Our Trip to Binda Caves. Having mastered the intricacies of a railway time-table, and gained from city and suburban officials a variety of information about the use and abuse of tourists' tickets, most of which information we found by expe- rience to be utterly valueless, we started on a beau- tiful morning for the mountains on our way to the Binda, or Fish River Caves. Our party was small, but it being easier to make a few minds think as one than to bring many to agree, perhaps so much the more likely to enjoy a long-talked of excursion. After leaving Homebush, we found ourselves the only occupants of a compartment, and having said all we had to say to each other, were settling down into humdrum existence when we were enlivened by the company of a small party, who gave us opportunity for the study of girl and boy nature. A railway carriage often offers special facilities for study to an observant traveller, and I am sure the younger members of our party should ever feel deeply grateful for the many and varied lessons they received in the art of love-making, an art which, when combined, as it was in this particular instance, with the eating of oranges and plums, becomes of ab- sorbing interest to the onlooker. How pleasant to turn from the contemplation of the glorious view near Springwood, with the Nepean like a thread of living silver in the sunlight, to wonder whether he will throw away that orange skin, and wipe his sticky fingers before he again squeezes her plummy hand. What variety of thought is evoked by the alternate contemplation of grand mountain scenery - rocks hurled upon rocks, Titanic castles, and a greasy head leaning on the shoulder of a dust coat, or a mouth full of plum stones whispering of love. Entertained as we were with thoughts like these, the journey, which might have been tedious, seemed short enough, and we reached the end of our first stage, feeling ready for dinner and adventure. As we had, with due regard to our own comfort, sent a forerunner in the shape of a letter, we soon found ourselves in a comfortable domicile, and heard the wel- come sound of the bell which called from their various occupations the several inmates of the house. These we found as varied as their occupations, but altogether an agreeable lot of people, and we began to congratulate ourselves that for once our lines had fallen into pleasant places. Of course the inevitable baby was there. Where, in this wide Australia, is he not ? but he was, on the whole, a very good specimen of the genus, and worried nobody but his mother ; she, poor soul, bore the martyrdom of motherhood with uneasy grace, and often smiling, wished herself at home. Considering that we might study infantile beauty without going to the mountains we determined to devote ourselves to the worship of Nature, and to begin by visiting Govett's Leap. It is now reached by a civilized, prosaic, dusty road which, better for driving through it may be, is decidedly less pleasant for walking than the old bush track. I am not going to attempt to describe Govett's Leap ; numberless visits could never accustom one to its grandeur - no photograph or description could portray its depth and size. Clambering below to the projecting rock, which from above seems half way down, one finds oneself still so far from the bottom of the gorge that tree ferns look like small crows' nests, and the tops of trees like a green carpet. One of the party who re- members her dictionary, and pays little attention to slang, said, with a serious face, that she felt awful, which remark, I grieve to say, was received with shouts of laughter by the youngsters. We collected all the information we could about Govett, and why he leaped. There is a sensational story about a bushranger, and some gold, some police- man, of course a woman, and equally of course a ghost; but much as we would have liked to accept the romantic version we found ourselves compelled to believe that a surveyor, being totally unable to measure the width of the gorge had leaped it, metaphorically, and began his measurements on the other side, and that his success- ors, finding the valley where they expected flat ground, had called it his leap. We were told of a party of gen- tlemen who, filled with exploring zeal, had managed to reach the foot of the waterfall, had found its droppings more like a shower of marbles than a shower bath, and were fortunate in meeting one of two ladies who, deter- mined not to be outdone by the sterner sex, had also reached the bottom of the gorge. As this adventure had included a variety of feats, such as few men, and still fewer women would attempt, and, as the leader of' the party told us, he would never do the like again, we decided to postpone our visit to the bottom until some enterprising Yankee shall contrive a plan of letting visitors down without trouble to themselves. Having read with a good deal of interest the recent discussion about a proposed railway through the Grose Valley, we had made a look into that much- talked of vale part of our programme, and therefore started early one fine morning for Perry's Look-down, including in our plan a scramble to the top of Hat Hill. As we had only one means of conveyance, and that the primitive one, we were prepared to find enthusiasm diminish as the road grew long. One by one our companions arrived at the conclusion that the view could not possibly be worth so much weariness, and only a few reached the end of the tramp to be rewarded with the glorious, view. A friendly tree on the very edge spreading its green branches like a Y, enables one to lean over the enormous precipice and take one's fill of wonder and delight. After the usual quantity of stone- throwing had been indulged in, and we had expressed a wish that if ever a boy went there and did not throw a stone he would cut his name and record the fact upon a tree for the benefit of an admiring posterity, we proceeded to inspect the means of getting down - not that we had any intention of trying to do so, for we had heard an account at Blackheath of a party of three who had gone down a few days before, and who having lost each other pro- ceeded each to lose himself, so obliging a relief party to start to bring up the last one. Having no desire to make a stir in that lively village we contented ourselves with a long look. The view from Hat Hill is worth a great deal more scrambling than it involves. Standing on the top and slowly turning one gains a wider view, a grander idea of the extent of the Blue Mountains than from any other easily accessible peak. In the foreground, like a sleeping giant, lies Mount King George, and all around fit subjects for so magnificent a monarch - hill upon hill, valley beyond valley, peak behind peak, fading in the blue mist which veils the mysterious distance. How much better the world ought to be for the travel so cheaply and easily obtainable now-a-days. How can a man feel mean and sordid with the fresh mountain breeze upon his cheek and the everlasting hills demanding pure and noble thoughts ? Who could be selfish and greedy while Mother Earth freely spreads her beauties before his eyes? Surely no one goes back to George-street and business, from the works of God to the haunts of men without feeling better in mind as well as body for his peep at Nature's marvels. Meditations such as these were rudely broken in upon by the cry, "A snake, a snake !" Hurrying forward, we found nothing more formidable than a sleeping lizard, a shining grace- ful creature, which glided with dignified mien away from the noisy mob surrounding it, and was soon lost to sight. This, an occasional wallaby, and innumerable little iguanas, were all we saw of Australian fauna on the mountains. While on our homeward path we noticed that the clouds were lowering, this they continued to do, moving along rapidly at the same time, but slowly and surely descending until we lost sight of the tops of trees, and in a few moments were in the clouds. For- tunately we were near home, and feeling no fear of being lost were pleased to have had the experience. We were not so pleased, however to find ourselves confined to the house the next day by the same condition of the atmosphere. All day hurrying clouds, white winged legions of Aquarius, hid everything from our view, and obliged us to find amusement, and to rest from our travels. Hoping they were carrying rain to a parched and dusty land we ate gooseberries and cur- rants from the garden, and were contented. A paternal Government, recognizing the beauty of the Wentworth Falls, has done so much to make the place easy of access, and to add to its beauty, that a visit to the neighbourhood should be part of every one's sojourn on the mountains, and the good road from the railway station to the park-like entrance of the reserve bears ample evidence of frequent use. Within the gates a well-kept path leads the visitor down to the point of vantage, where iron railings allow trem- bling ones to feel safe even on the verge of a precipice ; a path to the left leading to several nooks where seats invite the weary to rest and admire ; and, still further down, to the top of the falls, offers continual oppor- I tunity for glimpses of glorious mountain scenery, and leads to the beautiful brook which, after winding be- tween ferry banks and gurgling over moss-grown rocks, flows more and more swiftly in its rocky bed, and at length, leaping over the precipice, apparently lost in mist, clothes with verdant beauty the lovely valley beneath. A look at Wentworth Falls carried our imagination away to Fairyland, where they might have stayed longer had not some of the more prosaic of the party produced a billy of tea and mentioned sandwiches, whereupon we came down from the heights of fancy and ate our dinner with a zest that only mountain air can give. As we had made no arrangement to stay at Went- worth, we had to get back to our domicile as we had come, in the brake van of a luggage train. When we asked whether we should pay first class, second class, or cattle fare, for the privilege of sitting on a butter keg or standing in a crowd of navvies, the station master looked at us and solemnly shook his head, saying it was no business of his. Seeing that during the holiday month the brake vans of the luggage train are nearly always full, why does not the person whose business it is send a second class carriage for the use of excursionists in- stead of inconveniencing ladies and risking the lives of children by allowing them to ride without seats on that swaying line, where, at every curve, those near the opening are in danger of falling out ? There is a beau- tiful gully near Blackheath, leading from what is known as the Mermaid's Cave - why so called only those who named it can know : one thinks of a sandy beach with white- crested waves, a cavern decked with glistening shells, and a lady with a long tail combing her hair. There is nothing of that sort to be seen, but after scrambling down a stony path and jumping over rocks, where a tail would be most inconvenient, one comes upon a shining pool, which, fed by a stream trickling through a cleft in the over-arching nook, in its turn feeds another stream, which gurgling over a rocky path makes a deep gorge glorious with greenery. Here are ferns, from the majestic tree spreading protecting arms over the clear water to the tiny plant whose delicate fronds beautify every nook and corner and make all nature lovely. "Oh, if I could only take a little bit of the gully home," said one of us, "I shouldn't want a bush-house." "Just so, my dear madam, but this is a world of work, and nothing good can be got without effort." We appreciated this answer when the time came to go back, but hard work though it was we felt amply repaid by the memory of beauty, which once seen can never be forgotten. This was the last of our rambles on the mountains, and being due at Tarana for our visit to Binda we started to keep our appointment on a Saturday. This was a mistake. The drive from Tarana to the caves, about thirty-five miles, is considered too long for one day's journey, and starting from Tarana on Saturday involves a stay of Sunday at Oberon, a village in which there is nothing to see or do. The accommodation is good for the size of the place, but many and hearty were the wishes expressed for an early start to the caves, and daylight on Monday saw us ready for our drive. The whole of the road is good though hilly. Excepting the little excitement of an occasional hare or wallaby, there was nothing to remark until within a few miles of our destination, when we found the bush was on fire, and our view narrowed by clouds of smoke. The approach to the valley, in which the caves are, is by a zigzag road of 2.5 miles, which has been made on logs at considerable expense. Before this road was made the descent must have been very awkward, the hill being so steep that driving down the zigzag, with the ascent on the one side and a precipitous slope on the other, requires an experienced driver. Fortunately for us the fire had nearly finished its work of destruction during the preceding night, or our journey might have been cut short by a falling tree, as it was turning the first sharp corner we saw one of the giant gums lying across our path, and all jumped out to consider the situation. The result of our consultation was, that as it was utterly impossible to drive round the obstacle, and equally impossible to lift the buggy over it, the only alternative was to walk the rest of the way putting the luggage on the horses, who leaped the tree. In our walk down we passed several other fallen trees some still burning. The house in the cave valley may be large enough sometimes, certainly not nearly so in the month of January. We found the one apartment which serves for dining room, parlor, and office, besides being used as a sleeping room, full of a noisy departing crowd, finishing a late breakfast, looking for hats, umbrellas, and luggage, paying accounts, and talking all at once; they seemed a party of lunatics, and made our arrival anything but pleasant. We at once resolved not to stay very long. The accommodation consists of five bedrooms, with seven beds, and one sitting room, having two sofas. We found twenty-five people there ; how they slept let imagination tell. Their departure and our arrival reduced the number to nine, and for one night there was some comfort, but the next day brought another nine, and news of yet another lot of fifteen waiting at Oberon. If the attractions of the caves are such that all these people will put up with slow travelling, discomfort, and (I say it with regret) very meagre fare, for the sake of visiting them, what number would go with the journey made in one day, and the additional allurement of comfortable quarters and good living ? Apart from the caves themselves, unrivalled in their fascination, the neighborhood offers unsurpassed opportunities for viewing romantic scenery and for shooting, so that parties might prolong their stay indefinitely, if the place were what it might be. Our first visit was to the Lucas Cave. Winding up the steep hill side at the bidding of our guide and then descending we arrived at the barred and bolted entrance, and having entered, and lit our candles, began walking with slow and measured steps as those who walk in darkness. We had heard many accounts of the difficulties of the paths - had even been told that ladies would find them impassable - and were therefore prepared for a few trying places, but excepting three ladders which rise one above another in the Lucas Cave met with no climbing that an ordinarily active woman need shrink from. These ladders being of wire joined at the ends sway unpleasantly, and having the rungs far apart are apt to catch the dress. The absolute darkness of most of the caves, while it possibly hides dangers which daylight would make us shrink from, adds to the lesser inconveniences of the paths. One may walk at the very edge of a rock down which a slip would be fatal, and hold the guiding rope with no firmer hand than when in perfect safety, at the same time the fact of only being able to see so far as a candle shines makes one take every step with perhaps needless caution, intensifies distance, and makes that which in daylight might be nothing appear mysterious and awful. The only part of the caves which made the weakest of our party shudder was perhaps the safest. Standing on a bridge of two planks with wire handrails, and looking down, one can see at a depth which appears immense the glistening of a pool of water, and above and around impenetrable darkness, but the distance of the water is not so impressive as the standing on that narrow plank apparently leading from nowhere to nowhere in the midst of nothing. Our guide, ever obliging and atten- tive, descended, and brought us a cup of the sparkling fluid, and we went on refreshed. The Lucas Cave is composed of a series of large chambers connected by narrow passages. One of these is the Cathedral, well named ; another, the Exhibition, has several very beautiful groups of stalagmites, many having fanciful names ; but the prettiest spot is the Lurline cave, where the glistening walls and columns reflecting the light of the magnesium lamp make a scene of wonderful beauty. The Grand Arch and the Devil's Coach-house, or Easter Cave, were discovered in 1841 by some mounted police- men in search of a bushranger. They are two long natural tunnels, through each of which in rainy weather a creek flows. At present they are both dry, and the water, which when plentiful might flow through them, bubbles up in the bed of the creek a few yards below the eastern entrance. The Grand Arch is 450 feet long, from 35 to 180 feet wide, and from 40 to 60 feet high. On the floor are scattered huge fallen masses of the limestone rock, some parts of which are highly polished by the traffic over them of wallabies and other animals. The Easter Cave is smaller but much more beautiful than the Grand Arch, and contains many specimens of stalactites. Both of these have plenty of daylight, and may be visited at any time. The latest discovered, and by far the most beautiful of these wonderful caverns, is the Imperial, entered through a small opening near the top of the Grand Arch. Ascending two long ladders, and lighting candles, one begins a walk of miles through narrow passages and holes, up and down steps, along corridors of glistening beauty into chambers lined with shining drapery and sparkling jewels, past walls of diamonds and columns of alabaster into rooms whose ceilings are decorated with innumerable stalactites, and walls ornamented with the most delicate tracery. Before entering the Imperial Cave we decided to buy some photos. After seeing the reality a photograph seemed like desecration. The mass of dead white a picture shows is as much like the sparkling crystals and delicate lining beauty of the stalactites in the Imperial Cave as a crushed and withered blossom is like a dew-besprinkled rosebud. As no photograph so no pen can convey an idea of the beautiful and varied forms produced by the water, which for untold ages has been dissolving and dripping through crevices in these limestone caves. Whether like shawls or corners of transparent sheets hanging from above, or like piles of fleecy wool from floor to roof, or like a crystal girandole fit for a fairy palace, all are alike beautiful in form and fascinating by their purity. The visitors' book, among pages of the veriest trash written by nobodies, has the remark that "Professor Denton had visited larger caves but none so beautiful," and with that opinion to encourage us we say to all, " see and enjoy the Binda Caves." 