V.. OAULFIELD. > Br "THE WORM." #A beautiful bright morning. Messrs Hickin- botham and Connolly arrived at sunrise, the lojmer opening the proceedings with .Seizure doing a couple of steady rounds on the tand, Novelette, accompanied by Mr 'Rowo's Folestar, moved along freely for half a mile, tho latter doing another round alone for good etrongwork. ! 'Syphon and Friendless put io a couple of medium rounds, improving the pace tbe third time, both going strong and freely, Chester doing ditto. Veritas and Angler were sent a good useful round on tbe sand after some steady work, Mr Hickinbotham sent Don Qaixote a eonple of turns on the grass, going at a goca winging canter the last round. The hurdle- racer is looking big and muioular. O'Brien, ou Capri, cantered a round of the ran, a lad on Tiesue joining him at the mile. The pair rattled home at a good working gallop, the Cup horse going with moro free- den). Hickinbotham rode Egliogten a steady round, brushing home from the turn. O'Brien rode Le Grand some steady work ou the eand. vMr Batty gave Yately good sound work ou the gross. After oanteriog ho moved along for a couple of rounds, inereaaing to a good striding gallop, the last time, doing the best round of tbe morning, going strong and freely; bo will tun very for ward in the Cup. Batty rode Ontario, having Deceiver for a companion, a good working gallop twioe round tho sand track, the former palling hard all tbe way. He is looking very pink, Umbtrto strode along for about five furlongs, going strong and well. Mr Robinson Bent Merry Fenella a strong tiAlf mile, her companion Cupola doing a couple of medium turns, finishing up strong. Mr Jones sent First Pop aud Violet a couple ! steady rounds on the sand, spurting about balf-a-mile. Melodious after canterlngbrnshed along for four or fivo forlougt, moving in her usual good style. Coriolinus put in two or three steady turns on the grass, brushing home from the turn. SiriSamuel did mild exercis on the Band. Mr T. G, Beid aent The Ghost and Nor folk a strong round of tho graw, the latter being the boat at th distance, Tumult and Grace Darling covering .the same circle for good striding work. Eurr aod Nuncio cantered, the latter later on rami irg a strong half mile with Tippety Witcbett xisultingin favor of the latter. Mr Lecg sent Egbert and Kingfisher a strong half mile, .finishing together. Canute did mild exercise on tbe sand. Mr Campbell rode Mozart a strong mile ; the two year - eld, who had been cantering, running homo with him from tbe turn. Mr J. Heywood rode Spartan useful work on the eand, winding up with a good working gallop tho last round. Mr Allen gavo Gilderoy four steady rounds en the aand. Mr Morulas' The Laird, with an amateur in the saddle, did medium pace work on tho inner Iradt He fa looking very well. The Don Giovanni horse wenta steady round over tbe hurdles, jumping very fairly for a green 'an, finishing up with a otrong round on the grosr. MsHurpBr'e Tandstiokor did useful oxer- c5c£. Bezeefcrd, with his owner in the saddle, put fs three round— good half pace on the eaud, Mr Shaw's Sprightly did three turns of tax- efceable work, Mr Davis had Discount and Defiance goiog oteadyj the others of bis string had ont put io m appearance up to my loaying at It 2Q> 