" HERE AUE SOME PHOTOGRAPHS." " On VES," I said, " I always enjoyed looking at photographs. Photogmphs and autographs I jiißt doted on. I liad niyself a large collec- tion of tile autographs of eminent tradesmen, mostly local, to which I was daily adding, paydayly, that was." (She was a serious sort of a woman, Mi's. Squaretop, and never smiled at any feeble joke as she handed me thc album to look over until her husband came in from thc field. I had juFt engaged summer board. I am a mau accustomed to family photo- graph albums. Von can't fool me on them. ] have Bat up with them from Halifax to Denver, and I know til cm by name »nd sight PA and ma, and that's grandpa, and that's grandma, and here's Uncle George, and this is au aunt of pa's, she's very wealthy and has no children, and pu is her favourite nephew ; and this is a young lady I went to school with, and this is Brothel- Henry, and this is Cousin Sue, and this is Aunt Hattie's baby, and this is a young man Henry went to school with, and do you know who this is? Ah, you, now I won't listen to another word, it ain't a bit like me now anyhow, it's horrid, and this is pa's clerk and this is-te, he, he-ft young man no, I won't tell you bis name, he lives in Kickapoo, and this ia-oh, my son, yon can't Btrand me on photograph albums. I know just where the family ends and the étrangers . mein. So I praised everybody's ugly, flat, exprès» sionloss, staring stupid mug in Mrs. Square top's album, and I bit everything all right on the first end second quarter, and was coming along splendidly and drew np on the strangers just about in sight of the distance pole, and I usually feel a little tired then, and rest my- self on thc strangers. " And who," f said airily, " is the placid old female who had her face ironed out while it was soft ?" " That was Mr. Squaretop's mother," Mrs, Squaretop said, half smiling, and I felt elated. Evidently thc old lady was not so placid as she looked. .* An old ' Before taking,' " I said, " this forlorn old ghost just disappearing into his shady collar ?" That was Mrs. Sqnaretop's great uncle, a a grand old man, one of thc signers of the Declaration of Independence. That is he. would have signed it, she exclaincd, only the soliciting committee got all thc signatures they wanted, just before they got to hun, I had struck a snag, but not a bad one. Thc uncle was out of place, anyhow. He ought to bo rundown, I laughed and said : " This old boy who has just been blown up in a powder mill-did his friends know that he contemplated this photograph ?" This was her father s cousin, who was very dear to her. It has always been considered by good judges an excellent picture. She said it, again, and left out thc good and placed thc emphasis on plain, unadorned judges Somehow I wished she wouldn't. I next found a " pirate Btrickeu with re- morse, ', which proved to be her half brother, whom she loved moro dearly than any of her own brothers, and then I tried to eveu up by praising thc angelic face on the opposite page. Ali, there was a face for a man to love t there was a countenance to shine in a man's home and his heart like sunlight-ah ha I It was Mr. Squarctop's first wife. Then I went at it aguin and tried to check the fulling thermometer by saying that the impccile with the curly hair would look less like an ass if he had simply had his kat Íihotographod, as that was evidently what he lad borrowed that silk tile for, hut as the impccile was Mrs. Squarctop's dearest cousin, it was a failure, and I settled down for a final etfort on " the squab with the snub nose," and wondered if be had as many brains as he had buttons and freckles, adding that it was marvellous how awfully black red hair al way B took in at photograph. It was Mrs Squarctop's eldest sou, now a West point, and I was frcatly relieved by the opportune entraec of lr. Squaretop, seor., at that moment. He bowed, and 1 waited for an introduction. I got it. ': This was Mr.-ah-" she said* " Eeathcrly," I said, bowing. came to look at thc rooms in thc Bouth wing, but I think they will hardly suit him. They are scarcely airy enough." I didn't want them to think I was running away or was frightened, and so I sauntered down the road after I said good-bye with slow' motions but taking awful strides. So I wasn't !>00 hundred yards down thc road before Mr. Squaretop emerged over the orchard fence call- ing on mc to stop a minute. He might ns wcjl have asked me to stop a whole week A man clad in thc habiliments of the plough boj's is not arrayed for a foot race, and before I was quite across the country linc he had given up thc chase. I still retain unimpaired my excellent voice for photograph albums but I have no patience with people who scatter their relatives all the way through them. What shall it profit a visitor if he wade safely and gracefully through twenty-nine pages, and then founder in a hundred and thirty fathoms on a first cousin or an only Bon Ï ?American Paper. 