DR. MILNER AND HALF COMMUNION. We have lately been reading the thirty- ninth letter of Dr. Milner's " End of Re ligious Controversy" on Half Communion, and although the Book was written with the intention of converting a Protestant gentleman to the faith of Mother Church, as well as indisputably settling the re ligious differences between Protestants and Roman Catholics, we must confess we were considerably disappointed. After such lofty pretentions one would imagine that he had at least some small show of truth on his side; but the so- called facts which he produces, when in vestigated, disappear like vapours before the noon-day sun. He introduces the subject by an artifice of ingenuity — viz., that Protestants must have resource to Tradition in proof of certain doctrines, and particularly with respect to the two Sacraments which they acknowledge. His mode of argument is as follows : — First, in reference to bap tism, he says, "Although we have an ac count of various Baptisms being per formed, yet we have no sufficient clear ness from the written word as to whether it is a Sacrament or not, or whether it ought to he administered to infants ;" and aB regards the Eucharist, there are so many things mentioned in connection with it, such as the washing of the feet, and the eating of a lamb, that it is to Tradition we must look to know which of these rites are essential to that ordinance, or necessary to be practised now. And if we cannot determine these from the sacred text, how do we know that the Eucharist ought to be administered to the laity under both kinds. However Protestants are not so credul ous as to take these unsupported as sertions and trivial circumstances for un answerable proofs. Like the church of which he is a dexterous advocate as well as an unscrupulous misrepresenter, in repudiating the account which the Scrip tures give of the institution of these Sacraments, he finds himself constrained to frame hypotheses upon hypothesis which have no support but those of a fertile imagination, and then commends to us this elaborate aerial castle as a more convenient residence than that which rests upon the . rocky foundation of Inspiration. Let us for a few moments turn to the pages of the Gospels and see there what discovery we can make of the positive rites of the Christian Church. They aro remarkably I few and simple. We find our blest Redeemer founded a Church and in-,, structed his disciples as to the means of securing its perpetuation. The elemen tary principles of its . propagation are; contained in St. Matthew, Ch. xxviii., vs. 19-20 — " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, Baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo I am with you always even to the end of the world." It is here from the unclouded noonday splendour of the brilliant orb of Revel ation that we have the undoubted war rant for the Sacrament of Baptism, and not from the midnight darkness or dim twilight of Tradition as Dr. Milner asserts. Neither do we administer it to infants on the authority of Tradition but upon that of Scripture itself, and the Church or Rome herself thinks likewise, for in the index to the Roman Catholic New . Testament the annotators say — " For Infant Baptism, compare Luke xviii. 16, with John iii. 5. Again upon turning to the word of God we find that Christ in stituted another rite in His Church — viz., the Eucharist, of which institution we have an account in Matt. xxvi. 26, and following verses ; Mark xiv. 22, &c.; ; Luke xxii. 19, &c.; ; and reiterated by St. Paul in the 11 chap, of first Corinthians. From these different accounts we learn that our blessed Lord, the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread and brake it and gave it to his dis ciples, and said, " Take eat, this is my body, do this in commemoration of me ;" he likewise took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he said, " Drink ye all of this." Dr. Milner argues that because before Christ did this they all feasted upon a lamb, and Christ washed the disciples feet, it cannot be gathered from Scripture whether these are essential parts of this Sacrament, but must be de cided by the assistance of Tradition. But is not this a palpable paralogism in the face of Revelation, while he boastfully appeals to Scripture for au account of its institution, he practically ignores its most imperative conclusions. It is not to Tra dition that , we are indebted for our know ledge that these are not essentials of this : Sacrament; but we prove it from the Scriptures themselves by induction and inference. To every student of the Gospel it is known that the Eucharistis an institu tion of the New Testament, and not of the Old, whilst the passover lamb which was partaken of, was an Old Testament ordi nance, and could have no reference to this institution. Neither could the washing of the feet, for is it not remarkable that of the three Evangelists who records the insti tution, not one of them record this inci dent ; and theone who does, did not write his Gospel until long after the others, at which time the Eucharist was an estab lished fact. , But to proceed.; Dr. Milner admits that: our Blessed Lord instituted the Sacrament under both kinds, and that they all partook of the cup as well as of the bread. Notwithstanding this, he tells us that it ought to be administered to the laity under one kind only, and with babbling and blatant folly accounts for it by informing us that the com mand, " Drink ye all of this, concerned the apostles as priests, and not the laity as communicants. But nothing can be more ignorant than this reck less assertion. The disciples were no more priests when they partook of the cup than when they eat the bread, for if as Rome says they became priests by our Saviour pronouncing the words " Do this in commemoration of Me," they became so before they broke the bread, or at least before they had eaten it ; it not appear ing that our Lord made any pause between his saying " Take eat, &c.;" and " Do this in commemoration of Me." Therefore it would follow that the whole sacrament, the bread as well as the cup, was for the priests, which would exclude the laity from its use altogether. It appears plainly to any one who candidly examines the subject, that we have sufficient authority from the New Testament to commemorate the dying love of our Lord and Master under the two distinct species of bread and wine; and in rejecting all unnecessary accompaniments, as well as in repudiating the modern custom of par taking only of bread. We reject and repudiate these things as the fabrications of mdn, whether from fraudulent intent <;or presumptuous igno rance ; and consequently Dr. Milber's theory that communicating in one kind only is merely Church discipline, falls to the ground, and becomes a direct contra diction of the purpose of Christ. Even the Council of Constance, which de nied the cup to the; laity in 1414, is of. the. same opinion, for after framing a few .paltry excuses for withholding the cup;1 it 'admits that Christ instituted it under 'both kinds, and was administered' so to f the laity for several centuries. In!the;face of these facts, Dr. Milner' charges the Protestant Church 'with'in- consistency! Let us now look where the ' inconsistency ' lies,1 and ' what1 ! are f 'the grourifis'foribis charge! . i,p:; -'wim I. > First,7 because "Luther1 only 'admiriisV1 tered1 ' it'ri n ' 'one ' kind ; ' sec6ndly;-because, the'Frerifeh Calviriists? under ' 'certain! !'cir-! < cumstances did likewise ; ' and' lastly-1 that certain' ;Acts of Henry; "V illvand'liis'par-' liamerit decreed' tbatfit might'be adihinis-' ' tered'in 'obe or both'diindsj'according' to7 the'riecessity of the1 case.' i1-,1-; 'Ill! ;; But 'd'oes riot' Dr. Miiner iin'ow, that 'it1 is riot' 'from Martin L'utKer):w"e take ! our' Protestant religion, but from the brilliant and ' eternal illumination 11 of ' the 'irgion-1 ous; 'fountain ' of true light' 'arid "liberty, upo'ri' which ' also ; 'we ! hase'!all i our hopes" and11 practices. Whilst'j Ve'?rejoice',f,that ' such a" glorious bufriirigarid shiDirig-'light1 1 as Martin Luther, of pious arid immortal 1 merhory u was ".'rescued ! 'from 1 beneath the1 dark1 banner' rif Rbmariis'm arid permitted < to "adorn1 'Pr otesf aritism'7 wi 6b'ihist,earn est '» and headlong zeal; 'we also adiriit'that'he was riot free from faults and inconsisten- ' . cie&f;"5. s 'a''. " !'): Buf'are;those inconsistencies to be at-' tribuled;tb'Prbtesfaritism'— decidedly not:' — but 1 father to : th e 1 i minat nr i ty ; ' inex- periericie,; and imperfect apprehension -'of duty, ' 'the superstitious ' weakness;1 1 'and misunderstanding of the substance'of the gospel, which' generally belongs1 to" 'the new1 " convert froiri the" torrid zorievof Romanism, 1 " Neither do we ' take our religion from f Calvin1 ;rior! Calviriists, for that1 would-be au' 'unsafe foundation. Far -less is it 'to .the'-Kasty ;genefalizatibns,;df ai'few dila- 1 tariti- nienab'ers of1 Parliament; 'nor ; the1 fantastic'theories'bfKings,'1 that1 we' are1 indebted for the verities of 'our Protestant Faith.'1 ' ') i 