The second day's racing of the autumn meet ing of the South Australian Jockey Club passed off successfully at Adelaide on the 15th May, and as the day had been proclaimed a Govern ment holiday there was a large attendance of visitors on the course to witness the contest for the Adelaide Cup. The proceedings com menced with the Maiden Plate, which re sulted in a win . for Madge, Ravine ' being second and Umberto third. The , Nursery Handicap, which succeeded, was appropriated by The Baron, Bellamee and Czarina being the only other starter?., The great . event of the day, the .Adelaide Cup, was the - next item on the card, and 'considerable in terest was manifested in. it. - Fifteen horses faced the starter, the favorites being Conjeoture, King of the Valo and Colstoun. The first named of these three led for a long distance, and looked all over a winner in the run home ; but Malua, who started at a fairly long price, made a determined rush at the finish, and won by three-quarters of a length from Conjecture, who was followed home by Kingof the Vale. The Sires' Produce Stakes followed, and fell to King of the Gipsies, who defeated the favorite, Sandal, by half a length. Bassanio won the All Aged Stakes, Gratitude beinsr next. The concluding event of the day, the Autumn Handicap, ended in a victory for Ituby, who just managed to get home in front -f Baron Von Mueller. The meeting was wa8 brought to a conclusion on Saturday, the 17th ult. The racing began with the Hurdle Race, for which The Agent and Fictitious were equal favorites in a field of six runners. The race ended in a win for The Agent, who was closely followed home by Fictitious, Ned Kelly being ithird. The Juvenile Selling Stakes brought, three com batants before the starter, Rachael proving victorious. Black and White being second and Czarina last. No less than twenty horses started for the Flying Handicap, which was appropriated by Dutchman, whd: just 'got home before Lord Wilton and Claptrap. The S.A.J.C. Handicap proved a goodvthing for Claptrap, the only other runners being Lan caster and Conjecture. The last named was the favorite, but she finished absolutely last. The terminating contest of the day, the Steeplechase, fell to Euchre, with Governor second and Bob Cooper third. As on the previous days of the meeting the totalisator was largely patronised, whilst * the book makers were in a similar degree ignored. The Melbourne Hunt Olub held their annual race meeting at Flemington on 24th May, when, as the weather was beautifully fine, there was a fair attendance, though the pro gramme was not .such as might be expected to draw. The Selling Kace, the first event of the day, was won easily by Liddington, with Saxon second ; and the Flying Stakes, which brought out a good field, iell to Cupola, who was the favorite, with The Ghost and Pyrette second and third. The Steeplechase was won by Blackthorn, who was also most in re quest : and'Pailleroo had no difficulty in ap propriating the Corinthian Flat Race, Man fred and Petrel being second and third. - The Bruni Selling Stakes saw Impulse, who was not generally fancied, a winner, the favorite, Egerton, being second. 'The last event of the day, the Queen's Birthday Stakes, was won by Pailleroo, though The Ghost, who was second, ' would probably have reversed the position had his saddle not slipped. The arrangements were exceedingly well carried out by the officers of the Hunt Club, and the meeting wai most satisfactory in a pecuniary sense. The Adelaide Racing Club opened what is known_as their Birthday meeting on 24th May, when fine weather favored the first day's racincr, which passed off in a successful manner. The Hurdle Race resulted in a win for Char coal, who won easily from Agitation and Noorong. Gymkhana appropriated the Trial Handicap, Lavington and Gratitude following the winner horn*. The Selling Race proved a good thing for The Lawn, Ethel being second and Narrative third. Sting won the A.R.C. Handicap somewhat easily from the favorite, Little Sister, Belmont and Prince Patrick being the only oth^r. starters; The Steeple chase' resulted in a great boil over, Chester, a rank outsider, winning ensily. Nooning was second and Pit ty third. T- e concluding event of the day. theTotaHnator Handicap, fell to the favorite, Country Boy, Sandal being second and Wotonga third. The loading feature of the proceedings on the second day was the Queen's Birthday Cup, which caused nine horses to face the starter, the winner burning up in Ned o' the Hills, Ruby being second and Guess work third. The Hurdle Race ended in a victory for Charcoal, who was followed home by Acrobat and Agitation in that order. Topaz easily appropriated the. Suburban Han dicap, and the Selling Steeplechase fell to Glenburn, who also won with ease. Laving- I ton proved the beat of the Sold in the Nurasry Stakes, whilst the Selling Race resulted in a decisive win for The Lawu. The attendance on the last day was good, and the sport interesting. Acrobat won the H'irJie Race, Lord of Clyde being second and Tempest third. The Two Year- old Handicap ended in a victory for Manfred, who was followed home by Ravine and Gratitude in that order. Topaz secured the City Handicap, Lord Wilton was second, and Sting third. The Ladies' Bracelet fell to Shylock, whilst Chester once more proved too good for those opposed to him in the Steeple chase.' The Final Flutter ended the day's proceedings, and resulted in a win for Gym khana. The arrangements were well carried, out, and everthing went off satisfactorily. A race meeting was held at Werribee -on 31st May, when, in consequence of the fine weather' and an excellent' programme, there was a very-large attendance, two special trains being necessary to convey the visitors* from town. The Hurdle Race was won after a . capital contest by Footman, with Jack Scandal and Equity seoond and third, and the Wynd ham Handicap proved an easy victory for the favorite Iralee. who was followed home bv Trifle and Regulator. Uarda, who wna very strongly supported for the Selling Raoe, won it easily, Plato and Pan being second and third ; and a capital Steeplechase ended in Chippen ham beating Jack Scandal and Australian Court. Iralee landed the double by appro priating the Werribee Park Handicap, with Pyrette and Honora second and third, and the day's proceedings were wound up by Brownie appropriating the District Plate, a race' for horses locally owned and ridden. . Tlie first race for the Championship of the world, on the Nepean River, took place on the 22nd ult. between Edward Hanlan and Elias Laycock, the weather being faultlessly fine, and the water in no way disturbed. On the signal being given, both Hanlan and Laycock struck the water together, neither having the slightest advantage in the start, Laycock going away with a tremendous rush, pulling from 39 to 40 strokes a minute. Hanlan then commenced to increase his strokes, and went as high as 38 and' 39 per minute. At the eud of the first quarter of a mile Laycock had got a lead of about half a length, the people on the banks encouraging him by cheeriug. At half a mile Hanlan was leading by a bare half length, which he soon increased to a full length. When opposite Dibbs's house both decreased their stroke to about 80 per minute, and soon after to 28. After they had gone a little over a mile Hanlan was leading by fully two lengths, and it was quite evident after the first three quarterd of a mile that he had the race in his own hands and could win by almost any dis tance he liked. . Instead of dolnz this he allowed Laycock to come up, but never more than a boat's length off. When about half a mile from home, Hanlan was a length ahead, and continued to row a free and easy stroke, and it was quite apparent that, al though Laycook was pulling his hardest, he could only gain on Hanlan by sudden spirts, which a=t soon as they were observed by Han lan would cause him to pull a little harder and get away again. About 50 yards from the post Laycock made his last spirt, but the effort was only temporary, as Hanlan drew away, and won with perfect ease, although by only three quarters of a- boat's length. The time was 22 min. 45 sec. The -public reception of Edward Hanlan, champion oarsman of the world, took place at the Exhibition Building on 24th May, but was not largely attended, o whig, ho doubt, partly to the inconvenient hour at which- the ceremony was fixed to take place, and the high prices charged for admission. In the afternoon an address of wel come from the Victoria Rowing Asso ciation wns presented by Dr. Beaney, M.L.C., one of the vice-presidents, and subsequently Hanlan and the committee of the association were entertained at the doctor's residence. In the evening an exhibition in a counterpart of the upper portion of the middle sect on of his boat was given by Hanlan, and the proceed ings were enlivened by a concert, in which Miss Isabel Reid, a d&t;&tante;, Miss Christie Fuller, Mr. Julius Herz and Warnecke's banl took part. An aquatic carnival was held on the Albert Park Lake on the 7th instant, at which Hanlan gave an exhibition of his rowing power?. There was an enor mous attendance, and the carnival was a thorough pecuniary success. 