DOGS THAT SEE SPIRITS. '? Yes,' saul the dogist, with au air of conviction, ' them doz stories i mistly true ; peop!H as laughs at 'em is only showing their ignorance, that's all. I eupposs you won't believe that dogs sees spirits, will you?' Tug reporter intimated that, while skeptical, he was not impervious t-- convorsatiou. ' Well, then,' said tin belie- e in the caiiiue supernatural abiiitv, ' tell ma why dogs howl when people is dying ?' The reporter confessed that lhat was a question which even his mind trained to psychological subth-ties, could uot solve. 'Then I'll tell you ; they howls be ctuse they sees the spirits from the other world coming to carry aw.iy the departinS ghost.' ' lou seem to have studied dogs a great deal.' ' All my life,' said the fancier with au air of pride. It TT 1 1 ? ii f- i - I i now ao you explain me lace ttiac dome dogs are cleverer than others ?'; At this question the dog fancier's face filled with contempt. He re plied : 'Some men is born cleverer than other men ; some men is eddicatcd till they u cleverer than others. It's the Same with dogs. A dog witb natural ability requires eddicauon to bring him out strong, siins's men.' ' Well, now roll me something about au edncated dog.' '? Tint's easv and rec3nt There's a men on Sixth aveuu3 whose djg has goue for his uiornin^ paper every morning for years. The ui:m always gave the dog a three cent piece to buy the dapcr, not going to church having no other use for 'em When the price came down to two cents, danged if the dog didn't threaten to tear the newsvender to pieces until he passed over the penny change.' ' What did he do with the pennies ; give them to his master ?'' ' Not much ; he keeps era in a corner and is going lo buy a new silver plated collar with 'em at Christ mas. ' Doga has 1 -ts o' sympathy, too. Why, I knew a doy ;is 'ud, after hear ing his master swear ab -ut taxes, eat tip every tnx notice that c.imointo the house. — New York J'-iwnal. Skinny men*. — 'We Is' Health Re newer restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia Impotence. Debility. Moses, Moss & Co. Sydney, General Agents, 