CHAPTER IV. ERNEST BRAYLIEGH'S MISTAKE. Ruth Grey was past her early youth, and must have been at least thirty, when Amy Brayliegh. died. She was tall, with fine figure and commanding presence, and a face which, without being strictly handsome, would be picked out amongst a thousand for its noble, intellectual expression, softened by gentle sweetness. She had strong feelings, for her dark eyes could flash with anger, and her whole form tremble with indignation, when she witnessed wrong or oppression committed by the strong upon the weak. She was highly educated and accomplished, and was in every way fitted to make a good man's life happy, and to brighten, beautify, and adorn his home. She had known the Braylieghs in England, and the friend- ship with Amy had commenced when they were at school together ; and Ruth, being a few years older, and of a higher and more exalted character, had exercised an almost un- bounded influence for good over her gentle friend. Ruth's father had received aa important Government appointment in the colony, and Amy had seen her friend leave for its then distant shores, with but a faint hope of ever seeing her again. But the world after all must be a much smaller place than we are apt to think it, for most unexpected meetings are continually taking place. One of the first people with whom business brought Mr. Brayliegh into contact, was Mr. Grey, and the friendship between Amy and Ruth was renewed with feelings of the keenest pleasure on both sides. When death parted them, Ruth felt the loss of her gentle friend as much as if she had been her sister. Reggie almost constantly resided with her, and very soon transferred to her the love that had been his mother's. For some three years after his wife's death, Mr. Brayliegh continued in almost daily intercourse with Miss Grey and her aged father. He admired and respected her above all women of his acquaintance ; and their friendship was of the calm, happy kind that might have drifted into love and a suitable marriage. No words of love were spoken, but somehow it came to be tacitly understood that one day Ruth Grey would become Ernest Brayliegh's wife, and a mother to the little Reggie ; and, by her sweet presence, gather up the scattered threads of his broken existence, and unite them into a cord of happiness. The home of the Greys was a peaceful rest to Ernest Brayliegh, and the time seemed to pass so pleasantly and happily that he hesitated to alter the existing state of things by bringing any change into their way of life. Thus matters stood, gossips wondered when the marriage would take place, and Mrs. Grundy, for once, approved and thought nothing could be more suitable. Ruth Grey was not her father's only child, she had had a sister some years her senior, who long years ago had married a gay dashing captain of a cavalry regiment, and with him had gone to India, and there died. When her sister died Ruth had written to her brother-in-law, asking him to let her have her sister's child, fearing the influences the little girl might be exposed to. But the gay brother-in law replied that he had other views for his daughter, and did not wish her brought up in a puritanical psalm-singing manner, and so the matter ended, or seemed to have ended. But when Captain Walsingham was struck down by a fever —aggravated by his own intemperance and wild life—he left word that, in the event of his death, his daughter Louisa should be sent to her aunt, Miss Grey. Before Ruth could well make up her mind as to whether she were glad or sorry for this new addition to their circle, the young lady herself arrived. Ruth would have been delighted to receive her niece if she could have had her as a little child, when all her tastes and habits were unformed, but it was another matter now. A girl of eighteen, most probably brought up with ideas and wishes diametrically opposite to her own. Ruth welcomed her lovingly, however, for she remembered she was her sister's child, and her heart yearned towards her. She was disappointed to see no resemblance to her family, as Louisa was a picture of her father, large, fair, good-looking, with a sort of voluptuous beauty that pro- claimed its possessor ease-loving and self-indulgent. There was little doubt that she was one who could appreciate the good things of this life ; who would like to eat, drink, and dress well, and have little to do and less to trouble her. Her tall, well- developed figure, made her appear older than she was. Her education had been very superficial; she had left a fashionable boarding school, able to sing a little, play a little—without taste or feeling—and dance a great deal. She could chatter a smattering of very indifferent French, and she had a packet of scratchy drawings, and, in virtue of all this, she considered herself thoroughly educated and accomplished. But as to any useful art thoroughly acquired, she was as ignorant of it as she was of Sanscrit. She knew neither how to darn a stocking nor make a pudding, and would have been quite as likely as Marie Antoinette to have suggested feeding the starving people on cake instead of bread. Ernest Brayliegh admired Ruth Grey; he saw and appre- ciated all the nobility and purity of her character, and knew that if she would consent to marry him she would render his life happy. He fully intended some day to ask her to become his wife, and to be a mother to his boy, in name— as she had been in love and kindness—since he had lost his own by death. But he put it off from time to time, and still the words were unsaid. At last his friend, Dr. Godfrey, took him to task, and, as they smoked their pipes during a summer's evening, he cautiously approached the subject. The doctor, like many other men, was very inconsistent ; preached what he did not practice. He constantly inveighed against the use of tobacco, and forbid it to his patients, whilst he was a devotee to the weed himself. Then, again, he was a confirmed bachelor, and at the same time was always doing his utmost to get his friends and acquaintances married. "Well, Brayliegh," said he, "I suppose before long we will have to give up our smoking and bachelor ways, for you will be bringing home a wife, will you not ? " " I believe it's the best thing could happen," was the reply, "for me and the boy too, but, somehow, when I go through the house and see Amy's chair in her favourite place, and all the things that once owned her for a mistress, I shrink from making any change. I feel as if even Ruth Grey ought not to occupy her place. A shadow of her presence lingers like a sweet perfume in every room and on every thing that once was hers." "Stuff and nonsense," said the matter-of-fact doctor; "that dreaming away of your existence is the worst thing possible for a man of your temperament, with the nervous predominating over the sanguine. You want someone to rouse you out of those fancies and regrets. Rouse yourself, my dear fellow. Marry Miss Grey (that is if she will have you), and bring her and my noble little godson to their rightful place. Take my word for it, with such a woman by your side, the cobwebs would soon be swept from your brain, and you would find your existence full, complete, and happy. She is a pearl among women, and, with a congenial mind like hers, you would be blest among men. The fact is, I want to see you married—you see I am like all doctors, I recommend the medicines I don't take myself—but even I might become a Benedict, if there were another woman like Ruth Grey. Don't let your best years pass away filled with the ghosts of dead hopes, but commence a new life bright- ened by the love and companionship of a good woman. I hope to congratulate you when next I see you," and with that the two friends parted. Dr. Godfrey was a small, active, bustling man, very clever, somewhat abrupt in his style, and he could be as bitter and caustic as his own potions and plasters when occasions called for it. His profession brought him face to face with much sorrow, sin, and suffering, and his kindly heart was ever ready to relieve the wants of his patients. Many and many a one had to thank the good doctor, not merely for restoring them to health, but for helping them to do right; those who had sinned, he tried to reform; and others who had been unfortunate and become impoverished, he endeavoured to set upon their feet again. He did not content himself with giving a donation from his purse, but his principle was to enable people to help themselves. For a strong woman, who had been suddenly left a widow with a large family to support, he would buy a mangle and set of washing tubs, and interest himself in getting customers for her ; or a lady, left in a similar position, hire a piano for her, pay her rent, and get her pupils. His charities were many and varied ; and no one was so poor an object or so vile, by reason of sins or follies, as to be without the pale of his sympathy. He believed as firmly as he believed in his Bible that every man had a germ of good within him, and no matter how encrusted it might become by contact with what was wicked and bad, still this element of good never wholly perished, but was capable of being roused and of shining brightly, be the circumstances ever so unfavourable. His faith some- times received a severe shaking by instances of depravity and ingratitude, but was never overthrown ; and frequently he would reap a rich reward, as after long periods he would find that his efforts to do good had been successful, and one such case would console him for a dozen failures. And yet this man's name was never seen heading lists for charitable purposes, what he could afford he liked to give in his own way, and to be able to watch its effects, and for this his profession gave him special opportunity. Some of the would-be aristocracy considered him too brusque and ab- rupt, and thought he did not sufficiently bow down to their golden idol, for he paid no more attention to the rich man than he did to his gratis patient. Children everywhere loved him, and it alleviated some of the disagreeables of being sick to have dear Dr. Godfrey coming to see them. Ernest Brayliegh thought much over his friend's advice ; he felt sure Ruth cared for him, for she was a woman to discourage any advances that could only lead to disappoint- ment ; he knew that what his adviser had said was right, that he had no business to go on dreaming his life away, and he felt sure his home would be a happy one with his wife's trusted friend as its mistress. With this thought in his mind and his determination fixed, he bent his steps the following evening to the Grey's abode. He had not been there since the arrival of the new comer, and was somewhat disconcerted at first. But, alas ! for the stability of men's affections, Louisa's pretty face and languid manner capti- vated him. Ruth's faithful friendship, his wife's dying wish, his boy's welfare, all were forgotten in a moment, and he fell headlong in love with a pretty inanimate doll, utterly unable to appreciate him or to fulfil a mother's place to his little son. Before two months had elapsed he had proposed to her, and been accepted. He avoided Dr. God- frey ; he felt he could not face that plain spoken friend now, though he would not admit, even to himself, that his choice was unsuitable ; he knew too well how the doctor would regard it ; he tried to soothe his conscience by saying he had not promised his wife, and that he was not acting in a dishonourable manner as he had never asked Miss Grey. Forgetting, in his infatuation, that there can be asking without words ; that his daily attentions for three years past had compromised him as much as any words could have done. All their friends had supposed that his marriage with Miss Grey was only a question of time, and considered that it was in every way suitable. When Louisa carelessly told her aunt that Mr. Brayliegh had proposed to her, the shock was great, and it was some moments before she could control her voice to answer, but she said— " Do you love him, Louisa ? " " Oh ! Aunt Ruth, how romantic you are. Of course I like him well enough, and he has a handsome house and plenty of money, so I'm satisfied," said Louisa. " But have you thought of the responsibility of bringing up the little Reginald? it will be a great care for a young girl like you " " Why, aunt," was the reply, " you don't suppose I am going to bother myself with the child, that would be too ridiculous ; with plenty of servants, why should I have any responsibility ? The very word worries me. I do not think I am one of the responsible people. I am sure Mr. Bray- liegh would not like me to be troubled. Just see the lovely diamond ring he has given me," and she held up her finger on which sparkled a magnificent solitaire, and her languid smile brightened up with admiration. Jewels and fine clothes were the only things that could rouse this indolent listless being ; she seemed not to have soul enough to appreciate anything else. That evening Ruth told her father, now very infirm and almost in his second childhood. He started with surprise, saying in a short, sharp manner— " Why, Ruth, how's that? How's that? I thought you and he would make a match of it. Have you quarrelled ? " "We are now,"'said Ruth, "asl hope we always will be, the best of friends ; there have been no words of love between us, and he is free to choose a wife from where he please." "Very well, my dear, if you are satisfied I am, but I'm disappointed, I thought so highly of Brayliegh. And he to choose such an indolent, cold- blooded thing as Louisa, with neither mind nor heart. And besides, he knows nothing of her. Could'nt you tell him what she really is ? you and he are such good friends, and he might take it from you." "No, father, neither must you, one thing only I can do, and that is to try and make Louisa more worthy of his love and better fitted to have the care of Reggie." " Well ! well ! my dear, as you please, but I can hardly believe that a man like Brayliegh can have been taken in by such a girl as Louisa ; to think she should be poor Amy's successor!" And the old man wiped his spectacles and turned to his newspaper, visibly moved. Ruth did her best to improve Louisa, and make her sensible of the cares and duties she was undertaking, and to awaken in her mind a sense of her own unfitness for them. She might as well have tried to entertain a deaf man with music, to amuse a blind one with pictures of the most glorious landscapes ; or, in simple and more homely language, "to make a silk' purse out of a sow's ear." Louisa would listen, or seem to do so, to one of Ruth's kindest lectures, worded with the greatest care, so as not to wound a sensi- tiveness, which alas ! did not exist ; and on Ruth pausing to see the effect of her words, Louisa would lazily drawl out, " Is that Mechlin or Maltese lace on your new dress ?" Ruth would almost lose patience, but would again and again try to rouse her to some good, but in vain. Poor Ruth ! what a happiness it would have been to her to have devoted her life to this man and his child, for she loved him with a love that would endure until this world, with all its loves, hopes, fears, sorrows, and disappointments, should have passed away. Other love might succeed, faithful and true, but it would never obliterate the tender affection that had formed part of her very being. Dr. Godfrey was on terms of intimacy with the Greys, and loved and admired Ruth above all womeu, indeed rumour said that years ago he had asked her to be his wife and had been refused. However, we cannot vouch for the truth of this, for Ruth had too much delicacy to boast of such conquests, and, you may be sure, the doctor did not mention it. When Dr. Godfrey heard of Brayliegh's absurd engagement, he lost no time in seeking out his friend, to enquire into the truth of the matter. He was very blunt and spoke his mind openly, believing that his long and sincere friendship gave him the right to do so. "Why, Brayliegh," said he, "what's this nonsense I hear about you and Louisa Walsingham ? I have come to you to get your authority to contradict the rumour. What tattlers and newsmongers people are. I suppose they have confused the attentions you pay the aunt, and have credited the niece with them. When are you and Miss Grey going to be married? I wonder she does not give the mitten to such a lukewarm lover as you." "What you have heard, Godfrey, is true," said Brayliegh, looking confused and avoiding his friend's eye, "I am engaged to be married to Louisa Walsingham. Won't my old friend wish me joy?" trying desperately, but failing, to look at his ease. " No, Ernest Brayliegh, I won't wish you joy," said the doctor, impetuously, " and had any other man told me but yourself I would have made him swallow his statement for a lie," Then, changing his tone to one of entreaty, he said, " For God's sake, Brayliegh, listen to reason, and be warned in time. I know Louisa Walsingham a precious deal better than you do. You know I was in India when her parents were there, and knew them well. I was present when she was born, and attended her when she had scarlet fever, whooping cough, measles, and half a dozen other childish complaints. I looked at her from a different standpoint to what you do, and I know that her lymphatic tempera- ment is utterly unsuited to your highly nervous one. Why, man, that girl has no more soul than an oyster ; her veins don't run honest, red, warm, human blood ; but milk and water, sugar and water, or anything else sweet and in- sipid." " She is very amiable," said Brayliegh, "and you cannot deny she's pretty." "Amiable! pretty!" said Godfrey, with withering contempt. " Are these qualities to suit you in a wife ? Her amiability is laziness, and her prettiness that of a grown up doll. My experience, which has been pretty extensive, has proved to me years ago, that very amiable people are only so because their temperament is so sluggish that they can't get out of temper ; it's too much exertion for them. Some people may like that sort of person, but its neither you nor I. Give me the love of a passionate woman ; I don't say a bad tempered one, but one that has soul enough, and energy enough to be angry when she has a righteous cause, But, Louisa Walsingham !" And no words could convey the con- temptuous scorn with which he uttered the name. "She to stand in your dead wife's shoes, and be a mother to poor little Reggie. I cannot believe it. I won't believe it Bray- liegh." " You may, then, Godfrey," said Brayliegh, "and I do think you judge poor Louisa harshly and unjustly." " All right," said the doctor, " have it so, time will prove. A wilful man must have his way. But how about Miss Grey? Has she refused you? For you have never been so untrue to yourself, as after all these years dancing attend- ance, and leading her and everyone else to believe she would be your wife. You have never surely transferred your affections to the niece, without asking that sweet woman ?" Brayliegh coloured and looked most uncomfortable ; he said, " I am afraid, Godfrey, that I must forfeit some por- tion of your good opinion ; but you exaggerate matters, my manner has been only friendly to Ruth, and she can care nothing for me. It quite relieved all my anxiety on that point, when she spoke to me so calmly about Louisa wishing me every happiness. If her own heart had been interested I must have seen it." " Blind ! blind ! wilfully blind !" said the doctor, " do you think such a woman as Ruth Grey wears her heart on her sleeve for daws to peck at? That woman could go through martyrdom for one she loved, and show no tears or other signs of weakness. Perhaps its all as it ought to be, she is too good for you—fifty times too good. She is one of the excellent of the earth." " Why do you not marry her yourself, if you think so highly of her ? " said his friend. " Marry her ! I wish she would have me ; but it's no use, she cannot transfer her affections as readily as some people can. No, she is not likely to marry now, most likely she will live on to the end of her days unwed, conferring blessings and happiness upon all with whom she comes in contact—expecting none in return. She will live to a ripe old age, for, by jove ! she has a fine constitution, and she will go down to her grave beloved and, honoured. While I'm in a fortune telling humour I'll go on. You'll marry Louisa, and as such amiable, dolls are never good housekeepers, your house will be mismanaged, your servants will rule, your children will be neglected, for Louisa will have children very fast, those sort of women always do, a great deal faster than they learn how to take care of them. Louisa will spend your money, get you into debt and difficulty. Poor Reggie will be an alien and a stranger in his own home, and you, yourself, will become prematurely aged by the continued influence of worry and uncongenial companionship. For God sake, Brayliegh ! be warned, while there is yet time, tell her on thinking it over you find it won't do, or I'll tell her for you ; believe me, I'll make it plain enough, for even her dull brain to comprehend. Say the word and I'll go now," and he looked about for his hat and stick. "No Godfrey," said Brayliegh, " I should be indeed a coward, if I allowed you to do what I had not the courage to do myself. I have listened to more on this subject than I would from any other human being, because I know it all proceeds from your true friendship for me. I don't combat your arguments or questions of temperament, your judgment is worth more than mine. But she is young, and will improve, and then your proposition to break it off, consider her feelings, even if my own were not involved." (Continued on page 10.) (Continued from page 7. ) " Her feelings !" said the doctor, angrily, " what feelings has a pat of butter, or an ice cream, or any other inanimate object ? Well, Brayliegh, I have had my say, and done my duty, and done it in vain. But as for you, don't say in the time to come that I never warned you. Good-bye, old fellow, God bless you," and he trudged off, most suspiciously and loudly blowing his nose. Whilst Earnest Brayliegh sat over the fire, until the glowing embers changed to dull red, and then to gray, musing and revolving all the past events of his life, till they seemed to pass in a panorama before him ; his marriage, the birth of his little son, his wife's illness and death, through it all, Ruth Grey was ever present, as the good angel, the faithful counsellor, the wise friend. Then the time since his widowhood, Ruth still was a prominent figure ; to her he referred everything, consulted upon everything, his little boy called her aunt Ruth, and he loved her as if she were indeed his mother. As he thought over it all he knew in his heart he had given Ruth cause to think she was dear to him, and the knowledge gave him pain. Dr. Godfrey's warnings now echoed and re-echoed in his heart, what if the shrewd doctor were right : and Louisa, instead of adding to his comfort and happiness, should blight his life, and bring elements into it that had had no place before—disorder, debt and worry ? He flung these thoughts off, or tried to do so, impatiently, for neither the doctor's forebodings or his own reflections shook for one moment his resolution to take the fair Louisa Walsingham for his wife. So after a very short engagement they were married, Reggie staying with aunt Ruth till the honeymoon was over, and the ill-matched pair returned to their home. 