VICTORIA (PHILOSOPHICAL) IN- STITUTE, LONDON. We have received from the Hon. Secre- tary of the above society the following; with a view to its publication. Our re- cent intercourse with India will make the subject interesting :-" At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7 Adelphia Ter race, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said :-Take, as a prominent instnce, the birth stories. I need not here give de tails, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from Tusita heaven ; the Devas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mata-~which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted under such phrases as " Conceived by the Holy Ghost,"' "Born of the Virgin Maya," "Son of the heavenly host," "Presentation in the Temple and temp tation in the wilderness"--none of these is found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gau tama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts of deliverance at the hands of a god; but the man, Gautama Buddha, stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embel- lishment, are, certainly added, by later hands, and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likeness in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the in fluence, as I have before hinted, of the Christain story in India in the early cen turies of the Christain era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This a point which has been much overlooked; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagara-Gita, a theoso phical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the production of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting to adorn this creation of the Brahim poet, and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the Maha- Bha rata ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanction of the Bhagavat Gita. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also? Several home and colonial applications to join the institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to in vestigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible-a dis cussion ensued in which Mr. Hormuzd, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence 'n Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids and others, took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins's paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monu ments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins's statements." It has been decided that the Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr. Childers) shall se lect the delegate to represent the Aus tralian colonies on the Technical Commis sion, which meets in Paris next month, to consider the proposed widening of the Suez Canal The Agents-General of the various colonies have submitted to Mr. 'Childers the names of Sir Francis Dillon Bell, the Agent-General for New Zealand, and of Sir Andrew Clarke, formerly Sur veyor-General and Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands in Victoria, as suitable for the position. At the Ballarat city court on Friday, an ex-squatter named Thomas Elwood was charged with forging a bill for £150 on William Morrison. The prisoner who was brought up on habeas, was remanded till Friday next. A quantity of evidence was taken. Elwood is already serving a sentence of eight months for forging abill of £475 on the same person. A bill has been introduced into the New York State legisiature, the object of which is to enable a testator to prove his own will.while living. It proposes to al low the contents of a will so proved to remain secret until the testator's death, butto this many of the supporters of 'the. main principle are adverse. The French war steamer which was an nounced as having arrived at Albany a few da~ys.ago arrived in the Biy early on Sunday.morning, having been signalled off Cape Otway the previous evening. She is the Diehaffaut,.- a gunboat of 497 register, and 1,350 tons displacement. The Duchaffaut is an iron-clad vessel, built of oak, at Cherbourg, twelv years ago, and has been told off by the French Government to the New Caledonian station, to where she is now bound, to join the other cruiser, which make the sland their head quarters. Although comparatively speaking a small vessel, the Duchaffant has a rather formidable appear ance, and for her size she is singularly powverfully annruoured. A writ fdr £250 damages for alleged lible has been issued on behalf of Mr. Peter Campbell, by his 'solicitor, 3Mr. Walter Davies, against the Rev. John Watson .the editor of the Victorian Ban ter. The case will comd off about the middle of June. Mr. Purves and Mr. Hood have been retained for the plaintiff. Fears of a disaster at sea are enter tained in England and the United States, owing to the passenger steamer State of Florida, of the State.line, being con siderably overdue oe her passage from Glasgow to New York. Empty lifeboats, bearing the steaamer's name, have been picked up, and it is suppo?sed the vessel has fosrndered. 