THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. Dr. Thomas Browne opens the April number of this magazine with a paper on ' The Progress of Language.' He points out tbat aces sneniallv noted for their intelligent outbursts ' are not accompanied by a com mensurate moral development.' The prepa ration for the coming of the vates, the seer, the poetf is gradual. But when he conies he is received gladly and always comes to his proper place. 'The Iliad could not have been written in any tongue but Greek, nor the Divine Comedy in any other language than that of Italy.' Mr. Edmund Glanvillo's essay, entitled ' A Plea for Ghosts,' is a series of elegant extracts from various authors bearing on the subject of spiritual manifestation. Mr. David Blair returns with renewed zest and unimpaired energy to the castigation of Mr. G. W. Rusden's History of Australia. He vindicates the characters of several of the leading Victorian politicians from the charges made against them in that work. He charges Mr. Rusden with 'shameless per sonal defamation and historical falsification,' and rather laments that the 'historian' cannot be punished as in the days of duelling and cowhiding. Perhaps Mr. Blair ha3 exaggerated the bad points in this work ; moBt certainly he attaches far more im portance to such misrepresentations than the subject deserves. Mr. John Usher contributes the seventh part to his elaborate series of papers on 'Coal and the Coal-mines of New South Wales.' An interesting paper is written by Mr. Thomas HarriEon on 'Volcanoes and Earthquakes,' in which allusions are made to the catastrophes dt Casamicciola and Krakatoa. What must be a printer's error makes Mr. Harrison speak of 'a phenomena.' He would attribute volcanic eruptions to imprisoned steam. The Russian occupation of Merv fur nishes a text to Mr. Smyth, on which he iscourses about *' Russia and Eng land in Asia.' Since Dr. Donovan explained the worthlessness of Merv as a military sta tion, not much interest has been aroused by what used to be such a bugbear— Russian aggression in Asia. Mr. A. C. Donnelly regrets pathetically, nay, at times hysteri cally, the decay of faith. He is deeply grieved at what he sees, or thinks he sees, and asks himself a number of questions which he has not had time to answer. The usual review of the magazines brings a not very good number to a close. 