Tales and Sketches. THE PBIEST'S ghost. (From the Argonaut) .Oxb day in early July tie little Tillage street of Stalden was as crowded as a Parisian boulevard. On foot, on Horseback, carried in chairs, came pil grims fro m the old audtho new world, on u summer tour of the Alps, lialting liorc for a draught of the celebrated Dative wine before they continued their journey. The inn door was blocked up by a keen-faced, blonde-bearded. Ger man, whose alpon-stock and knapsack proclaimed him an Alpine climber; but the wrath of the new-comers sub sided when a glance through the door of the overflowing tavern left no doubt that his broad shoulders could have found no room within. He was look ing now in pleased surprise at a restless pair of horses' ears, and above them the dark face of a woman among the tourists crowding the shaft-like open ing of the street. The day before he had been only a few steps away from her, as she stood looking down dreamily on the Rhone valley from the ruins oE the Castlo of Tourbillon. She was then accompanied by two odd-looking men, one of whom (the taller), had eyes only for the terrors of nature, while the other (a little man) went into ecstasies over the red immortelles and .numerous butterflies. As the lady stood silently where the rock falls sheer down, for one moment our traveller had felt as if she alone with him could ap preciate the gloomy grandeur of the kmdecape. He had" stepped back re spectfully as the trio left the ruins, but a glance "from under her heavy black lashes had punished him for his too evident admiration. He wondered now which of the two peculiar men stiE be side her washer husband. That she was married seemed beyond a doubt, she made such a calm, determined effort to break through the crowd. She was checkdd by a dispute between her two companions, which disclosed to the stranger the fact that they were her brothers, that her name was Brigitta, and that she was the harmonizer of their continual discord. A movement of her horse next claimed her attention, and she became aware that he was investigat ing the blonde straDger, who was feed ing him with bread. "I beg your pardon," she exclaimed with a blush, as she recognised her mute admirer of Tourbillon. He only answered with kindly smile that seemed to increase her embarrassment. Presently the guides came back to their neglected animals, and the little caravan started. "With an almost im perceptible bend of the head, Brigitta had parted from the traveller, but the eager interest in her eyes was marked by Michael, the more powerful of her two companions, who, believing it a criticism on himself and his brother, crushed it accordingly with a martial glance. Presently the stranger found himself alone, except for a few unemployed guides anxious for an engagement. One of them finally addressing - him elumsily: ' "Would the gentlemen like to cross the Monte Moro into Italy ?' ' At this time of year? Xo!' smiled the German, with an observant look at the youDg fellow, in whose eyes lay something sinister and unsteady. 'But I must earn something,' the guide insisted, holding out a well-worn book for inspection. 'My name is Furrer. "We are three brothers, from Saas. One of us is sick with nervous fever, at home, and the other has set up housekeeping and has no money left.' The stranger glanced at the book in which tourists had written their testi monials, and looked up surprised, for all languages bore witness to the strength and coolness of Alois Furrer, of whom several books of travel had spoken as a celebrated, and reliable guide. Over coming his distrust of Furrer's hangdog look, the traveller said kindly: 'I have a glacier-climb on hand, and am fortunate in securing ho famous a guide. "Were you ever .on a certain Fairy Alp ?' Furrer's face turned ashy white as he said, hoarsely: ' What do-you want there ?- There is no hotel' . ' The view of the Fairy Glacier muBt be glorious from the Mischabolhorm' 'It is,' said Alois, with a deep sigh. ' Well, I will go with you. We can reach Saas to-night, and ' i 'I prefer to go over the .Zermatt, interrupted the stranger; and as Alois shook his head, ho continued, ' My feet are like steel, and my head never swims.' ' The conditions wero soon agreed upon. The stranger Was liberal, and Furrer (like most of his class) had. a certainrough chivalry in money matters; so'they began their climb on the best of terms, and reached the Hotel Monte Bosa in time for dinner. Our friend cast a rapid glance down the table, and discovered what he was looking for. A slight consciousness came into his face as the waiter placed him opposite the fair object of his pursuit, and she sat silent and unsympathetic between her brothers. ' Presently a fresh quarrel between them was diverted by seeing that their usuallv reserved sister was in conversation with her vis-a-vis. He was telling her the object of his journey. ' I give out that it is in the cause of science, but really it is'only for a romantic memory of my childish days. An old botanist, a friend of our family, in wandering over these districts had come upon a detached Alp, quite sur rounded by glaciers, called the Fairy Alp. Xo* matter what subject was started, he always came back to the fact that the-Fairy Alp was the most beauti ful thing he had ever seen. So it was the dream of my boyhood, and has become my longing as a man. Every thing that I have seen seems colourless beside the magic of that unseen glacier island. My studies were influenced by it—at least, I hoped that by studying the ice-age, and investigating erratic blocks, I might find the solution of my crystal riddle, the Fairy Alp. My dread is now that some elemental cata clysm, something never before heard of, will keep me yet from the sight of it. Fou see,' the stranger concluded, with an embarrassed smile,1 that a scientist of thirty years may be a child.' Brigitta inquired where this Fairy Alp lay, and naturally wondered why he did not go directly from Stalden; but his confusion made her repent her question, and her brothers came to the rescue. ' Strange flowers, and ancient trees, and a pretty Sennerin,' gurgled the younger. ' My old friend said nothing about her; but if she existed she must be slightly faded by this time,' laughed the stranger. After more conversation, the brothers offered to accompany him on his expedition, introducing them selves as Michael and Theodore Honner brecht, and learning that his name was Waldemar Faltenberg. Some days passed before the weather was suitable for their undertaking. Meantime Waldemar's intercourse with Brigitta had returned to a formal basis. He learned from the travellers' book that she was Madame Monten, and from her brothers that her husband had been dead for years. Michael Bpoke of him as such a model of manly ac complishments, unwearied Bportsman, climber, runner, athlete, swimmer, that Waldemar felt an icy wind nip the tiny bud of sentiment in his breast. Yet before they started Brigitta suddenly restored him to favour by speaking to him confidentially of her fears for Michael, and ended by placing her brothers under his special care. They Btarted at midnight that they might cross the icefields while thej were still hardened by the night frost, and the Donnerbrecht brothers held out better than was expected. On they plodded, until at last the jpale light over the highest peaks turned red ; and as they halted painting on the height in snow knee-deep, the sun rose bravely on a world of ice, and snow, and dark ridges of rocks—a world of death and desolation. ' We have left the worst behind,1 said Alois to Waldemar, as they began the descent, sinking deep in the snow atv every step. At Inst they came to firin. ground, a narrow ridge between two glaciers. Perhaps because Michael was frightened at the depths on cither hand, he had gone down where the rock sloped like a roof for some fifty feet, and ended in blue air. Suddenly Alois gave a loud warning cry, and tried to throw the rope he held around the point of the rock in front,-but it was too Bhort. Then came a despairing pall, and a dark mass rolled down the rocks. It was , Michael, who ha( slipped and fallon." Then the pull 01 the rope that bound them all togcthe: catno on Theodore, and carried hin down. Waldemar saw that witl his own uncertain footing hi must irrevocably follow tlio othe; two, and Alois could not withstand tin united weight of three men. Ho cami to .a rapid decision. With a glanco a: the abyss on his left, and a warning crj to Alois when the pull came on him, h< sprang over tho precipice on tho oppo site sido from tho other two. Aloii understood him, and quick aB 'lightning let out a few coils of rope. Then hi fastened tho ropo by which Waldomai hung, securely to a rock, and tho nox moment Michael and Theodore begar to climb tho slope; but when they re gained the ridge Waldemar still swung -in mid-air, seeking in vain for a foot hold in the smooth wall. Then Fnrrei knotted the reserve rope several- times and giving one end to tho rescued men threw the other to Waldemnr, who was thus drawn up to firm ground, while Alois gave a trembling cry of joy, and the others were too moved to speak. They proceeded more cautiously, and at last stood on the upper gallery, of a glacier amphitheatre. The icefields hung like monstrous tiled roofs from the pyramid of the Mischabelhora down to tho glittering ice .terraces that descended in narrowing semi-circles to tho valley. And in the midst a tahle rock, with sloping plains, rose from tho frozen wares of the glacier streams surrounding it. Covered with pale green grass and dark pines, the island lay like an oasis in a crystal desert; inhabited, too, for a lilliputian figure Was looking up at them. ' ' There it is!" said Alois, pointing in agitation that neither love of nature nor the danger just passed could ac countfor. ' The Fairy Alp!' whispered Walde mar. At the same moment the clear .cry of a woman's voice was repeated by the echo from all the mountain sides. A long call from Furrer made answer. ' You are in luck,' he said. Sery is here already with her goats. Generally she is in • Mattmark at this season.' Alois seemed to think that he, too, was in luck. Where is Mattmark ?' inquired Waldemar. ' At the foot of Monte Moro.' Waldemar understood now Furrer's offer to take him over the Monte Moro pass. 'Who is this Sery?' ho asked. 'Her name is Seraphine Imhorn. She is an orphan. Her parents lived in Saas,' answered Furrer, with a quick, mistrustful glance at Waldemar. The figure that had called to them stood still, watching them as they ap proached. When Waldemar set foot on the grass, he stood astonished at the girl's clear-cut, colourless features, and well developed yet delicate figure, and although at Zermatt he had seen braids as blonde, skin as white, and features as fine, tbe young Sennerin made an uncanny impression on him. Ton are early this year, Sery,' cried Alois, hurrying to her. ' Adieu, Alois, bIic said, with tho for mula used in- that region for woleomo asfor farewell,ignoring bis outstretched hand. ' Where from now ?' " Zermatt, The gentlemen nearly j loBt their lives trying to see your Alp.' | 'The Laughing Imp does that,' said Pery, with every sign of fear. Walde mar found some difEculy in understand ing her guttural speech. 'I heard him laugh yesterday, and when -I counted my llock, my prettiest kid was gono. I ast summer he stole a goat ana two kids.' i ' They fell into a crevasse,' said Alois, ashamed to share Sery'a superstition in tho presence of the strango gentlemen.' ' Yon never saw the Imp.' ' Last summer a great yellow head camo above that block, there, and laughed.' 11 ' if 1 bad my gun,' and tho gontlomon stay long enough - ' Don't do that, Alois,' said the girl, earnestly. ' If you shoot at a spirit tho bullet will wound you. And who knows what the Laughing Imp would do to us? It is not ns it used to bo on the Alp—look at tho ice-wall tliero that was far enough away last summer, and now it hangs almost over our beads. I pray to too Blessed-Mother of God every night, and go all over the Alp witli holy water, so that the-Ihm throw tho wall on us.' v *04t . ' That ice-wall needH no evil sniw-u • raako it fall,' remarked Waldem^ " 'But unless some unforeseen oh cumstanco loosens it from the reBt i tho glacier, it will molt away with™ danger in tho course of a month' Sery nodded, ' Yes, the smoke fros the good ice-queen's chimney will it,' and she pointed to some Bmall whit clouds rising from one spot in a glittering mass. Waldemnr was i vexed at this way of taking his snap?, and natural explanation. '"Where heat and moisture moet vapours arise,' he began, but Sery hit! vanished into her hut to get them mill and cheese. _ ! ' A strange young creature,' he sail : to Alois. 'What does she do ir winter?' ' Sery is not poor.' said Alois, proudly ' She has a house in Mattmark, and the Alp belongs to her. Besides, she knom so many fairy-tales and legends that everybody would be glad to have her.' ' She seemB to havo some education too. At least she understands High German.' Furrer turned pale and looked down. ' Father Jules, who used to live in Saas took a great interest in her.' ; ' ' Ana where is the priest now?' 'He was a fine climber,' panted Alois, as if he had been running.1 ' He used to guide people for money overtbe glacier. Two years ago he was drowned in Lake Mattmark. He turned giddy, and then he fell in, I suppose.' 'Such a good mountaineer?' said Waldemar. ' Anybody can turn giddy,' returned Alois. '"Besides, no one knows rightly ; the water was too deep to"find'the body.' The Donnerbrecht brothers decided to go on to Saas that day, rejoin their sister, and start for Kyssel. This seemed to please Alois, but the corners of his mouth drooped low, and his un steady eyes flickered peculiarly when Waldemar declared his intention of spending tho night and perhaps the following day on tho Alp., This was not to prevent the brothers from reach ing Saas that evening, and it was agreed that Alois Bhould accompany them. ' That i'b, if you will trust Sery with me until to-morrow,' be said, looking at the guide with such mischievous good nature that Alois looked away uneaaly. ' Will you take care of this gentle man?' he said to Sery,.a8 she gave her band to the brothers in farewell. . She nodded with the seriousness of a matron and tho unconcern of a child. Then the party set off, and Waldemar and Seaphine sat together through tho twilight. As she told him legend upon legend of the good and evil spirits, and" tho poor souls that do penanco in the ice-nelds, ho thought her voice, with its deep gutturals, was like tho low cooing of tho wood doves in his native land. The bight fell; the mysterious glow faded from the sky, and only Seraphme's white faco shimmered through the dark ness. Ho followed her like a. sleep walker when she showed him his straw pallet in a shed, and commended him to the protection of the saints. When he trieu to take her hand she had vanished in tho darkness. So ho climbed into.the shed, and groped about for tho pallet, and slept at last with his head on his knapsack. About midnight ho was wakened by a singular noise, as if a garment hung with glass or icicles were brushing against tho walla. Tho next moment ho attributed it to rats, and laughing at his short breath and beating heart, ho opened tho door of tho shed. Bach beam of Sory's hut was distinctly vieiblo in tho light of the moon that stood full above tho Fairy Glacier. Suddenly Waldemar started back. J'rom tho little Scnnorin's door a dark shadow slid, vanished among tho trees, and appeared again on tho glacier leading to tho valley. This liguro did not hover spirit-wise, but now climbing, now jumping, followed all tho irregulanties of tho ice. Mistrust of Sery and anxiety for hor struggled in Wnlderaar; anxiety won, and ho approached hor hut. She was praying aloud most fervently and as Waldemar- had no wish to nry her secrets, ho slipped back to his shea and wrapped his Htiffened limbs in his plaid. Sery hcrsolf waked him the next morning. She did not droop her great spiritual eyes before his searching look, but said, quietly; < If you are going to Saas, I will guide you across tbo glacier.' 61 "Why,'" said Waldemar, 'it was arranged, that I should wait here for Alois. • 'Alois'and I must never meet again, saidSery. 'He talks about my being his wife, and that is impossible.' 'Why?! Sery dropped her eyos and blushed ' Because last night I promised a poor soul in pain never to marry my whole life long. I am going to Our Lady of the Steps to make the vow. But you must not stay on the Alp.' 'Didyou make such a vow as that to & ghost last night ?' asked "Waldemar, doubting the girl's sanity. ' "Who was W 'The dead priest, whispered Sery. 'He came last night, and, after he had breathed my breath, that he might speak with the living, he told.me that it was not Alois who pushed him into Lake Mattmark, as everybody thinks, but a crazy shepherd. And then ho said he was kept out of heaven by a sinful earthly love, and can never he re deemed until a young girl whose lips have never been touched by a man shall make a vow of perpetual maidenhood be fore Our Lady of the stops. I promised him to.do it, and he went away in the hope of solvation.' ' You don't know the object of this earthly love ?' asked "Waldemar. ' No,' she answered, lifting her true hearted, innocent eyeB to his. 'And you recognised your dead friend ?' 'I heaTd him, and felt his breath, said Sery, shuddering at the recollec tion of the dead man's kiss. ' They never found the body,' said Waldemar, thoughtfully, remembering the dark figure on the glacier. ' But theD,' he reasoned, ' why should a man in the almost sovereign position of priest in one of the valleys give himself out for dead ?' He gave up the riddle. 1 You must not go alone,' he added. 11 will go with you, and help you pray for the repose of his soul.' (To be continued,) 