tue bowral FREE press, and mlttauo.s-a, btjrrawano, AXt> kanoaloon Advocate SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1884. A writer in the Ji&ston; Herald ,has mudo u. powerful plea for the obolition of capital punishment. The arguments he advances for the support of his views are that the fear of death is not a doteront of the awful crime of murder, but rather that the custom of public hangings have been a frightful menus of hardening humanity and loading from seeing' to feeling the horriblo eud ta the criminal's career. The sort of false eclat that the love of the sensational has drawn even to the gallows, has it is true surrounded this infamous climax of life's history, ami has had the effect of robbing it of its terrors and shame, and has invested it with the martyr's glorious sacrifice, in stead of the felon's condign and ignominious doserte, There can bo no donht of the im morality of public executions, and of the debasing influence they exercise upon all who witness them, as well as upon the minds of the unfortunates about to softer. Our pleader for the obolition of the extreme penalty of the law tells us that during a cer tain term of years 167 persons were hanged, and out of those 16á had been accustomed to attend executions. They had, with refer ence to this dreadful and solemn spectacle, verified the parts predictive with regard to vice, which he describes as a " Monstur of such hateful inein, That to be hated has but to be seen : But seen too often, farmiliar to its face, Wo first endure, then pity, then embrace," Most likely every one of these 164 had been taken from childhood to behold the revolt ing and sickening sight, from which at first they shrunk with fright and dismay ; but by degrees these feelings were changed into a morbid love of horrors, and so on till that which at the commencement repelled and disgusted, at the end was as delightful and entertaining as a set)ne in a highly demor alising play. So much then for some of the reasons against capital punishment which its opponents a,re desirous of changing into, life imprisonment, or, to use his own words, " perpetual confinement, certain and immut able. Hard labor for life ; its produce for the public benefit. The silent system each day of one month and on the anniversary of the crime. A strict exclusion from that outer world in every way, and the perusal of religious books alone permissable. The mostfrugalfarecompatiblewithhealth. The prison to bo exclusively appropriated to con victs who havo committed murder; to be built on an elivated visible, but secluded spot ; to have a black flag waving from its summit, and on its front inscribed : ' The Grave of the Murderer.' " There is no doubt the great majority of criminals would prefer death to incarceration even under existing circumstances where good behaviour holds out a prospect of a commutation of their sentences ; and how muoh sooner than if they had their choice would most of them bail with delight the extinction of their being to the slow and lingering misery of a really hopeloss and everlasting imprisonment. But the ques tion is, would the 'dreadful penalty of a living grave—consignment to a dishonor able tomb—be a surer deterent from murder than the divinely appointed penalty of " a life for a life ?" Punishment is not so much a taking vengeance upon the culprit for his iuiquity as a warning against the commis sion of like offences. The assassin has killed his victim and ho should die the death of a murderer ; but it is exceeding the demands of justice to subject him to years and years of wretchedness and despair. Yet, if this punishment should be more effectual than the giving up of the ghost without prolonged corporeal sufferings and mental anguish of perpetual imprisonment, then by all means let it supercede capital punishment. But such is not the case. The horrors of Siberia, the fiendish tortures of the Inquisition, or the dark cruelties of the Bastile, have not abated the blood thirsty and the blood-shedding propensities of tho nations upon whom they have been tried. 'In Russia the Siberian banishmont is eternal death ; in life, a very typo and foretaste of Dante's Inferno. Yet how little its horrors have kept in check the crimes of the country where it exercises its powers. No, adiiug to, and prolonging the bodily torments of criminals, will never doter from crime. Tbo free application of our Educa tion Act and the extension of Bauds of Hopo among tho rising race will gradually lessen wickedness, and in a happy future do away altogether with capital punishment. 