Dramatic. The Daii Barry Dramatic Company visit Albury on 15th November. Mr. John Robsoh has been giving a series of Shakspearian recitals at Ballarat. j The experiment of female QBhera is shortly to be made at one of the New York theatres. Sir Julius Benedict's latest "work is " A Spriug.Love Song," which is be:omiagthe rage. The Lynch Family are touring down Queensland, en route for Sydney and Mel bourne. ' I- Messrs. Sims and Pettit's stirring melo drama, " In the Banks." passed its 300th night at the Adelphi in the beginning of October. Lulu Hurst, the ' Georgia strong girl," is now in Sin Francisco There is a probability of her visiting Australia. A delegation of musicians were to visit Vienna On the fortieth anniversary cele . bration of Strauss'a first appearance. On Monday last Mr. John Radcliffe and Madame Pauline .Rita performed at the town-hail, Brisbane, under dislingnished patronage. The 4< Fun on the Bristol" company open in Danedin on Boxing Night, under the management of Mr. J. P. Maoionald. " The Silver King" is likely to follow. It is thought that Mr. Wallack will buy " Woman and the Law," Mr. Wallack him self playing the part of Marcos It is a great success in the English provinces. They are great on nicknames in America. Le tt a is the 44 dramatic cocktail," and Western writer now alludes to Lawrence Barrett as a 44 human seidlitz powder." Miss Amy Sherwin, the Tasmanian singer, has returned to London, and is now fulfilling an engagement to sing on alternate nights with Madame Enriqaez as prima donna at the promenade conceits at Co vent Garden. The conductor of the French Dramatic Bureau has . adapted 44 Serge Panine," the failure of Daly's Theatre, for Mrs. Langtry. It will be played first at Bristol this month j then in London on 13 th January. For the Ghost in 4 Hamlet " at the Ifcteit London production. Mr. Wilson Barrett selected Mr. Dewhurst, who wac the Holy Clement in 41 Ci&udian; at the Princess's week or two before. The invisibility of Hamlet's father is a point scarcely yet deter mined hn. ; Intelligence comes from New York to the effect that Mien Virgiline Griffen, a daughter Of the American Qonvul at Auckland, it aboDI to enjber the dramatic profession. This U the young lady who in her babyhood ihSpiH® the muse of George D. Prienttee, the ' Atnaj can poet. She teolever and decidedly haw some, and is related to the celebrated Mwy Anderson. With these combined ndvan- tagcs, Miss Griffen should make her way upon toe stage. The rumours as to the probability -tt popular dnnseuse Mies Kate Vaugpan «w being DucbesB of Wellington toto . -j ludtaronsly wide of the mark. Wellestey (lately divorced from biswifehte whom she fo eaidto.be married, iB oo»_ tofother of rHw Jpreaent Duke WefiingWfc 