GJiXJ?n.!LXX]VSM Gou;i,nni si.,,,t-; n i.mI ?;'-.??! ^^KJ9 ?Sraall-poxutTiwci-CT.-!!'.1.!, NX, ^^H^B lour tb.-,u-,'Ui.-l I.'.. '?? a .i.i- (0 Kh^^B^I As»emb!v aijouni.-.l iim'/iI thtsV.ii 1'^^^^| Duke of Jl.-uioli-snii- vUiihm Noitli QuaHjflM laud. ^,^a Sl-.ojli of an cart:in:u!ie in the Unit V$M States. ' i3m Two more casus of small-pox in Mel bourne. this session. ' 1 Sir Juliiu \'o^:il f.jmiiny a new ministry in j Kc«- Z.'iilaml. | 'Pussy '' a nnxious animal in (iie Sjdney j shc-oii distrid. ' 1 l.':it-.iPih made ili api^aivince amjug llocks j in Qa: cn«i;ia.l. 1 'Oiifford and layock ' will be the next j sculliut; niiitcli. 1 Marquis ol Xorinanby rvtur.ial to the family \ seat at W'hiiby. } J-'ii-sl wool of ilm sca-ou reached Jlolboarnc ! from X.S. \V;i!,;/. i lirili.ili j ri--,-i:ir:itc io be established over 1 pint ol X-.-w Guinea. Saiall-pox -.(..-cin] tr.iiu to Orange co=t£07, : and liioney well !.|.ent. Sir l-lrajm s VVilsoi, the eminent London s'jrKCun, dead, ukl-'I 7-1. ?»- ...- . _ i ? t. ? ? j1._a.3_ ..vj *. iiiliuni'in.uiiaii'j .;i;v.-:, uniuug iulhuu- ? laid..- iecij.-i.jnls uf the free fowl. :d l..us aday of impprs au.l iieriodicals go through ihc X-I-w York i-on .j:lico. Chinest niav tlio la^om Hiouj;u(. it vvas the f r.'iuJi ' 1 e'.tec awny ' at Keelun^. Oo'iccri in fii.I oC tbe Church o£ England, Caiul'lo, to be? Jifl.l oa ihc :inl of .Sejitnmber. Tl.c ' si- nioi-'i' mission scorns to be to yelp at our iieils and be scorns to gloiy in it. Victory's Xi-w Zealana meat in youd oon.1iti.iii, and rcali=od 'iM. per lb. in Lon .liiii. 1'. anil O. Co.'s new sti-suner Tasmania did 151 knots an hour on her trial trip on the Civile. .\ g -neral iinprcd.-iu!i ,^iins ground that our mciuiK- i-s li.ivc i'M in on liic railway iiucs tioa. ttailway schoui^ all f.wov lines to tlic howl ing wil.lcrncss, whure it ttilius ten acre.? to leod a. fhot'p. Postal conference to bo held at Lisbon in October. t-ir Ouorge Macleay will represent N.S. Wales. murder of his brother at Brighton, Victoria, is t' biSi-xeculeil. Govommont will not grant any compli mratary ticl;e1s !or the CHon limes or Mudgeo railway fu.-tiviiies. TlieUoulbuni Anglican Synod closoil it3 Killings un l-'riday of last week. The cathedral onlmniiue duly jw?.seJ. Anutlier contract let fvir the never (obe flnishel, siu.l no-good-when-it-is-finUheJ, Moruva brenkwulcr. Heavy hailstorm at Muilsee on Saturday last. Feed iibuiiJant about iludgee, and the CCU1U17 looks sulcndiil. 5 The girl Kosanna l'lummer, under sentence in Melbourne for child minder, has been i pardoned ami discharged. I Sir Julius VoLTel formed a. Ministry ill New Zealand. He keeps the Troasurershin, with precedonee over the Premier. Hfewdon and Uacklcy apply for permission to mine for gold on 5 acres at Boulder Hill, part of Ihp WogoiiRa Reserve. 5Ir. Salumons. Q.C., holds iliat projierty cnmiol be rated fur lighting unless it derives bonefit or advantage from the lights. Tbe gold discovered at Wombat, near Youu.a, is causing considerable excitement. Tiie stone i* said to he very rich in Rold. Mr. A. G. Taylor editor of the Tribune. If his l-en h as vicious as his tongue there will be lively times in the newspaper world. An exchange nays ' there are upwards1 of I.lrt ' inv-ifncEiViii.il ' pniT.^riii-.i^ in limm.' How many amateurs are there, we wonder. The steamer Xell, which went ashore at Galio Island, has been repaired and floated, and goes on to her original destination, ;tne Uinpslan.l IaUoj. ' ' li is, m-opnseel In ru;h tbe Lsnul Bill through til-; Ujnicr Huus-e ' wiih. all possible haste.' We Fancy ilia ' l.orJs '' will have a say in that nv.iUvi', however. ai ?.huOuii.'i'uiuciu land sale- at Buugen dorf, buyers att.nnledfrom Tw, G-oulburn, JjraiJwood.Qiicanbu'yan.TardLjo, etc. Tiie lots olli'i-o.l bruuglil aniud)iri«s. . Ai Parrainntta, on Saturday ni;;ht, a woman altcmptinj; 10 cross tho rails' by a short cut ; W.-.6 kuuclicii duwn by a truck, and so terribly j injured that siic died within an hour. fir Thomas Jlclhvraith, late l'riemier of -lu ensland. volurncil by the M.M.S.S. ; Yar.a iu Mdhoiirno, goiiij; thence overland : and 011 to Qnciiiisl.mil by the Wavrogo. i , At .Albury, owing t,i part of a iiarapot of a buildir.f; giving way, a workman nimrd Pallon fell to the ground from a height of 4.0 feet, biraking b^Hi of liis arm* and I113 thighs. At Ci-i.'swick, Vie., n woman fell down a GO fo A shift on Saturday nigln. ana wlien pulled u.i on Sunday, wit'j her jaw bone broken and considerably bruised, s'ne wanted to walk home. ? llr. B. R. Vi.-e, hamster, doliveredanable lecture ill tho Sydney School of Arts on Free Trade, lie seemed to convince working men t'mt it was to their interest to sipport Free Trade. Tho wheat harvest iu full swing in England nni on Hie continent. Prospects o£ the yield Kooil, but juices must be low, seeing that imported wheat is only worth 4s. Gd. pet bushel. Australian ensign, the white ensign of the JJrilish navy with the five stars of the cross ad.ied, has been tabooed by thn Admiralty. The Lontlm Spectator thinks the action a childish one. At, Teniora, a boy leading a horse attached io a load of wash dirt, fell ou his back in a rut in front of the animal. One of the wheels of the Vihicle passed over the boy's stomach uil'iout injuring him. A m m named Costa in custody fora daring attempt 10 pa?s a forged pro. note for £3,500 on a money knd T named Isaac Himmellioch. The name of Hardy Brothers, jewellers, was the one imitated. South Australim Government propose a land tax of a Jialf-peuuy in the pound, an income tax of -id in the £ from incomes derived from invested capital aud 3d in the & on professional and trade earnings. Mr. Barnet, colonial architect, considers the commission who reported on the l'ost Office carvings incompetent judges. This is the san:§ Bamet that led the Government into' the mess over the Garden Palace estimates. .4 fair dainfel at Grattou has been in the habit of attending Salvation Army meetings against her father's exnre£6e 1 wishes. The stem parent created a scene one Sunday afternoon by removing her forcibly from her comrades. There is uudouttedly a ' smoking- room contingent ' in the House. Mr. Heydonsays, who never take xiavt in its clelibsrations but who rush in at the sound of the division bell to vote p.% directed Uy the Govern ment. A female inebriate created a stir in the Hay Police Court tbe other day. Thelieuch fined her £2 or 11 month, irnil hnnvmrr il,A sentence she rushed at the apprehending constable and gave him a rough time of it. For this little freak she got an extra three months. ' -3uid ' in a letter to the Herald unearths Hie iniite forgotten fact that a sea fig-lit tdo]c place oil' Sydney Heads in Novtinl)2r ISOt between a 'British ship, tho Policv, and a J-)it--1) ship, the Swift. T/ie Dutchman was captured and sold as a prize iu Syduev. Ki\:,;,:;i .Vi'irs trying hard to escile puu'le sympathy for the foreigner Andersen. .So far as it lias gone, well. But the folly of o!li-r foreigners being alarmed isdrawinga litile too much on tbe imaginative. The magistral, s made a mistake no doubt, but wo fancv U:e fm'i of tli-- man being a foreigner did n't bring him mm. r 1 lie lash. Mr. A. Eyrie, M.P., writes to the JJrai Jwo d hhjMtch that notwithstanding Hie cool je ce;- ion accorded to the deputation h.^ I ns ?iil hopes that the line will be included i the tiovernmenl projxjsals. Clearij- Jir. Ey.ie is not to lie shaken off, and is made of tt r u. 1 aiiftbej'alf-hcaited blunderer who reprcscut (?) our district. ^^?uefoliowing^iiTibkoccunviM is rr1 ? ,1 ^^?b» Cllmhtn r 7Viiim :— ?' JIv. ' . '-1 ..idii, ^^^,[ Mr. 1-Vu;-ris M'Mnliou. -I.:'.. . I ' \ ^^^^bj late arrivill in the colony ) w. j ' :i ;: ^^^?ju llie Womlburn farm. As customary ^^^^Ptie day's wnrk »-.n over the two youni; ^^Hrrelurneii to tlie padilock to make up tho Ks for the nir,l« ? While in the act of vlacinR ?l ciws buriH-r on n fiill.Mi ivc, aiinlhc:- p.u ^Ftially br.nil tree tell, nrnsliins iho two unfrr deceased, heard some of Ouill's people crying fnr hfh) anil liastencil lo the spot, wlicrc he tound poor young Quill just bieatluug his last. 'rSta. e^oOT Wine. - The under si'-m-d bavins lnrj.'1 stoeks of Port A\ mes, Jre prepaid to sell at Uw following low A-ices, quality and conditiuu guaranteed :— J^o 1 in 1 dozen cases. «t 25. - per case, nice dinner wine ; Xo 2. in 1 -dozen ra-es, at 30/ per case, Mijicriur dinner wine; No .-, in 1 do-eu r-isps at 35 - per case, g-ood and full bodv No' 4. i» 1 -dozen cases, at 1,V- per case, 'a' tawiicy wine; No. ?-, in 1-d.wen rise* at SS - per e:iso, u rich aud luscious wine'- No ?;. in one-do/ru cases, at 70 - per case, 'very old: an invalid's wine Frrifiht free. ^-» orncnuET pU-iw rfa to which -]i.:.litv i-eqnired Ti-kxeb tiud Lo., Sussex Street' North. Sydney. . Tlie demand for this Rival American remedy in this part of the world has become so great that the Hop BnU-rs Co., whose headquarters nrc fit Rochester, New York, L.S.A. have been compelled to open a laborlory in Mel bourne. It will be in charge of Jlr. M. H. Van 13cv--, i\ Reiukman of many years, experience with Ibis company and the trade wav be nssuied ot veccivinfi goods equnl to tlie parent house, aud the most courteous treat ment The H. B. Co., have establishments at London, Paris, Belgium, Hollau.l and anada, and tlieir bitters arc the best known medicine in the world. ? 