I A LADY'S MELBqtJBNE GOSSIP [?] MlEtBOTON E.. has .been lidldlng high holiday daring Eaater week, and itd streets hare been crowded with the people who usually tnhe advantage of the ;cheap fares -so go'nerotitly pro- vided by a popular goyornmen|. It is Usual at holiday time'to mention the sitrangors with sun-tanned faces, also to notice their behaviour in tho thoroughfares,'. .where Ithe sign hoards' seem.;; to pfford; so":n»uoh instruction and amusement both...o these, and t|io'ir critics.. The lovely weather d'oubtleBB, was the means .of, attactipg to'the'eity many inore than usual. The eclipse of the'mUdn'was pdpularly thought to have some effect on the weather, and many anxious looks were djrected to tho cloudy sky on Tburs. '.day night, but although the clouds shut out tho moon and all hopp of witnessing tho eclipse they were liy nb.meansindicatiyo of, ruin.- Although a ll !hua;i.uuii aw hub pleasant onough out of dooro, and on Saturday the enjoyment of cloudless skies began. People who havo lived in Europe notice how very differently Australians observe Eastor, although the festivals ia Europe are not so popularly observed as thoy used to be. We, however, follow tho universal custom of sending Eastor cards to our f riohds, odri'Edster. eggo! .which thojf rurally jmindod are ihoi pleased- to receive in tho'cicy' than Any other presont, udIobb it bo the poultry, which is gonerally plumper than tho lnjlf-starved and anoient fowls one is accustotnhd to', bdy'tin town 'at;'tlus' sea|on.;? !-Toi vjsitj- the imotrop'olitan railway1 'station and to boo "tho "many parcels arrive from tho country rela tions of citizens is quite a study iu natural history. Rabbits. and hares" biitchorod to make a Victorian holijlsly, after a oomoWhat difforont fashion to tho gladiator immortalised by Byron, aro sent down by train in bowildoring noaDs. Tlio supercilious . booking clorka staro njjhnet„at . the unusual " gooda,'v.and Imaino-for tho- tiino that thoy aro transported bysomoovil fortuno.: tft l» market! : The .caicklin'g of geeBoand tho, gobbling of turkoys add to tho noiso, and' thoso unlucky birds soqm jto wondor what is to bo-' como' of , them away, from their nativo farm yard. Huehod suddenly , would bo! their1 gobbling and cackling did' they but know thojernet fato ineitprO; for them.' ' Like, the. Unfortunatq, com- inhions ,qf .Ulyasos, tbo fattest go ilrit to slaughter.' : From tho poultry to: tho consumors'tnrn we, apd soo howtthey spend their' holidays., / The passenger by tpin, finds, tap , seats takoii up by long., rodp, and baskets destined for the ffsh , which, amateur fisjiermen are, qo sanguine of .catching. So/no of the B'portBmen tabo With- them as !many .implements 'as, would"' aufEcO for the captii.repf the seaserpent, but. unfoWuhathly 'their b hqpea , , of "a draught' of. ..fishes" are too often bligbted..!.Sarcastic friends incline to say in the words 'of Charmiaif tb Ol.eoi' patra1;// ' i " Twos merry wh'sh'- ' -.''W1" ' . . Yoii wdared 'dn ybnr inkling; vjhen Did haSg a edit flsh'tni his'hook,- whioh fie'". With fervency drew np." V . No jeqpJ'supcCMlFui.,.are..the i amateurs; who borrow a rusty gun in order to' go! for.a day'si shboting. Eveh with' the aid'Of;thd'ChoiSthf!ferfet8 they fail to' return- laden wjth'.sppnsef . the', cliasp.whiqh, yere tbeyinproportion to | liighjhopes,. would- not-ibe 'carried1 home in a-iwaggoni; 'Tbo' Often do! Bome" of ' the' s'pbi'tpmhh ' 'rethrn com- pahiohleBSj/fpr there ,is!a. fpplish , cus-, , to jri ' 1 preyiilent "amongst „ young , men; who tyust.tpoimuch to.-atrange shoot ing irons. It is not so long ago that a cpmio paper iBSupd a.graphio . illns- trdtibd'of wo effect 'of One man blow ing down a gan barrol, whilp tho other hajd ,|e trjggpy;, jjo ;!apii'hV.';thfise. hoh'day accidents., will , hpcome more: rafe.i.ns ...the fstonding 1 army i slowly1 increases, for the recruits will be required to1; -present themkelves 'at Eas'tbr eneAmpments,' where 'they, kyill , jbe; taught ,tbat nofrue.Bpldim' whistles down the barrel of a loaded gun,' Trips , n round 'J the -bay inrb ' anbther , feature of our holidays, 'and herb .-th'e! .JiappS' father 'if i 'numerous' f amijy, .is. Beenin./iU.tho prido-, pf: owners hip. .Embarking. liB.jtbe chief- (difficulty of these : important membet's' of ' dociety; ,hnless 'a1 gfeater 'Uifficulty preserita 1 itself. when"the' ; oliildrbfa' '-diSring the .trip try to creep through port holes or Itiml — ila. . Ann maam 1,a1 am. im-1«ama . alam vioib'ivupiigiuopititGifivura Liiuy endeavour to find out all about the furnaoes. The liyely,. music of the band. ic not always sufficient :to . make : marine :. i OxcurdiohiBts forget " 1 the .'troubles of mal-de-mer when" Ur 'strong, breeze' l s 1 Bio Wing; h'hu ' tliey! .relispfdr ' once the discomfpr.tc of. a, life on the ocean waye.ui Starting .from i the spier: they ignored probable discomforts and hlydd%eii|''tUr;aji|Ket».. in- fcrbasbd' by 'sea 'iiir, but in a fe\v. fiquro all was changed, nnd. many bayo boon: heard to vow that novor moro , would -thoy loava tholt native- toil ; provided thoy werp 'lucky' 'eilough . to ' rot urn to it safely.' '.'lie ' ".trips., tb: Qiiepnaollff !had an.uquBpdidttrpotibn.in the tor pedo corps, whioh prnctised at Swan :|Bland for afow days. It is an educa tion for tlje , cjvijian ;to watohj'the operations'of tho gallant corps! Ho comfdrts' :lh'iniael£ 1 'in1 'thinking' ' tlia't Whon tlio. enemy dp- visit our.- ohbres they will receive rather, too effusive a liecdption/ lotig. before thoy:' have an hppbrttinity 'of alioll.ibg' Qp'veratb'ifif' Hoiioo — which' frphli|s, positionoffors qo adiiiirabld a taygot from tjio hay— and striking the banks and terror into the hearts of peace-loving citizens' -with shot 'hbd shpll. vTbo Driiids.pro- coBsion on EaBprhIIppdny is) a great attractjpp. pr niany who secure seats at, windows "iti, pfdpr-. to, witness the 'imposing Bppctncio. . The flippant find \- much amusement in tho long boarde and whito robes : of. _ itho , venerable society, and children of tender years ,'belipvp that, for once thoy asp; ghosts. But,:. unmindful , of jeers of, ..larrikins' ' the solemn patriarchs walk steadily to- 'fheir pleasure-grounds 'preceded' " by tho noisiest of bands, there to pass the ... = hours of Easier Monday in walking running, jumping, dancing; and -the children in the delightful mefry-go- ' round, where they 'are taught the effects- of centrifugal and centripetal ftfrfies; sometimes too well for their personal comfort, The fiery wooden steeds with traces' of previous battles oh'their'weather stained ho'dlbs or the less protentipps cars, are crowded with scared leaking occupants, who clutch wildly at the iron supports, and make tho observer doubt if. the luerry-go- rounds offer all those pleasures that thoy aro popularly supposed to pos- seas. The/people at' these gatherings of the Druids'are all industrious and hard-working, to1 whom a- holiday is. a rare delight,; and fhey, make you think by their appearance that they are taking their pleasuro more cheerfully than the average Briton is supposed to do. The Intercolonial Exhibition' lis "a : source of enjoyment to many people, chiefly visitors, for most Mel bourne people 'have all Been and admired the exhibits of colonial taieus. xne J acnes courc is pruned, and compliments are showered upon itho work of ladies which would make them voin for ever could they but hear them. , -TIiq mirror paintings -cspeci- ally! sbeffi; tojattract publio. attention; :,ana . ft., is well- that, they, are woll finished, for thoy are examined most critically. The court of tho old colo- BistB has its admirers in tho people who can' remomber many of tho public men and tho incidonta-of the good old days when tho eucalyptus waved ovor the. ground on which is now tho groat Exhibition building. Perhaps one of tbo most interestiug.of these relics is 'a screen whoso pictures forth a sketch ;of Victoria froth t!io..tiino. when, tho blnckfollow coo-eed across a crook to bis tribe on tlio opposite sido, to tho year whon all tbo nations sont .tliair :.prodaco !to our grand- Exhibition. Many\of our youngor Eastor visitors will gdzo in astonishmont and amuso- mont nt somo of the early newspapers, especially dt: a copy, of tho leading journal of tho prosont, which is a powor in tho land and whoso worth is acknowledged whorovor tho English languago is spoken. Tho - theatres at ' this 1 timo 1 offer so many novelties that it is be wildering to.choosp between thom all. Bluo Beard' and its absurdities are sustained woll by tbo versatilo littlo nctroso, who makes hor andionce realise hor capability of being " grave or gay, livoly or eovero." fnbh.. there, is. tbo Princess whero Forgot-mo-not is so wonderfully acted bv a talonted com pany. No one would think of leaving town without having soon Miss Waid, who. is called the English Ristori. Those inclined for Hibornian fun and absurdity., naturally go the Royal, whero the Sheridan company rovolsin "'-Fan on the Bristol." ' At the Vic toria Hall the inimitable Alf, Mawtan has re-appeared with that ridiculous song.fonnded on the doings of a ball pup asione of: his specialities. Alto- ,'gether our visitors can enjoy their holiday - to- the city- thoroughly; and leave it with pleasant recollections of an enjoyably; spoilt' Easter. .: i -i Wi 