I LESSONS PROM A GHOST,STORY. WK ar« all BO apt. In tho fancies wherewith we occa- sionally picture wanderen from the land of upi rita leaving their unearthly kindred and bending (heit atop* once more toward . ou reel ve«, to regara such pilgrims from oar own point of view, that it does not often occur to us to confider how the fresh contact with human lifo may affect them. A ttwoetly mystic ntory-evidontlv from the pen of that most gifted ol lady-w ri turn. Mm Oliphant, author of " Thu Little Pilgrim "-in thu current uurubur of Muvktrimh on the relation between "tho Scon and tho tinmen," make* an attempt, vivid H* IL flus II ut electric fire tHrouifh darkened skie* to ¡-nrvoy the situation from the gaunt'* jtositiou, and to givu HM H niumontary glance at thu unavailing anguish of tho dead, when they come hook. Thia pogo of ghoatly literatura ia bright uud chuorful in iu suggestion that vi«iu, Uko the one supposed, would, if undertaken at all, be undertaken, not for the prupodtcrouw unca to which thu uucluthtd i tn <n. ir t aU arv represented by spiritaa* Hats ai« being put, but fur high achievement and holy end, tho rudrtiHri of Ii u mun wrong, thu no loco of human sorrow, tho reversal of all the iinLiuduuHA ami fc.rKutfulnew that had marred an earthly lifo. If thin conception of the uilrwion ot upi rit* could bu rooted in the popular imagination, und further if it con ld bu u*»nointed in idea with the doctrine of tho ?tory, that they travel not unpurmHted, mid only when their journey commends itself to tho À ll-wine OM for thu hts ii uti t of thone to whom they go, all dread of their approach would die out). To FCC a ghotit would ba to HW A friend. A haunted hon no would bea holy hounu. A bleated and tender oom JUL ti y of loving «oni«, circling the «tejía of their tmmvors with care and utTectioii, ia thu C.liri*timi ¡dun of thc return of the departed, and not a foul muli of malig- nant sprites hunt nn HUI- hurt. If our lost oner! como back to u», it in with glad mumc, bright flower*, sparkling waters of everlasting grace, »weet tin i ten of pity *ud whiwperH of warning And peace and hope, they como. They troon along onr way, not to affright UM. but to braco np thu strong man with lotty renolve, to enau tho gentío mother of nomo of the heavy load of life, to take the little child by the hand, and lend It on. Tho truth thin story ai mn at teaching in that it Is for them, rather than for us, to shrink from their re- entry here. Tho FOUI that, in 1 the story, return* to earth finds «he ha« prepared for herself panff« hardly to bu iMirne, Thu end nought lu coming munt bo accomplitmed ero nh o itt at liberty to roturu to thu asauinbly shu han lisft, Hut hero tho difficulty in to secure a recognition of h r prononce, especially on tho part of thone nh« han come to nerve. Clone to thuin, appealing to thurn, touching them, «ho Id yet removed from tho pale of their knowledge hy thu impenetrable burri ern ot' HO a«. Tho physical modln, by which their human lives aro linked ¿none another tn daily inteicoume, nra to her tho gulf, the mountain, tho hlacknen* of darknc** that biota ber from their view. Tho very air that Infor mortals the appointed path nf tight in for the disembodied a ves> ture of iiivirilbility. Liko Tennyson'H hero, tho soul looks book on "what hath been," long powerlcssto alter \U wul con sei pi encij* through thin lack of communi- cation, and meanwhile enduring the great agónica of raiitndc. At length th« («pell of thia nod separation .s partly broken. Some thoru nro who begin to KOBI the dead. The little children aro the firat to descry; tho spiritual prononce-tho baby in ltd cot, thu dear littlo girl who shyly tells her mother. It is a pretty thought, that thu dumb animals-"God's dear nnd Innocent creature* "-niuo seo tho vision un trim of men. At lost in nu hour of prayer, tho girl, for whoed sako the ghost has bravely undergone itu trials, hos her oyes opened momentarily to tho reality; In all thia Ilea wrnppod uj> tho o tc ri ml truth, that purity of heart and sweetness of lifo bring us nearer to the immortal beings who, itorohaucu, walk for year* in¿ silent Badness at our nidus, How it would soften our thought* and words to feel that by them- according aa they oro unforgiving or rompnsslonato-wo ¡may, iuüict pain or joy upon thc dead.. Surely nat a lusc lestt lesson to learn from ti Christmas glittst story J 