Our Melbourne Letter. (MELBOURNE PRESS AGENCY.) Thursday. Arm receiving deputations from country visitor* all day long yesterday, Mr. Gilli-s decide! to do a little country visiting hinwlf, and (tarts to-day to ilrciiie no ths spot, the vexed qaeation as to whether the Black lins shall go by Mortlake and IVtuhur.t, to Hamilton, with a branch to Koroit, a* the Hamilton people desire, or whether it thai! be continued r'ui Terang to Warrnimbool, a? the denizens of the latter town request. Should the second alternative be chows, the Glen Thompson and Koruit line will have to be made. The itragglc between Warmamb-x>l and Hamilton on this point will be Terr severe. The former ruate is tha , one originally Marked out fir the Black line, but the country between Camperdowa and Warmambool in far more pupalous, and ie probably destined to win. Of course neither line at present has the ghost of a chance of being matle at all. The outside th<: .Ministers can do at present is to posh the line frosn Camperdo?n to Terang as already provided, and to construct the Camperdowu and Port Campbell light line. These, it it understood here, will sure)* be done oat of the scanty funds at the disposal of the Government. Eventually, no doubt, both Hamilton and Warrnambool will be satisfied. But the former has a line already, while Warrnani liool has none at all. and it certainly terms just a little greedy of the Hamilton agitators to expect two lines of communication while Waxrnambool has none. A mort peculiar case is about to come before the law omits, in which a man named Casey sues Mr. Alley, I.M.. and lospector Touhey. for very heavy damages under ex traordinary circnm?Unces. Some time ago the licensee of the Union Hotel. South Mel bourne, a Mr. Smith, was incarcerated for six months as a lunatic, ami ou his return to hit businc* was si pressed by his creditors that he wu compelled to Fell the hotel, and apuly f.,r a tran-fer to CVev, who was the liuyer. Mr. Alley gr-ntcd the transfer to Casi-y on the tint application, but it is alleged ly the Utter tlwt the word -granted" was altried in the record book to •' adjourned." However, the ca?e was reheard and the application for the trmorfer granted. Casey paid, and .*mith received 1 tbe whole of the purchase money. £75, and Ca?ey look pos?e!U?<n. But a few hours after th- money had t?ren paid, and while the seller was supposed actually to have it in his pocket. Smith had w appear to a sum mons for debt, and he swore he had received no money whatever on account of the pur chase. Inspector Toobey hereupon jumped to the conclusion that because the man Smith had bten a lunatic, the new buyer wai trying to cheat him, aud he ordered the tiolice to go and turn Ca-cy out of the hotel and replace I-niith iv puiues-ior. This wu done to the wonderment of Smith himself, anil Ca?ey is breathing tire and ?!aii|;hter, or writs and summonses, which are the n ore dangerous of tbe t?o. You ?i!l understand that this is the plaintiff's us-, and at pre sent no one knows h-w matters will look whrn the defendants tell th.-ir version of the story, which no doubt has two sides like must stories. One of the unemployed at least is very bu?y, and that is M:. 1". Murray, th-r secre tary to the wnrkmrn, who v developing into an lndu^nous anil capahl? uetv.Kp.tper cor re-poodint. Yesterday, he pul.li.shed a Inter informing Ihe World that 146 of the 294 unemployed workmen were married men. and had 376 children. !!•- then made an appeal for money, clothes, food, hwita. and bed clothes for tho?e nho were without means. To-<l?y, he wiitcs explaining that the unemployed have been very lianh'y treated by The MiuUter of Works, Mr. Alfred Deakiu. who lias refuted to lend them the necessary plant to enable them to undertake the removal ?f the Kenu'Dgton hill. Mr. Murray puts the hardships from which the unemployed are undoubtedly suffering in a very strong light before the public The one thing that is quite certain is that Mr. Murray eaunot himself be reckoned among the unemployed any longer. Half a dnifn years ago and more, a man namfd O'Neill munler.d hi. mothrr at FooUcray, and was Mntenced to a long term of penal servitude. His fnei.iN are now petitioning the Governor for his releve cm the ground that he is now sane, ami that he was insane at the time of the murder and not responsible for hi* actions. The sentence i? not, however, likely to be remitted, although, as the pctitioneit a*-ert, the man certainly cannot repeat that particular crime. The malts of the police examinations for member* of the force di-tircus of becoming officer*, held on April 29th. will appear iv to-morrow'a dazrltr The ?aminer> report that the arithmetic was fairly accurate, but that n-rnlu that should liaTe bern muined easily l>y practice, were arrived at laboriously by prn^M>rtion. The spelling and punctua tion were better tlun tlios- if the police rxamioed tome time ago. for the rank of ?.— £cant ; hot there were, iv s>me in?tanc?*s. >ix or *e?en mistakrs in a thort piece . f dictation taken from the sixth reader The candidates di?|.layt:l rousidrtaMe aci]uaiut anee with c-ramoii law. I.ut were not xi Wrll up in the important pn>ctical subject ai to how tn act t'> >uppte>"i • lutt-ry, or how t<> tell whether a justices' warrant was jm perly drawn and rahd. The.'acce-.ful candiil itrs who paaM.il witli <rtdit were Smior. c<i?lable ITiillip Comm n?. Sergeant John WaUhe. CouaUhk Frederick Derry. Th?? who simply i?s*cd were Charts Je??e, Thnmas Monckton. Alfr^l Saiusburv, Denis Uex-y. lleory CVrbetT, Mud'.olme II .d s .?D. Aln. H. Giay. R ,brrt U. M-lyneaux, ana Wm. I. .Sullivan. B"tne <f thuss ?ho thought then^elves very a?<:u'e of puaine o'ilh Hying colon, have not pullnl through The report of the liquidator* of the Vic tori?n Woollen Association shows that thr concern has come to l.opele*a urief, the whole of the shareholders min-v having been ap-ut. The At?.?Mtion is £21,000 la dtbt. The be?t offer made was one to take ove' the property for the liabilities, the result of which would 1* thai on ►h?r t h.l.Ur could look for a halfpenny. Nothing has bceo done with regard to the offer at present. The whole of the dynamite which was re ported a? I ring in atUngen.uo conditi •?, has bera satisfactorily rrmiiven1, ami nv?t nf .1 has been already ua#d t-p by consumer*. Yesterday the deputation that wanted th> grain rate* reduced were told by Mr. Speight that if the 6gurtf they offer- al were accepted, the Department wouM bo at a kiu ill /100.0UO per annum. Therefore the fum. n ?re not likely to get ?ny relief frmn thu quarter. The Solicitor-Geoaral still refam t> iaUr fera in the case of Hatchena and Noraaao, who w?re convicted a y<-ar ago of n.bb^ry upon what in puppo-ed now t,i le mmtakeu evidence, aa two other men, Cumiiiinv;* and Sji-uir, have sworn that ih-y cmnniited the robbery for which theie m n weie seutencml. Th- Chief Commissioner of P..lie- in nmler stood to h-ld the opini,? that Cumming* and Spoor should eithe- he t'led for thr rob brry to which they have rait.f -?sed. or f r perjury in m<kiox false afadiviu. aud the public appear to agree witb tbe Caw miaeioner. Wheat ia lower, and pairs are nit readil.r mailfl. I'rimrst wheat for ?hip|,ii.g fetch, il 4> 2iL but 1 bin pric- waa ouly uhtaiied for a few lo's. Country fl'Ur. f..r shipment, 5.1.1 at £S 7-. 6 I to £8 lOv Tn? hurt) uni? ■ f dairy produce and vegetalilet li-s leawned the d,m?nd. Piicsn are about tho >ame m* la.t ?s^k. Ewf?. •2i6Vl p rdit; p .rk, St; liacun. 10.1; butUi, la lUd ; k.m, Is ; lur ke\s to 14i ptr pair ; g?ese to B*, aud ducks to ss. A supplementary (Jitsttt* was iasued oo Wedneaday, jrivinif a list of all penooa employed in the Kalway sertice on the 31st January, 18H4, including day sabums and supernuiucran-;?. Tiie list, which ia a very voluuiinnua one, exUndiug over 44 f lina <loubU column, give* the nanto of each ttofloyl iv fu 1; thu latifc, poaitiou, or grade which each empluyi fills • and f'-" the distincti?? hunch ia whiak (Mas iav 