Qrtgtiutl gtorg. All Sights 'Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAND. Chapter XXIII. BY Fbakk LTN>-. "Oh Sir!" exclaimed the old man. " You will not let them take Miss Violet, if she is here." " Nonsense, she is not here, how could she be P.-I suppose I must see these fellows, but you can tell them to search at once, or send them here first of all." In a few minutes Burns was ushered in by John, " Good afternoon Captain Temple," said the man at once, anxious, to make his .discovery known. "I am sorry to trouble you again, but this morning Ehodcs saw a heavily veiled womau crossing the Park, as he passed, the wind blew aside her veil and he was astonished to recognise Miss Mayland. He was too surprised to do anything but stare at her, during this she hastened away. However Ehodes recovered his wits and hurried after her and was only in time to" see her enter one of these windows. He then came away and told me his story. This happened about one o'clock, but as your butler says you had yonr lunch abont that time in this very room, he must have made a mistake about the time." " I had my lunch exactly at that hour, so Miss Mayland could not have entered this room during my presence in it, and I have never left here since lunching. However yon may search if yon like, but I do not believe Ehodes' story. John will conduct you over the place," ringing the bell as he spoke and desiring the butler to conduct Burns over the house, he once more lounged back in his conch as if he'did not wish to pursue the subject any further. For some time Burns and John were absent, but at last they returned and in answer to Captain Temple's enquiry as to whether they bad fonnd anyone, Baid that nothing had been seen or heard that confirmed Ehodes' story. "I suppose there is no means of getting into the haunted rooms besides the door, which is always locked ?" " Not that I ever heard of." " No passages P secret ones Imean that Miss Mayland may know of." "No, I am sure she never knewofany, for I have heard her say that she wished it were possible to find them." " Then Ehodes' must have made a mistake." " I daresay not," replied Temple carelessly, "only he made the blunder of mistaking a- ghost for real ftesh and blood. This place is haunted in every direction." Burns firmly believed in spirits and gave a shudder, but determined not to show.lus alarm and said; "But do you believe in the stories about the Mayland ghosts, Sir?" •'Notonly," replied Captain Temple seeing his. .advantage and usiug it, " do I believe in them, but! have seen several of the ghosts themselves,** " Where?" : breathlessly asked the man with a comic look of mingled fright and curiosity coming over his face as he asked thequestion. "Once in the rooms above, leaning against the window, and only last night, heard the footsteps, and have also seen the ghost that haunts the gallery." " I think then Ehodes niust have made a mistake, and have only seen a ghost; Perhaps Miss Mayland is dead and her spirit has come back to haunt the place where she committed the murder." '^Perhaps/' replied Captain Temple, feeling as if he must laugh at the awestrichen voice and manner of the man. "But Sir, the footsteps? Ghosts do, not make any marks when, they walk about" ' "' "I daresay the servants have been, walking Under , the window." ! . .' " I never thought of tliat. Good day Captain Temple. I am sorry to have to trouble you about nothing." To be continued. 