THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. SANDHURST CITY. ME. PALLETT'S CANDIDATURE. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. Georgo Pallett was held last night in tho large room at the United Kingdom Hotel, Golden square. Between forty and fifty of tho most in fluential residents of Golden-square and Golden Gully wore present, Mr. Angus Kennedy in tho chair. Tho whole of tho gentlemen present formed themselves into a committee, and entered into the objects of the meeting in a most enthusiastic spirit, expressing themselves determined to can vass tho whole portion of the ward in a thorough manner. Mr. Pallett addressed the meeting shortly on a few of tho requirements nf that part of tho ward, and promised tho following week, when the committee had arranged tho night, to address them fully. Mr. Pallett took the opportunity of emphatically contradicting tho statement made on the previous night by Mr. Dalbridgo, «'herein that gentleman had asserted that he (Mr. Pailettj had promised Mr. Delbridge that he would not oppose him. Mr. Pallett stated that about tho middlo of Juno ho mot Mr. Delbridge in View Point, when that gentleman said, " I se) by the papers that there is some talk of you com ing out for Sutton Ward; do you intend to?" He (Mr. Pallett) said, " I really hav'nt made up my mind yet; X have had gentlemen from all parti of the ward asking me to stand, but I intend to make further inquiries as to my chances of success if I stand." "Well then, Pallott," said Dolbridgc in a most patrousing manner, " take my advico and save your time and money, for if you coma out against mo I sh&U; beat you easily, as you hav'nt tho ghost of a show against me; bosides it would not oo fair just now as I think 1 ought to go b.iek unopposed to tho council, to see that the works projected under the loan were properly carried out." Mr. Pallott replied, that was simply a matter of opinion," and told Mr. Delbridge that in a few days ho should make up his mind what ho intended to do; that was all that took place. Mr. Pallott further informod tho meeting lh.it he was not aware that Mr. Delbridgo was out of tho colony till about two weeks after ho (Mr. Pallett) had announced his in tention to contest the ward. Mr. Pallett thanked tho gentlemen present for the attendant and loft tho committee to make all the necessary acragoments to canvass the ward. Mr. Pallett afterwards met his friends and sup porters at Muir's New Chum Hotel, Lilly-street, when tho L'O gentlemen present formed themselves into a committee, with Mr. Woods as chairman. All tho necessary steps were taken to ensure Mr. Pallett's return. MR. JOSEPH'S CANDIDATURE. A meeting of Mr. Joseph's oxecutive committee was held last evening at tho Metropolitan Hotel, Mr. T. Ellison in tho chair. Progress reports were furnished, showing very satisfactory results. Tho meeting was adjourned until next Monday evening at eight o'clock at the same placo. Mr. Joseph's central executive coiniuitteo meets at the Metropolitan Hotel this evening. MR. DELBRIDGK'S CANDIDATURE. After the meeting of parents held last night at Quarry Hill a number of ratepayers assembled at the Mount Edgecombe Hotel, and formed a com mittee of twent/ to secure the return of Mr. Del bridge. Arrangements were made for the meet ing 011 Monday night, at which Mr. J. H. Teagi» was appointed to take tho chair. Mr. Dclbridge's High-street committee meets at tho Bluo 13ell Hotel this ovening at nine o'clock. CASTLEMAINE BOROUGH. Mr. Robert Keid, baker, has decided to contest the election against the retiring members. DUNOLLY BOROUGH. The candidatos for borough honors are now fairly in the field, and have already commenced active canvassing operations. There are four out for three seats, viz., Mr. John Desmond, H. b. Daly, retiring councillors, and Mr. W. Hamilton and John M'Ara Glover, new members. It is also likely Mr. \V. H. Egan will come forward. Nominations clo.sc on Monday,and the polling daj will bo tho 1-lth instant. RAY WOOD BOROUGH. The following candidates have been nominated1 — 1 bomas Draper, William Gunn, William Hy. Pascoo, Daniel Preston. Extraordinary vacancy, Charles M'Neil. Auditor, Cormack Dolan. MARONG SHIRE. Mr. John Houliston, tho retiring member for tho North-West Riding, wili address his constituents on \Vednesday next at 4 p.m., at tho Mechanics Institute, Sebastian, and afterwards at the \arra berb State School, near Wright's, at 7 p.m. 