fRovcifot. ' A TERRIBLE LEGACY. A STORY 03? ENGLISH AND AUSTIIA ' ^ LIAN LIFE. - Bv GROSVENOR BUNSTER. Author OF- Joiih Hokton's Waud ; ' ' Tiik _ Wav of Tim Would : ' Abel Bradley ; ' ... 'Blood Will Tell,' Ac., &c.; ? CHAPTER IX. - (continued.) ? THE CONFEDEllATIi's rLOT. ? Dunraa tho voyngo homo in tho mail Bteamor, Edmonds dovoloped a new trait in his . character — ho began' to drink heavily. Tho : orimos weighing upon his soul, tho tension of his mind during tho short Australian career, and tho firm bolief that tho blood of Fowler, / in addition to that of Sir Ralph Falkland, stained his hands, had their effeot at last, | y oven upon his callous conscience. Tho forced | inaction on board the steamer maddoncd him, | y and he sought relief in tho bottle. A man of | , ?- unbridled passions, tho habit grow upon him | . rapidly, until it thoroughly mastered him : I ' . ? nnd tho caution he had formerly displayed in I the execution of his schemes beoamo changed 1 ?; to a mad, unreasoning, monomanioal craving | V for revenge on all bearing tho namo of Falk | land. After his return to London, Edmonds took I lodgings in a street oil the Strand ; and sot ? to work to ascertain air ho oould concerning . Falkland. Going down to Devonshiro on n ..reoonnoitering expedition, ho heard, | .' 1 to hia great surprise, -that tho young a ?. ; baronet was. in Australia, and tho dato of Sir I : Frederick's departure enabled him to guess | oorreotly its cause. He chuckled with savage I glee - as ho reflected that tho shot ho had fired I ; at midnight in tho Australian bush had ro j= : movod tbo only witness of Sir Ralph's mur £ ? . dor; and as ho pondered over Falkland's I. fruitless mission, a diabolical idea ontorod his brain. He was seated in his lonely lodgings whon ho idea first oame to him. Copious draughts * of brandy had only sufficed to stimulate hiB I ' devilish imagination ; aud as ho realised tho I I ' force of his suddon idea, he- laughed in a por s ? cot frenzy of dolight. I ! _ ' lin !_ ha!' he ejaculated, 'brandy for | inspiration 1 'Twill be glorious 1 Let him I return, as he must do shortly, baffled and f downcast. And whon ho goes to Devonshire, I ; - to seek a littlo consolation in the caresses of | . his betrothed — ha 1 ha I — he will find her | ... deadl Dead — and then ho will visit .her I . grave. Then I will watoh him, and with a | bullet through his brain end tho accursed I - raoo 1 ' s _ Tho sohemo which was conceived in tho de | lirium of intoxicated frenzy was matured | whon tho morning brought sobriety. And | . . thus tho strong will of the man was manifest. 3 , Liquor was with him at this time a passion. I suffered tho tortures of the damned until I ho had satisfied his intense craving for tho j. . fiery draught. But his insatiablo rovengo wbb f \ R sweotor, dearer passion ; and as ho pondered I ? ?? over tho matter, and realised tho fact that a j v i . Baorifice must be mado ono way or the other, | sprang from his bod, and Bwore — he, tho fc . . ;/ ' . blasphemous homioido, dared to appeal to his ||\ Makor to rogister his fiendish oath— that, so I', ? help his God, no intoxioating drink should pass his lips until tho last of tho Fallilands had become a thing of tho past. Aud he kept hia oath — so far as rofraining from drink was concerned. Sternly and reso / .- lutely he deniod himself tho indulgence ; though sleepless nights, unstrung nerves, and ? trembling limbs betokened tho agony it cost him. But at length Nature reasserted her sway— ho had gained the victory. Then ho Bet about tho accomplishment of his fell pur pose.' He had ascertained that Colonel and Mrs. j) . .Cotton had taken up their residence at Falk | : ,Sj land Court during Sir Frederick's absence, in | '. . preferonoo to removing Rose to their own a house. As tho former body servant of Sir 1 v Halpli, Edwards had acquired a knowledge of I ovory window, passage, and apartment in the | . mansion, and he exulted at tho thought of I the deadly uso to whioh that knowledge oould I 1)0 turned. Admittance onoo gained, he re flected, he oould easily discover whore the different inmates Blept. One blow with a I . dagger, whon tho right apartment was roaohed, and Falkland's happiness would bo . for over wreoked. . Thon_ ho bothought him of a dealer in old ! ' curiosities, living near tho Adelphi, in whose j . window lie had seon a long, keen Venetian j ; Stiletto, just tho weapon lie required. Ho wont at onoo to tho shop, and purchased tho ffi article. ltoturning homo to oompleto his ar & ringements, ho jostled against a man turn S \ .ing tho corner of Adam-street. An angry ex S olamation was ohcoked on either sida'to an S 1 ojaoulation of surprise as tho men reoogniBod S ' - each- other, jf 'Edmonds I' I ' ' Johnson 1 ' I ' The. very man I want,' said Edmonds. | ' Como with mo.' Ho seized Johnson by the | ' arm, and walliod rapidly towards hia lodg 1 »?,??? ings. Arrived thoro, he produced liquor and B . aglass. ' m ?; i. 'Drink,' ho said. 'I cannot join you; I will oxplain why presently. What have you 1 been doing since I loft England 1 Your share | of tho plunder from Steel has not done you | muoh good, judging from your present ap | poaranco.' I Truly, it had not. Tho fivo thousand pounds, obtained by tho ingenious ci- devant H Baron, had vanished at the gaming-table and I ' in debaiiohery ; leaving its former possesor a I ? bloated^.waggoii, desperato ruffian. | Edm\,Jds listened to Johnson's talo with P ? groat inward Batisfaotion. At last ho Baid ^ ^ abruptly; | J' Do you want to earn a thousand pounds ? ' ' ' ?' ? ? ? lik'?° roP''°^ Johnson. 'Do I look J o it?' I'd murdor forty peoplo to havo o handling of that amount once moro.' ' You neodn't niurdor anybody for -it,' re plied Edmonds — ' that is, unless rcsistanco is offered, and wo havo to fight for it. Liston to mo. I havo, as you know, plonty of monoy. I will givo you a thousand pounds if you will join me in ono night's work. I will speak plainly. I am going down to Devonshiro, to murder a girl. Sho livoa in a houso of whioh I know ovory nook and cranny. My pur pose ia to ontor at midnight, find her chamber, and stab- her to tho heart. No hand but mino shall striko that blow, or my vengeance would bo robbod of half its awcetnosa. But I want you to stand by mo; and'if any alarm ia given, keep tho alarmists at bay until tho deed is done. Will you do it? ' Johnson, with a frightful oath vowod to join him. ' That is woll,' said Edmonds ; ' and now to fix tho timo. Wo will go down to Exeter to-morrow, and make all arrangements as wo go. Of course wo must bo disguised. If things aro favorable, wo will hiro a couplo of fast saddle-horses, rido over to tho Court, and accomplish our objoct. Tho horsos can bo loft outside tho houso, in a placo of conceal ment with whioh I am woll acquainted. If all ia right, wo can bo baok at tho station in timofor.tho last train to- London. If there is a fight for it, and only ono escapes, ho must make a dash for tho horses, pistol ono to avoid pursuit, aud do his best on tho other. If I am takon, and you esoapo, you will havo the chcquo beforehand. That you can cash nnd disappear beforo anything is known — I shall nover peach. If the contrary happens to bo tho caso, I roly upon you in tho same mannor for seorosy. Now you know tho wholo schemo. Stay, tho girl I intond to kill is tho betrothed of young Falkland, to ruin whom you did that littlo business down in Yorkshire.' A long conversation ensued between tho ?two ruffians, in tho courso of whioh Johnson owned that ho was both penniless and home less, a Btato of things his appearance sufli oiently^ indicated. Edmonds took him to a dealer in slop olothos, and purchased for him solf and Johnson suits of black and other olorical attiro. Then they visited a liair dresBers, and underwent a metamorphosis suitable to their new dress. ' This is a rum start,' said Johnson, with an oath and a loud laugh, after thoy had ro turnod to Edmonds' lodgings and tried on their disguises. A couplo of lambs, ain't we ? ' 'It's wolf's work we're aftor,' said Ed monds. ' You may as woll stay hero to night. I'll give orders for supper, and you will find the liquor in that cupboard. But don't tako too muoh. Steady hands and strong nerves will bo wanted to-morrow night 1' CHAPTEE X/ TIIK rtJIlSUIT. Tho doy boforo the meeting between Ed monds ami Johnson, Mr. Borneo Guffles sat before a bright fire in tho Albany Chambers, with an open book on his kneos. Tho book was ono of that romantio individual's favo rite ' blood-curdlers ' — being indeed no less a work than 'Tho Sydnoy Sealp Seekers' — a fiction muoh admired in reading oi'rcles at homo. It is true that tho author — evolving hia idea3 of Australia from the dopths of his moral consciousness, as the Gorman did his description of a camel — had mado tho abori gines talk, think, and act precisely liko Feni more Cooper's equally impossiblo lted Indians. Ho had also pictured Sydney as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by dense forests, and painted, howling savages ; had treated his readers to bison hunts on tho Murray in summer timo, and otherwise manifested his supreme knowledge of the ' fifth quarter of tho world.' _ But it passed muster with the gullible British public, seeing that it boro tho mint-mark of an eminent publishing firm in London. ' Dreadful creatures 1 ' soliloquised Mr. Guffles, as he finished tho last page with a sigh of regret. 'Poor Sir Frederiok — what he must be suffering among thoso savages 1 It's two mails since a letter oame — I hope his scalp doesn't decorate tho wigwam of somo Sydney warrior. Or perhaps he's fallen in love with somo bright-eyed forest maiden — another case of Inkle and Yarico. Only for tho danger, I wish I had gono. There must be some regular genuine sensations out there.' Mr. Guflles must havo boon a very exor bitant man if he wished for a greater sensa tion than ho experienced when, just aa ho had finished his soliloquy, tlio door was thrown open, and Falkland entered, followed by Curzon, Fowler, nnd the detective, whilo tho grinning face of Tom Grist brought up tho rear. ' Angola and ministers of grace — I maan welcome, Sir Frederick, wolcomo from the land of bandits and ferocities 1' exclaimed Mr. Guffles, with eyes distended to their fullest extent. ' Don't be a fool, Guffles,' said Falkland, amiling. ' Help this young man in with tho luggage, and then tako this telegram to the office. It ia to go immediately. Tako this young fellow ivith you when you go — ho is an Australian, and London sights will amuse him.' Mr. Guffles, assisted by Tom Grist, went ? to the cab. The romantio Eomoo could not keep his eyes off Tom. 'Mo help you carry him portmanteau, twiggy vous ?' said Mr. Guffles, who muttered to himself, ' Why, he ain't very rod for an Indian._ 1 suppose he understands English.' ' This ia one of their foreign ilunkeya I've hoard now eliuma talk about,' soliloquised Tom. ' Well, I never did try to talk their lingo, but I dare say I oan.' With this re flection, he replied : 'S'poso you grabbeethat handle, mateo; shovee it up soeo on my shoulder ; me walkee him along all same piecey feather, you sabee.' ' That's done it,' thought Tom, with conscious pride at the success of liiB efforts, as Guffles compliod with the request. ' I oould always talk to the Chineso cook on the station better nor anyone else ; and it's plain all thoso foreign chapa has the same yabber.' Tho luggago was soon brought in, and tli6n Mr. Guffles, beokoning to Tom, said, ' You oomoo now, mo take you see what you stare at — such funny tings.' ' What are you talking that gibberish for ?' asked Falkland, angrily turning round ; while tho detective, who instantly realised tho situation, burst into a roar of laughter. 'Beg pardon, Sir Frederick, ' said Mr. Guflles, mincingly, ' but thiB Australian — hem — thia Australian Indian only speaks broken English, and so — ' . This waa too much for the rest of tho party, who burst into porfeot fits of laughter ; Tom Grist louder than any. ' Why, confound you,' said Falkland, when lie oould speak ; ' tho Australian Indian, as you call him, speaks English as well ns yoursolf— better, perliapB.' 'I beg tho— liom — young man's pardon,' said Guflles, ' I took him for a oliild of tho forest ; and really, he does speak very queerly, bogging yours, Sir Frederiok.' ' And hang me if I didn't tnko you for a Frenohy, and spoke the lingo to accommodatd you I' replied Tom. ? 'There, there, go along— both of you— thero will bo a better understanding between you when you oomo baok,' said Falkland. Mr. Gufflos led the way, followed by Tom, who pulled out his pipe and lit it as he walked along. Mr. Guffles. 'Aro thero auy streets in Aus tralia, young man?' ' Ono or two,' ropliod Tom, composedly. 'And do tho pooplo thoro— tho oiviliaed pooplo, I mean — smoko pipes in them ?' con tinued Mr. Guflles. Tom stared at him for n moment, then winked. ' I'm not on, mate,' lio said, 'you don't get a rise out of mo.' Compelled to enduro tlio infliction, Mr. Gufflos turned tho oonvorantion. ' I suppose you woro taught English' at. an early ago? ' ho askod. ' Pretty fair,' replied Tom. ' Somo'whoro about whon I learnt to speak. Thoy didn't try it ok beforo, you seo, bcoauso thoy fanoied it might bo waste of timo.' ' Then your father was not a warrior — porhaps, a groat man among his pooplo — and you woro not born in tho forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose?' Baid Mr. Guffles, his romanco fast departing. 'I was born on tho Hawlcosbury,' said Tom. ' As to my father being a great man, and a warrior, as you call it, ho stood six foot four in his socks, and could belt any ohap on tho river. As to oradling, mate, I novor took a turn at tho diggings'. I was brought up on a station.' Mr. Guffles' ideas had by thia time received a sovoro shock. But ho resolved to mako ono moro effort, and so ho Baid : ' Aro you partial to firewater ? ' ' Do you moan rum ? ' askod Tom. 11 No, I can't say I am ; but I could tacklo a pint 6f stringy if it was in my way now.' Ascertaining that 'stringy' waa colonial for boor, Mr. Guffles forthwith entered a tavorn and ordered a pint, contonting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insistod on ' shouting ' another, and this had tho eilect of rendering Mr. Guffles so loquacious that ho soon put Tom in possession of his orude no tions respecting Australia. Tho keynote onco given, the mischievous stockman treated his now friend to suoli an astounding mixture of romanco and reality, of tho sanguinary kind, that Guffles waB in a stato of gasping admi ration all the ovoning, and went to bed to enjoy what ho was wont to stylo ' a delicious nightmaro.' ^ Next day Tom was sent to tho station with Guffles for tho remainder of the luggago, and roturned in a high state of excitement. ' I'vo seen him, boss, I'vo seen him I ' ho exclaimed, rushing into tho room where Falkland and his friends vroro soated. Tho detective was out, renewing his acquaintance with his old tutor, John Forrester. ' Seen whom ? ' asked Fowler. ' Tho new ohum tramp I ' returned Tom. ' The ohap as ;como to Nundle tho night Mr. Curzon was shot. Such a lark I Ho was with another chap, and ho and his mate was both dressed liko parsons, with black rigs-out and white chokers. But I spotted him right off, aud dodged him. When I heard him speak, I was sure of him.' ' And what did he say — where is ho ? ' asked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex citement had produced a similar effect. I' Why, I should say ho is far enough off by this time,' replied Tom. 'It was thi3 way, you see. Whilo we — Guffles and me — was coming along on tho cab from that railway station — Watorloo Bridgo you oall it, I think —I saw this cove's ugly mug. He was walk ing along that street that's about aa long aB George-atrcet and Parramatta-street put together.' ' You mean tho Strand,' said Fowler. ' Go on, never mind description.' ' Well, I jumped off tho box, and followed close behind 'em,' continued Tom. ' Thoy didn't notice mo, why should they ? Then tho swagman aa waa turns to hia mate and saj'3, _ ' We'vo got half-an-hour to catch the Pnddington train. To - morrow morning Falkland's intended bride will be the bride of death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and caino hero liko a redshank.',' Falkland turned white to the lips, and was about to rush out of tho room, when Fowler seized his arm. 'Bo calm,' ho said, ' bo' calm, and leavo your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast cab immediately — or two rather. Promise the men a sovereign each if they uso their best Bpoed. Mr. Curzon, stay with your friend. I wiLl havo all ready by the time the cabs come.' When Tom returned with the vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, and a small caso under hia arm. 'Jump in,' he said, to Falkland, 'Mr. Curzon, you follow with Tom. We oan talk when we reaoh the station.' Away whirled the cabs, at a pace far above that allowed by tho regulations. ' Never mind your number boing taken,' Fowler shouted through the little trap in tho roof to the driver. ' A ten pound note will cover all. I will givo you twenty. Drive as fast aa you can — it is a ease of life and death.' Various futile efforts were made by aston ished policemen to arrest their progress, but in vain. At length tho panting horses drew up in front of tho station, and the party sprang out Falkland and Fowler immediately rushed into the telegraph office, followed by Curzon and Tom Grist. 'A form, quick,' said Falkland to the clerk. 'Where is the message for, Sir,' asked the clerk. ' Exotor, quiok, man, I say,' and Falkland stamped his foot in his impatience. ' Very sorry, sir,' replied the clerk, with exasperating coolness ; ' but you can get no message through to- night. There's been an accident to tho wires, and it will take some hours to find it out and repair it, for there has boen a very heavy fall of snow down the line.' ' Where is the station-master ? ' asked Fowler, seeing that Falkland waa utterly over come by this last blow. 'I must see him immediately.' Tho official was brought, and Fowler, ex. plained that a murder had been planned, and that in the absence of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe must ensuo. ' Very sorry, sir,' replied tho man, ' but I don't see what can be done. I oan't grant a speoial train, without authorisation from, a direotor. And by Jove, Sir, here oomeB one.' Aportly gentleman bustled up to the station master, with an air of importance. ' Beg pardon, Sir George,' said the offioial,' but these gentlemen are in a dreadful predica ment.' And ho related the cireumstancea. 'Dear mo, dear me,' oxolaimed tho director, ' shooting, shooking 1 The only thing you can do ia to hiro a special train, and that will be oxpenaive, fifty pounds at least.' ' I will give fifty times the amount to reaoh Falkland Court to-night,' exolaimed Falk land, vehemently. ' Eh, what 1 Falkland Court I Why, bless mo, who ia it they are going to murdor at Falkland Court?' 'My cousin Eoso,' said Falkland, in a choking voice, ' my dear, dear Eoso, and I, groat Heaven, stand hero helpless aa a oliild 1 ' ' Calm yourBolf, Sir Frederick, nil will bo nrrnnged,' exclaimed Fowler, soothingly. ' Sir Frederiok, ia it possible you aro the nephew of my poor old friend Ealph? ' Baid tho director. ' To be sure, of course you are ; I reoognise the likeness. Here, Thomas, a speoial train direotly, and tell them to send the best and most oaref ul men in the shed with it.' The kind-hearted old gentleman bustled about, and tho magio of his presenoe proved very effeotivo. In half-an-hour a powerful engino and tender, ; drawing ono carriago, started off at a speed of fifty miles an hour. Fowler looked at hia watoh, and made a. mental oaloulation. ' It will bo a near tiling,' ho said. ' If wa oan keep up this paeo wo shall reaoh Exetor a fow minutes after tho train in whioh thoso acoundrel8 aro. Lot us liopo for tlio best.' Ho unlooked tho caso which ho carried, and took out Bovoral rovolvera. Handing ono to each of tho party, ho said, ' Thero ia no timo for trifling now. Shoot him liko a dog if ho offers tho leaat resistance.' Falkland said nothing, but thoro was a glitter in his eyes as lie grasped tho weapon and thrust it into hia breast pnolcet that spoke volumes. Tom Griat quietly tuoked tlio rovolvor into his bolt, and winked. 11 1 swore I'd fetoh that raddlo-facod ohap,' ho muttered to himself, ' and if it oomea to shooting I rather think I'll ba among 'om.' Curzon, who still wore hia arm in a sling, had insisted on accompanying them ; and ho, too, mentally avowod to do his best if it camo to a ntrugglo. The journey. waa a very ailent ono, for, with tho exception of Tom Grist, each man was haunted by n dreadful fear, whioh he shrank from disclosing, that thoy might bo too lato after all. Tom Griat looked out of tho window, tho viow boing n novolono to him. Thero had boon a very heavy fall of enow, and the country was ono sheet of white. Tho roofs of the houses as they daahod through tho stations and towns on tho route wero heavily laden with snow. Tho trees in tho open looked liko sheeted ghosts looming through tho murky night. Tho monotonous rattle of tho engine, the regular clank of tho piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as ho sank back in a Blumber, from whioh he was not roused until tho train stopped.^ Then he found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland excitedly questioning tho stationmastcr. ' In half-an-hour ago, sir. Your special had to slacken tlio last fifty miles, for tho fresh fall has almost blocked the line. Horses ? Woll, I daresay you can got thom ot tho Bull. George, run up and ordor saddle horses— for how many ?— four saddle horses immediately. The gentlemen will bo there before tlioy aro ready. Bad weather for travelling, air.' Hurrying to tho Bull, thoy learnt that only threo lioraoa wero available.; tho remaining two having beon engaged by two persons who arrived in the regular down train. Not a word was spoken aa they waited. An awful senae of an.' impending calamity over hung tho whole party. It Boomed tacitly understood that Curzon, aB the least useful of the party, owing to his useless arm, should romain behind. He grasped his friend's hand as tho horses were brought out, and said in a low voice, ' God bless you, my dear Falk land ; may you be in time 1 ' On, on, fetlock deep in snow they dashed, the steam from tho horses enveloping them in a haze. The glare from tho Bnow gavo sufficient light to show the road, oven if Falkland had not known it so well. Tom Grist kept a few paces in tho rear — not that he was worse mounted or inferior in horse manship to ^his companions. On the con trary, it was his infinite superiority- in both respects that diotated the courso he was pur suing. Falkland aud Fowler dashed along at the top of their speed ; up hill and down dale alike. It's no good talking to them chapa, seeing the state of mind they'ro in,' said Tom to himself. 'But if them mokes ain't, bust afore they gets to' tho ond of their journey call me a new ohum. Now, this ain't a bad bit of stuff I've got across, and I've nursed him up the pinches. It strikos mo that when we gota that long avenuo tho swell cove as owns it spoke about, I shall spreadeagle 'em.' Tom's anticipation proved correct. When thoy reached tho lodge tho horses of Falkland and Fowlor wero thoroughly blown. Both shouted as loud aa they could, and the lodge keeper, half asleep, put hia head out of the window to ask what was the matter. Whilo Falkland waa calliug to him to open the gate,_ there was a rush, a dark form rose in tho air, and with a shout of 'Follow my loader,' Tom Grist had cleared tho park walls, and was tearing up the avenue, taking all he knew out of hia horso now that the road lay clear before him. Pulling up the animal at the flight of stone steps, his quick eyo detected an open window. Drawing hia revolver, he entered through the opening, and walked cautiously across tho room. Trained by his long experience in the bush, Tom's sight was liko a oat's, aud listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in tho direction of the grand staircase. As he stole along ho heard tho faint sound of approaoh ing horBes. Then he knew that hia frienda were at hand, and cooking the revolver, ho pro ceeded, muttering, ' I've got the lead, and I'll keep it. They'ro here, or the window wouldn't be open. I'll have the first ehot for the honor of Australia. And if I don't put a aet like a new ohum's bundle on that raddle-faced chap, may I never skin another 'possum I ' (To he Continued .J 