FACTS AND FRAGMENT., French silk manufacturers are reported to b?a be very hopeful as to the capabilities of a Fix big spider-lately discovered in Africa, which a weaves a. yellow web of. great. strength and atol elasticity. nor A LITTLE girl'joyfully assured her mother bel .the-other. day. that.she had found out where wi .they made horses.--she had seen a man finish ing one: ".He was.nailing on.his last foot," ar she said.. " Doctor; my daughter seems to be getting Am blind, and.she is just getting ready for her rio wedding.. Whatever- will she do? " " Let hb her go on. by all. means.. If anything can open eyes. marriage can." cll " CHINESE " GORDON took only a Bible and:an. atlas as.personal luggage on his way on to Khartoum.. He mapped out his conduct o by the-one and hliis route by the other. Few fru of: our- latter- day- statesmen. go forth so ' simply and yet so well laden. Ib Professor to a young' lady- student :- o "Your mark is very low, and. you- have. 1', only just passed." Young lady : " Oh, I. ir am so glad," Professor, surprised ::" Why 1" sy Young lady : "-I do, so. love' a. tight " squeeze.. " I Kxow we are somewhat poor my dear," c argued. the husband. " But then: you must tic bear in.mind that it isn't wealth that always: r : brings happiness.. "But it brings sealskin sacques, and diamonds,, and silk dresses," t responded the wife. AN American clergyman holds that if' ti' women.and men. would.only dance in sepa- ?'t rate rooms he would not object to dan-, do \- ing. "It would be just as graceful," he claimed, "and just as healthful exercise, and id' they could.keep step to the music just the of same." toto AN Astronomical Reason : M. Prud- l, homme, on leaving a matinee, performance, : says to a. friend, " It is curious. that each j time I 'direct my footsteps into one of these day representations, I never see a the star. What. do, you. suppose is the reason ? " "3My dear. M. Prudhomme, you r know that the stars only shine in the j night !" - A. thrilling ghost story is said to have ' been recently. wiitten by a girl of fifteen,. the daughter of an. English peer who bears a. o famous name, which. he. himself has made , more-famous both. as poet, as politician, and. as.proconsul.. The story has. as yet been printed'for private circulation only. It is supposed, that. its. young author's. name is , Lytton. Ae, old' minister- in Ohio seemed rather 1 opposed to, a educated ministry. Said he, ' B "Why, my brethering, every yonng man " who is going to. prehch thinks he must be s .. off to.some college.and study a lot of Greek C a and Latin. All. nonsense ! All wrong 1 What did Peter and. Paul know about Greek ? Why, not' a word, my. brethering. r No 1 Peter and Paul preached in the plain o old English, and so'll I." S Os. the morning of an academic election a candidate for the vacant chair meets one of his friends. "1My dear," says the friend, y" allow me to congratulate- you; it appears t that you have every chance of being elected,' S tThat is to say, that I had them. a month ago, at the time. I made my visits.; but n?ow. it, looks doubtful" "How. so , It is im possible-L You haven't published anything Sim JOHN. BROWN, a great employer of e labour at Sheffield, England, in a recent .t speech. deplored the .restlessness of. English artisans, and urged them to co-operate with , employers in winning back the waning. f trade. Steel plates, once aSheflield speciality i could now, he said, be got in Germany at S2,50dol. to 5dol, per ton less. Trade in Sall directions was leaving the country, which She believed had passed the height of her \- prosperity. S "On, yes," said the eldest Miss Culture , at table d'hote, the other evening, "I e. breakfasted yesterday with Mrs Brain e waite, and we.enjoyed a delicious repast excellent coffee, superior bread, and pisca Storial: globes done admirably." "What '" I asked her friend,. "Piscatorial globes," re peated the Boston miss. "And what under the sun.are they"-" "I believe," said Miss pOulture, drawing herself up stiffly, "I Ik believe uncultured people call them fish er balls." REJOICE, ye-advocates of woman's rights I (observes.the San Francisco Nevws Letter), for-a "master's license" has. !been granted to.B Mrs.Mary A. Miller, and she now proudly Swalks, the bridge of her own steamer, the se Saline,. as the first and only steamship cap ad tainess.in the wor!d. As Mary has red hair, re and weighs 1801b, it will be safe- to bet that when she navigates the Lower Missouri, where culture is in a somewhat bazckward ou state, and,the laaguage used more expres P sive-than chaste, she will be able to hold her own w.ith.anyone who tries to" steal a land-. d. ing." It is related of an assistant to a quack. doctor that he was once sent into the woods 'to get some of the. inner bark of a certain It tree, "Tom,"' said, the doctor," I want sr you, to serape, this. bark downward. It is for a cathartic.. Don't scrape it upward, of or it will be an.emetic. And ~whatever you , do,. Thomas, don't scrape it both ways. If 't you do, nobody'on earth.can tell you how it will act." 's A HIT at Wagner: Auber did not like the ." music of the future. After the first repre ie sentation of one of his later works, in which he had used the new forms, one of his or friends called his attention to the. fact, ly "Oh," replied the witty old man, " when I d want to I know how to make tiresome music at as well as other composers !" le AT the dentist's: " hMonsieur, you have Smade me a set of false teeth." "I know he it," replies the .dentist. "You promised n- me that they would be exactly like natural ones." "'Certainly." "Well, your false teeth make me suffer terribly." "And ed consequently they imitate nature all the re more." W rn is it that the man who drinks mean or whisky, eats onions, and smokes a strong p" pipe-always puts his mouth right in your face in a confidential way when he has anything a tosaytoyou1 a " "Your father was nothing but a simple Sbricklayer." "I know where you got that ed information,'" quietly' remarked the other. . "From whom did I get it ?'" " From your no father." "-How' do you know that 1" "Be .d. cause your- father was. my father's hod carrier." How I T IS Do?E--The first obj'.ct in lifewith tue Amerf. can people is to " get rich "; the ateond how to retduu their he?- Ith. The first can be obtainued by enerw y, Lonesty,andI' .aving ; the scond (good health), br using GasCt:'s Avousi FLowEs. Should you be a despondeut sufferer from any. of the effects of Dyspepsia. Liver Cozapliiut Indigestion, &c.;, such as Sick Headache, Palpitrati?nof the Heart- Sour stomach. Habitual: Costiveness, Dizzincoa of. 'the. Head, nervous Prostraton,. Low- Spiritsb. &c;:, you* needt not: ,suffer another day. Two doses ou; Au(LSI FLPoE;:will. believe you at onue. Saup:e bottles. 9,1; regular size 4s, 6d; Positively solI! by all flrst- clasi Drnwcists in Australia Wholesale:-PocxE, TOM?iSIrir. Co., Melbourne: * TiE PEOPLE \VAdT Pa.oor.-There is no medicine. prescribed by physici:an, or sold by drur?ists, that carries such evidence of its success and superior virtue as. BoscuEE's Ger.ax snUPn for severe Courhbs, Colds settled. on the breast, Consumption, or any disease of the Throat; and. Lungs. A proof of that fact is that any. pvrsoa, afflicted can get a sample Bottle for. 9d and try its sups- rior effect before buying the regular size at 4s Qd. It has lately been introduced in this country from Germany,. and its wonderful cures are astonishing everyone, that uses it. Three doses will relieve any case. Try it. All? Chemists and Storek,.eper:s. Wholesale by PRocar,.TOxp.. sar'r & Co.,. Melbourne. Arvice To 3Mon?.as !-Are you broken in your rest by suffering child with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at. once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mas. Wnxsow's. soorn?is SThIUP. It Ls peifectly harmless and Pleasant in taste, it produces natural quiet sleep, by.relieving, the chil - from ?aiu, and the little cherub awakes. "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allay: all pain, relieves wind, regulates the tbwels, and is th. I best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhtaa,.whether: rising from teething or other causes. Mas. Wcsszuw' - soTHIlNG SYRUP is sold by Mtedic,,e dealeru everywhere at. Is. Id. per l.ott:s. Tua o.sTAY IfrlOaNS Ao"n IA ,sEN Lss.-All sufsr-nA g from t irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost imnnedi.te relief.afforded by the. use of " Brown's Bronchial rroches." These famous. "lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is. Id. per box. People troubled. with a. at :acking cough," a " slight cold,'.' or bronchial-affections. cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowedto. progress, result in serious puimuonary and asthmatic affec tions. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government st.mp around.each box.-PIreparodt by Jons I. BaowN d bouys, Boston, U.S. European.depot moved to :3, Farringdon road, London. VALcUALE DIscovERY roa TIISL HAi .-If your hair is. turning grey or white, or falling off, use " Tre Mexican? Hair Renewer," for it will positively rasture in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most " i:estorers." It makes. the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots,. where glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "The IMexicau Hair renewer." sold by Cheumists and perfumers everywhere at Ss0wd. pIerbottle. Wholesale depot removed to li,Farring.. don read, London. PLoluLI.OS!-Fo n TEI TEETh AND r.EATHI.-bA few drops of theliqtid" Fiorilune " sprinklied ?o a wet toath-brai h. producesa pleasant lather, which thoroughly, cleauses the teeth from all parasites or imnpurities. hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, give tO the teet h. a peculiar pearly whiteness, and adelightful fragrance to the breathing. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from Jeeayed:teetit. or tubacco smoke. " The Fraragrut f'ioriinme." being com-. oJsesd in part of Honey and sweet herbs,. is delicious to. the taste, and the greatest toilet.discovery of the age.. Price 's. l1., of all Chemists and 'Perfumers.. Vhulesale, depo removed to w3, ParrnngduO. o-oad, London. TowtIY's 'PESfritorAI AhD STEEL 1ILLS FORt.FEYALES. quickly correct allirreg,.ucnties, and relieve the distressing : symptoms so prevalent n th the sex. Boxes, .2s fi 9d, of all Chemists. Prrcarld. only by E. T. Towler Chemist, Nottinghamu, England, Agents for Melbourne--. Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., Wholesale Druggists ; liemmuous; and Co., Wholesale Druggists; William Ford & Co., 76. Swanston street. A CAerD.--To all who are suffering from the errors and iuniscretion of.youth, nervous weakness, early decay, loss. of uanulood, oc., I will send a recipe that will cure you,. Free of Charge. This great remedy v.a. discovered by a: tUiissiouary in South America. Send a self- addressed en vam:ope and sixpence to prelray postage to the rev. Joseph. T. Inmuan, Station I, Now iork City, U.S.A. PAGEc Wooncoci's WIND: PILLSt.-i 3 years the popular and favourite medicine for the cure of Wmin on the Stonaena. Indigestion, Biliousness, Liver Complaints, ke. Tney are certauu and mild in their action, fnd are taken by lid and. young with equal beuefit. (.t all Uneuusts at Is id, .sStd,. 4s td ; family bores,lls. Proprietor, Page L. WuuLdcock,. r Linco?l, England. 