Nutllnc Tho Nova wns dumb with ice. The sky, gray nnd stony ns a dome of granite, looked ns if never again would sunlight melt it into blue nnd gold. A keen blast swept through the streets, nnd every wayfarer drew bis wrapping closer nbout him with a shudder. As tbo Uount Vladimir grasped the heavy fur cloak at which tho wind was snatching, he noticed before him the slight figure of a woman speeding on her way. Sho woro a dingy dress of black sergo and a very ugly poke-bonnet; yet there was something re fined nnd graceful in her movements, and she hnd no warm wrap of any sort to protect her from the blast. "What a difference thero is between women nnd women," thought Vladimir. "Dorao aro corn 10 iuo purple — others to bear tho cross. I don't wonder nt those poor devils of Nihilists sometimes, whcn-l 6ec how tbo poor aro ground into tbo dust. Think of Nndinc, with her velvets, her sables, her ermine, her Indian shawls, her softly perfumed nnd heated apartments full of flowers nnd hrio-h-hrac— and then this poor creature who has not a shawl .to put nbout her." And Vladimir's face, that a moment before hnd reflected some of the gloomy severity of tho weather, grew eloquent nnd illumined nt tbo vision called up by his thoughts. A pale, high-bred face, with only the faintest sug gestion of color— like an apple-blossom— in tho checks, deep, dnrk-blue eyes, 'golden- fringed, a broad, white brow, with little soft waves of bright hair floating over it ; a mouth liko a child's, yet proud enough for a queen ; a throat made for jewels ; arms thnt outshone tho milky gleam of the pears that encircled them ; a fall of silken drapery, a tolnt atmosphere of violets— nil seemed to come liko a radiant vision into tho bleak, cold street ns tho young mnn thought of Nodinc ! " There is nono like her — none I" bo said ; but the next moment ho wns forced to re tract his unuttercd thought, for tbc woman in front staggered and would have fallen but for his arm. As the count, with that innate gallantry which- was part of his nature, sprang for ward to assist her, the vail thnt covered her face blew back for a moment, and their eyes met. If ho had been struck with a sudden blow he could not have fallen back more helplessly. His face paled, and he cried out : "Nadinc 1" But the woman stared nt him, and dropped her vail with muttered thanks. Before he could rccovcrhimsclf she bad turned into n side street thnl led cut of the fashionable quarter and into the poorer precincts. The count sprang after her. ' " What could it mean 7" he kent rancntinrr to himself. " Perhaps only a romarknble re semblance, or it was posslblo Nadtno had a foster-sister I" But his heart kept asserting thnt this was no one but bis own love. Hnd ho not looked into those eyes too often to be mis taken— didhenot knowthc lip he hnd kissed? A whirlwind of conjecture, doubt, jealously, and love tore through his heart as he rushed on. He would know the truth, even if he hnd to 6cize this uuknown and hold her fast till she confessed I Was this a masquerade, or an intrigue, or perhaps somo foolish wager 7 Was the girl mad to go out unattended on this freezing day, without oven clothing enough to protect her from the cold 7 lie grew quite frenzied as he dashed after licr. Suddenly she disappeared. It was ns if the ground hnd swallowed her up. Ho stood bewildered for a while. If she luid entered any house, perhaps she would come out after a while, nnd lie promenaded the streets for linlf-an-hour. But if it wns Nndinc, she would avoid him purposely. All, if it were Nndinc ! Why could ho not ascertain that fact at once by going to her house and making some pretense for coming to see her then, instead of waiting till oven- ing! He did not lose any more time, but walked on at a great pace. He did not feel tho biting blast any more, neither did he hlnk to call n carriage which would have ox- Edited matters. The baleful fires ' ilousy that had been kindled in Mb head pthim warm and absorbed. Yot ho could not think of that pure and noble face and believe in any deceit. Ho mado his way up tho broad stalrcaso, flanked with flowers, and surprised Sophlo with a feather duster in ono hand and n ftifgi/d'shcphcrdcss in tho ether. "Your mistress 7" ho said, curtly. " Ab, monsiour 1 Madame was in the bath I I will sec if sho bas mado bcr toilet yet." VlftrUmlr imtfl a. 1nnr» r\t ntirt throw hlmsolf into a great plush-covorod chair. " Do not disturb her. I owe her an apology for coming before my time." Tbc maid disappeared, and in nbout ten minutes Nhdino parted tbo Persian hangings at the door and stepped softly In the room. Sho wns dressed In a blue velvet, trimmed with silver-fox. Sho woro a heavy silver necklace and brncclots. Her hair clung in damp, curling masses about her fresh, puro toco, and her eyes hod a tender glow in their blue depths, liko the sunshine behind a luminous Summer sky. " My darling 1" be cried, springing up, " I was devoured by a longing to sco you again, Can you forgive me for interrupting that most important rite to a woman— making her toilet." "I have nothing to forgive," she said, smiling up into his faco. "I expected you, know, this evening, and now tho plcasuro will be longer, for you can dino with me." Vladimir drew her toward him, " I cannot stay inter than nine. I havo to bo on duty to-night." "Where 7" " At tho Winter Palace." He felt tho girl shudder, and then sho leaned heavily against him. She bad fainted 1 But it was only for a moment. A gless of wine restored her. "I am not usually so wdak," sho said, "You must not try to sit up yet!" ex claimed Vladimir, as Nadinc's companion, an elderly lady of morose aspect, bustled about her. " I insist upon your taking tbis reclining- chair. I was only saying I wns on duty at tho Winter Palnco this evening." Nndino was silent, but by a motion dis missed her companion. " Do you know," exclaimed tho count, wishing to divert her, " that I had a singular adventuro this evening. I saw your double." Nndino paled again. " Don't I" she faltered ; "you know, when one is about to die, such visions come some times to ono's friends." Vladimir felt that ho was unfortunate in his topics of conversation this evening. "My child, you are nervous," ho said, holding her whito hands fast in his, and dropping a kiss in each rose-tinted palm. "Tbis was no wrath, but a solid flesh and blood woman, for I held her in my arms," Nndinc looked at him with a rosy flush and an arch smile, "Ah, sir, give an account of yourself; no flirtations nra allowed even with ray doublo." " Tbis was a poor girl who stumblhd, and I caught her— that was all i" exclaimed Vladi mir, eagerly ; but tho strangest part of it is that sho was your very counterpart. Even my heart crieu out, 4 It is Nadine V " " How very odd i" answered the girl, care- lessly. " i snouiu iiico to see tier." 44 Your own reflection in tho mirror is not move like," answered Vladimir. "By-the- way, I have just remembered a letter that a boy put into my hand. Will you permit me toreadit?" 11 Certainly," answered Nadine, with an anxious air, that did sot disappear while tho count looked over the scrap of paper he held in his bond. "An anonymous note I" bo said, in dis gust. 44 What is it about?" asked Nadine, with a strange tremor in her voice. . 41 Listen : « Do not go to tho Winter Palace to night ; thero is an enemy awaiting you.' " Boh, as if every man has not some enemy ! I should have a pleasant life dodg ing mine I" " But you will not go, love 7" said Nndino, nestling her band in his. " I shall be miser able now if you do." I should not have troubled you with this rubbish," answered Vladimir, hastily. "I never notice anonymous notes. It is a rule of my life." " But a friend might havo sont tbis," raid tho yoong girl, nervously clasping bcr hands, " and you will notice it for my soke." 44 But, child, I am on duty to- night. A Nadino raid no more, for dinner was an nounced, but she seemed absent and troubled. Onco tbc meal was over, however, she grow brighter, nnd appeared to exert all licr Eowcrs to fascinate her lover. 8bo rang to im, and sho had a delicious voice— the sort of voico that the sirens used when thoy lulled mortals into forgctfulncss of every thing. But Vladimir wns a soldier, and ho did not forget. Ilo looked at his watch. 44 You might charm a man's soul out of bis body with that voice of yours," ho raid, at last; "but I liavo only half-nn-hour raoro.. Come and talk to me." Nadine shuddered visibly. 44 Dear, I have n presentment— I cannot let you go. My presentments always mean something." "Arc you gifted in that lino?" Vladimir answered, with a smile. " I cannot believe in such things. I haven't a vcstlgo of stipe- 6titibn nbout me. But I would not glvo you n paog for the world, if I could spare you I Only you see, darling, its impossible. I should be disgraced if i stayed away. " But if you. were ill?" 44 But J am not. Even then I would havo some trouble nbout it." " Ah, well 1 I shall not breathe a free breath till 1 6ce you again. Here is our coffee." And Nadine bestirred herself with pouring out into tho two cups of priceless porcelain a rich, clear amber fluid that sent out a deli cious aroma into the room. Vladimir in tho meantime walked to the window and looked out. Angry clouds wcro skurrying across the sky, and the night looked bleak and dark. The room with its warm coloring, Nadine in her picturesque dress, offered a great con trast to the bleakness outsido. He was a littio infected by her fears In nitft nf lilmfiAlf. IWIiaiii anmn rltnl ten a lying in wait for him. Ah, well, he.was fore- warned, and that was something, and he was a skillful swordsman. Nadinc presented a charming picture as she made tuc coffee ready for him. There wns something domestic in the act that went to his heart, and made him feel wlintn charm she would give his dally life. lie drank the coffee with some such compli ment to her ; but then he remarked thnt it hnd a singular flavor. By degrees, in the midst of his talk, his eyes closed, his head began to sway from one aide to tho other, and ho went fast asleep. Nadinc's face wore a flush of triumph as she saw it. 44 1 only hope I did not make it too strong," she thought, as she watched with beating heart the sleep which looked so like death. " Will he ever forgive me when he wakes ? I do not care — I have saved him !" And sho slipped a pillow under his head and went out of tho room, turning tho key. 44 The count is ill," she said to Sophie, who waited in oa gate-room " See that ao ono disturbs him. He will not go outto-nigbt." Valdimcr lay thero in a heavy, dreamless slumber, nnd did not appear to novo moved when the sun sent an arrow of light into tbo' room directly upon Ms face. Then bo stirred uneasily. Thoro seemed to bo a band of nain about his bend, and bo could not lift tho neavy eye lids. Then somo ono bathed his hot forehead with cool nnd fragrant cologne, and a soft voice asked.: "Aro you hotter now 7" 41 Better 7" ho faltered. 11 Have I been ill 7" "Why, yes," answered Nndino, as ho opened liisoycs nnd looked other. "You have been hero all night." Vladimir started to his foot, staggered a lltt.ln nnrl sni rlnnm nrniln Tlinv «pam nrvlnir something in the street ; Ms senses wore not so benumbed that ho could not mako out tho words — 41 Attempt to kill tho Ozar I Ex- Kloslon nt tho winter palaco! Number of ves lost !" Horatasono frozen— as one dumb. Then bo looked into Nmlino's face. It flushed up rosy red beneath Ms gaze. 44 1 soo it all— you drugged the coffcol"ho cried. "You know of tlus plot. IIow did you know of it?" His tone was seve'ro. Never before hnd he addressed her snvo in words of tenderness and love. Nndino throw hersolf boBido him and seized his bauds. "Yes, I know of it. I was determined to save you at any prico." " At a fearful price 1" ho cried—" tho price of my honor. Tell mo how you know of tho plot, and why did you not give warning 7" 41 Because," faltered the girl— 14 bccauso I am ono of thorn. I am a Nihilist." "You!" ho cried, pushing her away from hira— 44 you belonged to tbo accursed brood who stop at nothing ; who lio, assassinate, lay mines for blowing up innocont pcoplo j You tho botrothed of Count Vladimir— a Nihilist?" 44 Yes; but you cannot say /stopped at nothing, darling," bIio whispered, "for I would not risk your life." " Bah 1 What is my life compared to tbo Czar's 1" ho cried. " 1 shall bo disgraced ; I shall bo classed with the assassins, bccauso I whole story, Nadinc." There was a little softonlng In his voico as lio uttered tbnt beloved unmo, and it helped the poor girl to spenk. "Dear, my father died in Siberia," she murmured, "so 1 drew la Nihilism with tbo very nir in childhood. I am an enthusiast in everything, nnd I wns ready to glvo up all —even myself for tho cause, l took tho oath to mako all subservient to them ; I went about in a poor dress as one of tho working peoplo. It was I you saw yester day, dearest : it was I who wrote you tho letter. I knew of tho plot, but my oath for bade my disolosiog it. If 1 had dono so it would have been euro death !" " And was it part of tho plan that you should marry me 7" asked Vladimir, with some bitterness. ' Yes," answered Nadino, castingdown her eyes ; 41 but, ob, Vladimir, my heart spoke for you boforo you were mentioned. I vowed I would be true to you first la everything, nnd I have kept my vow. I havo raved your life, and they will find some way to punish me. Every step I tako Is known, and even now tho fact tnnt you wcro hero, instead ot nt tho Winter Palace, will discloso what thoy will cossidor my treachery. Oh, my dnrliog, do not forsake me now, for I stand nlono ; I have iven up( my faith— I havo broken my oath tIio young man was not mode of marble, and bo could not withstand such pleading. "You will come out from tho accursed intng, ana navo no more to aowttnicr uo criou. " Thoy would cast rob out. I am a traitor," she gasped ; "but I havo risked my life for yours." Tkcn'tkc emotion overcame her, and she fell fainting into his arms. The cxcitemont in the streets was intenso. Vladimir was stopped every five minutes by some acquaintance and questioned, but he knew nothing of course, and questioned them in return. Somo soldiers hnd been killed ; but tbo Czar was unhurt. Ho looked 111, and so his apology was received with only a reprimand for not reporting it. His fears woro not allayed, howover. Timo might discloso tho facts, or suspicion might rest upon him, nnd to bo suspected in Russia is to bo lost. Ho must try and got away with Nndino boforo it was too late. Ho went to her house nt night full of Ms plans. Ho found Nadine looking pale and wan. Her eyes were heavy, ana deep purple ciralcs woro under them. 44 What is it 7" be cried, in sudden alarm. " Has anything happened to darix all tho color out of your face in this way 7 Oh, my darling, perhaps I was hard with you this morning— forgive me I I have had such a horror of thoso traitors and assassins, nnd to find that mv own love hnd been invciclcd into that hellish band, wns almost enough to upset my reason. But I jean understand it better now. And when I think of Siberia and its horrors— and remember that you bave lived always with the memory of a father's fate before vou, 1 must forget and forgivo nil. We will go' to somo sunnier, freer land, dnrliog. " " Yes," sho answered, in a strangoly sub- duod way, that seemed to send a shudder to bis very soul. . Her eyes did not meet his, and sho trembled fromi head to foot. - He sprang to her side nnd seized bcr hands. They were cold as lee. 44 Tell roc, .ho faltered; "tboro is some thing." 44 Look on the table— in that bpx," she said, in a low voice. Tho box wns an ordinary pasteboard one, and within It, on a bit of tissuo paper, lay a cross of white immortelles. 44 What docs it mean?" cried Vladimir. 41 It is for my grave. It was sent to me an hour ago." - 44 Nadine, my darling, you arc talking wildly— you aro 111 1"' "No, I know what I am raylog. That crora means thnt I am doomed. I have be trayed them, and their vcngcnnco is sure." 44 But it shall not bo I" ho cried, clasping bcr in bis arms, ns if to defy tho wltolo Nihilist party, and oven death itself, to snatch licr from him. 14 1 will guard you with my life ; they shall not approach you." Nndinc smiled— a pale, wan ghost of a smllo. 44 How littleyou know of their power 1' sho said. "Tfioy havo their Instrumcuts everywhere— even In my own household. Perhaps one of my servants— possibly Sophie. The last glass of water 'I drank may liavo been drugged, or the wine at my next dinner may hold my death." 44 Rut dismiss all of them and toko new onc9." he cried. " Where would lie my safety in that 7" she answered . " Why should a new servant not be a tool as well as the old 7" 44 Well, wo will fly secretly this very night," he cried, In a fever of anxiety. 44 1 will tako you to my mother." A faint light of liopo came into Nmlino's eyes, nnd the wild rose tint colored her pale checks. 44 Yes j let us go nt once," she whispered 44 Wo will start ns for a drive. Have you a passport?" 44 Of course ; nnd I must doctor it in some way so as to take in a companion. 1 am not suspected yet, and— My God! are you fainting ?" 44 1 am dying," faltered tbo girl, falling hack. 44 Oh, dearest, 1 hove felt the doom approaching all day. Only for ono little moment it seemed that I might escape it. Wo would have been very happy together, would wo not, darling? Now yon must learn to bo happy without me." And her face grew ashen whito and was convulsed with pain ; but sho murmured : 1 1 have saved you. I am glad, even If 1 die for It J" " Vladimir was ringing the boll wildly. "Quick! Bring a phyricinn 1" ho cried to tho sorvonts who flocked at tho call. < 'Your mistress is poisoned! My darling, wo will savo you yet 1" bo cried, holding hor bands, and feeling, with a cold horror, that thoy wcro stiffening in bis grasp. "Ah, lovo, do not hopo I" sho murmured, 11 How cold it 1b growing t Hold mo closer ; lot mo feol your dear arms round rao whou tho chill waters aro encircling mo. Ob, my darling, I havo loved vou well 1 No ono can lovo you hotter. It Ms so hard that all mnst end now. Why oonld thoy not lot mo livo 7 I did not do them any barm. All, cold, cold 1 I sco tbo Icq fields. Must I walk over them 7 Ob, my father, shall I walk with you over theso desolate fields of Bnow 7 Ah, this is Siberia 1" But this chill was colder, drearier, dead- Hor than oven the ley blast that blows over tho frozen steppes o! thnt desolato land where all who enter loavo hopo behind. This was death. 