MY ANCESTOR'S GHOST: A CHRISTMAS REMINISCENCE. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] By Edmund E. Bi/AND, " NOT believe in ghosts !" said my pretty cousin, Nell Carew, fixing her blue eyes on me with unfeigned surprise ; " why, what an infidel you must be !" We were seated in a corner of the spacious drawing-room in Eaglethorpe Hall, tbe re sidence of my uncle Peter, to whom I was on a visit. It was Christmas Eve, and the walls were decorated, in true Old-English style, with wreaths of holly—the red berries forming a pleasing contrast to the background of glis tening dark-green leaves. Evergreens were twined round the pictures ; and over the doorway hung a bough of mistletoe, in readi ness for willing victims. A yule log blazed on the hearth—for my uncle always made a point of keeping up the customs of his fore fathers, who had held their Christmas reVeb in the old mansion since the days of " Good Queen Bess." It was my first experience of an English country house, as I had only arrived in London a fortnight previously from Sydney, my birthplace. I need not say how heartily I had been greeted by my uncle and his family, consist ing of his wife, two daughters, and a son about my own age. Although I had been an inmate of their house for such a short time, yet I felt quite at home among my relatives, aud had already formed an opinion that Nelly was the prettiest and most piquante girl I had ever met. On this pai'ticular evening T had been enjoying a very pleasant tete-d-tete with her, and our conversation had led by easy stage? to the customs of Christmas-tide. The transition to spectres and things mysterious was only natural, and my scepticism with regard to such subjects caused my fair com panion to open fire on me with the words above recorded. " Have you never seen a ghost V* con tinued Nell, with all a woman's pertinacity. " Never," I replied; " and I don't suppose I shall have the nonour. Of course I have read about them in works of fiction ; but that is no actual proof of their existence. May I, in my turn, ask if >/ou have been favoured with a. view of any of these shadowy visitors ?" " No," she replied, slowly ; " but I have often heard strange noises in the dead of night ; and, besides, ;ill the country folk about here know that the Hall is haunted." "You two must be having a very in teresting* conversation, when it causes you to remain so quiet," said Poppy Carew, coming up to us. " Hits Nell Wen entor taining you with her ideas on district visit ing, Ealph, or church decorating ? Which V "Neither, fair coz," 1 replied. "Wq were discussing the more philosophical question of ghosts. I profess a disbelief in anything of the kind ; whilo your aißter" holds v different opinion.'* "S« do I," said Popj)y, seating herself beside us, " and I think yoii deserve to be frightened out of your senses—that is, if you have any—for daring to doubt such an indisputable fact. Why, every house that has any claim to antiquity possesses one ghost at the very least. Thu purer the ineage the greater the number of spectres. Whether it be the spirit of sonic defunct Crusader or cavalier, Jucobito or modern gentleman, matters little, so loug as the world of shadows is i-epresented." "In that case it follows that we are equally distinguished," I said. "Most decidedly, sir." said Poppy, making a signal failure to call ap a frown on her pretty face. " You must be a very degenerate Carew to think otherwise. Where is your family pride ? I should like to know. But I suppose yon colonials « smile at claims of long descent,' and only trouble yourselves about pedigree when it concerns some prize bull or imported racehorse." " We'll get Walter to tell you the legend of our ancestor, Sir Leonard," said Nelly, before I conld reply to Poppy's attack. " There's just enough of the tragic element in it to make it interesting—especially on Christmas Eve." "Do so, by all means," I answered; and she rose and crossed the room, quickly re turning with her brother. "The legend !" said Walter, stretching himself back in a comfortable arm-chair; M with pleasure. You girls have heard it fifty times ; but it will be quite new to Ralph. Just take notice whether his hair rises at odd intervals or not." We laughed, and composed ourselves to listen. "At the time of the civil war between Charles and his Parliament," began my cousin, "the head of our family was Sir Leonard Carew, a man about forty, who, by report, was universally detested on ac oount of his haughty manner and tyrannical temper. But, with all his faults, he was brave and loyal; so when the King un furled his standard, and the • gallants of England' flocked to his support, Sir Leonard was one of the first to offer his sword and services. He shared in the glories of Edgehill and Roundaway Down, and in the disasters of Naseby and Marston Moor. When the last-mentioned defeat scattered the Royalists to the winds, he was compelled to fly and seek refuge in France, leaving his wife and infant son at the Hall to the tender mercies of Old Noll's saints. Lady Carew waited patiently for more than four years, but no tidings of the fugitive ever reached her, and she began to think that her lord had perished. This thought did not trouble her greatly. Her marriage had been one of convenience, not love, and Sir Leonard was twenty years her senior. So as time passed, and he did not return, she emerged from her seclusion ; gave frequent parties and balls to the neighbouring gentry— in short, lived the gay life of a grande dame of the period. Among those who visited the Hall was Captain Brandon, an officer in Pride's Dragoons, who had been one of her lovers previous to her marriage. She was only too willing to console herself for her husband's absence; he but too eager to re new their former intimacy. Happy in each other's society they forgot that any hour might bring vengeance on their heads; forgot the world while living in one of their own creation; and only knew that life was sweeter when they were together. But the day of retribution was at hand. It was the Christmas Eve following the battle of Worcester, and Lady Carew was standing in the western corridor with Brandon be side her. The moonlight streamed in through the windows on the dark handsome features of the soldier—the pale refined beauty of his companion. As the last stroke of midnight died away, the captain turned to go. He was in the act of kissing her hand, when the door suddenly opened, and Sir Leonard confronted them. There was an evil frown on his face, an ominous glitter in his eyes, as he surveyed the pair. Lady Carew shrieked with un affected terror, but the Roundhead drew his sword, crying : «What accursed spirit has sent you hither?' 'Nemesis!' briefly responded the returned exile, as their blades crossed. It must have been a terrible scene that fight in the moonlight. The two men revenge in the heart of one, desperation in the other—each seeking the life of hi* anta gonist ; while the guilty cause of it all crouched in a corner, trembling with fear. Brandon had no chance. He was opposed to the deadliest blade in the royal army, and ere many passes had been exchanged he knew he was doomed. ' Look, madam !' cried Sir Leonard, fiercely, to his wife ; ' see how a Carew avenges his dishonour !' As he spoke the Roundhead fell at his feet— lifeless ! Tradition has it that the lady died soon afterwards, a victim to cruelty and ill treatment, although no one dared to say so until her husband's death, which happened ten years after the tragedy at Eaglethorpe Hall. That is ye fege'nde," concluded Walter ; " and every Christmas Eve since then it is said t^at the spirit of our ancestor re.visits the scene of his vengeance at midnight." " v O w, you unbeliever," said Nell, rather maliciously, "you have a fine opportunity to satisfy younwlf as to the truth of the story. Thu is Christinas Eve ; you know where the corridor is. What is to prevent your going there at 12 and interviewing Sir Leonard ? lam siire it would tie A novel experience for you." " A \iAp\tj ttlotiglitj fialpii!" jjut in Walter, with ft significant glance «t his sisters. "We have an idea you Australians are plucky enough ; it remains for you to convince us we are right. No Carew has ever yet shown the white feather." " And I won't be the first, rest assured," I interrupted, determined to face his Satanic Majesty rather than admit I was afraid of anything, natural or su]iernatural. " I will do as you suggest, though I am positive I shall have my trouble for nothing. v Notts vertons/" returned my cousin) with another peculiar look at the girls. "By-the-way, there is. a portrait of the gentleman we have been speaking of* in your room. You will be able to recognise the original by that when yotf see him;" Soon afterwards the family retired for the night } Nell whispering a* Bhe passed me: "Don't forget your tryßt with his ghost ship." Walter accompanied me as far as the door of my bed-chamber, where he left me— with a cheery " Good-night "-^-to my reflec tions. I must confess the appearance of the apartment was not calculated to reassure a. nervous person, for the dark bed-curtains and black oak-panelled walls gave it quite a funereal aspect. Opposite td the fire-place hung the time-mellowed portrait my cousin had referred to. I had noticed it before, casually ; but now, with the recollection of the legend fresh in my memory, it was with some curiosity that I examined it. The keen gray eyes of the old cavalier seemed to look straight into mine, and I could almost fancy a sardonic smile stole, acfosa the swarthy visage. " I can't compliment you on your good looks, my worthy ancestor," I said, with, careless levity. "You are not such an agreeable vit-d-vis as a society belle would be ; but one point in your favour, you won't bore me with the uninteresting small talk those fair creatures are so apt to indulge in." And I turned away, and, drawing a chair close to the cheerful fire prepared to while away the time with a cigar until the hour of twelve should strike. Lost in those idle fancies which the weed never fails to bring, I did not notice the progress of the "old gentleman with the scythe" until the turret clock began to peal forth its noisy warning. The hour had come ; but I own that the prospect of the expedition did not inspire me with much pleasure. On the contrary, I felt that I would rather postpone it sine die. But then the thought of how Nelly and the others would laugh at me decided me to carry out my intended programme. I rose to ray feet, opened the door, and after traversing several passages found myself at the spot mentioned in the legend. The stillness which reigned around was almost oppressive in its intensity, while the moonlight, streaming in at the windows, made the corridor appear as though it wene filled with silvery mist, through which the effigies in armour glittered strangely. A minute passed, and T began to grow impatient. " Hang it all!" I said,half-aadibly ; "of course there's no ghost. Just as I expected. I'm a foot for coming." I had hardly spoken when a panel in the wall opened noiselessly, and a figure ap peared at the farther end of the passage. I felt a cold shiver sweep through me as I recoguised the form of Sir Leonard. Every detail of costume was identical with that in the portrait The blue silk doublet with its broad lace collar, the Spanish beaver and black feathers, were there—and the eyes looked sternly at me. I stood motionless, my heart beating a rataplan against my ribs, and a dewy per spiration on my forehead. It was a terrible moment! I tried to speak, but my tongue seemed spell-bound. The apparition, after eyeing me deli berately from head to foot, slowly advanced in my direction, the long rapier trailing on the polished floor. This was too much for any mortal, however sceptical he might be, and my courage fell to zero. As he approached closer to me I took a few steps backwards, and in another instant I should have beat an inglorious retreat, when, fortunately for me, the sword got be tween the ghost's legs, and he fell crash on the floor! Like a flash the truth dawned on me. The noise was too substantial for the airy proportions of a spirit to make; so before he could rise I had him by the throat. Flesh and blood, sure enough. " Deuce take it!" gasped the well- known voice of Walter; " don't strangle a fellow. Let ftp, Ralph !" " What on earth are you masquerading here for at this hour of the night?" I asked, releasing my hold, and allowing him to rise. "Is thiß meant for my especial benefit, or are you rehearsing for private theatricals 1" " Well! the truth is," answered the coun terfeit ghost, tenderly feeling his neck, "that the girls and myself determined to test your courage, so we rummaged out this costume, which ib one I wore at our last fancy-drew hall, and I agreed to personate the spirit of our ancestor. That, with th« aid of grease, paint, and false hair, was. not very difficult—and you know the festik.- We felt pretty sure you would be curious enough to visit the western corridor, ami, you Enow, you deserve a little punishment for your tmbelief in such tirae-hououivd celebrities as ghosts.- Confem, now, you did feel rather scared/ "Not d particle I" I protested, stotttly. " 1 was ouly admiring you"r get-up—so like the original, you knOWi Really, Walter, you look every inch a ' son of Belial/ But don't you think, now, you had better retire into your frame again ? It's rather chilly, and I'm getting sleepy." "Well, good morning," said my cousin, adding, laughingly: " Don't be too certain you won't find the real Sir Leonard snugly ensconsed in your bed." I was soon between the sheets, dreaming that the old cavalier, dressed as a clergy* mad, was performing the cerern»ny of marriage in the corridor, and that Nelly and I were the principal acton in the drama. When I awoke, the dawn was stealing in through the windows, and the chimes of Eaglethorpe tfhttroh were proclaiming the advent of Christmas liay; 0 tempora mutantiurf Many Christmas Eves hare come and goiie; siuoe then many alterations taken place. Poor light-hearted Walter fell in the Zulu war, at the head of his regiment; Poppy ig now Lady Errol, well known in West End circles; and Nell —well! hat name is still Carew, bnt with the prefix of "Mrs." So my dream came true; and the beauty of Eaglethorpe is my cherished wife. In conclusion, I hope that those of my readers who are under the influence of Eros may be equally happy in their suit; and, in wishina them "A Merry Christmas," I sincerely trust they may never undergo such an unpleasant experience as I did when I first encountered Mr Ancestor's Ghost. 