Hoveltet THE WHITE WOMAN; OB THE HIGHLAND GIBL'S CAP- TIVITY AMONG AUSTRALIAN BLACKS. -V". ;, A Sioire OF IHB -.AUSTRALIAN PIOXEEBS. CHAPTER XVIII. C&JS1MG; THE B USERANGER8, ' • By ANGUS MeLEAN. iCIHOIl OF H4BKT : BIiO()lffiFIEr.D. taffi Stuaet took up a large bloet of fine' laud, which he stocked and . formed into a station, after which he went hack to Sydney accompanied by Donald, in the expectation 1 of meeting with Bella, whom Mr. McKay in-, formed him by letter was on her way out and was daily expected. On his arrival he vras greatly disappointed and alarmed, the vessel not having arrived, although consider- ' ably overdue. ; In the interval Donald and Marv were mamed, and as Charlie could not wait W longer, he was compelled to return to His' station, takmg with him Donald asoverseer, • ana Mary as housekeeper. Mr. McKay proved to send word by special messenger as soon as the ship arrived, but that happy S,r e r 0C0Urrea; for -yearB passed away S 1 ' 1 "? Concerning the.missing ," l6d a11 P art!es: ™ th intense orrow. Charlie.was thus, once more plunged tete hl dt ? iEtime a PP««tly without ntt rTm eD iT a S ^lightest.hapsfTtr < hmei himeeU {or encouraging for hi B i V ^ niece, and thl ders wb ii th e i >lame npon his own shdnlm ilvh upoa hie ™ind, and ulti-. mitely brought him io his grave. sharedin;thetmi-' Z £ ' IT of her y° nD S mstreaB . and named her first born after, her? " J™ oi . h l s } n P s to Sydney, Charlie be- » with a very respectable ana S i ' 1 /' n , amed Forbes, the head of hS Tl a br0l i ler t0 the Mvocate of Edin- 2?J, * °S. e of the earliest and" wealthiest. m th S 1 e , colon y- The /eldest. of the • Hn™ ~ y0Ung lafl y possessing many attracnons, was engaged to a gentleman by the name of Melville, who had -lately arrived ; he m posEessed of considerable wealth, and <tas snarching for stations, and on his return the marriage was to be celebrated. This Mr. Melville (whom . Charlie had not as yet seen) was also an acquaintance of the Forbes' in Edinburgh, but Charlie could not recollect that name among the visitors at the A^pcate's house, he therefore supposed that • • the :acquaintanceship was formed after he - eft. - 1 :. About this time some of the inland districts were, infested, with a band of bushrangers, under the leadership of a fearful desperado, known as Captain Melrose, whose depredations outrivalled those of any gang in the annals of colonial history. Not a week,' orhardly a day, passed without -bringing some fash intelligence of outrages committed by them. .. A large reward was offered by government lor their apprehension, but without effect,and the audacity and coolness with whioh theirleader -carried on his practices, completely echpsed all previous acts of buahranging. Naturally of a captivating manner, and possessed of great personal attractions, he: invariably succeeded in ingratiating himself m ™ estimation of unsuspecting and-iespectable society, representing himself ss a man of fortune in search of stations. " in this disguise he became possessed of in-,, regarding parties: carrying cash ana other valuables, and in: somermstances where valuable property-had been deposited w security, which was Boon jiouiiced upon, as ae had his followers always on,the alert. ihe mails were constantly robbed. baiiks "M stores sansackedj priBonerB- were libe- ' a in fact, society seemed."completely paralysed by the accounts which day after ? a J appeared. Charlie, with his overseer Donald, had been upon business to Sydney, ana. on their return journey passed through a township which aaa the previous night been visited by the notorious Captain Melrase and his band, lollowi Tk' D e circumstances:— •> • - fi, f f y before was the annual race day in mattojvn, when all the ipeople in 'the.surrounding country met. Among others there ™ a Btrange gentleman, who put up at the Pnncipal hotel ? he visited the racecourse, and a ™ engaging: manner and apparently af- ™ent circumstances, had attracted thenotiee ot many, among whom were the stewards, hS? ga u- e U m a moBt 'oordial invitation to the took place the evening following. According to custom the chte of the disrnet attended .the ball, and the stranger, who pined ,the confidence: of aU present by his gentlemanly.behaviour, .became .a great favo- The night being warm and the room rather woss. Captain. Melrose sought the cool: air about one o'clock in the morning. After absent for a.short time, heretumed. to conBternation of aU present, and was folwwed by a bando£:armed:menj-hethencomr jaanded everyone present to bail up oU one ^'ue of the aoom, his men' presenting their arms at the time at them. He then ad- "ressed them, saying: "Ladies and gentle- 1 a " n » «uly sorry to interrupt your amusement for .a- Ehort tizne in sueh a manana also for treating your kindness to y 1 '*;?!) sucn anvungallttnt way, but you thiEk ' S that < Captain Mclrose coul& not •wtbstandifiuch a display of jewellery ana 'Otuer valuables while he and his brave band weroui need; I have therefore respectfuUy to command that each and every individual present-will at once hand over his or her valuables to my lieutenant, Mr. Williams, and to do so without any hesitation or murmurmur, or I shall be compelled to adopt more unpleasant measures."" .The very name,: "Captain Melrose," filled the audience with' terror. Ladies unhesitatingly handed over their ornaments, and gentlemen gave up their wealth. 'Having obtained possession of all that was valuable tojhem,i±he$a'rty.:then helped themselves to Birth*, S'de table, and then _.„ ' U •' ^"ader : taking a polite • " "niSATwq ^nd. mslizDg that more interrupiofiS??' fa: take place from him or his party. > It was on this morning of excitment that: Charlie and his overseer arrived at the scene ' of the outrage, and heard jwith indignation me unequalled efirontery and onfeelmg conduct of: the notorious Melrose and his gang. Many, of: the ladies were still suffering from ihe fright ihey received. A local paper gave a fuU account of the rohbery, ana a list -and description, of the articles stolen, with rewards offered for each; messengers were dispatched to the various police stations, and a number of volunteers. enrolled themselves for the pursuit of thegang. •••' Charhe and Donald resolved upon searching carefully on their way.for .the perpetrators. After ..leaving the township they obtained some clue as to where the band separated, evidently to 'baffle , pursuers; they ifound that two -of the parly liaa taken the very road that Charlie and Donald had to go, : and a rapid pursuit was : instantly commenced. After iiding for. a oonsiderable distance on the tracks of the bushrangers, they arrived at cross loads, i'when they. heard cries of distress proceeding from the -bush. Bidmg rapidly in the direction of the cries, they found a lady and gentleman tied to separate trees. The unfortunate victims were a squatter named Bamsey and his wife, who had been riding m their carriage, when they were met by. two. well-mounted bushrangers, who robbed them of their money, tied them as described, and drove off in their carriage. • " On being liberated; Mr.'Bamsey begged tof his liberators to follow them at once, while he and his wife would walk' to the nearest police,station; and lodge the iuformation- This advice was instantly adopted, Charlie and Munro renewing the pursuit; but this' time with more ease and rapidity, as the wheel tracks were quite visible despite the' tactics employed by the driver in keeping the; hardest part of the road in-order to leave no* traces.behmd;: However, nothing could baffle • the eager pursuers, who traced; them to a small village, where the trafiio obliterated the impression of the wheels. - On. enquiring at different .places; the only'carnage that had been seen was one which conveyed the clergyman to Mr. Forbes', station on some pressing .business. This somewhat puzzled Charlie, as he aia not think a .poor clergyman was a likely subject for a bushranger. While considering what course he -should pursue, Donald came in hurriedly, telling him that he had discovered the tracks, and which evidently led to Mr. J?orbesV: . . As Charlie intended calling on Mr. Forbes, they started forthwith, and on. their, -arrival they saw a carriage in front of .the house. Donald led the horses to the stable, while Charlie entered the-house, where Mr. Forbes met him very cheerfully, and introduced him to the ' clergyman, being the only person in" the room besides themselves. Mr. Forbes then said—'M am extremely glad to see you, Mr. Stuart, and you have arrived just in time to share our happiness. Ton are already awar°. thatmyeldestdaughter has been for some time engaged to Mr. Mdville, whom; I beheve, you have not seen, as he has been travelling in; quest of stations. He has arrived, tut did not succeed in finding anything to suit him, and is resolved upon proceeding at ; once to Port Phillip. He has sent on a large number of sheep and cattle, and came a |ew minutes ago, accompanied by our own worthy pastor, for the purpose of celebrating the marriage at once, and mil start off immediately after with his bride. Indeed, the proposition at first took us all by surprise, and I did not like the idea of parting with my daughter at so -short a notica, but, as the young couple were unwilling to delay, I was forced to yield. Imay also aid that Mr. Melville iproves rbimself worthy of my daughter, , and a very eligible match in every respect, if we may judge: by the valuable presents he has made to every member of my family. Jou: may hear the applause and noise in the next room, .which is caused solely by his bounty." The last remark was correct; for each member of the iamily - came -rushing.- intorithe room, exhibiting his or her rich and glittering t easure. The dinner was now ready, after which the ceremony was .to ,-talie 'place, and each one took his seat at . the table. The last that had entered the room was the bridegroom, leading his intended bride. Mr. Forbes instantly stepped forward, and introducea his future son-in- law to Mr. Stuart, hut great surprise was erperiencea by the wholeiamily . at the two gentlemen as they approached each sother ^suddenly stopping, when both turned deadly pale, were unable to give .utterance to a single .syllable, and stared sternly .in each other's/face, i The bridegroom was the first to recover himself; then, bowing stiffly, he took Ms seat beside Miss Forbes at the table. Charhe took his place immediately opposite, when all the "spectators, particularly the - host, concluded that -Charhe Stuart, by his singular conduct, had, at one time, been a rival of Mr. Melville.- During dinner Mr. Forbes, in the course of conversation, inquired of .Charhe.as to what was: the«prmcipali news down ^the .country, when -the latter gave some account of the daring outrages of the bushrangers, handing a copy of the newspaper, contaimng. an account of the sticklfig-np case at.the Bace Ball. The host read aloud the article in question, which contained a full account of' Oaptam Mdrose's atrocities; The bride, who naturally de\t for the unfeeling conduct, turned her face towards ier lover, - and: exclaimed, '' Did you ever hear-of such an unfeeling monster.?." Melrose, who sat ' with hiB liead bent forward, made no reply, but -tumed .paie. and Boowled with unnatural ferocity not peculiar to him; which sent a thrill of terrorthrough her frame. Mr. Forbes now-came io that portion which contained a tlescription. of the .articles stolen, when the description:of one remark-; able and costly -pair of bracelets attracted the" bride's attention; she -unconsciously dropped her eyes on those she was wearing, and which; had been- presented to her hy her lover .only a short -time • before, and which .exactly .-corresponded with the description .her..father read. A strange feeling seized her; and upon raising her eyes; to Charhe, she saw...him gtaring with eyes full of -indignation and difitrust at heir-scowling lover-, springing to her. feet she made an attempt to approach the. bpen French " window, hutsin passing,-round lier father's chair, she fell with a scream inf. sensible on the floor. . • \- Charlie 'who was iheiajmckest -flewto -her assistance,: raised Jier,;and,-sm.entrustingi h&r;, to the care^nd attention of her father, uaidi' "Talie your muoh-injured :diughter; your would-be gon-in lawls no either than Captain Melrose the - Bushranger," .then rushed from ihe aparti&ent; after him, he haraig madeiis escape amid ihe«onfu»ion. - >. ; . ^ On coining -ont^I the house, «ChMlie^ttiet: Mnnro with the horses ready, -who;*on'seeiiig his master, 'Understood the'eause o£ his haste;' and exclaimed, " There theyago," pointing at [the same time ; to the -two horsemen in full igallop makmg -towards the forest.! ' -Let us ;mount , and _ after them, — , replied: —j,--—. Charlie, when both vaulted in- their Saddles, and dnvrng feir fipurs into their liorses'.sides, flew latter: the fugitives v'' • . ; : CHAPTER-XtX.' ::Tnu 'CAPTDBB;- St often'oceimei'to.Charlw iwas; identical-with Melrose of^^jEdinburgh and London repute, but it never occurred to them; that Williams, his heutenant,;was- Donald's accuser, and who was the causc of his transportation. : Donald's recognition of > him was instantaneous, notwithstanding William's altered appearance; for, on going -to the itable with the horses, he heard Williams eonversmg-'-mth the groom, and saw the haste he was in in jpreparingyShe horses for a-start as soon aa-the marriage;|erempia^^ concluded that all was not right, and without making: himself known; .watched Williams', movements, and ,on-4he same -pleaof 1 hurry, to start, had lus horses ready.also. -J/.' • SWalhams, who was on the'.ialertj.evidently expecting the pursuit, never went "within, doors, but watched every direction, leading the horses about, while- the carriage, was being .got: ready. On- Donald; leading his horses from the stableiready,saddled,.he:saw:Melrose rush: from the house; on coming up to Williams, he said,'.".Mount and,be- off, we arc sold," when hoth6tartedoffat : iull:speed;but'their former bush tactics were of no avail to them this time, for;riotwithBtandirig their twisting and 'tiirrringi'. clearing "logs ;and ::creekB,'thfey. could not 'shako 'off . their 'intrepid : puKuers. . The chase now became .exciting m the extreme, each horseman waS^hiploymg'.'all his; Skill, and was straining his horse to its utmost speed, but it soon became evident that the bushrangers were overmatched, as their pursuers were gaming upon them every moment, when coming upon some open ground, Melrose , wheeled round, exclaiming with a fearful oath—"We'll fight them, Williams,', there are only two against two;" he then fired at Charlie, who. was nearest to him, the ball penetrating Charlie's hat. '; - ^ ? Before he had time i o draw lus second pis- .* lol,'Charlie shot liis liorEe throagh' the heart,' wishing to^ take Melrose'/^alive,. who,'. on coming to earth with hishorse, got entrapped, havmg.one leg fast under the carcase;- 3 Charhe sprang.from his saddle to aisarrn him, but on approaching him, received the other charge in the left :side, which made iim stagger, but ' the ball ..fortunately glanced off his powder flask; which ihe carried in the breast pocket of his coat." Shoot me, you villain,-you have a charmed life," roared the disappointed,bushranger;; but his eaptoj re-' f iisM the aemaina, "ana* seciirea him on the spot. The combat between the other two did not last so; long,-for on-exchanging-shots;- iWilhams fell:wounded, and ibeeame-anieasy reaptive to his active-antagonist. - — A party of troopers who were scouring the neighborhood, through the information of Mr. Bamsey, were attraoted by the firing, and made for the spot, when the bushrangers were handed over to their charge. On Charlie's return to Mr. Forbes', a scene presented itself which was heartrending to be-. hold. Miss Forbes, who a short time; before was in theheight of happiness, was now the picture of despair as she lay upon her couch. The family, who had been congratulating her. so recently, were now bewailing her approaching end in the noontide of her' youth and beauty, and heaping execrations pn the head of the deatroyer of their peace. : .The clergy::: man, who-had come to solemnise her mar- riage, was.now engaged in administering to her dying moments.;: o i' , On* seeing Charlie return; she feebly beckonea to him; when he approachea her, • she .whispered in his ear^^ou havenot taken taken his life 1" Charhe told her that he had not, but that he liael secured him. She then rephed^r'Mhanks, I^hall,now die happy.;. I feared!ihat.yop,-aboye all others, should-ttam' your hands;with his blood, since you wereihes saviour of our family from disgrace; but, alas 1 you were unable-to save- my life, which • is as well, ! hope. -Farewell, may your life be longer and happier than mine." She then called around her the weeping family, and after'an^affeoting adieu; breathed her/Iast.v s :;. The i^&smi.mamtestegL;^ Me^appfe- ' hension and trial of. the bushrangers had never been equalled -m-'the colony. • Crowas of spectators fiocked from all parts to cheer and congratulate; the brave captors* and their deliverers from such a scourge, while . execrations were heaped on the heads of the merciless malefactors. The court was= crowded to - suffocation, while a large number who could not obtain : admission, 'awaited "with ^great anxiety - the. issue, of :the trial. numberVof.witnesses from all parts appeared: to identify the: prisoners; .and to Conneot them .with .the several robberies^ committed •! by the banfl^ hut "'-the extraordinary skill exhibited by Melrose in cross-examining the. witnesses threatened to defeat the ends of justice, were it hot -for. Charhe Stuart's knowledges of ins 'previous character. -The appeal which-Melrose made to the jury in defending his own.case, hadnever been equalled'for forensic, eloquence in a colonial court of justioe. - The effect of this was, that many who had hailea his approaching doom were now movea to pity hinii i; The judge,' ioweyer,**^rily .topelled... the effects of this extraordinary oration; by telling the juiy that Iheis'-duty wasi simple justice, and ihatthey wcrenot ±o be'influenced by,, the talent. displayed by the prisoner, which, instead of improving'his; case,! would only: aggravate" it~ if they • considered 7 : that, the charges brought against him were proved.: The jury at - once found iiboth guilty, and sentence of death was passed upon them, oil hearing which,Melrose exclaimed—" The; gallows is not erected, neither is the rope manufactured which will hang me." f This was, indeed, true, for. the next morn- , ing he was found dead* in his cell,. havmg ; strangled himself with his.necktie. „• ; The following was^found.,vmtten-%ponthei wall of the: cell.:—a-Charhe:,Stuart, nor anyjjther prasoh^shfil^Siaye "Ihe.SafisE&fcion; Jsf peeing me swrng- ' They will find me with a- smile of contempt,upon : my.hps.- "The fates. lovej)^ my>conqueror.-:::,After vbeing deprived: iof: one",Jl'Hever. .thought tliat would pre-i isent himself and .prove a .stumbling-block ;in; any'Way of gainmg the second, whom I traly loved; but who is now, through me, not more." f ' CHAPTEB XX. > ; -OfliB^-'llKOOVBES'. HEWJCOraiTBJ^^ii SB The affecting and trying incidents which bad followed each other, in such rapid sue:; cession during the last few years, were sufficient to overwhelm' evon a sslrongor mind than Charhe'si jand they had Bueh an in;: fliience on him that the monotonous bush-. life he nowioUowed wasfmsutocientjto eradi" eats its effects. -iThe firat of these reyerses was the nnayoiaable desertion of his eountry;l'leaving.aE;that -was near and dear to him behind; :jfien$ain^ his shipwreck, and the singular-manner*ifr which he was saved; then followed thejoss of tho noble-hearted Pamul, with the mournful cause of her death; then Melrose's strange and terrible fate, added to his iropblea^gnd,;. end .kept ofaen the woadi^whith 'the"10& of; came, too, at the yermjOm'ent when tiiii .whole mindwas^Uei^^fe^at.thphope'of Bverymomeat'expeet^giQ^Erpf'ffi In orderto bear upu^er these 'hopeles'a1 reminisceuees. and io^rtoffiHM^IIirel^ from his bia mmd, minrl he jesoWe&gfln;^utting ^ iexecuti6h;a project whiriBf^g^rif id≤) time peeupiea'.his'attentioiiSMIaBaoj^^ohmBhedi idea .was no loss than .to5iSfe.mpt. to'exjilore some 'parts of the yet: uffiEnown-'interior -of: -Australia., •:. The ind -.the Mitchell, had enkindle^within - him : this idea. - - - rj ^ ^ s s attended^only-by'Dpnaia.ateVato^ Man^:/stati'onj >' whieh"wa|®^the^iofif of-Uth'e lay-between them and the coast.: On arriving. ;at:.the;stationh^ that some fine plains rfncl rivers were beyond. -the -mo'untains, atrefching out towards oeoan; but as no great rehance -couia be^^ilaced-! on- the -accounts-given by -niltives, no one as yet had undertaken the' journey. Charlie could firid hut one :among -the whole tribe in whom he could trust" for guidah'ce)Scrdss.. This was a strong and intelligent fellow named QuandakV atid who; So-" cordmg to his own. reportj had once-been on; a 'wariike'expe'ditionagM tribe,; as he:.;caUed ; .the ' na^ •trict. . ' : . -',-.-- •:.'..:•,; -:.'•" .As.the.mountainp which theyl-.hW.tpY.cross: .•ware Charhe resolvedV'upon . proceeding,; accompanied only by Donald and Quandak, taking; pack-horses to carry a supply ofiprovisions.'.:^ .: .-Af.ter;a:gieat deal of fatigue ana-hardehip,: the passage across was successfully accomplished. :'•••"'..*" On crossing the last -of the cminenecs, a sight burst upon their view wliich repaid them for all the difficulty they ha'd endured. Underneath them, and stretching .out. towards • the sea as far as the eye, aided by the glass, eouldreachj' laybeauti&lpramsliingeawith; strips of forest, intersected'hy 'rivers rieiug in.: the Alps and discharging themselves into the lakes near the sea. . . ' . . . • • The charming scene reminded them of, their^:::.natiTO : lahd,\^n'd' ffl pleasantythdughtsastheyhadWoi.e^ since tbey left home. " ..'.•'•The' remainder of the j'ourney was pissed with light-heariediiess and speed, aa they travelledoyer extensive meadowfl,neverhefore:: seen by Europeans. In their rambles they - suddenly came upon a small encampment , of • nativesj who manifested great 'surprise.- jat • their .appearance.-. A number of them gathered around Charhe;. feeling him and his horse; hut on seeing . them' dismount they rushed tiff: in great- -terror, ^leaving ali their ^ effects -behind them. -. .:: ..:;....;...-.... . The small supply ".of provisions, they had:- taken would, not allow them to remain long;' they therefore inade-'a "hasty"retern-iio ihe' settled 'districts, highly' gratified with their: explorations.* ' On "his return,':;5Charlie disposed of his station and" started off again to the new country, taking with him Mary, several other servants,. and all requisites to form a settlement. He led the expedition himself, leaving Donald to. follow with the stock. .Being the middle of summer the cattle were' 1 .. taken; safely across the. mountains, and the party took.possession of the' best\partiof 1 : the; plains' and \ratercourses.;. ,• -,, „...,.- ,„.., Unable to procure bark for covering in the builctihgs until the wet season set in, they erected a building, which, although unroofed, would serve, J as. a, sibckadelVr" protection-froin'i: the attacks of the natives, :sho;uld: they show any hostile disposition.^'".._.•..'.'."' '•"•" One evening, after coming home,: and-while' hobbling ih|ir;hprsesJ^a^.te panied the expedition, strollea a little distance &qm;:the. .stockade., .Being unarmed, the natives', who were in the Ticimty, took advantage of his -unprqtcctea-.atate and endeavoired to seize him. He forhmately, -however, perceived them m time, and testing his legs to the utmost of their power, arrived at -the: stockade : and jeported the. case: : The party,, bn'seeing'sthe inteiided attack of the natives, took shelter within the building, barring the entrance, and then discovered that. ;iie.'t.iaffiraghted^medico .»had-;.enscqheedhimself ma^ythA^hVif^^rnfii'^.?-- The disappointed besiegers, who now Surrounded the place in-force, were at a loss to know -how to attack it, seeing no aperture through which they could drive their spears. However, their leader: soon -devised^ a' plan which -threatened "destruction' to all ^within the place, as they could not Bre upon their antagonisjs. j The-piah wliieh ^the besiegers adoptedvwas to throw.thairrspeare into the air; this they did with such exactness that they fell inside tne building, and but for the activity oE thG .besieged, : their. destruction would have been complete. • -. -1. Charlie; -annoyed :at, not being able :to retaliate, .-after-a.careful search found a small aperture- between two slabs;' in .which he managed to place the muzzle of his rifie, and on taking aim, -beheld the' very object ; he wanted.'...This was the leader of tho party, who was encouraging his men with a -joyful*' countenance. Aware that the fall of their, leader'-wbuld.jdisper'se i.the : - :enemy,A.<!harlie fired, and, as he expected,' brought him to' earth, which .produced the desired effect. . An amusing incident took place on Charlieand "his party leaving the stockade. " An Hibernian, who filled the office of cook, and who'-was-known bythenameof " Doughboy,"- seenieil more curious : in' ]iis esamination of the dead body, -exclaimed, in - true -Irish brogue:—"By-the hole :in'5my coat masther; hut ifkia mighty polite or deeateful rifle that m the 'face of-'the »Blaok;nbe dad it-^sent -it round hiB head,,andi<.poppea miat,his pple.^ . : This remark the party foundon examination to have some foundation, for the ohly wound to be'found was jn his poll, although they ," knew the savage -was facing them-when shot.. This mystery was soon solved, for they found the bal.Uiad entered-his mouth... .. Nothing-iot any . importance happened to Donald-while travelling- up^with the stock £aye:one,"':and'Which we.mU'here relate, as" it gave an, opportunity for,,him to-gratify his propensity of-playing tricks. . ••-.:. " i-.; One evening, just as the party had completed: arrangements fortjheir encampment,: .-they^aw- Something'wh'ichwasa noyelfcyinthe: Siushs&tijvas; a rider dressed m black, with a regular .: English hat • (a bell-topper) oh, mounted on a black- -horse, vand? makmg: ^towards the encampment. f On drawing-near, ippnald^ ataonce identified him -as. the man iS^L^ffiSipedsais .^(g^iB^-on^eVBtafeM,"':. i andiwas well known :by the name of Parson Groakeri.'-lint who had heen. expelled from; Tioly orders on account of his- eccentric and ••jUECliiistisn peculiaritic3, and who was now •Ojuhisi"sray?'.tp.-Port Phillip in order to im-" prove his circumstances.- Donald, who had •already played some "tricks -upon . the ex- ,-minister,:was not secognised;-nor didhewish Mm^shelterand accommodation, as no"station "or placeaof refuge -wbb near. :< , :.' At -the time of netiring -for the night, a %a'd4ie6n-.cv6rlooked until .-the last moment. "This - was hpw ,to;;'secure vhis .-horse; hemg naturally, of ^restless.disposition and apt to break away,-espocially as there wfee horses to the party feeding abeut, he was ija^ia^hatiihey ttighiehKe'e::him'away:ja^ \- TliisAvB5, hinYever, got..over, by a;proposi-: ^oh'ni'ade*byj:Donald-, and towliich tlie parson agreed; which.'was 'to. the following cffect :^ Ithat on lymg down for the mglit before the fiVe"; fflcbrdiBgftwbush' custom,' the-.p'a'rs6 'W^a'':tb;fasten : thSjeMll'of'liisihorse'stether. 2brmi^y'•witli ,^thi^ug^s|i<^',-the'^iaSfeoii and :Pon^a-;stre'tched'-.themselyes .on- the ^arth',-' .ioadisr^iiiSt'liJie^aaij havinji their feet HSwlrdS ;the*ilarge fire^which: was :.eonstantl^"ieplenigh^ watch. r.^eTer-min^aJ^^neS^ii'hmale's • 3®®er-to" hifllegf'and.cpnsideriij^gthat .w^s: :p6de"ptly.;seciiie,. was"isoon fast:asfep>ji;'^.. r ' His long.and'^earyirid^-together withthSsi "bemg'jth'e^firit'time; 'heihad-: slept abnisuchtfr "hard^ed-,icausedMmt'b 'Mve'.feaiaul.dreUinsi i Donald; who -expected to have some amuse-: them...came: ..round;; .on • seeing • them the etjrangfer's hor«e made .^mejjoun.a tojvards them,-,- .dragging .. the..iunfortunate • parson through the/ire. : , . . Donaldw;iB somewhat alarmed^at.the^cene,: • and was unable for a^shbrt-'time to ;arrest"the: animal or liberate his visitor, who, after ailjgot off with'merely jiaying his clothes and hair singed. ; .The -parson . toot -some -little' land of theliving. . - .. .. ... . The task of formmg the new-station, and of holdmg possession against the attacks of savages, naw. 'aevolved "upon Charlie, and: •many /jkirmiBhes'took place between his men and the aborigmes, who appeared determined to drive the white-fellows from -their hunting ground.' Kvery day fresh tracts of splendid country vrere discovered, and many places he took great pleasure in naming after favorite spots in his own country. Many settlers followed in .his track, and' took-possession of sthe vast plains and ^pastures, which soon formed a :, strong party to resist the savages. •'•';•'••••*. T ' Charlie had fay this time' hnilfc a pleasureboat, in -rwhich ;he' made many excursions' among'thc lakbs, accompinied : by some; of the neighboring settlers and Donald. The first of=these took place one beautifully calm day, when Donald, having his bagpipes with him, -waa desired hy. his ,master 'to play : the: old favorite pibroch, an air which -ie had abstained from playing ever sincc the loss of Bella, lest atsiiiight-'awaken sad thoughts in the mmdof Cnarhe.- "•:. : •:: As the rowers measured their time :with-the' thrillling-'straih,- and as. the boat glided lei:' surely''..round- .one';'b'f ;: the picturesque jsl^ Charlie, who .was. seated .at the.h : elm,ibdcame: overwhelmed with mournful thoughts,'which; 'were awakened by the favorite pibroch, and the .Burrqunding Ecenery, which forcibly reminded-him of happier days. . . In order to hide his grief from his companions,' he turned round'and directed his gaze-towards the islet they were slowly' Wlaile-his ieyes were fixed on the islet, his thoughts carried him back-' to' the seene at thed3ridge-of Linn; . when he he heard his; lbst :Belia's:ehdeE:ring:-appeal on that,memorable morning, calling to him—when; hark'. the identical -sound—"Charhe, . dear; save me," struck his ears^abqve the .strains of the ; music. With one bound he sprung up, and rushing to the .bows; pulled the .'chahter- -from Donald's lips, and with looks of- atrange'iiiid-.; ness, exclaimed,''Dia you not hear her ?" : The bewildered company, who concludea that he was unaer a aeliision, -asked ;forVail explanation-, -when he rephed,'.' I am certam it was her voicei" - One of the party now m- formed tiheni that he Eaw a blaekfeliow carry-:: ing a female m-his- arms into the- scrub on the island .opposite;^nd' : that-she---Eeemed toresist inm hy.screaming out; which was pro-- .bably. what ChafUe;:tedJheard; and, mixed with the sound of the music, took it for the voice of -some acquaintance. •-::....<•.-..•-•• : The rest,of the company coinculea in this: supposition, addmg that if: he .had beenthinkipg'Of some .one.at the time; the .force of; imagination wouldiconstrue the voice of thej Warrigal :iem≤ into wliat hn.fancied he; heard. v This argum^i tranquiU6ed_:his"ihlnd;. alittle, still the Bound and the'-words, with' the .;neveV^tb-be-forgotten voice,' w^s jtoo - real to be. erased from his memory or mistaken, aha';sp'thin"g.,but being alivs .could allay., or "satisfy |iis.'ihind,' noricould'ie shake"off the strange impression: caused by the occurrence....-.'; 5'' .. j . ; .'.. ,,, .. : Another, strange circumstance happened at' thistime, which'enveloped him.still deeper in. theimystery .by which die was surroundedi ' T:; i One evening, while sitting in his ro.om.after the labors rf the day, Donald; who.'had been: on -lus*usjiai^b'uhdB'vam"ong. ;the shepherds,'; entered breathless; with a; countenance which" bespoke-, terror and. hesitation, when, his master a'ddressed.him as follows i^r\ ; ^ Well, Donald, everythingialhright iainong. the • shepherds t. ;iNo . more 'attacks: : of 'the. Wamgals,- I;hope 3: Why; you look as though you had seen a ghost." : " To tell the trnth,-' sir,-.' • said Donald," ;if it was^not'a ghost I- saw) licertainly '|aw.,.s'bme-: thing.approaohmgit; ' But .bafore'I prdceed any. further, I wish to ask a question, which,I trust you will answer." ... ,.";> .•.,..;' .«i3ertainly, Donald,. out with it,?fr;saia. Charlie. i " Well, then," continued Donald, " I wish to know whetner.you .are'(as.Iihave-hefrd) a " Undoubtedly I am, Donald,. I hope you; have not seen the Gu Glas," replied Charhe.. , , "Tm sorry to'say' that I think I have," said Donald; "as I was riding across the plain, just now, my horse began -to prick .up ^ Ms.ear:-:, -and laalc.behind .him.. . It mo first •thatrihejsbjacks were after me; but, ion. lookmg round,-1': saw ^a ;idog i'followmg .me.; Ttankmg lot -;was • dmgo, I-slackenedmy. pace and drewmy "pistol: to' 'have : . a- shot»at' him; ' -He 'then came up to me, .when I: Deheld hound, the very picture of,poor Bran you left at: iome, stood: before ;me..f.3Semg -positive that no such animal was to:be found in. this : colony, and accordmg to the description;of the Cu Glas; I instantly bethought i myself: that' ybU;^^e;a¥elatioiilbf the MBoblefamily, : and. that he had followed you to Austraha- Aiter sniffing at inefor.a;fewseconds, 7 he gave, a whine, and left me." : " A rather long,journpy he .must have had,. Donald. I thought-you rhad- left , all your: phed Charhe.'smihng atiis'servant's tenacity to Highland superstition. ..; .- .•" • -.: : As some^of , my readers may be-ignorant of 'th^lh&ning;'.j.bfT'the^^'GM^G&i;'^^OThailljbr* Ifcoblii's grey dog, -I .(would- .juBt, say.that an-, ancient impression,existed,among'..ths High-! : landers, -that ;a iSort?.®f .-follower, - or .tutoeh, was connected-with every .'old family; 'which;' on',certain • special" occasions; made -itselfvif-jb'le --tuieli as before u 'death; or any 11:1-. portant event takmg place; tir occurring to a immbS^^a^scenjiant^of 'the'-fa^^t-:;' lEach, 'fa&ily; iad'rt's^^n'^ animal whence the Meohle had its Cu Glas, or r. AlthoagllJDharlie ' dia' make light of Donald's OuGlas jit-iije tune, he ±iad,j!i a le^-dayc proofs of its existence. for-(£epurpose>o£ drivmg-.from ihe neighbor-' hbod-atribe-oIftrbublesomenativesiwhoTvere' slaughtering the cattle; and harassing "the shepherds;;-; After, Scouring the.^^surroundmg woods,without falhng in-with tho.iWarrigflsi< they,on their return,.cams upon a herd of __ ^ ^ . jittw^ ;a great:rarity anithe colony^ftfter:S?lSi^ii the' twhoIS, partytwith their, dogs .gave Bhasfe.-: is-itc K-vThe animal- fflew^t.a'.'tieiiLenabWspe^fc -theplains,"^Tii^arl.- whifch istobif^clum^-St, a hound. The ; strange -dog ifolloWadsBiia eMmplpj.^ndVihvajshbrt./tim^^ i;:;The:a8tbnishedieguMtp^a«nd^ niatched';-dqgs, o.nt obhged io .pull up; -not heing%bIe?to clear it:" i; Charhe. Stuait;; ^hbSpapfambrfg the ieadiu g horsemen, - ^^f^^jel^simi^' at the ;dpgj .w^ieh none-;of the? .party , knew, when Donaidv.3rew; ! up: -to- his --masters ? •side,- and Whispered in.his ear, " I suppose you will be- Mfrveai^r, own py^s, Sndrihe ,hbw.^i;Charlie turned, sharply round, and'replied, ." If Bran exists; that is him." ; . .'!Ho! nol"'&dilea; Donald, dubiously, " the Gu (Zlas, and no other." ' (To Tic Continued.) 