IV.- i Was unole Nangle, after all, BO very bad a specimen of a murderer, or had he learned ' repentanoe after hia fashion, and under stood what remorse waa-what atonement? He told me before he died that he had deft ¡ all his money to the nearest of kin of Casper ' Keefeland, whoever he or abe might'be ; . that it was on his conscience-or what he' thought his conscience-that this should be. the destination of hia money, which waa not half aa much aa people thought he had : scraped together. He told me something ', more than thia.' That he had made himself 1 aa hard, cruel, and brute-like aa he could to : me,' BO that I should be glad, rather than ' sorry, when he was gone-ao that there should seem a natural reason in his strong dislike of me for leaving the money some where «lae. Even after his death no ono would suspect him of so babyish a thing aa restitution, he hoped. He would have liked to die " hard aa nails," but it was not to be. He could not have his own . way in every thing. Who can? .' I wasn't half as bad as I tried to be, Martin, that's all," he said to me the'next night when he waa lingering on still, " I wanted you to hate me. But yon wouldn't." His voice was a long way off now-he was much weaker-ho could hardly lift hia hand from the bed-clothes. He ' was not likely now to, spin me any more, pf hf a long yarns. Tbat very night, again, 1 was trying hard to think it was a yarn, and nothing more. Later on he said in a half absent way, and yet in a way tbat was atrangely impressive on me . "She hasn't called forme yet. What a time »ho keeps me. waiting ?" I put my band on his, which waa figeting restlessly outside the bed-clothes, and said " Don't think, anything more of auch non* sense. If it's all true you've told me-" " If 1" ho murmured, indignantly. "Think of that a bit, and how aorry you aro now." Ho stared at mo like a man resenting my advice ; then he made a sudden effort to sit up iu bcd, and failed ; lastly, he clutohed my hand with both his own. " I'm-called-for 1", he said, .V. Here she is, by God-at last 1" Ho gave a long sigh, shut his eyes, and died; and the breath had not been put of his worn old body half a, minute befo'ro, to my, horror and amazement, the door was slowly and ooftly(.opened, and there stole into the room thé young woman, or the ghost of that young woman, who a fortnight af noe had told me that her name waa Bertha' Keefeland. I - thought, in that moment, it was the ghost of Bertha-a ghoBt with glass ear K»«8 1-for my nerves were unstrung", my uthle was just dead, and his story, was not foui and-twenty hours old. I cowered from her «nong tho bed-curtains. I was nut half a mar, for the next five minutes. . I oould hoar ny heart pounding away inside me like a steam hammor. Here a very natural woman's voice ex claimed- v " Dead 1 Qb, is ho dead, my poor father's friend ?" I looked rptod the curtains at her; she was bending ovjr him with tears of interest in her blue eyes.. She had put a little band «-von hia cold, hird forehead. She waa ap unconnM,n]y aniiki a ghost that I could, not tr- |V° -'n' uno'e Samuel's story no- more. His brained g¡van àny In his old age, and that was tH explanation of, it. Ari odd coincidence or..wo_iif¿ ig nlI coincidences'-; had helped. tOj wke tho yarn remnr]tabl.e,l i and that waa ali. ,\ * r x * i ? .Lp pt P,lg= ; w How long hube bien óW .".he aaiMfH irf» whisper, »nd Mil »frui« ehe might**" | him. " Ja«t a mínate." _ " I beard in Deal that he was very ill, and j j cama tn yoa at once.- I.ooald.aot malia, anybody hear in the shop, so ~T tbought~T~ would not run away again, bat come upstairs to where the feotatsps were. I guessed what wa»*appenmg,-°-Bhe said; smiuw fuHyr*" aud* I had boped to see him once before his death ; to give him poor father's message father's thanks." " You-you have never Been him before, then J" i . , . "Never." " You have never been in England, before thia year?" I asked. "Never." "And you are Bertha Keefeland-Caspar . Keefeland'a daughter ?" " Oh, yea." "Poor old uncle Nangle," I murmured, looking at him, " how your mind wandered at the last to be sure 1" "Did he speak of mo?" she asked. " Yes. I should rather think he did," "My coming to England distressed him a great deal, reminding him, I dare aay, ao much of father." " Hum 1 perhaps it did." " ' Don't .tell him everything too suddenly -he's old like,' said my father, before he died," she continued; "'give him plenty J of time to think matters over-say you ll call I again, or anything.' And when, a fortnight ago,' I heard him shriek out. after you bad taken in my message to him, I felt X had i been too hasty, and I orept away at once,' giving him more time as father wished:" " Oh ! I see." ' ' ' I* See what?" . . "That your father was a wonderfully con siderate man. And yet-" : " And yet ?" ahe repeated. " My. uncle never seemed exactly the man for anybody to bo considerate about," I con eluded. : " My father liked him very much always. I don't tbink you could have understood your uncle," she said, thoughtfully, almost J reproachfully. " Well, I suppose I didn't," I confessed. : " I have a little, more to say-but," she added, with a shiver, "is there any reason I should.say it here ?, Any reason we ahould stop here longer?" : ! "No. Please come downstairs," I an swered. ; -. i We went to the bar parlor, where she sat down in my uncle's chair, and looked bard I át me; She waa a very pretty German girl,. I thOUght. : i ii"-: j "Now, about the box," she said, ";I don't wish to trouble you concerning it till after J your unole's funeral. '- I will aimply ask you to take extra care of it, now that it is in your sole custody, and not in the good man's upstairs, who has held it in faithful trust for j me ab long. I may tell you. even there are jewels of considerable value in it, sud I am very poor. That may interest you, perhaps, for my sake," ahe added, with a faint little Smile, i " To be iure," I anawered, heartily, " and that it does. But--" . ^ [ She waited for me to proceed, looking at re anxioualy. . " But before his 'death, my unole spoke of those jewels,-, and said-whether in bia aober penses or out of them, the Lord knows, Miss Keefeland-that-that," I stammered forth, (' he had turned the jewels into money." i " Why should he have done that ?" I "AB« kind of loan, perhaps," I suggested, j" His statement was not very clear, and, na {there was a ghost .mixed up with it, I could pot maka out exactly ; but the long and abort of it all is, he has left all his money, ¡every scrap of it, to you." I "To mol" " To the next-of-kin of Caspar Keefeland. That is you,.! hope?" I asked uervoualy, I" or the poor old boy has made n pretty mess pf it." / j "Yes; it is I." " -. -" . .? "That's all right,- I'm glad." > " But you are bis nephew-should be his heir," she exclaimed. " What has he > left you?" " He has not thought of me in any way,"-. " Oh, that ia wrong I" I " No ; I think it- ia right," I answered. " How can it be Í" ? "How can anything be?" I said in my desperate : bewilderment. " Don't try to 'make oat anything just yet, Miss Keefeland, please. If you had only come before-years and years before !" .!,'. " I was taking care of father, and he only ?poke of the box a. few months ago, and just before he: died. It had passed out of bis memory completely,' he said. Ho was a | very forgetful mau ; and," ' she added, thoughtfully, " aa be had many troubles it waa just aa well." i " Yes," I assented, *. I ahould say so." " I should not have been surprised it the box bad been missing altogether," Bho re marked. " I was prepared to hear you tell me that when I first called." "Why?" I asked, cautiously, " There was someone who knew the box was here-my father's second wife, and » Bertha Keefeland, too. My . father had told her of it once. He remembered tbat be hod spoken of it to her." \- I felt a creeping np my back now, "Your father's second wife," I repeated in a husky whisper. ? , : : " Yes He married her a year or two after ho had come back from-Deal, for the last time. Married ber for a nurse, and to take care of me, left motherless. And. ahe waa too wild and passionate and-and-wioked. 8he deserted him." "What-what has beoome of her?" "I don't know. She left a letter on the table one night, that sha could bear her life no longer, and must go away from him and . me. She was then about the age I nm," Bertha added, thoughtfully. " She was much too young for father. He was very fond of her, though ; after she had left him he made rae dreaa like her, aud wear ornaments like her, too. It was a strange fancy. " Yes.' I «aw the story now, I thought, from its shadowy beginning to its end. The young wife of Caspar Keefeland, after deserting her husband, bad corns to the Flying Fish for the sandalwood box, bad come with a lying message from Caspar, and. met her death in coming. Uncle Nkngle's confession was true after, all. Bit by bit I sifted it out. Tho old man had killed the wrong Bertha Keefeland, and year after year lt became moro abd more plain to me-more and more of a terrible tale of .temptation and cupidity. Let me .turn away from it for good-it will bo known only to lirlba and me until tbis hand is still which pua tho record on paper. Bertha is my wife. She carno into my uncle's noney, aud as she insisted upon sharing it with rac, we made up our minds jost to stare our lives together as well, and BO round the story like an orange And tm mofa! of this story always strikes me as a qneer one. If uncle Nangle had not mnrdcred Caspar .Keefeland'a second wife, I ehonld have never married B rtha Keefe land, and been happy for tho rest of my days. Bertha.sys I must not put it down to | murder, but then she al was looks on the bright silo of tbings. ' . {Concluded.) A' flnlhral burglar lind n narrow escapo thc pthcr light. ' He tried, to rob nu editor's house,' bit" he discovered his mistuko nnd gbt away lifíóre thc editor had time to rob, lum.' Now Up editor has tak'on off his door plate, and^ii wnitiag for such another chanco 'to furn tp, 'wheu' he will be promptly oh handi I - . ? 