LADIES' COLUMN. THY CHRI8TMAS FAIR. : Wodaotday Alterooon. ;, Av large number assomblod this after- 1 veor tho Town Holt to witnerc tbe opocing ©(Wmony of "Yo olda Engllsbu Xmas and ffiahMperian Sbowo." Tho aonounccmont that tho Fair was open was made by Bir William Oiarke, who also ro tated to tho regret felt by Lady 6larko at hsr faftbility to bo present, and to hor intention ol visiting tbo showe severs! times before its ooc- tforitn, Shortly afterwatdi his SxaoUsnoy and Lady Looh, accompanied by CptAio TiaQI, entered the hall, and w$ro conducted round it by the masters, Tho toilette worn by Lady Loch was, as usual, voty eimplo hot extrcrnciy pretty, ooniistiog of grey brooho and eashueio, snd a bonnet of tho samo shades trimmed with blaok laoe, One of tbe featuroi of this afternoon's oere- mony was the procession just before the au- Bounoement ot the openiug. It was headed by jRather Christmas (Mr Oorbctt), and Santa Claur, who were followed by Wm, Shaketpearo (Mr T. Lempiiero), some 200 dames andgor'ig. meo, oooka bearing Cbiiatmsa nr0f QonDfl| tfllers, waits a£ „ comical representation of \ Ahe and little Jack, a pair whose oddly- \ tiRnlrasted prtBsnoo seomed tbo invariable \ signal for a general Bmilo. Tie oarol sung by \ Ihewiutswas very plearirtl? rn?orod, and \ doubtleas the quaint, moilled-up figures ra- called to many memories home scones where the dear old Christmas songs were sung amidst teal scow and ice. The caves were twelve in numbor, and held by tho following Indies N\ 1, Yo Osvo of Vinga), Mistresso Howard Smith ; Xo. 2, Yo . Gave of 8mb»d, Mietreiee Laonr.rd Trtwous ; )No, 3. Yc C ivo of Aladdio, .No#. 4 nnd 5. Yo Oavei of K.l ra, MiNirsaso GouUtcd ; Xo. C aud 7, Yo Corniah Oave, Mistresao E. L, PurVcs; Xo. S and 9, Yo Fish River Oaves, MistreBao Tjtraueo ; Xj. 10, Ye Witohoa' Gave, Mistreseo Xaitiug; Ko. 11, Cavob of Elephanta, Alistres-e Mein ; Xo. 12, Ye Batte' Cavo, Mirirrsse T. D. Russell; Flower Staud, Mietrssso J. Coioic- ffewbery, Each cuvq hod ito nttsndant Iftttioeels, many of whose co:tumes will bs ,oted in future articles. i A great attraction was a pedestal of ice, eigfaing about two torn, which dilfaroda elcome frosbness through the hnll It was mrmingly arranged with full and fiowors oa- osed in its trauBparout walls, and aurroonled plants and ahtubs. In front oi itwuotha is erected fcr tho reception o! Sir W. nnd dy Clarke. The ball itself wai deeoratsd Mr Grin, whoso skill in that line is wull own, and waaintsndtd toreprcrant oavos t mountains of snow, which at night would ibtlesa be voty effective Vll the various articles shown at tho oaves were imported, and were pretty and of mode rate price. One of the mcst altraotive stands at first eight was that of Ye Battos, as it ooa- >ted wholly of beautifat specimens ot coofeo- nary, the cases abowing designs of groxt lie. Baskets, boxes of all kinds, books, gs, etc,, were to be aeca ot overy aiza .d form, tilled with bonbons that .rely camo from Frcrrh hands, and Rle flogs of silk and other materials, tricaaool \ iith silver fringe, were hung ia varioos direc tions mid greatly enbanosd the gay appearance el tbo cave Like all tho others, it was well tarnished with admirably made artificial lowers. Miatreiw Rnsrell adopted tbo charac ter of Haohess of York,«n Richard the Third, wearing blaok velvet, with cruam br»che Irout trimmed with pearls, and cap to match, Mis- tresso Tboneman choee that of " Olivia," ia Twelfth Night, and DamoeolM'Callagh that of the danghter of Clarence, in R'cbard thoThird; the costume was a handsome ono of black velvet, with cardinal front, trimmed with white jet and beads and a Marie Stuart cap. Mistresso Main, at "Yo Oavoa o! ElephantV showed a wall arranged assortment of gilt?, amcngst which were a very pretty pair ot jars. It was amply supplied with all tbo usual gifts to be seen on suoh oocasionr, and boosted tome fine specimens of Ficach artificial flowers, Her dreti was that ot Queen Katherioe of Arragoo, blaok and gold brocbo, with head dress ol velvet and pearls. MistrsBse F. Stephen wore n beoomiotr ceetnme SB the nnrea to Juliet ; Mistresro J. Madden, that of Neri' ss, in the Merchant of Yenioe ; sndBamo£€l B. Stephen, the pretty ene of Portia in the same; play, Thore were several otbor noliceabls dresses both at this and Ihe other caves, bnt which oaunot be deecribed in this article Bur tog the afternoon, the children's popular fadrv etory, "Beauty and ye Beast?," was resscscdtea reries of tableaux vivants, aud provsda great afitrsctloa to the vuitors AU toe characters were well sub tamed, bnt par ticular mention may be made of Mist L. CJoulstoD, who personated Baauty with great qccsu, Mid of tho role of the Beast, which -was characterised by great steadiness of attitude. Tableaux of Ihe following nursery tales will be given in the afternoons in tbe cause of the Fair 4 Ye Babes in ye Woodo," 'Jacke and ye Beaastolkc, " "SteepingBeantv," 4(Red Riding Hoode," ana "Cindorella." The flbaksperian tableaux will be exhibited, four .in nnmhe.',. every evening between night . and en o'clock, ' and will oon&istof; "The trial scene "from tho Mer chant ot Venice ; "Tbe wedding frustrated," Romeo and Jutiet; "Wedding seen?," Mueh ado About Nothing ;1 "Gioup of bast known characters in Shakespeare; "Tho casket scene," Merchant of Venioe; "Thn ending soece of King Lear ; "The roscne," Tho Tom- pert; " Statue scene," aspect, No I and 2, winter's Tate ; 44 A Miraele," Much Ado about Nothing; "Ghost scene," Hamlet; and 'Fidele's Swoon," Gymbeline. Copies ot ye Boke cf ye olde EngUshs Ghrirtmasmay be obtained at most cf the caver, giving a great deal o! information re specting tho show, which will be coDtinnsd tiU the 2Gtn Two features in oonnectioo with it, which will undonbtodly bo appreciated by the public, aro the facts that no rafilss or lotteries are allowed, and that all tho articles are marked at very reasonable prices, EA.O. 