Troubles of an Irish. Emigrant ( Continued.) FAs Related by Himself.] I handed Jim Father Dillon's i ether to rade, for being a much bether scollaid nor me ii ■svonld be aisier for him to make out what was iu it than rneself. So we sat down on the rail whei e we would be out of the way of the sailors and Jim. started radin'. The very first part of it shure was about me father and me mother, and av coorse I was glad to know that they were well, and not taking on my laving thim, and thin he came to what \vc were wanting to know:— "You have had a lucky escape, Larry. Joe Telford fell into the very trap ha lr ade for yon. He had three letters intended for Carey, Sulli van, and Stephens, tho three leaders of t_ie second Fenian circle, only differently directed. From what I suspect it was his object to send them"lio Dublin by you, and give noticc to In spector Stokes that you was the bearer of Feiiian correspondene, when you would have been arrested, and thev letters found on you \votiJd. have been the means of getting you transported, and Joe would then have had his revenge 6n you for taking Molly Maguire fro»i him. Some thing went wrong, however, and the thing did not work as he expected, for he posted the letter for the police, and then either did not see you or else you took my warning and refused to take thepi, for the letters were found on liim-" self, and this is the way I came to know all about it. I had been on my usual round of visiting, and so called in at the hotel to see old Cronin, who has been ailing this while back, where I met a good many of our own fiiends and neighbours. They were all discussing the cruel conduct ol old Telford evicting poor old Mrs. Farreil, God help her! and sending her on the parish, and as there seemed to be an angry spirit in the boys, I thought I would just stop a bit to try and prevent any mischief coming out of it. I might have been there a matter of five minutes or so, when who should come in but Joe Telford himself. Your brother Mike went up to him. and asked him if his father was going to drive Mrs. Farreil into the wozkhouso. 'Well,'says Joe, ' it is not my fault. I done my level best to persuade dad to leave her alone, but he only swore at me for my pains. What could I do with Lawyer Hayes prodding him on to it.' 'And where was Andy all this time?' says Mike. 'He was in Dublin,' says Joe, 'and knew no thing about it, and if he did it would be all the same.' What more passed after that I done mind, | for the door opened, and Inspector Stokes i walked into the room and stood with his back [ to the fire, and with a quick sharp glance of his eye took in every one of the company present, then he called for a glass of ale, and came and shook hands with me. I looked at Joe Telford, and I noticed that he turned very pale, the Iu speetor sat down beside me, and we talked to gether for some time about the crops, the weather, and the poor of the parish. After a while he got: up and walked over to Joe Tel ford. 'Mr. Telford, I presume,'says he. 'That's my name, at your sarvice, Sir,' says Joe. 'I am happy to make your acquaintance,' says the Inspector, ' but as my memoiy is none of the best, and my circle of friends being so large, I will feel much obliged if you will just write your name and address down for me.' And with that he just went to the chimney piece, took down the inkstand, and handed Joe the pen aud a slip of paper. Every one won dered what was up, and what Mr. Stokes was driving at. Telford looked like a ghost, and though doing his best to appear firm and uncon cerned, was shaking all over, and every one ■waiting to see what was coming. However, he wrote his name aud address as directed. The Inspector took it and dried it before the fire, telling Telford to sit down, as having so lately made his acquaintance he did not wish to part with him yet awhile, then taking out a pocket hook. from which he took a letter, he began comparing the hand-writing with the slip he s;ot from Joe, and when finished he turned to him. ' A gentleman.' says he. ' of your position and influence in the county must doubtless have a very large aud extensive correspondence, judg ing from the fact that tier Majesty's ordinary post is not equal to the task of conveying all your letters, and that you have been compelled to establish a private post for your own special benefit. I am going back to town this evening, aud I shall be happy to take chaige of all the letters you may happen to have about you at present, and then we will take a walk over to your residence where you can lot me have the rest and any other documents which you think may prove interesting to their TV orships at Col lege-street. I pledge you my honour to see them safely delivered.' ' Och, share then—says Joe.' 'Uo thanks! no thanks needed,' says Mr. Stokes, only too happy to oblige you.' ' Antl placing his Band on Joe's shoulder, he searched him, and took the letters from him then and there, and then ordering him que before him they went to the house together. What was found there I dont know, but Joe Telford was locked up that night at the station, and a warrant is out for Andy, who they say is hiding in Dublin. Joe was brought up before the magistrates yesterday on the charge of con spiracy, aud committed for trial, all bail re fused. ' And uow, Larry, my son, you see the dirty trick h-i wanted to serve you,-and go down on your bei)Ms4 knees and thank a kind providence lor watching"1ft er yqu.jjM-prpSSfvhig you from harm. Telcord is reaping what he so\v6tI'v and I hope the crop will be to his liking. They Say ha is sure to be transported, and if he is the devil skewer to him, and all the likes of him, and now I must say faiwvell. Be true to your i religion, be honest in all your dealings, be obedient to them that rule over you, never be , guilty of a falsehood or betray a trust, and I always remember that a good name is better I than riches, and may the blessings of heaven 1 always go with you is the sincere prayer of your ' affectionate, spiritual father, Stephen Dllion, P.P., Tallaght." Jim Eankine handed me back the lether, then took out his pipe filled and lit it without saying a word. The good priest's lether gave n| plenty to think- about. I thought the Idite I could uo was to write and thank Father Dillon for what he had done for me, and we might get the pilot to post the lether if I could get it wrote, so I axed Jim what I ought to do. " Do as the priest tells you : kneel down and thank God, you are aboord the Glengowrie, going to dig goold in Austhralia instead of being in the black caravan, going to crack stones on Spike Island. It would make all the difference in life to you, Larry O'Grorman." Sandy McQuill, who was the captain of our mess, now came to tell us it was dinner time, and wanted to know if we lt would'na coom doon and tak a wee dr«ip o' broth, for we maun be hungered." S«s down we went to dinner, but my appetite was gone entirely, so we were not very long over it." We washed up our dishes and got back on the deck. We were now out of the river and out on the say, but the steamer still kept a hoult av us, for there was no wind to heip us. As we were not permitted to go aft of the main mast, and there was nayther the accommodation or room for people to be comfortable for ropes, chains, and such like, me. and Jim and the Goose, who had got over his ducking, and was as lively as ever, got up ou the forecastle to have a smoke and look round us, for everything was new and sthrange to us. Well, we were talk ing about what we would do when we got to Adelaide, and Jim then axed the Goose what he was going to do. -■ " Get a good job," says he, and stick to it till I save £2,000." " How will you do that," says Jim. "Why, easy enough," says he, "I must lay up 1100 a year for twenty years, or I can put away £20 a year for a hundred years. That is two ways of doing it, which ought I to take ?" " Be jabers." says Jim, " you are the boy, be me sow!, but it is the manager of a bank yon ou^ht to be. Anyhow, Bill Dargen couldn't b'-nild a candle to you," Looking down on the deck I saw Duncan McQuill walking about aud looking up at us, be all tiie world, like an ould hen wanting to fly up on a roost which she had a suspicion might be a thrifle too high for her, so I went and showed him the way up, and axed him to sit down with us. ' ''I uanna stop, I canua stop, I ha'e a wheen of things and gear to look after, ye ken. It is the chief officer, Maister Anderson, told me to find Larry and send him up to him. He is on the poop yonder. Now, I give you the message and that is all," What can he want, I wonder says I. " Go and see liim, says Jim, and he will tell you. " It is thrue for you, says I. " 1 can tell you all about it, says the Goose. I heerd the mate ax the doctor if he could have one of us to look after the stock and do the butchering, and your name was mentioned, so I suppose that is what you are wanted for. " And I am tould, says Jim Rankine, that aboard ship a butcher is an officer, and be the powers, it is Mr. O'Gorman we will have to be calling you, but, go on Larry, they will pay you sbure, and I will help you with the work. So aft I went to the mate. "Are you O'Gorman? says he. "Yes, Sir, saj'3 I. •' I want a man to look after the stock. Do yon understand that work ? " Be the hokey, Sir, I but it dont require much laming to carry slops to a pig. "You will do, says he, laughing. Can you butcher and milk ? '• I oau, Sir. " tfeed the pigs and Bheep ? " Yes, Sir. " The fowls are all on the poop, you will have to attend to them, too, and mind this, when you are on the poop you are to look at nothing else but the coops, and if I catch you blarneying or winking at any of tliem young single woman I will give you 3 feet of the cro^sjackyard first thing in tlie morning before breakfast; dont forget that:. " Thompson, says he. to one of the men, take this Jail forward and show him what lie has to do. And now you're Jimmy Dux. " I am what ? says 1. " Jimmy Dux. says he. And that was the name they gave me all the time I was aboord. I would rather they called me Mr. O'Gorman. However, it did not take long to lam ail there •was to do. There was a fine lot of pigs, a dozen fat sheep, an illigant cow, with cocks, and hens, and ducks galore ; and it wai mysslf was plasetl to be a sailor and have my meals with the sail maker and the carpenter, and a berth to myself in the house on deck. (To be continued). 