THE GOLDEN OALF. BY THE AUTHOB OP " L'ADY AUDLBY'S SECRET," ETC. CHAPTER Yll.—(Continued). She withdrew her hand from bis grasp, and ran off across the meadow, light- footed as Atalanta. Her heart was beating wildly, beating furiously, when she flew tip to her room to take off her jacket and smooth her disordered hair. Never before had any man, except middle aged Dr. Rylance, talked to her of love: and that this man of all others, this man, sole master of the old mansion she so intensely admired, her friend's kinsman, owner of a good old Saxon name this man, who conld lift her in a moment from poverty to wealth, from obscurity to place and station; that this man should look at her with admiring eyes, and breathe impassioned words into her ear, was enough to set her heart beating tumultuously, to bring hot blushes to her cheeks. It was too wild a dream. True, that for tbe man himself, considered apart from his belongiDgs, his name and race, she cared not at all. But just now, in this tumult of excited feeling, she was disposed to confuse the man with his surroundings—to think of him, not as that young man with gray eyes and thin lips, who had walked with her nt The Knoll, who had stood beside her just now by the river, but as the living embodiment of fortune, pride, delight. Perhaps the vision really dominant in her mind was the thought of herself as mistress of the Abbey, herself as living for ever among the people she loved, amidst those breezy Hampshire hills, in the odour of pine-woods—rich, important, honoured, and beloved, doing good to all who came within the limit of her life. Yes, that was a glorious vision, and its reflected light shone upon Brian Wendover, and in somewise glorified him. She went down to tea with such a triumphant light in her eyes that the smaller pupils who sat at her end of the table, so as to be under her surveillance during the meal, exclaimed at her beauty. " What a color you've got, Miss Palliser!' said Lucy Dobbs, "and how your eyes sparkle! You look as if you'd just had a hamper." ' I'm not quite so greedy as you, Lucy," retorted Ida; "I don't think a hamper would make my eyes Bparkle, even if there were anybody to send me one." ' But there is somebody to send you one," argued Lucy, with her mouth full of bread and butter; " your father iBn't dead ?" " No." " Then he might Bend you a hamper." "He might, if he lived within easy reach of Mauleverer Manor," replied Ida; but as he lives in France " " He could send a post-office order to a confectioner in London, and the confectioner would send you a big box of cakes, and marmalade, and jam, and mixed biscuits, and preserved ginger," said Lucy, her cheeks glowing with the rapture of her theme. "That is what my mamma and papa did, when they were in Switzerland, on my birthday. I never had 6uch a hamper as that one. I was ill for a week afterwards." "And I suppose you were very glad your mother and father were away," said Ida, while the other children laughed in chorus. " It was a splendid hamper," said Lucy, stolidly. "I shall never foiget it. So you see your father might send you a hamper," she went on, for the sake of argument, " though he is in France." " Certainly," said Ida, " if I were not too old to care about cakes and jam." " We are not too old," persisted Lucy; "you might share them among us." Ida's heart had not stilled its stormy vehemence yet. She talked lightly to her! young companions, and tried to eat a little' bread and butter, but that insipid -fare' almost choked her. Her mind was over-' charged with thought and wonder. , Could he have meant all or half he said just now 1—this young man with tbe delicate features, pale complexion, and thin; lips. He had seemed intensity earnest, i Those gray eyes of his, somewhat too pale! of hue for absolutely beauty, had glowed' with a lire which even Ida's inexperience recognised as something above and beyond common feeling. His hand had trembled as it clasped hers. Gould there be such a: ' thing as love at first sight! and was she destined to be the object of that romantic, jassioo ? She had read of the triumphs of jeauty, and she knew that she waa hand-' some. She had been told/the fact in too! many ways—by praise sometimes, jDut much more often by envy—to remain unconscious of her charms:'.- She was ^BComfnlioKher beauty, Inclined to undervalue the gift as compared with the blessings of other girls—a prosperous home, • the world's respect, the means to gratify the natural yeanlings of youth—but she knew that she was beautiful. And now it seemed to her all at once that beauty was a much more valuable gift than she had supposed hitherto —indeed, a kind of talisman or Aladdin's lamp, which could win for lier all she wanted in this world—Wondover Abbey and the position of a country squire's wife. It was not a dazzling or giddy height to which to aspire; but to Ida just now it seemed the topmost pinnacle of social success. " Oh, what a wretch I am!" she said to herself presently; "what a despicable, mercenary creature! I don't care a straw for this man ; and yet I am already thinking of myself as his wife." And then, remembering how she had once openly declared her intontion of marrying for money, she shrugged her shonldora disdainfully. " Ought I to hesitate when the chance comes to me V she thought. " I always meant to marry for money, if ever such wonderful fortune as a rich husband fell in my way." And yet she had refused Dr. Rylance's offer, without a moment's hesitation. Was it really as he had said, in the bitterness of his wrath, because the offer was not good enough, the temptation not large enough? No, she told herself, she had rejected the smug physician, with his West End mansion and dainty Hampshire villa, his courtly manners, his perfect dress, because themsn himself was obnoxious to her. Now, she did not dislike Brian Wendovor—indeed, she was rather inclined to like him. She was only just alittle disappointed that he was not the ideal Brian of her dreams. The dark-browed cavalier, with grave forehead and eagle eyes. She had a vague recollection of having once heard Blanche say that her cousin Brian of the Abbey was like Sir Tristram's portrait; but this must have been a misapprehension upon her part, since no two faces could have differed more than tbe pale delicate-featured countenance of the living man and the dark rugged face in the picture. She quieted the trouble of her thoughts as w$U as she could before tea was over and the evening task of preparation,—the gulfs and straits, the predicates and noun sentences, rule of three, common denominators, and all the dry-as-dust machinery was set in motion again. Helping her pupils through their difficulties, battling with their stupidities, employed her too closely for any day-dreams of her own. But when prayers had .been read, and the school had dispersed, afiH the butterfly-room was hushed into the silence of midnight, Ida Palliser lay broad awake, wondering at what Fate was doing for her. " To think that perhaps I am going to be rich after all—honored, looked up to, able to help those I love," phe thought, thrilling at 'the splendour of her visions. Ah ! if this thing were verily to come to pass, how kind, how good she would be to others! She would have all at the Abbey, —the shabby old half-pay father, shabby no longer in those glorious days; the vulgar little stepmother, improved into elegance; the five-year old brother, that loveliest and dearest of created beings. How lovely to see him rioting in the luxuriance of those dear old gardens, rolling on that velvet sward, racing his favorite dogs round and round the grand old cellars! What a pony he should ride! His daily raiment should be Genoa velvet and old point lace. He should be the'admiration and delight of half the county. -And Bessie—how kind ehe could, beto Bessie, repaying in some small measure that which never could be fully repaid—the kindness shown by the prosperous girl to the poor dependent. And aboveall,—vision sweeter even than the thought "of doing good,— how ehe wonld trample on Urania Rylance —how the serpentine coils to that damsel's malice and pride could be trodden under foot! Not a ball, not a dinner, not a gardenparty given at the Abbey that would not be - — " " • • •• — • a thorn in Urania's side, a nail in Urania's coffin. So ran her fancies—in a very fever—all through the troubled night j but when the first streak of the autumn dawn'glimmered coldly in the east, dismal presage of the discordant dressing bell, then she turned npon her pillow with a weary sigh; and muttered to h e r s e l f * " After all I daresay Mr. Wendover is only .fooling me. Perhaps it is bis habit to make '.love to every decent;looking girl be meets." . The.nextday Ida walked on the same riverside path, but thiB time not alone. Her- nataral modesty shrank from the possibility of a second tete-a-tite with her admirer, and she stooped from her solitary state to ask Fraulein Wolf to accompany her in her afternoon walk. Frauline was delighted, honored even, by the request. She was a wishy-washy person, sentimental, vapourish, altogether feeble, and she intensely admired Ida Palliser's vigorous young beauty. The day was bright and sunny, the air deliciously mild, the river simply divine. The two young women paced the path slowly, talking of German poetry. The Fraulein knew her Schiller by heart, having expounded him daily for the last four years, and she fondly believed that after Shakespheare Schiller was the greatest poet who had ever trodden this globe. " And if God had spared him for twenty more years, who knows that he would not have been greater than Shakespheare ?" inquired the Fraulein, blandly. She talked of Schiller's ideal of friendship, as represented by the Marquis of Posa. " Ah," sighed Ida, " I doubt if there is any such friendship as that out of a book." " I could be like the marquis," said the Fraulein, smiling tenderly. " Oh, Ida, you don't know what I would do for anyone I loved—for a dear and valued friend, like you for instance, if you would only let me love you; but you have always held me at arm's length." " I did not mean to do so," answered Ida, frankly : " but perhaps I am not particularly -warm-hearted. It is not in my nature to have many friends. I was very fond of Bessie Wendover, but then she is such a dear clinging thing, like a chubby child that puts its fat arms round your neck—an irresistible creature. She made me love her in spite of myself." " Why cannot I make you love me ?" asked the fair Gertrude, with a languishing look. Ida could have alleged several reasons, but they would have been unflattering, so she only said feebly,— "Oh, I really like you very much, and I enjoy talking about German literature with you. Tell me more about Schiller—you know his poetry so well— and Jean Paul. I never can quite understand the Gorman idolatry of him. He is too much in the cloudB for me." "Too philosophic, you mean," said Fraulein. " I love philosophy." ' "Unless philosophy can make a Juliet, it helps not, it avails not,"' said a manly voice from the river close by, and Brian Wendover shot his boat in against the bank and leapt up from among the rushes like a riverrgod. Miss Palliser blushed crimson, but it hardly need her 'blushes to convince Friiulein Wolf that this young stranger was a . lover. Her sentimental soul thrilled at the idea of having plunged into the very midst of an intrigue. Ida's Tieart throbbed heavily, not so much with emotion at beholding her admirer as at the recollection of her visions last night. She tried to look calm and indifferent. " How do you do ?" she said, shaking hands with him. " Mr. Wendover—Miss Wolf, our German mistress." The Fraulein blushed, sniggered, and curtseyed. " This gentleman is Bessie Wendover's first cousin, Fraulein,'.' said Ida, with an explanatory air. " He was staying at The Knoll during the last part of my visit." " Yes,' and you sawmucb of each other, and you became heart- friends," gushed Miss Wolf, beaming benevolently at Brian with lier~pale green orbs. Brian answered in very fair German, sinking his voice a little so as only to be heard by the Fraulein, who was in raptures with this young stranger. So goodlooking, so elegant, and speaking Hanovetian German. He told 1 her that he had seen only too little of Ida at The Knoll, but enongh to know that she was his " Schicksal;" and then he took the Frsiulein's hand anil pressed it gently. • " ITcnow your are our friend," he said. "Bis den Tod,"gasped Gertrude. Aftertbisno one felt any more restraint. The ,Fraulein . dropped into her place of c6nfidinte>s Easily as possible. • '..- WJiat jbangs you here again this after- -noonrJtfr, Wendover ?" asked Ida, trying tolSuatainjthe idea of being unconcerned 1 in the matter. " My load-star; the same that drew me here yesterday, and will draw me here tomorrow." " You had better not come here any more; you have no idea what a terrible person Miss Pew is. These river-side fields are her own particular property. Didn't yon see the board, ' Trespassers will " Let her prosecute. If her wrath were deadly, I would risk it. You know what Rome says— " Wert thou as far As that vast shore washed with the farthest sea, I would adventure for such merchandize ?" And shall I he afraid of Miss Pew, when the path to my paradise lies so near ?" " Please don't talk such nonsense," pleaded Ida; " Friiulein will think you a very absurd person." But Miss Wolf protested that she would think nothing of the sort. Sentiment of that kind was her idea of common sense. "I am established at Ponton Hook," said Brian. " I live on the water, and my only thought in life is to be near you. I shall know every stump of willow—every bulrush before I aui a month older." " But surely you are not going to stay at Penton Hook for a month!" exclaimed Ida, " buried alive in that little lock-house?" " I shall have my daily resurrection when I see you." " But you cannot imagine that I shall walk upon this path every afternoon, in order that you may land and talk nonsense?" protested Ida. " 1 only imagine that this path is your daily walk, and that you would not be so heartless as to change your habits in order to deprive me of the sunshine of your presence," replied Brian, gazing at her tenderly, as if Miss Wolf counted for nothing, and they two were standing alone among the reeds and willows. " You will simply make this walk impossible for me. It is quite out of the question that I should come here again so long as you are likely to be lying in wait for me. Is it not so, Friiulein? You know Miss Pew's way of thinking, and how she would regard such conduct." Fraulein shook her head dolelully, and admitted that in Miss Pew's social code such a derogation from maiden dignity would be in a manner, death—an offence beyond all hope of pardon. " Hang Miss Pew!" exclaimed Brian " If MisB Pew were Minerva, with all the weight and influence of her father, the Thunderer, to back her up, I would defy her. Confess now, dear Fraulein—liebste Fraulein"—how tender his accents sounded in German !—" you do not think it wrong for me to see the lady of my love for a few all-too-happy moments once a day ?" The Fraulein declared that it was the most natural thing in the world for them thus to meet, and that she for her part would be enchanted to play propriety, and to be her dearest Ida's companion on all such occasions, nor would thumbscrew or rack extort from her the sccret of their loves. " Nonsense!" exclaimed Ida, " in future I shall always walk in the kitchen garden ; the walls are ten feet high, and unless you had a horse that could fly, like Perseus, you would never be able to get at me." " I will get a flying horse," answered Brian. " Don't defy me. Remember there are things that have been heard of before now in love-stories, called ladders." After this their conversation became as light and airy as that dandelion seed which every breath of summer blows across the land. They were all three young, happy in health and hope despite of fortune. Ida began to think that Brian Wendover, if in nowise resembling her ideal, was a very agreeable young man. He was full of life and spirits; he spoke German admirably. He had his Fraulein's idolized Schiller on the tip oftis tongue. He quoted Heine's tenderest love songs. Altogether his society was much more intellectual and more agreeable than any to be had at Mauleverer Manor. Miss Wolf parted from him reluctantly, and thought that Ida was unreasonably urgent when she insisted on leaving him at the end of half an hour's dawdling walk up and down the river path. " Achj.how he is handsome ! how he is clever! What for a man !" exclaimed Miss Wolf, as they went back to the Manor grounds, across the dusty high-road, the mere passage over which had a faint flavor 6f excitement, as a momentary escape into the outside world. " How proud you must be of his devotion to you!" "Indeed I am not," answered Ida, frankly. " I only wonder at it. We have seen so .little of each other; we have known ^ach-other so short a time." " I don't think time counts for lovers," argued the romantic Gertrude. " One sees a face which is one's fate, and only wonders how one can have lived until that moment, since life must have been so empty without him." Have you done that sort of thing often T' asked Ida, with rather a cynical air. " You talk as if it • were a common experience of yours." Fraulein Wolf blushed and simpered. •' There was one," she murmured, " when I was very young. He was to me as a bright particular star. His father kept a shop, but, oh, his soul would have harmonized with the loftiest rank in the land. He was in the Landwehr. If you had seen him in his uniform—ach, Himmel! He went away to the Franco-Prussian war. I wept for him; I thought him as Leonora of her Wilhelm. He came back. Ach!" " Was he a ghost 1 Did he carry you off to the churchyard i" Neither to churchyard nor church," sighed Gertrude. " He was false! He married his father's cook—a fat, rosycheeked Swabian. All that was delicate and refined to his nature, every poetical yearning of his soul, had been trampled out of him in that hellish war I" " I dare say he was hungry after a pro- longed existence upon wurst," said Ida, " and the instinct drew him to the cookmaid." After this there came many afternoons on which the Fraulein and Ida walked in the meadow path by the river, and walk there when they would, the light wherry always came glancing along the tide, and shot in among the reeds, and Miss Palliser's faithful swain was in attendance upon her. On doubtful afternoons, when Ida was inclined to stay indoors, the sentimental Fraulein was always at her side to urge her to take the accustomed walk. Not only was Mr. Wendover's society agreeable to her poetic soul, but he occasionally brought some tender offering in the shape of hot-house grapes or Jersey pears, which were still more welcome to the fair German. The governesses, Miss Motley, Miss Pillby, and Mademoiselle, were always on duty on fine afternoons, in attendance upon the pupils' regulation walk6—long dusty perambulations of dull high roads; and thus it happened that Ida and the Fraulein had the meadow path to themselves. Nothing occurred during the space of a fortnight to disturb their sense of security. The river-side seemed a kind of Paradise, without the possibility of a serpent. Ida's lover had not yet made her any categorical and formal offer of marriage. Indeed, he had never been one minute alone with her since their first meeting ; but he talked as if it was a settled thing that they two were to be man and wife in the days to come. He did not speak as if their marriage were an event in the near future; and at this Ida, wondered a little, seeing that the owner of Wendover Abbey could have no need to wait for a wife—to consider ways and means—and to be prudently patient, as struggling professional youth must be. This was curious; for that he loved her passionately there could be little doubt. Every look, every tone told her as much a hundred times in an hour. Nor did she make any protest when he spoke of her as one pledged to him, though no formal covenant had been entered upon. She allowed him to talk as he pleased _abont.Jheir future; and her only wonder was, that in all his conversation he spokeso little of the house in which be was born, and indeed of his belongings generally. Once she expatiated to Fraulein Wolf in Brian's presence upon the picturesque beauties of the Abbey. " It is the clearest, noblest old house you can conceive," she said ; " and the old, old gardens and park are something too lovely : but I believe Mr. Wendover does not care a straw about the place." "You know what comes of familiarity," answered Brian, carelessly. " I have seen too much of the Abbey to be moved to rapture by its Gothic charms every time I see it after the agony of separation." " But you would like to live there ?' "I would infinitely prefer living anywhere else. The place is too remote from civilization. A spot one might enjoy, perhaps, on the down- hill side of 'sixty; but i youth or active middle age every sensible man should shun seclusion. A man ,'has to fight against an inherent tendency to lapse into'a vegetable." " Fnx did not become a vegetable," said Ida; " yet how he adored St._Ann's Hill!" " Fox was a hard drinker audit Cast liver,!! answered Brian. -" If he had not: let.thfc clock run down now and then, the works would have worn out sooner than they did." But do you never feel the need of rest 1" asked Ida. Brian stifled a yawn. " So: T'm afraid I have never worked hard enough for that. The need will come, perhaps, later—when the work comes." On more than one occasion when Ida talked of the Abbey, Mr. Wendover leplied in the same tone. It was evident that he was indifferent to the family seat, or that he even disliked it. He had no pride in surroundings which might have inspired another man. One would think you had been frightened by the family ghost," Ida said laughingly, " you so studiously avoid talking about the Abbey." I have not been frightened by the ,t—I am too modern to believe in its." Oh, but it is modern to believe in everything impossible — spirit rapping, though t-Teading." Perhaps ; but I am not of that temper." And then, with a graver look than Ida had ever seen in his face, he said, " You are full of enthusiasm about that old place among the hills, Ida. I hope you do not care more for the Abbey than for me." She crimsoned and looked down. The question touched her weakness too nearly. Oh, no," she faltered; " what are cedars and limestones as compared with humanity ?" And if I were without the Abboy—if the Abbey and I were nothing to each othe»—should I be nobody in your sight ?" It is difficult to dissociate a man from his surroundings," she answered ; " but I suppose you would be just the same person ?" I hope so," said Brian. " ' The rank is but the guinea stamp, the man's a man for a' that.' But the guinea stamp is an uncommonly good thing in its way, 1 admit." These afternoon promenades between four and five o'clock, while the rest of the school was out walking, had been going on for a fortnight, and no harm to Ida bad come of her indiscretion. Perhaps she hardly considered how wrong a thing she was doing in violating Miss Pew's confidence by condnct so entirely averse from Miss Pew's ideas of good behaviour. The confidence had been so grudgingly given, Miss Pew had been so systematically unkind, that the girl may be forgiven for detesting her, nay, even for glorying in the notion of acting in a manner which would shock all Miss Pew's dearest prejudices. Her meeting with her lover could scarcely be called clandestine, for she took very little pains to conceal the fact. If the affair had gone on secretly for so long, it was because of no artifice on her part. But that any act of any member of the Mauleverer household could remain long unknown was almost an impossibility. If there had been but one pair of eyes in the establishment, and those the eyes of Miss Pillby, the thing would have been discovered ; for those pale unlovely orbs were as the eyes of Argus himself in their manifold power to spy out the proceedings of other people—more especially of any person whom their owner disliked. Now Miss Pillby had never loved Ida Palliser, objecting to her on broad grounds as a pferson whose beauty and talents were an indirect injury to mediocre people. Since Ida's visit to The Knoll her angry feeling bad intensified with every mention of the pleasures and comforts of that abode. Miss Pillby,"who never opened a book for hef own pleasure, who cared nothing for music,'and whose highest notion of art was all blacklead pencil and bread-crumbs, had plenty of vacant space in her mind for other people's business. She was a sharp observer of the fiddle-faddle of daily life; she had a actions." Thus when she perceived the intimacy which had newly arisen between Fraulein and Miss Palliser, she told herself that there must be. some occult reason for the feet. "Why did those two always walk together ? What hidden charm had they discovered in tlie river-meadow ? For this question, looked at from Miss Pillby's point of view, there could be only one answer. The attraction was masculine. One or other of the damsels must have an admirer whom she -contrived to see sometow, or to correspond with somehow, during her meadow walk. That the thibg had gone so far as it really had gtine, that anj young lady at Mauleverer could dare to walk and talk with an unlicensed man in the broad light of day, was -more than Miss Pillby's' imaginatibn could conceive. Bufc r she! speculated upon some transient glimpse of a man on the opposite bank, or in the middle distance of the river.—a handkerchief waved, a signal given, perhaps a love-letter hidden in a hollow tree. This was about the culminating point to which any intrigue at Mauleverer had ever reached hitherto. Beyond this Miss Pillby'a fancy ventured not. (To be, continued.) 