ADDRESS BT THE MODERATOR OF PRESBYTERY, The;foUowiBgvaddK*8 Nraa 'deliWifeffby the retiring ?Moderator (thB itevrtf.' Gordon) at. the meeting of the PresbyWry of South Australia on-Tuebday last :-^- ? ??' -J xo-aay x resign pne cnair tnac i nave occu pied for the last- twelve months, I regret to think with howlittte profit tb you or satisfac tion to' myself.! In doing .bo Irespest the custom of ithis Court— -as a closing address by putting together a few thoughts, as I ani able, touching matters that affect the interests of this Church, of which we, as' ministers, have had.giyen ira the oversight. I shall not attempt a review of * what has been done during my tenure of office. I prefer to glance at some things' that may possibly have hindered our progress, and the modification or. removal of which may be for our advan tage in the tune to come. No one can intel ligently survey our position as a Church in this colony and fail to perceive'that we have to contend with' difficulties and disabilities that render our case, in some respects, excep tional.. L Tor one thing we areTew: in num ber. We belong to; a Ghurch— K-ne of a group —that maybe said to be in; the category of the minority. Majorities may not ana do not weigh much with God! It has been said, ' One, with God, is a majority.' There is no restraint with the Lord to save by many or by Eew. With men it is otherwise. Mere bulk, numerical strength, here go for a good deal, ind ensure at least . apparent ! success when forces of a vital and internal kind are want ing. It has become a ctrrrehf Baying that 'Nothing i&cceedslike; ancbess,' and this holds too true ill the domain of the Church. When I fipeak of the 'Presbyterian Church as belonging -to the lesser religious bodies, of course I speak of it.ss it is in this colony. In the neighbouring colony of Victoria It ranks imong the foremost in intelligence, influence,' ind wealth, as well as in numbers. When the :onfederation of the Presbyterian Charches in the Australian Colonies shall have become m accomplished fact — and the movement is. low in progress-r-it will then be seen that ivtn in our hemisphere. Presbyterianiain is lot the sectional thibg: that many may sup pose it to heV: If we widen our vie wand take: n the whole field of its occupancy, it stands rat as one of the great Churches of Christen lom. The first General Council, held at Edin-. )urgh in 1877, of 333 ministers, commissioned jy forty-nine. Presbyterian Churches, in ;wenty-five countries or colonies; 'repre- ienting 19,000 .ministers 'with 21,443 con gregations holding creeds in harmony .vitn the consensus of the Reformed Confes dons— ' this,' as Dr. Blackie remarks, 'was i gathering tiat undoubtedly tended to. free ;he Presbyterian Church from. the prejudice ;hat has long clung to it of being a poor- piece )f provincialism, a^ troublesome but insignifi :ant obetiuction to the real authority of the Protebtant Church.' These', however, are acts not widelyknbwn by those outside our lommunion^and so we are apt to be regarded ts a scattered remnant of a Church, ancient ind respectable' perhap3, but dying out and behind the age. 2. Then, as a Church, there ? S supposed, to attach to us such 'a strong lavour of nationalism that those belonging to ? )ther communions come to be affected to wards us very much as. the Jews are said to. lave been to the Samaritans-:-':fQr the Jews iiiaveno aeaimg witu-i-ne oamantans. we are called the ^Scotch Kirk,' and English people are not supposed to understand Scotoh. Preabyterianism is put down as something specifically suited for Presbyterians, and it is taken for granted that few, if(, any, will be drawn to its communion who are not of Scottish descent. It is forgotten how rapidly the Presbyterian -Church with us is becoming colonial in its constitution. It is, forgotten that Presbyteriani8m exHted in England J8everal years earlier than in Sb6flandx dating from 1855, . Kite, f orgottem that at a later period London'waa intenEely Presbyterian— jwhich it. became under the Long Parliament. It is forgotten tHat the Westminster- Confea sibn was dtawn tip mostly byEngUah divines. These are facts of histpry.-'and Hiey|aerye ftp shpw' that 'Presbyteriahism ier. not : so fpreijn :to the^ genius, and': SDirit 6f;JEugliah; ;Pro ^testantism as many mav think, and- they may explain,' too; 'the fact tnst PresVyteriahism ia' tsaking such progress,' fiT England at the present time. -After all, Pi esbyterianiam is cosmopolitan' rather than provincial, and the impression that it is otherwise is only a Siejudice that it ia destined sooner or later to ie out. : 3. It ia probable abo, -.that' the pronounced Calviniflm of the Prtsbyteriati Church may have helped in some quartera to faiake it unpopular. -Calvinkitic the Presby terian Church is or ought to be. The West minister Council, in sympathy with reformed Protestantism^ and undertakiag^tb represent it, could do no other than embody its teach ing in a Calviniatic- theology. It ' would, however, be very consistent with, the spirit of the age, which— too much under the in fluence of a purely scientific bias— fs impa tient of dogma, and will Tiardiy admit of exact definition in theology; were^ti objec tion raised taPresbyterianism on this ground. But it .may be fairly asked .whether what gome regard as a deformity and defect be not after all a high exdellence ; whether pure Calvinism be not in harmony at pnee with a 'sound faith and a sound philosophy^' whether the dogmatism whioh s6me so stoutly oppose be not the safeguard for. the tonseryation of ' the faith once delivered to the saints. ' ? We admit the Calvinism of our standards. We do. 'so, however, with a qualification. As every dogma, as the human expression of divine truth, is alvyays Buscep tible of revision and development, bo we do not hold that the Calvinistic doctrines, as fonnulated in the Confession of Faith, are all necessarily infallible, or that they embrace in every instance '?' the whole truth. We would not subscribe- now tb the high - pitched Calvinism of Jonathan Edwards, as we would shrinfcrin these days from preaching _a sermon such aa his once famous but terrible one on ' Sinners in the bands of an angry God.' The- very phraseo logy of Calvinism has been greatly toned down, as the fierce spirit that once raged dnd reigned in the1 opposing camps of Cal: yinist and Arminian has almost entirely died a|way.. The unhappy' exchanges' of hearty anathema between Tojplacly. and Wesley, will never be repeated. With a broader view of iihe Gospel, with a larger charity, based upon a consciousness of our own ignorance and ibperfections, and with a happy deliverance from the blinding influence of party spirit and recent controversy, we hive come to'a' better understanding and adjustment on these, matters, and now regard both vie wb as phases of the great scheme of grace-^both necessary to a full and truerendering of the Divine mind in the matter of 'human salvation, 3. We pass onto another point in this line of remark. What may be affirmed with greater justice as objectionable, or at least defective, and has made Presbyterianism- less generally accep table, is our form of worship. Presbyterian Worship, as remarked by Dr. Dyke, 'under- lies the imputation among Christians of other communions of being; a Pare and cold form of Divine service, unimpressive to strangers, public^initsutterance of devout emotion, and, above all, devoid of esthetic grace. So fre quently and in so many shapes have such re proaches been made that a very general im pression has been created that 'whatever strong points Presbyterianism may boast, it has at least one weak point, and that is its conduct of divine worship. When Arnold of Rugby visited Scotland in 1831 he waa, he tells us, a worshipper hi Presbyterian Churches both in Glasgow and Greenock, and ie has this remark upon the service:— ' Nothing could be worse, as it seems to me, than the introductory prayers of the Scotch service, to judge from what I. have hitherto heard. This is how it strikes an intelligent stranger. The whole service- of the Presby terian Churches, of course, has greatly im proved since those days. But there i3 room for improvement still. The fact is pressing itself upon the attention of the Church. It & being :elt hi many quarters that, something should be done to make the service more attractive to the young, and more acceptable to men of cultivated -tagte. -At the Conference held in Melbourne in June last,' at which Mr. Lyall and myself appeared' as deputies, a report 'on the revision of the directory . fbr . the public . worship of God' was brought forward by Dr. SteeL of Sydney. He remarks :— ' It appears-that there is a' Widespread and growing feeline ? amon' Presbyterians jri favour of an improved order. There is a disposition on the part of some to,introduce a brief liturgy, but this las not met with much encouragement. ; There is a strong feeling against the prescrip tion of any forms among Presbyterian people generally. Others regret that our people take so little audible part in public prayer, apdj suggest that-thereBhouldbe'a:responsiva.. ' Amen at least given by the congregation* But the general desire Pi those seeking im provement has been hi the direction of a; better arrangement of. tht public service rather than the introduction' of any ' new ? element. These . include/; iriore ..frequent . praise, the -reading of portions from ; the Old and New Testament/at reach service, more especially an .' endeavour to make public prayer more supplicatory,- more arief, and more; frequent, and uttered in more carefully ; ssfected expressions.;' How far this movement,- in time, may carry it is impossible: to. say.. To myself,' judging from the taste and tendency of the times, it seems not extremely impro bable thatthe issue will be1 the adoption ©f some such' liturgy: as. Dr. Steel refera to, not of -»urse. precluding, the uee of ;free j prayer— a 'privUege which, I helieve, the Presbyterian Church wilt riever -consent to surrender. 'Not 'wt-tild''i3Jiar ^apfarently sferious innovation be so foreign to the geniua of : Preabytery as some .might imagine. Martin Luther, John £nox,-. John. -.Calvin, and the early Reformers generally ^relitur- gifltB.' 'Even ike . Weatminisler ' Assembly set forth it» directory of worship, which con ceded the lituipcal idea. With the impetus of public sentiment behind them reforms in iffMftlB att of fa^*ac36inp^Imi&it.; ''It Wjf^thlfr^instftmeniarmudjjn the service orthTe Ban*ctnary*'Eas Feen'alhibst univerially accepted by Presbyterians in this colony, and five-and-twenty ? years ago the repugnance .to Buch a practice was possibly greater than any opposition which the adoption of some liturgical forms would be likely to encounter in the present day. 4. Among minor causes that have told a-?airist us I would note a fact, not publicly confessed perhaps, but all the same pretty widely felt, noticed by strangers, and regretted by many among ourselves. I refer ,to the absence among us of. congregational eociality. In other oommunionsT-'-notably among the Wes leyans^this feeling is assiduously cultivated. The : congregation with them is a family; the family tie is the basis of union and the bond of friendship; It may be to a large ex tent owing to the reticence and reserve that with .us are national characteristics that there is eo little of this social element among ourselves* : It may, perhaps, in part be due to our very constituency that, as a rule, is;not orieof class, andembracea the variousgrades of society. Tog whatever cause this is due, the effect is chilling, and the sooner we seek for it a remedy the better. We want no ecclesias tical communism. 'We would not dispense with the respectful deference of .the humbler to the [ higher- classes pf society. To pay honour' to. whose, honouris due is founded oa correct sentinient, is necessary, for the 6rder and proper' adjustment of society, and is a-' ???matter' ? of -Bible injunction. Bot when .we- /meet ias: mpnibers: of the same Churoh.asiellow- communicants, it is well to remember that we sustain-to each otlie'r other than mereciv^ relations', that 'we are one in the most sacred of all bonds as brethren in Christ; And unquestionably a more affable. bearing iof the rich towards the poor, a freer intercourse between those who rule and those who serve, as observed in our Church* life and relationship, would affect most, beneficially the' best interests of the Cmuch itself and1 the general interests of society. The rich, by unbehdingV would lose nothing of their dignity, while those on a lower plane would he propitiated by such friendly advances, and religion itself would be. commended when it was seen that, by those who professed it, homage is paid to character, apart from the adventitious cir cumstances of birth and fortune. It is easy to be courteous, but the want of it among professing ? Christians begets; coldness, and in time suspicion and estrangement,, among those whose first duty it is to love one another. ' To this matter the attention of elders and deacons should,' in the. first in stance, be directed. On them it misht fairly be devolved to. introduce at least a better custom. The effect, ; I believe, would be magical, and. this, coupled with greater atten tion to strangers who may drop in to worship with us, would remove one perhaps slight stumbling-block in the way of bur progress. 5\. There is another' matter until now over looked, but so very important that it cannot, if we wish our Church to be either enduring or progressive, be overlooked any longer. I refer to the want of a. suitable manual, giving some account of our. principles and policy, and which might be put into the hands of our youth. .'Without something of this kind we cannotexpect to hayeanintelligenfclyattached Chnrch membership. The .Free Church of Scotland . many', years ago recogniied the im portance of. having for' itself some such m'anuai;.arid the late Dr. A. Gray, I remem ber, was appointed to prepare it. How much more necessary is such a thing here, far away from: the scenes of historical events in our Church's struggles for her rights— those ' events themselves growing old, the most recent, which terminated in the disruption in 1843, living only, in the memory of a few who will soon themselves have passed /away. .Our young' men have no means pf; |nform,ingj tnemselves ? of our. h jstory. They know little- or nothing of our traditions, and the, traditions of a. Church, like, the ballads of a nation, have much t6 dp with kindling and' keeping alive' public en thusiasm'. It seem/uidi^ensabl^,: therefore, that .we should supply, this want if we. would . secure ^he continuance of our Church as 'a distinctive institution in this colony. €. And it will devolve upjpn usj as minister^, tp hestir purselve's tP train, our ydung inen of piety arid intelligence ' to public duty' in our Church. The number of young men with us who can be got . to engage in . public ; prayer is, I- imagine, considerably smaller than is usually found in (-what are called , ' dis senting' Churches ? in the colonies. ' And this is easily explained! There hasbeen.no call for such duty, which the minister usually, ind almost &8 a matter of conrse, takes upon himselfi The consequence' is there is:no jupply. I am convinced that the paucity; pf praying .men — old or young,— .;dpes .not arise from the poverty of the gift of prayer, but from the' want of its. develop ment. I would not invite any man— I would pot permit any man' to engage in public prayer.- I would have all to understand that the sine qnd non of qualification is-duxracter. But this given, I believe that a very great [nany more than we imagine could be got to jngage in the exercise if we only went the right .way about it. And it is particularly important that we should try to, get young inen to make a beginning. _ It is astonishing bow easily they overcome initial difficulties, ft is pleasing to observe the progress they make in the arrangement of their thoughts ind ordering of their petitions. It is.un Joubtedly in the young men of a Church that tie the promise and potentiality of its future asefulneas and advancement. The ' Bible recognises it as a sure sign of the demoraliza tion and decay of a pe'ople when it comes to be said of it, 'The Lord shall have no joy in their young men'. (lea. ix. 17); And so jvery young man in a Church gamed for Jhnst and trained up for Christian work is i guarantee for that Church's continuance, the multiplication of such young men is the Church's truest glory, j 7. Another matter to ivbich I would refer ia that of giving«par iieularly the duty of the rich to give in some fair proportion to their ability. That ire have in our communion a large number of rich men is a fact perfectly well' known to us ill.. i That we have rich men' who give ;enerouBly is a i act we gladly recognise. But vhat we. want. ia that among thh class thh Should be the rule not the exceijtion. For it s perfectly plain that unless rich men give iboye. the measure of those who live by the iweat of their brow, above the measure even )t those who are merely 'well to do,' bur Church's schemes will and must languish for *ant of- support, and all our efforts in the lirection of extension move ineffective. Why ihould it be thought a rare thing for those to yhomGod'has given wealth to initiate the example of the good Centurion, of whom it fras said, ' He Ibveuh our nation, and hath juilt us a. synagogue ?' Why should io be a ;hing among ns without precedent to have arge legacies bequeathed the Church by rich nen? Such things are not rare in England. 3ucha'thuip[is not unknown in Scotland.. ^esa should it be so here, where, ia the past it least, princely fortunes have been of -rapid Lcnuisitinn. and where custom reouirea a less cosuy equipage as a mart oi social status ana superiority. In this matter rich men are not to be dictated to or dealt with in the way of threatening. They are responsible to 'no man and to no body of men for the disposal of their wealth. But surely no Christian man would resent it aa an impertinence were the minister, under a solemn sense of duty to him and fidelity to Christ, to appeal hi this matter to his conscience, and ask him to view it in the light of the obligations of Christian stewardship. Such an appeal— calm, kindly, and solemn, too, as in the light of eternity and the great future reckoning— might be met with the prompt response of sincere gratitude, when it is seriously remembered there is nothing that we can do that will do ourselves more good than humbly to try to do our duty, and that the tuxe comes to all when all that remains to us is what we have given away. 8\. As a last point, I would aak the brethren tp hear with me in a reference to the Presby tery itself and certain things that may be an improvement there— of course, I, speak not of its constitution, but of. its conduct, r The Presbytery is the centre of. the Church. It is the; heart' of the whole, organization. It muatneeds, therefore, exercise an influence throughout the whole bpdy,' wholesome or : otherwise, according as it is or is not pervaded by a truly spiritual tone in its proceedings. The Presbytery, meets for business, but is not therefore as a. business meeting— just as the Christian minister is ^or ought to be a social man, but not therefore a man of society. It is just here that we are upon the edge of a danger againBt which, we ever need to guard. ' Church courts,' Di. Blaiker remarks, ' are riot always nurseries of the. highest style of Christian character. There is a tendency among us to view the procediaga of -Church courts as something separate from religion— a scaffolding or machinery^or building up the Kingdom pf God, not -requiring therefore to be -stamped with the high tone of directly spiritual services.' I do not say that in this matter our case is. exceptional. Nay, I will say, and that to our credit, that the proceed inps of -this PreBbytery are, and have all along been, marked by a courtesy, a self resfraintj'a deference to the opinions and a. consideration for the. feelings of others, a desire to do all things in charity and to 'keep the unity of the Spirit infthe bonds of peace, . that do make us somewhat exceptional in a commendable way, and for which we cannot be too thankful. But there is a lack. ItiB the lack of a deep-toned epiritaality. That unction that as a sacred halo invested the brows of the Apostles, that pervaded aa a heavenly atmosphere the place of their meet ing, we do lack, and.it k impossible that any of; us should not 'be Jsensiblfi of its absence. That we have felt this ourselves U practically acknowledged by ±he arrangements that haye been made, for the close of this day's pro ceedings, whep^h? saorftme^ of the Lord's Supper is to be observed by us and memben of the Church who may join us, Letui BipS? ftaf|% will prove the mauguratioi qfjbetter timea-^the first .drops of .heaven 'eent showers of blessing t(? refresh the whou Church and' gladden the' heart of thos- who sow the seed or gather hi the harvest But we must not depend solely on thesi yearly celebrations. We must have th- pillar of cloud to go before us. We musl have our lamps always bright. We musl have the altar fire always burning. And this we can only hope to realize by having mon prayer among ourselves, and getting mon help of prayer from the Church arounc us. ' And when they had prayed the plac« was shaken where they were assembled together ; and they were all filled with th« Holy Ghost, and they spoke the word of Goc with boldness' (Acts iv., 31). United prayei and the consciousness of the presence and possession of the Holy Ghost and spiritual power ensuing^ are placed here in the relatior of cause and effect. And as we believe that the Holy Spirit is Christ's permanent gift tc the Cburcb, and as truly and as fully in the Church now as in the days of the Apostles, sc we can hope to obtain the blessings no other wiee than by a faithful observance of pre scribed conditions which are as fixed and unalterable as are the laws of nature in the world around na. Let us work in harm on], with spiritual laws and we shall have spiritual results. Let there be new springs of prayere opened up among ourselves in connection with out Presbytery meetings. Let -the prayers :of the whole Church, from pulpit and family altar b6 concentrated as a focus upon the Presbytery. Would not the result be the raising of our spiritual Iramperature ia our meetings, and' would not the Prosbyteiy become a well-spring of spiritual life and energy, vitalizing all the congregations withit our bounds ? 9. lu conclusion, let us rcmembei that as Presbyterians we belong to a Church that has mnny;claims to our preference and regard— a Church which, never distinctively political, has ever been loyal to the throne, and the firm supporter of . those, powers that be and 'are ordained of God.' . A Church that during the 300 years of its exis tence has ever been foremost in the conflict for chil and religious liberty ; that has maintained with unwavering constancy the divine authority of the Bible and the religion of Protestants ; tliat haa with equal stedfast ness upheld ;the sanctity of the Sabbath, place it on what foundation you may; a Church that, insisting on the principles of ministerial purity, has also insisted on an educated ministry, and is even now raising ita standard of education for candidates foi licence ; that preserving in just balance and proportion the clericaland lay elements in it's courts, and by the graduation of these courts affords the most effective protection to the statue of the pastor and the safest guarantee for the rights of the people ; a Church dis tinctive enough in its principles and policy to justify its claim to an independent standing among the Churches of Christendom, ana broad enough in its charity to respect the validity of ordination outside- its pale; a Church that has had assigned to it a conspicuous place in: the field of foreign missions, and that has been honoured to do a great work in the evangelization! of the heathen in India and other lands; that is in full sympathy 'with all modern revival movements conducted on scriptural principles, and -which, ; since the days of Jonathan Edwards, has . been visited with these showers of heavenly blessing ; that has in its beadroll of great men names that live in history— Enox, and Melvill; and- Hender son, and Chalmers, and Daff— a- Church whose eye has not yet grown dim, nor its natural force abated' (Deut. 24, 7); that has 'its foot on all parts of the globe, and is .especially 'active and ' advancing . wherever the English tongue is spoken ;'? a 'Church, tberef6re, ? to '? belong to ?'which we may well feel to - be an honour; the story ofj whose battles in,th9 canBO;of.rrightepu8 ness we can rehearse with, -pardonable pride, -ahd: for whose. continuance- and. cpn- Btant prosperity we may well feel assured we can pray consistently with the divine will and glory. Let it-be ours to approve our selves : worthy : ministers and members of a Church, with, so venerable, a history, and which the Lord has. so greatly blessed-r faithful followers, of men .so- illustrious for learning,' pity, and zeal. The more' we pray for our Jernsalem and seek- her good, the more', will our own siuls - be blessed, the more shall ye, be a hlessing to the rworld. -Ye are reminded that we have reached to-day the close' of another year^f bur bistpry as a Church and our exlsteiJce'as a Presbytery. It Is a moment of solemn retrosiieotaind revival. We recall the images of brethren who have gone to their rest; whoaeicouncil we sorely miss; the Iobs -of .whose , friendship we sincerely mourp. We remember, the years of bur;. past Ministry— ^t long '-. succession with some of'ns— all now as.sileht monuments of tlie dead; and bearing in their' fading tablets the record' of hours misspent, 'energies mis directed, ^purposes abandoned, hopes disap pointed, and efforts ending -m comparative f aihire. We pause for a moment like p-^sing pilgrims, and. looking back with our face wrapped 'in our mantle we drop the silent tear. But the'past is irrevocable, and we may not indulge 'the dissipation of unavailing regrets. It is to theiuture that we have to turn. -.Let it then be in the spirit and with the purpose of him who said—' I must work the work pf him that sent me while it is day ; the night cometh when no man can work.' A VISIT TO FRANKLIN,HARB.OUR. ; A correspondent writes :— It is the common belief that travelling has a tendency to broaden the views. If that is true, generally speaking, it is true in reference to this colony of ours. Let any one who, has small notions respectinjjthis part of -Her Majesty's dominion betake himself to' the'outports of South Australia proper, and he will return home with the conviction that this Is no Lillipntia. A great deal of attention has been directed to, the North, simply because that has been in the line of advancing population,- It must not be forgotten, however,- that other parts of the colony are also increasing in popula tion. / One of the unnoticed and almost un known districts is that of Franklin Harbour, to -which I have just had the .opportunity of paying a ;visit. To those who wish to follow the same course let me say that the shortest route is |by train to Wallaroo and- thence by steamer to the harbour. Not having the benefit of experience I took the steamer on Tuesday afternoon, dnd did not reach Franklin Harbour till Friday morning. . Sl'll experiorice bought is better than experience taught, and so this trouble was not without its compensa tion. The harbour itself is almost a lake, being landlocked on nearly every side, as there is only a narrow entrance through which ships can pass. 'For this reason the water 13 always smooth. The depth of water is not great, except at -, high water, when medium-sized vessels can come up to the ietty. The steamer calls here about once a fortnight with goods and passengers., The situation of this harbour is on the western side of Spencer's Gulf, about midway between Port Lincoln and Port Augusta, and almost opposite Wallaroo Bay. Much cannot be said of the township of Cowell, which is usually called after the harbour, the Govern meht'name not 'being used. It contains a decent hotel, a store, smith's shop, wheat store* but not a single chapel. The place, however, is increasing, and while I was there two donkeys arrived and this enlivened things. The district around is occupied by wheatgrowera and sheepfarmers. Seven or eight hundreds— by the names of which 3ome of our colonial lights are immor talized—are sun-eyed and taken up in some form by the selectors. A great deal of the land is taken up under scrub leases, so that Dhe man may hold several thousand acres at i nominal rental, and at the end of the term take over the whole stretch of countej -to himself. This will materially prevent the future progress of this district. The soil at. Franklm' Harbour itself is not particularly promising or beautiful, but further inland it is much better, and in the hilly country some of the best land in the colony is to be seen, rhe scattered ' settlements of people over these seven or eight hundreds enjoy but few id vantages, and. their .wants are.' no xloubt still more pressingly felt on account of the solated . character , of ? the settlement that bias taken place. ^ . They have no resident trooper or a medical man in the whole dis trict, and have to send to Port Lincoln or Port Augusta for either, unless they go to Wallaroo, which they only have the oppor-. tuniny of doing once a week. Although a telegraph line traverses the country from Port Lincoln to Port Augusta, passing within four miles of the harbour, they bave not yet the privilege of a telegraph jffice. A small ' cutter, carries the mails jnce a week |only from .Wallaroo, and this while many other places with not half the population have a daily mail. The mails are ielivered on Sundays. ' Herethe State, with- -ut any tangible reason j riot only sanctions but deliberately arranges for the delivery of nails on tlie day of rest, a state of- things which could not obtain in any other centre of population in the colonies. Until recently ;herewereno stated of regular servic6s for Divine worship,- the people dependiflg:on jccaaional visits from clergymen of different Jenominations. : The . Bible Christians intend to provide for the religious demands of the [leoplej and have recently, sent a -deputation to inspect the country with that end- in view. 