TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS Br Asjiodkus. Tbo autumnal festivities in South Australia, which havo of lato years claimed tho honor as well as tho responsibility of applying tho finish ing touchos to tho doing of each Bucceeding sea- eon, are coming on apaco. For tho tim'o being, nay, for Bomo wocks to como, tho magnotical needle of tbo turf will point steadfastly in tho direction of Adelaide— tho co-called " fari naceous" capital, whoro tbo " merry month, of May" promises to bo a period of uninterrupted activity with thoso possessed of the time and in clination to devota thcmsolvcs exclusively to tho ovents of tho Sonth Australian campaign. That a numbor of Yictorians will mako it convenient to accord their patronage there ia amplo pro f, and in addition to those who have already taken wing, accommodation on hoard of next week's steamers is already at a premium. The overland routo will bo largely availed of in consctiuonco. It seems passing strango that a race of snch un precedented value in connoction with tho Aus- - tralian turf as that for tho Adolaido Cup has not created a spirit of speculation in keeping with tho enormotiH monetary considerations associated therewith, but somehow or other tho metal- licians havo ovincod no inolination to oxtoml operations, and up to tho present speculation has boon confined to comparatively limitod dimoneions. Mr. W. Pearson struck tho first legitimate blow by tho accoptanoo of 5000 to 500 about Fryingpan. Sling has since been brought prominently forward in tho iinotations, but ub Sting ia popularly sapposod to bo what is termed a "ring" horse, i.e., owned by bookmakers or by hosowboaro recognised as having canfodoratos in tho ranks of. tho poncillers— tho public generally are loath to support an animal of his associations, no mattor how' great may bo bis chancoa of suc cess. Last year Sting, it will bo remembered, won thoAdelaido Cap when completely ignored in tho quotations, and there are thoso who ara bo- lievors in coincidences who would bo moro partial to his prospects- were ho to occupy a similar posi tion In tho betting dealings on tho prosont occa sion. Prior to his withdrawal .on Tuesday, Commotion's position in tho list of candi dates was oqnally difficult of reconciliation as that of Sting, foronly acouploof weeks ago ho was said to bo so seriously indisposed as to necessitate his withdrawal from all tho Kandwick engage ments in which ho was interested, and his owner has furthermore openly supported Fryingpan. Then there ia a tendency to rondor this particular aspoct of tho situation additionally -embar rassing . by the advent of Cxoswick, whoso turf oxistenco has all along boon an onlgma. I shall, however, summarily dismiss Crcs- wick on the ploa -of a standing aversion to bottled i|p candidates, moro especially when tho said candidates havo appeared to bo genuinely fan oat in soiling races, ob I romcmbor to be tho caso witUCreswiokat Caul field when ho suffered a hoad defeat by Mistako. It will, I fancy, toko a display of form considerably in odvonceof this to win the Adelaide Cup. Even with tho big burden of 9st 8 lb.; Fryingpon's prospects wonld appear to bo proforable to either, although I am inclined to tho belief that tho Bothnal Grcon liorso has 5 lb. or 6 lb. moro than tho- weight he would bo ablo to win with. His Victorian Club Cup performance, carrying 3 st. 9 lb., and com passing tho mile and a half in 2 min. 38 sec., will compare favorably with tho promler efforts of tho animals opposed to him; bat with 8 lb. extra and a furlong added to tho dlstancfi Hko ' lask now sot Mr. Pearson's horse !b of increased magnitude, and I am' doubtful of ' his ability to successfully negotiate the same. Malua, with duo appreciation of his reputation as a phonomeual sprinter, is also apparently over, woighted at 9 st. Thoro is a big gap botwesn the Newmarket Handicap winnor and tho noxfc two horses on tho list— Royal Irishman and Littlo Slstor, both of whom aro at 8 pt. Tho penalty In curred at Bandwick will encumber tho last namod. Bungwood and Nicholas aro nicely handicappod at 7 st. 13 lb. and 7 st. 12 lb. res'pootivcly, but whilo entertaining no partiality for tho ox-hurdh) racer, 1 am'of a like opinion that tho lost namod will bo heldsafo by his stablo companion, Lord Wilton, 0 Bt. 10 lb. Wore Colstoun in the samo brilliant form which brought him to tho front on so many occasions laBt season ho would neces sarily command great respect at 7 at, 111b.; but. conflicting reports aro afloat rogarding him, tho balance of opinion being in effect that hois not oborry ripe, Claptrap 7 at. 10 lb.( Sing .of ;tho Vale 7 st 8 lb., and -Hurrcano 7 st. jU . lb., aro a trio - I bold in tbo highest cstooin. . Baron . Von Mueller 7 st 6 lb., and Creswick 7 st. 3 lb., bath sqem to havo scontboir boot day; and of tbo others on tho list I hr.ro rayst respect for Ned of the Hills 8 st. 10 lb., Lord IVilton 6 st 10 lb., and Conjscturo 0 st. 8 lb. Whan the weights first appeared I solcctod Commotion, Littlo Bister, Claptrap, Colstoun, Hurricane and Lord Wilton amongst" thoso which I expected to furnish tho winner, and by substituting King of tho Vnlo and Conjocturo for tho two first named this is lho„ half dozen from which I shall olcct to mitke'my final selection next weok. The with drawal of Commotion, Topaz, Ycrgy and Gym khana hasroducod tbo fipld for thebig race to nine teen ; whilo tbo" absence of Liberator and Gymkhana lias brought tho numbor of con testants for tho' Goodwood Handicap to precisely tho samo figures.. At tho eleventh hour Joe" Morrison found it irapossiblo to persevere with Commotion; hence tho crack's retirement from all'his Adelaide engagements. Topaz is not sufficiently forward In hi3 preparation for so sovcra'a struggle, and the same remark applies to Ycrgy,' who is, moreover, hold safo by his former stable companion, King of tho Yale. Gymkhana's non- acceptance is attributable to bor easy defeat by Country Boy on Tuesday morning. The mm total contributed by owners of horso3 to tbo Adelaide Cup is 1110 sots., so that tho raco will rosnlt in a loss of 1950 save, to tho S.A. J.O. An excellent programmo has been provided for tho benefit of tbasa who inlond patronising El- sternwick Park this aflornoon. The bill of fare has been oxtonded to unusual proportions, no fowcr than seven events being enumerated in all. Tlia first of thoso is tho match between Mr. F. Rabius's Brown nawk and Sparrow Hawk, and Mr. P. G. Dixon's Maid of Mono and Sylph. If I mistake hot this will ho the first occasion in Yictoria in which a match has been held with pair horso teams, driven in waggons. The con ditions are tho best two out of thrco, two milo heats, for 50 sovs. a sido. From tho knowlodgo I possoss of the respective contestants I feel inclined to hazard an opinion in favor of DIXON'S TEAM. Trotting, howovor, is a peculiar littlo gamo, and it is with equal diffidence that 1 recom mend LEN HOSE for tho Free for All, trotters or pacers. To como to tho moro legitimate business, (ho Two-yoir-old Selling Raco reads a moral for ilr. Miller's best, and it would not surprise mo to see PAN entrusted with the task of defeating Ca! mcL There ia likely to bo a good field for the Hurdto Race, to appropriate which I shall doputo MEERI, next to whom Merry Maid and Nutlad appear to possoss the best chances of succosb. In tbo \Ycltor Handicap my sympathies aro with THE GHOST, who may he followed home by Cupiden and Raillery. In the Selling Raco I expect to see Mr. Miller's colors victorious a second time during the after, noon, TDLTA being my particular weakness for this evont.. Tho Elsternwicic Park Handicap promises to afford an interesting wind up, and in the hope of repeating my Moaudcr cuiqi of last Saturday I shall daciare for VICTRESS, and namo Priestess and Lesbia for places. The programme for the Winter, Spring, Now Yoar'B day and Autumn meetings 1884-5 of the Victoria Racing Club has been issuod. Tho Winter, or Steeplechase, meeting takes placo on tho 19th of July,and embraces a Maiden Hurdle Raco, of 5 sovs., with lOOsovs. addod, two miles ; Maiden Steeplechase, of 5 sovs., with 150 sovs. added, two miles and a quarter; the Grand National Hurdlo Race, of 10 sovs., with 300 sovs. added, three miles ; the Grand National Steeple- chase, of 15 sovs., with 400 sovs. added, throe miles ; a Selling Hurdle Race, of S sovs., with 100 sovs. added, two miles ; and a Flat Race, of 5 sovs. with 150 sovs. added, onemile, for two- year-oldB and upwards, lowest weight to be not less than 7 st, This raco was previously for only throecyear-olds aud' upiyards, and ob there are numerous twa-yoars-old that can get a mile tboolteration should prove n wiso one.' Tho Spring meeting as ubusI opens- with tbo Melbourne Stakes, tho value of which has been increased by 100 sovs.; whilst tho Hotham Handicap, which follows, is likewise made more valuable by the addition of 76 sovs. to the original stake. The Derby has also been altered in tho prize department, and is now ad vertised as a sweepstakes of 25 sovs, with 050 sovs. addod, instead af 500 sovs. addod monoy as before ;tho second horso is to receive 100 sovs, and the third' 60 sovs. An Increase af 50 sots, has been medo In . tho prizo for the winner of the Spring Handicap, and a. similar addition has boon mado to the added monoy in tho Royal Park Stakes, tho distance of which ovont has been mado a mile and threo quarters, instead of ouo milo and a quarter. In tho Oaks Stakes the added money has been increased from 300 ,ovb- to 375 sovs., whilst the VotoranStakesalsashows an increase of 50 sovs. . in the added monoy. ' The Flomihgtpn Stakes has also been rendered moro valuable by the addition of 75 sovs. to tho pro- ' viouriy added monoy, 150 sovs.; but the distance of this race ha, been decreased by a furlong, it now being half a mile. The prizo In tho V.R.C. Handicap has likowiso been 'supplomontod by an extra 5Q eovs. Tho Now Year's day meeting is also rendered more attrac tive by Its prizes being increased in valuo, Tho -cjilof alteration of this mooting is tho increoso of tho valuo of tho Normanby Stakos by 200 sovs., whilst the oxtra amouDt of 150 sovs, has boon added to tho 8tandiBh Plato. Tho Criterion Stakes has beon eliminated in favor of a Steeple chase, of 6 Bova.,with 300 sovs. added, about two' miles and a half. This change should mcot with tho approval of racing men. The programmo for tho Autumn meeting shows that tho Essondon Stakes, of 5 sovs., with 250 sovs. addod, takes tho placo of tho Hurdle Eaco ; but tho great alteration is in tho Aqcob Yolo Stakes, tho ; added money to whlgh has been ineroasgd to 050- sovs. -Tho- St. : Loger Stakes is increased.. in .value by 75 sovs.; whilst Tho Bourko, Nnraery and Freo Handicaps and the Maiden Stakes have also been greatly enriched. With such an intenaly inducing billof faro before them, it will bo a matter for groat wonder if tbo owuers of racehorses both in this and tho adjoin- ingcoloniekdonot rally round and make thecntrics for the various enticing events alluded to, and also tho unaltered ones which aro not mentioned here,' larger than they liavo ever horetoforo bocn. Tho incrensed addod. money makes a total amount of £1 5,500, as against £14, 125 for last reason, and £12,900 for the previous Ecacon. Tho' full pro grammo, appegrs in our advertising columns. I Respite the very irieloraent staid of tho weather on Saturday nftorabon' there was a fair attcn- darico'of spectators' at'CaulGold, whoro a capital day's racing was witnessed on tho woll appointed coirise" of the -'Yictoria :Amatonr Turf Club." Shortly before1 noon rain began to descend, and continued" at short intervals all the afternoon, which naturally provonted a large number of per sons from journeying to thoscons of operations. It is, howovcr, sati3factor/ to know that the fnnds .of tho elub aro not likciy to suffer through ths unfavorablewcather, the patronage bestowed an tho meeting being sufiiciant to guarantco tho club against any financial loss. Tho day's pro ceedings were inaugurated with a Selling Unco, in which Tulta, who got all tbo best of tho start, defeated tho favorito, tjucen Bess, by a iengtb and a half, although had tho latter got away pro perly tho positions might havo bscn ro- vorsod. Tho winnor was bought in for £50. Tho Hnrdio Race followed, and attracted nine runners to tho post, the most fancied ones being Yatoly and Ynnguard. IVitli tho oxcoption of tho downfall of Barwick, who camo to griof soon after tbo start, no mishap occurred until the field reached the vicinity of tho sod wall, whero Vanguard fell and brought Scobie down, the to- suit being tbat tho lattar's cellar bono was broken. Tho finish was then loft to Yatoly and Brcndo, the former winning easily. Tho Glen Huntly Handicap succeedod in bringing twelvo horBeB bofore the starter, Moandor, of Tusmanian repute, having the call in tho wagoring, his price boing 3 to 1, The winner, howevor, turnod up in Morryjig, who, under tho guidance of Crack- noil, cub tho favorito dawn at tho end and wan somewhat easily. Lesbia was a good third. Tho lameutablo accidont which occurred to Scobie caused the withdrawal of Euchre from tho Steoplochase, for which eight cross country cracks sported silk. Chrysalis, who was in fair condition, wa3 tho favorite at 3 to 1, wbiiBt Lizatto and Nooroug were nextindemand at a point more. Blackthorn however, about whom 8'e waro obtainable, was in great heart, and having a weight of which he is a completo mastor, the son of Alarm uover made a mistake, end won easily at tho finish from the favorito. When raoing exceedingly well Lizotte spoilt her chance by hitting nn obstacle, thereby losiog about half n dozen lengtbs at a late period of tho bnnt. Con sequently she could novor overtake tbo leadora, and bad to bo content with third place. Another unfortunate accident took place during this race. Stampodo succumbed at tho sod wall, and fell on top of his rider, Malone, who was so severely injured that his immediate removal to the Alfred Hospital was necessary. Tho Armadalo Handicap concluded the bill of faro, and onca again in a field of twenty-one the Tosmaaian importation, Meander, was installed first favorito at 2 to L Cupola and Castaway waro also well supported, but tho issuo was never in doubt, as tho favorito rushed nwoy at the fail of tho Dag, and won with great easo from Tho Ghost and Castaway, who were second and third respectively. The orrangemottts throughout tho day woro well carried out, and as the sport providod was first class, it is to bo doplored tho elemonts were not more propitious. Reep regret was evinced by thoso present at the accident to Scobio aud Malone, both of whom aro popular amongst tho partisans of the turf. There was on exceedingly large muster of rac log men at tho Qi'.cou's wharf onWodnesday afternoon, tho occasion being tho doparturo for Adelaide of tho great bulk of the Melbourne racehorses engaged in tho Adelaide Cup, Good wood Handicap and other ovents to be. decided at tho forthcoming Autumn meeting of tho South' Australian Jockey Club, Shortly after one o'clock, or nearly an hour prior to tho time appointed for tho departure of tho steamer .Yictorian, tho work of shipping the horses was commenced, and accomplished with creditable despatch and without tho occurrence of tbo slightest mishap. Tho last Newmarket Handi cap winner, Malua,- was ono of the first to be- como Safely stalled on board/and was soon after wards followed by Creswick, under the care of Joe Morrison. Mr. J. IVhittingham'o pair, Claptrap and Ironmaster, next cmbarkod, In cbargo cf their trainer, Mr. J. R. Crooko; whilst T. Jongs saw the Cup favorite Sting, tho eccentric Country man, and King of the Yale led to their borths. The first and last named of these threo horses lqokod remarkably well, and eocmod thoroughly vTound up for the campaign.' ' Ringwood, Euchre and Noorong were also passengers,, and were- watched over by Scobio— who, by the way, appeared in a disabled eanditlon, owing to bis severe accidont on Saturday last. Little Sister and Madge wore in the custody of J. Wilson, jun., whilst Chrysalis and Colatoun were under the care of Chifney and Lode respectively. All the horsos appeared to be in good condition, and providing that no accidont bofall thorn they should parSci- pato in tho honors to bo derived from the coming gathering in tho adjoining colony. As soon as tho lot wcro comfortably berthed on tho steamer tho latter moved off and proceeded ou Eor voyago to tho scene of operations. Fine woathor, a fair attendance and largo fields wore tho leading features associated with the in auguration of tho " Warrnambool week" on Tuosday lost, and ill faco of these satisfactory circumstances very littlo was left to bo desired by way of completing tho success of tbo opening operations. Tbo meeting was patronised by a goodly number of metropolitans who ara cu rouie to tho scone of tboAutumn campaign at Adclaida. Although tho fields wcro uncommonly largo, backers wqra vory happy in their selections; and H redounds creditably tq their judgment to Bay that Stafford, St. Patrick and Skipper wore heavily hacked laoaoh of their respective raoos. Noithcr wcro the remaining winners, Gildoroy ; and tho veteran Revlin, allowed to start without a fair amount of support. Stafford, who is a four-year-old son of (Lord Lyjton, cut down ; n big field in the Autumn Stakes, and has . tho makings of a good horse, Tho well known stiffness of the local ccnrsu proved detrimental to the majority of the competitors for tho Junior , Steeplechase, aud it remained for Gihloroy'n extra ability in tho jumping business, together with ft bit of a pull iu tho matter of condition, to land him a winnor. Although there wero 15 . startors for tho Hurdlo Raco thoso behind St. Patrick mnde.no -mistake in ncccpting a short price ; neither, wore the odds laid on Skipper for tho Flying 8tukosover in doubt. Tho Poor's gamo old son, Devlin, wound up thoday's oport by add- . ingtohis numorous winning records, and onca ,, more passod under tho hammer for i7 sovs. Tho anuual ruco masting of the Warrnamhool Racing Club was brought to a conclusion on. the - local course on Thursday, when every thing . ; passed off in a thoroughly successful manner.- The most noticeable feature of tho day was -tbo '- excessively . large, attendance of visitors, tho,., , nugbcr presont being the greatest that T has been seen on the course for many years past. ' As the weather was also beautifully fino and the ;V raoing, on tbo wholo, good, it was only natural , tbat a really enjoyable day's sport should bo tho , rosult. Out af the six events on tho programmo .( no les3 thau three were of tho jumping order, so' that amplo opportunities were afforded to cross. .... country parformcrs to earn distinction for theni- solves. The Warrnamhool country, however, has, , long beon famed for it3 efficacy in bringing .join- >., pors to grief, a reputation which it did not fail la ., maintain on tho present occasion, as tumbling : and balking wero tho characteristics of tho pro- . ceding?. In the ittaugcral event of tho day, the Trial Stakes, hackers hegaa badly by supporting Little John at orou monoy iu a field of nine run. nors, and comparatively nogiectiilg tho winnor, which turned up in Insolvent, a bay gelding three years old, by King Cole out of Grace. Tho start- , ing prico of this horse wan 5 to 1, and as ho ia reported to havo accomplished the distance, fivql . furlongs, in 1 min. 1 see., and won by four . louglhs, ho undoubtedly occupied a falso poBitioit u tho betting ; Jim Scandal was socont' and . Littlo John third. Tho prediction of backers that Sundowner would appropriate iho Handicap . Hurdlo Race was subsequently proved fallacious, . ho being dofeated by Banker and After Dark, . who finished first and second respectively. let tho Handicap Flat Race,' however, which succeeded, tho public mado no mistako, for Skipper, who wus hacked at orans, just vanquished . Irraleo by a bead. The great contest of tbo day,. , namely, tho Handicap Steeplechase, followed, for > which Sevan aspirants sport cd silk, Jack Scandal boing ontrusted with tho most monoy. When tbo first obstaclo was reached, however, thp favorite, Miss Mercury, Doris and Lillipntiau either refnsed or foil, Govornor, All Sorcno and , Union being tho only horses to nogotiato It. Afterwards Union and Governor came down, and thenceforth tho raco wus over, as All Serene, who jumped magnificently, won with remarkable eaeq from Union, who was followed home by Govvrnorv Ail Soreno, itwiU be remembered, won this event , lost 5'ear, whoa ha carried 11 st. 7 lb. to victory, > Tho Selling Flat Race fell to BarJoy Bree, LittLj ; , Nell, thofavorito, wusaecond, and My Lord third,' ; Tho winnor was sold to Mr. C. Farrio for £40, ot ; which £30 went to the club.. Tho last raco of thq - day was tho Selling Steeplechase, in which eight ; combatants started, All Serene being amongst tho. . numbor, a circumstauco which, after his previous ,, eovcro journoy in tho big steeplechase, was pro. , vocative of great surprise. That tho horso must ,, havo been quilo distressed was amply proved by his refusal to jump in thin cront, and the conao. .- quenco was that King of Tramps, who carried tha , public money, was loft to finish alone, all tha . othors either baulking or falling during the race. -: During tho threo days' racing tho amonnt re- , coived for admission was £383, Altogether tha , meeting was a real success, and the greatest-credit - is due to tho ofiioiais ot tho club far the pains- ; taking way in which they worked to obtain this: : end. Glorious weather hailed tho annnal rata- ; meeting under the auspices of the "Warrnamhool ; Amateur Turf Club, whichjpassed off successfully on tho local caurso, oa Wadnesday last. As tha gathering intorvenod between tho first and secona day's racing of the annual meeting of the Warre , numbool Racing Club, it was favored- by a good attandanco, and although the fields were small , backers had a rare good time, they being success- . ful in spotting no less than six winners out o j, ' ths seven ovents on the card. After laying 6 to ,' 4 on Douglas who appropriated tho AmqtcurTarl . ' Club Plate, ths backers placed similar confidence j in Fugitivo for tho Hnrdio Raco, which sho won. , with little opposition, Foirlight tho only othef ' starter, falling. Tho Bracelet Stakes was regarded ; as a certainty far Stafford, and once mere tha.. bookmakers suffered, the favorite winning easily.- . Tho Yoteran Stak03 fell to Argus Girl ; Waudo, who was most fancied, finished second. Bab- soqncqtiy Stafford, upon whom 5 to 1 was freely- . laid, defeated four opponents, and landod tha -. Visitors' Trophy, whilst Calcutta, who loft thq - paddock a warm favorite for tho folo Pony Raco , juatiGod tho good opinion held of her by winning > . without being oxtonded. Tho conelnding' evenly . of tho day, the Flying Stakes, onoe moro saw. th<f,: t prediction of backors fulfilled, as Tell Tale, tha ,, favorite, found to difficulty in administer ing defeat fa bet four adversaries. On the wbolo tUo arrangomouta wero woll carried/ - out, (intl a vory pleasant day's outing was tha ; rosult. A local paper announces that at a recent com . mittoo meeting of tho Kyneton Racing Cluh i - statement of accounts was presented by'thj,; secretary and duly adopted. Tbo statemoflt , showed that U;e financial results of tbo l&tg; ; mooting wcro very satisfactory; a good batano( remaining to credit. A bonus of £15 was passed , tp Mr. 1'. T. Lavondor, tho secretary, in rocogni. tion of his exertions, to which much of thC success of tho meeting wao attributed. The programme for tho race mooting to.bo hol . under tho auspices of tho Wyndham Ricing Club. y on tho 30th iust. bos been issued, . It ombracei. ; a handicap hurdle race of 40 sovs., ono mile ana , 1 a half ; a handicap stoopieebuso, of 50 sovs.,.tw( . i miles ; tho Wyndbam Handicap, of 00 sovs., oof . mile and ft dlstaneo ; a selling atako of SO flora five fnrionga;t&» Werrlboo ParkHandicap.of 60 On., .half a'milo ; and tho District Plato, of 20 BOTH.; ono-iriil&i; Sooh a. bill of faroaii thia should borospoudod to withcapital' entries, which, by tho way, aw duo at it ho secretary's offico on the JLvjtU insfa. . '' " ;v The Victoria Bacirig Clnbbavo isanedthe condi tions for tho folIoning raccSj Cntriea .-for which must bo made on or bbferethtf 2nd of Junbncxt: -r-SprlngjicolinglSy— dIJarlbynorig Plato, Sfol- bonrno Oup ; Now 1 Yoar'a Day Moating 18S5— KormAnhy RtnkeS ; Autumn Meeting 1885 — Ascot YqtoBtakes 'aq'dQliapipidn Stakes; Spring Meet lrij.1855Vigtoriz Derby, .Oaks States; Autumn Meoling '188(P-St. Leger Stakes, Sires' Traduce plates; Spring . Meeting 1S811— Maroa' rroduco ptakea. £5 must bo forwarded with each Komi nation for. the "Molboutno Cup; and £1 for eacfi liomlaAtion 'of foals, Marcs Produce Stakes ?8?0: Tboolher races require no money with tho nominations. .Full particulars of the pro- gramrno will bp;/, found in our - advertising CoUimps. . T,'. - ; . t Pell Moll, from whom eo much has been expected; but who has as yot failed to justify tho liigti .'Opfhibh entertjhed' of him,, is nort the proporly of the woll known stcoploehase rider Seobio, who, subsequent to tho late Autumn Jnoe'tiflg of the Australian Jockey Club, purchased thd disappointing son of Panic for 400 gninoas jfrorii Mr. W. B. Hall,' It is stated that Pell Moll, ...who proved to bo n very expensive qusloaicr to.. . his, previous k copers, is deatineiyfor tho jumping buainess, and will hoboefortU receive instruction therein .from the clover Uallarat division to which his present Owhor bolonga. ' Should tho horeo Ipko kindly to his new work there is no reason why, bo- should not, in time, amply repay Scobie for his'ontlny. When a'throo-year-old Pell Mali was regarded as nanporior colt to Commotion, but being a difficult nntmaltotrain.be has hardly, over, siqcb been brougbl to tbo starting post in lino condition; It is to bo regretted that several horses which, wore thought to possess excellent chances of: success in thd Adoiaido Cup. hail to he withdrawn from that evont in consequence of sustaining: mishaps which necessitated1' tho pon being put through liiefir names, Amongst these may bo tqahtionod the names of Commotion, who suddenly ifebt tight .offTxrior' to the .race for tbo' Sydney Odp p.Sir Gtarnot, - who' broke down badly home time ago; arid SsrdinB, who does not appear to'hsvo yotreco'vored from the accident which he net with at Fiomiugton. Through want of con dition Dospot and Topaz wero scratched, whilst tho same complaint appears to hava been tho. CSUBO of tho retirement of" Dirk Hntteraick from : the list: 'AV these absenteos are nllnoted per formers, and were thought to have been well treated by the handicappor, il ia a pity that their, toamcsarc necessarily missing' from tho accep tances, for with at least Commotion, Despot and Bardius in it tho combat for tho great South Aqatralian prize would be' rcoro interesting than It is at present. - i , - , The steamer Victorian,, which left hero for Adelaide en Wednesday afternoon, bad on board rianbsUntial nnmber.of. Melbourne racing; men of -various grados, "intent on being present, to jrii'ness-tlio straggles for - tho Adelaido Cup and Goodwood Handicap, which aro to bo decided ait the. forthcoming Aalumnmeeling of tbo South Australian, Jockey .Club, r Aiqqugst -those that look their departure t>y 'this boat were'linles,! O'Brien, Iviiny'and1 Batty. 'tho well known: horsemen, who will' act 'their - parts; in the' campaign;.' Tbore iwtfe also Eoveral motallicians' observable on the deck of the steamer, as she oleired out' from the Queen's wharf and ontcred upon bor voyage to the adjoining colony. - Scobio, . tho, popular cross country rider, met wKh a- vory. serious -accident whilst riding Van. 'gusd in IhoHurUlcRaca at Canlfiold on Satur day ..afternoon. When near the sod wall tho; horse alluded to jumped slorouly at an obstacle, «uit falling; brought 'Scobie down with him;- tho result of whicli was. that Scobio had hie Collar bone broken. To' mako-- matters worse another painful mUhap'occnrrod in tho' Etceplcchaso soon afterwards, through ' Stampede, coming to 'grief nd causing sack. severe injuries 'to . his rider,'- Sljifono, that the' latter had to be taken to tho hospital..; . v .' ' Ahroiontallo' accident ; happened- to Mr. R. vhirhside whilst ho war riding the horse Pea 'ieck iu the Flying Stakes at the annual meeting of tho iVarrnimhqbl; Amateur Turf "Club on "Wednesday last. It appears that when nearing .the straight'trie. horeo alluded to wbb leading tho Hold, but unfortunately ran against a post, niid paused his rider to 'bo thrown ' violently to the ground, tho conseduerica of which waa that Mr.' Ohirnsido Buetnincd' several tevcro injures, hiij left lqgheing badly fractured. Groat regret wa WProbcd at tho urifbrtflhato occhnence. ' " Favo,. tho winner of the last Sydney Gold Cup has been withdrawn from the Royal Slakes and Birthday Cdp.to bo decided at tbo coming meeting Of ihe.fjydnoj: Turf Clqb. ! .Explorer, has "likeyvlao . bbhn scratched fortho Eameovent3. :" I rogrcl.lb announce. tho death of that excellent Stfld horeo;- Don Giovanni, whioh occurred at iexlga 'oh Saturday last, when' the site of those well-known animals, Don Quixoto and Lcporello, succumbed to a sdv'ors attack of inflammation of ths lungs, from whioh bo had been suffering for sornq time;" Tho decease of this noted brother to Bon Juan, tho hero ;of a MclbournoCap, will occasion a sevoro Iosato hie owner, .Mr. Alexander Bpiith. 1 : >firam Indian files I learn th,at At tho Dmballa Spring mooting - in March last Australian bred 'horses woro ohco more to the fore. In tho Sir- hind Plato, our old acquaintance Caspian, who it .will bo romomborcd was u favorito for tho V.R.C. Dorbywon bySuwarrow, carried off the prize with the steadier of ,0 at, 71b, upon, bis back, Re- joclcd, anothor colonial racer, waa second: and DUltio, tho onco promising colt of tho St. Allan's Btabio, was third. Three others started, Glad Tidings, tho hero of tho Caulficld ladies' Brace- Jel of 1882, 'being nmougst the number. Tho Ail- Horao Handicap resulted in a victory for Well- Vf od, a maro which' also bails from these shores ; Caspian boingsecond. Glad Tidings also run, but . did not got a situation. Tbo Subaltern's Cup (Steoplechaae) fell to another colonial' exporia- ticin in tho shape of Beeswing, who with H'et. 7 lb. in the saddle beat four others easily. Groy Friar, of Australian ropnto, carried list, to riCtory Jit tho Copsofation Steeplechase, beating J Hoctor, ' Skylark,' Diamoiid' aud At' Usat; 11 of hiqh names will bo , familiar : to colonial .racing men. Themcating siltogotber was a success, and tho'rdctng prestige of- tho colbnioa was, l am happy, to, soy, woll 'main):|i&cd; by'riur old eqnine friends in India. . , The programme for si raco 'mooting (u be held , at RoscdaJo" on" tho ! Queen's ' Birthday has been ' iSauedahd psit embraces 'a hut lie ra'co; a steeple- : chaso, and. royeral', olhor ;intqrea'ting: erents,. a capital day's sport should be the result, and pro- . vided that tho demonts aro propitious thcro will doub'tlcss bb a good atlbridarico df visitors to.wit- ness ths proceodings. K , . Al the last ariuual meeting of 'the Adelaido ; Hunt Club, on last Thursday wcokj the report and balance ahoet. wero presented, and showod 'that;lh'cra.waa U .profit fqi; the pask. soaEon . of £144.12s. fid. In accordance with tho rules of the clnb, the master and secretary rcsignod their bffieca arid intimated thpy, did .not dosire. to be ro-eleotod. The mooting was subsoqnontly adjourned for a fortnight, for the purpose of securing gentleman to fill tho vacant positions. Bactog. riieti.wiU.be pleased to hear that Mr. Fidd, of Bnfiold, is not to;bo lost to the turf as generally , supposqd, - " Merlin," of the ' Tac mauim Mail, writes thus:— "Wlilo in tho vicinity. I so\zad . tho opportunity of paying the squire of BriGeld a -Visit, and during an interesting chat with him npon. racing matters I was glad to hear that ho has determined to raco ngairi.iri,Ta8mania; aiid'tho fillies by Napoleon odt of Beila.and Pearl, and tho St. Albans filly out of Bella— a perfect boaqty— will ehortly be put in training. This is no'ws that will giro much satisfaction. Mr. Field ia much pleased with the Bapidist'foals.nrid next season wilt put 16 mares to him which havo nover been to a horse before. Tholr value may bo estimated whon I state, that II are by St. Albans, 4 by Oastio Hill, and 1 by CervuB. All of them are descended.from Whiu- gigEdolla. If theso' mares. were offered for salo by public auction they would realieo good prices. Mr. Pioid basnororsolda maro since 1855, when' Mr. W.' Brown purchased Lady Hamilton, Miss Flying Childors, 'Iris arid Mystory. ' Bella last season foslod a fins filly, by Lapidist. She has a two-ycar-pid filly by Npnoleon, a throq-year-old colt (Bonnie Dundee) by St. Albans, arid a four- yesr-old filly by the sumo sire." Tho samo writer remarks " Tho, other day I 'had the pleasure of inspecting the Bntally string. The team bus been considerably reduced s'mco I last paid a visit to Bntally, Pride of tho Hills arid Meteor having bpon eold/an Hawthorne having joined Mr, S. G. Cook's atablo .at Bicmington. Tho strapping Coronet and littla;Vidolto .aro in work for the Birthday meeting at Mowbray, and both look weil: .Coronet has made a lot of im- proromont during the last low months, and ia a good looking horeo, with substance enough to carry 16 et. to hounds,. : My favorite, Anchorite, 'who' is a grand spocimon of tho thoroughbred, and pais mo - ebmething itv'inind of, what Stock- woll was at his ago, will not run at tho Birthday ..meeting; 'I hcar tbst a tempting offer has been modo for .this horeo by a gentleman in another 'colony; but I trust ilri'Reiboy-will remain firm, for I would bo sorry to aso aubh a colt as Anchorits leave Tasmania,." ... .. . Tim nettling- over- Onhaparinga bos not (says "TrprtipSlor,"'of ths Pbtcrver) boon hltogethcr -catisfaotoryatld there has been a good deal of talk over the case Of h layer who hazarded' £1000 Bgairiat tiielsuccees of a cortain winner; arid now finds himself' unablo to pay. Tho matter will probably come before Tatleiusll's, and it seCma to me tbat tho jomuiilted of the olub migh t do worse than exeroise a litllo mores supervision of- thoir..bookmakit>g' members. The public are popularly .-supposed to havo- nono the best of their transactions with layers, and if when they do wih iho money is not forthcoming bscklnghorscsis indepd a bod game. Mr. Gordon is. said to ho getting out a com plete statement of tho present position of the' Adelaide Racing .Club, and ho will shortly call a meeting of sporting men in the hops of getting the A.B.O. formod jnto a legitimato racing club. ' Owriore of horsCB are reminded that thsgonera- cntries for tbo approaching autumn meeting of the Murrumhidgo'o Trirf Olub; to be held on tho 7tli and 8th inst., will close fit the' ofijeo. of the secretary of tho olub . at- four, o'clock ..on -Monday afternoon. The eroufs requiring ' attention are the Soiling Plato, Flylrig: Handicap, Mile Handi cap, Maiden Plate, Princo of Wales Strikes and Open Handicap. _ The gonernl entries for the minor handicaps of the' Sydney Turf Club's Queeli's. Birthday moat ing aro duo at or before 'four o'clock next Wednesday afternoon, when tbo -hrist forfeit for tho Royal Stakes and Birthday Oup must also be declared. Trio events requiring tub attention of intending nominators are the Hurdle Race of 5 soys, with .100 sovs. added, two miles ; the May Stakes of 5 sots, with 100. bo vs. added, one mile and a quartor! the Belling Plato of 200 sovs. one milsjqnd the Ladies' Bracelet) valued'at CO sovs. one milo and a quarter. - . Tho tbrec-yoar-old colt Merryjig, that so easily appropriated- the Glen Huntly Handicap at Caul, field on Saturday last, has been disposed of by Mr. M, Jacobs, through Messrs.- W. 0; Yuillo and Co. , and will, I learn, proceed to Queens bind. Being by King Colo out of Phizgig no fault can bo found with the colt's brooding, -end he will probably, when in bis now home, repeal bis triumph of last :week. Tablotop, who was also owned by Mr. Jacobs, haB likowiee changed bands, his destina tion, I kolleve, being India. Messrs. Yuille and Co. bsvonlso sold, on account of Mr,. John Wag ner, tho woil known racohorso Wolcomo Jack the purchaser being Mr. Gcorgo Davis, of Gipps- land. Through tho, agency of ths. same auc tioneers, Mr. J, Morrison's chcBlnut colt Falkirk has likowiao boon- sold to a buyer who intends taking tho colt to India. 