PHILOSOPHY. ECCLESIASTICAL INSTITUTIONS. RELIGIOUS RETROSPECT AND PROSPECT.* By Herbert Spencer. [Concluded.] The cruelty of a Fijian god who, repre sented as devouring the souls of the dead, may be supposed to inflict torture during the process, is small compared with the cruelty of a god who condemns men to tortures which are eternal: and the ascription of this cruelty, though habitual in ecclesiastical formulas, occasionally occurring in sermons, and still sometimes pictorially illustrated, is becoming so intolerable to the better-natured that while some theologians distinctly deny it, others quietly drop it out of their teach ings. Clearly this change cannot cease until the beliefs in hell and damnation disappear. Disappearance of them will be aided bv an increasing repugnance to injustice. The visiting on Adam's descendants through hun dreds of generations dreadful penalties for a small transgression which they did not com mit, the damning of 'all men who do not avail themselves of an alleged mode of ob taining forgiveness which most men have never heard of, and the effecting a recon ciliation by sacrifice of one who was perfectly innocent are modes of action which, ascribed to a human ruler, would call forth expres sions of abhorrence; and the ascription of them to the ultimate cause of things, even This article will eventually form tbe closing chapter of "Ecclesiastical Institutions"—Part VI. of "The Principles of Sociology." The statements concerning matters of fact in the first part of it are based on the contents of preceding chapters. Evi dence for nearly all of them, however, may also be found in Part I. of " The Principles of Sociology," already published. now felt to be full of difficulties, must become impossible. So, too, must die out the belief that a power present in innume rable worlds throughout infinite space, and who during millions of years of tne earth's earlier existence needed no honouring by its inhabitants, should be seized with a craving for praise; and having created mankind, should be angty with them if they do not per petually tell him how great he is. Men will by-and-by refuse to imply a trait of character which is the reverse of worshipful. Similarly with the logical incongruities more and more conspicuous to growing intel ligence, passing over the familiar difficulties that sundry of the implied divine traits are in contradiction with the divine attributes otherwise ascribed—that a god who repeats of what he has done must he lacking either in power or in foresight; that his anger presupposes an occurrence which has been contrary to intention, and so indi cates defect of means, we come to the deeper difficulty that such emotions, in com mon with all emotions, can exist only in a consciousness which is limited. Every emotion has its antecedent ideas, and ante cedent ideas are habitually supposed to occur in God. He is represented as seeing and healing this or tbe other, and as being emotionally affected thereby. That is to say, the conception of a divinity possessing these traits of character necessarily continues anthropomorphic, not only in the sense that the emotions ascribed are like those of human beings, but also in the sense that they form parts of a consciousness which, like the human consciousness, is formed of successive states. And such a conception of the divine consciousness is irreconcilable both with the unchangeableness otherwise alleged, and with the omniscience otherwise alleged. For a consciousness constituted of ideas and feelings caused by objects and occurrences cannot be simultaneously occupied with all objects and all occurrences throughout tbe universe. To believe in a divine conscious ness, men must refrain from thinking what is meant by consciousness—must stop short with verbal propositions; and propositions which they are debarred fron rendering into thoughts will more and more fail to satisfy them. Of course like difficulties present themselves when the Will of God is spoken of. So long as we refrain from giving a definite meaning to the word Will we may say that it is possessed by the Cause of All Things as readily as we may say that love of approbation is possessed by a circle; but when from the words we pasB to the thoughts they stand for we find that we can no more unite in consciousness the terms of the one proposition than we can those of the other. Whoever conceives any other will than his own must do so in terms of his own will, which is the sole will directly known to hiin. all other wills being only inferred. But will as each is conscious of it presupposes a motive, a prompting desire of some kind— absolute indifference excludes the conception of will. Moreover, will, as implying a prompting desire, connotes some end con templated as one to be achieved, and ceases with the achievement of it, some other will, referring to some other end, taking its place. That is to say, will, like emotion, necessarily supposes a series of states of consciousness. The conception of a divine will, derived from that of the human will, involves, like it, localization in space and time: the willing of each end, excluding from consciousness for an interval the willing of other ends, and therefore being inconsistent with that omnipresent activity which simultaneously works out an infinity of ends. It is the same with the ascription of intelligence. Not to dwell on the seriality and limitation implied as before, we may note that intelligence, as alone conceivable by us, presupposes existences independent of it and objective to it. It is carried on in terms of changes primarily wrought by alien activities—the impressions generated by things beyond con sciousness, and the ideas derived from such impressions. To speak of an intelligence which existB in the absence of all such alien activi ties is to use a meaningless word. If to the corollary that the First Cause, considered as intelligent, must be continually affected by independent objective activities, it is replied that these have become such by act of crea tion, and were previously included in the Firet Cause; then the reply is that in such case the First Cause could, before this 'crea tion, have had nothing to generate in it such changes as those constituting what we call intelligence, and must therefore have been unintelligent at the time when intelligence was most called for. Hence it is clear that the intelligence ascribed answers in no re spect to that which we know by the name. It is intelligence out of which all the charac ters constituting it have vanished. These and other difficulties, some of which are often discussed hut never disposed of, must force men hereafter to drop the higher anthropomorphic characters given to the First Cause, as they have long since dropped the lower. The conception which has been enlarging from the beginning must go on enlarging, until by disappearance of its limits it becomes a consciousness which transcends the forms of distinct thought, though it for ever remains a consciousness. " But how can such a final consciousness of the Unknowable, thus tacitly alleged to be true, be reached by successive modifications of a conception which was utterly untrue? The ghost theory of the savage is baseless. The material double of a dead man in which he believes never had any existence. And if, by gradual de-materialisation of this double was produced the conception of the super natural agent in general—if the conception of a deity, formed by the dropping of some human attributes and transfiguration of others, resulted from continuance of this process—is not the developed and purified conception reached by pushing the process to its limit, a fiction also ? Surely if the primi tive belief was absolutely false, all derived beliefs must be absolutely false." This objection looks fatal; and it would be fatal were its premies valid. Unexpected as it will be to most readers, the answer here!to be made is that at the outset a germ of truth was contained in the primitive conception— the truth, namely, that the power which manifests itself in consciousness is but a differently-conditioned form cf the power which manifests itself beyond conscious ness. Every voluntary act yields to the primitive man proof of a source of energy within him. Not that he thinks about his internal ex periences ; but in these experiences this notion lies latent. When producing motion in his limbs, and through them motion in other things, he is aware of the accompany ing feeling of effort. And this sense of effort which is the antecedent of changes directly produced by him, becomes the con ceived antecedent of changes not produced by him — furnishes him with a term of thought by which to represent the genesis of these objective changes. At first thu idea of muscular force as anteceding unusual events around him carries with it the whole assem blage of associated ideas. He thinks of the implied effort as an effort exercised by a being wholly like himself. In course of time these doubles of the dead, supposed to be workers of all but the moat familiar changes; are modified in conception. Besides becom-j ing less grossly material, some of them are developed into larger personalities presiding over classes of phenomena which, being com-; paratively regular in their order, foster the idea of beings who, while far more powerfal than men, are lesB variable in their modes of action : so that the idea of force as exercised by such beings comes to be less associated with the idea of a human ghost. Further, advances, by which minor supernatural agents become merged in one general agent, and by which the personality of this general agent is rendered vague while becoming widely extended, tend stillfurther to dissociate the notion of objective force from the force known as such in consciousness; and the dissociation reaches its extreme in the thoughts of the man of science, who inter prets in terms of force not only the visible changes of sensible bodies, but all physical changes whatever, even, up to the undula tions of the ethereal medium. Nevertheless, this force (be it force under that statical form by which matter resists, or under that dynamical form distinguished as energy) is to the last thought of in terms of that internal energy which he is conscious of as muscular effort. He is compelled to symbolize objective force in terms of subjective force from lack of any other symbol. See now the implications. That internal energy which in ths experiences of the primi tive man was always the immediate antece dent of changes wrought by him—that energy which, when interpreting external changes, he thought of along with those attributes of a human personality connected with it in himself—is the same energy which,, freed from anthropomorphic accompaniments, is now figured as the cause of all external pheno mena. The last stage reached is recognition of the truth that force, as it exists beyond consciousness, cannot be like what we know as force within consciousness, and that yet, as either is. callable of generating the other, they must be different modes of the same. Consequently the final outcome of that speculation commenced by the primitive man is that the power manifested through out the universe, distinguished as material, iB the same power which in ourselves wells up under the form of consciousness. It is untrue, then, that the foregoing argu ment proposes to evolve a true belief from a belief which was wholly false. Contrariwise, the ultimate form of the religious conscious ness is the final development of a conscious ness which at the outset contained a germ of truth obscured by multitudinous errors. Those who think that science is dissipating religious beliefs and sentiments seem un aware that whatever of mystery is taken from the old interpretation is added to the new; or rather, we may say that trans ference from the one to the other is accom panied by increase, since, for an explanation which has a seeming feasibility, it substitutes an explanation which, carrying us back only a certain distance, there leaves us in pre sence of the avowedly inexplicable. Under one of its aspects scientific progress is a gradual transfiguration of nature. Wnere ordinary perception saw perfect simplicity it reveals great complexity; where there seemed absolute inertness it discloses intense activity, and in what appears mere vacancy it finds a marvellous play of forces. Each generation of physicists discovers in so called "brute matter" powers which but a few years before the most instructed physi cists would have thought incredible; as instance the ability of a mere iron plate to take up the complicated serial vibrations produced by articulate speech, which, all translated into multitudinous and varied electrical pulses, are retranslated a thousand miles oil oy another iron-plate and again heard as articulate speech. When the explorer of nature sees that, quiescent as they appear, surrounding solid bodies are thus sensitive to forces which are infinitesimal in their amounts—when the spectroscope proves to him that molecules on the earth pulsate in harmony with -molecules in the stars—when there is forced on him the inference that every point in space thrills with an infinity of vibrations passing through it in all direc tions ; the conception to which he tends is much less that of a universe of dead matter than that of a universe everywhere alive; alive if not in the restricted sense, still in a general sense. This transfiguration, which the enquiries of physicists continually increase, is aided by that otber transfiguration resulting from metaphysical enquiries. Subjective analysis compels us to admit that our scientific inter pretations of the phenomena which objects present are expressed in terms of our own variously-combined sensations and ideas are expressed, that is, in elements belonging to consciousness, which are but symbols of the something beyond consciousness. Though analysis afterwards reinstates our primitive beliefs, to the extent of showing that behind every group of phenomenal manifestations there is always a nexus which is the reality that remains fixed amid appearances which are variable; yet we are shown that this nexus of reality is for ever inaccessible to consciousness. And when, once more, we remember that the activities constituting consciousness, being rigorously bounded, cannot bring in among themselves the activi ties beyond the bounds, which therefore seem unconscious, though production of either by the other seems to imply that they are of the same essential nature; this necessity we are nnder to think of the external energy in terms of the internal energy, gives ratner a spiri tualistic than a materialistic aspect to the universe; further thought, however, obliging us to recognise the truth that a conception given in phenomenal manifestations of this ultimate energy, can in no wise show us what it is. While the beliefs to which analytic science thus leads are such as do not destroy the object-matter of religion, but simply trans figure it, science under its concrete forms enlarges the sphere for religious sentiment. From the very beginning the progress of knowledge has been accompanied by an in creasing capacity for wonder. Among savages, the lowest are the least surprised when shown remarkable products of civilized art, astonishing the traveller by their indifference. And so little of the marvellous do they per ceive in the grandest phenomena of Nature, that any enquiries concerning them they regard as childish trifling. This contrast in mental attitude between the lowest human beings and the higher human beings around us is paralleled by the contrasts among the grades of these higher human beings them selves. It is not the rustic, nor the artisan, nor the trader, who sees something more than a matter of course in the hatching of a chick; but it is the biologist, who,, pushing to the uttermost his analysis of vital phenomena, reaches his greatest perplexity when a speck of protoplasm under the microscope snows him life in its BimpleBt form, and makes him feel that however he formulates its processes the actual play of forces remains unimagin able. Neither in the ordinary tourist nor in the deer-stalker climbing the mountains above him does a Highland glen arouse ideas beyond those of sport or of the picturesque, but it may, and often does, in- the geologist He, observing that the glacier- roonaed rock .hefiits onbas lost by weathering but half an inch of its surface since a time far more remote than the beginnings of human civili zation, and. then trying to conceive the slow denudation which has cut out the whole valley, has thoughts of time and' of power to which they are strangers— thoughts which,'already utterly inadequate to their objects, he feels to be still more futile on noting the contorted beds of gneiss around, which tell him of a time, immeasu rably more remote, when far beneath the earth's surface they were in a half-melted state, and again tell him of. a time, immensely exceeding this in remoteness, when their components were sand and mud _ on the shores of an ancient sea. Nor is it in the Erimitive peoples who suppose that the eavens rested on the mountain tops any more than in the modern inheritors of their cosmogony, who repeat that "the heavens declare the glory of God," that we find the largest conceptions of the universe, or the greatest amount of wonder excited by contemplation of it. Bather, it is in the astronomer, who sees in the son a mass so vast that even into one of his spots our earth might be plunged without touching its edges; aud who by every finer telescope is shown an increased multitude of such suns, many of the.n far larger. Hereafter, as heretofore, higher faculty ai.d deeper insight will raise rather than lower this sentiment. At present the most power ful and most instructed intellect has neither the knowledge nor the capacity required for symbolising in thought the totality of things. Occupied with one or other division of Natnre, the man of science usually does not know enough of the other divisions even ro ruaeiy conceive tne extent ana complexity of their phenomena; and sup posing him to havo adequate knowledge of each, yet he is unable to think of them as a whole. Wider and more complex intellect may hereafter help him to form a vague con sciousness of them in their totality. We may say that just as an undeveloped musical faculty, able only to appreciate a simple melody, cannot grasp the variously entangled passaees and harmonies of a symphony, which in the minds of composer and con ductor are unified into involved musical effects awakening far greater feeling than is possible to the musically uncultured; so by future more evolved intelligences the course of things now apprehensible only in parts may be apprehensible all together, with an accom panying feeling as much beyond that of the present cultured man as his feeling is beyond that of the savage. And this feeling is not likely to be de creased, but increased, by that analysis of knowledge which, while forcing him to Agnosticism, yet continually prompts him to imagine some solution of tne Great Enigma, which be knowB cannot be solved. Espe cially must this be so when he remembers that the very notions, beginning and end, cause and purpose, are relative notions belonging to human thoughts, which are probably inapplicable to the Ultimate Reality transcending human thought; and when, though suspecting that Explanation is a word without meaning when applied to this Ulti mate Reality, he yet feels compelled to think there must be an explanation. But amid the mysteries which become the more mysterious the more they are thought about there will remain the one absolute certainty, that he is ever in presence of an Infinite and Eternal Energy, from which all things proceed. 