A good deal has been said and writton lately about tho necessity of providing against such seasons as tho prosont : a good deal that mil probably bo forgotton whon tho distross is ovor, and naturo onco moro sonds tho bountiful rains nnd tho glorious grass. Tho settlors havo boen freoly blamed for having noglected means that undoubtedly lie at their hands to prevent tho doplorablo results that havo led to losses not ox porionced in Now South Walos for many yoars. As far as wo can seo, howevor, tho roal blame lies in tho poculiar conditions of settlement in tho colony, es pecially in tho pastoral sections. Owing to tho land laws it is of a purely fugitive character, and hos no permanence. Stations and selections are takon ud as speculations, with no idea of making a homo or por mnnent settlement. 'Make as much as you can and thon cloar out by soiling woll,' is tho universal maxim. ?Under such a system it is ridiculous to expect that thoro will bo any continued and intelligent effort to improvo tho runs, that overstocking will bo avoided or valuable grasses and troes tried. Tho quantity of land is so boundless, and naturo whon she is bountiful gives magnificent returns. Whon the sottlor is told I10 can guard against drought by providing wntor for his stock and planting kurrajongs, and other valu able fodder plants, ho makes a montal calculation and generally docidos to accopt the risk of doing as little as ho can to liolp naturo. To conservo wutor properly so that his stock will not reduce themselvos to skolotons by travelling for it, and by planting tho kurrajong moans tho sinking of a certain amount of capital. Ho calculates that if ho does lose so much stock in tho drought year tho loss is no more, porhaps much less, than the oxponso of water conservation and treeplapting, and so he goes on in tho old way. We think he is wrong, decidedly wrong, but thon tho sottlor is 'a very indopondont man, who backs his own commonsonso and oxperienco against tho wholo world of scribblers and scientists, who, if probably put to manage a run, would land in tba Insolvont Court boforo they had well started. Bosidos, lis is novor sure of his position, owing to tho land laws. Further, a largo numbor of tho settlers havo almost worked up to tho last ponny, through having to somewhat socuro thoir position by buying land at boyond its roal value, and cannot really do more. Of lato an additional burton lias been placed upon thom by tho rabbit post and the wrotchod act passed for its extirpation. Still, granting all this, we cannot but think that tho time has come when the old haphazard system must give way and mon muse provide water and cultivato thokur rajong and other approved drought defying plants. Wo may be looked upon as enthusiasts and dreamers, but wo look upon kurrajong cultivation as containing potentialities almosttoo great to be written calmly about. If those treos were planted in settlers or selectors' paddocks they can look at tho brazen sky without fear, so long as they have water. In advortiso monts of solectious and stations for sale tho line, ' planted with Jkurrajongs' would bo the feature. Movements liko this aro generally slighted in tho be ginning, but that is no criterion they are not correct : on tho contrary too often it is the greatest proof. We know this already : that but for tho kurrajongs and scrubs of tho acacia and casuarina family half the country would ero this be deserted. Why should these valuable trees not be oxtonsively propogated, and drought made a bugbear of tho past ? Will any ono answer this question in tho negativo ? If it can only be answored in the affirmative, then what excuse remains ?^Nono. ? ? Parliament met on tho 9th October, 1883, and the Land Bill was introduced on tho Ilth. It has there fore been in session six months, but has not donoone singlo iota of _ work except passing tho Estimates. The Land Bill is still hung up, no real progress hav ing boon made. Tho all important Local Government Bill has not beon touched. The whole of the timo has beon wasted in a sorics of squabbles and scenes, the last of which was tho temporary expulsion of Mr A. G. Taylor, for a vory venial offence. Mr Stuart seems wholly unable to govern tho House and allows it to do as it pleases. What intrigues aro proceeding in the moantimo we know not. It is highly probable that the six months talking has simply boon a ' car pontor's scene' to amuse tho audience whilo 'the machinists are busy in tho back ground. Retrench ment there has beon of a certain kind. Public works of an important character havo beon struck out and municipal endowments lowered, and wator conserva tion oxcisod, but the oxpensivo machino of tho Civil Service has boen , untouched. If Govornmont em ployes have beon dismissed it has beon the laborers who do give some value. Tho result appears to be tho gradual decline of tho Government's popularity. Their champion in East Sydnoy; the bumptious G. II. Roid, received his quietus although the wholo of tho Sydney poss united to rocommend him, and now the storquiliuous M'Elhome has triumphed over their nominee in Gundagai, Mr Want, and tho politically tarnished Mr James Watson has been returnod like a bad shill'g to Parliament. Not that wo anticipate any particular, good from a chango of Government : it will simply mean handing us over from ono Sydnoy ring to another. Whilo thoro is such supineness 011 the part of the public and tho membors of Parliament, no romody can bo hoped for : we must only fold our hands and wait. Tiie following selections wore made at tho Hay Lands Office on Thursday : — Sarah . Prince, 360 acres, county Franklin, parish Idoraway, Section 13, Merunglo run ; Christian Johnston, 140 acres, county Waradgery, parish Boyong, Section 21, Boyong run. G. W. Jones. — Your advertisement looks like a skit on some person. So wo cannot insert until convinced of your bona fides. In our special supplement will be found a notice from the Town Clerk to ratepayers whose present address is hot known, in regard to rates ; and other matter. Tiie municipal valuation notices aro all now deli vered, and in the casq of improved provorty it will bo observed that tho nett annual value only is given. Ratepayers are reminded that the rate of Is in tho £ is taken upon nine-tenths of this amount only, and no appeal will be heard unless a notico of the same be left with the Town Clork not later than Tuesday, tho 29 th inst. Tiie following is tho numbor of electors on the roll in tho undermentioned constituencies in 1883-4 : — Balranald (two membors), 3615 olectors ; Bourke (two members), 5768 ; Forbos (two membors), 3054 ; Murrumbidgee (two members), 5984; Wentworth (one mombor), 3828. Tho Murrumbidgoo will be en titled to^throo membors at tho next eloction. There was a tremondous duststorm on Thursday foronoon which brought business to a total standstill. For hours tho town was enveloped in tlust, the wind blowing strongly from tho north down tho Booligal road. Towards noon tho contre of tho roadway in Lachlan street was clear of all tho blinding sand, and the metal perfectly clean. Tho duststorm continuod all day and night, and business may bo said to have boon almost wholly suspended. Towards ton o'clock at night the wind rose to a hurricane and the dust became stifling. All tho hotels hud to closo and the fow wayfarers were in a sad plight, not being able to seo a yard before thom. Tho lights of Hay woro not visiblo a few yards from the town. About five on Friday morning rain bogan to fall and resulted in 20 points. This was a small quantity, but itsboneficient effect was instantly folt, tho air becoming perceptibly puror and moro life giving. An interesting match against weight took place in Lachlan street, on Wednosday, and though tho essay ist was beaten it was with honor. An argument arising us to tho carrying of weights Mr Podgers bet Mr Jolly, who won tho recent walking match at Jack son's Paddock, that he could not carry two bags of flour from Ferrier's shop to Haines' coach factory without stopping, tho wager being X'10 to £1 . . Mr Jolly carried tho two bags, weighing in all 4061bs, as far as tho middlo of tho Alma stroot roadway when thoy bogan to slip and ho fell backwards with thom. Even 'thon this. Hay Samson sprang up and carriod ouo of tho bags to tho cab that was in waiting to bring them back to tho storo. Jolly doos not at all look liko a man who could accomplish such a foat. Many woro of opinion that if tho bags were properly placed on his shouldors ho could havo porformod his task. A splendid sample of hops grown on tho Darling has been shown in Wentworth. Here is another Rivorino industry. Hops pay in Gippsland 'as much as .t'140 nett por annum to tho aero. Latest from Chiof Inspector Bruce ; A quarterly report to bo filled up by rabbit inspectors, showing the actual number of rabbits on evory acre of .infested land in the colony! Such' preposterous absurdity suggests tho query, Is Mr Bruce mad! I , J Mr Tiiojjas Pearcb oqnducted his first caso in the Police Court on Friday, Mr Pearce (lid very well, considering thi# was his maidon effort, doing his work in a quiot, gontlomanly way. ? ? A somewhat painful caso occupied tlio attontion of the Police Bench, composod of Mossrs Poarco and Lakoman, 011 Wednosday and Thursday. Julia Wilton, noo Goyor, was chargod on Wednosday with vagrancy, but as there was some doubt as to tho cor rectness of tho information, tho caso was dismissed without projudico. On Thursday tho woman was had up again and this time evidonco was gone into. It was made cloar that tho dofondant, who had gono wrong, had cloarod out to Castlomaino, but had aftor wards roturuod homo promising amondmont. Shortly nftorwards, howevor, sho cleared out and went to livo with Mrs Ah How in tho Chinoso Camp. It was sought to got her incarcoratod to prevbut her contam inating hor sistors. Dofondant said if lot off sho would clear out and take a situation. Tho Bench do cidod to givo the woman u chanco, und sho was dis charged, Constable Tiiorncroft, and for that matter tho Bonch, had quito a Tartar to deal with on Friday in a person named Arthur Gray who was chargod with using obscene language. The trouble aroso ovor tho uso of a noted noun. This gontleman is afllictod with a flux of words, and whon I10 was put in tho witness box and givon pormission to speak, I10 did spoak with a vengoanco, nor would I10 allow tho Bench to inter rupt him. '-Excuso mo; Mr Lakoman [or Mr Poarco], you havo givon mo permission to spoak and I will speak,' ho would say. His cross- oxamination of Thorncroft, too, was docidodly rough and original. The languago complainod of was tho use of an ox coodingly common expression, which appears to bo looked upon in Ne» South AValos as tho most oxpros sivo of nouns. Dofondant acknowledged to using this noun, but wanted to mako out its commonnoss had roally mado it somewhat innocent, and ho triod to mako Thorncroft confoss oven ho used it occasionally; Thorncroft was told by tho Bench .not to answer as that had nothing to do with' tho castl Then the do fondant wanted to know if Thorncroft hud not said he would thrash half a dozen liko him. It seomed that whon tho summons was sorvod defendant wantod Thorncroft to adjourn to the back yard to sottlo tho difference in a friondly way, but this was doclined, though it did appear the constablo expressed an opinion I10 was equal, from an athletic point of view, to a good few men liko tho dofondant. Looking at tho two men in the court there was evory justifica tion for this viow, for Thorncroft is a model of manly strength, whilo Gray is liko Cassius, of the loan or throadpapor kind. Of course like many others who run their hoads against tho guardians of tho law Gray hold the view that Thorncroft had a 'sot' on him, which cortainly the evidonco did not prove, as throughout Thorncroft acted in a vory propor manner. Defendant was fined 5s, and thus it waselearly settled that the dirty noun in question is not mado harmless by common usago. At the Stawell Eastor Sports W. Smith, well known in theso districts and who has ran in tho first and second sports hold by our local athletic club won £85, being first in tho Maiden Plate, Easter Gift, and Ladies' Purse. Matters are sorious indeod at Wilcannia whoro flour is 70s to 80s per bag, and potatoes 8d per lb (or L90 per ton). Persons with fixed salaries, such as civil servants, must feel tho pinch severely. At Bourko the Government have raised the salaries 20 per cent, and this is only right. Last week's rainfall extended protty generally, stopping at a point west of Hillston. The, register was; — Nyngan, 80 points; Coonamble, 2 inches ; Walgett, 20 points ; Brewarrima, 10 points; Giril ambone, 51 points ; Warren, 80 points ; Dubbo, 2 inches ; Nymagee, 80 points. The Dubbo Council must bo a stingy lot. They paid their Town Clork and rate collector, Edward. Stinson, only .£100 a year, and thorosult was that he embezzled and was sentencod to throo years in Gaol at tho Circuit Court. The Judge expressed his abhorrence of the Council's meanness, and mado the sentence without hard labor. Quito a number of dogs, some valuable nnd others interesting pets, have recently boen . poisoned, and it evident that a quantity of poisoned' meat has been strewed about the town by some malicious persons. Mr Lavender has lost a very valuable shoep dog. Owing to a peculiar remark made by the Mayor at the last Council meeting the townspeople are under tho impression the Town Clerk has laid down poison in tho Park. . Mr Witcombe said he would advise Mr Haynos not to say whether he had or had not laid down poison. What Mr Witcombe's object can have beon in this it is impossible to understand. On en quiry of the Town Clerk we find that no poisoned meat has been laid down by order of tho Corporation' A clearance of tho howling curs which make nighd hideous would not bo unwelcome but not by a methot which incurs the chanco of destroying valuable ani mals. . It is allogal to lay down poisoned baits within a certain distance of tho town, and the police should endeavour to find out who has beon guilty. The Sydnoy press must now begin to feel how utterly without political influence it is. Tho wholo Sydnoy press clique took up Mr G. H. Reid and. tho result was his defeat and rotiremont from public life. Tho pack wero a bit discouraged, but more re cently they took heart and yelped up Mr Want for Gundagai against Mr Watson. Mr Want cortainly seomed tho most likely man, but the Sydnoy press cliquo evidently killed him for lie was badly de feated ; Mr Watson being returned. Mr James Tyson, the Australian millionaire, is (says a Wellington paper) paying a visit to New Zealand. Sir William Clarke, Sir James Elder, Sir Samuel Wilson, are all Australians noted for their wealth, and justly so, for they are all wool kings indeed. But all these and other land-owners must bow their heads to Mr Tyson. Three years ago the London World ranked him amongst the very wealthiest man in the world. He is more solidly wealthy than several of the so-called wealthiest men,- for he has no liabilities. He is the greatest sheepowner in the world, and his many herds of cattle have a great reputation. It is said he owns 1,000,000 cattle. In addition, he lends more money on mortgage than any man in this hemisphere. It is understood that Mr Tyson is looking out for some properties worthy of his attention, and is inspecting New Zealand, and is now in the Wairarapa. On Monday night next Messrs Dan Barry and Charles McMahon will open at tho Acadcmy of Music, Hay, with a largo and powerful company. The prin cipal comedian in the company is GrattanRiggs an actor who camo to Australia with a very high reputa tion, and who has beon so far most favorably received in tho colonies. Tho piece chosen for the opening night is Tho Irish Dotoctive,' in which Mr Grattan Riggs will ^assume the title role. Mr Riggs is scarcely correctly described when termed an Irish comedian, for nowadays that appellation too often signifies a moro stage buffoon. Mr Riggs is a true artiste, his characters being drawn from roal life with a graphic power, while his natural pictures of Irish character all sons and daughters of tho Groeu Little Isle' in Australia' welcome with enthusiasm, as old friends thoy have seen and talked to in ' The Land o' .the Shamrock.' The piece as already stated to bo produced on Monday night is ' ,Tho Irish Do toctive,' a clever and most attractive drama, specially writton to give Mr Riggs scope to exhibit his wonder ful versatility. In this play he appears in soven distinctly different characters. It is founded on a, startling series of events, which occurred Bomo years ago in Now York. The company supporting Mr Riggs is a good one, including Messrs Dan Burry, Georgo Herbort, W. H. Manning, Charles Searle, Albert Norman, W. Ainsloy, and othor gentlemen, and the Misses Marion Melroso, Dora Mostyn, Meta Day, Nita Steolo, Grace Ronard, Ethel Browne, and others. On Tuesday the Irish romantic drama, Shin Fane,' will bo produced. A box plan is on view at Mossrs Raphaol and Co.'s, where soats may be re served. Many of our ( Deniliquin Chronicle) roaders will re gret to hear of tho 'sudden decoaso of thoir old and esteemed friend Mr Thomas Plows, whoso death occurrod vory suddenly from sanguineous apoplexy in Melbourne on Friday night last. Deceased was well and favourably known in Deniliquin, but moro parti cularly by tho travelling public on tho Hay road, on which line ho for years steered ' Cobb and Co.'s mail coach. Deceased loft hero somo months ago for Molbourno, where I10 latterly followed the occupation of omnibus driver. On Friaay ovoning last, without any previous complaint, ho was soizoa with a fit of vomiting, and during that night expired suddenly. On the following morning an inquest was held on the body, whon the juiy returned a verdict that doceasod died from tho above namod causo. Mr Plows, who was 45 yoars of ago, was a widower, with a fanily ro, siding in Gippsland. We have already replied to 'Ecco Homo.'- that wo cannot publish his commonts on the Browne v Mac pherson case. Todo so would bo to incur a heavy libel action, in which no friend of ours would liko to see us invoivod, as, right or wrong, wo would get the worse of it. Tho Attorney-General or Minister of Justice is tho person to deal with tho matter ro forred to by our corrospondont. Could there bo a greater argumont for light linos of railway into tho interior?— Potatoes are L95 per ton in Wilcannia and only L210s in Melbourne, 500 miles distant 1 : , ! Reberth '3079 for water purposes haa been re ? . -;'1 vokod qn4 the following substituted: — No. 3,188, county of Waradgery, parishes of Willis, Wingon, Gro-Gro, and. Russell, Toogimbie Rlock B Run, aroa about .2,560 acres. Tho crown Lands within th'e following boundaries : Commencing at tho north oast corner of portion No. 3, parish of Willis, Mac phail and Loughlin's 61O acros ; boundod thonco on tho oast by a lino bearing north 4 milos ; thence on tho north by a line boaring woatlmile; thonco on wost by a lino boaring south 4 milos to tho north wost cornor of portion named; and thonco on tho south by tho north boundary of that portion boaring oast 81) chains, to tho point of commoncoment. Juvenile morality in Australia is romarkablo. Tho sons of two farmers at Jung Jung, in Victoria, aged about fifteen, woro loft in a farmhouso with a girl aged fourtoon, and hor brothor aged thirtoon. Tho two lads brought ale and whisky to tho house, and tho throo boys bocame intoxicated, after which tho two older endoavorod to criminally assault tho girl. An early beginning ! The Hungorford correspondent of tho Western Grazier writos : A splittor named Georgo Brown perished from want of wator on Caiwarro station. Tlio unfortunate man wont out on foot from Caiwarro station to look for his horses, and did not roturn. For somo timo it was surmised that ho had gone on to Hungorford, and boing such an old and experienced bushman, it was never su^pocted that he could havo gono astray. Whon flvo or six days had olapsed Mr Cotter, tho suporintendont, ascertained that Brown had not beon at Huugerford, so ho immediately started out with his black tracker to soarch for him: and aftor three days spoilt on his tracks ovor some very hard country, Mr Cotter discovered tho body. The unfortunate man had boen apparently dead for several days. He was lying but a littlo half milo from wator, to which he was evidently making. The following lotter relating to tho drought, sub mitted by tho Chiof Inspector of Stock to the Hon. tlio Minister for Alines, has been handed to us for pub lication : — ?' For your information I havo the honor to inform you that tho country from Meninglo up to Mossgiel is in a most frightful state, sheop dying in thousands, and the runs not one-quarter stocked, aud at prosont not the slightost sign of rain. In three week's time thore will not bo a sheop alive on Men ingle, Yandembah, Moolbong, Boondarah, Mossgiel, Avondalo and Tom's Lake, all in my district. Ttioro are4000 hoad of cattlo on Waljiors, and all willporish in a very suort time. It is certainly a vory sorious matter. Owners have sent all their horses away, just koeping a fow-to work tho station, and thoy have to bo well fed. Impossible to got a lior^o here fit to ride at any price ' The S. M. Herald in a sub-leador on tho drought makes a mistake, which shows it posses as little know ledge of the geography of tho world as of that of Rivorina, It says : ' W entworth is at least as remoto from Sydney as Buda Posth from Lundon, and ovon Dubbo and Wilcannia aro farther removed from each othor than Florence and Glasgow.' In a straight lino Florenco is ovor 12U0 miles from Glasgow, aud London liHJL) from BudaPesth. Wilcannia is about 310 milos frofii Dubbo, and Wentworth about 5U0 miles from Sydney. An individual of extraordinary appearance, and de corated from hoad to foot with flowers, has been par ading the streets of Adelaide and forcing himself into religious meetings, declaring that he is Jesus Cliri-t. He arrived in Adelaide somo timo ago, aud rode into town 011 a donkey, with his hat and clothing and the ass' hoad covered with floral tributes. This eccentric conduct caused somo amusement at the timo, and the extraordinary boing was greetod with cheers and hoots by the assembled crowd. Nothing daunted, however, ho shortly af terward appeared in the police court, and having obtained permission to speak, was beginning a long harangue when the magistrates, hav ing interrupted him, said that the court had no juris diction in the matter. The man declared that during tho last seven yoars he had announced to the world thevoryimportantfactthatheis 'tho Son of God, the Christ of God, created solely by tho Divine Power of God, the Holy Ghost, for the purpuse of accomplishing His divino purposes relating to the personal reign on earth of the Lord Jesus Christ.' The man has a fow converts, and is trying to get as sistance from the clergymen of the various denomi nations to hold a public meeting. He lately pub lished a book in which he attempted to prove his identity, and ho vainly endeavored to found a new sect. Mr. John Charters has made an arrangoment (says the Wilcannia Times ) with Mr Keys for the uso ot his camels to convey tho mails over a portion of tne road betweon hore and Milpa inka, which is too baro ot feed and short ot water for horses t j travel. The Ivanhoo cash-box robbor has been lound. According to tho Wilcannia Times tho Mossgiel police wore communicated with, and Mr Jamioion came up on Tuesday. After a day's investigation in secret, ho left again on Tuesday afternoon, returning again tho same night, disguised. His continuod his ouquiries, and tho result was tho arrest of a young man, known by tho name of Harry Tucker. Mr Jamieson managed to track Tuckor into tho storo, without b-jots, and thoreaftor, with boots on, to a swamp about halt-a-mile from the township, where the cash-box was lound in a bush. On Thursday he called in the assistan.e of Mr Williamson, J.P., and, logethor with Mi* Benne:t, they went over the tracks from the beginning to tho ond, and found that they were agreed in overy particular. So he was ar rested, and taken by coach to Mo.sgiel. Tucker was in tlio employment of Mr W. J . Stewart, building a pise hou e :or him ; and tho entrance to the store was effected by pushing open tho ba 'k door, which had no other fastening than a bag of flour placed against it. Even the key of tho cash-box, which was kept in a separate place, was also abstracted, proving con clusively that the thief was well acquainted with the 'ays ot the ftoreman. It has often been argued that wo sh.uld not be left without police protection; but, uiiiiough wo may be very honest, till we are found out, it speaks very lightly of the regard for our pro tection that is^ entertained by tho heads of the Depart ment. Here is ono of the most important mail lines in tho colony, with mails running either up or down every day, and there is not a police station for 155 miles, between Mossgiel and Wilcannia. 