tacts and Fancies, I A bad second-A Quaker in a duel. A play should bo judged by ita acts. A ghost's garment is a shroud of mystery. The man who lauds his influence rarely gets it back. Silence is the better part of some orator's elo quence. Fashionable intelligence-Long dresses make clean crossing«. Is the doctor orders bark, has not the patient a right to growl ? What kind of sweetmeats did they have in the ark -Preserved pairs. Beware of the cook who can make hash of every thiner except corned beef. A schoolmaster in Ohio advertises that ho wiilkeap a Sunday school twice a week. The boat time to offer your hand to a lady-When she is getting out of an omnibus. If there any perceptible improvement in a cateo pillar when ho turns over a new leaf ? A tailor would make an evenly-balanced politician. He goes in for both men and measures Never say " Uo ! " to a goose ; it ÍB ungrammatical. Say beau t i a gander- belle to the goose. Bow to destiny. One of these days destiny may bo polite enough to return; tho compliment.' There is this difference between money and tannin : Mosey is stringent and tannin is astringent. A conceited min ia like a boot minus the sole. He i* uppermost in his own mind, without under standing. A bad egg is never used as an artiole of diet, but when it strikes a poor actor it afforoB him food for reflection. In a state of mental absenoo a youuar man demanded the hand of a young lady, and only perceived -bis _-v.T V« _;.4- r-.il_i-:\ " Tell your mistress that I have torn the curtain/' : sail a lodger to a femalo domestio. " Very well» sir }h . mistress will put it down as extra rent." " I oan't smoke this cigar muoh longer,", said ., Ohowdor, as he worried with a stub. " Nb," said ono proBont, '* and you can't smoko it much jshôrteç.'' :: ?An unfortunate, man,1 who has failed severálUonoa,¡;*! sayB he wishes somebody wonld start a temperance '. movement that would keep money from* getting "tight." _ yu - ,- -M.': t::^ V . J ,, An American editor, speaking of a contemporary*! sayá he " can't bear a natural fool." The latter re pixes that " unfortunately, his maternal ancestors,,, ., could." ' 'y y.v-". ,y "'.' '/I"-1,"' '"' A traveller, recont'ly describing a tropical shower, ". wrote to a friend in tho following words : Tho "'. 1 I raindrops were extremely large, varying in size from' a shilling to eighteenpence." ; ". >' ? .. -< ; Au attorney 'having died in low.circumstances" * fi pne of his friends observed that ho had left but few>v , effoots. " That ÍB not to be wondered at,'.'said- , another, " for he had but few, oauseB.'V ".Arion and obdurate father was. told the other,, day by an impecunious lover that ho oould not exists without his SaughtcrJ "Probably not,'' replied the cruel parent, " or Borne other girl who has money." ' A French write* remarks : " If a- lady' sayB to ? you, ' I oan never love you,'wait a little longer ; all hope is not lost. : But if he says¿ . No one has more ; ' >inooro wishes for your happiness than I,' tako yourp .v. hat." -'.;'y " . .. .. ..? "I believe that mine will be the fate pf Abel,?? said a devoted wife to her husband one day., " How sci ?" replied the husband. " Because Abel was ; killed .by a club, and your club will kill me, if you ooritinue to't > . go to it every night." : Henry Hunt, the famous demagogue, having been- v brought up to reoeivo sentence upon a conviotk n for holding a seditious moeting, in asking mitigation , of punishment, cbmplainéd of certain persona .whs. , had aooused him of "stirring up the people .by dangerous eloquence." Lord Ellenborough (in 'ti''''"' very mild tono) s" My impartiality ns a judge calls upon me to say, sir, that iri aoousing ydu of that they do,you a great injustice." ",? '. 1 ' ' " A certain gentloman, on his deathbed, called his black man to him. " Well. Cato, I have thought to confer one favour on you,before I die." "Ah, what ,, dat, masBa?" Bays Cato. " Why, I intend to ».ive you tho privilege of being burica in tho fomily vanlt whon you die.*i " Ha ! massa," replied Cato, " me no like dat-ten pound su't Cato much Hotter: Bo side's, when, thedebil comes to look for massa in th© dark, he may mistake and carry off poor Cato.*' ! As Dr. D wight was travelling through New Jersey he chanced to stop at a stage hotel, in ono of its populous townB, for the night. : At a late hour of the ' samé arrived also at the inn Mr. Dennie, who had tho ' misfortune to learn from the landlord that his beds " were all paired'with lodgers, exoept one, ooóúpied bv the celebrated Dr. Dwight. " Show me to his apart- ", ment," exclaimed Dennie ; *' although I am a stranger ; '. to the rev. doctor, perhaps I can bargain with him for ''" my lodgings." The landlord accordingly waited ón Mr. Dennie to the doctor's room, and; there left him, to introduce. himself . ; The ' doctor, ¡ although in his night-gown, oap, and slippers, and just.ready -,.... to resign himself . to,the refreshing,. arms,,. of t . , Somnus, politely . requested . the strange in- ".;.. -trader" to be seatod. The, dób.tpr,'^ 'btruck wH.b +.TJO litorarv . 'rjhvsioarnomv -of^ his com-" panton, unbent his austero, brow, and commenced a na literary conversation.> The names of - Washington, - Franklin, Kittenhpuse, .and a hostvof literary .and o: .distinguished characters, for some time gave a zest t. ''and.interest tothmr ^conversation, until Dr. .Dwight,..'" chanced to mention the'name bf Dennib. " Donnie, the editor of tho Portfolio (says the ,dootor in a !'! rhapsody); is ih j Addison bf the United States-tho father of American Belles Lettres; ?'. But,' sir," con-*" '.*. tinued he, ' ' is it not astonishing that,a man of such a ' , genius, fancy, and feeling, should abandon himself to tho inebriating bowl, and. to baohanalian, revels?'' " Sir," said Dennie, " you are mistakenI have been intimately acquainted with Donnie for several, years', ,. f and I never knew or saw him intoxicated." "Sii\ nays the doctor, "you err; I have my information : ' from a particular friend ; I am confidorit that/1' " I am right, and that you are wrong." Den- ' ' nio now ingeniously changed the conversation to , tho clergy, remarking that Dra. Aboi crombie and Mason wore.: amongst our most, distin-;; gúished divines ; nevertheless he oonside ed Dr.... Dwight, proaident of, Yale l/ollego, tho most Jearnedi' , .theologian-tho first Iqgioiah-and tho greatest poet' that America has ever produced.' ' " 'Bufei' sir,'';': bon--' tinued Donnie, " 1 hero aro traits in his ohnraoter un deserving so groat and wiso a man, of the most de-;. - testable desoriDtion-he is tho greatest bigot and : dogmatist of the age!" "Sir," said the doctor, "you are grossly mistaken; I am intimately ab- ? qnaintod with Dr. Dwight, and I know to the con trary." " Sir," said Deunio, " you are mistaken ; T have it from an intimate acquaintance of his, whom I am confident would not toll me au uutruth." " "No moro slander," says the doctor, " I am Dr. Dwight of whom yon speak!" "And T, too," exclaimed Dennie, "am Mr., Dennie of whom you spoko ! ' Tho astonishment of Dr. Divight maybobettor con ceived than told. ' Suffice it to say they mutually shook handstand Were extremely happy in Mch other's" acquaintance. 