CAULFIELD. MELTWDRXE, Thursday. At Caulfield thia morning H. Conoilv started by sendmi Friendless two strong turns on the grass. Tho game littli Steopieohaier moved in flue style. Iiis trainer has go un in rare "huckle." Veritas was given a mild cantor o: ¡the inner trade Midnight and Queen Bess worked on thc Jnnd. Angler and Orlando cantored and spurted. Uuibn did two turns on tho grass at a lady's cantor. W. Higin botham was tho next to take possession of the grass Eglinton and Tissue cantered and ran a sharp half mile le Grand (with O'Brion up) was givon u light sweat Capri cantered on the sand. W. Gray diapatchocl Gasburnor for a half-mile spin. Gaaalier anti Iron hand were given two strong turns on tho grass, and the former showed to advautago. Tattler and Northern . Light did good strong work on tho grass. Powell treated ' Zeno to four strong turns on the centre track- li. Bobin. .?On.sont Copóla once round tho grass at a lady's canter, The little chestnut brushed off for a mil« spin. Merry 'Penella, joined him at the flvo furlongs post. The latter had a four lengths* advautago at the finish. Batty treated Yate ley to a couple of turna on the grass. Tho borssstrodo Home from the bottom tura on the courso propor. The Cup candidate looks the picture of health. Umberto ran1 a fast half milo. L'eceiver waa giron a good working gallop of about two miles ou the sand. Mozart and Wonna cantered. The former was afterward joined by .Scaramouch. ¥he pair ram a fast mile on the sand. Tba former ran over Ins companion. Struggler was niven strong he xl thy exercise on the sand. Keys treated Bapid toa spin over the Cup distance-O'Briea was.the pilot. The eon of Kapid Bay was rather slow in Rotting on his legs, but BOOB settled down to his work, and finished a (rood strong gallop. The time was not extra good, and did not pleas» tho touts. G. Davis had Dargo and David cantering. Tho pair strode along for 7 furlongs to finish up with. Ditto, with Fer gusson up, was given a (urn over the schooling hurdles. 'He jumped, in ? very slovenly manner. Camerino did good 0»Tviooabio work on tho grass. The Don Giovanni colt was treated to steady exercise nu the sand. T. Jones was the jaext to appear. Coriolanus cantered ami joined Melodiods mfctho 5 furlongs post. Tho Maribyrnong Plato candidate . bad a lons; way tho best of lt. Tho Champion »inner afterward went another strong round alone, allen treated Gilderoy to long slow-pace exercise Êthe saud. Spartan cantered on the grass. Violet 1 First Pop cantered, and wound up with a irfc five furlongs. O'Brien was on tho former, who had best ot it. J. G. Held next appeared with Norfolk and Oraco Darling. The pair cantered once round, and then fcfokeoff for tho Cap distance. Both got well away ; bub she Cup horse soon had his companion in difficulties, and ^finished a good strong gallop in very fair timo. Kurra TBurra and The Ghost ran a strong five furlongs. The son \of Hamlet and Mystery had a longway tho best of tho spin. Xeng treated Canute and Kingfisher to good healthy exer "jdse on the sand. Tipperty Witenott ran hom« ttrom tho half milo post yesterday afternoon, (Capri and Legrand, the former willi a light boy . jinp," and O'Brien on the Champion winner) cantored ;onco round, and then strode along for a milo and a half. Tissue joined them in the last half-mile. Tho former bftat ¡Le Grand by a length, but on sufi*eranco. I fancy that tba itïg horse was hardly ridden out. Don Quixote was given . m good working gallop of about a mile and ¡1 quarter. 