IN THE BUSH. u I am but a snapper up of unconsidered trifl »s"— SnAKsrsAite. Of all the strange peculiari'ies which characterised that period of »he history of Victoria which we old colonists fondly and often regrptlully refer to as " the early days," nothing struck me more forcibly than the almost universal practice of distinguishing our friends and acquaintances, even when we were perfectly familiar with their rightful cognomens, by some nicknaiiie, descrip tive either of their local origin, personal appearance, or prominent-«ccentriciti"s. I have still a vivid remembrance ol Big Dick, Little Charley, Curly Ned Der went- 'Tom, Yankee Sam, Long Ghost. Stumpy, Spring. eel Jack; S'elp me Bob, and a host of other humorous or sarcastic appellations. With many, no doubt, whose antecedents were some- times more than doubtlul, the adoption of an alias was a matter of necessity, but even those whose reputation was spotless had to submir to the same ah surd distinctions. Ah me I of all that restless, energetic crow who, with their wild exuberanc« of spirits, helped to make our adopted country the cyno sure of older continfents,, how few can we now recognise; "VV.Uere is dot barty now ?" Sotneil have met high in the world, " with eye severe and beard of formal cut" ; others' living from hand to mouth, or hopelessly loafing ; some emigrated to " fresh fields and pastures new" ; some settled down as steady o'd fogies and fathers of exien- sive families ; others still roving abroad in independent single blessedness ; some are drowned ; some are in prison ; and I have no doubt a fair proportion have been hanged. But to resume. I have often con sidered that the question was merely an attribute of the disorganisation of civilised society and the semi- barbarous life which then prevailed. Looking far back into the mists of antiquity, the primitive man seems to have distin guished his fellow man by names indi cative of some peculiarity, it might be for his prowess in war or bis profici ency ia some branch of trade. Thus the old Norman barons have come down to us by the powerful names of Strong- bow, Iron-arm, Bulls-head, Lion-heart, &c.; &c.; while their original patronymics have utterly expired Strange that the stout Earl Marshal of King Henry should havo descended to us only as Roger Bigod, from his customary oath, and that the proud families of Bu'ler and Napier should rejoice in family names which preserve their domestic offices as the head servant and linen- keeper of the Court. Our Saxon ances tors indulged in the same fancy ; wit ness their kings Ethelre.d the Unready and Edward the Confessor, popular additions which graphically described their mental characters. Our Norman kings might harass their suhjectB with out restraint, but all their power could not prevent them being spoken of as Rufus, Beauclerc (good scholar), Curthose (short legs), or in the plain Saxon idiom, as Lackland, Longsbanks, and the like. The French monarchy of that period was equally unfortunate, and history presents their kings with such irreverent additions as the short, the bald, the fat, which in a later age developed iuto the grand and magnificent. ->ach common names as Smith, Taylor, Mason, Farmer, r,hd a host of others, merely commemorate the position in life >t their original possessors, though the meaning of many is lost by disuse of their occupations. Bowyer aud Fletcher are oow almost as rare as the arts ou which hey throve, now that bows and arrows are no longer principal weapons of war. Harper no longer charms the ears of lis tening nobles with his minstrelsy ; and Abbot, Monk and Clerk have ceased to indicate any connection swith a monastic establishment. Our ancestors were welt aware of this curious jorigin of most of our English surnames, 'and one old writer thus ridicules the absurd pretensions of some of the nouveaux riches of his time, — " Whence cometh Smyth albe lie fenyghte or squire, . But from .the Smith that sviitcth at the fire." The subject offers a wide field of re search to those whose archse ilogical tastes commeud the labor, and with the assurance that from :he task they will derive both pleasure and profit, I unwill ingly leave the subject. The crisis has arrived. The bolt has fallen. The explosion has erupted. The fire has buret, the blow is atrnok, The deadly deed is done. Dickens's Poit and Slurk encountered in the inn ki'chen and argued with a travell ing-bag and a Aire shovel. Our colonial Pott and Slurk collided on a racecourse. Polt slung iuk and wounded his rival's sensibility, and Slurk remonstrated with a horsewhip. The inveterate enemies appear in court, are bpth severely re primanded by the Bench, and Slurk is mulcted in the nominal penalty of five "bob" and costs, which a sympathising public contribute, with an unrecorded verdict against the plaintiff of " Sarve him right." To which I Bay dit'o. I am a staunch advocate of the liberty of the press, but I entirely disapprove of malicious personalities, and I trust it will be very long before we arrive at that phase of American journalism which panders to depraved taste with a " per sonal" column, and revels in the most in decent abuse of a brother. scribe's. failings or misfortunes. Probably after this little episode, Pott will treat Slurk as "Panch" did stage manager Buun, when that joker ridiculed bis poetry, and the poet retali ated in kind with a smart little pamphlet. " What will you do with Bunn now ?" enquired a friend of Jerrold. ' Do, sir," replied the witty Douglas ; " we shall lei him alone very severely." Theinadequacy of the penalty to prevent Lhe repetition of the tf alalia' ion reminds me of a case which occurred in a certain high and mighty Club-house, on which a wealthy member, for some real or imaginary offence, castigated another member. I', was felt that such an occurrence must not be suffered to become pablic ia the ordinary way of law, so it was decided to consider the case privately and inflict a penalty, which was fixed at £o. On tho decision being announced, the culprit, fingiDgdown two fives, shouted, "Let me have another crack at him," and -prang upon his victim, proving conclu sively that in'his case, at any ratB, he could well afford to pay for the luxury. I notice th t- a portion of the pres9 is r ither severe upon the Sydney people 'or their enthusiastic reception of tho famous American oarsman, and indulge in some wooful jeremiads on what they consider the shameful decadence of manliness in exhibiting such an intense l .'V; of amusement. With nil due re- sp-ct for these doleful anticipations, I con-Mer these manifestations are to be commended, not only as a spontaneous evi lnnoe of welcome to a siranger, but also as proof of au intense appreciation of mu»ca)arity. I have no fear of a natmn which keeps up its repntation for nib etics. The ancient Greeks could set at. defiance the hordes of Asiatics who poured upon them, while they continued their Olympic games, though their toleration of the rongh-nnd-tamble mode of wrestling would hardly meet with the aporoval of cur modern athletes. The Romans kept their iron grip upon the worid until their sports degenerated into wholesale slaughtor ; our old English youth were a terror to foreign fans while i h«y inmedjont on Sundays and holydays to practice archery at the butts or crack each other's craniums with the quarter- staff ; md our fast men aud Bwells of the Georgian era — who relieved iheir ex uberance of animal spirits by hunting and shooting, assaulting ancient watch men, and crowding to the pugilistic con tests of Oribb and Jackson — swarmed from the purlieus of Seven Dials and the Fives Conrt to engage in a more deadly encounter with their staditional enemies at Waterloo. No, no, my worthy prophets', manly sports will never harm a young nation. It is when I see young men shrink from the football or cricket ground, and pass 'heir time holding up lamp-posts or crawling around the billiard table, that I shall begin to indulge in forebodings of the decline and fall of our empire. Stick to yoor colors, my boys, and, in the words of the poet, " Go it while you're young" is the advice of your friend and well- wisher, BILLY NUTTS. 