The Mcsperado ami the Puritan. Anout tho year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonift waH an alleged desperado named Bob I)ob came to Sun Antonio with a fearlul record. lie enjoyed thu reputation of having killed n doi:on or bo .of men, r.nd was respected accordingly. W'liile he wuu in Sun Autonia ho did not re duce tho cunsuii ut all, but that wiui not hia fault. Ho had v seductive way ot drawing lii.'i Arkansas toothpieh und ex amining it eritieully with n Minister smilu whilo humbly muicHting tho tomperary loan of SO. Thus wna it that Cob went about acquiring woalth nnd warm por?onal Mend. b* creating Do f „„„„,,. TheM "?J that Job wan playing bluff, but thatT (iftor ho hail marched away. ' It wan during tho roif-n of U Q |, A?ru?tiiw " tbu loii?-roTifjo roarer of Calavcr fti) Canyon?' as he familiarly onllud hunnclf, that a vonn mun from Bo.slon, named John W'mthZ" ottiii'j to San Antonio, prosunmbly in sca-l' of health, da ho brought very littles with hi lie wa? far fjono in consumption, and nothiM but tl.o fact that he had but a short tin! live, unless the olimato of western Teiw saved him, induced him to romo to Si Antonio." Aβ ovorybody carried a P i,J Wmthrop did not caro to insult public £' oonny by going unarmed. iioMes, ?uch"? ooiuso wight ns seriously interfere with ],;, restoration to honltli a;i putting on t. c\ul ?? His I'uri'.an training caused him to revolt at tho liloft of carrying firearms, so he r Hiiricl to artifice, iro wore is bolster "bnV instead of keeping a pistol in it, ho had ha liii'i!) funds stored nwny in it, and nobod wna tho wiser for it. On the contrary Win' tlirop wn.ii loolceil up to by the best e'itizena jiidt tho Hftuio as if ho was loaded dov-n win, ijcadly weapons). Of couwe, everybody tried ? to mako tho atrunger from 'MussachiMctta fail ?!' coiiiforlublo an if ho w.v, m home ; ..<> wiw told nil about Bob Augustine, the ] O tiuiHoU roarer, ; at lea.st tea limcj a day ?mj hi) wiw mlviwd not to be particular in V'kin'e weurity for tha diibt in enso the roarer waitj to borrow r. small loan, umWlw (Wiuthrort did not wish to liin health. , TJio long-ranged roarer smintered into yt iutlirop'a room .it tho hotel, but boforuhe desperado coulu r ojinn hit mouth or dt?w ? ?Weapon tho uhforiuuUo YurMis threw bict hiaeoni, and with '.rumbling lingers Urn.-cd at liirt pistol holster to get at hi* monov to en pease tho would.bo.-nssa.wiu. On tho other hand, M booh aa tho roarer saw Winthrati trying to 8 0l out /u'h pistol ho lutncl as M i. an a ghost. Tho alleged dospurado'.* k D ? knocked together, tho cold sweat boiled oat ?li over him.-ond ho extended his hand anJ-sai-i tremb\jji?ly: i'? Don't draw, Rood Mi. Yankee. I m : qnly trying to fool you. My bold heartbeat? for you, my boy. I jast wantej 1 to;t?;sh yon a lesson. .Never let any galoot pet the drop on you. If nnybodr in suite you juat toll them that Bob Augusuat tho ronror, in your friend." ' ! Winthiop, who more scared, if m>. lablc, than the ronror, replied : ? "Oh, VU-civo you wha\ i you.want," and Kept 6n tugging at tho hoVater, which csme tinbiickltid. , ;.--,. With a yoll of dismay tho desperado payed out thrdugh the window, carrying 01T the snsh, unci run down Commodoru afreet, the p'rineipal thorou?hfare, with inn sash oii liia urel;, howliriK. "-Police 1 police : " ctedj pursued by Winihrop. who l;opt on r.t hinhiilatcr, trying to vet out Ilia m?:icy, lv Iji.'Hovini; that iho desperado was runnin? to his room Ui procure n shot-gun with which tn commit murdor. All that afternoon Win throj) kept on hunting the ronror, to pur clift.tfl poacQ on any usnns, and tho roarer hid himself to avoid the pistol of thn Hosioc man. Nt\t morning the long-ranged roarei of tho Calaveras ciinyon wr?3 missini;, wd Winthrop was tho lion of the day for having i-un off tho terror ol the Alamo City. 