ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (By THE G hosT.) .The long continued dripping of water ,will, it is alleged, wear the hardest stone. The truth of the statement has perhaps ,never been tested by actual experiment, few persons having either the time or patienet to undertake the task. But if the law that analagous causes produce analagous effects is admitted,'the oft re peated assertion may be allowed to pass unchallenged. For even the hard heads of the -members of the Victorian Assembly lhave'; been' influenced by the continual shower of objurgation poureduponthem by the Press, and work has replaced talk in the principal, legislative chamber of the colony. Despite the obstructive tactics of the "larrikin" and "bore" element, sub stantial progress has been made with the Land Bill: and the results of the divisions that have taken place plainly show that any opposition to its leading principles is futile. Never, perhaps, hiis any political "fad" been so utterly "squelched" as has been Mr. Mirams's pet theory of leasing all Crown lands and turning the farmers into State tenants." F?ourteen members were all that followed the representative of Colling wood (and. his umbrella) as he walked across the floor of the Assembly to let the country know " who were its true" friends I Until Tuesday the Assembly was open to the taunt of not having passed a single measure excepting the Supply Bill-with out which there would have been 'no monthly cheques. The charge can now no longer be made. The Customs Duties Bill, and the Distillation Act Amending Bill, were on Wednesday pushed through their final stages and sent to the Council, and two private bills-the Church of England Bill, and the Tramways Bill-read a second time and sent to select committees. The greatest stride in advance was, however, made in regard to the: Scots Church Bill. Mr. Harper concluded the dreary oration which it has taken him three nights to deliver, and Mr. Gaunson finished his speech on the question. As the debate s can only be brought on on seven more evenings prior to the adjournment of the House in December, the chances of the measure reaching its final stage; even in the Assembly, are extremely remote, and the "Stonewall Presbyterians" can already congratulate themiselves on having achieved a victory.. The Council also has shown a disposition to forward the business of the country. It has disposed of the Mining on Privateo Property Bill, and expressed approval of the principle of amalgamating the two branches of the legal profession, despite the barristers in the Legislature, who are anxious not to allow the " lower limbs" of the law to commit the anomaly of disport ing themselves in wigs. The return ball to the Mayor of Mefol bourne took place on Thursday, and as a matter of course was "brilliantly and fashionably attended." All the elite of Victorian society were present. There were baronets and knights, and no one of lower degree than " esquire" was admitted. In this latter connection it may be po~-, mitted to ask what qualification is neces sary in order to the assumption of theb designation. Looking over the list com mencihg with Adam-as isfitting-and ending with Zox, M.L.A., it will be ob served that it includes publicans, livery stable keepers, broom-makers, saddlers, drapers, soft-goods brokers, auctioneers, and a large nunber of respectable citizens. But' it would certainly' puzzle Burke, Debrett, and the Herald's. College itself, to discover by what right-divine or other--the affix is appended to their names. Of course if it pleases them and hurts nobody,no one has a right toecomplain. But it may just as well be pointed out-quito in a friendly way-that the "esquires" might with a quite equal right dub them selves "lords." It 0las ueen remlarked by an astute statesman that "a political blunder is worse than a crime." Dr. Beaney is likely to realise the truth of the statement. When the Mining on Private Property Bill was under consideration in the Coun cil, the honourable gentleman voted in favonr of allowing the present arrange monts between the landowner and the miner to be in force for fourteen yea's, in stead of terminating after a period of seven. This vote has given dire offence to the electors of the, North Yarra province, and the "Liberal" party have brought out Mr. James Munro, the champion of the teetotalers, to oppose tho'sitting member's return. As the publicans and the sinners -against democracy-will all be arrayed against the Water-drinking apostle, the contest is likely to be a close one. And as with the Doctor "money is no object," he may perhaps succeed, notwithstanding the outcry of his opponents. But the unfor tunate will entail a contested election and an expenditure of some two or three thou sand pounds. The inauguration of the teaching of morals in the State schools of Victoria has not taken place without its little contre temps.. Hackwood's book on moral sub jects is the volume whence teachers of manners and morality are to draw their inspiration, and the author on the fly- leaf of the work expresses the hope that the instructors of our rising generation will illustrate their remarks with illustrations drawn from Biblical and Scriptural history. This recommendation offends the tender susceptibilities of secu larists and Roman .Catholics alike, and Mr. Gillies, the Minister of Edu cation, who is in his way as great an adept at " giving way" -as his chief, has ordered the objectionable advice to be withdrawn. A story, too, of the want of the virtue which the proverb places next to godliness, and in which the Irish peasant is held up as" the shocking example," has also been ordered to be expunged, at the requestof Mr. Hunt, the honourable member for Kilmore, who asserts that unthriftand dirt are not special Irish characteristics, and that the cleanly habits of his countrymen are at least on a par with their loyalty. Althoughitis sometimes mentioned and often hcard about-unlike the lady in th6 song whose name was never mentioned or heard-the small-pox is dying out. No new cases have been reported during the past week, and all the patients in durance vile at the Williamstown sanatorium are convalescent, - and will be released from quarantine in a few days. Up to the present time the origin of the outbreak of the disease in Victoria has not been satis factorily traced, and therefore, in all pro bability will remain for ever an unsolved mystery. Perhaps when our savants have satisfactorily settled the question of the duration of life in the baccilli, and the powers of resistance to heat and cold of the disease germs, we shall find out that small-pox is imported in the numerous packages which under the head of "ap parel and slops" are brought across the seas from England. The discovery would indeed be a severeblow to freetraders, and the very apothesis of protection. While the "Parvenu" is being acted in one of our metropolitan theatres, the apropos of an adven ture which befel a diner-out last week will be apparent. Driving up in a hansom to the abode of his host, lie knocked at the door, which was duly opened by a foot man in the "family livery." Not quite certain whether his Amphytrion resided in the mansion into which he had been <ushered, he enquired of one of the liveried servants " if Mr. Black lived there ?" The man looked puzzled for a moment, and then asked one of his fellows, who was equally unable to reply. "The fact is," said he, "I'm only hired for the 'day, and Mr. --- ' the caterer, who furnished the dinner, merely told me the number of the house without giving me the name of the gentleman who lives here." September 6. 