OXLEY. fFBOJI OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. Monday. The even tenor of our ways Ins been, broken by the announcement that the Right Rev. Dr Moorhouae, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, wonld bold service at St. Paul's Church. Milawa, on" Thurs- day, the 8th inst., at 8 p.m. The dwellers in the regions round about Milawa,- of-various conntries-and creeds, flocked to the church on this occasion, and filled it to its utmost capacity. It is a pity that this zealous soldier of the chnrch militant has not been gifted with a greater power than Sir Boyle Roche's bird, of being in mmy places at tho same time. In his extensive diocese brief vis it lean only be paid to those isolated churches that mcBt require to be stirred up to true conception of that unity and brotherhood which onght to exist between the various denominations that profess Jesus Christ, the incarnate Son of the Almighty Father, their head and master. There were fully 400 persons present, who were edified by the spirit-stirring sermon of this liberal, zealous and well- beloved soldier of the church militant. The necessity for a militant church is proved by the circumstances of the era in which we live. Science is lifting the veil of the l6is, and many who have but a smattering of science, dazzled by the light diffused, laugh at revealed religion. Soldiers, then, of the chnrches of Christ cannot afford to sleep at their posts. If they do so, the enemy will surprise their fortresses, and make captives ef the Blugeards. The Bishop took for his text the 33rd verse of the 2nd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles—" Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, He hath Bhed forth this, which ye now see and hear." The learned Bishop, in a powerful and im pressive sermon, photographed upon our consciousness the scene ef the descent of the' Holy Ghost upon the apostles, en- i abling them to speak in divers tongues ; so that people from the most remote por tions of the great Boman Empire were astonished at being addressed in their own langnage. Many persons p-esent came great distances to hear the dis course. The Bishop announced that the collection would he appropriated towards liquidating the debt upon the chnrch, and the collection amounted to the " enormous " sum of £5, from 400 persons. "Were such a number to assemble to hear a ohristy minstrel troape8ome£50 woald have been realised. Bnt professing Christians entering gratis to hear one of the greatest orators who at the present day adorns the Church of Christ are satisfied to average 3d a-piece. Let thoBe who call themselves Christians take this to heart, and let their light and liberality Bhine before men in the support of the churches to which they profess to belong. The Right Rev. Dr Moorhouse was driven into Wangaratta by the Chnrch of England minister, Mr Mahaffy, on Friday morning, so aB to catch the noon train, which was to carry him to other fields of nselalnesB. At noon on Friday the long-desired .rain came down steadily for an hour. On Saturday morning (the 10th) rain com menced to fall, and, with but little inter mission, fell daring that day steadily, but gently. Sanday was cloudy, but no rain fell. On Monday morning, at 8 a.m., ' rain again commenced to fall, and still continues to fall, at 9 a.m., to the great "delight of farmers, graziers ahd others. 