James Griffith The death of James Griffith, the heroic engine-driver who met his death in the dis- charge of his duty in the Oxley railway acci- dent Iast Friday, is the saddest event that the papers have had to chronicle for a long time. Nevertheless, it is brightened by the heroism with which he met his awful mangling. He never attempted to budge from his duty, al- though he saw that a collision was inevitable and that almost certain death was upon him. He stuck calmly to his post, and, when his mutilated body was in its expiring agonies, the last words that passed his lips were, " I have done my duty!" The heroism of martyrdom crowns his fate, and while Queensland mourns his loss, it honours his memory.: Now steam is up; the hissing engine darts Iike a swift meteor o'er its well-worn track; , Does any traveller who therein starts Now pause to think he never may come back? Now flies the train, and all is gay and blythe, No timid hesitation makes them falter ; Yet in the path, the Reaper, with his scythe, Stands waiting for a victim for his altar. But hark ! a sound that thrills the strongest nerve, A dreaded rumble coming down the line, . Another train is dashing round the curve, The Reaper's scythe's e'en now incarnadine. Some dolt official somewhere else has blundered, Some small mistake's been made in keeping check; The mighty monsters at each other thundered— No power on earth can save the trains from wreck. James Griffith sees inevitable death, Nor quails one instant at the Reaper ghost, He gives the signals and, with bated breath, Exhorts his mate to stick right to his post. " Down with the brakes; reverse the engine; quick !" But Fate defies weak mortals to subdue her, Then, turning to the fireman, Jim said,'' Dick, Whatever comes,stick to her, mate; stick to her!" A fearful crash! a bound and live rebound; The train a shapeless, wreck of battered splinters; The dying driver mangled on the ground; A tale of horror for that evening's printers ! As spreads upon his eyes the dying glaze, And he looks farewell glances on Earth's beauty, He merely said in simple, honest phrase, " Good bye, my friends; thank God, I've done my duty!" A hero's soul in agony here burst, "Whom no war veterans have e'er surpasse; He never wavered from the trying first, He never faltered at the awful last. Honor the man who ne'er betrays his trust, A feat trnnscending all heroic duty, With rev'rent love, do honor to his dust. The martyred man who " only did his duty." Such incidents as these high thoughts arouse. Nor should our gratitude be spent in air; Good Queenslanders ! let then his widow'd spouse And orphaned children be the public care. 