THE EFFECT OF FRENCH CONVICT COLONIZATION. THAT was a very pretty story which came from Sydney the other day concerning the operations of a certain Frenchwoman in that city. This person, it would appear from her own statements to the police, had been commissioned to procure a number of young women to be sent to New Caledonia for immoral purposes. The mode she adopted for carrying on her abominable business was to advertise in the newspapers for girls willing to proceed to the French convict settlement, where they might ob- tain good situations as barmaids. Fortu- nately the true nature of her mission was discovered by the police, and active steps are being taken by the Government in the matter. No doubt the nefarious traffic will be suppressed so far as this woman is con- cerned; but how are we to know that she is the only agent who has been engaged in it, and that others are not similarly em- ployed, not only in Sydney, but possibly much nearer home ? There are we may be sure other means of entrapping victims besides openly advertising with enticing offers for engagement overseas; and it is by no means improbable that young Australian females have been, and are still being, de- coyed to Noumea by others besides Madame Louise Murdoch. Whether or not, it is clear that there is a market for the poor young creatures, who may yield to the se- ductions of the tempter, in the French penal colony in our neighborhood. This is a matter for very serious consideration, and lends additional and very forcible argument to the objections urged by the Australians against the further deportation of French convicts to tho adjacent Pacific Islands. A little while ago there seemed to be some reason to hope that France would not carry out this project, but recent intelligence shows that she is determined to proceed with it, a large sum of money having been voted by the Parliament for the purpose. The English Government has treated the matter with much coolness and indifference, just doing enough to enable them to say that it had not been absolutely neglected. But one of these days, just tho same as their apathy and dilatoriness have involved them in immense difficulties in Egypt, which might have been avoided by taking a prompt and decisive course, they will be met by embarrassments. In these seas which they should have exerted themselves to avert. An injury is being done to their Australian possessions, which it is to be feared will not be remedied in the course of many genera- tions to come. The establishment of a penal colony in New Caledonia was an evil of great magnitude so far as these colonies aro concerned, one of the outcomes of which has been the opening up of the trade in which Madame Louise Murdoch has been engaged. But the occupation of other islands within a few days' sail of our consists by criminals of the worst type will add incalculably to the maleficent influences already at work in close contiguity to our eastern shores. Now then more than ever does it become necessary that the colonists from one end to the other of the settled portions of Australia should raise their voices in indignant protest against the proposed proceedings of the French Government. A SUPPLEMENT is published with this morn- ing's issue. CABLEGRAMS.—His Majesty King Humbert, of Italy, while travelling by railway on Sunday, narrowly escaped being blown up by dynamite. An explosion took place about 12 miles from Civita Vecchia, but no damage was done. Tokar is being hard pressed by the Arabs, who now completely surround the town. General Gordon has arrived at Khartoum. THE SANDHURST PUBLIC BUILDINGS.—The hon. R. Burrowes, M. L. A., waited upon Acting-Commissioner of Public Works yester- day (writes our Melbourne correspondent), with the view of ascertaining when it was proposed to invite tenders for the erection of the new Public Buildings at Sandhurst. In reply the hon. member was informed that the plans and specifications were now nearly ready, and that tenders would be called for very shortly. EIGHT HOURS' DEMONSTRATION.—A meeting of the committee of tho Eight Hours' Demon- stration was held at the European Hotel last night. Mr. Morgan was elected to represent the engine-drivers', and Mr. Pearsall to repre- sent the tinsmiths. A letter was received from the Tinsmiths' Society, thanking the committee for their sympathy and offer of support in the event of a strike. A letter was received from the City Council granting the use of the Show Grounds on the usual terms. It was decided that the secretary engage the grounds for the demonstration on the 21st of April. It was also resolved that the committee accept the prizes of £15 offered by Mr. Carolin, with thanks. It was proposed by Mr. Beebe and seconded by Mr. Banks, that there be no publicans' booths on the ground. An amend- ment, moved by Mr. Fulton, that there be a publican's booth on the ground was carried. It was proposed by Mr. Beebe, and carried, that a committee of three be appointed to draw up a programme of sports, to be submitted to the next general meeting of the committee. The following were elected:— Messrs. Donnelly Morgan, and Moriarty. It was decided to write to the secretary of the Trades' Hall com- mittee for information as to the carrying out of the art union, and applying for the use of spare banners for the procession. The meeting then adjourned till next Tuesday. THE CASTLEMAINE ASSIZES.—The Assize Court (our correspondent informs us) resumed business yesterday morning. The charge of manslaughter against the youth Wm. Nash occupied the whole of the day, and the ultimate outcome was the acquittal of the accused. In this case his Honor addressed a witness named Ryan, landlord of the Bridge Hotel, in severe terms, and informed him that his place was one which the police should watch. Witness had supplied the deceased man Weyman with drink when he (Ryan) was aware of the man's intoxicated state at the time. The prisoner Henry Graham, found guilty on the previous day of common assault, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. The court then adjourned, his Honor proceeding to Sandhurst to attend the assizes there. THE OLD POWDER MAGAZINE.—Amongst the allotments of ground submitted for public com- petition at the Government land sale, which was held yesterday, was the site of the old powder magazine at Quarry Hill, together with the im- provements thereon. The valuation put on it £700, was too high, and as there was no offer the lot was passed in. CHARGES AGAINST MR. ELSDON.—Our Mel- bourne correspondent writes :— Some rather serious charges have been preferred by Mr. Robert M. Gale, an officer connected with the Water Supply department, against Mr. James Elsdon, inspector of waterworks at Castle- maine. These charges were brought in a some- what vague shape as early as the beginning of the month, and on being requested to formulate them in writing, Mr. Gale complied by sending in a list of the alleged misdoings of Mr. Elsdon as follows That Mr. Elsdon allowed sluicers and mining companies to use double the quantity of water they paid for, that he neglected to supervise the channel-keepers and maintenance men; that he refused to co-operate with the complainant in adopting the system of gauging the water, recommended by the Minister; and that he was incompetent and unfit for his position. Mr. Deakin has suspended Mr. Elsdon, and appointed a board, consisting of Mr. A. Black, assistant Surveyor-General, Mr. M. Davidson, engineer of Yan Yean water supply, and Mr. C. W. Langtree, Acting-Secre- tary for Mines, to inquire into the charges in question. The board will hold its first sitting on Thursday at Castlemaine. AN IMPUDENT THIEF.—Yesterday afternoon Mr. Parker, boot and shoe importer, was en- gaged in his shop in Pall Mall, when he observed a respectably dressed woman pick up and walk off with a pair of boots, valued at 7s 6d, which were displayed near the door. He immediately followed and handed her over to the custody of Constable McKenna. When taken to the lock- up she gave the name of Mary Ann Kett. She will be brought before the City Court this morn- ing. JOHNSON'S REEF COMPANY.— "Anxious Share- holder " writes as follows:— "As a shareholder in the Johnson's Reef Company, I have been waiting anxiously for the half-yearly report to appear in your columns. The announcement of the meeting to take place last Friday week was duly advertised in your columns, but no report of the meeting has since appeared. Can you inform me if the meeting was held, and, if so, the reason why we have had no statement up to the present time ? " [The advertised place of meeting was Melbourne, and no report has yet appeared.] MUSEUM OF THE SCHOOL OF MINES.—Mr. Richard Bond, who has lately returned from New Caledonia, has presented to the Sandhurst public museum a small but fine collection of minerals, and mineral products from the French possession. They consist of the ores of nickel, manganese, cobalt, and copper, and the metals resulting from the treatment of those in the furnace. There are also specimens of chrome iron, and sulphate and carbonate of lime. New Caledonia is rich in many ores, and minerals not common throughout the continent of Australia, and efforts are being made by the director to obtain further contributions from an island so interesting to the geologist and mineralo- gist. OPENING OF THE BRIDGEWATER WEIR.— "One of the laborers'' writes:—"In your re- port of the celebration of the finishing of the Bridgewater Weir, there is no mention made of the treat given to the men on the works by the contractor. I have been requested by my fellow employes to tender our thanks to Mr. Pallet for the treat. We wish also to give our thanks to the foreman of works, Mr. J. Darling, for his uniform courtesy to all under him." EAGLEHAWK POLICE COURT.—Messrs. Knee- bone and Monat, Js.P., presided at this court yesterday. Two men named Patrick McMahon and J. Brown, were charged with removing timber from Crown lands without a license. A fine of 5s and 2s 6d costs, was inflicted on each defendant. The court then adjourned. Y. M. C. A.—Last evening a new departure in the scheme for providing evening entertainment for the youth of the town, was initiated at the association rooms in High-street, when the Literary and Debating Society held its first sitting. There was only some eight members in attendance, but it is expected that when the matter becomes better known there will be a much larger number ready to join the class. There were three essays prepared and read at the meeting, and each were received with apparent interest, and gave rise to some discussion. The respective subjects were " The evils of intemperance," " On the Bible," and " Intoxicating drinks as a medicine." The meetings are announced to be held each Tuesday night, and it has been arranged that the even- ings will be devoted to music, impromptu speaking, and lectures, recitations, etc., alter- nately. CITY COURT.— Messrs. Jackson and Gibson attended at this court yesterday. James Potter and William Douglas, charged with being drunk and disorderly, were discharged with a caution. Margaret Curry was charged with the same offence, also with having assaulted Constable Meade while being taken to the lockup on the first charge. The evidence of the constable who arrested the woman was to the effect that she fought violently, biting his hands and tearing his clothes. The woman, it was stated, only came out of gaol on Friday last. For being drunk and disorderly Curry was fined 10s., in default fourteen days' im- prisonment; and on the more serious charge a fine of £5, in default ono month's imprisonment. An elderly man named John Hickey, residing at Splitter's Creek, was fined £3, with £2 costs, for working a horse when in an unfit state. A brace of debt cases were struck out as settled. UNITED METHODIST CHURCH.—The anniver- sary services of the United Methodist Sabbath school, Ironbark, were celebrated on Sunday last, when appropriate sermons were preached to large congregations, the building being filled to its utmost capacity on each occasion. Mr. R. Rowe, Mr. J. Gray, and the Rev. R. S. Alford were the preachers. The children sang and recited at the services with much credit to their teachers. Miss Bissett ably presided at the organ. The church was tastefully deco- rated with leaves, flowers, and mottoes. The usual tea will be held this evening, after which there will be an entertainment, when addresses, singing, recitations, and dialogues will be given by the scholars. SALE AT LORIDAN'S FLOUR MILLS.— Mr. Thompson Moore sold by public auction yester- day the whole of the milling machinery on the above premises. The plant and implements were disposed of in lots for the convenience of pur- chasers. In most instances fair prices were realised. Fourteen days have been allowed for purchasers to remove their lots, on the expir- ation of which period we understand the neces- sary repairs will be made preparatory to the building being utilized by the Salvation Army. Among other alterations to be made will be the pulling down of about 30 feet of the brick chimney which stood on the old flour mills. FALL DOWN THE STAIRS.— A young woman named Kilkenny, a domestic servant at the European Hotel, High-street, met with an accident yes- terday evening. She was going down the stairs of the hotel, when her foot slipped and she fell heavily on her hands. She sustained a fracture of the principal bone of the wrist of the right hand. She was brought to Dr. Atkinson, who set the broken bone. DR. ANNA POTTS.—The ladies of Sandhurst will doubtless be pleased to learn that this lady, whose lectures in Melbourne have attracted such large audiences, will visit Sandhurst next week, opening at the Royal Princess Theatre on Monday evening. Mrs. Potts is a doctor of medicine of the Female Medical College of Pennylvania, U. S. A., and is accompanied on her tour by another lady doctor, and two male medicos. Besides having the reputation of being clever in her profession, Mrs. Potts' lectures are regarded as intellectual treats, as she has a fluent and graceful style of speaking, and her lectures are relieved of any heaviness by frequent flashes of wit and humor. Her first lecture will be held on Monday evening, and will be free and open to both sexes. After- wards lectures will be given each afternoon for ladies only, and in the evening for both sexes. THE SUDDEN DEATH AT THE HOSPITAL.— The death of the old man John Flynn, 63 years of age, who was found dead in one of the out offices of the Bendigo Hospital on Monday, was duly reported to the coroner by Sergeant Fahey. Yesterday afternoon the coroner, with Constable O'Connell, attended for the purpose of holding an inquest, but Mr Strickland on consulting Dr. Colquhoun, the resident surgeon, discovered that deceased had been a long sufferer from heart disease, and had been off and on an inmate of the institution for the last seven years. He was discharged about 12 months ago, but applied for employment, and was ap- pointed night yards-man at that time. He has since been under semi- treatment by the medical staff, and was considered liable to die suddenly at any moment from heart disease, which was the cause of death. Mr. Strickland declined to hold the inquest, and instructed the doctor to issue the ordinary certificate for the interment of the body. THE LANDS DEPARTMENT AND CROWN LAND SALES.—Mr. Tucker's action in selling Crown lands in moderate sized allotments, (says the Age) so as to be within the reach of all classes of buyers, seems to have proved unpalatable to at least one of the many speculating land syndi- cates now existing. Formerly it was the rule to lay off the suburban Crown lands in compara- tively large blocks adjoining each other, the result being that a few buyers mopped up all the land offered, and then subdivided it into very small frontages, obtaining enormous profits as well as creating numbers of what are known as "private streets," which generally become public nuisances. The Minister of Lands now sells in frontages of from 33 feet to 66 feet to proclaimed Government roads or streets, with good depths and wide rights of way, and by selling alternative lots not only prevents the private street nuisance but obtains a far greater competition and much better prices. The result is that the Public Treasury gets the benefit in stead of the land syndicates. OUTBREAK OF SCAB IN NEW SOUTH WALES. —A telegram from Sydney in yesterday's Age says :—A very alarming outbreak of sheep scab has occurred on Errowangbang station, owned by Mr. H. G. Lomax, near Carcoar. About two months ago 205 sheep arrived from America, and after undergoing detention in quarantine the animals were sent to the station before mentioned. At the station the sheep in ques- tion were isolated from other stock. About a week ago Mr. Lomax noticed a suspicious ap- pearance about the sheep, and gave information to Mr. Willans, veterinary surgeon to the Government, who made an inspection, and formed the opinion that the animals were suffer- ing from sheep scab. Steps were at once taken to arrest the disease, and the station was placed in quarantine. Mr. Bruce, chief inspector of stock, has also visited the flock, and confirms the opinion of Mr. Willans. No symptom of disease has yet manifested itself amongst the other sheep on the station. The fact that the 205 sheep have from the first been isolated, and the precautions that have been taken, lead to the hope that no further outbreak will take place. THE PIERRE POINT MURDER.—A World tele- gram from Hamilton on Tuesday says:— The photograph of the man who was murdered at Pierre Point last week has besn identified by a Mr. Keen as that of a farm laborer, named Michael Murphy, who had been working for some time at Napier station. Steps are being taken to test the truth of this statement. It is also stated that proof can be produced, showing that deceased and McSweeney were old mates many months ago, although the latter states they were strangers until the 9th inst. There are many suspicious stories going about, but the police have not as yet sufficiently completed their chain of evidence to warrant them in mak- ing any arrest, although the suspected parties are under surveillance. A very credible witness who lives in the vicinity, can testify to having seen a man loafing about with a gun on the Tuesday evening preceding the murder. This gentleman asserts his ability to describe the man, as well as the hat and clothes he was wearing at the time. Again, it is stated that a man was seen hurrying away from the same direction with a gun in his possession on Wednesday evening. If the descriptions coin- cide, the circumstance is certainly suspicious. McSweeney was yesterday remanded for eight days, on a charge of vagrancy preferred against him at his own request. INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL ABSCONDERS.— Yester- day morning three boys named respectively Henry Foster, 15 years of age, Thomas Kerr, 13 years of age, and Stephen Kirby, of the same age, escaped from the Industrial School. No intimation of the fact was sent to the police However, at nine o'clock last night Mounted Constable McGuire, of Strathieldsaye, who was riding along the Axedale road near the Perse- verance Hotel, came across the three lads, who were trudging along the road, all being bare headed. McGuire was in search of a lad named Rossman, who is wanted for sheep-stealing and he accosted the boys. McGuire sang out " Well boys, where are you going?" whereupon the trio attempted to escape into the bush. McGuire further hailed them, but the escapees continued to run. McGuire cried out " Stop, or I'll shoot you," but this had not the desired effect, and the constable then discharged his revolver over their heads. The lads immedi- ately stopped, and were taken into custody. At a later hour McGuire brought them into Sandhurst, and handed the errants over to the asylum authorities. The elder boy Foster who has been in the school for a period of two years appears to be incorrigible, as the present is the third occasion on which he has escaped from the institution. A BRIGHTON GHOST STORY.—Our Melbourne correspondent writes:— The society which has been started in England to investigate the phe nomena of ghosts, will hear with interest that an unearthly kind of being has of late been affrighting those whose evening walks are taken by the sad sea waves at Brighton. The per- son to whom the strange thing last appeared was a cabman, who successfully exorcised it with his whip, and the impression he formed was that the ghost was not a genuine one. The police who are very unsu- pertitious, and appear inclined to spoil what otherwise would be a really good ghost story have summoned someone whom they suspect has been taking the part of a being of the other world. THE INWARD MAIL.—The R.M.S. Sutlej was signalled inward at 7.45 p.m. yesterday, and was expected to reach the Heads at about 2 a.m. DEATH OF MR. T. COYLE.—On Monday afternoon Mr. Thomas Coyle, a well-known veterinary surgeon, died at his residence from inflammation of the lungs. The deceased gentleman, who was only 34 years of age, had been ailing for some time, so that his death was not altogether unexpected. He leaves a wife and five children to mourn their loss. The funeral takes place this afternoon, when the remains will be interred in the Eaglehawk Cemetery. ELECTION OF AUDITOR.—An extraordinary vacancy having taken place in the auditorship of the Eaglehawk Borough, by the resignation of Mr. Edwin Richards, an election will take place ou the 7th March. Nominations close on 26th inst. THE WEATHER.—The heat during yesterday was considerable, but last evening a light south easterly wind was blowing, which slightly tempered the air. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co's., Pall Mall, yester- day as follows:—9 a.m., 78°; 12 a.m., 93°; 3 p.m., 100°; 6 p.m., 89°; maximum, 102°; minimum, 67°. Barometor—9 a.m., 29 300; 6 p.m., 29.260. A SWIMMING MATCH.—Yesterday afternoon particular interest was taken in a swimming match, one of the brokers trying conclusions against a son of another in a 175 yards race at the Baths. The rivals were Mr. E Trier and young Dick Stewart. Both men had sup- porters innumerable, and after an interesting race Trier won with ease. MR. MCELHONE, M. L. A., BEFORE THE COURT. —Mr. McElhone, M.L.A., was prosecuted at the Water Police Court, Sydney, yesterday (says a World telegram) for using abusive language to Mr. Wm. Chas. Brown. The case was dismissed after a long hearing. ATTEMPT TO ASSASINATE A CLERGYMAN. A World telegram from Sydney yesterday says:— The Rev. Mr. Sturdee, curate of St. Andrew's Cathedral, was to-day stabbed at the entrance to the cathedral by a man named Patrick Boylen. The wounded man now lies at the Deanery in a dangerous state. He is being attended by Dr. Bestie, who considers that his patient's condition is critical. FIRE A WODONGA.—A telegram from Sydney in yesterday's World records that an extensive fire had broke out at Wodonga West on the property of Mr. H. Richardson. The flames spread rapidly, and over 1,000 acres of feed were destroyed. A large quantity of fencing was also burnt, and the selections of Messrs. Dybalt and Sons were much damaged. THE REV. M. RIORDAN.—TheSmythesdale correspondent of the " Ballarat Star " says :— "The Rev. Mr. Riordan, ex-Catholic priest, has been conducting religious services in the Linton and Carngham Presbyterian churches, of which he is an ordained minister, for the last three Sundays, morning and afternoon, with much acceptance. The reverend gentleman is said to be an eloquent speaker, and a sound practical and evangelical minister of the Gospel of Christ, and his administrations appear to have given unqualified satisfaction." A meeting of members of the Sandhurst, Mal- don and Baringhup Coursing Club will be held at the Beehive on Wednesday next. The monthly journal of the Young Men's Chris- tian Association is to hand, and contains a great variety of information of interest to those for whose benefit it circulates. We are requested by Mr. Wenborn, bookseller, to call attention to his advertisement, announcing that he is appointed sole agent for Sumner and Co., Melbourne, and is open to supply standard works, bibles, albums, etc., on time-payment terms. He opened £500 worth yesterday, amongst which are some of the best works of the day. This is good opportunity to those desirous of collect ing a valuable library. He also announces that canvassers are required for both town and country. 