TUA PIRATE'S LEGEND. ? v. Once, when I was a pirate I" The speaker was an elderly gentleman in correct evening dress, the room a tasteful one, the company of infinite respectability, the locality at once fashionable and exclusive, the occasion an unexceptionable dinner. To this should be added that the speaker was also the host. With these conditions self-evident, all that good breeding could do was to 10 cover the statement with a vague smile that might pass for good-humoured incredulity or courteous acceptation of a simple fool. Indeed, I think we all rather tried to convey the impression that our host, when he was a pirate he ever really was one was all that flolf respecting pirate should be, and never violated the canons of good society. This idea was, to some extent, crystallised by the youngest Miss Jones in the exclama- tion, "Oh, how nice" . "It was, of course, many years ago, when I was quite a lad.", i We all murmured, " Certainly,'' as if piracy was a natural expression of the exuberance of youth, . "thought, perhaps, to explain the circumstances that led me into this way of life." Here Lograudo, n courteous attaches of the Patagonian legation, ; interposed in French and an excess of politeness, "that it was not of a necessity, a statement to which his English neighbour hurriedly responded, " Uni out." in . . < " 'J bore gets a bike," he continued, in a well-bred, rapid whisr.or,i".from Captain Cauot-a Frenchman most interesting he was-oh, a fine man of oduoalion-aud, what you call a 'reservoir,'," but here lion was quietly nudged into respectful silence ' - "i " , , ?, " " I ran away from home," continued our host, " though my father always treated me well. I shared equally with' my brothers the privileges and limitations of our New England home. Wovorthokss I ran away from home and went to sea-" i To see what I" asked legrand. .' AVer sur mer," said his neighbour, hastily. "Go on with your piracy I" said Miss Jones.' The distinguished foreigners looked at each other and then at Miss Jones. Each made a mental note of the average cold-blooded ferocity of the young American female. " I shipped on board a Liverpool liner," continued our host, and I do sorted the ship at Liverpool, in consequence of my ill treatment by the second motors man selected for his position by reason of his superior physical strength and recognised brutality. I have been since told that he graduated from the State prison. On the second day out I saw him strike a man boiibuIcss with a bold) ing win, for some trifling breach of discipline, saw him repeatedly boat and kick sick men. I wandered on the quay for a day or two, until I was picked up by a Portuguese sailor, who, interesting himself in my story, offered to procure me a passage to Fayal and Lisbon, where, he assured me, I could find more comfortable and profitable means of returning to my g well land. Lot me say here, that this man, although I know him afterwards as the most unscrupulous and heartless of pirates in fact, the typical buccaneer of the books was to me always kind, considerate, and, at times, even tender. He was a capital seaman "I shipped with him on a brig, ostensibly bound to St. Kitts, and a market. We had scarcely left port before I discovered the true character of the vessel, I will not terrify you with UBoloes details. Enough that all that tradition and romance had given you of the pirate's life was ours. Happily, through the kindness of my Portuguese friend, I was kept from being an active participant in scenes of which I was an unwilling witness. Put I must always bear my testimony to one fact. Our discipline, our esprit de corps, if I may be term it, was perfect. No benevolent society, no moral organisation, was over so personally boU saoriGcing, so honestly loyal to our virtuous purpose, as we are to our one voice. The individual was always merged in the EurpoBC When our captain blow out the rains of our quartermaster one day, for simply interrupting him in a conversation with our second officer, the act, although harsh and perhaps unnecessarily final, was, 1 think endorsed by the crew. James, pass the champagne to Mr. Lightbody. He paused a moment for the usual casual interruption, but even the active Logrando was silent. " What I am trying to tell you is this One night, in the Carribean show, we ran into one of the Leeward Islands, that had been in olden time a rendezvous for our ship. We were piloted to our anchorage outside by my Portuguese friend, who knew the locality thoroughly, and on whose dexterity and skill who placed the greatest reliance. If anything more had been necessary to fix this circumstance in my mind, it would have been the fact that two or three days before he had assured me that I should presently have the means of honourable discharge from the pirate's crew, and return to my native land. A launch was sent from the ship to coming treated with our friends on the island, who supplied us with stores, provisions, and general information. The launch was manned by eight men, and officered by the first mate-a grim, Puritanical, practical New Englander, if I may use such a term to describe a pirate, of great Courage, experience, and physical strength. My Portuguese friend, acting as pilot, . prevailed upon them to allow me to accompany a party as coxswain. I was naturally anxious, you can readily compare Jiond, to see-" "Certainly," "Of course," "Why shouldn't you ?" went round the table Two trustworthy men were sent ashore with instructions. We, meanwhile, lay off the low, palm-fringed beach, our crow lying on their oars, or giving way just enough to keep the boat's head to the breakers. The mate and myself sat in the stern sheets, looking shoreward for the signal. The night was intensely black. Perhaps for this reason never before had I seen the phosphorescence of a tropical sea so strongly marked. From the great open beyond, luminous crests and plumes of pale are lifted themselves, ghost-like, at our bows, sank, swept by us with long, shimmering, undulating tails, broke in the beach in silvery crescent, or shattered their brightness on the black rocks of the promontory. The whole vast sea shone and twinkled like another firmament against which the figures of our men, sitting with their faces toward us, were outlined darkly. The grim JSet features of our first mate, silting be side me, were faintly illuminated. There was no sound but the whisper of passing waves against our up-stream, and the low, murmuring conversation of the men. I had my face toward the shore. As I looked over the glimmering expanse, I suddenly heard the whispered name of our first-rate. As suddenly, by the phosphorescent light that surrounded it, I saw the long trailing hair and gleaming shoulders of a woman floating beside us. Legrando, you are positively drinking nothing I Lightbody, you are shirking the Burgundy-you used to like it I" He paused, but no one spoke "I not me see where was it Oh, was I Well, I saw the woman, and when turned to call the attention of the first note to this fact, I knew instantly, by some strange instinct, that he had seen And heard her too. So, from that moment to the conclusion of our little drama, we were silent but enforced spectators. " Sho swain gracefully silently I I remember noticing through that odd, half- hours, phosphorescent light which broke over her shoulders as she rose and fell with each quick stroke of her apron didly rounded arms, that she was a mature, perfectly formed woman. 1 I remember, also that when she reached the boat, and, supporting herself with one small hand on the gunwale, she softly called the mate in a whisper by his Christian name, I had a boyish idea that she _ was the or-er-femólo of ; his species his or-natural wife I am storing you-am I not ?" Two or three heads shook violently and [ negatively. The youngest, and, I regret to say, the oldest, Miss Jones uttered together, sympathetically, "Go on please do I" The woman told him in a few rapid words that he had been betrayed, that the two men sent ashore were now in the hands of the authorities that a force was being organised to capture the vessel that instant flight was necessary, and that the betrayer and traitor was my friend, the Portuguese Fernando. " The mate raised the dripping, little brown hand to his lips, and whispered some undistinguishable words in her ear. I remember seeing her return a look of ineffable love and happiness upon his grim, Bot face, and then she was gone. She stove as a duck dives, and I saw her shapely head, after a moment's suspense, reappear ' a cable's length away towards the shore. ,. ' i. { . "I ventured to ransom oyster the mate's face ; it was cold and impassive. I turned my face! towards the crew ; they were conversing in whispers with each other, with their faces towards us, yet apparently utterly oblivious of the scene that had just taken place in the stern. There was a moment of silence, and then the mate's voice came out quite impas lively, but distinctly " ' Fernandez I' i " ' Aye, aye, sir I' " ' Como aft and bring your car with you. , " He did so, Stumbling over the men,' who, engaged, in their whispered yarns,' didn't seem to notice him " See if you can find soundings here.' " Fernandez loaned over the stern and dropped his car to its shaft in the place EhorcBcont water. But he touched no bottom ; the current brought the car at right angles presently to the surface " ' Send it down, man, said the mate, imperatively ; ' down, down. Reach over there. What are you afraid of 1 So, steady there I'll hold you.' Fernandez leaned over the stern and sent the car and half of his bare, brown arm into the water, in an instant the mate caught him with one tremendous potential grip at his elbows, and forced him and his oar bond downward in the waters The act was so sudden, yet be carefully premeditated, that no outcry escaped the doomed man. Even the launch scarcely dipped her stern to the act. In that awful moment I heard a light laugh from one of the men in response to a wanton yarn from his comrade " A few bubbles arose to the surface, Fernandez seemed unreasonably passive, until I saw that when the mate had gripped his elbows with his goods he had been) firmly looked the traitor's knees with his own. In a few minutes seemed to me, then, a century the mate's grasp so loved ; the body of Fernandez, a mere limp, leadon mass, slipped noiselessly and heavily in the bob. There was no splash. The ocean took it calmly and quietly to his depths. The mate turned to the men, without deigning to cast a glance on me. " a Oars 1' The men raised their oars a pock. " . Let fall I' " ' Let fall V of " There was a splash in the water, on circling the boat in concentric lines of molten silver, I " 'Give way I " ' Well, of course, that's all ! We got away in time, I know I bored you aw- fully ! Eli? Oh, you want to know what became of the woman really, I don't know I find myself on, I got away at Havanna I Eli ? Certainly ; James, you'll find some smelling salts in my bureau. Gentlemen, I fear we have kept the ladies too long." But they had already risen, and wore slowly filing out of the room. Only one liugortd-the youngest Miss Jones. " That was a capital story," she said, pausing beside our host, with a special significance in her usual audacity. "Do you know you absolutely sent cold chills down my spine a moment ago. , Rosely, now, you ought to write for the magazines !" Our host looked up at the pretty, audacious face. Then he said, sotto voce Idols 