church missionary society. The Eighty-fifth Anniversary of the Church Missionary Society was cele brated on Monday and Tuesday. On Monday evening St. Bride's Church was thronged as usual. The Arch bishop of Canterbury was present in his robes, attended by his chaplain, the Rev. Montague Fowlei, and they, with the preacher, the Bishop of La hore, occupied seats within the com munion rails. The cboir-seats were allotted to the Committee of the So ciety. The service was read by the Rev. E. E. Wigram, Hon. Clerical Secretary, and the lessons by another secretary, the Rev. R. Lang. The re sponses, chants, and hymns were as impressive as of old, owing to the volume of sound from such a multitude of hearty worshippers. 1 he Bishop of Lahore had chosen for his text Rom. xv. 16, " That I should be the Minis ter of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the Gospel of God, that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable, being sanctified by the Holy Ghost " — upon which he preach ed a sermon which was listened to with profound interest, although it lasted one hour and seven minutes. During the concluding hymn a collection was made, which was duly taken up to the Communion rails, received by the Archbishop, and laid on the Commu nion table. The Archbishop then, turning round and facing the congre gation, offered up a prayer in a loud and clear voice, and pronounced the Benediction. On Tuesday morning at 8.30 a.m. a large number of the clerical members of the Society breakfasted at Exeter Hall, when a valuable address was given by the Rev. Canon Brooke, Rector of Bath. The Eighty-fifth annual Meeting was held on Tuesday morning at eleven, in Exeter Hall, which was fill ed a considerable time before the hour for commencing the proceedings. The interval was filled up with a per formance on the organ. The entrance of the President . (the Earl of Chi chester) , and the various other speak ers was the signal for loud and repeat ed cheering. The President took the chair, and among those present were the Archbishop of York, the Bishops of Rochester, Liverpool, Lahore, and Antigua ; Bishops Perry, Beckles, Ryan, and Hellmuth. The meeting was opened with the reading of the 12 chapter of St. John, and with prayer by the Rev. C. C. Fenn, after which the Hon. Secretary (Rev. F. E. Wigram) said that letters had been received from Bishop Caldwell the Rev. Canon Carus, Sir Robert Mont gomery, the Rev. W. H. Tucker, of the Society of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and the Bishop of Saskatchewan. Abstract of the Annual Report : — The Committee have to report the year's receipts as follows : — Ordinary — Associations £144,435 11 11 Benefactions 11,897 18 10 Legacies 32,780 11 9 Sundries 11,228 5 9 £200,372 8 3 Extension Fund 4,015 0 11 Special Funds : Contributions, Interest, &c.; 26,783 2 2 Extraordinary Receipts : Sales of Property, &c.; 1,278 0 10 £232,448 12 2 The receipts on account of Special Funds include 10,000/. towards the cost of removing the Children's Home ; 772/. for Children's Home Leaving Scholarship ; 746/. additional for the Egypt Fund ; 716/, for the stipend of the English Bishop for Japan ; 1,000/. from an African member of the Sierra Leone Church to be invested for the benefit of that Church ; the Interest on the Jones Fund &c.; The exten sion Fund receipts include 1,500/. from three friends to provide an ad ditional man for the Bheel Mission. The ordinary expenditure of the year has been 208,056/. 2s. 5d., thus exceeding the receipts by 7,683/. 14s. 2d. There has also been expended 3,947/. 5s. 3d on account of the Ex tension Fund, and 13,907/. 5s. 6d. on account of various Special Funds. The excess of ordinary Expenditure has been met from the Contingency Fund. This Fund now stands at 18,830/. There is a balance in the Extension Fund of 17,560/. ; but this is all pledged for the support of work chargeable to that Fund. The nett result of the year is that the Society's resources for its general work are re duced by 5,900/., the difference be tween the excess just mentioned and certain exceptional receipts. This deficiency is not, the Committee re joice to say, due to a falling off in the General Income. The total Ordinary Receipts are within 30/. the same as last year. It is true that the Legacies stand very high ; but on the other hand the Benefactions stand very low ; and these two sources of income to gether are little above the average of the preceding five years. The Asso ciation stands higher than ever before ; but after adjusting certain items for more exact comparison, they may be taken as having sent up almost pre cisely the same, amount as last year, which, it will be recollected, was an advance of 5,000/. on the preceding year. Remembering the warnings which have been given to the Commit tee as to the probable result of agri cultural distress and the dulness of trade, they feel bound to express thankfulness for the testimony af forded by this side of the account to the earnest efforts of the Society's friends. But the Expenditure ad vances. Including that of the Exten sion Fund, which must in process of time fall on the General Fund, the total now is more than 18,000/. higher than it was two years ago. The great er part of the increase is in the Persia, Punjab, China, Japan, North-West America, and North Pacific Missions. Africa which is sometimes supposed to be drawing so heavily on the So- ceity's resources draws considerably less than it did five or six years ago. But is the increased expenditure a matter for regret ? Is it in part the measure of the blessing vouchsafed to- the Society's older work, and in part the measure of the newer work which, the Providence of God has called on. the Society to undertake by means of the Extension Fund. But it is by no means the measure of that development of the existing Missions which the-- Committee have authorized and ex pected. Indeed, high as it appears,, it is considerably less than had been estimated, owing to the supply of men not having been sufficient to fill up all vacancies. Everything, therefore,, points to a further large increase,, which can only be avoided by a policy of severe restriction, if not of retrench- ment. In the face of the wonderful- ly improved financial position attained since 1880, the Committee feel that it would be unthankful and unbelieving to raise the note of alarm j but they do see that a steady average rise ioi the income of at least 5,000/. every year is the very least which must be, provided if the Missions are to be per mitted even a modest natural growth. 