OUR SAILORS.—No. II. [By our Special Reporter. ] DESERTION. Desertion is the soul o£crimping, the Lit?, noire of shipowners, and the luxury of seamen. It might be just as reasonably expccted that the hungry-^isaged little fly would daintily trip around the edges of a well- filled cream basin without tasting its tempting contents, or that the flippant moth should wing its course outside of the danger area of the fascinating fatal flame, as that proverbial J ack, on long articles and low wages, should on calling at a high-wages colonial port not try desertion's sweets and bitters. Though de- Eertion furnishes a maximum oi _bitte»~ and a minimum ot fevrcete- •" passion f^r it st^tflg still the roctlo L-itnen • ' much lor forecastle> hpw.nature to withstand; at £ until its; relations with the cabin '^ave bean more harmonisusly established. U1 course Jack does not consider the inconvenience, loss, or risk his sudden departure may entail any more than the fly debates the woful waste of fly-life and good cream following its suicidal plunge therein, or the moth discusses the- interruption of the light, the death, and perhaps unceremonious burial in a dustheap consequent on its embracing the flame. Neither does Jack strictly attend to the morality of the transaction. Perhaps he considers that expediency is as much entitled to rule in a sailor's bunkhouse as in Parliament, where, for instance, the by-nomeans flattering spectacle might be presented of a House breaking faith with the_ world, and deserting a jubilee project it had contracted to carry out. Before hurling boulders of censure at the head of this misguided tar, consider the extenuanCZ breach of a contract signed under the pressure 01* ^SvCT^ or ^at- not, and which can only binding to his au. Yet it must be concluded that the act is a gross breach of faith, and the more unpardonable because it proceeds from merely mercenary motives; and so serious has it been considered that until of late it has often lodged Jack in gaol, while now it entitles him to a forfeiture of wages. Undoubtedly, desertion is but a means to an end, for there is nothing in the act to make it an attractive object. Certainly here and there we find a raw, daring youth deserting in order to gratify some foolhardy notion. He may svrim an unusual distance and be picked up exhausted ; go through dangerous water and be more frightened by mistaldng a porpoise for a shark than Hamlet was by seeing his father a ghost; or he may alone undertake some perilous trip in a cockleshell boat or aft and find himself, while blown to sea, nxiously looking for any sail. Great ,pleasure is of sport spiced with danger, one substantial dose of his strong seasoning lasts the verdant young alt for a lifetime. But every day desertion s prosaic. It is simply walking ashore— ometimes by day, but mostly at nightaking nothing but what the man now tands upright in, or all the contents i the chest, and then either tramping nto the country, begging or working or _ food and shelter as he goes, or iding in some crimp's unpretentious premises ntil the ship has sailed. Hard fare, sore eet, and dependence on charity .'•'on the one and, and confinement, debt, and drink, on he other, rob the performance of any poetry, nd Jack is left with a miserable pittance f bare, stern facts. He does not esert for the pleasure of desertion. nly when desertion is rendered unprofitble, and Jack is made sensible of the fact, ill the pernicious practice become a thing f the past.' A sailor has as good a material s most for being made shrewd and practical. e can appreciate a financial argument put n his own blunt fashion as well as an average ratepayer, and business-like find pleasure in profit, and joy in a bargain. But he requires to be educated as to which side his real interest is, as against the seducive tales of lying crimps, to whose business desertion is as essential as sand to an adulterating grocer. That the ba∈ of cream could be fatal is nothing to the voluptuous fly while ignorant of it. This self- evident, but somewhat neglected, phase of the question was a few months ago brought out by Mr. H. W. Thompson in a letter to the Register, wherein, having proved that desertion did not pay in the long run, he advocated that steps should be taken by the seamen's friends to arouse their attention to the important fact. Instances have been furnished the public of the folly of desertion, financially con- Moereri. It has become no uncommon circumstance for nearly the whole of a crew to dryert almost immediately after the ship has arrived at Port Adelaide, leaving wages—£10 and_ £20 each—behind ; and recently a complaint has been made that apprentices in comtcrtable ships, under considerate captains, have been allured ashore by the chance of doing well in the colony, forfeiting hardearned savings and effects, andblightirg good prospects as to the profession. Respecting the former, unquestionably it is the work of the ubiquitous, indefatigable, aud great unknown—the cringing, creeping, contemptible crimp. Just a word in passing as to this much-talked- of, oft-legislated against, factor of desertion. You could as easily iinagiue the. vested interests of Port Adelaide not voting against au outer harbour as a desertion unaided by a crimp. This prominent personage is the nuisance of every pert, the plague of every deep-sea ship, the treacherc us friend of all who list to him, and withal to Justice the man with the iron mask. Though he give the Porta bad name, risk the ship's safety, betray his employers, Mistress Justice cannot discover his identity. Tbe etern shrewd lady is wideawake enough to see his rascally movements, but his identity she hardly ever proves. CRIMPING. "Can crimping be done away with?" I afked av admitted authority at the Port on that and kindred subjects. His reply rather surprist-d me—"Sir, it will never be done away with while the captains j>atronise it ! They are really responsible for it. They receive without the slightest complaint a deserter when the ship is ready for sea, although they complain bitterly when tiiey lose men in port of others who receive them." This teemed to me a new revelation respecting practically the responsibility for desertion. But ho added—"More than this, captains oftc-utimes make it worth the while of crimps to decoy ohe rr.ee away. Take tho case of the . The master was boundif lie sold the vessel to provide tho men a passage home. As he seemed likely to do so, wh it did be do?" I did not knoiv, but supposed he resorted to his wits, like the pa^abled unjust steward. " Why, he offered a crimp tT» a head for every m?;n he caused to desert. Of course several men left un.ler the inspiraticn of th*ir friend—the crimp in another character. There was one amusing piece in the affair. A man deserted on his own account. The crimp could not rermit the unorthodox procedure involving a loss of £7. He sent nis factotum to walk the offender back to the ship as. a deserter, and appearing on the scene himself, decoyed the would-be deserter away in a safe fashion. Poetical retribution sometimes, obtains in real life. Here it did. The ship was cot sold, the master lost his men, the crimp lost his commission, and the crew found better employment." I asked—" Don't you think that the appointment of the Seamen's Runner has answered the purpose of reducing desertion and crimping '!' His emphatic answer, which, by-theway, I have had corroborated in another reliable directicn, was "Certainly not. He could not get on without them." Another to whom I spoke on this point was equally strong, saying, " The more difficultv the runner has to get men the better it should pay him." But I remarked that the runner was licensed by the Marine Board as the only agent allowed between captain and crew, and was bound to fixed fees, and the reply was, " But what is there to prevent a runner making his own arrangements with the captain ? I don't say that it is done here, but in my opinion the system isa decided mistake which give one man a] monopoly of the business Liccnse as many suitable applicants as apply and competition will introduce a corrective that the Marine Board remedy has so far failed to find." 1 spoke to the Secretary of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Union on the subject. His Union does not embrace the deep-sea tailor, and they will not knowingly elect a deserter as a member. He believed that in course of tune Seamen's Unions at home as would combine with the Australian Unions so as to equalize wages and thus reduce the temptation to desert. He did not think there was much crimping going on in the Port, but the _ provision as to a seamen's runner did * not tend to abolish it. The only way at present to check desertion was to abolish "permits." The object of the permits to ship was to meet the cases of seamen who had lost or mislaid their discharges, but at home this object wa.s attained by issuing copies of the discharges, which are registered in the shipping olFce. In Sydney permits are issued for 3d. each, and in Victoria for 5s., but the Victorian authorities will not give a permit to ship on the coast. The Bystem of " permits" actually encouraged desertion, and introduced incompetent men into the forccastle. Take an illustration as to the latter point. A few years ago a tailor emigrated here at public expense, but beins of drunken habits found hiniEelf after a while unable to get work. He made a declaration and got a permit to ship as A.B. At sea he proved utterly useless, and at thefirstport was discharged. He got another vessel, and could be only employed there in mending the officers' clothes, bat when he left he got a '•very good" discharge. So much for the value of ukchargrs. Imagine a hand like that entrusted with the wheel in running before a mouutainous sea round the Horn. The ship would in all probability be posted as missing through his sheer incompetency. I interviewed the Seamen's Missionary on thejsubject of crimping. He said—"There 10 a little crimping going on, but not so much as theie used to be. The men are overpersuaded about wagc£. The best method for checking desertion is one which several captains have approved of, namely, to ship men for the voyage only. Men ship in England for a round voyage, never intending to rnakq ft. 11 the crew were paid oif on arrival they would behave much better on the because they wcr.id then a - ''',j r > charge. Now they are ^^ ' O .od disbccause thev »»""•- ... .<.-ny indifferent, on - • destrt and ship again 1 permit costing live shillings. This' system would not involve a great difference in the wages lifct, as it would rather increase the supply of men available to be shinped. The advance -notc3 should be abolished. AS a matter of fact advance-notes have been abolished in form, but they exist in reality. Promissory notes are issued, payable on the men being placed aboard ths ship. I have citcd these representative opinions as indicating the trend of outside feeling as to desertion and crimping. But bevond the financial aspcct another equally important arises on this breach of contracts. A great deal of legislation has been directed towards minimizing the loss of life at sea. One cause of the waste of human life there is under-manning, and that has been by Mr. George Lidgett, Chairman of the General Sliipowners Society at home, attributed less to the greed of the owners than to the practice of the sailors of not keeping their engagements, and so compelling the shin either to sail shorthanded, or with infeuor hands picked up at the last moment. The 5f 8e u°J r the . Temple Bar at Port Broughton furnishes tho most recent instance in point Vi. the inconvenience to which a ma&cer; may be put through the desertion of his crew, Captain FelSins lost tea msa while at anchorage, and it can be easily supposed that an unexpected departure of 60 many hands might prove serious to the safety of a ship at a roadstead in the event of baa weather coming on and the anchors parting. Here the desertion was attributed to persons on board some coasting craft, and, though the law provides a remedy, the probability is that, as usual, the ship has sailed without its being availed of, because of the difficulties and delays attending a legal proof of the offence. Anyhow, the captain had to come to Port Adelaide, ship another crew, and take them back to the vessel at Port Broughton. It is the frequency of trouble like this that tends to impair the good feeling that captains should bear towards Jack. There is a form of desertion upon which I have said little, because it is outside the ordinary character. Occasionally a crew commit an. act of desertion pro formd In order to bring under the notice of a Court some grievance. Sometimes a ere* will resort to other .means than desertion tc get clear of a ship. Unscrupulous " sea lawyers" will sow seeds of discontent ail aiongthe forepart of the ship, and start false charges to make the captain glad to try another set of hands. But these malcontents are the black sheep. I note that the number of seamen shipped and discharged at Port Adelaide during 1SS2 was 3,880, and in ] 883 4,370; while thenumber of dcEerters were 516 and 569 for the respective periods. Turning to tbe nationality of the deserters, in 1883, the British sailors contributed 340, the Swedish 81, the Norwegian 60, tbe Russian 33, the German 23, and 11 other nations the rest, including 2 Chinese. Taking the grades for the same year, the deserters included 5 mates, 8 stewards, 12 cooks, 10 carpenters, G sailmakers, G boatswains, 430 A.B.'s, 75 ordinary seamen, 16 apprentices, and a solitary purser. 