:Some -Old People. ;NPw an$ thea we raii across a column of items in oar exchanges which, if true, serve to show what remarkable things are done by ^d people. We have never before touched touch on the humors of " second dotage," but as every one else is ventilating the subject, JPitcJb has seen fit to send his private chaplain oat in search of such information as will Betye to enlighten his readers, and put him jfeieast pf the age on this particular subject, ^be chapjain's note-book gives to us the following interesting particulars :—Waldo Oldbock, of Damaricoita, will be one hundred and .twenty-four years old in April. He doesn't, claim to have been personally acquainted with Washington. Ammidon Lusk, of Brattleboro, Vermont, is ninety-eight years of age. He has smoked and chewed since he Jftfteen; but he has never touched French pastry. Lannigan Bootwell, of Sheboyan, aged one hundred and two, recently eloped with his coachman's- great-grandmocher, Priscilla B^um, a gushing specimen of femininity who had seen ninety-four summers. In Oldbam, Mass., there is an individual named Silas Mejgplum, who has just completed his ninetyfierenth year. The other day a pin that he swallowed at the age of two came out of the «alf of his leg. Basil Simpson, of Redfield, Me.,"has been on crutches ever since he was ope hundred and one years of age. He is now one hundred and seven, and has never eaten an olive. The other day he was crossing a field when a bull started after him. Basil dropped his crutches and ran at such a pace that he reached the fence and cleared it in safety. Joel Rugg, of Grinder, Pa., is eightytline years old. He chops all his wood, mends iu6 shoes, and makes all his own clothes. Iiast summer he shingled and painted his bouse, and did all the gardening and other work .about the place. He belongs to the local fire- engine company, and frequently rises at two o'clock in the morning, and runs tp & firewith the boys. He has been known on Jthese occasions to carry barrels of water up the ladder for the firemen to empty on the flames. Jethers Smith is the oldest man in ID .Greenfield. Mo. He is also the . most active. Last Thursday he completed his one hupdred and tenth year. A number of people congregated to do him honor, and after a repast, at which he demonstrated great vitality by eating and drinking more than anyone else 10 ihe xoom, he suceeded in out-dancing the whole party. Then he offered any. man fifty dollars who could succeed in standing up before hiip for three- minute rounds, with soft gloves,'Marquis of (lueensbury rules. The ambitious young man who made the attempt was artistically knocked out in precisely ten seconds ; and it was refreshing to see the old j»an to tabe back the half century from the Stake holder, and tuck it away in his vest. Barbauld Syca^iour, of Deerfield, Maine, recently celebrated the ninety-fourth anniversary of his birth, by splitting two cords of wood, and building a stone wall. In the afternoon the dog went mad and got under Ae barn, where,hepre?n|i^cl,io t spite of the rake that was thrust under^to feteh him oaut. Being afraid that the dog might get at large and do damage if left by himself, old Barbauld crawled under the barn on all fours^ and after a desperate struggle brought the beast ont alive. The old man was unmarked, but the dog lay down on the road and surrendered the ghost half an hour later. Samantha Bishop, of Sogadahoc is one hundred and four years of age. She is' making a " crazy qailt," to contain something like 20,000 pieces of silk. She intends to present it to her grandmother, who is now one hundred and thirty, on the occasion of her ancient relative's marriage, next month, to a man of twenty-seven.— Puck. 