#«ferie& fffefcjji A tf AGIO FLOWER. A wondrous bloom to-day I found! Dowered with such mystic power. In vain yom'd.segrch the vide world round For scch another flower. For when its fragrant breath X smelt 1 imea tide was backward borne ; In manhood's afternoon I felt Again in youth's swiet mom. Fay more, inch geomuiHc worth As otherwhere is found on earth Bat in ea Eastern tale. For when upon its petals white M j eyes had dwelt a while, I stood, transported swift as light, On a far northern Me. Once more, a wayward boy, I strayed Abont a f&rcbhonse; gray, That, theathed in lilver poplars' shade, Shot through with sunbeams, lay. It was the lovely month of June, Soft nlcw tne morning hree», t. nd mingled with the throstle's tnae j tie bun of drowsj bees. Cams waited tromthe poplars tall 1 be blackbird's leisure note ; I heard the unseen cmfcoo's call, Ko ntar, jet so remote. ill earth had found its summer voice, The flowers, no less than birds, Seemed in the morning tu rejoice, With nods that, stood for words. Bat sad the morning was to me ; I gazed in tears around ; It was the last that I should sea Upon my father's ground. With busting heart I bade firewall To every favorite spot, (Ah ice. uiongh pant the flowers spell, Tne bitterness is not ! Though manhood hath its sorrows deep. The heart to wring and tarn, Like sad-faced ghostB chat will not sleep Scute days of youth return ) I lingered in the fallow field, Iclonib the windy hill— The gorse did sneb sweet fragrance yield I breathe its odor ttifl 1 Bat slower grew my footsteps then ; litre sadly did I move To where, within the woodland glen. Waited my boyhood's love. Woven in her hair a hawthorn spray. Pare as her loving heart. With all its snowy blossoms lay, Arianged with girlish art 1 he tears were in her hat el eyes. And on her sun-browned cheek ; She told in panianate sobs and sighs The grief she could n»t spaak. We parted where oft had played. Beneath the chesnut tree — Ah, never more my little maid On ftaith these eyes shall tea Dear faithful little maid ! the grass O'er thy true heart d -to wave ; A little maiden thou didst pass To life beyond the grave. And in my hand this wizwJ fi iwer Doth all the past repeat ! Sad. as dove's call at twilight hoar, Sad, and yet sadly sweet. As this white spray through many a year Biings back thy trustful face. Thy voice, that still I sa&m; to hear, Thy beauty and thy grica. So, if my lyre can reach to thee. Amid the angel throng, My boyhood's love, receive from me This tender spray of song. E. B. tOUGHttAN. 