THE WILLUNGA RAILWAY BILL REJECTED. Adjourned debate on second reading. 1 he Hon. G. C. HAWKER said that when he was Commissioner of Public Works several enutations waited on him to reauest that mrveys oe made tor a railway to wmunga. Surveys were made, and the country was very carefully examined. It was found that the cost of the line would be very great, and the proposal was abandoned. The Mouse was now asked to pass a Bill for a railway, the cost of which would be £327,567 la. Id. The length was only 24| miles, and the cost was £50,000 more than the cost of the Phillips Ponds Railway, the length of which was about 111 miles. On hearing the speeches made by the Chief Secretary and Mr. Atkin son on this Bill one would imagine that the district of Wiliunga was a terrestrial paradi£e.| He did not wish to decry the dis trict, but he bad been through it, and he had ceen there large tracts of land that appeared to be worn out, and were not cnltivated at all. The Chief Secretary had said that this line was urgently required ; but a very large portion of the district was already within a very reasonable distance from Blackwood Station on the Nairne Railway. He could not understand the term 'line of develop ment' being applied to any line within thirty miles of Adelaide. As to the revenue to be brought in by this line, although the figures which had been given might be called Government figures, estimates of the kbd had proved very fallacious in the past. The line did not cross the main road until it reached the Horseshoe, and the traffic from there would continue to go on the road, especially as producers obtained a certain amount of profit for carrying their own pro duce. The Cbief Secretary had pointed out the great value of the land along the line, but beyond Willunga the country was mott miserable, producing next to nothing, and affording pasture for only a few sheep. (The Chief Secretary— 'What about Yankalilla?') Close to the edge of the coast there were patches of excellent land, but the produce therefrom would not justify the large expenditure on the railway. The Chief Secretary had stated that the landowners wculd hand the land over for a small con sideration. The value of the land required was £14,460. Had the Chief Secretary any authority to state that the owners would gi\ e the land for nothing or a small amount ? The Commissioner of Public Works had recently said that the Government coald nrt deal with the Mount Gambier to Narracoorte line, pending negotiations with owners as to the sale of the land required. Had the Chief Secretary adopted a similar course here! This Railway Bill was the ewe lamb of the Chief Secretary. (Laughter.) The Chief Secretary had stated hat a ereat advantage of the line waa that many manuiactones would be established, but Mr. Grainger had pertinently pointed out that they would be established as near as possible to a port, so as to reduce the coat of the carriage. It had been Btated that the Select Committee on the railway thought it would give a great impetus to the slate trade. That was correct; but they further thought industries such as fruit- preserving and lime-burning would be encouraged, pro vided there was a cheaper and more ex peditious mode of carrying produce. It wis utterly impossible for a Select Committee to have pitched npjn any two more unfortunate lines, for they were in utter stagnation. (Hear, heari) Fruit producers had a ?lut stock upon hand now, so that they were obliged to stop their works, the supply being greater than the demand. A rail way to Willunga would not benefit those industries. At the most they would only amount to a consideration of a few hundred pounds. Lime-burning waa established not far from Gawler, and to the best of bis recollection it came to an untimely end. It was only the other day the Barossa Flax Company were going to wind up, be cause they could not go on at a profit. The same remark applied to many other indus tries. The fifth paragraph of the Select Com mittee's report stated that Ports Noarlunga and Willunga were eligible watering-places. They were not ports of shipment ; they were open ports exposed to westerly gales, which drove vessels ashore. The Nairne Railway had already been taken advantage of by citi zens who wanted to get cool weather at night. He differed from the principle of making a railway simply to eligible watering-placea. It would be far better to pay the difference of cartage in respect to the slates than to build the railway. (Hear, hear.) He waa glad to hear that the slates were of good quality, be cause the Victorian Government had con demned Eome thai were sent over for school buildings; but now tbey had gone further into the quarry they might have improved in quality. (Hear, hear.) It waa stated that 621 square miles would be benefited, but un less all the sand and scrub between Port Elliot and Port Victor were included he could not see where that amount of pro auciEg country lay. ^ uie umei oujreuary — 'The scrub land i3 good.') It wa3 totally different from the scrub land elsewhere, it was a marly clay, which had no nourishment at all. The mallee was bad. Where wheat had been grown on scrub land the mallee was strong and the soil waa very rich Considering the magnitude of our debt, was it advisable to go on constructing railways which had no chance of being remunerative for a long time? The whole of our strength should be devoted at present to opening up a country without necessary means of communication. It seemed to him that we were voting momy as if we had a population of three millions. Again, as to this railway, the sheep traffic wai estimated to bring in £20,000, while there were only 90,000 sheep in the whole district. The quantity of hay that would be carried waa very small; in fact, hay was a most dangerous railway freight, and as to the passenger traffic he did not believe that it would be very large. In view of the facts of the case he felt bound to more ' That the Bill be reada second time this dav six months.' (Hear, hear.) Mr. NEWLAND recommended the Go vernment to withdraw the Bill. They would not be able to carry it. The colony was not in a condition to go in to any very large extant for public works, and while he waa exceedingly friendly to the measure if the work could be done at a reasonable co3t, he Btill felt that the present was not an oppor tune time. Then the cost waa too great, and the work could be done for very much Ies3. If it could be done for £8,000 a mile he would support it. He approved the suggestion that the Chief Secretary should open nego tiations with landowners to induce them either to give a portion of their land or sell it on moderate terms. Too large a sum was proposed for stations, and even the line itself might be made much lighter. If these suggestions were carried in to effect he believed the line would pay a profit. The residents should be given to understand, however, that the main line of roads would be struck off the schedule if the railway were con structed. Mr. BEAGLEHOLE said that he recently visited Noarlunfea, going there by one road and returning to Adelaide by another, and all the way he met only one vehicle— an empty spring-dray, containing a poor man who had loBt his way and could not see any one to point it out to him. (Laughter.) The Chief Secretary had stated that a large quantity of timber would be brought into the Adelaide market if a railway was made. That was one inducement for making the Nairne Railway, and that railway would supply our needs for the next fifty years. (The Chief Secretary—' But the timber is different altogether.') More useless timber could not be got. It might do very well for firewood, but for nothing else. The Chief Secretary had said that the carriage of slate would form a very considerable item in the traffic Now, he did not know during the past ten years of a single roof in the City of Adelaide that had been covered with slate, or if it had, the slate had afterwards been taken away and iron substituted. At the late ban quet it was said that 4,000 tons of slate would be carried on the railway. And were they going to construct a railway at a cost of a quarter of amillion for the purpose of bringing down 4,000 tons of slate? On looking over the figures relative to estimated prohts he thought they had been made np for the occa sion, and made up very badly. Mr. Pickering had not forgotten a single item that he could put down for the line, not even poultry.. As to the carriage of wood, it was not very likely that after a person had got wo 3d on drays he would take it off and place it in rail way trucks, and then put it on drays again after arriving at Adelaide. Then there waa 101.C00 bushels of wheat. Well, it would be simply absurd to make a railway to bring down that miserable quantity, more especially when mostof it would be grown within a very short distance of the city. Then they were told that there would be live Btock, including 4,618 horses. It was not likely that horses would be brought down by the railway, because they were all bred within the district and would only have to come a few miles. (Hear, hear). Mr. Atkinson had referred to the increased value of the land through which the railway would run, but he did not see that 10s. an acre would be much to speak oL The Government had not the ghost of a chance of carrying the Bill, and it would be better for the Chief Secretary to withdraw it and not rein troduce it during the term of the present Parliament. (Hear, hear). The CHIEF. SECRETARY said he would not refer to the personal remarks of Mr. Grainger, because they were un worthy of notice. With regard to the statement that the estimates of the railway had been screwed down because the Government wanted to get the Bill through, he would scorn to adopt a course of that kind. (Hear, hear.) The figures had been honestly ard fairly prepared by the proper officers, and their accuracy had not men challenged. He had shown that the line would, pay the expense of maintenance and £8,000 towards the interest, and although the cost was large, it was nothing compared with the cost of Bimilar lines passed in New South \\\ ales, some as high as £20,000 and £25,000 per mile, and some of them gting to places not bo productive as Willunga. The Hon. G. C Hawker had somewh't dis counted the district ; but when he received a deputation on June 28, 1878, he spoke strongly in its favour. (Laughter.) The Hon.i G. C. Hawker — 'f have had experience since that I had not then.') . The hon. member had desired him to get a statement from the land owners that they would give the land through which the line waa to pass. He had already stated that they would give the land at a very small cost; and he unhesitatingly said now that they would give the land for next to nothing. He said fearlessly that he had made out one of the best cases that had ever been submitted to the House for a railway. He was not prepared to withdraw the measure. He would take a division upon it, and then they would see who were and who were not the friends of the South. (Mr. Howe—' It is unfair to put it that way. ) The amendment-^-' That this Bill be read a second time this day abc months'— waa carried on the following division, the vote being taken on the question—' That the words proposed to be struck out stand: '— AYES, 11. The Treasurer Messrs. Caldwell Com. Public Works Coglm Com. Crown Lands J. W. Downer Hon. J. C. Bray Newland Messrs. Atkinson Ward And the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes, so. Messta. Bagster Messrs. E. W. Hawker Easedow ? Hombnig ' Eeaglehole . Johnson ' Bower ? King Castine ' KrlchaoS Copley Martinson Duncan ? Miller Furner . ' Moale Gilbert Symon Oralnget And the Hon. G. O. Hawker (teller). PAIBb. ? Ate I Noes. The Attorney-General | Dr. Cockburn. SUPPLY BILL. Returned by the Council without amend ment ' WORKING MEN'S HOMESTEAD BILL. Received from the Council and read a first time, and on the motion of Mr. KRI CHAUFF the second reading was fixed for the next day. PHILLIPS PONDS RAILWAY BILL. In Committee. Clause 1 passed. Clause 2. Power to make railway. The COMMISSIONEE of PUBLIC WOBKS, to Mr. Duncan, said the terminus was definitely marked on the plan. It was 111 miles from Port Auguata. Mr. Eueneb said the teimmu8 mi«ht just as well be in the moon as Phillips Ponds; Did it go into the desert and stop ? Would it ultimately connect us with Western Australia? Mr. Gilbert said sufficient information had not been given to justify the line. The Hon, J. G Bbay said that the proper time for discussing the whole question was on the second reading, but a great many members were absent then, as they thought the debate would have been adjourned. They had had little information to justify the passing of the clause. The line would cost £278,000, the interest on which would be £11,000 a year. There would be a loss of £800 a year on the working expenses. The country would have to pay for the pleasure of this line about £12,000 a year, or £1,000 a month, £250 a week, or £35 a day. The Commissioner had said the average traffic had been equal to £8,596 for the last three years ; but if they got the whole of it, that loss must still follow. Why should we construct lines which would not pay working expenses ? Mr. Bdegoyke said it would be more convenient to pass the Bill through Committee and decide the whole ques tion on the third reading. Phillips Ponds were discovered by a man named Phillip Hearn, after whom they were named. As the line in that direction would suit the country better than any other, the Go vernment had done wisely in making it the terminus for the present. Mr. CoGLiNsaid the Commissioner's lucid, elaborate, _ and straightforward speech nad conclusively, shown the line would be reproductive. The country would cairy a million of sheep and 6CO,CO0 to 700,000 head of cattle, and popula tion, as in America, would follow the rails. Mr. Fobner would make the clause a test division. He had not heard enough to justify his voting for the line, and no perma nent injury would be done by postponing the Bill till next session. He nad no objec tion to refer it to a Select Committee. (Oh.) Mr. Johnson doubted whether this was a line of development which would eventually pay the country. As our present deficit waa something like £400,000, and as we were bound to lose an annual sum on this line in the meantime, we should be very careful in our expenditure. This railway was not to have its terminus m a beautiful alluvial valley, but in a semi desert. Even with the annual revenue of England we could not alter the soil. It might feed a few sheep, but it was not good for much else. He noped the discussion would be postponed, but that if they did pass the Rill the estimates would even vet be cut down. He observed one estimate for £12,030 for buildingB on the line. It left to the de partment, as }n the past, they would have very elegant cut-stone stations, with the stone imported from the very farthest town from which it could be brought. Unless he was shown thatit would be a good thing to construct the line at present, he would be obliged to vote againBt the measure. The CoMMissiONEBof Public WoBKSsaidhonl members had the impression the line would not pay at the outset. Taking the ordinary railway rates, the first year's traffic would show a loss of some £800. (The Hon. G. C. Hawker— 'I don't think so.'') He intended to raise the rates sufficiently high to make the line pay. (Mr. Bower— 'The people will object to that.') The Port Augusta people objected to the maximum rates fixed in the Bill, which were exceedingly high, but they would not object to a rate sufficient to pay the working expenses for the first year. From his own knowledge of the adjoining country, he was sure the line for the first year would give such an impetus to the country that there would be no fear of its not paying expenses and interest. There waa never a line which had a better prospect of paying, Bave the Silverton. From the sandy nature of the country be tween Port Augusta and Lake Windabout. rims would be deserted owing to the cost ol carriage unless that cost were re duced. The late Government had been spending thousands of pounds to make a pass able road, and tens of thousands would have yet to be spent to make it bo. When he went into office, he withdrew the men, but now was the opportunity to show what could be done with the cheapest line in Australia. From what Mr. Jones, the Conservator of Water, told him, he honestly believed a more legitimate railway could not be constructed in South Australia. It would ultimately be carried on to Lake Eyre and benefit a large amount of country. If our finances were so bad that we could not make a line cf this character we had better throw up the sponge and leave the colony to itself. The line would assist the country to overcome the de pression by causing large sums of money to be spent on it, while giving employ ment to a large number of men and bringing large traces of country into occupation. The Hon. G. C. Hawkks said that if the ronholders in the district through which the railway was proposed to ran were polled It would be found that the majority would be perfectly willing to agree to a reasonable rate of charges. It ought to be a thorough understanding that if this line were made the ronholders should be prepared to pay a certain rate for the carriage. The line was assuredly one of development, anc unless it were constructed the Pastoral Bill passed by the House, which gave liberal con cessions to all who took up land in the country, would be of no use, as unless means were given to develop the country and cart the produce down no one would settle on it Nearly all the runholders had been carrying on at a loss owing to the immense difficulty of getting the produce down. He felt sure if a fab: rate were pat on the caitage for bringing down the pro duce, as well as on the passenger traffic, the returns would be very much larger than had been estimated. Even the men required t shearing-time would be four or .five times as many as was indicated, and a correspond ing result might be expectedof thetrafficgene rally. He was convinced that the line would very soon not only pay its working expenses but would leave a margin of profit. Mr. J. W. Downer considered the proposed line would be the dearest instead of the cheapest, as stated by the Commissioner of Public Works— that was if the information at pre sent before the House waa to be relied on. t was to be regretted that Mr. Burgoyne had not given them the information he had promisea, and he trusted he would give it now. The country over which it was proposed to run the line was very barren, the first sixty six miles being composed entirely of sand, while the remaining forty-seven miles waa partly sand. The Commissioner of Public Works had given them no possible means of arriving at a conclusion as to the productive capacity of the country, which was so bad that many of 'the settlers' had been ruined, not for want of means to carry their produce to market, but for want of a rainfall. It was a matter of notoriety, too, that the whole country was in the hands of three or four persons, the smaller holders having been obliged to relinquish their runs in favour of their more fortunate neighbours. (The Com missioner of Public Works— ' The land will fall into our hands soon.') Not for many a long day. The immediate annual outlay would be £12,000, and what other expen diture would ensue they had no means of estimating, and all thia was for the purpose of benefiting three or four persons, who now paid at the outside £8,000 a year for cartage. Complaints had already been made by people interested that the proposed ratea were altogether too high. # Mr. Bubgoynb felt he could not keep his seat after the challenge of Mr. Downer, but would proceed to answer it at once. There was a strong probab lity, if not a certainty, of the line paying from the very first, and the Commis sioner had not stated the case half so Btrongly in favour of the line as he might have- done. While recognising the neces sity for great care in our expenditure he felt honestly that one of the most prudent measures we could undertake would be the construction of a line from Port Augusta to Phillips Ponds. It had been proved by documents to which all could have access that during the past eight mbnths'the traffic sent up amounted to 786 tons, while that sent down amounted to 756 tons, or a total of 1,512 tons. If they reckoned an average of £3 per ton for the freights, that would give, calculated in con nection with the other figures, £3,750 as the return for the year. This amount was not nearly so large as they would have so soon as a railway was constructed. Then a consider able amount of traffic was taken in private conveyapces, of which they had no account. The estimated expenditure per annum was stated by the Commissioner at £5,604, and reckoning the ordinary traffic, of which they could only form a rough but still toler ably accurate estimate, they would have a yearly return altogether of £9,050. Did this tend to show that the country would be involved in a tremendous oss by the construction of the line? It had been said that the proposed rates of carriage had not met with the favour of the residents at Port Augusta. But the general feeling was that the freight would soon be reduced to the rate on the other lines owing to the large amount of traffic that would result, and that the reduced rate would very well remunerate the Government. At present the freightage ranged from £5 to £10 per ton for the carriage of gooda up country, and where camels had to be em ployed even as much as from £12 to £15 had ;o be paid. The merchants and others there fore would be ODly too glad if they could get their goods conveyed for £5 a ton. Did the men who were engaged in that part of the country deserve nothing at our hands? They had to contend against every hard ship, and if any settlers were deserving of our help and sympathy it was these. Other reasons might ne given for the con struction of this line. It would open up a large area of country which ought to be opened up, and it would do much to remove the reproach that we could not produce the sheep and cattle we required for our own use. It was his firm conviction that if this line were constructed the number of Btock in the district would be increasedseven times within about three years. It was true that there was a deficiency of rainfall in the country ; but there was an immense quantity of feed which would keep Btock alive for months without rainfall, and what was required was water for the people. The instances of losses were to a great extent due to bad manage ment. The line was one of development, and those hon. members who voted for it would never re£ret having done so. Mr. Gbaikgeb objected to the use of abandoned rails in the construction of the line. If any accident occurred in consequence of their use those members who supported the Bill would have to share the responsibility of it. The country through which the line would paa« was very poor, and even the blacks could not live on it. (Mr. Burgoyne—' Oh yes, they can.') Mr, Habdy thought thatif a railway were made at all the rates for carriage should not be excessive, Ha sympathized with the making of any line of railroad which showed a reasonable prospect of paying expenses. He was not prepared to Eay that he was satisfied on that matter with this line, but if the question was fully discussed, and he was in any doubt, he would give his vote in favour of the line rather than against it. But that would depend upon what he heard of the probable traffic. It -va3 said that the line would be made at a cost of about £2,500 a mile. Undoubtedly if they could construct a cheap railway at that rate, including rolling-stock, it would be of ereat advantage, but that would not follow nnlesa there were substantial perma nent ways suitable to the traffic. The House should be informed that there were large watercourses in parts of the country which might injure the railway, and the line ought to be so constructed aa to be safe from storm waters. Mr. Moule said the Bill had been on the table for months, and had been alluded to iT the Government policy. Surely, then, it wa' che duty of hon. members to study the qujstion and get information for themselves. The question had been debated and written about for a long time past, and the arga rnents in the newspapers in favour of tae line had never been answered. The members for the district were ready to support the measure ; but after the very able manner in which the Commissioner of Public Works introduced theBill— andhe waa very moderate in his estimates— there was little left for them to answer. As to the line being a financial success, he felt confident that the traffic would increase, even though the rates to be charged were double what waa contemplated. . Statistics given in a letter in the Register that morning by Mr. C. E. Stokes could be trusted, and he believed the higher estimates given by Mr. Stokes were much more correct than those shown by the Commissioner of Public Works. The increased rental from the land alone by laying the railway tlirouph it would be quitesufficient to pay the interest. Mr. Caldwell said he had intended oppos ing all Railway Bills on the ground that the Government were in an impecunious condi tion. But a scheme of taxation had been adopted, and he bad therefore resolved not to adhere to this decision. He hailed with satisfaction the proposal to construct a rail way for the development of the country in the north-west, as he believed that that country had not ui the past received proper attention from the Government. According to bis information tbe country was capable of producing a considerable return to the revenue. He would therefore support the BilL Mr. La^tdseeb said he would do so too, as this was cenuinelv a line of development. Mr. Newland Baid that, i? there wa3 no probability of the present stock increasing, it would be absurd to construct the line. Some thought a coast line better, but isolated lines had proved a great mistake. Lines going into the interior could not be expected to pay at first. Descriptions o f country varied according to whether a rail way or relief was wanted, but if it were true this could carry fifty sheep to the Bquare mile it was fairly good. Would it be necessary to fence the line to keep the sheep from loosening the sand? That would make the line non remunerative. If motors were well adapted for the southern line could they not be used for this ? Mr. Milt,eb, relying on the Com missioner of Public Works and Mr. Bnrgoyne's statements, would support the Government. It was far more sensible to construct a cheap and reproductive railway than to spend hundreds of thousands of pounds on roads. The estimates were below the mark, as it was impossible to suppose that only 300 persons would travel over tbe line in a year. Mr. Duncan said the present was ^ not the year in which to incur increased expenditure. A country like ours, not pierced by rivers, could only be developed by cheap railways. Though the line in question would biidge an almost impassable desert, it was an experi ment, and we had experiments on hand. If the lines forming part of the overland system proved a success, it would give the Government an unassailable argument for his. Ten years ago it was thought the Go vernment should construct a line north from Port Augusta up the Western Plains, and he still thought it would have been the nearest route to the interior. The extension of the Phillips Ponds line would cut the Over land line at some point further north, and would according to many be ultimately the trans line ; but the public finances would not warrant two main lines to the same country. If the Govern ment carried this Bill they should consider the advisability of repealing the Ace for a railway from Hergott Springs to Primrose Springs, as the extension of the Phillips Ponds line would save 100 miles from the interior to Port Augusta. The line to Hergott was right as a line for extension to Queensland. The country was hardly ripe, however, for the Bill, and would lose nothing by delay. There was a considerable doubt in the House as to its advantages ; there was a certainty as to its adding £12,000 to the taxpayer's burden, and there was the Commissioner's assurance that it would not . pay its working ex penses. Communication was, moreover, less difficult to the interior since the general employment of camels. Further, the par ticular country in question had not been proved worthy of a railway, as its rainfall was less than two inches last year, and many persona had had to retire from its occupation. Mr. J. L. Stirling agreed that the Govern ment should consider the desirability of sub stituting this line as the first section of a more direct route to the Northern Territory. This line was certainly lor the benefit ot pastoral lessees alone, but they were entitled to sympathy in establishing holdings in that dry country. The Commissioner's estimates of revenue were necessarily unreliable, because not even the owners could state the full carr j ing capabilities of the runs. The country was being gradually developed. Messrs. Bowman had 'been highly successful in getting water, and their stock on the runs was somewhat considerable. The falling-in of the leases in 1888 would increase the value of the land. A line to the west coast would )e utterly useless to bring stock to the Ade laide market. Camels could not bring wool down. He was glad the railway officials had found out how to make cheap lines and bridges. A bridge 20 feet wide and 800 feet long, to carry trains and vehicles, could now be constructed for £13,000, while the Murray Bridge, 1,200 feet long, was estimated at £270,000. Although he did not consider the line would at first pay he would vote for it. Mr. Catt remarked that the country beyond Phillips Ponds was much worse than along the line. It had been dinned into their ears for yeara by the owners that the. runs were practically valueless. The country could not afford the line, as it would be expensive to maintain it through the eighty miles of red sand. Sympathy with the lessees ought not to take the form of the grant of a railway. Would the line trend westward after passing LakeGardiner? (The Commissioner of Public Works— 'Yes.') That did away with ita being a competing line to that already con structed. It would be better to expend a few thousands in the conservation of water than to make a railway in a country where previous efforts had been so damaging. They had been told the number of horses in that country was 1,183, cattle 5,177, and sheep 250,000. Take the horses to be worth £12,000, cattle £25,000, and sheep £100,000, and the value of improvements £1.37,000, and there was a total of £274,000, and forsooth we proposed to spend an equal amount. The reasons for passing the Bill were less urgent than for the Willunga Railway Bill, and not even the high price of cartage would warrant the construction. Mr. Tennant opposed the line, though it passed through his own dis trict. Two y ears ago he took the same stand, because the line was not for the good of the country. The pastoral lessees near the line did not want it. (Mr. Burgoyne —'Who are they?') Messrs. John Love, W. Moore, and another whom he would not name. Were we to construct a line costing £280,000 to serve eight persona ? As a taxpayer he objected to a burden of £12,000 a year for it. The line would com pete with that now existing. If they wanted to develop the country, let them run the rails to Denial Bay, on tbe west coast, which would yield three times as much. A third of the Phillips Ponds country waa salt lakes held by four persons. The line would prove a white elephant, and the rotten rails would have to be pulled up. The country generally was bad for grazing, and there waa no water except the rainfall in the ponds. Pastorallats had spent thousands on it without getting returnB, and a train a month would meet the average traffic. He advocated furnishing water on the roads so that wool could be brought down. Where there was no water for stock, how wonld they get it for the railway? (Mr. Coglin— 'Artesian wells.') Artesian humbugs. (Laughter.) He would not tax the country to serve the interests of the few. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Fxteneb said that a howl of indignation was raised at the expenditure of money necessary for the permanent settlement of the agricultural land, yet now they were asked to vote £300,000 for a railway which would accommodate only that- oae district, They ought to hesitate before they com mitted themselves to such an expenditure for so small a result. If he were satisfied that this would be a line of development, and would open up in a beneficial way the in terior of our great northern country, or that we would derive any considerable revenue from the increased value of the leases that would fall in in 1888, he would support the scheme. But upon these points they hac no information upon which they could rely, and he would oppose the clause. The Commissioneb of Public Wobks said that between the years 1888 and 1S92 inclu sive 5,000 Bquare miles of country would fall into the hands of the Government, and between 1893 and 1897 14,000 square miles. Hen. members would see at once that there must be a considerable increase in the value of this land. With regard to the statement that there were only eight persons interested in the runs, he had a list of over thirteen pertons, and he was informed by Mr. Jones that there were others besides. But it was not a question with them of how many persons field the land. The country would . soon fall in, and then they would have the power to subdivide the land and to lease it in blocks which persons could occupy with profit to themselves. The construction of this railway had been recommended by two officers in the Government service who hac not the slightest interest in it, and who had a thorough knowledge of the country. He would accept their opinion in preference to that of Mr. Tennant. Mr. H. E. Downeb said it appeared to him that it was their duty to reject this Bill. The line would cost £300,000, and its construction would involve the country in a loss of about. £12,000 a year. Mr. Tennant, who was a member for the district, opposed the scheme, and he thought they should accept his opinion on the subject, as in the ordinary course of things it might be supposed that his interests and hia_ sympathies would induce him to support it. The country suffered from a want of rainfall, and if this line would have the effect of increasing the rain fall he would vote for it. But it would not ; and in addition to this be doubted whether it waB practicable to make and maintain such a line across a tract of sandy desert. He waa informed that there was not within fifty miles of this proposed railway on either side or ahead of it a resident population of 200. and he believed that the estimates of traffic which bad been laid before them were excessive. Mr. Castine opposed the clause. It waa a monstrous proposition that they should con struct a railway to accommodate 20 in dividuals. The only conclusion he could come to was that sonre of the engineers in terested in the line were anxious to try some new American engines. Mr. Beaolehole said he had come to the conclusion that they would be doing a great injuiy to the colony if they constructed this railway. In view of the present financial condition of the colony it would be a crying shame to enter on an expenditure which would be pro ductive of bo small a result. He would vote against the clause. Mr. Bagsteb said the title of the Bill should be altered to ' Port Augusta and Squatters Accommodation Bill.' (Laughter.) He had not heard one argument m favour of the measure, but from every direction there had come a cry against it. He protested against public money being wasted in the construction of such a railway. 1 he Committee then divided as follows on the motion, ' That the clause do pass :'— Ayes, 16. Tbe Chief Secretary' . Messrs. Copley 5reasurtr Fox Ccm. Crown Lands Landseer MeEBrs. Ba Rot ' Miller Bnrgoyno Motile Caldwell Newland Ccckbum J. L. Stirling Coslin And the Commissioner of Public Works (teller). Noes, 15. Hon. J. C. Bray Messrs. Gilbert Messrs. Bagster B. W. Hawker Bower Johnson Castine King Catt ErichauS H. E. Downer - Maitiaaon Duncan Tennant And Mr. Furnei (toilet). ??:; ... Pairs. Ate'. Noes. The Attorney-General Mseari. J. W. Downer Hon. G. C. Hawktr Boas Messrs. Green Beazlehola Symon Atkinson. Clause passed. Clauses 3 and 4 passed. Clause 5. Tariff! The Hon. J. CL Beat proposed to strike out in the first line the word ' any,' and insert the ' under mentioned/ It was agreed necessary to fix a special minimum rate. Tho Commissionebi of Public Works agreed to the amendment. If the tariff was fixed at 5d, per ton the line would more than pav working expenses. Carried. The Hon. J. C. Bray moved to strike out ' not exceeding the following' in the next line, and to strike out ' ninepeuce' and insert 'fivepence' in the next para graph. Carried. The Commissioner of Public Wobks moved to strike out ' 6ne shilling' in the next paragraph, and insert 'sevenpence.' Carried. Passed as amended.: Clauses 7 to 1G passed, and preamble agreed to. On tho motion—' Thatthe Bill be reported,' Mr. Fornee asked whether he could move that it be referred to a Select Committee. The Chairman said the only time to do that was immediately after the second reading. The Bill was reported and the consideration of the report waB fixed for the next day. EXCESSES ON VOTES AND SUPPLE MENTARY ESTIMATES. The Acting Governor forwarded a message recommending the appropriation of the revenue for the excess votes for the year ending June 30, 1884, and for the Supplemen tary Estimates for tha year ending June 30, 1885\. Referred to the Committee of Supply. SILVERTON RAILWAY BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. Mr. LANDSEER believed Ihe Ministry were thoroughly conscientious in introducing this Bill, which ^contained features deserving of special attention. In the first place we would only be acting as camera over this line, which would not develop our own country. When a line went into our own territory we reaped additional benefit through the Customs-house. If they con sidered that the duty on a quarter cask of spirito was £16 and the carriage over the line was 16s. they would gee the difference { again, if we sent up 2,000 lb. of tobacco £100 would be received through the Customs im: mediately, while the carriage would only be 64s. The Bame thing ap slied to tea, where we would receive 64s. for carriage, but if the line went into our own territory we would receive in addition £25 through the Customs. The country through which this line went after leaving Terowie or Petersburg twenty-five miles be1 hind was of no use for agricultural purposes, and as the termination of the line would be at Silverton we would only be carriers for the settlers in that place. Although he had pointed these things out he did not say we should not construct the line, and if it ever were intended to make thiB a great country we would have to make considerable sacri fices, and grant reasonable facilities to those who went out to develop the country in the shape of railways. As he believed the Go vernment were sincere in laying this matter before the House he would give them his vote. (Hear, hear.) Mr. nuNij wouia support tne second read ing, although he was in doubt as to the best point from which the line should start. He had advocated this line in the past, but he preferred the continuation of the line from Farina to Queensland as being a better pay ing one. He would take this as an instal ment, and he hoped the Government would in the future bring in a Bill for this object. There would be & very large amount of traffic on this line irrespective of that from Silverton. It would be the means of greatly facilitating the carriage of stock, but he hoped arrangements would be made to properly tranship cattle at Terowie. At the present time the arrange ments were very imperfect. He hoped that the Commissioner would alter the weight of the rails as provided for in clause 4 from 40 lb. to 50 lb. The latter would notcost very much more, but the stability of the line would be very much enhanced. Mr. TENNANT differed from the speaker who stated that this would be a liae of de velopment. There was no development about it. The whole of the country through which it would pass was stocked with 6heep, and that was all it was fit for. The construction of this line would not bring Is. more to the revenue or develop one acre of country, The population of Silvertou was# increasing very much, but other mining populations came and went, and a tew weeks hence the population of Silverton might be gone altogether. We were not in a position to spend £800,000 over the develop ment of the other colonies, and the only reeult of this line would be to develop New South Wales. It would not bring one more ounce of silver to Adelaide; the fact of teams going up there with food and comir-g back empty proved there was very little ore there. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands — ' It proves the cost of carriage is too high.') How would this line benefit this colony ? If the articles did go up to Silverton they would go under bond. With our de ficiency of £500,000 we were not in a position to borrow money to build railways that would benefit the other colonies. We must consider our own interests. Although he was against the line at present he might not always be against it. If it were proved that Silverton was likely to be a permanent payable field the line might be made in the future, but he certainly was opposed to tbe line starting from Petersburg as proposed by the Go vernment. It would be better to start from Terowie, as there was the broad gautie there, and by it they could bring the goods to Adelaide without any trouble. The lino from Silverton acrosB the north-east of Coglin via Orroroo to Port Germein would be a short line, and would open up an extent of country. Ho hoped hon. members would not be led away by flourishing reports in the papers. There was a great deal of talk about the silver raised, but the actual fjuantity which came down did not appear to justify it, Mr. BOWER felt inclined to vote against any expenditure on railways at tho fag end of the session, and in view of the state of the public finances he would like to hear what the taxpayer had to say on it by next session. A railway to Silverton was not urgent, as the mineB employed farmers as teamsters. If the ores were worth £80 to £90 a ton they could afford to pay cartage. A railway would throw the carters out of em ployment, and the interest must bo paid to another country. We could not afford to speculate with tho large bum this _ line would post, especially as he did not believe it would pay. Years ago thousands of tons of ore was taken from Moonta to Wallaroo by private enterprise, and the more that kind of thing was left to private enterprise the better. He objected to the Petersburg starting point on account of the transhipment involved. As the pro duce should go to the nearest port at the least cost he preferred Terowie. The pro posal was prematnre, while we were heavily in debt, and New South Wales could not take the trade in any case. Mr. CALDWELL endorsed Mr. Bower's practical remarks. It was a line which could be done without. It did not, like the Phillips Ponds line, develop South Australia, for the stock raised in this country already found its way to our markets, Until some understand ing was arrived at with New South Wales whereby our interests were preserved he would not vote for the line. Mr. WARD said the Commissioner of Public Works in his able and exhaustive speech altogether ignored what was to be said in favonr of Port Germein, and was inconsis tent with his position three and a half yeara ago. Even supposing there was no Port Ger mein, a line from Orroroo to the Border would be better than one from Petersburg. Both Petersburg and Orroroo were in his district. The Commissioner emphasized the fact that Petersburg was only 73i milea from Port Pirie, from which he concluded that the lino viaPeterabure would bo the shortest to the seaboard. (The Commissioner of Public Works — 'No: the shortest ia by way of Carrieton.') But the hon. member had dis missed Carrieton as unworthy of considera tion. Port Pirie was not a port capable of doing the trade anticipated from the line. The two leading products from New South Wales and the north-east must be wool and ore. The ore would go home as ballast in the wookhips. Had there ever been or waa it likely there ever would be a wookhip at Port Pirie ? (Mr. Howe— 'Yes, when you were a little boy.') That was before South Australia had any produce toehip. If a large vessel went to Port Pirie it had to complete its loading in the well-secured waters of Port Germein. (Hear, hear.) A complete revolution of late had occurred in the shipping facilities of Australia. If they spent half a million on the Port Pirie ditch— (Mr. Catt—' It is rather a thorn in your side')— it could not be made available for ocean steamers. The largest ocean-going ship that visited Australia could go into Port Germein and load there with perfect safety and convenience. The only three ports to which tho products could go for BhiDment were Ports Augusta, Germein, and Adelaide ; Port'Pirio waa en. tirely out of it. From Petersburg to Port Augusta, the nearest practical port, was 103 miles, and from Petersburg to the Border 155 miles, altogether 260 mi'es. Orroroo to the Border was 158 milea, and from Orroroo to tort Augusta was S3J, altogether 241J mile3. Those figures told in favour of Onoroo apart from Port Germein. (Mr. Catfc— ' Port Ade laide,') If the produce had to go to Port Adelaide, the proper starting point was Terowie, and the line shocld be extendtd on the broad gauge. But the traffic would go to Port Augusta in the present, and Port Germein in the future. (Mr.'Catt— ' The far distant'1) If they made a line from Port Germein to Orroroo, as they ought to do, irrespective of the north-east traffic, it would be 153 miles from Orroroo to the Border, and 49£ from Orroroo to Port Gpnnein, giving 207i miles as against the 250 milea via Petersburg to Port Augusta, (Mr. Howe—' Ha ! ha !') Three and a half years ago the Commissioner of Public Works on tiieSelect Committee agreed to the paragraph which proved incontestably that if they had a line to Port Germein it must be the beat out 1 t for the produce for which the Bill provided. Toe Commissioner of Public Works had moved amendments to the Chairman's draft report, which with a view to the ultimate ex tension to the east, advocated the line when the settlement was found to be permanent. It was the settlement in the very direction of thialine. The hundreds eastward of Jrooroo had not failed in the sense the Commissioner had indicated. (The Commissioner of Public Works— ' Yes.') There were more settlers, more settlement, and a larger area under cul tivation, and in the hundreds to the east ward of Orroroo there had not been a failure like the average failure. He wa3 at Orroroo less than a month ago, and re ceived most encouiaging reports of the ciop3. One argument the Commissioner used was that the sleepers could be obtained from the Wirrabara Forest ; but while they must be carted from Laura to the Port Pirie line, from Petersburg the Orroroo line went right through the heart of the forest. Some hon. members decried the capabilities of Port Germein, and they had given its want of accommodation as a reason why the line should not be constructed from Orroroo to Port Germein. The figures on the table ahowed clearly that at a cost not exceeding £20,000 the jetty could be carried out to a depth at which it would give accommodation to vessels drawing twenty feet. If they had this depth of wacer it was idle to depreciata the facilities of Port Germein when the largest vessels could lie in safety within ita harbour, which was shel tered by two spits. Then they could cheapen the cost of the transit of pro duce to the seaboard by adopting this route, and it was their duty to do it. He con tended they would be blind to the interests of South Australia if they did not accept the amendment he would suggest. He would not haye an opportunity of bringing it for ward himself, bat he had no doubt_his col league would undertake to move it in Com mittee. (Mr. CoDley— 'Hear, hear.') The amendment was that in the third clause the WOid 'Petersburg' should be struck out and the word 'Orroroo' inserted. If that amendment were not carried he would not exhibit the spirit of the dog in the manner, bat would accept the Bill as it stood. (Hear, hear.) Mr. C ATT said they admitted that if the route proposed by Mr. Ward were agreed to it would be to the advantage of Poll Augusta, bnt at the Bime time they siid it would be to the disadvantage of Port Adelaide. Bat the ore would always go to Port Adelaide, as it would be used for ballast by the larger vessels. 'With reference to Port Pirie, he thought nothing more need be said to prove its capa bilities than that from it there was sent away at least a third of the whole of the wheat grown in South Australia. That poit was equal to therequirementa of a muchlarger area than that which it now drained. As showing the capabilities of the port a letter addressed by Captain Munrq, of the Knight of the Thistle, to the residents of Port Pirie gave valuable evidence. He said amongst other things : — ' My ship of 1,428 tons register was loaded to 16 feet at the Milling Company's Whaif, and evea at low tides was always afloat. I left the wharf with 1,218 tons of carjjo on the first making tide, and reached the' shallowest place at three-quarters less. The depth the lead showed was 17 ft. 6 in., and I can safety state that I would have no hesitation in going down at ordinary spring tide drawing 18 feet. Not the slightest difficulty was experienced in towing me (jut, and the sharp turns only exist in the imagina tion of those wishing to cry dowo. your port. I know nothing about the facilities at Port Germein for loading, but it would, however, have to be extremely fine weather before I should think of putting my ship alongside their jetty, and it would have to be a tiptop charter to induce me to venture there at all. This was the opinion of a person who was qualified to judge, and it afforded a complete answer to the statements of Mr. Ward. The depth of water at Port Germein could not be increased by dredging, becuise the part of the jetty referred to stood on a mud flat, and aa soon a3 this was dredged it would silt up again. Mr. Ward said that ? a saving might be effected by taking the sleepers along the Port Germein Railway; but that railway was not made yet, and it would not be made for some time to come. The country to the eastward had not proved itself as good as it was represented to be by Mr. Ward. There was room enough to place twice che number of stock upon the land through which the line would pass, if only a proper system of water conservation were carried into effect. The line would convey immense numbers of stock to the Adelaide markets, and would enable us to secure a very large proportion of the trade, while, in addition, it would firmly annex to us that part of New South 'Wales which it would touch. The Commissioner had proved to demonstra ticn that Petersburg was the proper place for the line to start from, one important tact io its favour being that from it either Ports Adelaide, Pirie, or Augusta could be reached. (Hear, hear.) An objection had been made that the line ought to start from Terowie, and that it should be on the broad gauge, but all the railways north of Adelaide ought to be on the narrow gauge. The smaller railways were less expensive to work, they served all the trade, and travelled at a sufficiently fast rate for all purposes. In order to show the comparison in the yield in the hundreds near Orroroo and those near Petersburg, he might men tion that the average yield for the past six years in Walloway was 5 '22 bushels, in Erskine for three years 2'27, Cavenaeh for two years 2'5, and in Minburra only 21 lb. for three years, while near Petersburg, Hundred Yongala, had yielded for ten years S'33 bushels, Gumbowie for five years 619 bushels, and Parnaroo for three years 3'36bushels. In addition, itshould not be forgotten that the population in the hundreds near Orroroo was decreasing. So far he had not spoken of Silverton, but he had been told not long since by a friend who had come from there that he had counted 161 teams between Terowie and the Border. Even that day the Rev. Mr. Thome had informed him that at least one team was always in sight all the way to Silverton, while often six more were to be seen. He believed also that at the present time there was a large quantity of ore at sight and ready to be sent .down, He considered that Mr. Bower and Mr. Hawker had used arguments unworthy of them when they spoke of throwing teamsters out of work, for if their ideas were to be carried into effect no railways at all would be constructed. (Hear, hear.) He would support the Bill. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COPLEY was in accord with his colleague in believing that the starting place fur this line should be from Orroroo, and he could not do better than show the character of the country to which Orroroo belonged. The township was in the centre of the County of Dalhousie, which contained double as much land under culti vation as was to be found south of . Adelaide. He found that the area under cultivation in it was 201,702 acres, and that they had produced 1,750,000 Luiahels of wheat, or an average of S*36 bushels per acre, the average of the whole colony being only 7 '56. It should be re membered also that some of the finest land in the colony was siuated in County Frome. He would not enter into the question as to the merits of Port Germein as compared with other ports, because he was so satis fied with the possibility of making Port (Jermein one of the finest ports in the colony with a little expenditure that he did not think it necessary to say a word against any other competing port, and another reason why the railway should be made was that it must take the ' place of ordinary roads in this colony, where we had no rivers, and the whole of the line would traverse country containing leases that fell in in 1SSS. It would be a very gre-*t assistance in enabling the country to be held in smaller lota, and would increase its carry ing capacity. This was proved in the case of the eastern portions of Orroroo, which hod proved to be of no use for wheatgrowing, bat which at the present time had twice as many cattle on them as at any time previous, notwithstanding the wheat produced. The figures quoted by Mr. Catt had reference to exceptionally bad years, but this year the yield would compare more than favourably with tie average returns from other parts of the colony. He was satisfied that the amount of traffic on the liae would pay. leaving out of the question that which would be sent by the tradesmen to the Border. Mr. Catt had stated that one-third of the wheat grown in the colony was shipped at Port Pirie; but this was through Port Germein not having been declared a port of import or export, so that the produce shipped at it went to the credit of Port Pirie. He was thoroughly in accord with his colleague in' reference to the starting place of the line, and when the Bill was in Committee he wonld test the feeling of the House by moving that the word Peters burg' be struck ont and ' Orroroo' inserted in it3 place; but if he were beaten, rather than sacrifice the Bill, he would support the line from Petersburg. The debate was adjourned, on the motion of Mr. CASTINE, till next day. VERMIN DESTRUCTION BILL. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS^ introduced the Vermin De3truction Bill, which was' read a first time, the second reading being fixed for Thursday, ADJOURNMENT. At half-past past 10 o'clock the House adjourned till next day. 