PUSSYANA. (Daily News.)' IpthereeeiitCat Show at the Crystal Palace does little to improve the breed, at least it may help to promote the kind treatment of cats. An animal which on certain occasions 'insects in his thousands at the Crystal Palace is not to be despised. In this parlia-.. meet of passes the Persian and the Manx I care which has no tail, were' doubtless; the most beautiful. and Curious, but all cats are quaint and enigmatic creatures. 7in pêto intuitions, fine. old French author calls the cat, and Plutarch supposed that the Egyptians worshipped it because its eyes resembled the moon. 2 The folk lore ' of Europe is full ' of dread of cats. The husbandman, in a German, English, and Moreton story passes, in his darkling homeward way, a whole congregation of cats. They are all wailing and lamenting, and one of them coming forward tells the rustic that. " Bertrand is dead." The man returns home and repeats the tale to his wife.. Instantly his own cat stands up, beside the hearth, " Is Bertrand dead, then I am king of rats," he cries, and (lies up the chimney. 'Cats were the witches' familiars, and perhaps it was for that reason, or some other as good, that in Flanders cats were thrown from church towers in Lent, and that in France they were burned in bonfires on the night of St. John's Or that she may be the survival of the curious custom by which in Greece wild beasts, bears, deer, and others, were driven through the fire in honour of Artemis. The magical qualities of poor puss got him even worse treatment in the Highlands of Scotland. When the seer of the clan wished to prophesy with unusual accuracy he used go out to a lonely place in the mid- night, said there, beside some roaring water- fall, he would torture a cat, till a great supernatural cat came, answered the questions of the wizard, and purchased the release of the tormented animal. The relics of these superstitions perhaps betray themselves in the horror which some people feel at the mere presence of " cauldrons," as the Scotch call the purring animal. This horror is a very old phenomenon. Aristotle mentions "the man who was afraid of the cat," but, it may be argued that Aristotle was thinking of some other animal, and that Greece had not yet imported the common pin from Egypt. It is certain that one of the bravest of modern soldiers has the reputa- tion of being physically unable to endure the society of a cat, and of knowing by his own nervous emotion when a cat is in the room. If the world possessed many such liiartialists, the cat-artillery, of Christopher of Hapsburg. would be doubly valuable. This old theorist on artillery conceived the brilliant idea of fastening bottles filled with poisonous vapours on the backs of cats, and of letting the animals loose on the doomed foe: But this terrific invention, he insists, must 'on no account be used against Christians. The most' dangerous foes of cats in our age are gamekeepers, who shoot them, and rowdy youth, who pursue them with bull terriers. The cat is a beast of very ancient lineage and high degree. Perhaps it was from Nubia that the Egyptians got the cat, which they at once began to worship as the Goddess Pasha. The etymology of the names for the cat throw little, or no light on its original home. Ghet,gutto,k"th (Kynuic), and the old Scandinavian cotter are all clearly of the same family as the late Latin cases vestas, and as plainly unconnected with the earlier Latin wells, from which comes the woman's name Felicia, little pass." The Greek name simply means "the beast with the waving tail." A number of the other names were clearly ónoína'topoíic, and are derived from the "view" or availing cry of the car. A recent American writer mentions some children who invented a "cat language," in which cars could be intelligently addressed,", Oddly enough, a French philosopher, Dupont de Nemours, had anticipated this childish idea, and made considerable researches into the language, which cats talk among themselves. the decided that cats, which have a more extensive view of the world from tree-tops. and house-tops than dogs enjoy, have also a "more fully developed language, than their natural enemies. "The coat has a speech in which all the vowels of the dog are found, * , with six consonants into the bargain, these being in, n, g, h, grand f. Hence the cat has a far greater number of words than the dog ; hence, too, its superior intelligence and cunning." The Abba Galvani, a famous wit was also fond of studying cats. He maintained that "the language of the Tom is quite different from that of the table as it ought to be." In this case cats resemble several savage races (such as the Caribs and a people mentioned by Herodotus) in that the males and females of the race speak different tongues. The Abbé detected more than twenty inflections in the language of cats," and might have parodied the remark attributed by Voltaire to a Hebrew prophet, and said men that paris el maine ii park bien Tie was certain that." cats always use the same sound to express the same thing." These 'photos-,' pliers might well have wondered, like Montaigne, what their cat was thinking of their division. Chateaubriand, a great friend of cats, had rather a good story of a ghost of a cat, accompanied by a ghost of a wooden leg, which used to walk up and down stairs together in an ancient house. And if cats have a language, why should they not leave ghosts behind them? Cats have naturally had a good deal of honour paid to them in heraldry. Probably the Caratti of Tacitus were a race which named themselves and claimed descent (as so often happens) from the cat. Clan Chattan, Which fought the other clan on the North Inch at Perth, was also a, cat clan. The Gaelic name of the Duchess of Sutherland means the " Great Lady of the Cat in the Roman army the standard of the Oi'dines Auguste! is said to have been a cat, and another company, the Felices Seniors, or " lucky veterans," bore half the image of a cat rampant. Clotilde, the MU fe of (Movies, bore, we are assured, a cat killing a mouse in her blazon, and the Pella Gatta of Naples naturally have cats for supporters.) Among the most illustrious friends of cats have been Victor Hugo, Theophile Gautier, Prosper Men mee, Chateaubriand Cardinal Wolsey, Richelieu, and Mahomet. The case of Mahomet was named Muezza, and for this worthy animal he showed the highest consideration. One day the cat fell asleep on the wide sleeve of the prophet's coat. Mahomet had a business engagement, but he could not dream of disturbing Muezza. At last, as the matter became pressing, this good-natured prophet cut the sleeve off his coat, went about his business, and left Muezza toiepose. Chateaubriand thought, and justly, that the independence of the car was one of its most remarkable features. There is always $pngjw,ho loves and one who lets himself he *lpyecf$m every affair of the heart, and fjt'hè^cat invariably occupies the latter port strolls; It cares no more for any of its friends thousand the jolly miller who lived by the 'salaries of Dec. The cat is attached to places, that is, to its habits and its " meals regular," not to persons. And why not? Man has sought the society of the car it is not the ear that has sought the society of "man,"' says' Champigny, '"" "The cat does not caresses," says Chamfort and he never said anything more true-" it caresses itself on Vis." It is a natural, comfortable, selfish, Unclepeudent animal, and probably its society is valued because it so obviously and un- affectedly makes the best of this life without pretending to any enthusiasm for humanity. THE time has long since gone by when it was the fashion to place every unfortunate waif of a witticism to the credit of Sidney Smith. Now, however, it is the custom to attribute all jokes with a Milesian flavour be ; they ever so stale. flat, and had to tile genial inhabitant of the "aim of the say. That this is not as it should be is beyond dispute, and all right- thinking men will admit it is adding another injustice to a list already over full. But the following story I can vouch for, as it was related to" me by one who has studied well the "Life of George Washington." It appears he paid a visit to an old friend who came the other day in the Almora. After they had shaken hands and embraced, and embraced and shaken hands, the visitor asked for the good lady! and'' was informed that she had I gone " down town for a walk. Scarcely had this answer been given when the door was suddenly thrown open, and in Flounced the old lady in a tremendous state of excitement. "Shcmus, I'm kilt,"slieycllcd, Sliemusnodded his head. " Sliemus, d'ye hear ?" He nodded again. This exasperated her to refreshing tears, . so she sat down and plaintively told how she 1 slipped on a banana peel in Queen-street from '" a position of grace and agility to one of case, if not of elegance. Shcmus heard her to the end, then took his orders from his mouth, ex- pectorated to satisfaction, and delivered himself with great effect thusly :-" Yarra, Bid, Where's the use in yo talking'? Shure, the divil himself knows that if we take it into your nut to fall all the powers and banana skins in creation wouldn't prevent you." " Howly MoScs," exclaimed Bid, "hear the pity the omadhaun has for me. The jabers, Shcmus, the weather is I didn't walk in that doors a corpus !"-EMYMIOX. FROM a gentleman who arrived in town from Homestead on Friday afternoon (says the Towers Herald of 5th instant we learn that there is good grass between Charters Towers and Balfe's Creek, but between there and Homestead the country is very bare, there being scarcely any feed for stock. Within the last week or two a considerable quantity of the grass around Homestead has been burnt, to make a bad state of things worse. The late rains which visited Charters Towers, and were so unspeakably welcome, did not extend to Homestead or Balfe's Creek. A VETERAN, in whom all lovers of the animal creation will feel a lively interest, is about to be rewarded (says the Standard) with an old age of case. Stonewall Jackson's charger, now beyond his work, has been transferred to the Virginia Military Institute, where he is to pass the, remainder of his existence in dignified leisure, made happy by succulent grass and plenty, of oats. "Fancy" is the name of the war-worn quadruped. He was bought by the, hero at Harper's Ferry in the spring of 1861, was ridden by him in nearly all of his battles, and the General was on his back at 'Chancellorsville, when he received his death wound. After the fainting man was lifted from the saddle, the horse was turned loose, and ran into the Federal lines, where he was captured. General Stuart, the famous Confederate cavalry leader, subsequently got possession of him again, and sent him to Governor Letcher, who presented him to Mrs. Jackson. It is gratifying to know that an animal whose career has been marked by such associations of glory will not be turned over to the knocker or exhibited by some enterprising showman. The' idea of " Fancy " being assigned to such an ignoble fate would be as repulsive as that of Alexander's Bucephalus being yoked to the plough or the Iron Duke's Copenhagen trotting in the shafts of a four-wheeler. , 'at Tun Mormons appear to be in remarkably good spirits (writes the Pall Mall frantic) notwithstanding the thunderbolts that 'are constantly being levelled against them'. At the fifty-third semi- annual conference of the church, held at Salt Lake City on the 5th October, violent speeches were delivered con- demning the efforts made by Congress to put ' a stop to polygamy. "No power on earth," said Brigham young, jim., " could overthrow the Saints, and even stranger revelations than those they had received were yet to come." Other apostles followed in the same strain and statistics were presented showing the nourishing condition of the Church. These figures show a membership in Utah of 127,291. The number of families is 23,000. During the past six months - the births were 1200 males and 1100 females ; the number of children under eight years is 37,000; there have been 330 marriages in the same period ; 23,010 new members have joined the Church and there have been 781 deaths. The church organisa- tion embraces 12 apostles, CS patriarchs, 3825 " seventies," 333 high priests, 11,000 elders, 1500 bishops, and 4400 deacons. Amona reports a membership of 2204, Idaho is not reported, but has, it is stated, double the number of members of Arizona. Eighty-one missionaries have been appointed to go on missions to Europe and the United States. Eighteen of this number have been set apart for missions in the Southern States, where the Church is meeting with considerable success in increasing its membership. The Southern convertsarebeing colonised mainly in Colorado. Altogether, the Mormons, by their own account, are " doing nicely." Tun leaders of the Salvation Army took advantage of the New Year's holiday (says the Melbourne Argus) to commemorate the anniversary of the starting of the movement in Victoria, the first recruits having been enlisted at Hotham and Collingwood just twelve months ago. Yesterday's demonstration served to show the remarkable progress which the army has made. The different corps mustered at their respective barracks early in the morning, and marched to the Exhibition building,. which had been engaged for the occasion. The contingents were from the following localities : -Hotham, Prahran, South Melbourne, Little Bourke-street, Collingwood, Ballarat, Geelong, and Sandhurst. Service was held in the main hall at 11 o'clock, the army numbering over 1000, and the visitors bringing the total attendance up to about 3000. The meeting was led by Major Barker, assisted by Staff Captain Gibbs, from Tasmania, and the Kew J. F. Horsley, chief of the staff. The whole of the arrangements were under the supervision of Captain Rodgers. The services were of the usual character, consisting of singing, prayers, and an exhibition of trophies. The trophies were some of the army's most noted converts, who came forward on the platform and related their experiences and the particulars of their conversion. One speaker, a well-known member of the criminal class, stated, amongst other things, that he had been twenty-six years in the colony, and had spent twenty-three Christmas days in gaol. While meditating a burglary about six months ago, he happened to stroll into one of the army's meetings, and was buried from his evil was s by hearing an old gaol companion describe the efficiency of his conversion to the principles of Christianity. Another " trophy " informed his hearers that last Christmas Day was the first one for sixteen years on which he had been sober. The proceedings in the early part of the day continued until 1 o'clock. Another meeting was held in the afternoon, when there was even a larger attendance than in the morning. The main hall in the evening presented ever by imposing effect. It must have contained nearly 10,000 people, and was brilliantly lighted and prettily decorated with flags and tree ferns. The singing of some of the choruses was accompanied on the part of nearly all present with the waving of white and red handkerchiefs, and this was a very peculiar birt pleas- ing addition to the general effect. Great enthusiasm was displayed by the speakers, whose utterances, however, were only audible to a few, and the proceedings throughout were of a most orderly character. SIGNOR CAOLI'S operatic season in San Francisco was a failure. Signora Boy Gilbert was much liked, and was recommended by the Press to seek an engagement as a member of Mapleson's company in New York. 