Alf ©CEAW WAIF. ,, , ••:.-BMiwimm - ' . • :- . MI .WAS,s600nd.mate at the iime>" began Mr.; HumphreylRoband, who related to ns the fol . lowing story," and our vessel was a bark, named the Eagle. We were bound from New port, in Monmouthshire, to Cape Town,-with a cargo of icon, and then we were to go on to Melbourne, and thence to Caliao. Beside me, there were <3aptaui Blaokett, the^master, -and; Josiah Bitting, the chief mate, along with fifteenor Sixteen hands iorwardsmcludlng the idlers- and^taMng ns ^l rdoiid;IdoE'i ±ijiijk that :eTer^ ofan Englishport* Xhere Tr-asn^taforeigiier among us; there was no growlmg,no loafing; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it -was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a hsjjpmess to watch fee execution of it. Well, wo left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, m the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but brightness-overhead and blue water under us, made feathery by the whipping of the breezes which blew, sometimes nor' cast and sometimes nor' west, coming now ana again a trifle fresh, but never so strong as to cause us once tofarlthe mainroyal day or night. We saw nothing of the trade wand till we were in about latitude degrees north, and then, after blowing us along fo/ a spell, it failed usonemormng with slowly: falling: glass and a long, ugly grey swell commg out of the sou' west. and a sort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er with-haze that might have-passed lor the draining? from smelters' chiiroieys. 'Amid this the sun hung like-a huge jelly-fish; a-shapeless: oozing of bnghtness, with scarce enough of power ai htm to put a streak of Jight into the brow of; the swell that swung heaving: up tall out of j the-rLe'ai horizon, 'with , summits that "£eemed to he" faying to wash the yellowatam he-made" out • »f : the yault . of the sky. There was: a qneersrdell'ofto ter about; whioh came up m whifis when the rolling of the bark-made white water alongside,and, spite, of the sky being tlnn enough to let the ghost of the sun show through, there was a look overhead that made you think- that; if -it was night, you?d see green lightning playing about ov?r the mastheads, like the dartmge of -the - phosphorus from the ship's side - in -black water,when you're in the tropies and the mght hes dead upon the breathless'bosDin cf the ocean. ' ' . . .". "Well, what these-,plam?signs- betokened: c'ame to pass right enough. The glass Trent: on dropping, and the swdl came along m a wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock ;that afternoon^ there was scarce more daylight visible then you'll find in the last hngermgs of twilight ashore. We were snagged down to lower top-sails,-iho yards square; for there 'was no call to bracethem one way or another when for hoars there hadn't been a breath oi wind;-no;- sir; not so -mnch as to give a flutter to the vane -at the royal- mastheadj ^avnig •what the barqueigava herself byrthe sweep ,of -her spars. AJlhandsTfere on deck, standing ihy.::tatowmg; thais-someihings-was i-houndvio. happsn/butmcapableiofiguessingifromwhat quarter it meant to come. It was as much as-we could-do-to-see. one another's faces. The strain on the spars and rigging was something fearful •wIth.theirolhng;sand;in the gloom-overhead-yon :eotfld;iiear :ihe creaking and complaining, iho .-squealing:- of .-.^sheaves/ -the groanmg of -jarrals. and trusses; -At iour •o'clock,-or thereabouts, the.-wind;swept down upon us in a bodj, right in the-wake of the -moving wall -insa.short .time, -and before the clewhnes could be manned the ioretspsail blew up and burst into .smithereens.'just hke ;one of ihose:-«lastio .air- baUs.when .filJed -too full. - It ^was a terrible tempest.--1, who have seen some learful weather ib my time, will. #aie jayaffida?jt^3at.-» jwcrsestorm oft-wind never. raged than that It picked the sea up and made wheels of the waves that looked—1; don't say-they were—but that looked to he, forty-or fifty JEeet high. The Eagle was fall .-of -iros,»very-fleep,-aEdlabored'heayily, in tons of water forward, i>o that the under;: deck forecastle was scarcely to be come at bythe men through the scuttle. In the troughs; : during the weather rolls, the barque would; 2ay so far over to windward that it was] " " " hold his: that"she could hoist herself, out clear of that .terrific, white* soaring, -flashing arch before-it; rolled its enormous volume clear over her.: ®nt .the .Eagle-was-a'igood Sea-boat, having flaring bow that forced the "head -surges -to; throw her up, and a swell of the sides that; made her .cork-like on^chc. lean .--of. a twenty-' foot hill of water. Had she been of the; ordinary tank shape it must have been all •ftflb-Jto ien feetf:above:therinast-coais;-with: the watch- on, deck in: the. weather-rigging;; and the mastet and mates _ keeping a lookout in 'the cabin and conning her by the tell'-: tale. ,, . J Tor three days we had terrible weather;: :thenit;broke, the'Wmd veereUto due«ast,and; afterblowing a donble-reefed topsailbreeze-for; twon^-fonrhourB settled awayinto the northeast and blew along steady and blight again' into the trade Wind It,was a Wednesday, the: mormng.wateh-and-Ihad charge ofthe- deck.- Daybreaklound us under a ioretopmast.stuh' '".:i,ll.c fL" cl«ar, a'.a ihc cad lb gw?rp i.>moonlHfnt with t> c oav n. The tea t,^ o ilrn, ^ths v 4rjide <a dtHl3s-solln3g m-'puSs-'-of-Vapor •<athwart'the:stars:overheadandaii : tliewest;-and ithe horizon ahne as black as - you eould - produee- byihe.sweep.ofaipairof-compasses:: dipped;ln:india ihkssIjstepped-Sver to leeward; to have a lookatthe sea-nnder the-foot *>f the i mainsail,--and- justithenthe-arch.-of the sun-; jutted up and sent a long beam of silver .light flashing- acTOSS'-the- oeean,:the ..estremityof: whichsparkled vupon:an object that .appeared; white and glistening in the radiance. It bore. about fourpointsonthelee boW.ifetchedthe; glass and : took-a-4ook. ; --She: was a vessel,'Of; wlatrig-I.couldnotdistinguish; hut apparently: under/small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit andthen had another look. I now. fancied I-coffld delect signs of confusion aloft, ; but of this I could not yet be sure, though the- •smailcanras sheBhowedmade herappearanee singular considering the fine weather. -Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and Ire •; ported -the sail to him. He pointed the tele • scope at her and said ' It seems a case of distress Your sight's better than mine, have you made out anything resembling a color ' ' No, sir.' ' Well, we will bear down and see" whafie the matter.: Keep.her away,'-he called out to the fellow atthe wheel; and at the same: time.I sung out to the watch to lay aft and. brace the yards in a trifle This was done, and; theTessel brought about apomton our lee bow. It was not long before we were able to make her out very plainly with the glass Itwasnow seen: that jshe was a small, full-rigged ship,-.of abouteight hundred tons; hei three lower top- and her wheel and all boats Were gone. She: had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full-of water. Ih the lower.mizzen rig-: -ging theEnghsh ensign had been seized, union down; and thereit blew, flickermg likea-flame, mainng as strong an appeal .for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands Well, we shortened sail, and approached hei, keeping ashai$lookoutforanythmgthatshonld?esemble -a humanhemg; -but there was nothing in; that way to be seen. There -was a longiEh deckhouse aft, and the remains of another one forward. There me sot much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slow slant now j andagamthat-hovea space of her.wet side into the sua and made herJBash out hke a beacon. She.looks to. beabandonedjEir,' says -I to'the" eaptam. ' Why, yes,!that'sherappearane®,-cei:-; taihly,' Bays he. 'But it's a fine morning; no "' harm can be done by your stepping aboard and giving hei a biief^overhaul' So the bark's ' maintopsail wasiaid to the mast, a boat lowered, and three .hands pulled, me aboard; the; -wreck. Two men clambered over the rail after me leaving one in charge cf the boat. - We stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raffle, ropes,, staves,- and; casks, and thehke, the main hatches were-ofi,; T as if the crew had been jettisoning her ca go, her port bulwarks forward of the mam .riggmg-iifrere /Smashed^^ihish;;wi.th:,the"deek;- anii altog<S:her she had the most wrecked ;and,; sfrainjed; appearance. tliatramostr.^everl' Saw- in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out' Anybody aboard here but the only answer thai came was the sound; :o£ the, .streaming. of the wind through the • rigging', "and the bubbling and?wasMng noise. of tlie water over the side., 'No fear as to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the; men. 'An empty coffin eoald'ht be more destitute of life.' I stepped to the door of the deck house and looked in. There -was no appearance of injury here. A table went down it, with;ftxett chairs on . one side and a locker on the other, and on the port side was; a row of cabins, five or sis, I think. The door of this deck-house swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, M'll just step in and see if X can come across; any papers belonging to her,'fori most tell you • .there was no. n$,me on- her bows, and whatever might have been written on her stern, was -under water; but scarce had I uttered the .above observation when a sort of thm, wailing crycame from one of the cabins. ' Hello 1' says one of the men, ' the crew has gone aud left poor pussy behind. Pussy 11 says I, who had caught the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it, there was no mistak-; lug ; '.that's no cat, lads.* • Follow, me,' And: I walked straight to the ,cabin, from -which the sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw just the kind of sight my mind seemed to have been prepared, by the cry we had-heard.-to - witness. : The cabin-was a bit couple of bunks. There were some'female :^arments"<jnthe> deck, along ::withan infant's ieedmgbottle,broken,-andafewotherdomestic odds and ends only met with at sea when; ; there are women aboard..- As we entered a ' seeondemall, wailing cry .came from the upper bunk, and, looking, wo spied a dead woman in it, with her:, right arm .east round a baby nine or ten months old. It was impossible to;tel! that she was dead till we drew -close and-:saw- the : -signs ;plain.\She was a .young woman; not more than-twenty^six : or twenty^ seven, the hair yellow, and m life I don't doubt she had been pretty enough, but now her. face was so'strangely White that-she might have -passed for a - figure . jvorked in plaster-of-Fans. "Shehahy was too young to eit up; he. lay—-it was:a :boy, 8ii-^he -lay m Jiisdeadmother's arm, giving nowand. again the queer cry wc had heard, ,:the ..wail an infant.utters after it lias exhausted. itself in crymg forhours. ' I picked-liiin np out of the hunk,-and- found -him -wetffthrough; -and 'his flesh hkestonev-forthe-cfflld.lfi clothesf^if . woman .were his .mother, whichj-It'don'tj'doubt-^were- straaming-.-wet;' too, and,this niade .us .suppose, that she had been driven from the deck-by thowaslimg water,.. and had -entered her -cabinvfiiid lain -t-ttiThe fmen-6pokey.hurriedly5i about »how.it ciinc to pasB.that these two should have been 3eft a3one .in . :the wreck., - Who-,was' she? -said -there tos .no -accounting,for, what^hap -pened.at sea;. She might.ha.ve been the wife of the mas&, who was droOTcdm tho storm, and left no one to-iookafter her; or allhands or the craw might have forgotten her when ffie^mwjdead^lfsaj^;^ -toflneofrthem^nnamediJippertoholdwliilBt Xpulled off my Coat to wrap the little chap u ,jn;ior,.-he:trembled^e a'shivermghirdiiwitl the,cold, and-liept on waihng, as if ourhandl- :inghun;and-,the!..Bound:Of:ourvoices had:put. a bit of life into him. We looked hurriedly into the other cabins, but they were empty, and. Tve could find no papers. There was no ®oodhnngmgthe ;dead!motheriaIong iwith us •lo'imiy; the .ship She .was in washer rightful coiBn, and being -very deep, with her mam -hatch open, I rightly reckoned that the next; hit of-sea that go tup would sink the wiecklast enough. I don't say as I didn't -mumble a prayer as I came away hoidingthe little chap, rflt wasianKaffectmg>-sight;.to ;see that' young. woman lying there so lonely—quite recently -, dead, as Tve might suppose by her little one bemg-ahveand -when I took a last peep at her I almost felt as ;if she knew that I was taking her baby away from her. Werhanded . ,the;3nfantmto theboatjand-shoved off-for the •barqse thut lay hove ito-waitwg ior aa shout half a mde to leeward. ' Whathsve you there;; ,ilr. Uobani? 3 ismgS:Tout Gapt;-Blackett, :-Iean-- mg over the rail. A baby, sir,' I answers, s.nd.1 pulled niy coat.-a bit open-to let him see ;t0SBmg:ehiS:, han&B.; \- 'Ijook -sharp -and ::get aboard " All hands were looking ovei the -sideiwhen I handed-the baby up, and there -went a deal" of hoarse whispering among the :,men:astfiey4>ressed3orward!-to.;see.. : the-w^fi-; 2 carried him to the captain—the worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship j he jnflled off his cap M.^, aweS J>y the,^misery -and,,suffering: that was 'typified jby the bairn, and his; .^es.-finea.iimth&tearsias;'iiher- gazed^Sown;:; - •upon .it. v^And the ; mother hes dead-. yonder, Mr, Roband?' says ho, pomfang to the wreck. 'Ay, sir,'says I. ' Godreceiveheri' •says he. ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr.. Roband ?' - Why, 1 -have two" of any ,-own, J .-r,answered; .^but I sras-so. much; -away at • sea ^vhen- theywera-httle;-ones that'I" can't: say Ivever. had a chance of watcliing .what jnycwife did:to' ? em'to^eep'em healthy. But what wc have to do .with the. baby," says: I, 'is to feedhim and get him .warm at once.' ' Then take him below—take himhelow, Mr.: Roband,' ccries. the -eaptam m-a; tremulousvoice. ... 'Give him your, attention, six,- and aiever. mind- about your duties until you've s got,this poor little creature -into shipshape-; condition.' Well, I cained him to my cabm, and sung out to the-.steward to-help me. un-- dress.hun, for the thought of handhng^this frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking m the, masts of a two-thousand-ton ship than' the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and my fingers were squareedged, and we had to be very careful in haul • mg out the,safety pms and clearing the little ohap of the things he was dressed in. He cried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him; but: the steward, said: 'No, I know the:-nature of infants; it would be unnatural if they d'dn't ciy, it's a fashion .their lungs have of growing ' ' Are you sura 5 ' says I. , ' Cocksure,' says he; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Roband V Then the. baby was wrapped up m one of my flannel: shirts, that being, softer than any- blanket we had aboard, the steward went and warmed somj Swiss mrik at the galley fire ; and-while I was sitting wait^ig for - the - steward,. wjilr the baby lying on„my knees, the captain: comes in. • God help this poor little one I says he; 'what-age would you take him to be; Mr. Roband ?' ' Hot - a .year .old,' says I. i* Mot a year-old 1' he-cried ; ' how wonderful are the ways of Providence that a tmy bubble, of humanity hke this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellowl who filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas, annd- whose hollows you observe the "little stormy -petrel -securely flying. 1 The steward arrived with the . warm milk, and a spoon,.and -we turhed- to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it wa a no good ; I couldn't get the milk down hia tbioat; it capsized down his neck, and hiB being ravenous and crying made "the job more difficult.. ' Here, give me hold, sir.' said the steward; so I - put the- baby , on his kneer Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a; bit thehttle chap fell- asleep, whereupon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. ;,' Sir, we - had some hopes of his thriving after this. He. was; a sort of a trial in his way, fcrhe wanted washing and dressing and feeding ..and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers iior the understanding for such work. He was a beautiful: boy. -I never saw finer eyes m an infant;' blue as.the heavens under whichw;e were sailing; and lovely-a httle. figure; .sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to; undress him 1'dlet-him lie naked on a flafinel shirt stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of ft tear, hke a parched.pea, down my cheek; would make me feel that i was acting the fool, and allowing, thoughts of my home and this hairn's I6helihess;-to' tr6uble ; ine too much. He had but the clothes we found him m; so the Captain and I gave each of us a soft calico .shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the . needle, a cnap named Claw, to/ihake into a cbuple/of stuts bf .lihen for the baby; andTthis'.and-'siknitted waistcoat and a swathmg; of flannel round his little starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and eomfoftable. - We all .got mighty fond of him: We'd brmghim on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on the ensign when the: weather was fine and warm, and then you'd see him kicking - up his legs - in the" sunshine, toastmgjhis tihy-toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could be rendered,. Ha .begot astrong home feehng- m us all, and you'd: see the movmg fancies he'd pat iKto the meri 'as they'd creep' aft—and I never pretended to notice them— to have a- look at -the- httie 'un. Many a stream of tobaeco :juiee' I've seen theih sliuirt overhoard fromjhe quarterdeck after watcW ihg the; baby, as if their hearts were too full to suffer -em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, sir;-thero came an end to this. - It must have been the ,cut- f ting of a tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it, and we thought him ail right, and I left him. sleeping and looking comfortable enough.in my bunk while I went on deck. - We were then in latitude 28 degrees south, in the tail of the trade wind. I had been on dcck two hours, when the steward came up through the companion, and, approaching me slowly and speaicihg very solemnly, he saya •: Mr. Roband;' he says, httle Jimmy,' that was the name he want byv Little: Jimmy,* . he says,' has gone to jme his mother^ - vl start^; and, ; said : :'"'.What's t^ you say ?' He 'answered:: 'Our little uns dead, sir;' :I ran- below and ionnd the eaptam in my caorn looking at the baby that lay a corpse in. my hunk. I had grown wonderfully, fond,pf : thehairn> sir,:and the sight broke me down, and one or twohaaving-sobs came from me, no -mora to be helped -by me than the tightness m my throat. - -.' Oh, sir,-it was as :if a'beautiful httle Indian bird that you. had -cherished' -and tlookea after had died of the'. :<5ape coldin spite: of your love. Only this vwasan:-immortal*heing,'af,:fellow,creatnre,-:a httlerbaby that we had plucked frem the very hnnk of anocean grave mto which his mother'^ sdeadiembraee-was draggmg him;-,and wehad. learned to love- him.' 'Ho • is gonel'.-said Captam 'Blackett;- ' 1 tj3:God , fl.:-wil!i|Mr. Roband. We chd our duty by-him—we could :nothavedonemore.' 'AYeme.jte.ke it^eix, that Ins mother wanted him,' says the steward;::-, i Ay, isteward;.and her-entreatyhas) been answered;'say3thecaptain, with aglancb \- "I could not take any hand m equipping the httle mite for his ^funeral. I ,was too ••mu<h : npBet,":,sir.'^ hammock for hun, and they put his hands ;.together,:and,smoothed>^hehttle:-'Wreathsot; yellow hair upon" hiB headland- dressed him mrclean things, and, before he was stitched up, all hands lay aft to say good-bye, ands ne'er a man among them that entered the cabin but'stopped to give the httle cold face a kiss before leaving. We kept him till uest day, and buried him after-eight bells had been made. It was a green, windy, -glistening ; morning, the emerald seas ran at us, melting in froth as they came, and the shadows of the men gathered-around the gangway swayed.at,: .our feet as the bark rolled over the surges and the danewg.sun darted beams hke,spears of light from the clouds through which he swung. Oh, sir! the contrast of that httle hammock upon the grating with the huge grave that was to receive it 1 The service was almost more than some of us conld^bear, ; Td . see the men turn -their heads away and look down; and when at last lt-came to the .passage .that's a~ signal • at > sea. for. the : tiltmg,;3)f the body into the water, we all let our breath out in a- sob as :the : iiny "hammock : spedibke-a snowflake over :.ihe > Bide -and . vamshedm the: slant of a sea whose breaking summit flashed . a rainbow over the spot."- rLondon Telegraph. 