We have received the first number of the Liberator, a weekly radical, and free thought paper, edited by Joseph Symes, publislied at Melbourne on the 1st iuSt. In its introductory article it is stated that the paper . is started in the interests of freedom, not licence, not lawlessness, but such freedom for every one as is con sistent with the rights of all. It is daring enough in its assertions of its disbelief in revealed religion, and in its challenge to the clergy of Australia to put to flight the editor of the Liberator. He says he will not spare their dogmas. What he and his coadjutors can-do to destroy Christianity will be done. ' He offers nothing to replace Cliiisti anity but freedom to all to think as best they can upon any subject- He denounces the faith of Christians as a' false and mischievous 'system, immoral and debasing in its teachings and effects,, denies the truth of the Scriptures, and then challenges ' the Christian world to prove by discussion on the platform the truth /of the faith any religion, no 'basis for any belief, he challenges these who have to prove his course of action inconsistent and erro neous. He says ' It may be blasphemy to speak against the- Church of England and its formularies,' and he asserts that ' the history of that church exhibits little else but crime, fraud, and oppression. It niay be blasphemy to try to bring the Christian religion into contempt, and yet that is what most of its professors have been doing for many ages, and we intend to assist them. Of course, their dis honest and hypocritical action will be applauded by the multitude, while we shall meet with nothing but rancorous condemnation for the honest and straight forward course we pursue.' These ex tracts should be sufficient to indicate the wide scope of the conductors of the Libera tor ; the end they have in view, and their hopfes of success. They need help— the help of open advocates of the cause, and they need money. On our own behalf, and for our fellow countrymen we claim full legal liberty for the Press. Any man is free to speak or to write and publish whatever he chooses of another, subject only to this, that he shall take the consequences should a jury deem his words defamatory. This is what is meant by ' the liberty of the Press.' Lord Kenyon shortly puts it thus : — ' A man may publish anything which twelve of his countrymen think is not blame- able.' It is a misdemeanor, punishable by indictment and by criminal informa tion, to speak, or write and publish any profane words vilifying or ridiculing God. Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost, the Old or New Testament, or Christianity in general, with intent to corrupt the public morals, to shock and insult believers, or to bring the established religion of the country into contempt. The existence of such an intent is a question of fact for the' jury, and the own of proving lies on the prose cution. The best evidence of such an intention is usually to be found in the work itself. If it is full of scurrilous and opprobrious' language ; if sacred subjects are treated with offen- sive levity ; if indiscriminate abuse is employed instead of argument, then a malicious design to wound the religious sensibilities of others may be readily inferred. If, however, the author abstains from ribaldry and licentious reproach, a similar design may still be inferred if it be found that he has deliberately had resort to sophistical arguments, that he has wilfully misrepre sented facts within his knowledge, or has indulged in sneers or sarcasms against all that is good and noble ; for then it is clear that he does not write from con scientious conviction, but desires to pervert and mislead the ignorant, or at all events that he is criminally indifferent to the distinctions between right and wrong. Every man may fearlessly advance any new doctrines, provided he does so with proper respect to the religion and' government of the country. The law does not interfere with differences of opinion ; it interposes only where the very root of Christianity is struck at. We are of opinion that the editor of the Liberator has gone far outside those wholesome lines of demarcation already,^ and therefore. elaborate criticism' upon his production is out of the question. The Wesi Coast Goldfields. — Mr W. J. Johnstone, of the firm of John stone and XViliuot, brought into town yesterday 228 ounces of rich rough gold from the Waratah branch of the Bank of Tasmania to the manager of the bank here. This gold was sold in small par cels to storekeepers for supplies to the miners, who part with it reluctantly, being in the -practice of hoarding JitVup ? and forwarding it to Melbourne for sale there in large parcels. They cm obtaiu more for the gold in that way, as they have neither exchange nor insurance to payV wliile -the banks have * to pay both.; insurance at a half per cent, is a rather handicapping iteiii on £500 worth of gold. The insurance on values above £1000 is moderate, merely a fourth per cent. It is to be regretted that diggers on alluvial goldfields can' neither be 'induced nor compelled to give official notice of the quantities of gold they obtain in the colony. Tlie desire for concealment is disadvantageous to the countiy, while it cannot be beneficial to ? the miners. If their numbers were increased they would have stronger claims for outlay in opening . up the country, forming roads, and ' thus placing provisions and other ' supplies within their reach at moderate prices. National Mutual Life Association of Australasia. — On the 23rd May last (says the Insurance mvl Baaldng Record). a banquet was held in the new buildings | lately erected in Victoria Square, Ade laide, by the National Mutual Life Asso- . ciation of Victoria,' to inaugurate 'the ' erection of the structure. The Hon. J. Carr, the local chairman of directors,, pre sided, there being on his right Sir H. Ayers, K.C.M.G. , Alderman Moubray, the Chief Secretary, and the Mayor of Adelaide; and on the left, the Hon. ,E Langton, the Treasurer ; Mr A. H Young, the Commissioner of Crovm Lands,'; and the Hon. A. Hay, M.L.C. , After the loyal toasts had been honored, ', the. Chairman proposed ' The Ministry,' which was responded to by the Hon J. C. Bray, who in the course of liis remarks stated that the Ministry and the Parlia ment both recognised the value of such institutions as that, of the National Mu tual Company of Australasia, and the late Parliament; in 1S82 passed an act to pro tect the policies of life insurers from the , rule of the Insolvency Court. . By that act policies of over two yeirs were pro tected to the extent of £200, those over fivfe years to the sum of £500,;and those for seven years and upwards to the extent of £1000. The Mayor if Adelaide (Mr W. Bunedy, J.W,) proposed ' The Parliament,' which was responded to by Sir Henry Ayers 'for the; Legislative Ohuricil and Mr Basedow for the- House' of Assembly. ' The Hon. W. H. Bundey, Q.C., next proposed ' The' Natkmsd' 'Life Associa±ioirof~A3istraiasia, Limited.' After referring to the new .edifice, he stated that tie association 'which had erected that handsome buildipg ' wis first 'established in tlie year 1869; and lie' regretted ; that Mr T-empleton, its ! founder, was liot there that-evenini*!1 He believed that in- 1869 there was only one company. in ex'stence which carried . on business . on similar principles. He ha$ also to claim for Mr Tempieton, without t trespassing- on- the .right of : others, tlie honor o£ having ? introduced one of ; the . bestprinciples.ever.embodied in^n insti-j tution of- this, iclass— the non- forfeiture clause. It had always appeared to,-^him to be monstrous that if a man had. been paying premiums 'for, say 20 years, Tand then should cease for a time to 'be able to continue tliem, that 'a conipaiiy should be. able to possess itself of all its funds and give , nothing back. By the alteration that iiad been introduced by Mr Temple: ton 'and adopted by the association, when a vpe'rspn was not able to pay' liis pre miums, the' amount which -had been re-! ceived from him in the past was devoted to keeping up his payments until a jtime when that amount ran out, or until 'ihe date when he was in; 'a '''position to tender the sum whibh 'he;owed as premiums, witli interest addedj-his policy then being as isrood as evev it had been.' He * understood that the present assur ances of the company exceeded £5,000,000, the annual income was £150,000, and the funds invested were over £300,000, while the assurances granted exceeded annually £100,000. He believed he was quite correct in stating that these figures were not exceeded but by only two ' or three companies in Great Britain. The motion was seconded by. .the Hon. E. Langton, wild made a lengthy speech on the pros perity of the association. The remainder of the toasts' were, ' Kindred Societies,' '' Prosperity to' South Australia,' The Press/' and the ' Chairman,' after wliich the proceedings were brought to a close. He .-'Would Sisg. — All; ..enthusiastic warbler of the Salvation Army hymns appeared yesterday at the Police Court in the .capacity of. plaintiff in an action against his late employer, Mr Richard Miller, to recover £1 5s compensation claimed by him for having been dismissed, as he asserted, without a week's notice. In his evidence he stated positively that he.did not -know why lie was dismissed, but being subjected to cross-examination by Mr F. C. Hobkirk, who appeared for '? the- defendant, he owned to the 1 soft ' impeachment that he was sing- 1 | ing Salvation - Army songs, and that j | his master asked- him to desist, but to this * the warbler turned a deaf ear, remarking I to -the Bench, ' I did not think it necessary to str.p.' The Bench con- ? ? sidered it, however, time to stop the case ;l | by dismissing the information, remarking I that the complainant had wilfully dis obeyed his employer's commands. ; The discomforted youth retired minus, not only the £1 5s claimed, but 7s Cd costs, a sadder, and let us hope for the future a wiser man. Salvation songs may be very well in. their place, but where they are shouted out by employes to the anuov ance of - employers, it is time the former were taught a: salutary lesson, and the Police Magistrate acted with judgment in , dismi-ssing the ease so promptly. ! ' Gulf of. Papua. — The agents request that, all claims against the above vessel be ; rendered in duplicate by to-morrow, or they will not be aecognised. A Sad Bereavement.- — The old saying, ' That troubles, never come singly,' was never more mournfully verified than in the affiictionwliich has recently overtaken the family of a 'much respected tradesman InSjr^ali^reetr^ ot Mr Joseph Howaid-Merison ,who expired ^jhJtbndayi' after^ short-jilneas. Thede ceased leaves a widow who was only recently confined, and eleven children to mourn the loss of a steady, industrious and affectionate husband and father. To add to the cause for sympathy which is universally expressed and felt by those acquainted with the circumstances, we understand that the eldest daughter was removed to the hospital a day or two ago, sufferina from typhoidf ever. The late Mr Howard-Merissn had been in business as a painter, plumber, paperhanger, etc., in Launceston for over 20 years, and during that period gained -the respect of all with whom he came, in contact. He has been suffering from failing health for a length ened period. St. Frakcis Xavier'sakd St.Patbick's Seminary, Margaret-street. — The fol lowing in connection with the master of i the above school, we have much pleasure : in transferring to our columns from Our contemporary, the Melbourne Herald : — : ' Mr James li. Kennedy, who lias lately completed a most successful aud honor able scholastic career at St. Patrick's Col lege, Melbourne, conducted by the Jesuit Fathers, and who has been appointed master Of 'the Boys' Catholic School at Launceston, was, on Tuesday evening last, the recipient of a handsome ' testi monial at the hands of his late felloiv- j collegians. Mr Healy, in making the presentation, spoke in feeling terms of the j manner in wliich Mr Kennedy had en deared himself to his collegiate friends, and earned the respect of all whom .lie came in contact with by his mo 3 est, courteous, and unassuming de- ' meanour, his brilliant intellectual attainments, and the nobility of his mural character. Mr James M'Leau also presented Mr Kennedy with a token of the esteem in which he » as held by his late master, under whose able tuitiou Mr Kennedy achieved his academic honors. Mr Kennedy' expressed, in a few well chosen sentences, Ills thanks and the com pany having wished him bon voyage and eveiy success and liappiness in his new sphere, the proceedings were brought to a close. ? The presentations, which con sisted Of some handsomely- bound volumes, were made in one of the rooms of St.' Patrick's College.' From testimonials which the above-mentioned gentleman possesses, we understand he is an under graduate ot the Melbourne University,; and has passed in Greek, with ' honors'.; in Latin, .French, . -English, Arithmetic, Algebra, and Geometry. . The Immigrants.— The Northern con tingent of immigrants to the number of 52 left 'Hobart yesterday per express, arriving safely at their various destinations of Longford, Deloraine, Thomas' Plains, and Launceston. There were 27 nomin ated and 25 assisted. Of those dominated four went to Thomas' Plains, six to Deloraine, and three to Longford. There - are open for engagement only two families and four single men, staying at Bishop's Hotel, Wharf, -where they may be seen for engagement to-day, from 10 until 2 and from 2 until 4 p.m.. Of the two married couples, one is a joiner and carpenter, and the; other a miner. Of the single men, one is a miner, two wharf and dock laborers^ and - one a gardener. : An Oil-beabxng Shell.— The practice of pouring oil on troubled sea-Water lias led Mr Gordon, of Dundee, to design a shell which can be fired from-a mortar, and which in bursting spreads the oil it carries over . the sea. . The shell is fitted j with two fuses, which are sot alight by the explosion in the sun, and burn al though the shell is under water. On the bursting of the shell the oil spreads over' the surface, producing smooth ' wa'er. The device was recently tried with suc cess, ' the object , being to still the.sea between two ships in order to let-a boat' pa«s from one to the other. The shell fired from the ship carrying it (and eveiy ship might carry a few) burst between the vessels and calmed the waves with the oil. Hunting. — The hounds are advertised to meet at Deloraine on Saturday next, at 12 o'clock noon. The manager of the rail way ; has promised that members and their horses shall have return tickets at single fares. The following meet will be at the Nile on. 5tli July, at 12 o'clock noon. We hear Echo, who was lost on Saturday, turned -up at- SV'-anstead, and was forwarded back to Campbell Towij, I where he was well cared for. , f ^ ' Official Reports ^Received. — We have received from the Chief Secretary's office : ! — ' Report' of Campbell Town Hospital for 1883 ; report on vaccination for 1883 ; Government Laboratory Report for 1883 ; and report on Rabbit a' id Cattle Disease in Tasmania, by Mr Anfliony Willows') M.R.C.tr.S., London, New South \Vales__G.overnment Veteri 1} I , . , ' I y ^ i The Defuty Subvesob'Gekera'l.-— Mr C. P. Sprent, Deputy Surveyor -General and Deputy - Commissioner of Crown Lands, willbe:in attendance at the Survey Office Public Buildings, Launceston, from'. ?10 till half-past 2'o'clock, on Friday next, for the purpose of furthering business in the Survey and Lands and Works depart--' monk . 1 'I City School. — We remind our readers {that this evening the City School Debating Club will give a varied entertainment at the'Tileclianics' Institute, and that the final rehearsal will take place this morning at half-past 10. The object being to pro vide funds for tlie erection of a Gymnasium in'the boya' playground. . .'There isials'ovto be a distribution of-prizes, some of which are very valuable, and- will be .presented to the successful competitors by His Worship the Mayor, Mr Adye Douglas, BLx Cuming, and several (other gentlemen. School duties will be resumed on Thurs day, July. 3. Football.— The City first 20 will jour ney to Hobart on Friday next, where they will meet the Railway team on the following day. The former are requested to be at the Railway Station by 2 '30 on Friday afternoon, and all football mem bers' can obtain certificates from the Sec retary of the City- Club, eo that they may be able to secure excursion tickets to Hobart and see tlie match. The names of the team selected will be published to morrow. A match will also take place on the -Windmill Hill on Saturday between the-Alberts -(second) and Union Clubs ? Masonic. — The Lodge of Hope, 61 E.C., met last night at 7'30 for installation at the old lodge-rooms, Cameron-street, when over 60 persons attended, including a large muster of visitors: The Deputy D.G. Master and several officers of the D.G'. Lodge were present. P.M. Bro. G. Smith acted as installing master. The following officers were appointed : — W. M. , John Taylor; S.W., M. Susman ; J.W., Jas. Brickhill ; treasurer, J. F. Hobkirk ; sepretary, W. Horne ; S.D., H. R. Carter; J.D., R. S. Scott ; stewards, A'. Jones, r L. G. Corrie ; LG., C. H. F. Shearn ; O.GJ, John Brickhill. A vote of thanks was passed to the choir of the Lodge of Perfect Unanimity, who rendered several anthems. P.M. Brother E. H. Power acted as organist, performing on a fine cabinet organ kindly lent by Messrs. M'Phail and Weymouth. At the con clusion of the ceremonies the members arid visitors adjounied to the Club Hotel where an excellent ' repast was provided by Host Talmage. A verypleasant even- j 'followed, speeches and plenty of harmony being indulged in. - — ? A' Vicious Eat.— In the local with the above heading Wliich appeared in our yes terday's issue, a mistake was made. It j appears that ' some time ago the child while sleeping, was bitten on the cheek by a mouse, ;-and. not as stated, that his cheek was partly eaten away by a rat. k Practical Botany in Tasmania. — A lecture is to be delivered in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association to-morrow evening, by Mr Hans P. Ras mussen, botanist, on 'The teaching of practical botany in Tasmania, and the benefits to be derived from it." Ladies are specially invited, as in consequence of their natural love for beautiful flowers and plants, the fiar sex take more interest in the science of botany than the majority of the other sex. Tickets may be obtained on application to the members of the Y.M.C.A., or from Mr P. Mahon, presi- dent of the Tasmanian Union Jack Field Club, under whose auspices the lecture is to be delivered. The lecturer, Mr Hans P. Rasmussen, is a native of Schleswig-Hol- stein, a province of Germany, ceded by the Danes after the war in 1864. The young men of the conquered province objected to taking the German oath of allegiance required of each of them, at the age of 16. As Danes, the majority held that they could not conscientiously take the oath and thus make themselves German slaves. Mr H. P. Rasmussen was born 24th May, 1861, matriculated and passed in Botany, at Tandern University, in 1877. Being 16 years of age, he was required to take the oath and refused. With about 150 other young men he was tried by court-martial, and sentenced to pay 150 marks; or undergo 15 days' im prisonment. After that they, were banished, compelled to leave their native country within 24 hours, or suffer further penalities in it. His elder, brother, Mr Neils Benson Rasmussen, had previously been banislied, and pro ceeded to Queensland, where he is at present. Mr H. P. Rasmussen followed him, and landed there penniless, friend- less, suffering from fever, and unable to speak the English language. He knew his brother Neils was in Queensland, but not where to find him, as he was far in the interior. The sufferings of the younger brother were sufficient to have killed any but a man of sound and vigorous constitution. He bore his suf ferings courageously, wrought at the hardest and commonest labor for scant wages and on insufficient food, and came through the ordeal with constitution unimpaired. Although he preferred banishment to submission to the German conqueror, he took the oath of allegiance as an English subject in Queensland last year. The Nord Australiche Zeitung, published in Brisbane last December, says:- "As it has come to our knowledge that Herr Hans P. Rasmussen is about to leave for Melbourne, and intends visiting other colonies, we feel it our duty to wish him all happiness and success, and we hope he will succeed in making as large a circle of friends wherever he goes as he has here in Brisbane. We join them in the hope that we shall yet see him back here again." Several ably written, thoughtful articles on Botany and other subjects have been contributed by Mr Rasmussen to this journal, and we feel confident that his lecture on Botany will prove interesting. As he deals with the practical side of the question we believe it may turn out to be of real value to the colony ; in fact we believe the germ of useful local industries will be found con- tained in the lecture. LadncestoK Volunteer Rifle ItEsi ment. — There , were . about sixty men of all .ranks on parade last night. Major Aikenhead being in command. There weie ako a . good num ber of cadets present. After falling in -in column by the left, the battalion marched past and^fired'a jeude joie with blank cartridge'; after which Sergeant-Major Welsh took command and exercised the battalion till- 9 p.m., when the parade'' was' dismissed. The following regimental orders, which were ' read bn;' parade last Thursday, were read again last night for general information 1st, the Cadet Corps will parade every Tuesday at 7 '30 p.m. instead of Monday ;- Lieutenant Fairthorne will take chatge from this date ; 2nd, an' examination for members of the L.V.R. desirous of, promotion will be held on Thursday, - July 10, at 7 '30 p.m:; 3rd, the regiment will parade' on? Sunday next, 29th,. at 10 15 a.m., for divine service ; at St. Jolm'B Church apd; the Ghurch , of the Apostles.; . The -Cadets iv jU : iparade at the samehour.: . The fol lowing order was also read : — The regiment will ; parade . on Wednesday, ^ July .:2, at 8 '30 a.m. to celebrate the bjrtfcefay of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, the parade will be dismissed , fit: '-12 '30 sharp so :as to give the inen time to reach the Launceston Cricket' Ground for the Garrison Sports. - Major Aikenhead -said lie hoped , to - see every man ? present, i and as each one had taken -the ; oath . :of allegiance to Her Majesty^, it ^tjigkjst amounted to an insult jto her. to be absent from this parade. The bayonet exercise team will meet every evening this week at 7*30 p.m. .. We noticed. a ' heavy weight ' team practising for thfe 'anibularice race at the Garrison Sports last night, and this bi-is fair, to Jie a good competition. ^ ^ . The Recent Frightful Accident!— i The unfortunate little girl, named Hill, -who i it will : be remembered rushed into the street enveloped in |flamep,on Sunday morning,' and was' tamefi'tirth'e Hospital dreadfully burned, died' at 3 o'clock yes terday , morning, at tliat institution.. There was ho hojie from the'first -if saving ?the little £ufferer'.s life, but all that could' ?be done'tib alleviate her sufferings was attempted. '' ''We believe it has not been considered necS¥ary'*1to^i^d^an~inquesl;7 ' ?Choice Tobacco. ^Mr Cr S*; J TaVlbr/ Tobacconist, St.' John-street, has shown us a sauipie ot xne ceieoratea -cross-cut tobacco manufactured by- the well- known firm of 'Duke and Co., Durham, N.C.iJ.S: A.' The tobaccoiis fragrant and pleasant to smoke, and is equally adapted for the pipe or cigarette. -Mr Taylor - has been' - appointed- agent; and we have no doubt will find a ready market -for his recent consignment. Tea Meeting at Young Town.— The : annual tea meeting of the P.' M. Band 'of Hope will be held on 'Wednesday, July 2nd, at 5 p.m.* 