' tu55f topics AND ANTICIPATIONS. Bit ASMODEOS. . Thoso who visited Cauificid Heath last Salnr- day had caaso to feel thoroughly gratified with thoir oxpcrienco of the racing and overything associated thorewith, and by way of further en hancing tho pleasure of tho afternoon's enter- tainmont, tho weather proved of a propitious description. Tho fields were sufficiently largo in tho majority of instances, whilo the open cha racter of tlio contests was so evident as to attach considerahleintorest tothoprobablo destinationof tho principal prizes cmbracod in tho programme. Tho business of tho afternoon opened with the customary display ovor tho small sticks, and so generally wos.Musidora fancied for this event that sho quickly ran to tho top of tho quotations, though on eleventh hour com mission on bolialf of Morri saw tho latter slightly tho hotter favorito of tho two. Tho Morri people mado no mistuko in sup porting their representative, who went to tho front immediately tho Hag fell, and although hard holdall tho way ho was novcr approached, -win ning with considerably ovor a stono in hand. Morri shaped all over liko a Panic, and mado such a signal exhibition of his field that thoro are hopcB of scoing him attain still fnrthor distinc tion, at tho jumping business. Tho Victoria' Gold Cup proved something of n failure, only thros horses coming to tho post, and of these tho popular fancy inclined to l'icklo, who loft tho paddock an oven money chanco. After negotiat ing half a dozen fouces Black Jackot put back his cars and refusod to go any further notwith standing Master Cox's resolute efforts. Tho ox- amplo was followed by Gildoroy a low fences further on, whereupon Mr. Gloss- cock steadied Ficklo into an cxorciso gallop for tho remaindor of tho journoy. No fewer than 31 saddled np for tho big event of tho day, tho Ladies' Trophy, and among such an array of tried candidates it was surprising to find a dis appointing porformorliko St. Lawrenco promoted to tho position of firat favorito. Halcs's appear- anco in tho saddle and tho knowledge of a satisfactory trial with Duonna wore amplo recommondations, however, and some heavy motalwaS in consoquonco entrusted to tho un reliable son of Glorious, though not a few proforred his stablo associate Duenna, dospite tho stablo declaration that tho colt was Aho snporior of tho two at tho woights. Middlomaroh, Stafford and Tho Ghost ntso ,liad thoir rospoctivo followors, each being woll supported, whilo Oupidon, Countryman, Primus, Loporollo and PaUloroo wore not without friends. St- Lawrence held such a backward position in tho first hundrod yards that his fato soon bccamo soalod. Entering tho straight Tho Ghost, Loporello, Stafford, Primus, Duenna, Countryman and Honors, each looked dangorous in turn, but whon fairly in the running Tho Ghost drew right away from the body of tho field, and experienced no difficulty in stalling off a lato run on tho part of Primns and Duenna, both of which camo very fait in tho last CO ynrds. Lcporcilo displayed a rare dash of foot for tho firat four furlongs of 1 ho journoy, but compounded badly when in tho straight, as also did Stafford, Honora and Countrymnn. Tbo Ghost had been a strong local tip for somo timo past, and it iB a singular coincidence that a hor. o oi tho samo name and colors should havo appropriated tho trophy last year. Buouna'a position in tho race favors tho assumption that had St. Lawrenco triod his boat ho would have won, for ho easily put tho filly through earlier in tho week. Not the least interesting ovent of tho day , was tho Steeplechase, for which thoro was a strong field, l'ho occasion was remarkable for tho re-appear ance of Feme, whoso prolongod nbsenco from active servico causod some curiosity regarding him. As in usually tho case with anything that carries Corrigon ha was served up warm, and tho force of monoy eventually brought him , to tho short odds of 3 to 2. Supporters of the favorite received something of a shock when they perceived Fnmo in difficulties at tha first fcnco, where ho was unfortunately run off. This mishap left him fully' 150 yards behind the loadors when Corrigau got him over without much further delay, but so quickly did tho favorito mako up his lost ground that ho occupied a position in tho lea ling' body of tho field as tho contestants raced ovor tho obstacles parallel with the straight running. Tho effort told its talo in tho end, howover, and signs were not wanting to indicato that Famo was badly beaton half a mile from home. Horo Frido, Stampede and Ficklo wore fighting desporatoly, and tho first named coming to griof at tho last fenco, it remained for Fickle and Stampodo to provide an exciting finish, in which Maiono fairly oalrodo M'Leod, end gained a merited victory on Stampede, who kept going to tho end in the same game stylo characteristic of the Fanic race. But for tho mistake male at tho .first fenco Fame would most assuredly have achieved a victory, and ho is likely to mako amends for this mishap tho noxt timo ho appears in public. Australian Court fairly dropped from .tile clouds whon attention was contred in tho ox- citing contcat botwocn Fickle and Stampodo, and looked liko catching tho leaders Gf ly lengths from -home, but tho offort was only spasmodical. After Primus's creditable behavior in tho . Ladies' Trophy ho had a strong gathering who fancied bis chance in tho Richmond Handicap, but his friends reckoned without Black Diamond, who was in a racing humor, and literally walked ini' Tho rear, It was all tho more surprising aitcr tho . winner's inferior display in tho Ladies' Trophy. It iB to bo regrottod that such an ex cellent afternoon's sport should havo terminated with an accident to the jockoy Burton, the rider of Lesbia. Tho contretemps was caused through Duenna falling in front of him, and Bnrton was so seriously-Injured that ho had to bo convoyed to the Alfred Hospital, where ho romainod in a somi-consciouB stato till Tuesday afternoon, when ho rallied somewhat, and hopes are onterlnined of his Ultimate recovery. This was a sad ter mination. to an otherwise cnjoyablo aftornoon's sport. To. 'my mind Flomington racecourse is never seen to better advantage than when it has its winter rug on. At present everything looks jnst as it should look, and givoe promise of a high old time next Spring. On- thoso boautiful, bracing afternoon's, should you havo a conplo of hours to ; spare and take a run out, you will lo delighted with your visit,, for there are a thousand and one things to see and admire. For instaneo, thoro are the numerous baby racehorses— worth I do not know how many thousands of pounds (that's at present) ; and I will stako my reputation that there has never been a finer lot of youngsters than thoso at prcscut locatod around Floming ton (since winter first hung over it. As Mr. Byron Moore's motto is cvidontly Excoisior, you will boastor.iahod to discover that what you con sidered last year to bo tho finest racecourso in the world lias been still furthor adorned almost be yond remembrance. Should you hit a fortuuato timo, you may find Jonathan Brown, Mr.Moore's ablo lioutonant, with a half hour to spare ; and as ho novcr tires ou such occasions of showing visitors around, you will havo a much hotter chanco of viewing tho stand, tho Dill, and thoir nppurtonancca than you havo over had whilst a race meeting was on. Of coarso if you are a sporting man you will know Jonathan whon you seo him ; for to bo a sporting man aud not know Jonathan is to argao onosclf a fossil, and not a man of tho poriod, "A Member of tho Y.It.C." has written to a morning contemporary cpmplaiiiiDg of tho catering at Flomington, and in tho courco of his remarks sayo— " Surely tho worthy secretary could send an official (unknown to tho catoror) to seo that tho inombors and othors are not starYod." As a matter of fact such an official has long hold an appointmont from tho Y.It.C., and until last 3 oar there were hut few grounds for complaint. Unfortunately tho caterer of a twoivomonth ago cntorcd upon a contract before ho was 'quite pre pared to undortako it. ..When tho member of tho Y.E.C. states that " sovoral frionds and mysolf paid last year and got salt jank," 1 fancy ho doth protosl too much, and his accusation— liko tho vaulting ambition that o'orlcaps its sollo— fails on t'other side. After a prolonged interval, during which Mr. W. S. Cox has boon busy offoctiug improvoiuent3 on tho now course, operations will bo resumed at Moonco Yalloy on Tuesday next, for which occa sion a auitabic programme has boon provided. Each of thu several ovonts has boon woll patron- isod, and as Mr. G, Vowlos has porformod his part of tho work satisfactorily in adjusting tho handicaps tho prospects are in favor of a success ful mooting. Tho incise is likoly to bo of an interesting order, and my anticipations of tho same aro as follow : — Maiden rtato, Umborto, Gipsy's Warning, Broezo j Juno Huntr-ap, Coun- tryman, Middlomaroh, Loporollo ; Steopiiiu,BO| Maid of tbo Mist, Australian Court, Banyenona; Soiling Raco, Liddington, Hannibal, Knowlodgo ; Coronation Handicap, Stationer, Middlomaroh, Umborto. . . On casting my oyos down tho list of entries for tho Mooneo Valley races) to take place to-day I was Btruck by Warlock's name appearing among tho candidates for tho Coronation Handicap. It will bo sovon years como Novomber flinco I saw Tom Hales fotch tho chestnut son of Kalpio and Countess paBt tho post in advance of his Gold in tho Kensington Stakes for two-ycar-olde, and it is worthy of remark that on tho fivo anbaoqnont occasions on which tho colonial Archor piloted him during his two-year. old career ho tasted tho swocts of victory thrico. As a throo-yoor-old ho ran socond to Wellington in tho Derby, won tbo Royal Pork Stakes, two miles, defeating Chcstor and Cap-a-pie ; repeated tho porformaneo in tho Canterbury Plato, of two miles and a quarter, in which Melita, Cap-a-pio, Cheater, Swivollcr, Su330x and Jasper had to succumb ; finished second to Wellington for tho Champion Raco in a fiold of nine, and journeying to Adelaide annexed tho S.A.J.C. St. Loger, tho Corinthian Cup, and at tho Birthday mooting tho Adelaide Stakes of a milo and threo quarters. Now I tako it that record proves Warlock to havo boon a vory warm customer in his day ; but as his day wa3 half a dozon years ago, and as bo has in tho interval— if I remember aright— had a favorito log, it is hardly to be oxpocted that ho will acquire further laurels on tho turf ovon with tho moderates amongst whom wo find him now placed. Tho foreigners have reoently made another im portant purchase in tho English thoroughbred markot, tho animal in question being nono other than -the Derby winner of 1873, Doncastcr, by Stookwoll from Marigold, a daughter of Ted- dington. Until recently ho was tho property of tho Duko of Weatminstor, who Bold him to tho Hungarian Government for £5000. Doncastcr was foaled in 1870 and was bred by Sir Tatton Sykcs, who sold him to tho lato Mr. James Merry Aftor his racing career, during which he appro priated snch rich stakes as tho Derby, Ascot Gold Cap and Alexandra Plate, ho passed into tho pos session of Mr. R, Peck, who subsequently dis posed of lain to tho Duko of Westminster for £1-1,000. Ho has uot boon a great success at tho stud, for, with tho oxcoption of Ecnd Or, who won" the Derby in 1880, his progeny havo not as a wliolo boon rcmarkablo for their succosses on tho tnrf. Mr. W. A. Long's cxpcricnco of racing in Eng land appears to havo imbued him with a fresh in clination to follow up tho Bport, and tho first stop ho has takon is the formation of a privato train ing track sitnatc on tho banks of Georgo's Rivor, and distant 1 miles from Liverpool. Tbo situa tion is likely to render tho new courso tout proof. Tho now coarso is a milo and threo furlongs ronnd and the going iB of snch snporior order as to facilitate training operations all tho yoar round. Mr. James Whito, anothor prominent patron of tho Now South Wales turf, is also having a private traiuiog track formed at . his Mamro estate. Extensive improvements aro contemplated at Randwick, tenders having, been called for anew privato stand, .weighing and jockeys' room, ;as well as press and telegraph offices. 1 Tho steeplechaser Doris was submitted to auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday last, but failed to change hands at a reserve of £150. Tho best offer was £110. ' : A 1 Tho Wiiliamstown Racing Club has' selected tho 10th of Novomber its tho date of 'tho Spring meeting. Thi Bairnsdaio Midwinter mooting is announced to tako placo on Thursday, - 31st July, for. which occasion a programme of hnprctontiotm, propor tions has beon providod, tlio highest prizo, being tho Hidwinter.Handicap of 26 soys. A novel match betweon two shining stars of tho English turf was run at tho Nowmarkot Spring meeting. ' Tbo contestants wore. tho Duko of Portland's St Simon, 3 yrs., '8. str and M. Lofovre'a Tristan, 6 yrs., 9st. 9.1b., distanco ono milo and a half. It was essentially a " love" match, tho stakes being limited to a - modost "pony" aside. .Tho trial took place' half ah hour before tho ndvertisod time of tho first raco on iho third day of tho second Spring meeting, the re cognised weight for age boing increased in order to suite. Wood, who had been engaged to rido St. Simon. Tho London Sportsman comments thus on tho interesting contest : — " Although tho affair was not included in tho official programme, tho trial had been sufficiently advertised to be regarded , as tho opening evont of tho day, aud accordingly at twenty minutes post twelve the Rowley Milo Stand wore ' ito usual business liko aspect. But that it had not boon officially noticod the ovont was in every detail liko an ordinary race, tho riders wearing colors, and tho services of tho jookoy club judgo and starter boing called into requisition. With tho exception of tho weights being altered to Tristan 9 st. 9 lb., St. Simon 8 at,, tbo terms of tho match had bocn correctly published, and it was understood that Iambic (li st. 21b.j and Credo (5 st. S lb.), tho respcotivo mounts of E. Martin and Tomlinson, wcro started only to mako running. In this mission, howover, they failed miserably, as they had scarcely gonoa quartor of a mile when Martin was busy with his whip on Iambic, aud Credo was also well beatca half way across tho Eat. St. Simon waited on Tristan until entering tho Abingdon dip, whon ho shot out full of running and won his raco in two strides; indeed, a more brilliant porformaneo has seldom boon seen. From the stylo in which St. Simon won it is impossiblo to form, anything liko un accurate estimate as to how much ho had iu hand, . but tha porformnnco was sufficiently moritorious to stamp him a thorough champion amongsttho thrco-yoar-olds of tho season, and it is most fortunate for all concerned iu tho forthcoming contost for the Derby that tho son of Qalopin and St. Angola is- not engaged. As a two-year-old ho was esti mated as boing 321b. hotter than Harvester, and high sounding as that trial may scorn it' is easy of beliof sinco his hollow defeat of Mr. Lofovre's champion. That the Duko of Portland possesses ono of tho best animals of modem times may bo taken for granted, aud providing Duko of Rich mond has gono on as well as tho Heath Houso swell, it is vory likoly that ho will ho hoard of in connection with tho Manchester Cup. Although short, and dccidodly leggy, St. Simon is still a' mod looking, powerful colt, and from what ho has ffiown us to-day it looks as though tho throe cups at Xosom, Ascot and Stockhridgo aro all at his morcy, a«i clearly n cheaper bargain was never mado than whon Matthew Dawson, act. ing on bobalf of tho Duke of Portland, purchased tho colt as a two-yoar-old for 1C00 guineas at tho sale of tho lato Princo Batthyany's racing stud, and by the same rulo tho Baron Alphonoo do Rothschild also secured a big prizo in tho lottery in St. Angola, who at tho timo of tho salo was carrying an own sistar lo St. Simon." Owners of horses who intend nominating for tho meeting to bo hold at Elstornwick Park next Saturday aro reminded that entries closo with Mr. T. Haydon, tho secretary, at four o'clock oil ' Monday. Deceiver, who giv03 promise of furnishing intfl aercditablo performer, ovor tho big jnjnps,: has been transferred to R. M'Kenna's cliargo ftt Flomington. ' ; It is not often that 51 r. Goorgo Watson is he- hind timo with tho flag, hut for onca in a way ho was lato at CaulGold on Saturday, aud after', fivo minutos' grace 5fr. W. Martin was .donated; to start tho field in tho Hurdlo Raco. Jusf.as! Mr. Martin had takoa tho horses in hand' Hpitj "Watson appoarod upon tho scono, and although; ho wended his way to tho post tho jumpers worqi set going boforo his arrival. ; On Monday next tho weights allotted for tho. threo groat spring handicaps wiH bo declared—; viz., the Hawkesbury Grand, the Metropolitan. Stakes and tho Molbourno Cup, On tbo same day tho handicaps for tho V.R.O. Winter Stoopls-; chaso meeting to be hold on 19th July will mako ' thoir appearance. Tho jookoy Derrott,. who rocontly arrived from Now Zealand, has under consideration an offet! mado to him by ono of our leading sportsmen fd tako an ongagomont for next Bcason. I ohouldj like to son tho crack jockey of Maoriiand got Of Bhow in Victoria ero ho departs, Dorrott out or 11C races daring tho past season was victorious, on 56 occasions. . This I consider an unprece dented record. Racing mon will be pleased, to hear that Mr.; Robert Ohirnsido has recovered sufficiently to en-; ablo his removal from Wnrrnambool to hia' privato rcsidcnco at Colac. His fractured log tsd progressing favorably, and it is to ho hoped tha enthusiastic young sportsman will soon rcgaill' the frco uso of his injured limb. The authorities at Elsternwick Park notify) advertisement that only thoso bookmakers.' licensed by the Y. R. C. will bo permitted to ply; their vocation in tho saddling paddock" or.' reserves of that club. 1 dropped into Lovelock's Bazaar at 31 Bourkc- street west last wook to interview our old mutual friend John Whitoman, who is there once morn to. bo seen lifting high his brawny arm as tlio red sparks light tho air. It ia now some throe and, thirty years since ho shod Cossack for "old John" prior to bis winning tho Homobush Derby;- and, — despite the manifold changes that havo marked the chequered career of tho ox-5I.L.A. — it is opctl and palpable that his right hand has uot for gotten its cunning. A worthy descondant . of Thor, if ho does not command success ho will do more— ho will doservo it. . -) It. is reported that .King of , tho'feipsibs provedso fractious onhis arrival at his quarforsat -Canliield that Foulsham advised his removal, j and Mr. Inglishad tha colt sent to his private residence at Balian. Should the weather bo'very; dry prior to thoSpring campaign' the'son pLBIaek' Gipsy will benefit execodingly by the olianga, foe. I doubt whether there is as good, going ;in" tha. 1 whole colony as' tho ' Dalian courso; .at such' a! 'time. '. \kn'C' : Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co." sold tho dm-; ported American trotter Oliver on Tuesday to Mr. . Wilson, .of Albnry, for 75 guineas..)'. Tha- same .firm also disposed of the well knowii 'iroti j ting., performer. Tommy to 5fr.; Fortune':' for io guineas... . , . ' ... Mr. 8. hfahon informs me that '.' Leftist! wast; sovorely injured through stumbling ovbr'Duenna ' last Saturday at Caulfiold. ' At the Spring mooting of tho 5Iurru'mbidgoa.; Turf Club in- Novomber noxt, the Wagga;Cap, will bo contested for over two miles of ground, ; the Town Plato over a milo and a half, .qml thdj Grand Stand Plato a milo and a quarter.. .Half H, dozen rac?b will fill oach day's programme.;) : 5Ir. John Leo has had tho misfortune to losq. tho services of tho imported horse Scamp',' "whom ho purchased, lost April for 1500 guiceas,' tho s'oirj of The Rake and Lady Sophio having died last! Monday. What has throatoncd to deal a death blow to tho turf in South Australia has causod quit'o ntt oxedusof professional jockoys from that 'colony! C. Hntchins(who rodo Tha Assyrian 'lo victory in tho Molfconrno Cup of 1882) hob aJcopteil servico with Mr. W. E. Dakin, and Woazel'ia; connected with G. H. Road's stablo at Fleming- ton; D. Boaso now belongs to Joo JIorrison'if establishment, and I am givon to understand tha( Martin Burko is riding for Mr. K. Weoks Rowlings has started as trainer an his own a d-1 count, having recontly purchased tlio hurdlb racer Footman. Tho Livorpool'mcoting whioh was to have beorf! hold last Saturday had to bo postponed, owing tq. tho rain that had fallen in tho district. As thq< Canterbury Pork mooting 13 to como off to-day$ and Penrith and Nowcastio follow next Satnrdaygj tha postponement muBt ncods be a long one. At a meeting of the Numurkah Tnrf Club Oljf Monday, it wo3 decided to erect a grand.; standi .boforo tho noxt raco mooting at a cost of aboufr £150. I loarn from Now Zealand exchanges that it is. currently rumored iu Auckland thai tho StudL; and Pedigree Stock Company will shortly gdj throagh a proccss of reconstruction or ho wound up. At tho annual mooting of shareholders a; eouplo of months hack it was shown that Uiei company had during the preooding twelvq) months lost somo thousands of pounds, and onq. of tho proposals now on foot i3 to lot matters git back to the former ordor 'of things' boforo thqj amalgamation took place — viz., tho Aucklah<ti Stud Company to bo rovirod, and tho hornod stock to be a soparato concern, it having' boon incoitM tostabiy proved that blood stock will always pajn their way and rcaliso a bandsomq return. .1 hoijaj for tho sako of Now Zoaland such avaluab.rej collection of thoroughbreds will cscapo thai hammer of tho auctioneer. Anothor jockey connected with tho same stahlqi as Barton, named Donnelly, formerly inthoem-j ploy of Mr. Do Mcstre, is now "ah inmate of tha Alfrod Hospital, having been seriously kicked b , ' eneof the horses yoatordnsj; ' ' It;.ia ;prp!)ablo, .that tho. Wintor Stcoplochaso Mootidg of tbo Winimcra Ttirf Clubw ill bepost- ponod unlil '.'early "in- Sbptoinlier,'. many of pio cbpamitico of tho, club being, likowiso. connected .'Wtth.tho agricullnral and pastoral society. 