TT^'frrrri'~i'nf>Trr6N' »'finiirT ^">i»ij,igVira^r W INNI li THE WAIF; OB, THE FORTUNES OF A CRISTA WAY. By WM. C. HONEYMAN, Author of " For Fame," " Under the Lamps," "Little Nell,"u&c;, Chapter VII.—A Chemist's Mistake — Another Temptation to Dr. Allison. Seven years are a long enough time to soothe the most lively conscience that ever prickled with the recollection of a great wrong, especially when accompanied by a thousand a year. But there are exceptions to every rule, and Dr. Allison was ono of these. He was a great man nGw; he had his carriage and pair; a great house in the most fashionable and severely aristocratic street in the New Town ; andfourservanfs. Everything wasmagnificent, stately; and grand about him and his house. His practice was fairly extensive and very select. No more working men patients for him, with their slowly accumulating eighteen-penny fees; he had soared out of that miserable rut from the time when McQuiiloek the lawyer so comfortably arranged that little matter of succession. Ay, there was the rub! That was where the twinge came in! Dr. Allison's conscience was rather less sensitive than most, and would have got deadened years ago, but then there was always the un comfortable fear of being found out. Every one in his wide circle • of distinguished ac quaintances noticed that the doctor's face always wore an expression of deep care and concern, and they said—" He studies too hard—he gives his patients too much thought." His wife, who knew that in their grandeur they had even a greater struggle to make ends meet than they had experienced in the almost forgotten days when he trudged on foot to his patients, set down that op pressed look to the lack of patients and fees; and thus both wife and acquaintances were' mistaken. In reality, patients were so far from his thoughts that he sometimes forgot1 at one visit what he had prescribed at the last; and the cares of screwing and pinching, and making a fluctuating and uncertain in come do wonders he left entirely to his wife. It was the thought of the cry of-horror which would go ronnd his friends if he were detected that followed himlike a dark shadow. What if that fashionable street were invaded some morning, as he remembered it once had been, by a criminal officer, and the great doctor hauled out of bed, handcuffed, and taken off to prison as a felon. He remem bered the case clearly, and he know, that the poor culprit had been innocent,' in intention at least; compared with him. He shivered at the thought, and never went anywhere without a tiny glass tube in his pocket containing a few drops of a harm less-looking liquid, and so small and thin that it could be slipped into the mouth and crushed between the teeth at a moment's notice. That little glass tube was the doctor's fetish, to which he paid attention every day as regularly as he held family worship. It made him feel safe, for with that in an emer gency all could be over in a second or two. The horrible uncertainty bore hici down worse than anything. He faintly hoped that the child was dead, but he did not dare to make any enquiries to satisfy himself on the point. McQuillock had written to the father in India telling of the death of the mother on the homeward passage, and had received back a brief letter of thanks, full of expressions of the most bitter and overwhelming grief. Life for the distant soldier had no more charms, and he plainly indicated that he longed for the hour when a bullet should lay him low and waft him to the arms of the sweet one he had lost. This desire Dr. Allison secretly thought a very sensible one; and fervently hoped that it might be gratified; Probably the soldier was now-dead, for the seven years had produced a fair crop of wars and disturbances, and flying bullets had been plentiful. On the whole, Dr. Allison felt pretty easy in regard to him; it was the child that troubled him most. The Markles had never troubled him, or made known their exist ence during that long, period. Were thoy lost in some foreign land, or dead too ? Had the grave swallowed all and left him a freed man, saved from his sin and with the shadow taken from his side ? rj This ever-recurring question of the "doctor's wss'to be answered now with a suddenness that thrilled him to the very core of his cra ven heart, and raised from their graves a whole troop of ghosts which he had fondly imagined to be eternally buried. Drawing up to a not very fashionable chemist's at the south side one clay the great doctor descended to order some medicine re quired in great haste by one of his most valuable patients. Had the case been less urgent he would have allowed the patient's friends to get the prescription made up; bat it was a case of life or death, and he had volunteered to drive to the nearest place, see the drugs made up, and have them sent back at once. In the shop he found only two bovs, and' as they appeared rather stuoid, "ay thought best to make up the medicine with his own hands. When this was done and the packet addressed he was about to dispatch it by one of the boys, when a small bottle which bad been made up and labelled by the ei>w apprentice'caught his eye. It was labelled " The Mixture," and bore in writing a diree tion to the effect that a teaspconful was to be taken every two hours. fe Some granular crystals in the bottom of the i bottle seemed to excite the doctor's euriosifcy* 1 Shake the bottle as he might they refused to ' dissolve, and at length with a slight sneer he turned to the boy and said— " Who is this for, pray?" "A girl—case of scarlatina—Markle's the name—next street," said the boy with dignity and promptitude. "What! Markle? that's an uncommon name ?" exclaimed the doctor with a fearful pang at his heart, and so startled as to look the apprentice full in the face. Has she a father 1 What's his name and trade ?" The apprentice could not tell, but the m9s sege boy volunteered the information that he knew the man very well; that his doorplate bore the words. "Job Markle," and that he believed ho was an engraver. The pulsations of a whole lifetime appeared crowded into the doctor's heart during the slow, drawing out of that information. Be fore the name Markle had been first pro nounced he had been about to say to the ap prentice— " How dare you attempt to make up a pre scription in the absence of your master? Don't yon know it's against the law? and don't yon know that in place of a harmless chlorate you have put in a deadly poison ?" But that information palled him back. He hesitated; closed his iip3 on the words, and with his eyes fixed on the bottle, appeared lost in thought. He seemed calm,, too— calm and still as death; but he was really fighting a terrible temptation. If that medi cine went out to the fevered patient, and one cose were taken, the doctor's shadow would be for. ever removed; his life would be bright as the most heavenly sunshine; and wonldhe be to blame ? The mistake if it ever were discovered would not be his but that of a stupid or self-eonceited apprentice, " Does your master allow you to makeup I prescriptions in his absence?" he at length found voice to say that he might gain a little time, for the hoy had a paper wrapper ready, and he was impatiently holding out his hand fcr the bottle. " Not often; but this is an urgent case, and . he will not be in for two hours," answered the apprentice a little stiffly. "Oh, I know what I'm about," and he took the bottle and methodically sealed it up in the wrapper and addressed it, while Dr. Allison stood gazing at him as in a dream, and fighting—fighting fighting! The address—"Mr. J. Markle, No. — Causeywayside," as the boy slowly penned it, became burned into his brain as in letters of fire. Ho could not decide. Why had he been given such a wavering uncertain mind. The perspiration slowly oozed from his" temples, nay, from every pore of his body; the bottle was handed across the counter to the message boy, and he was told to "Bun"' with it. Still the doctor could not make up his mind. The messenger walked to the door,' and the thought occurred to the doctor— "Willi really let the child be poisoned? Out upon me no," and then he shouted out "Stop!" To he continued,] The fourth annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Mathematical Society was held at the Sailors' Home, Port, on Wednesday even ingj. April 2, Mr, W. A. Jones presiding over a good attendance. The hon. secretary (Cap tain W. P. Lee) read the report, which stated fcbat-the society had continued to flourish, and had proved a source of pleasure and profit to its members. During the year there had' Pv forty-four meetings, and amongst til© subjects discussed were some curious properties of numbers, questions relate ing to gravitation,1 wind gauges, the con-' strncnen of lighthouse lanterns,' veloci pedes, stability of retaining walls, compass' errors, and properties of the conical pen dulum, • Problems relating to the flight of projectiles had been discussed at many meet-" ■ ings, and some time had also been taken up in considering the"brilliant appearSScebf the sky after sunset, and the comets observed' since the last annual meeting. A hope was' expressed that persons interested in math'e-' matics and the physical sciences would be-' come regular or corresponding members. It wa3 also stated that the society would be glad" to receive news-cuttings: of other {information as to the remarkable sunsets, as it was in tended to collect all available information respecting the subject with a view of recon-: sidering it, and reporting to the Royal Society of LondOD. The financial statement' showed a balance" of £3 18s, lldi in hand The reports were adopted, and Captain Leo' after being thanked heartily for lug s°rv'oes was xe- elected secretary, 