Tfcia bill of ni-rt.Uity did not prorni o mn;h 1 for fortune makirgiu tho particular lioe, bo cause, aa before Btated, tbere were only 20 : diaths in the province durir-g 1833, U" ia 1839, j snougn me rata tore in imu t:> rjs>. ? C. Tbe luxury cf a fcearea could not bs bad for | love or money until the arrival of Mr Simiul ; Crook, .vbo opooed a " Cabinet aud upholstery i warehouse," io William street uenr tho wharf. Io January, 1S10, be issued a trade manifesto, concluding with, tha consolatory intimation . that " fnuerala would be furnished punctually and oouduclcd in tbo neatest pjaeible manner ; and a hearse Uin cour;o ufbuildwg aud will be let out on birr." Crook soon after removed hie coffin facte ry to the site of the Coffee Palaco adjoining the Town Hall ia Collins j etieet, where bo workod hia mortuary ap pliances for many years with advantage to bioieelf, and it is to bo hoped to the satisfac tion ef bis cooeiituents, A ynar .after Mr Thomas Croft endeavored to improve on Crook'e announcement for he "combined ths office of sexton and undertaker, and performs funerals cn the shortest notice and on the must reasonable torme," As an N. B. be aids "a mourning hearse if required." There was also a well-known old undertaker for alms time I recognised as aM lbourne identity. He was Mr Tbotra; Jennings, wbo in bis day saw many of tbo residents of the Melooorue C.-m> ' lories quietly deposed of. And it was not until ; 1SS4 bo made up bis mind to fellow them, j Formerly burial grounds were identic! with ' charch-yards.&ndunderdtnuinistetionul; control. : As a consequence the parish clerk was a email .pluralist at to bis duties, commencing with hii : various eccledattical atrentions to the pastor ; and other sacred belonging?, and ending with grave-digging Al!, bis functions were covered by | bis appointment as sexton, a term of mucb j comprehension, and thus it came that wnen 1 the graveyards were placed apart from the r- 1 ligious edifices, the sexton's v.cniou made bin ' as much at borne in the cemetery as in tbo j vestry. But the march of time and tbe cbaoge j of cfrcnmstancrs rendered it inompaUbls with tbe dignity of tbe clerkship that tbe amalgi- | matiou of the prolesriou should continue, and j it was to divided that the grave-digger was do i dared to be a separate though not independent j functionary, The Episcopalian subdivision of j the groncd was consecrated ISth April, 1S3S, : by Dr. Bronghton, the Metrop. -Irian of Xe t Scnth Wales, on tbe occmi'ou of bis first Epis- ' copal visitation to Fort Fbillip ; and on 29ih October, 1844, a similar ceremonial was per- , formed for the Koman Catholic compartment, ; by Archbishop Folding, then in Melbourne i from Sydney. Ia 1839, tbe Church of Bag ; land outbcrititB ifltued a formidable lookirg Schedule of— Diocesan Fees, from which I transcribe the following items as bearing on the topic under treatment. Burial— Ik a Grave. Clergyman.. .. _ 0 2 0 Parish Clerk ,. - 0 10 Stxton 0 3 0 0 0 6 Bcbial— Is a Brick or Stoke Grave. Clergyman,. ,. «. 0 10 0 l'an h Cltik .. ... 0 5 0 Sexton A .. 0 5 0 1 1 0 Bcbial— In a Vault, PlriNn-in.n t 1 A Pari-hCivrk I. .. 0 7 0 Scxtoa 0 7 6 110 0 The proportionate equity of this tariff of re quired diabursemrnta is not so self-evident as would bo desirab'e, for one cannot well see any just reason why a clergyman should by paid fivefold as much for reading at a stone grave as an ordinary one, and more than ten told in a vault ; or that whilst a clerk's re sponses were worth only a abillir g in one in' stance, they should run up to 7s O.i in ancthor, without the addition olja single syllable in the lat ter case. The sexton, as tbe natdeat worked, was underpaid, in proportion to tbe others ; but then bis gravo Gigging was soft and shallow, and in no way to be compared with similar work at tbo present day. Tbe charges made by tbe other religions denominations ware much tbe same, and except tbo prayerful por tion, whose efficacy I do not presume to ques tion, precious little equivalent was given, In addition to those items, tbe ground Ind also to be paid for. One of tne pioneer grave diggers is. I am ioformed, alive in the y ear of grace, 1884, a resident ot Collingwood. His name is William Willis, and though past his seventy sixth yesr, is a hearty old bettor, who wa provident to make provision for tbe sunset of life, and is reported to bo fairly well in. As was to be naturally expected tbotenanting of graves was followed by tbe erection of tomb- stones, and other mtra ostentations monumen tal remembrancer?, aud the old cemetery soon presented epecimors io ibis line. Same of the mementoes were fabricated of wood, and these of stone were chiseled oat of a material im ported from Hobartowo, as tbo most suitable to be obtained fcr such n purpose. Vaults after a time followed. Tbo mo t skilful artist In this branch of masonry was an individual named John Hughes, wbo Btuck to hi craft unlil attor the gold discoveries cf ISM, when be turned shopkeeper in a general way, and sold bis wares at a small tenement in Bjurko street, next to tbe now so well-known Beehive Corner. He died in a few year;, leaving a wife and son. The wife still lives iu 1-Mxroy, and the boy, grown Into a curious looking minikin, war a well known pauper exhibis ia Bourko street, whero, with a tin platr, inscribed " Tbe oldest White Child ia Melbjurao," fastened on bis breast, be solicited tbe alms of tbe thousands of WST Inters who dailv nmtfri him. TTa ton h-»« followed his fathir to that country where men dicancy is unknown. RKsuniiKtTioNiftjr AND GHOSTS ! For several year? tbo ol) graveyard (ceme tery it was never calU-d) wan quite outeide the town, baked by the summer bet winds (then hotter and more frequent than now) nnd swept by tbe raias and squall? of winter. Northward the town in reality did mt extend beyond Zionsdale street, and tho cuburbaa residencei in that quarter ccnaisted of a few comfortable bat-like oottsgen, some cf thorn more than a mile apart, On firomooclit nights tho t.wn3- people would stroll nw»7 to tho Flagtt iff Hill for an outing, or off by a ba=h track from RatsolDstroce eastward uf tbe Gaul, skirting tbe now Carlton Gardens, and down by tho Traveller's licit (now King's College) in Tfiobolsca street, ncd tbonce towards the Mer/i Creek. Others fancied a saunter Rich mond, wise or a trip to Bttroan'e JTill ; but after dark few would venture near the gravo- yard, for an impression prevrU'eJ amongst tI:o per pie generally that it was aD a-jemny place, nnd better given a wide b?rth, T.io vaigar credulity was exercised byiumoys nfrssnrr'o- tiociem and apparitions ; and if unlyatitho uf what was gosnprd about bad bappsnod, everybody interred tbero rnuet havo bsen ovtr and overtaken up to gratify the anatomi cal curiosity of the few nuiiiooa in practico, and tbs gbrBlly fi ttiogn must hnvo been in- cewant from ourfow to tno ri«e. If ono were disposrd to givo tbe subjtot any rerioos oon- siGtifltioo in its donbie aspect, it wpold be | fcuod utterly untenable as a whole ; for as snming tbo reality ol tho pro- medioal raid, I tbere wcutd bo uo company lttt to perform in the Hobgoblin pmtoniimoa declared to boot common occurrcno-s It the gravo? »o gavo up their dead for tho pecuniary advar bgn ol tho human night-ghouls known in C ckuey slargdi m as "bwne-grubbcrp, " it is cottobe iuppcsfd that tho gboets w«mld remain be- biud, tbouga where thov would betiko them- fcilvcs (o itot socottsir. The lo. tirg nud tbe epiritualistio the- rios arc. thrrofore irre concilable. Tbe\ "body -watching " eoaro, I have littto daiVt, was kept alive by tho drutktn inaucderitgi of a cnco O <ilina stroot deniztn.who was transported from Buphcd for plundtring a Lor don cemtory ; and wb«u- everho overindulged ('r.quoutlf iho case) ho loved to fight his churchyard butUsover again, and prnto of the unholy explrit-un whioh ho was coiicoruid before tha London slums saw tho last of him. Oertnioly at tho timi I wrila of thore waio uo public charitable institute ns whero a prac'.tlionor could procure a subject (or surgical exprri- mc-ntp. We had no profc-tBors of Anatomy, no j Univerfitj Medical scho.l or studenti requir ing oculnr doaiouitrntiou in the acieco' of dis- ! paction, nud I ho doctors and nirgeciis of Mel- I tomuo were, na u rule, a jolly, eai|-goiog race, pjttufu'd with a paying practice, aud not troub- lirg their heads much in addirglo th'ir stores i-f deu:ocslv..li\o piijMclrg'cai kuowloge. I hnvr, ihiu-forc, ret tho sl-ghto»t hesitation in p.-c ncuccirg tbo whol(?nL aseeition so mu le as rinq-ly prcpt etrroite, though I have heard of Ihrre c»#es which did really occur. Tho opera tors at tho gra\cB and in tha eurgo-y have, liko ilio nb. tn.ctcd bod its, p.-sied out of thin world to scicnnt fur thai.?. Ives ia another. The child nu of heme of thtm are uaw holding poii- , tit-zs cf co:n::'rrntieu in thepre.-ect.ccceratv»r, r.rd X harr, th. rrfcro, no ictu ti.in cf awaking the tilocce of tho t. nib by muutioaing oume.. : The followirg fcc'dent x-ai c inxunicatwl to | mo recently ty a friend to whom lam much j nu'ctled iu c.miectvu with my old Timi Chronicles, S.me vtar.i ng.> in coxi- paoy with a Melb urne mechanic -«ioc> dead) he wee p.vriug the rid cemet-.ry, at wt.-uh the c mp:iT-i;u waroiogly poktid, and with an ominous Ebako cf th? head, exclaim., ' \Vcll, S;r, I ihoulJ n.fc like to have b-cn buried yonder in tbo old Haio,'' Ou boiug rfrkid why, hi? arflwrr was that one upon a time the vstilt of an el-1 c loni.t in which his wife wb8 suppoicd tor«s%-in poce, waibcliovei to require ioiuo r puricg in cuius queue ot the wctccsc havir-g p;'U(-tratsd thronga cr under th? fcnrdaiion llo ws comuri?i-ioccdt.ihiva tbowak done, aud in doing so the vault wis cp ucd. nud a c ireful l. ok k-sido revealed tbe rxtraordir ary ciicuartaoce that the lid bad b:en bhiltsi from the lady's cotfio, and the j c tfiu was empty. Shocked nt this disclosure ! the repairer did not know well how t? act, bat h».d the presence of mind to re-.voju?t the lid without an assintuut workman booomicg aweie cf the circum?tincs.The vault was then put to right?, nud it waf a rnurce of aoxi m I thr-ugbt with the di coverer of the cc-rpse ao- eirncu« u wncmer uh spvUia comiuumca.o uia sbockirg cccurrcuco to the husband. After lUnture citbideratiou hii nnJe upbisuiiedthat | up tbe harm had beeu done and tbo period of ' tho eiiae was unco tain, no gnod could restilt j from simply reoderuiRthetiosaapectuiphnsband \ misernblr, wbo couicquectly remained in utior j ignt ranee cf a diabolical outreg, which it j wt uld be impofsible fur him to nvcug?. So tho j abdnclim of tho Ldy remained a closi secret, j sud i« now given to tho public f< r tbo first I time, .but witbe-ut the slightest notion of cetsblistir g ney ideut;ty. (To bo c -ntinued.) 