BIBLE FOLK LORE* Readers of Rabbi Jeshua, a Work published a few years since by tho anonymous author of tho volume to be presently noticed, will prob- ably be surprised to find how widely Bible Folk Lore varies in structure and method as compared with its predecessor. In tho one case we have a realistic story of Jesus of Nazareth with the supernatural eliminated ; tho life of the Great Teacher being, however, constructed according to the author's scholarly conception of Syrian geography and manners, blended with Jewish traditions, and especially as tho latter connect themselves with the home and synagogue life of Palestine on the one hand, and with tho rule of Rome on the other. In the book now to be considered, the writer aspires to the fulfiment of a more ambitions task. From a rationalistic bio- grapher of the founder of Christianity he develops into a full fledged comparative archaeologist, embracing in the range of his learned analysis tho entire circle of Oriental religions. But the central object to which he subordinates the vast and manifold sacred legendary lore he has collected is the applica tion of the principle of evolution to the history of Hebrew and Christian beliefs. His main contention is " that the biblical literature can no longer be considered to stand alone as a unique production of genius or inspiration ; but that its real origin and meaning can only be understood by the application of tho com- parative method which has as yet been only very imperfectly utilised in connection with the Bible traditions." No one acquainted with the subject can regard the mythical hypothesis as directed to the interpretation of the faiths of Egypt, the East, Africa, America and Polynesia as, in any sense, a novelty. Nevertheless, it must be confessed that students of prehistoric religious symbolism in relation to tho dogmas and rites of modern cults constitute an insig- nificant minority among the learned, and their published researches have necessarily a limited circulation among the orthodox. Esoteric specialists in this department look upon them selves, rightly or wrongly, as tho epoptai, or "initiated," who dive into the penetralia and essence of all organised religions in con- tradistinction to tho votaries of mere " pec toral theology," the mystae, or " unitiated" worshippers of concrete non-essentials. Max Müller, in his Lectures on the Science of Lan- guage, remarks that "he who knows only one language virtually knows none." Similarly, it is claimed by those who demand for compara tive religion the rank of a science that, as links of dependence can be traced in the de velopment of all modern tongues leading up to an Akkadian original, so all existing faiths, even the most elaborate in doctrine and rubric, con tain, in some form, more or less obscured, a radi- cal meaning in common with tho rudest primitive cult. It is affirmed by representatives of this branch of study that, instead of the "ghost" theory, as Herbert Spencer maintains, cor rectly accounting for tho origin of religion in the mind of primeval man, the worship of the UNKNOWABLE, in all the infinite diversity of its manifestations, sprang from an instinctive curiosity to penetrate the arcana of being and a concurrent sentiment of reverence for the mysterious Power under whose administrative control the processes of waste and repair in the universe are unceasingly carried on. The com bined mental effort to grapple with august ques tions centring in individual and relative life, and at tho same time to preserve a devout recog nition of tho inscrutable Demiurge by whose might the phenomena of nature were sustained, found expression (authorities on the science of comparative religion inform us), first, in the con secration to holy uses of phallic symbolism; and subsequently, in the rites of sun and planetary worship. All this has been abundantly illus trated already by Payne Knight, Drummond, Taylor, Dulaure, Dupuis, Inman, Lajard, Cox, Wake, Westropp, Forlong and most of the Hibbert lecturers. But the author of Rabbi Jeshua thinks suf- ficient materials are now available to demon strate tho existence of a detailed parallelism between tho cardinal mythologies embodied in the sacred books of Egypt, India and Persia on tho one hand, and the canons of tho Hebrew and Christian literature on tho other. This, in fact, is the specific labor he has imposed on himself ; and it is one which, no matter with what reverent and scholarly qualifications it may be undertaken, cannot be expected to meet with favor from either Jews or Christians who have been trained to believe in their respective Scriptures as miraculously composed and re vealed. But repugnant as this writer's inves tigations can hardly fail to be to implicit believers in a supernatural revelation, he is not even entitled to tho distinction of a pioneer in his own peculiar line. Tho new path he regards himself as having in a sense ex plored has long been familiar to those who have kept au courant with this class of read ing. De Gubernatis, with potent oriental implements, has cultivated extensively tho same field, suggestively remarking in his Zoological Mythology: — "When we shall be able to bring into Semitic studies the same liberty of scientific criticism which is conceded to Aryan studies, we shall have a Semitic mythology." Goldziher long since applied tho idea of the solar myth to the interpretation of patriarchal and tribal names and histories in tho Old Testa ment with a minuteness which leaves nothing to be desired, and we are disposed to think this author has borrowed from him more than he has acknowledged. Œdipus Judaicus is well known to travel in the same direction. Lenormant, the author, in his marginal references, owns himself largely indebted to, Old Testament Legends, by T. L. Strange, and Sources and Development of Christianity by the same writer, are books which aim at one goal with Bible Folk Lore. Still, it cannot be denied that the author, however distasteful his conclusions may prove to many of us, has brought to the consideration of his theme an ample store of learning as the result of the fourteen years' consecutive toil he has expended on the study of Oriental faiths. He is evidently an excellent Arabic and Hebrew scholar, and critical traveller in the leading countries with which his subject is concerned. If he does not happen to possess acquaintance with Persian and Indian languages, he has, at least, mastered from these sources, secondhand, all the facts indispensable for his purpose, As regards the bulk of the narratives in the earlier books of the Old Testament he is disposed to regard them as mythical, having a common origin with legends bearing a dis tinct family likeness, and prevailing in the- literature and monumental remains, not only of countries bordering on Syria, but of these lying much farther east. He is of opinion that many of the legends found imbedded in the Pentateuch filtrated into the Bible from India, through Babylon, being imported to Palestine by tho captives on their return from Assyrian bondage. The Elohistic document of Genesis opens with a cosmogony exactly similar to that of Assyria as recovered by George Smith, or of Persia as preserved in tho Visparad. . . The earth and heavens were created, according to Asiatic cos mogonies, by the breath or spirit of a Being who dwelt alone before the existence of the heavens, giving life to the abyss of waters which formed the earliest material. Tiamat (the primæval waters) and Apsu (the abyss) brought forth the god of love in Chaldea. In Phœnicia, Colpiah (tho voice of wind, the spirit of God) and Bahu (tho chaos of Genesis) were the creators of man. In Persia the six days saw the heavens and stars, the waters and firmament, the earth, the trees, the ani mals, and finally man himself, created respec tively. Fragments of a similar account are common to all the races of Western Asia." Cognate legends, equally striking, describe the story of man's primitive happiness in a garden containing " trees of life," and the temptation of tho serpent, throughout all the regions above named. Adam, Eve, Seth, Enos, Cain, Enoch, Methuselah, Lamech, Noah, Shem, Ham and Japhet represent personages who are matched by counterparts in other Oriental "folk lore" and are resolved by mythical analogies into zodiacal signs. The narrative of the flood is disposed of in like manner. It is noteworthy that in the Chaldean account of this catas- trophe Hasisatra, like the Noah of tho Jehovistic story, sends forth a dove which comes back again ; next a swallow, which also returns ; finally, a raven, which flies away. The argument of tho author is that if the writers of Genesis have drawn from the tradi- tions of Nineveh and Babylon the whole system of their cosmogony and their cycle of legends, " these legends, as related in the Old Testa ment, cannot be less evidently mythical than the originals from which they are derived." The patriarchs, the twelve tribes, " the Epic of the Exodus," with the tradi tional adventures of the Israelites during their forty years' wanderings in the desert, the achievements of the Judges and the prophets are dealt with seriatim, and shown to be but variations of older myths recorded in the Vedas, tho Mahabharata, Yasna, Ramayana, Mihir Yasht, Romance of Antar, Bundakish, Vendidad, Kalika, Parana, Aitareya Brahmana and Zendavesta. Each article of tho High Priest's dress and official decoration, with tho altar fire, the seven lamps, incense, libations, holy oil, the scapegoat, the ashes of a heifer, and the passover sacrifice are elaborately paralleled in the religious rites of pre-existing nations. The "wheels" of Ezekiel, the equestrian imagery of Zechariah, and the sea dragon of Isaiah are exhibited by a great array of learning, as reproductions of myths reaching back to Persia, Assyria, Egypt and India, and to periods long prior to the existence of tho Hebrews as a nation. But what is of most vital consequence to Christians, tho author, with an immense amount of learned ingenuity, applies the same description of archaeological iconoclasm to reduce to its primary mythical elements the Messianic idea. " In India the idea of a future universal monarch and that of a universal prophet existed side by side at least as early as 600 years B.C., and the former is connected with the sun in the following gatha, or song, which is probably as old as the time of Gautama. ' If a mother in her dream behold tho sun god enter her right side, that mother shall bear a son who shall become a universal monarch.' " In the earliest books of Persia, Loshyaut, to be born "in tho region of tho dawn," and preceded by three fore-runners, (tho mother of each of the three being the subject of a miraculous conception) will re- store tho world to perennial joy and beauty and smite mortally tho fiend, tho will of Ahura being afterwards universally performed. Again, in the third Sibyl- line book, written in Alexandria about 140 B.C., God is said to send "a king from tho sun" and in tho second book of Ezdras, dating not earlier than tho first century, of our era, Messiah rises from the sea like the Persian prophet. The famous passage in Isaiah which predicts the conception of a son by " a virgin" (Almeh), " young woman," is viewed as occurring only in a birth day ode of King Hezekiah, After the royal houses of David and Judas Maccabaeus had respectively bicome extinct, it would appear that the notion of a Messianic king became dearer to the hearts of the Hebrews, and the present writer finds similar longings among the Persians pointing to Mithra, who was called, in tho hymns sung in his honor, a "good shepherd," "Lord of the sky," "friend of truth," who "takes out of distress the man who has not lied unto him," and "the incar- nate word." We are reminded that 600 B.C. Chrishna was pictured in India as tho "Saviour" of tho Hindoos, son of Brahma, born of Maya, a virgin mother, in a dungeon, which was illumined with glory on his entrance into life. He was cradled among shepherds, and soon after his birth Indian tradition reports him to have been carried away for protection lest a certain tyrant, whom it was foretold he should destroy, should take his life. On tho tidings of Chrishna's birth reaching this formidable enemy, he entered all new born babes in his dominions to be slain, Chrishna is said also in after life to have cured a leper, and healed a woman of some disease on her pouring a box of ointment on his head. He deigned to wash the feet of the Brahmins ; founded a new sect ; astonished his tutor by his precocious learning, and encountered the serpent Caluga in a severe conflict. He is represented in tho temple at Mathura as crucified, with a Parthian coronet on his head. He is painted with a round hole in his side, with stigmata in his hands, and, sometimes, in his feet. Legends exist of his descent into hell, and, afterwards, of his ascension into heaven. In ancient Buddhist writings Sakya Muni is designated "the Great Physician," " the Light of the world," " the Lion of the tribe of Sakya." His religion is called " tho Kingdom of Righteousness," "tho Way of life," "the Spiritual Kingdom." His antago nists are described as " blind leaders of the blind," and " tho excellent wheel of the law" is likened to " a precious pearl." After the enumeration of many other analogies between the history of Buddha and Jesus, including the doctrine of Maitris, or Charity, the author says: " The question which demands an answer is, whether the similarity arises from an indepen dent development under like circumstances of the same ideas in India and in Palestine, or whether there is a historical connection be tween the two religions." The author, it need hardly be stated, adopts the latter view. He does not hesitate to believe that Eastern faiths, and especially Buddhism, were imported into Alexandria with trade, and that, subsequently, tho Essenes of Egypt (by whom, he maintains, the gospels were composed as pious and edify ing romances) sprang from a colony of Budd- hist monks who settled in that country, prob ably before the Hasmonean age; and made Jewish converts. Hence, ultimately the devolopment of the idea of a Jew who should assume the rôle of a Messiah, not for Israel alone, but for the world; and the gradual evola tion of Christianity in the first two centuries in the alembic of controversy, partly under the agency of tho " Book of Enoch," which dates the century before our era, partly of the Platonism of Philo, partly of Jewish Old Tes tament speculation, partly of Ebionitism and partly of Egyptian Gnosticism. It is not the function of a secular journal to discuss the theological merits and bearing of the remarkable work which has, for want of space, of necessity been somewhat fragmen- tarily reviewed. We nevertheless feel it to be our duty, in the interests of our national faith, to call the attention of Christian teachers of all denominations to the increasing boldness of learned sceptics of high moral character in the parent country who thus persistently menace the foundations of our cherished beliefs by plausible historical arguments. This, unhap pily, is only one of many works within the past two years proceeding from cultured per sons who profess to give to the world the fruit of intellectual toil extending over many years. Within the last few months tho Evolution of Christianity (anonymous), Christianity and Common Sense (by a Barrister), and Creeds of To-day (by H. Coke) have followed each other in quick succession. Herbert Spencer, Mr. Justice Stephens, Mr. Frederic Harrison and other distinguished writers, have likewise ad dressed the public in the leading English monthlies on the subject, without tho slightest attempt to disguise their disbelief in Chris- tianity as a supernatural religion. What ren ders the new mode of attack upon the faith by such distinguished pens exceptionally insidious is that it is accompanied with no rudeness or malice — qualities only too conspicuous in Shaftesbury, Voltaire, Diderot, Paine, Mare- chal and other opponents of a past genera- tion, and in the effusions of half in- formed modern itinerating atheistic lec- turers. Through the Nineteenth Century, tho Contemporary and tho Fortnightly the poison is being widely but insidiously introduced among cultivated families of all ranks; the result being unfortunately the slow alienation of intelligent young men from tho churches and doctrines of their fathers. With tho ex ception of Canon Westcott's, Mr. B. H. Cowper's and Prebendary Rows's apologetic Works, the rejoinder of Dr. Lightfoot, six years ago, to Supernatural Religion in tho Contemporary, and perhaps Canon Rawlin- son's book on Cosmogony, there has been no worthy effort recently made by Christian scholars to grapple with the enemy. It is no longer a mere question of the "evidences" furnished by tho first three Centuries. Tho new battle ground on which the adversary of miraculous revelation has to be met now is the science of comparative religion. The argu- ments suitable to tho days of Hume and Paley are already antiquated. Tho learned antagonists to be confuted in England, France and Germany would only smile at tho de nunciations of tho " drum ecclesiastic," and treat with scorn tho reproachful epithets flung broadcast from tho pulpit at conscientious un believers. Lugubrious homilies against " tho sin of unbelief " are equally wide of the mark. Hostile allegations must be disproved by well authenticated facts ; and, so far as Australia is concerned, the sooner learning is met by learning the better for the comfort of many minds, whose theological equilibrium is dis- turbed by the work of tho stealthy undermin- ing of miraculous dogmas assuredly in pro- gress. In the Church of England — to say nothing of other orthodox sects among us — we have able men who are undeniably equal to the occasion. While anxious to avoid tho ap- pearance of being invidious, our readers will agree that two episcopal dignitaries of rare ability and knowledge must readily occur to every colonist— the Metropolitan of Sydney and tho Bishop of Melbourne — both men capable, we cannot doubt, of silencing these perpetually recurring objections to our re ligion, Let them, and other clergymen, per haps not less able, gird themselves without delay to tho urgent task, and they will justly earn the lasting gratitude of every well-wisher of these colonies. 