• BOMB. ENCYCLICAL LETTER OF OUE MOST HOLY LORD, LEO XIII., BY DrviNB PBOVIDBKCB POPE, TO THE Bishops' OF Franok. To our Venerable Ijrrfhren, the Archbishops and Bishops in'Franee, Leo PP. AItl. ' Venerable Brethren, Health .and the ApostoUc Benediotioa. . The most noble nation bf the French, besides many splendid achievements in peaoe and war, has deserved from the Catholic Church ipra!ae f6fc special services, gratitude for which will never die, and the glory of which will never'grow old. 'Having efnbfaoed Christianity at the initiative of its King, Clovis, it was rewarded by tbis most honourable testimony to its: failh and pl6ty, the title of eldest daughter of the Church, From that time, Venerable brethren, often have your ancestors been the helpera of Providence itself in the performance of great and salutary wojtks, and.especially has their valonjrJ^eefi illustrated in defending Catholiolsm 'throughout the world, in propagating thp Christian faith among barbarous nations, ip delivering and protecting the more saored places in Palestine, 00 that it it not without cause that the ancient phraia^ Oesta Dei • per Francos, ha^'become proverbial; Arid thu? it has been their' happy. Jot, through faithful devotion to the Oatholio cause, to beoome, aa it were, aasooiated with the glories of the Church, and to found many publio and private institutions marked by a singular strength of religious faith, oharity, and greatness of aoul. And theae virtues of your fathera the Roman Potttiffa, Our predecessors, have been accustomed greatly to oommend, and, with the favour due to deaert, have more than onoe heaped pralaes upon the French nation. Great indeed are the commendations, which Innocent III. and Gregory lX., those great lights of the Church, awarded to ypur ancestors ; the former,, in his letter to .the Archbishop of Reims, saying, " We love the Kingdom of France ^rith a kind of special ^nd preeminent love, inasmuoh as it has always been obedient and dpyoted to us and the ApoBtolio See, before all the other kingdoms of the world ;" and the second, in a letter to St. Louis IX., declaring that in the' JEingdom of France, " whioh oould pevsr he tofn away from its devotion to Goil and the Church, 'ecclesiastical liberty has never perished, and Christian faith has never at any time lpst.its proper vigour; and that 'for the preservation of these (blessing's the kings and suh]?eti of the, spid kingdom have not hesitated for'a moment to Bhed their bloc$ j(and expose themselves to many d'anEters/' Aucl Gpd. who is the. Pather of Nature, from whom .'Stages, reoeiye.on earth the reward of their virtues arid good'deeds," has Conferred much prosperity on 'France, fame in War; the arts of peaoe', totitiohal glory, and iinperial povrer. ' AWd if Prague, fdrgetful, as it wterti 'of herself, aWdtiegleotitjg the office ;bohlerWd | dbf 'hw-' ^y Go^, 'has ^ao^iatinies'' (ihos'^n '16 assume a hostile altitude towards the Church, yet) by a Special mefcy pf God, she has not for long, or as a whole pation, remained in these evil dispositions. rAJod would that she bad eSoaped altogether 'unhurt from those disasters to religion and the State which tlmes'tibt-fet distant from our own have britffght 'forth 3 ,B|it' when ' the human 'mlhdj lulled "with' 't)ie poison of 'o^S&^lika'^^; of ' rrjeot -'- 4, -' Ji ' the authority ^E .(fche yh^co^^itfi downward course has' been rapid< and prjeplpitate. F.ir whep^he.tBortal polapn ojE fatae Aootriuea had penetrated manners and oustoma theraMkveB,-'eociet|r;'to a ' great extent, oairie to fa^raw^y from Ohristlanlty. And in Frarioa thfe toropagatiin pf this pU^tife #al ttdt a' little prttidote'd by oertaih tain phlloBopherain bhllo^oblie'rsia'theuat thB last century, beiu^u^ profeksbri 6'f a fopliah wMoiirii whP aet themsrtviSi'%"iip "tfee tofih^Hotts, ,of Ohmf^uj t^(ithj^»4 m of imqw, ,y.ehemen^y; to infifkiup < > the dpslxaa-, afte unlisaitftd iiObnq»«rluch had bpen «lteady aoM^dledd Nbr ^waa >,the. help.®f' these wanting whom an impotent hatrpd of religion binds tpgether, ip unhallowed arii dililu Krid'eta 4ieer in the world,and which impelled us to rpoalj the peoples of Ireland, Spain, and Italy to tbeir,duty, when the need woje, by our letters to their bishops—haj induced ua to i unl our attention and thoughts to France. The dnslgna of which we have j oat Bpokeri are injurious, not only to religion, but are harmful and fatal to,the State: for it.la impoBglble ihat proaperlty should folio^ a Sjt«te In whioh the influenoe pf religion is extinguished. The moment man cease? to be in fear of God, he is deprived of the most neop.Bsary basis of iuatioe, without which—eyeii ip the opinion of the Pajgan phiioaophera—society , cannot exiBt; the authority of rulers will lose its. weight, and the laws of the land their force. Selfinterest will weigh more with every man than high principles, and the integrity of rights will he threatened, for the fear of punishment is but a bad guraptee for the fulfilment of : ,duty; those who rule will easily be led to exceed the proper limits of their authority, and those who obey seduced into sedition aud revolt. Moreover, as there is nothing good in Nature which is not to be referred to the Divine goodness, every human society which does its utmost to exolude God from its laws and and its constitution rejects the help of this Divine benefioence, and deserves, also, that that help should be denied it. Rioh, therefore, and powerful as it appears, that society bears within itself the seeds of death, and cannot hope for a lengthy existence. It is, indeed, with Christian people as with individuals'—it la Bafety to follow the counsels of God, it is danger to fall away from them ; and it often happens that when nations jealously retain their fidelity to God arid the Church,-they arrive, almost naturally, at the highest pitch of riatutal prosperity, but that when they fall away they perish. TheBe facta as to be found iri history ; and we could cite to you more recent instances, even in your own country, had we the time to recall the eventa seen by a previous generation, when the impiety of the mob shook France to her very foundations, and Church and State perished in the same destruction. But, on the other hand, these certain causes of the State's ruin are easily removed, if, in the constitution and ruling of the family and of society, the precepts are observed of the Catholic religion, for theae are moat eminently fitted to preserve order and the welfare of the State. And first, as regards family life, It is of the highest importance that the offspring 6f Christian marriageB should be thoroughly instructed in the precepts of religion ; and that the various atudleB by Which youth la fitted for the world should be joined with. that of religion. To divoroe these is to wish that youth should be neutral aa regarda its duties to God ; a system of education in itsfelf 'fallacious, and particularly fatal in tender years, for it opena the door to atheism, and closes it on religion. Christian parents must, therefore, be careful that their children receive religions' instruction aa soon as they are capable of understanding it; and that nothing may, in the schools they attend, bleudiah their faith or their morals. Both the Divine and the natural law impose this duty on them, nor can parents on any ground Whatever be freed from this obligation. The Church, guardian of the integrity of the faith— whioh, In virtue of its authority, deputed frotri God its Fbunder, has to call all nationB to the knowledge of' Chriatian lore, and Which te consequently bound to watch keenly the teaohing and up-bringing' of the children placed under its authority by baptlatn—has always expressly condemned 'mixed or neutral schools; over and over again she has warned parents to he ever on the'ir guard in this most essential point. To obey the Church in thia ia to obey the requirementa of aooial utility, and to Berve in the most excellent manner the common welfare. Those, indeed, whose early days Were hpt enlightened by religious instriictioii,'grow up without any knowledge whatever of the greatest truths, which 'alone "ban ^ouriali In man the love of irlrtyi^^nd repress la him his evil pataldhk; au'ch 'ap, for instance, the ideas of GWd tnej&n;&tor;, of God the Judge and A^get^of'the rewards and punishments in arib'tber life, of the heavenly help offsred tb 'tis by JeBua Christ, for the cona'iletitlbUB' and holy fulfilment of our "dutiea. Where these Are unknown. All ltittliaotttal culture will prove unhealthy, j, young people, unapouatpmed to the ..fear of &o;$ t wi)ii not endure the reatrAlbt' pf >to up^ht 1 life, tfoljf will n6t' — ^ anything life, tlMJf to will the'ir hot^veiitttii', e7!Bh ,tb d£dy anything to their tfjMfai r easily aeduced intp tr^hl|ng th^ ^lifAf r, ! ,Sext,jfia thopf ^Bf^tt' and realprlpoiplea rMating^p,Wvlf.f,«#^y aud Jthe, reciproiv»l rigW' ^Wi-^WWj V*- tfie ffagred:^ad there are oil earth tw^^Rrin aople riesrf-the^na ^yvil,^ ot w^h^th^Mppowat^ waridli ffho^ o ^ It jia-jtp^Jpa^, Jmanftud ptf-rnal law of Nature, and each wq.h„ for its own ends In matters con Mfnft,Ui5 < wn order and domain, fcut when «» thing hat to be settled whichM dlff^/l reasons and in a different way oobeT both powers, necBsalty and public utiuSI demand that an agreement «h«u ^ effeoled between theta, without which/ unoertain' and Una table oondltlbn «f 'M^V^HL'll tbB t0 W«7 iotoQ. slstent with the peaoe either of Chnrck or Jtate. When, therefore, a s61en>n publio compact has been (node batw 8en the aacrea and the civil power, than it U as muoh the interest of tlie State aa' jt ll juat 'that the compact ahotild tyni|> inviolate; beoauae, aa each power hai aervicaj to render to the other, a cartsln and reciprooal advantage la enjoyed and conferred by eaoh. In France, at the beginning of (hit conttury, after the previous pu^io commuiioos and, terror^ had subaidedL the rulers themselves understood that the; cpuld not more effectually relieve the State, wearied with ao many ruins, than by the seatoration of the Catholic peli. girm. In anticipation of future adraatages, oar predeceasor, Pius YII,, 8| 0Q. t»neoualy acoeded to the desire of the First Oonsul ( and acted as indulgently ai was consistent with his duty. And when an agreement was reached ai regarded the prlnoipal polntB, the baaeB were laid and a safe course marked out for the restoration' and gradual establishment of religion. Many prudent regulations, indeed, were made at that and at subsequent times for the safety and honpur of the Church, and great were the advantages derived therefrom, which were sll the more to, be valued in consequence of the slate of prostration and oppreitian into whioh religion had been brought In France. With the restoration o( publio dignity to religion, Christian Institution) manifestly revived; and it was wenderfnl what an inorease of civil prosperity wsi tbe result. For] when the State had soaroaly emerged from the. feempsstunis waves and was anxiouBly looking for firm foundations on which to base tranquillity and publio order, it found the very thing which it desired opportunely offered to it by the Catholic Church, so that it was apparent that the idea of effecting an agreement with the latter was the outcome of a prudent mind and a true regard for the people's welfare. Wherefore, if there were no other reasons for it, the same motive which led to the work of pacification being undertaken ought now to operate for its maintenance. For—now that the desire of innovation has been enkindled everywhere, and ip the existing uncertainty as to the future—to BOW fresh seeds of discord between the two powers, and by the interposition of obstacles to fetter or delay the beneficial aojbion of the Church, would be a course void of wisdom and full of ppril. And yet we are troubled an4 grieved to see that perils of this kind are at the present time arising, for certain things, opposed to the well-being of the Church have been and are being done, in conSEquenoe of tfw aroused pnistrust and hatred of hostile minds against Oatholio institutions, which have been wont to represent ,th£P as the enemies of the State. We are aleo no less ooncerned and anxious at the, designs of those who, with thp obj.eofc of dividing the interests of Church and St^te, wonld wish to break, more or less rapidly, Jhe salutary compact concluded j with the Apostolic See. .1 In this state of affairs we have neglected nbtblng which the times eeeiaed to fiall for. Bach time that it has ippaared necessary to' Us, We have ordered'bur Nuneio to make representations tP the rulers of the State, which they 'd^l*" 4 they received in b spittt dispfesed to do juStioe. We ouraelvea, on the law belng paBaed for the sujppresaipn of the iceHgious ordert, madP known • out' bentlAtots in a letter addressed to bur dear soto, Cardinal of the Holy - Romari' Church and bishop of Paris. ' Similarly; in * lettet °f June laat to the PrfeBldent' Jof RepUblio. 'we xomrflaihed ^f fetrtain %oti Injarlona to the itilvation 'of ^orfa ^ Infrihgibg! the Hghta bf the Chriroh. We -hav«t aotda in thlH manner for ths double 'reaaoh thiit it was'ihS ; Huty o| onr apoatolio riffidft, that We'aittentiy deaire that PraQce 'Bhould' 'preaerve, Wi'iJ pious and inviolate fidellty, tha;reli^ » received from : 1 W' fathew' arid' at crtfcto"' In the same mariner, ! 'witli'tfce *Bme 'firmness and th^ sanie' steadfastnesi, we.fU> never to 'defAid ''O» t '!° uo IhWreUte'«>f France? ? Ih J tW v oarlttM b 1 a I t of that juat and strict dutyi >ouhaVbJll. Venerable brethrtn; beW ohr 4(tr*«jw»< 1 « supporters. supportera. Comoell^dtod^blo^e thSlot ot the religious brder^Wnfcti. ^ . done all that layiU tbuC M W ^ •thMaU of those Who deserved as Wril ol the State aathey>hM[ abne qf theOhW 11 ' A.» present, asfer ate applying jorir: iripit ^rnes't^ and attention toprtdurtffor ^Sath'iutoeftm f^OilitieB for r » >|o6d' eAOcitKd^W^" fdu faiolous Ao the'Stlifc l^^ficrtte^' •hlob wine men entertain agalMt the S Nn one, therefore, wlfi have tb« 2»hT& accuse yon of yielding to human of wiring against the SS,he" order of thing., for when ffi hon.ur, when the salvation of soul. ue'ndMgered, the duty of your office is K e up the protection arfd defence of lllsaoh matter.. Continue, therefore to fulfil with prudenoe and firmne.. the dutleiof yourepiseopal mipiet'y; teaching the precept, of heavenly doctrine, and pointing out to yoar people the path to Cow amid the great wickedness of the time. There must be a perfeofc union of mind and will, and where the c»u.e la the »me the mode of aotion should likewise be the .ame. See that sohools are never wanting in whloh the young may be carefolly imbued with the idea, of the reward, of heaven and of their duties to God, and la irhlch they may 'obtain aoourate knowledge of the Church and learn eubmlflsion to her teaohing, so that they may understand and feel that they should be ready to brave all risks for it. Franoe i. rich in instances of eminent men who have not feared to faoe, for the Christian faith, all misfortunes and even the loss of life. In the social upheaval of which we .poke just now, many meii of unconquerable faith were to be met with who maintained the honour of their country with ooiirage and their blood; We see virtue worthily maintaining itself, with Gbd's help, in the midst of snare, sod peril.. The clergy are attached to their duty, and fulfil it with the charity eve* ready and apt to help our neighbour, ' which is proper to the priest. Large numbers of laymen operQy and boldly profess the Catholic faith; they rival one another in the multiplication and Variety of the testimonies of their devotion to'the Holy See: they provide, at great cost and at great trouble, for the education of youth ; and they come forward in aid of public need, with admirable liberality and munificence. All this ^ood, which affords the best hopes for the future of France, must not only be preserved, bnt Increased by united efforts and constant watchfulness. Above all, care muBt be taken that the ranks of the olergy shall be more and more filled with worthy and capable men. Let the authority of their bishops be sacred to the priest; let the latter be oonvinoed that their ministry will be neither holy, nor profitable, nor respected, If it be not exeroised under - the guidance of their bishops. The prominent laymen also, those devoted to ouroommoli mother, the Church, and who are able to render useful servioe to the Catholic religion by their word and by their pen, must multiply their efforts in the defenfte of the Church. To obtain these results it Is an absolute necessity that wills should be in harmony, and the action unanimous. There is certainly nothing more wished for by our adversaries than dissensions between CathoHos, who should avoid nothing with greater oare than any die- Agreement, mindful of the Divine words : —"Every kingdom divided against itself shall be made desolate." But if anyone is compelled, BO that union may be preserved,'to renounce his own private opinion, let him do it cheerfully for the common good. Catholic writer, must spare no effort to preserve this harmony In all thing.; let them prefer that which is of ,general utility to their own private interests; let them favour common aotion; let th£m willingly submit to those " whom the Holy Ghost hB. >et at bishops to rule over the Church of Godlet them respect their authority, and never undertake anything against the will of those they should look on as their leaten in the battle lor Cathellc interest.. Finally, following the Invariable custom of the Church in. time, of difficulty, let all the faithful, under your direction, unceasingly pray and beseech God to look down on France that Hia mercy may overoome His wrath. The unbridled lloenee of speech and of the JPresshas many times outraged the taajesty of God; men are not wanting Who'iiotonly ungratefully repudiate the benefits of Jean. Vhnrt, the Saviour of the world, but even go .o far In their impietya. to glory in not believing In the'existence of God. To Catholfos wlU fall the . w p a r i i t i b n bv • great •pirit ef falthand piety for theseperver.e of mind »nd deed, end of publicly proving that they have nothing aoM at fceart ;than: tl»p glo*y of God, dearer 4>an the .rellgionofthel* lorefathws. Those, e.pe«oUUy, wjioseltfe u passed in more intiioat&nniob; with God "» the cloister should fextite themselves ® ^ J^Le^fnerous oharity. and strive to appease fte tiord by their Pr^er., voluntary self-denials, offering of aelf. And thns, with thb Wlp of ilhe Disine mercy, we are ttonfiL, ^theatmyed wlllflomeito«epBntJ you^artfltifeiitM we bear to the whole $f, Franoe. We doubt not that this teitinjonyof our moat keen anxiety will tend to strengthen and tighten the neoelsary bond - between France and the Holy Bee—a onion whloh haB ever been at all time, a source of mutual, numerous, and important advantages. Gladdened with thlM thought, Venerable brethren, we implore fdr yoq and your faithful the greatest abundance of heavenly graoes; and we grant yon most lovingly in the Lord as a pledgeaud testimony of our especial good-will, to you and to the whole of France, the Apostolic Benediction. Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, the 8th day of February, 1884, in the sixth year of our Pontificate. LboPP. XIII. 