CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES,. BY "THE WORM." A decided improvement in the weather during tbe past week, and tbe same may be sa:d of the work. Bain is badly wanted. Although the course proper is in capital order, the sand tracks are beginning to get a bit heavy iu places. Tbe following is a resume of the week s work : — Mr. Connolly is usually tbe early bird. Yeritas and Zona no a smart once round on Thursday. Other days their work has been of a medium kiud. Siphon, Friendless, Midnight, Angler, and Seizure, have been doiag from medium to half pace work, Orlando being treated to quiet exercise, Toronto spurting over three furlongs. Queen Bess going steady, and Novelette useful work over a mile. Mr. Batty has given Yately, tbe three days the gross has been available, good serviceable work for a mile and a half, going well ; other days long, steady exercise. Ontario did quiet, cantering, bar Thursday, when be ran a good strong round with Deceiver. The Utter is showing a lot of improvement both iu bis jumping and condition. This morning be put in two strong rounds on the saud TJmberto brushes along for half a mile working days, steady off days. By working I mean the days the course proper is openec — viz., Tuesdays, Thursdays, und Saturdays. Off days are the others, making up the week, when noarly all the horses are restricted to steady exercise. Mr. Leng'e Egbert did good work for half a mile, in company with Tippity Witchett, work ing steady off days. The colt is big and muscular. Canute did medium, bar Thursday, : when he was sent good, useful work over the hurdles. Kingfisher— a new arrival— went Bteidy. Mr. Jones' First Pop, Violet, aud Melodious did strong four to five furlong? working days, and easy off days. These three fillies are looking very gay. Coriolanus did loug medium, im proving the pace a bit the last round when on the grass, the Bohemian doiog quiet exercise alone. Sir Samuel did medium, striding home the last half mile. This morning be moved along two miles on the sand, going freely. Mr. G. Robinson sent Cupola medium, bar Saturday and Tharsday, when eood work over a mile was administered ; Merry Feuella's best performance being over five furlongs. Vivian was jumping on Thursday, but was very dickey ou bis pine. Mr. Campbell's Mozart did good, useful work for a mile on working day.-?, IVonga striding along for three furlong? with bim. Mr. J. G. Rcid's Tumult, Norfolk, and The Ghost did strong work for a mile on Thursday and Saturday without Tumult. Nuncio and Grace Darling did a strong half mile on Saturday, other days steady. Hurra ha? been going along quietly. Mr. Heywood's Spartan did a strong round on Thursday and Tuesday, other days medium to half pace. Mr. Alien give Gilderoy a good pipe- opener on the same day, and, up to that thae, and since, did suitable work. Mr. Rowe'.s Nonsense. Chester, and Poletar have put iu 1 >ng medium work, each of the first two having been treated to ?:hi>ling exereise. Chester, a candidate for the Findon Harriers' Yuso, is a splendid jumper, and will make some of them travel. Pulestar aud Novelette did a strong half mile in company this morning. Mr. Davia' David aud Ditto have done strong work over si-veu furlong? oil working tnorutogs, medium to half pace off days. Came- rine aud Dirgo goiug a similar distance, the mare going a bit further alone. Di?couut did good stridiug work, with nu occasional jump over the hurdles, at which he seems to dwell. Pilot did good useful work, and jumped very cleverly over the big sticks. Defiance is equally pood over the hurdles. Both horses ore lookiug pretty well. Mr. Johnson has Beresfcri looking pretty pmk, he has put iu pond useful work, includ ing schooling, which part of the performance he does well when going ot a good pace. Mr. Menzie'sTbe Laird has been doing some medium to good half-pace work, jumpiug a couple or three fences in good style. Mr. Leek is nnt a regular attendant with Scaramouche and tbe Newminster c-lt. Solo, but on each occasion it has been long slow work, as also wi'b Struggler, tbe steeplechaser. Mr. Higiubotharn arrived at his temporary quarters on Saturday, with Capri, Le Grand, Don Quixote, Egliuton, and Tissue, a fine- lookiug filly, by Swiveiler out of Paper. The C tampion winner is looking remarkably well; tbe two d-tys past he went steady, putting in some bilf-pace work on the grns?, on Tuesday going uice and freelv. Cspri, with neck sweater?, cantered stiffly round the grass, improving to hali pace for a second round; he bears a strong resem blance to his half-brother, Cslmi, both iu his xtyle of going and his geueral appearance Don Quixote, looking in rare buckle, moved along very kindly a round of tbe grass; his companions. Tissue and rEzliuton, did some quiet exercise, blushing home from the half mile. Mr. Jones' Lizette has been going steadily, bar thi morniug. when she covered a couple of rounds at good h»lf pace. Mr. Watson's King John and Welshman are lookiug well, aud have done good useful work during (he w<ek. Tanrfstickor, Liddiugton, and the Don Giovanni — Fleetwing horse have beeu goiug steady. 