The Heavenly Wind. Br tee Bit. 0. H. Sptoqeojt. * The wind bloweth where it listeth, end thon hearest the sonnd thereof, bat canstnot tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that ! is bomof the Spirit.'—John Hi., 8. fTIAKE the text in reference to the Holy 1 8pirit Himself. The figure is the wind, and, as most of you know, the Hebrew word for ' wind' and for ' spirit' is the same; and it is interesting to note that the same is true with the Greek word 'pseuma' which signifieth both * breath' end ; spirit,' eo that the figure which the Saviour used might very naturally grow out of the word which He employed. The wind is air tn motion, and is, of course, matsrial; but air is apparently more spiritual Ulan any of the other elements, except fire, since it is not to be grasped by tho hand nor seen with the eye. It is certain that wind really exists, for we hear the sound then of and observe its various effects, bat it is not to be touched, handled, or gazed upon j men cannot traffic in it, or measnre it in scales, or weigh it in balances. We may watch for hours as we . will the clouds as they hasten along like winged fowl, hut the wind which driveth them is out of our sight; we observe the waves roused to fury in the tempest, but the breath which so excites them we cannot see. Hence the word becomes all the more excellent a figure of that mighty power, the Holy Ghost, of whose ex istence' no man ever doubts who has come under his influence, hut who, nevertheless, is not to be tracked in Ids movements, nor to be seen as to his divine person; for he is mysterious, incom prehensible, and divine. The metaphor of the wind cannot fully set forth the Holy Spirit, as you know; and, con sequently, many other natural figures are em ployed, such as fire, dew, water, light, oil, and so on, in order to exhibit all the phases of his influence; but still the wind is a most instruc tive metaphor as far as it goes, and as we cannot draw forth all its teachiogin one. sermon let tube content to keep as closely as we canto ♦is text. The wind is a figure of the Holy Ghost in . ' "-ecnees—'The wind bloweth where it }.' Ji", We speak of the wind as the very ' luteta. '-eadom: we sav to those who would Im5?e, , vn> bind the winds,' as for ourselves, enthral us, g 'free as the winds which roam we claim '-n"' Ho one can fetter the wind. at their own writ. . ^to the Hellespont to Xenes threw cha . ^ ^ ^ ^ £ongfl ^itv^'for^totte^fc1 tho wiodj" Ihs to talk of forging Sled to. Cm-ar may freezes are not to be dte. ^ ^ in his^Se ^ be looks ffi The. Pope -V arft&ssax; the holy father and the cardinals. -t copfa":nc° of plempotentiaries from all the Butope may sit for a w?ek and resolve nnam monsly that the east wind shall not blow for the next six months, but it will take no heed of the arrangement, and wfll cast dust into the counsellors' ey«s, and whistle at their wisdom. Ko proclamation nor purpose under heaven wfll be able to affect the wind by so much as h.tf a point of the compass. It will blow ac cording to its own sweet will, where it p eases, when it pleases, how it pleases, and as it pleases, for ' the windblowelh where it listeth-' 8 j is it, only in a far higher and more empha'ic 6d.se. I with the Holy 3pi-it, for he is most free and | absolute. Ye know that the wind is in the j l,—* of God, and that he ordaiaeth every , xephvr and eich tornado : winds arise and tempests blow by order from the throne supreme; but as for the Holy Spint, He is Goi himself, and absolutely ftea, and worketh yrsrilinr to hie own will and pleasure amongst .the eons of men. One nation has been viti'cd I by the Holy Spirit and not another-who shell -tell me why? Why lie yon heathen lands in ihe dense darkness while on Britain the light as concentrated? Why has the Reformation taken root in England and among the northern nations of Europe, while in Spain and Italy it hae left scarce a trace? Why blows the Holy Spirit here and not there ? la it not that he doeth as He wi-ls ? ' I wfll have mercy on whom I wi 1 have mercy, and I will have compassion on - whom 1 will have com psssion' is the declaration of the divine sovereignty, and the Spirit of God in His movements confirmelh it. Among the nations where the Spirit of God is at work tow is it that he blesselh one mm and not another? How i) it that of two men bearing the same sermon, and subje.-t to the same in floences at home, one is taken and the other left ? Two children nnrsed at the same breait. and trained by the same parents, grow up to different ends. He who perishes in sin has eo oae to blame but himself, but he who is ssved ascribes it aU to grace - why ca me that pace to him? We never dare to lay the fault of man » not repenting and believing upon God—that xesteth with the evil will which reluied to obey the gospel; bnt we dare not ascribe the eavmg difference in the esse of the one wh> believes to any", natural goodness m himself, but we attribute it all to the grace of God, and believeJhat the Holy Spirit worketh in such to mill and to do according to his own good jilev sure. But wliy worts lis ia us ? Why in any of the chosen ?'Ah, why ? 'The wind bioweth where it listeth.' So, too, is it with the blessing which rests upon ministries. One man winnelh souIb to God, and as a joyous roaper rcturneth with full sheaves, but another who goelh fcwth with strong desires, and seems at lesst to bo as earnest as his follow, comes homo with a scanty handful of ears, which he has painfully gleano i. Why is one man's not full of fish aDd anotlior's I utterly empty? One servant of the lord seems, whenever he rtands up to preach the gospel, to attract men to Jesus as'though ho* hsd golden chains in his mouth which he did* cast about men's hoar's to draw lliom in joyful captivity to his l.ord, vKiile another cries in bitterness of s.ul, 'Who hath believed. our report?' Truly, 'tho wind bloweth wlwro it listeth.' Ay, And theso changes happen to each man ' severally: one • day' tlie preacher shall" he * all alive, his spirit shall be stirred within liim, and "he shall spsak evidently with the Holy Ghost sont down from heave*.and* to morrow he shall'find himself dull and' heavy, evon to his own consciousness, and even more so to his people's experience, for the poser rests not upon him. One day he spcaketh like the voice of' God, acd another day he is but as a reed shaken of the wind. His fat kino of years gone by are devoured by the lean cattle of the present. He has his famine as well as his plenty. Ton shali-sec him came forth to day with tho unction of the Lord upon him, and his face shining with the glory of fellowship with the Most High, and to* morrow he shall soy, 'Look not upon mo, for I am black,' for the glory shall havo de parted. We know what i*. is to come forth like Samson when his locks were shorn; and to shake ourselves as at other times and discover that the Lord is not with ns. Why all this ? Is it not because ' the wind bloweth where it listeth?' The Holy Spirit, for his own wise reasons, puts not forth an equal power-upon any man at all times. Wo cannot control nor command the Spirit of the living God; he is in the highest sense a free agent. 'Thy free Spirit' is the name which David gave him, and a most appropriate namo it is. Tot, beloved, do not fall into a misappre hension. The Holy Ghost is absolutely free in his operations, but he iB not arbitrary; he doeth as he wills, but his will is infallible wisdom The wini, though we have no eon trol over it, hath a law of its own, and the Holy Ghost iB a law unto himself;-lie doeth as he wills, hut he willeth to do evormore that which is for the best. Moreover, we know with regard to the wind that there are certain places where you will almost' always find a breeze; not ■ here, in the teeming city, nor down in the valley shut in by the mountains, nor on yonder steaming marsh; but lift up your eyes to the hills, and mark how tlie breeze courses along the downs, and. sweeps the summits of the mountain ranges. In the morning and the evening, when the inland air is hot as an oven, gentle winds cime to and from the sea and fan the fiher's che-k : you may find places where the air seems always stagnant and men's hearts grow heavy amid the feverish calm, but there are elevated hill sides where life is easy, for the air exhilarates by its perpetual freshness Brethren, among lively saints, in the use of the means of grace, in private prayer, in communion with the Lord, yon will find the wind that bloweth where it listeth always io motion. The wind, too, hath at least in some lands its times and seasons. We know that at certain times of the year we may expect winds, and if they come not to a day or two, yet, as a role, the month is stormy; and there are also train winds, monsoons which blow with remarkable regularity and are counted upon by mariners. And so with the S.int of Gol. We knowthat at certain times he visits tho churches, and under certain conditions puts forth His power. If, for instance, there is mighty prayer, you may he sure the Spirit of God is at work; if the people of God meet together and htsi'ge the throne of grace with cnos and tears, tho spiritual barometer indicates that tho blessed wind is rising. Besides, the Holy Spirit has graciously connected himself with two things— truth and prayer. Preach the truth, publish the gospel of Jesus Christ, and it is the habit of the Holy Spirit to make the word quick and' powerful to the hearts of men. If we falsify his woid, if we keep back part of the truth, if wo become unfaithful, we cannot expect the Holy Epirit to bltss ns; bnt if onrteaching be Christ crucified, lovingly sat forth, sna if tho graci of God in it* fnlnews bo really declared, the Holy Spirit will Bttend the txath and make it the great powey of God. I will no*, say that it is afwavs, and' without exception so, but I think cicoptions must be rare;. almost invari ably the Spirit beare'h witness with the truth in the conversion of men. So too with prayer, the Holy spirit is pleased to connect himself wish that al o,if itbebelievingprefer. Herclhc conneotion is exceedingly intimate, because it is the Spirit of God who himrelf gives the belief ing prayer, and it is not only true that tho Spirit will be given in answer to piuyr, but the Spirit is already given or the behoving prayer would never have been offered- Tho spirit of prayerfnlneis, the spirit of anxiety for the conversion of men is one of the surest in * die-lions that the Holy Spirit is already at work in the minds "f his people. ■ Doming back, however, to th* great foci that we cannot command the Holy Spirit, what inDuencd ought that truth to haroup^n usr •hould it not te just this ? It should lead us to be very tender and jealous in onr conduct towards the Holy Ghost, so that we do not grieve him and cause him to depart from us. Vex not the Spirit. When you enjay his gracious operations be devoutly grateful, and walk humbly before God, that vou may retain them ; and when he is 'at work let not negli gence on y ur part oause you to receive the Sraoe of God in vain. I he wind blew, but the tador was asleep; it was a favourable breeze,. but he had east anchor and his barque moved .not. V Jw M know it all through' tlio night ho would havo eoread his sail and have mado 6°°" headway towards his port ; but he elumbere , and the blessed wind whistled Through the cordage and the aliip lay idle at its moorings. Let it not be so with us Never suffer tho Spirit of God to bo with us and Und us regard less of his presence In the olden times when country uooplo depended more than tbev do now on tt e u»o of the windmill to grind their corn, somo parishes would be half-starved when week after week there had been no wind, ine miller would look up anxiously, and overvbody , io the pariah would become n watchman tor ins sails, hoping thai they would soon bo set in motion. If the breezo stirred at the dead of night, and the miller was sonnd asleep, some- j body or other would run and knook him up. 'The wind is -blowing,; the wind is blowing, grind our corn.' So ifc ought to bo .whenever the Spirit of Qod is vigorous work ing in Ins church} wo should eagerly avail our aclvot of his power. ITc should be ao anxious fir his divine operations that all should bo on the watch, so that if somo did not discover it otilers would, and obferrant ones would cry, ' I ho Holy Ghost is working with us j let ari-e and labour more abundantly.Hoist sail when tho wind favours ;. you cannot command it, therefore carefully value it. ' ~ . A "Celestial" Mabiiiage.—Wo (says iho Cooxiowi Courier) must apologise to Mr. Ah KeOn Wo believe that is the' gontlema-i'e name. Ho was married on Saturday, the 6th January, just as, ■ , \- Eveninecamo. # _ _ Tho sottinr snn stretched his celestial rods of light Across tho level landscape; and, like the Hebrows - In Egypt, smoto the rivers, brooks, and ponds, And they became as blood. WtU, Mr. Ah So On was in luck—thatis, he waa married to Miss Ah Luck, who is a new arrival Eiom the flowery Land, and who was arrayed in the Chinese costumo, which con-is ted of a blue epd ro 1 pahtaloon dress and sleeves, her hair beautifully decorated with wax-flowers and sho wore the Chinese shoes; she carried a fan,'and a splendid silk handkerchief. More chUd'iko face. The marriage took place in the, Clerk of Petty Session's office, and M». Ih M-di was a wilness to the proceedings Wo were also present. Mrs. Ah Ke On behaved as bashfully as European ladies, and when the words "'Will yon take this man to be thy hui band " were repeated, the hung her head, and pettishly rep'i-d: "SuDg tong" or something that sounded like those words . We wish Mr. and Mrs. Ah Ke On luck ! Bathbb Awkwaed.—At a meeting of the members of the Border Agricultural Pastoral and Mining Society of Stanthorpe, held on the 19ih January, it was moved by Mr. Pyne and seconded by Mr. Fletch-r thatMr. W. A. Noble bo requested to resiga his office of vice-presi dent. In the Border Post of 8&turday; last Mr. Noble explains how this came to pass, conclud ing his letter as follows" As neither myself, nor, as far as I can lean, any other so- called member, has qualified himself for membership this tear, I am in doubt as to the legality of any of the proceedings of the society. If members will qualify themselves in the 03ual way, then they may legally appoint or elect a n w com mittee, including president and vice-presidents. Under ciisiing circumstances, it will scarcely be advisable to ask me to resign my position, if, indeed, I can he said to hold one." He seems to have them there '' Another Alligator SrOEY.—A lady and hor fair daughter were"standing near tho - creek at Yaamba when they actually heard the grunting of a pig. Happily there are other places on this gracious ea-th. besides Yaamba where that melodious sound may be heardbut it rarely happens that a pig has such strong motives for grunting. The lady and her daughter went to the bink of the creek, and there they saw that a great slimy'alligator had formed a strong attachment for a great fat pig, ' and was bearing it ungracefully away by tho hind leg The voice of tho lady and her fair daughter harmonised with that of the pig in protesting against its forcible abduction, but the cruel monster >o )k no heed thereof. He bore the homely creature away, and the lady and her fair daughter still mourn the loss of the bacon that was to be.—Townsville Bulletin. Tjie Cleemomt Bailwat.—We learn from tho Peak Downs Telegram that Mr. Gwynsth, engineer in ohaigo of construction, intends to have the remainder of the branch line—from ! anglon to ficrmpnt fit for slow traffic on the CTtli of February. Tho construction engine has been over the Satidy Creek, bridge, ahd within four mil s of the station In course of conversation, M r. Gwyncth stated that there is no reaspn lo apprctynd from floods a stoppage A traffic for more thin two days aft-r the lubsidence of the water in what are regarded as the worst places. The Customs coUtcfion» at Port Douglas for the whole of . j the jear, 1883, amounted to £13,421 6a The collections for tho fortnight ended 16th January, 138-4, amount to £664 6s Id. 