BIOGRAPHICAL SAMUEL JOHNSON. Born September 18,1709; died December 13, 17a A Philistine of the Philistines, Samuel Johnson stands* for all time as the central figure of the English literary life of the eighteenth century. Critics of a more liberal and cultivated if of a leas sincere and out spoken age wonder that such a man as he, with his big, ungainly figure, his harsh mannerisms and blind prejudices, should have been accepted aB their diotator by men like the greatest cf English orators, the noblest of English painters, or him of whom Johnson himself said, " Nvltwn quod letigit rum ornavit." The secret of his extra ordinary power over his contemporaries is to be fonnd in the genuine character of the man. In the eighteenth century England was English to the core. The world had not yet grown so weary as to despise patriotism, nor so wise as to scoff at religion. Now, Johnson was the type of a literary John BulL England was the god of his idolatry, London was co him the centre of the universe, George HI. was the finest gentleman in it. Religion then was a real thing; it was active and bellicose. Fart of its creed was hatred of the French, and Johnson conld see.fnothing good in them. A Tory must detest everything American, and Johnsont the last of the Tories, says" I am willing to love all man kind, except an American." A firm believer in the divine right of kings he strongly dis approved of the Royal Marriage Bill, "because," said he, " I would not have the people think that the validity of marriage depends on the will of man, or that the right of a king depends on the will of man." If he could come to life again now the liberali zation of onr Universities wonld shock him. "Our Universities were founded to bring sp members for the Church of England, and we must not supply our enemies with arms from our arsenal." All this _we now re cognise to be bigotry and prejudice, but in Johnson's time tney were articles in the Tory faith. And he never minced words in Baying what was given him to say. With no Sympathy for the spiritual or the artistic side of human nature, he laid hold of the practical with a firm strong grasp. Matter of-fact and prosaic to the core, he acquired the influence over his world which a strong mind must always wield over gentler spirits, and hence it is that we find all literary Eng land s abeervient to his every whim. One or two here 2and there—some ^Horace Walpoie or Charles James Fox—would refuse to listen to the voiceqof this strong charmer, but Burke, Reynolds, Goldsmith, Garrick, Beau clerk, Langton, and Percy trill khang on his every word. We question mnch whether onr age knows much of Johnson's works. How many even have read Boswell's "Life?" The Times said a short time ago thatjthe bestjwaytto celebrate Johnson's centenary .was to become better acqnainted with his life and works, and the very article in which it gavekthis excellent ad vice showed its ignorance of main points in bis story. We know of no better book for a man to keep by him for leisure moments. No matter where the volume opens there is mat ter of interest. To read it through from be ginning to end is not a whit more pleasing and instructive than to lay regular siege to the " Faery Queene." In his "Life" Boswell has t aiBed a monument to his idol more en during than brass. When the "Rambler" and the "Idler," when "Rasselas" and the Vanity of Human WisheB have beenforgotten, when even the "Lives of the Poets" and the Dictionary are no more than relics, Boswell's "Life of Johnson" will be remembered. Until recently it was accepted as the greatest biography in the world, and, until better cause be shown, we for ourselves cannot think that it in any way yields to Froude's "Life of Cariyle." And it will last for this reason. Everything which is genuinely human is of interest to mankind. And in Boswell's pages the Man is everywhere clearly visible, Here is no shilly shally, undecided clothes-prop, whispering nothings delicately, and delighting fashion ables with his dilettante talk, He is a real man, speaking in a big manly voiee—nay, sometimes shouting furiously—who hesitates at nothing. He dasheB along with a heroic might and speed. Life is to him a serious thing. It must be undertaken seriously. To him. as surely as to Bunyan, the world waB filled with powers ol evil. There must be no turning back, they must be attacked with all vigour, and con quered, whatever befall. Smolletts and Walpoles may jest or sneer at him, may call him the " Great Cham of Literature," or talk of his " blind Toryism and known brutality," ] but Johnson had nis work to do and merely tossed off such assailants as one brushes flies away in summer. Above all things, he lived in the constant presence of a hereafter. Death was to him more than a ceasing to live. It was the beginning of another life, the first step upon a new sphere with boundless poten tialities. His life was miserable at its close, yet he dreaded to die. The burdenB which age and disease and the loss of friends imposed upon him were no light fardels, yet hs chose rather to bear them, being filled with | an intense fear of death. As his life was drawing to a close, " it was observed to Dr. Johnson that it seemed strange that he who bad so often delighted bis company by his lively and brilliant conversation should say he was miserable. Johnson—' Alas! it is all outside; I may be cracking my joke, and cursing the sun—Sun, how 1 lude thy beams P" Brave, he felt that bravery had no place where it conld avail nothing; wise, he knew his fanlts too well; honest, he could not feign a calm which he did not feel—and thus his thoughts of death were ever clouded with doubts and fears. All tbis—this manliness in life, this sin cerity. this helplessness before the eternities —is distinctly numan and entirely English. Cariyle, himself somewhat of a Johnson , without his sincerity, reminds us of the pro- ! verb, "The life of the lowest mortal, if faithfully recorded, would be interesting to the highest," and proceeds—" How much more when the mortal in question was already distinguished in fortune and natural quality, so that his thinkings and doings were not significant of himself only, but of large masses of mankind." Such a mortal was Samuel Johnson. But his biography should live longer than his works for this reason also. He was a bora conversationalist. If that critic was right who described Goldsmith as one Who wrote like an angel, and talked like poor Poll, it is fair to say that Johnson wrote like a mnTi of great talent, but talked like a genius. It was when he was sitting at the head of the table, when the members of the Club were listening to bis eveiy word, that Johnson was in his glory. All kindB of topics were started, and on all Johnson had some thing to say. He had read more than ! any there: he was a profound Latin ' scholar; and his knowledge of English litera ture was unequalled. At times his whole being would be stirred to the depths by an antagonist's challenge. No man could lay down any dogma, but the doctor was pre pared to meet it, to contradict it, and to triumph by fair means or by foul. For be by no means hesitated to bawl down such of his opponents as could not be reasoned down. " Why, no, Sir," was the tin variable exor dium, and then he thundered forth. And, triumphing as he did in conversation, it is by his conversation that be ought to be judged. Boswell has given a full account of j such evenings at the Club as he witnessed, and in bis vivid account of Johnson and hiB talk lies the chief charm of his Life. Let us finish abont Boswell at once. Most people have got their opinion about him from j Macaulay's famous essay on Croker's edition. Some few have drawn the same conclusions from a perusal of the Life. It seems to us that Boswell has been judged too harshly. Macaulay's brilliant paradox, "If he had not been a great fool, he would never have been a great writer," has influenced the judgment of many. Bat was Boswell a great j fool? He wrote the most extraordinary things; with the extremest minuteness he recorded all the angry and contemptuous remarks which Johnson made about him. Above ail things, he was a biographer and a hero-worshipper. He admired Johnson from the bottom of ids heart, and spared no pain if be conld bnt make him seem greater. His introduction to his hero is excellent reading, | and as it affords a sample of his whole after condnct we reproduce the story. I " On Monday, the 16th of May, when I was sitting in Mr. DavieB's back parlour, after ] having drunk tea with him and Mrs. Davies, Johnson unexpectedly came into the shop, and Mr. Davies having perceived him, through the glass door in the room in which we were sitting, advancing towards us, he j announced his awful approach to me same what in the manner of an actor in the part of Horatio when he ad dresses Hamlet on the appearance of his father's ghost, "Look, my Lord, it I" I found that I had a very perfect comes 1" _ idea of Johnson s figure, from the portrait of him painted bv Sir Joshna Reynolds soon after he had published his Dictionary, in the attitude of sitting in his easy chair in deep meditation; which was the first picture his friend did for him, which Sir Joshua very kindly presented to me. Mr. Davies men tioned my name, and respectfully introduced me to him. I was much agitated; and recol lecting his prejudice against the Scotcht of which I had heard much, I said to Davies, "Don't tell where I come from." "From Scotland," cried Davies, roguishly. "Mr. Johnson." said I, '*1 do indeed come from Scotland, but I cannot help it." 1 am willing to flatter myself that 1 meant this as light pleasantry'to soothe and conciliate him, and not as an humiliating abasement at the expense of my country. But, however that might be, this speech was some what unlucky; for with that quickness of wit for which he ! was so remarkable, he seized the expression, | "come from Scotland," which I used in the sense of being of that country; and, as if I had said that I had come away from it, or left it. retorted— "That, Sir, I find, is what a very great many of your countrymen cannot help." This stroke stunned me a good deal, and when we had sat down I felt myself not a ! little embarrassed, and apprehensive of what ' might come next. This extract may suffice to give Buch readers as have hitherto denied themselves the pleasure of reading.Boswell, some idea of what his book is like. Only twice, so far as we remember, does he hesitate to say the whole truth. Johnson was too hard upon him, and even Boswell could not immortalize his utter discomfiture. Another man had once the intention of writing the life of Johnson. A man of quite another stamp from Boswell, Dr. Samuel Parr would have represented a different side of the doctor's character. He often engaged in wordy war with the redoubtable dictator, and, if we are to believe liimBelf, was not always unsuccessful. Let the reader see from the first meeting of Johnson and Parr what kind of man the latter was. They met in Langton's house, and, when Parr had left, Johnson said to his host— " Sir, I am obliged to you for having asked me thiB evening. Parr is a fair man. I do not know when I have had an occasion- of such free controversy." Parr, alluding to this meeting, said— " I remember this interview well; I gave him no quarter. The subject of our dispute was the liberty of the Press. Dr. Johnson was very great. Whilst he was arguing I observed that he stamped; upon tnis X stamped. Dr. Johnson said, ' Why did you stamp, Dr. Parr?' I replied, 'Sir, because you stamped, and I was resolved not to give yon the advantage even of a stamp in the argument.'" As a critic JohnBon will be remembered for his " Lives of the Poets." One does not always agree with his estimates of the various men ana books which passed under his notice. Thus, few will think less of Gray because JohnBon condemned him, Yet it is due to his memory to acknowledge that be wrote much less severely about the author of the " Elegy" than he spoke. "Sir," he said to Boswell, " he (Gray) was dull in company, dull in his closet, dull everywhere. He was dull in a new way, and that made many people think him great. He was a mechanical poet" Another poet whom Johnson could not appreciate was Milton. Here is what he says of " LycidaB—" The diction is harsh, the rhymes uncertain, and the numbers unpleas ing. ... In thiB poem there is no nature, for there is no truth; there is no art, for there is nothing new." But the reader who wants to know now Johnson could write when his sympathies were rouBed should renew his acquaintance with the monographs on Pope, Savage, Dryden, or_ Young. These contain specimens,.of beautiful prose, and they are marked by strong critical powers. How about Johnson as a poet? He wrote verses against Mb genius. He was too great a rhetorician to be much of a poet, ana too genuine a man to be a satirist like Pope or I Churchill. When he came to London satires were the fasMon. In James the First's days every young poet wrote a play; when the early GeorgeB reigned every; young poet wrote a satire. Hence Johnson's "London," which waa published in the same year as Pope wrote his " 1738." The older writer sought to discover the author of " London," but could only ascertain that he was some obscure person named Johnson. "He will be dtterri," said Pope. This satire will be chiefly remembered for the line— Slow rises worth, by poverty depress'd, and the couplet All sciences a fasting Monsieur knows, And bid him go to hell; to hell be goes. The latter a free imitation of J uvenal's— Augur, schcenobates, medicos, magus; omnia novit Graculus esuriens; in coelnm jusseris, ibit. Some eleven years later, in the same year that Gray finished his "Elegy," Johnson published what must be considered his finest poem. The " Vanity of Human Wishes" is an imitation of Juvenal's Tenth Satire, It contains several lines of rare worth—some of wMch have almost become household words. Such are. Deign on the passing world to turn thine eyes, And pause awhile from learning, to be wise; or, Around his tomb let Art and Genius weep, But hear bis death, ye blockheads, hear and sleep; or, From Marlb'rough's eyes the streams of dotage flow. And Swift expires a drivler and a show. Perhaps the best known of all Johnson's couplets is that one wMch he inserted in Goldsmith's " Traveller Bow small, of all that human hearts endure, That part which kings or laws can canae or core 1 Would readers like to see Johnsonas a comio poet? Here is one of his effusions, which, we believe, few would recognise as his:— Hermit poor, in solemn cell, Wearing out life's evening grey. Strike thy bosom, sage, ana tell, Which is bliss and which the way ? Thus I spoke, and speaking sighed, Scarce repressed the starting tear, When the hoary saga replied, "Come, my lad, and drink some beer 1" This is elephantine humour enough. John son's gambols were all of this native. When he made a joke he roared it out, and there was none of that subtle irony ana keen wit wMch could cut without bruising. John son's humour was of the sledge-hammer kind. Yon feel it becanse it is so big and heavy. In 1755 Johnson finished nis Dictionary. Everybody knows how he struggled j on at this great work alone and almost unaided. " The English Diction ary." he writes in his Preface, was written with little assistance of the learned, and without any patronage of the great, amidst inconvenience and distraction, in sickness and in sorrow." It was received with enthusiasm and compliments, bat Johnson cared for none of these thingB. " I may sure ' be contented," he says farther, " without the praise of perfection which if I could obtain in this gloom of solitude what would it avail ? I have protracted my work till most of those whom I wished to please have sunk into the grave, and success and miscarriage are empty sounds. I therefore dismiss it with frigid tranquillity, having nothing to fear or hope from censure or from praise." Some of the definitions are matter of history. " Patron" is "a wretch who suppoits with insolence and is paid with flattery." " Lexicographer" is " a harmless drudge that busies himself in tracing the original and detailing the signifi cation of words." " Network" is " anything reticulated or decussated at equal distances, with interstices between the intersections." But the definitions about which most noise was made were those of " Pension," "a grant made to any one without an equivalent. In England it is generally understood to mean pay given to a State hireling for treason to his country," and "Pensioner," "a slave of State, hired by a stipend to obey hiB master." When, some five years later, he himself accepted a pension, a load outcry was mode, and hiB satirica definitions, were thrown _in his teeth. Johnson conld afford to despise these, and his pension of £300 a year was turned to good account. Besides himself, it maintained five persons and saved them from the workhouse. He did, indeed, endeavour to return the obligation by means of certain political pamphlets; but here he was wan dering from his own path, and the tracts fell flat. If the present article were intended to be more than a mere sketch of Johnson's life-work, we should give here some account of the Thrales, with whom he was so intimately connected, and who had certainly great influence upon his character. But we must content ourselves with merely mentioning the fact. Of his domestic life there iB little to be stud. He married a woman much older than himself, and always loved her tenderly. He had a curious way of asserting his authority at times. Witness his description to Boswell of their Petruchio—Catherine ride on horse back after their marriage. " Sir, she had read the old romances, and had got into her head the fantastical notion that a woman of spirit should use her lover like a dog. So, Sir, at first she told me that I rode too fast,I ana she could not keep up with me; and when I rode a little slower, she passed me and complained that I lagged behind. I was not to be made the slave of caprice, and 1 resolved to begin as I meant to end, I therefore pushed on briskly till I was fairly out of her sight. The road lay between two hedges, so 1 was snre she could not miss it, and 1 contrived she should come up with me; when she did, I observed her to be in tears." A word about Johnson's style. It has always been the subject of severe criticism since, if not before, Goldsmith remarked to him "If you were to write a fable about little fiBhes, Doctor, you would make the little fishes talk like whales." Macaulay invented a term for Johnson's language— "Johnsonese," and Hazlitt went lurther in philosophic criticism when he wrote— "Doctor Johnson endeavoured to give an air of dignity and novelty to his diction bv affecting the order of words used in poetry. In fine, Johnson was a Latinist: his words and their arrangement are alike Latin. Re garded as such, he was a master of language, because he could express himself with clear ness and dignity; but regarded as an English writer, he takes a comparatively low rank. With all his faults—and he had a great many—Johnson was a power for good. A hundred years have passed since he breathed ms last. His dying bed was sur rounded by the greatest men of the literary world—men who had known of his life'B work, and who had often felt the weight of his bitterest attacks. He had a kind word and a farewell for each of them. But his last thoughts were not given to them. A woman came to crave his blessing, and the last words of the harsh, rough man were—" God bless you, my dear! After life's fitful fever, he sleeps well. Life had been hard and^cruel enough to him. He had suffered many a bitter agony and fought many a hard fight. But he quitted himself like a man. Giving no quarter, he expected none. With no deceit in his composition, he loathed a lie and spoke the truth—or such imperfect truth as ne knew—with no uncer tain sound. " Here also was a Man," says Cariyle; "let the world once more have assurance of a Man ?" 