MISCELLANEOUS. The Commercial Hotel at Deniliquin, Victoria, was destroyed by fire on the morn ing of February 14. Four of the inmates were suffocated. During the past week a veritable ghost appeared to a farmer near the Lower Light. He went out after dark to give hia horse a feed, and while doing so he states that a man, naked with the exception of a pair of boots, jumped up and adininstered two or three smart kicks to him, and then disap peared. The poor farmer said afterwards that it looked like a man who had a grudge against him, but hi* neighbors are of opinion that he ran up against one of the horses, who, resenting the intrusion, gave him a kick or two to make him more careful in the future. — Bunyip. Modern Society has the following para graph about a ladies' cricket match : — ' A cunous cricket match was played at Denton Park a few days ago, all the players beiutr ladies. These were 2G in number, two being married and the rest single. The divided skirt would have been of great ser vice on this occasion, for 10 of the players were run out, showing that their dresses must have impeded their running powers. Nine of the ladies were ' ducks,' and only one was caught, and we hope ehe was not one of the married ones. One of the mar ried ladies carried her bat right through the innings for two. Fortunately the ball did not make too close an acquaintance with the faces of any of the lady cricketers.' There were not less than 60 or GO at a table, and when the guests were in the height of animated conversation, and just as the cloth was drawn they were inter rupted by a crash. A servant in removing a cut-glass epergne, which formed the central ornament of the table, lot it fall, and it was dashed into a thousand pieces. An awkward silence fell upon the company, who scarcely knew bow to treat the acci dent, when the host, then the well-kuown George Payne, relieved their embarrassment by cheerfully exclaiming, ' James, break as much as you like, but don't make such a confounded noise about it !' And under cover of the laug-h this excited, the frflg nienia vrwe reaortd, and the talk went on sj if nothing had happened. This, it f-tr.ket us, was the presence of miud of good breed ing. 