iahfa' qfolffliffl. LADDE3 NEWSLETTER. (From our Lady Correspondent] London, October 30, 1881. Any. direct departure trom time-nonorea custom is sure to challenge criticism, kindly or severe, as the case may be. The represen tation of Hamlet, as at present played by Mr. Wilson Barrett at the Princeia's, is un conventional, bnt it is the result, no doubt, of tbe analysis made by this rising actor o the character of the Prince of Denmark ; and though the interpretation differs consider .Un 3*. ^MMt-alH ??.!« fMM 4-\% A V will mWIJ Ul IXKUHU Rb.W UVU klWk 1»HU which London playgoers are familiar, it remains to be seen by the test of time whether the new features introduced by Mr. Barrett will receive general sanction or be regarded as having falsified the text and general meaning of the play. It is certainly daring to alter Shakespeare's text, and by making Hamlet a youth Instead of a man of the world, experienced in all its dubious ways, some inconsistency is here and there inevitable. There are passages which dU ?tinctly fix the age of the Prince at thirty years or thereabout, and the soliloquy and the thoughts which engendered it,- he should hardly expect to find in the addle pated utterances and ideas of a youth whose years scarcely exceed a score. The altered representation of other characters seems.more intelligible. Hitherto the Queen of Denmark and her sew spouse appeared too advanced ia life to ?substantiate some of the accusations hurled at them by the avenging ?prince. If at all Mr. Barrett has erred in snaking her majesty too juvenile, for she looks barely thirty,, whilst the Mog must have been « quarter of a century his brother's junior; it the ghost were as like as two hands to its 'mundane original. Not only situations have ;been changed, but many of the attitudes familiarised by usage have been sub versed. Hamlet, for instance, instead of lying-prone at the feet ol Ophelia in the piay scene, is seated on a rustic bench by iier.rside, -ahe being clad.in.p6la pink .robes.. Now Mifls Ellen Terry chooses white gar ments in her delineations of the ill-starred daughter of Polonius. M«s Eastkkke, on the contrary, beside tbe pink garments alluded to, wears first a kirtle of some -soft1 blue tissue, embroidered with pearl*, the sleeves being loose «nd wide; a band of blue velvet worked with seed pearls confines her light blonde hair.- A 'woman's eye for elegant details is caught by the tasteful and luxu rious appointments of the Queen's boudoir; it is (he most exquisite of tiring rooms— yet so soon to be made the scene of blood shedding and violence. In it sits her Danish Majesty, surrounded by her women ; she wears a lively amber-hued dressing robe, which harmonises delightfully with the brave tints of her auburn hair. Polonius, whom we hear - by tradition regarded as an aged courtier, is seen as if in the prime of his days, or only a little past them. Hamlet wears the inky cloak, close-fitting tunic,, and black hose of tradition, but has white linen at tbe throat and wrist*. These, in .the course of the play, are excHenied for bands «f red. Insteadbf longhair Mr. Wilson Barrett elects for a short-crop of silty black hair, -and his out- of-door head-gear is a soft conical black felt hat. Everybody is going to-the Princes*'*, and the alterations referred to form a Bubjeot of discussion in every circle and place of assembly. One word more with reference to tire- speech made by Wilson Barrett when called before the curtain at the conclusion of the inittaterv performance. In it .he -aUuded ta the- fast-; that twenty five years 'before he spent hit last sixpence in order to get an opportunity of seeing Charles Sean's* representation of Hamlet, whkm «o -fired his ambittac that tin vowed to play it himself on the same bawds when a man, The realisation of his dream has now been fulfilled; bat some carpers thick it a piece of . claptrap sentiment, entirely unworthy of the tragedian, who has no occasion to resort to such means for enhancing bis undeniable successes. The action brought by Earl Lytton to restrain tbe publication of the late Lord Ljtton's letters to his wife has again been postponed. The alteration in tbe law, as effected by the passing of the Married Woman's Property Act, has produced .many mportent changes advantageous to women, bnt as the letters were written long prior to ench passing, a wife was incapable of holding an? property apart from her husband. Lord Ljtton is his father's executor, and the right to publish the -letters -remains in all oases with the writer or his representatives, and even the letters written before marriage became property vested in the husband after the ceremony. SOIL the executrix of Lady Lytton and her advisers seem inclined to put the case to the test of judgment, but it is thought unlikely they will be allowed to pnblish the book. Many persons think Lord Lytton has been ill-advised in his extracts bave already crept into print, it would have been more dignified to have ignored tbe matter. A nine days' wonder, and tbe private history of deceased persons, would soon have ceased to interest; as it is, curiosity has been wetted by this dread of publicity, and if unsatisfied, will probably strain imagination farther than open relation would justify. However, we shall see. Spurious relics are by no means un cemmen. Mtny prized treasures have three or four, or more, duplicates, eassh being by its possessor accounted original. There &ra; three tkulls of Voltaire knocking about the world, and as for the toenaiis of St. Peter, he must bave shed them with frequent and periodical regularity to account for the number extant. A man In Chicago is said to be in possession of a silver tankard once the property of John Bunyan, and weighing 22 ounces. The vicis. situdes of this valuable if authentic relic are singular. It bears date 1671, and at the death ui nuoyan is oaiu u- nave ureu given iu uw Kev, Andrew GiSord, pastor of tha BaptUt Chapel hi Bedford. His heirs, being in impecunious circumstances, pawned the cup to a London broker. It was finally redeemed, and by right of heirahip, bequest, and purchase finally pwsed into the hands of its present owner, who estimates the worth of the relic at £1,000. The cup is en graved in interlaced capitals, 'Tbe Pilgrim's Progress.' At the bottom is an inscription which tells it is 'the gift of Nathaniel Ponder to Elizabeth, wife of John Bunyan, of Bedford.' It is a pity that this interesting relic should have passed out of English terri tory, but the Tjwaion of Americans for trea sures from the old world is intense, and their veneration of them ia often far in excess of our own appreciation of the belongicgs of past celebrities and times. Hardly an American of any intelligence ccmes to tfcfs country wltcoct visiting Shakespeare's birthplace and place of entomb ment, jet hundreds of thousands of Shakes peare's countrymen, sot by aDy means illite rate, live and die totally unacquainted with the locality sacred to the poet's memory. I am told that though large numbers of the feline race have been imported into Lsad ville and the surrounding district, pussy's constitution does not enable her to stand the climate, the rarefied air found at such an altitude being entirely fatal to the race. It is fortunate for householders that the atmos phere which is destructive of cat* is equally so to the vermin which it is puesy s mission to exterminate, Mtxh wonder has been expressed at the infatuation which induces so many English women to join the Mormon community at Utah. It is a pity Mies Emily Faith ful's work on Mormonum has not a wider circulation, for assuredly if read it would debar her countrywomen from sacrificing honor and happiness by the false representations of the Mormon mis sionaries who yearly recruit in the United Kicgdont. The humiliations and pains which a woman suffers under that detestable system of polygamy have been set forth very graphi cally by Miss Faithful, who spent some time in Salt Lake city, and was there the confidant of the sorrow* ot many a miserable wife. It is sad the chances of matrimony in the mother country are so restricted that not one woman in fifty may hope to wed there, and to in sheer despair the sex is driven to seek marital chances else where. It is a lamentable state of civilisation when the God-given and, holy instincts of women are turned into a channel that debases and defames wifehood and motherhood— are they not holy estates ?— and does not woman regard the fulfilment of these duties as her destiny and the object of her existence— a birthright which present civilisation has de frauded her of. One may weep but hardly wonder that tfce weaker ones who cannot proudly bow the head to a subversion of -uavurtti mvrn, nuu au uour tueir Mw, should be driven to find for them selves that remedy which the laws of their coo&try;, social and moral, deny them. An acquaintance of mine who was invited to meet the celebrated African explorer, Stan ley, this describes him to me:— 'A short, very ordinary-looking little man, firmly built, with a grave, resolute face, and high cheekbones.' Stanley is a Welshman, and was born at St. Asaph in the year ISiO. His real same is John Rowlands. He adopted tbe name he now bears in memory ot a Captain Stanley, with whom he made bis first voyage to New Orleans as cabin boy. This officer proved a most kind and devoted friend to his subordinate. The advantages derived from early educa tion Stanley the explorer never possessed; his first years were spent in a workhouse in bis native town, but no trace of early educa tiODal. -disadvantages are apparent either in the speech or manners of the famous, travel. Ier. His voice is extremely melodious, and though -decidedly uncommunicative concern ing his own share in them he readily relates romantic incidents connected with the wild African tribes he has fallen In with in his re mote wanderings. Stanley's adventures are matter for history, The fpU9wts:- Is a btiet summary of his later career. He fought with: the Confederate army In America, bnt afterwards joined the ? Federals. He - was. taken, prisoner and - suffered many hardships before bis love of. adventure took him on his travels. He went in searehof Livingstone, and at Zanzibar, in Cen tralAfrica, in October, 1871. he accomplished the objeot.'Of his wishes.. Stanley remained with Livingstone until the latter started on bis last and fatal journey. 'Through the. Dark Continent,'' *nd ' fiow I found Living stone,' Stanley's books acquaint the reader with full particulars of that perilous enter prise which has won undying fame for the at one time illiterate watt of charity.— The Duchess of Cumberland, sister to the Prin ceis^of Wales, had a narrow .escape last.week. Passing over a rustic bridge on horseback the structure gave way, and steed and rider fell into the stream below. Though undermost the duchess was only slightly injured, her escape from death . being little Jess than miraculous.— My readers at the antipodes may like to hear what amount of baggage thought essential for royal persons and their, suite who pay a three days' visit— the (rest day, the pressed day, and the day of depar ture being ihe Unit of a royal visit in this enrmtrv. fhn Prfnfinn nt Wnlnn and her husband stayed at Norwich last week, and I happened to be at St. Pancras station on . the day of their return. Two private carriages wereinwaitlng1andforthetTansportoflaggage there were four large, handsomely- built vans, a pair of horses in eaeb, and two stately look ing liveried servants on the box. An or dinar? hcoiehold might with all its belong* ings bave been accommodated in the vehicles found necessary to transport those of the Prince and Princess necessitated by a three The Health Exhibition was formally but quietly cloud yesterday, November 30. It is estimated that over a million and a quarter persons bave visited the Healtheries since its opening hi May hut. The profits, of the . undertaking are roughly estimated at £10.000 or thereabouts. 