TARIS LETTER. ~(TB031 OUBPAKIS COBBESPONDEXT.) ' | Pabis, Jnly 26fcfc. ! The French are becoming impatient at the slowness of Chinese diplomacy, which is always asking \for more time, while France is eager to pocket the 250 millions and so help to sqxare her budget. ■ We now know* that the affair at Langson was not an ambush, bnt mess and muddle on both sides ; an errar of delay on the part of the celestials; a trap de zde blunder on the side of General SBllot. It would be better for China to not ex amine too closely her rights. And France would also do well to not b? too exigeant, as she would hare some to incur also. The occupation-of Foo Chow and of . .Formosa, may entail greater consequences than either disputant can foresee. The conference on Egypt must be in a had state indeed, since the haute hmque, which rules and not M. Ferry, has had to again let slip its dog of war—the press, to abuse England. After the experience of the recent campaign on similar lines, which only provoked smiles in England and directed English sympathies German wards, it was to be concluded France hal seen the folly,of such childishness. Emile de Giradics theory is now taken np, the alliance of France and Germany against England. The odds are rather the other way. So far as Jeames' eaves droppings re veal, the Congress, save France, has not the slightest wish to relieve England of fully executing her role of policeman in Egypt, though deserted by her once col league when the moment arrived for reading the Jtiot Act. The powers care very little about the elevation of Egypt ; secure the Shylock bond holders their pound of flesh, and do as you please with the regeneration of the country. That's the coalition France leads. But she has an axe to grind under this garb of guard ian of the haute hmvpie and the crushing of the fellaheen. She longs for the flesh pots of Egypt; she wants, would give her eyes, to be allowed to re-enter by any door be it side or back. As England cannot now shirk her responsibilities, and as France has told her diplomatically, bnt not tbe less very plainly, she is unfit to administer Egypt, and to make way for the Blignieres and Barieres, it behoves old John to go to work at last, and above all in earnest. Let him indulge no more in romance and twaddle about such Utopias as Belgianiring and internationalising ; let him advance the necessary cash to reorganise Egypt, to put down the Madhi, not a great difficulty if the work be undertaken earnestly, and retain the country as a pledge. Let him adopt the '* hands off," policy towards international Marplots and scheming Faslias ; let him only think of quitting the Xile when the French are packing np to leave Tunisia and Touquin, and above all, let him nominate a repre sentative with the spirit of old Pam and the energy and inflexible resolution of a Stratford de Redcliffe. Then England will he considered io be in earnest ; the fellaheen will pluck np heart of grace, and the swarm of Lilliputians that buzz and live by putting spokes in the wheels of English rule, will vanish like ghosts at cock crow. There has been some excellent speaking in the Senate by Messrs Leon* Say and Simon against the revision of the consti tution as understood by the Cabinet. They only view the project as a ministe rial, not a constitutional measure. The chances are all in favor of the postpone ment of the whole matter to the Greek "KnTonfla The Scrutin de lUte is a much more important reform : that plan of electing deputies trill give a superior class of legis lators, animated by higher views than those of their native parish. And this is now the more important, as France is crippled in her finances and can see no other way out of the tight place, hut ap parently in protection. After increasing the bounty for home sugar growers, and the tax on imported sugars, France is now abont augmenting the tariff 011 Italian and Spanish wines, which, since the phylloxera, are converted into clarets. France has too many irons in the fire at home and abroad. People are commenc ing to demand results. The peasant is a good patriot, will not begrudge his hard won sons in the interests of his country ; bai be is beginning to examine more clu3ely, what are tliose interests. He is a little muddled respecting Tunisia : he is inTgross ignorance about Tonquin, and scratches Ms pate over Madagascar. It is on that expected brewing storm, that the enemies of the republic count. As all parties in Prance split up like tad poles, the royalists bare now a swarming off. The hiring of the right divine see lion to select a ruler of their own, is so much dead wood and weight removed from the court of Paris. But the latter cannot longer maintain his Conrad silence on the political future ; he must sign some programme round, which his friends can rally or disappear. By sending- ihe Dae de Cbartres to Toulon and Marseilles, the Orleanists have made a -little capital out of the \- cholera. But neither Prince "Victor nor his pa pa, have visited the pest centres, nor contributed a sou to the sick funds. \- * The cholerahasnotyetarrived—officially in Paris. The scourge appears to be ; fluting with the capital IS* owhere does it march, happily in seven league boots. \- - The papers teem with information of the plagne, bnt-strange to say, no one talks abont it. People meet, criticise the -weather as ever, allude to the sea side, joke over setting up a new emperor in China, etc., hut not an allusion i3 ever made to- the wolf at the gate. That unknown, intimidates. Have yon re marked at the theatre when any piece— Sardons Haine for example, has allusions ■ to epidemics or pests, how the audience feels squeamish and put about? They inwardly seem to say, after all" supposing we caught it!" As if conversation was infectious. However, people cannot be too guarded, when a journal recommends telegrapMc despatches from Toulon to be fumigated, and the Spanish custom honse .officers disinfect imported chloride of lime. ;, Kothing can assure the timid, as nothing can intimidate the intrepid. So long: as no well-known individual is carried off, society will not go into hysterics. The papers urge us to be gay ; keep up spirit, enjoy round dances, and. bnrn tar barrels. The best fun is, the disarray of medical opinion, Dr. Koch avers the cholera will make the ; . tour i.al -OEnrope ; Dr. Fauvel, that it will be limited to Toulon and \- -.-Marseilles, although it has already over run- Provence. Dr. Gnerin affirms, it is • ..not infectious, Asiatic or sporadic, hut the consequence of an outbreak of diarr hoea among babieB, while the whole matter ha« been capped by Dm. Paul .'•Best and Clemenceau, demanding a par " Hamentary enquiry to discover all abont the plague, which the Chamber, to ita credit, rejected. - : At Toulon the most elementary prin ciples of sanitary precautionsareneglected: \- Some siek have been abandoned and the dead left a long time unhuried ; the filth in the streets is not removed • the dejec tions of the deceased not disinfected, nor the bedding. Some invalids positively refuse to receive the doctors, and simply . - viewthema3 undertakers. At Aries, the -mayor and corporation hare bolted, to escape the contagion ; the bakers have shut up shop and decamped also, so soldiers have to make the bread. At Marseilles, quite a plague of tMeves has set in to prey on the social disorganisation. : ":As the prisons are reported to be now the healthiest institutions, perhaps this may explain why there are so many graduates for admission. \- The municipal council of Paris though they threaten the Prefect of the Seine -—-witif a rising of the citizens if he attempt to take possession of his new quarters in the Hotel de VilJe —they are being kept •for the contemplated Lord Mayor, yet they neglect no precautions against the 'cholera. They inay be questionable politicians, bnt they are admirable ad ministrators. There is a capital supply of water to ilush. and disinfectants are in liberal use. Stationary and ambulatory stoves are organised to purify the clothing and bedding of the affected. The London plan of immediate medical inspec tion of any person "down" is adopted and were you Rothschild, yon would be transported at once to the hospital on the outskirts of the city. The vicars of the churches wore hitherto supposed to alone have the right to order the ringing of the joy bells ; the local mayor has now that privilege, so when the Budget committee cuts down the allowances of the bishops, the church bells can ring out a merry peal, if the mayor be a free-thinker. One vicar has cut the ropes to prevent such scandals. Since divorce has become tbe law of the land, matrimonial agencies announce they have a department specially charged to look after divorce business. The Crystal Palace Co. has changed its site from St. Cloud to Keuilly, so as to compel the Exhibition of 1SS9 to treat with them. They boast to have the necessary fnnds. 