ECHOES OF MELBOURNE [By The Ghost.]; i The long holiday Ministers have . been, enjoying since November lost, has come to an end, and Messrs. Kerferd and Gillies having returned from their Now Zealand pleasure trip, Mr. Service intends getting his team to begin the work of preparation for the Parliamentary session, which is' to: commence ln.tho midcllo of June next; not that there is really very much 'for the Government to do beyond deciding on the railway lines, the construction of which! ristobo recommended, and arriving at some decision in regard to, tho ; way tho magrius opus of Mr. Mirams— the tariff) report — is to bo dealt with. The rest of the promised lepriHln-tinn bpinfr Jp.lnpflv' 'priTiTipnfjul wif.1i social questions, is 'of the kind which, like the American candidate's politics, ' can , b'e altered to suit.' Nothirig'pf a very heroic character is to be attempted, if the adop tion of the principle of Local Option in a newmeosuro to regulate the '.liquor traffic be excepted. 'But' oven ' the, bark of ' this bill will '('' be 'worse', than its bite,' for the clauses' whichV', pro- vide i that compensation is to. bo given to, the,' proprietors, .of 'disfranchised,, public houses by the inhabitants' of 'the locality desirinc their abolition, will cause oven' tho iriost rampant 'of R echabites 'to pause before commencing the wholesale annihila tion of the publicans.1 The gilt ',is very much taken off reforms tliat entail, any general depletion of the breeches pocket, and in this case the Blue Ribbon Army, would certainly have to pay pretty heavily to bringtheir hope of coiripulBorily enforcing eobriety to a thoroughly suce'essf ul fruition. The teetotalers are, ; however, a large and growing power in ^the State,', and there, is very little doubt, therefore, that as .the present Government have, up to the pre sent, shown a great capacity for tempering the wind to the political liinbs of every species of fleece, they, will placate' thel tee total vote by a bill which will be .the shadow, if not the substance,, of what is ;asked for. ?'?.'. ; : ', : Much, however, in the way of initiating fresh legislation will not be done until after the long threatened attack of the jhpnburable and gallant member for Bal-. , larat has unmaskedthe Opposition batteries.' :Major Smith opens flre on the 7 th'i arid is ^o be followed by some of the, rank arid file 'of the 'party' he : aspires'' to lead., This disclosure of tho 'hand before the game commences is generally looked, upon as 'a strategical mistake, /even. by. 'the ; Major's' friends. Mr. Service^ 'despite his own assertions to the contrary, has shown himself to be possossed of a backbone quite as pliable as that of any of liis predecessors,. anais quite ' capable or. profiting py any:. hints, in order to ascertain how the wind1 is, likely to blow, and of trimming his sails ,in jsuch a way' as not' only;' tip. 'Catch the favouring gale)' but 'of ' preventin'g|it'froin inflating his opponent's canvas.1 An unfortunate fataUty'!' appears to. attach to any festivities with which the name of the Marquis of ' No'rmariby is associated, On repeated occasions balls and dinners given by the governor have been postponed, owing to the 'decease of some one of his Excellency's1 nunierous relatives, who would pertinaciously persist in joining the great majority on the Very eve of some of the rare gubernatorial .parties. And now it is the death of the youngest ot our yueen s sons that causes the aban donment of the banquet projected to speed the departing Victorian Viceroy. His Excellency was willing to 'delay .his embarkation fpr a day in order to allow of tho dinner to be held, but the Town Hall was riot available, and there is no other locality in Melbourne sufficiently capacious to accommodate the number of guinea banquetters desirous of being present, and placing their legs under the same maho gany as a peer of the realm. This.is much; to be regretted, for : assuredly his Excel lency's valedictory utterances would' have been invested with tho interest which' invariably attaches to ' last dying speeches , and confessions.' People in articulo inortes generally tell the truth, and Lord Nor manby might haye been expected to express himself something after this fashion: — ' Gentlemen,youare perhaps surprised that the Governorship of Victoria should have gone a-begging, and have been at last bestowed on a comparatively unknown man, but there is- really nothing 'to be made out of the position. A Governor is now: expected to expend his. entire salary in the colonv. He has to ' mv his own aide-de-camp, his own' secretary, his own gardener, and even his ' own gas bill, and nasty remarks- are made in Parliament in regard to his train fares! He is, moreover, expected to entertain as guests at Government House every sprig of nobility that chance wafts to the anti jjyjKLiso, uuu uu LriiULU upuu UUfc! JJU1 LUdB Ul \jllii unsightly building overlooking the Mel bourne manure depot, to every colonial governor, bishop, or big wig of any de scription visiting Victoria's metropolis. He has to invite all the tag-rag and bob tail that choose to attend the levees or call on Lady Normanby (at an average cost of 15s per head), and when in addition you bear in mind that he has to associate at times with ' advisers,' some of whom drop their h's, have a hydrophobic horror of the ' Order of the Bath,' and look urion tho washerwoman as a surplusage in society, it is not a matter for very much surprise that ten thousand a year is not very eagerly sought after by first- rate men. To a wealthy man the position has few attrac tions; and to a poor one, fewer still.' Were Lord Normanby to speak his mind freely before going, the above would be very nearly the gist of his remarks. During the interregnum between the departure of the presont Governor and the. arrival of :his successor, Sir William Stawell is .to act as her Majesty's representative in the colony. This will create a vacancy on tho Supreme Court Bench, which is already thinned by the, absence on leave of Mr. Justice Williams. The opportunity fqr donning the much coveted ermine dis,it is rumoured, not to be thrown away by Mr. Kerford, who, as ? : .Attorney-General, has the appointment of tho Judges as one of his perquisites, and will, , it is said, ap point himsolf . That tho olevation of the . nonouraoie gentleman to the Supreme Court Bench is not an iinjjrobable contin gericy, may be gathered from the fact that ? a candidate supposed to bo in the confi dence of the , momber for Beechworth is ali-eady feeling the electoral pulse of ' that ? constituency. 'Coming o vents are credited with casting their shadows before them, ;and in the neiw Law Courts . Mr. Eerferd silhouette looms ominously. .. .., iTho militia btill hangs fire, and. Mr.'Sar good's ' army', appears as reluctant to- .'. ointhe Defence Force as the Egyptian fellaheen are to fight after ' they have . hqcoine soldiers. There is to be no Easter review, for the simple reason that there are ' ' ;oo few men to take port '.initi , Not even ;he inducement of a '. brown 'fighting uni fohn' is sufficient , to. attract , more to the ranks. Not onp-fnnrf.K nf.tlio i.n/mi'».J number have yet' come forward, and it is- ?' now eviderit that in its present form the - defence scheme, | of which so ? much was ?- expected, is ari . utter, -failure. The University has, made ' an offer to come to the' rescue, but it remains to;be:.seen whether the introduction of a ' '(Class' element' into the national force will' , not make matters worse instead of better. It now is really a question worth considering whether it would not be wise to Igiye ' up 'tinkering' with the question, i - arid moke up our, minds to ask the Horse Guards to send, us .out a , regiment of .'. regulars.' Our Minister of War might ' uuiuiuiiy , reckon on the ladies of Victoria supporting any proposal of the kind. ; , '.;': Mr. Anderson,, the traffic manager of our ? railways, has returned a much travelled ; man. Whether . his peregrinations in foreign parts havo had the proverbial effect ? of enlarging his mind remains to be seen. His leayo had., still some months to ? run, but he has hastened back, a wag in .-'? his office suggesting as , a reason for this . step, that '.' he objects to see his office . Bartered away.' .Unfortunately his return has been signalised by a severe railway accident, in which three persons have lost': their lives, and, a number of others have been, maimed and .injured. Nor has the reign of , the .new , Commissioners com menced auspiciously. They have Jiardly been in office more than a month, and alrpady- there is .'.an accident which will , cost '.the. country some thousands of pounds in tfl,e* shape of compensation, and repairs 52-.:| dftmaged^'rolling ^stock. The Little iRiyer addident shows that even under new political chiefs, railway officials still con tinue to blunder. 'At length the detective police have ,made an arrest' in connection with the tragedy known as the Pettavel murder. The individual ' suspected is an escaped ' lunatic, Captain Donovan, with any nuiri ber of aliases, who left the Tarra' Bend Asylum some months ago, and has eluded the vigilance of his wpuld-bo captors in a manner which shows that in his madness there is a censiderable amount of method. At present the, evidence against the* prisoner is very meagre! He was seen at .thei funeral) and on his clothes there are a four ' oTirt4*ej ' ' ^tfT^irtT. ^T.n n.-.^ ? L. ? ' lytical chemist goes so far as to pronounce . as, 'f possessing the characteristics of human blood.' This is scarcely testimony on which to hang a man. Weaker cases have, however, ere this, been 'worked up' by the detectives, and perhaps before the man is formally charged with the crime, addi tional circumstances may transpire ' to connect tne accused with the murder. The inystery surrounding the crime has cer-: : ' tainly, up to the present, not had much.' light thrown upon it. ',' ? ' '. There is not much in the shape of novelty ?at the theatres. 'Forget me not' still ' runs at the Princess, and at the Opera House 'Jo' and 'The1 Grasshopper' ' appear ' in high favour. At , the Royal, ' The Ticket-of-leave Man,' described in the bills as a ' moral draaia/'.has replaced 'The Two Orphans.' At tho Bijou, Miss Emelie Melville is playiig in English opera and in bouffo to good hpuses. Tho advance agent or Mr. John E. Sheridan , has arrived, and the production : of the famous farcical comedy of ' Fun on the '; Bristol ' is announced; for the end of the month. At the Intercolonial Exhibition a wrestling contest between Donald Dinnio and Professor Miller, for the ' Champion ship of the World,' takes place tomor row. 