SPREAD OF LARRIKINISM. There are many unpleasant indications of late of the existence in these colonies of a “ dangerous class,” which it is the fashion to call the “larrikin” class. The most disgusting of these indications is the con stant recurrence of outrages on women and on girls of tender age. The horrible cases which have occurred during the last few months in Sydney and Melbourne have shocked all who have any feelings of morality or decency. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact, which painfully obtrudes itself, that large masses of the people of Australia are morally rotten. The very idea of morality seems obliterated, and the conscience dead in these monsters in human form. They are below the most degraded savages. Man is a body animated by an immortal soul endowed with reason and intelligence.. That reason, illuminated by divine faith and aided by grace, is given to him to guide,, direct, and govern him in all the actions of his life. Conscience is the voice of God within him dictating what is right, and for bidding what is wrong. But man can so deaden and stifle “the still small voice” of conscience that, in time, it almost ceases to bo heard, or is silenced altogether. Then man is reduced to the level of the brute. He is a mere animal, and seeks the gratifi cation of passion without shame and with out remorse. Woe to the nation in which these obscene monsters find a firm footing and vantage ground, for they will bring on society a calamity infinitely greater than famine, plague, and pestilence. It is to be feared that we, in Australia,. are threatened with this dreadful pest. It is true we are not alone in this respect. Other nations are threatened as we are, and are even nearer the danger than we are. But we are bound to look to our own case first of all, and see if we cannot find some means of preserving ourselves from impend ing evil. If we wish to find a safeguard and a remedy we must examine the cause of the evil. Why do so many of the rising gene ration gravitate to the low and dangerous class ? Why do they become larrikins ? What is the cause ? We cannot answer in one word, for there are several causes. Amongst them we may reckon, as chief, defective education and bad example. Education comprehends the training and informing of the mind, and the guiding and directing of the heart. It is not enough to inform the intellect. The will must be furnished with motives strong enough to resist evil and follow good. To a large extent, children are now being trained up in these colonies without religion. In a vast number of cases they are receiving no education at all. The mass of children, then, are not receiving that moral and religious education which is so powerful a moral agent. What can be ex pected ? Religion is the only cause that can restrain men from evil. The power of law, and the fear of temporal punishment merely act externally. They do not strike at the root of the evil. Conscience alone, based on religious motives, will make men moral, equally in the light of day and when no eye sees. Conscience says, “ This is right ; that is wrong,’"—not because of the judg ment of man, but because of tire law of God. Religious motives can alone pre serve the morality of society. It is the weakening of these religious motives which has ever been the cause of moral corruption, and we have reason to fear that in our own time and country the want of religious training will result in wide spread ruin. Everyman and woman who is anxious for the moral welfare of the people should labour earnestly in the work of religious training. It is not our business to point out how this work may be carried on. Those who are really in earnest will find plenty of opportunities for the exorcise of their religious zeal. It is parents, above all, who should take this business to heart. The second great cause of evil is bad example. The prevalence of immorality in our cities and towns, which has so often been the painful subject of discussion in the public press, is for the young an immense source of danger. It is not easy to pre serve the young and innocent from the con tamination of dangerous companions. If they are to be preserved, the work of pre servation by parents and guardians must begin early, and be continued with unceas ing watchfulness. How many miserable fathers and mothers have through careless ness and inattention seen their children take the broad mad which leads to destruction, bitterly regretting, when too late, that they did not ward off the evil while yet there was time ! But if even the children of good parents have gone to ruin, what is the sad prospect of the children of idle, dissipated, and drunken parents ? Behold the never failing source of that “ larrikinism” which is so loudly deplored. The Brisbane Bail way station was per manently lighted up with the electric light for the first time on Wednesday night. The department some time ago entered into a contract with Messrs. Davis and Smith, the local agents of the Australasian Electric Light, Power, and Storage Co. Limited, to supply the terminal station with the light, but considerable delay has occurred pending the erection of a shed in which to place the dynamo machine and the engine to drive it. The light is very satisfactory. school halls, and retired, for a little rest and Lenten reflection, to the holy-looking little cottage built by the good people of Dalby for their priests. At seven o’clock, and again stations of at half-past seven, the chapel the cross. bell rang for the usual Friday evening devotions,—the soul stirring Stations of the Cross. The church was densely crowded, and it was with diffi culty that Dr. Dunne, who read the prescribed prayers, and the clergy, could make their way through the masses of the people. Indeed this form of devotion seems to have a special interest and attraction for Roman Catholics. The accompanying of the Redeemer from scene to scene of his last weary journey to his Crucifixion, the sentiments of the brief meditations, the short but heart-moving prayers, and the plaintive quivering notes of the Stabat Mater as, verse by verse, it is sung in the intervals from stage to stage of the “ Way of the Cross,” all unite in surrounding a Christian with an atmosphere of sympathy and seriousness. After the Via Crucis, the bishop addressed the large congregation on the justness and importance of the appeal made by Christ and his Church to sinners during this holy season of Lent. He dwelt particularly on the moving aspect and circumstances under which the Saviour presents himself to men at this time—exalted on the cross that he may draw all to Himself. He alluded to the world wide practice of parents expecting at Christmas and Easter, visits from their dear children, and how justly a father or mother’s heart is chilled if son or daughter neither comes nor writes. How shallow and cruel, he added, would we consider the conduct of such a child. And yet, said he, how many Christmases, how many weary Easters has Christ been waiting for many of us, and we find no room in our memory for one thought of Him. He im plored of labouring men, and employes gene rally to come to the tribunal of penance, where Christ would be awaiting them on the following evening, and he added with great emphasis, do not come alone, but bring a com rade or two from the work, and the shop, and the office with you. Saturday was given up totally to Confes sions. During the forenoon, afternoon, and tfll late into the night, the four confessionals were crowded round with penitents many of whom had been travelling from the Bunya Mountains or aeross the arid plains west of Dalby, from an early hour in the morning. As your correspondent sat in a corner of the little chapel, and mused a while on what he saw, he could not help realising how completely Catholicity has caught the whole of humanity, from cradle to old age in its thoughtful clasp. At one confessional was a tiny school-girl of some ten summers looking seriously and intensely at the Crucifix over the priest’s chair ; and at another was the hard-worked railway navvy, with his back curved, and his neck and arms bronzed through many j7ears under a Queensland sun ; his thoughts now, however, are not with rails or roads, but within his own breast, and on the giving an account of his stewardship to the King. Kneeling by one bench is a little boy holding his prayer book open with his two hands, and moving his eyes along the lines to make sure of what he is doing, for he is not, just yet, much of a reader, and by his side is the farmer from Cattle Creek on whose forehead this years’ terrible drought has gathered wrinkles that will never disappear. All are in the little church to-night, speaking to God, and speaking to him from souls charged with faith, as the diamond is charged with light or the molten iron with warmth. Luther and the reformers never meant to abolish confession, but they killed faith, and how could confession exist without it ? On Sunday, the first Mass confirmation was celebrated by the Sunday Bishop, and at it little less than three hundred communicants presented themselves at the Sacred Banquet. Many of the children, can didates for confirmation, were also first com municants. The distance some of them live from church and school renders it impossible to press for separate preparations for the two sacraments. Under the kindly and judicious management of Father Lonergan, the people, old and young, were directed in double files to the Communion rails, and thus, the limited size of the chapel notwithstanding, they were saved from all confusion and distraction. In deed the serious and modest demeanour of the Sisters’ school children was a source of general edification. After the Post-communion, Dr. Dunne, who appeared considerably affected by the whole scene, told the people how thankful he was to God for having given him such a Bight. A Communion, such as he was just after witnessing was. he said, the most ac curate image of heaven, and the most consol ing picture a priest can look on in this world. In it, he added, he saw God again raining down the manna ; again sending to his own, by the raven, the bread, in the strength of which they were to walk to the “ Mountain of God ; ” and again breaking the bread and handing it over the Communion cloth to them, and saying “ take ye and eat of this, for this is my body ? ”—do this in com memoration of me.”— As these people left the Church one might well say—what can you give men in ex change for the Catholic religion ? What punishment must await the wretch who tries to deprive them of this dearly-bought and dearly-held-to faith ? At the ten o'clock and again at the eleven o’clock masses the stream of communicants continued. After the latter mass the Bishop gave confirmation. Some eighty five chil dren and fourteen adults came forward for this sacrament, When the candidates were all ranged in front of the altar, a bystander remarked to me audibly “ how pretty a sight; ” and so it was. The girls were all dressed in pure white dresses, with chaste little straw hats, the only decoration being the simple ribbon,—crimson, in honour of the holy spirit they were about to receive,— from which hung the confirmation emblem. The boys had a similar medal similarly affixed on the left breast of their jackets. Dr. Dunne then addressed the candidates on the solemnity of the sacrament in which they were about to take part. He reminded them that, from their infancy, they were the chosen ones of God, born of Catholic parents, whose faith was nearly of their essence, as Btrength is of the essence of the oak. He added that they were taken from the power of Satan, and inscribed in God’s Book of Life, almost with the first breath they drew. Holy Mary was their mother, he said, from the first hour they could lisp her name. Theirs, he added, from childhood, was the atmos phere of the Mass, all full of treasures ; theirs the sign of the cross with its glory and its Btrength ; and theirs the communion of all God’s Saints,—from themer its of Adam’s first tear of repentance to the last good prayer said one short minute ago. And, finally, said the Bishop, they must remember that, for these years back, Providence had taken them, as His most precious ones, and handed them over to the care of His chosen spouses, the Sisters of Mercy, charging the latter to “ take those children, and bring them up for me, and I will pay you your wages.” Now, he con cluded, after this enduring care, after these priceless privileges, God to-day calls you round this Mount Sinai of the new Testament, and asks you will you covenant with Him, that He is to be your God, His law your law, and His faith your guide ; and on His side He promises to you His holy spirit during this life, and co-heirship with his Son in eternity. If you come, said the Bishop,—within this sanctuary of God’s altar, before this table, at which three short hours ago you feasted with Christ,—and give in your names to be His soldiers, remember He takes those names and, however it may be bye and bye with you, He never forgets your act ;—from this hour out, if “ you are not with Him you are against him.” The girl candidates were presented to the foot of the altar by Mrs. P. Landy, and the boys by her husband, Mr. P. Landy,' J.P., and I may congratulate the children on having such sponsors, and the clergy on having such assistance. The church being very close and the.cere mony having been of considerable length, the bishop said lie would not detain the congre gation with any further remarks ; he prayed of the children to keep at school as long as they could, and hoped that, as they left school, they would go, especially the boys, to fixed employment ; he warned them against loaf ing, idleness, and bad company, and then gave the temperance pledge to all those confirmed until they should complete their twenty-fifth year. This last ceremony was particu plf.dge larly solemn. The Bishop having assumed his mitre and crozier, ex plained to the children the nature of the pledge, and said that, out of deference to parental authority, he would not register the children as teetotallers for forty-eight hours, in order to give every father and mother an opportunity of saying whether they wished their child to be registered or not. But all, he said, against whose regis tration no parental protest shall have been made, will, after that interval be enrolled in the episcopal registers as bound to ab stain from all intoxicating drinks. Standing facing the children, and having called on them to stand up and fix their eyes on the large crucifix over the altar, he and they blessed themselves aloud, and then raising their right hands to heaven, they repeated after the bishop the words of the pledge. The young eyes raised up fixedly to the image of the dying Redeemer, the hundred little white hands stretched out towards the God of heaven, the solemn words of “In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ” which both began and sealed the offering,—all combined to form a scene of intense impression. I was not sur prised as all through the building I heard the lowly murmured prayer “ May God give them grace to keep it.” In the afternoon the Bishop visited the local hospital and was courteously shown over the institutition by Mr Ivarstens, the worthy superintendent of the establishment. The Dalby Hospital is built within an en closure of some five acres, is not more than a few hundred yards from the main street of the town, and being intended to meet the wants of a district running over one hundred miles west, is very judiciously placed almost within a stone’s throw of the Railway Station. It is a roomy and clean and well ventilated building, and furnishes twenty-six beds, of which twenty are in the male and six in the female wards. Just now the number of patients is very small, and no really serious case is under treatment. Mr. Ivarstens showed the Bishop the large bath accommodation and the considerable storage of good water provided by the committee. After some little conversation with the patients, and having given his blessing to those of his own flock, Dr. Dunne left seemingly much pleased with his visit. Vespers coram Pomtifice, commencing at half-past seven o’clock, were chanted in the little parish chaple. The Rev. D. Byrne, the priest in charge, officiated as celebrant, and the psalmody was well rendered in alter nate verses fey the children and adult singers. Dr. Dunne preached. Ilis Lordship took for his text those words addressed by St. Peter to Christ on Mount Thabor “ Lord it is good for us to be here,” and applying them to the blessings Rotaan Catholics enjoy in the Church foundld on the same St. Peter, asked his audience to* walk round with him in spirit, and realize fof themselves the amount and variety of grace with which God surrounds them.—Sacrament and sacrifice ; Holy Bible and Saints’ footsteps ; infallible teaching, solid unity, unbroken line of pastors reaching right away to that spring morning on the hfll of Olives, when Christ gave to the first Pope the charge of his flock ; a loving interest, taking the infant at its entrance to the font, and following it all through life aye, even down through the grave to its prison of purgatory. All these were vividly placed under consideration by the Bishop, who repeatedly brought in his text, “ 0 Master, it is well for us to be here!” He concluded by directing his hearer’s eyes to the statues of the Virgin and St. Joseph on either side of him, to the Crucifix over his head, and to the door of the tabernacle on the altar, and asked them to join their first pastor, in his words on Thabor, “ it is indeed good for us to be here.” Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by the Bishop assisted by Fathers Byrne and O'Connell, and thus closed “ Confirmation Sunday” of 1884. Monday forenoon was given children’s up to an inspection of the concert. schools in their secular aspect. Saint Columba’s new school hall is now one of the best of the Roman Ca tholic girls schools in the colony. It is fifty six feet in length by twenty-six in width. The walls reach to a height of fifteen feet, and have been recently lined all round with cedar. The ceiling runs up into the roof, in the centre of which is a lantern about six feet square. This latter contributes much to ven tilation ; it helps still more to light the room, the ordinary windows of which are French lights sheltered by verandahs, and hence not admitting as much light as a large school needs. The verandahs keep the walls cool, and the almost total absence of houses in the immediate neighbourhood of the convent and school gives ready access to whatever breeze is to be had. Altogether the school building reflects high credit on the priest and his com mittee, as well as on the Roman Catholics of Dalby generally. The number of children in average attendance during the previous week was 170 ; but it was explained that some of these had come in specially from outside dis tricts topreparefor Confirmation. I understand the usual attendance is from one hundred and fifty to one hundred and sixty. Dr. Dunne looked through very many of the exercise books in each class, and listened to the answering of the children for a couple of hours. At half-past seven the doors of the school room opened to received a large Dumber of guests invited to a little musical entertain ment given by the children, “ in honor of the Bishop’s visit.” At a quarter to eight the young people filed on to the raised dais, keep ing excellent time to the march played by one of their comrades, and, having made a grace ful bow to the audience, which now crowded the building, sang their opening ode “ We’ve always a Welcome for Thee.” The time was perfect, and the spirit thrown into the piece showed that the young folks meant what they said. A pianoforte duet “ The Great Globe Quadrilles ” arranged by Glover were played on three pianos by the Misses Best, Gran, Crosby, Hall, Henry, and Campbell. One of the pianos was considerably out oi tune ; but Miss Sarah Jane Henry and Miss Mary Campbell, who had to perform on it, kept the ill-disposed notes as much on their good behaviour as possible. That same is a fair test of a little child’s ear training. The third piece “ The Birdies’ Ball ” was a contribution from the infant school to the evening’s bill of fare. There is good material among those infants. One little mite whose name we were told was Alice Ryan, and the Misses Agnes and Gerty O’Brien seemed to us to have excellent leading voices. After the very juveniles, came the boys’ song “ I’m happy as a King.” . It was a solo and chorus ; the solo part being very brilliantly rendered by Master Thomas Bodkin, and the chorus well recognising its own charge and supporting Master Bodkin as it ought. The fifth piece was again an instrumental duet, “ Last Rose of Summer,” arranged by Hertz. It was played by Miss Best and Miss Cran, seemingly the two best pianoforte players in the school, as indeed they might be best in almost any school. A recitation “ Shamrocks from Avonmore,” came next. The interlocutors were Miss Emily Clegg and Miss Winney Carmody, two re markably intelligent and clear-speaking children. '• Give my love to all at home,” was a chorus sung by the whole strength of the platform, and giving an excellent proof of the time-training of the little pupils. The eighth piece was a Boys’ song “ Hurrah for a Life in the Bush.” It consisted of two solos and a chorus, the solo parts being taken by Master John O’Brien and Master Eastauffe, It was sung in character, the little lads com ing on the platform in their guernseys and swags, and well made up for “ facing the Bush.” The children did their parts well ; but I hope they will never be called on to realize their little picture. There is not much to be made for soul or body out of such “ life in the bush.” The second part of the concert began with a duet played by the Misses Best and Cran. It was followed by “ Market Day,” a chorus and solo. The leading part was taken by Miss Sarah Carmody, and the chorus was supplied by twenty well- trained children, some of whose voices, such as those of Miss Mary Ryan, Miss Heffernan, Miss Harris, etc., etc., were particularly telling. Lamothe s “ Priino baccio ” waltzes, arranged as a duet by Bradbury Turner, came next. . .The children seemed to have caught the spirit of the piece, and Turner got more fair play from them than I have ever known him to get from young performers before. An Irish melody was sweetly sung by the whole platform, and after it came an excel lent recitation by Robert Wallace, a fine little lad approaching his twelfth year. It was most tellingly given. It pictured a scene from a a life-boatman’s experience, and the narrative was helped by two sea songs, excellently sung, one by Edward Campbell, and the other by John O’Brien. The National Anthem concluded the performance. The Bishop warmly thanked the children, saying that they were a credit to their school, their parents, and their country. 