COUNTRY NEWS. PERTH. (by ock special bepobtek.I A very interesting meeting was held at the Baptist Church, Perth, last evening, being a farewell meeting of Pastor WilliamiBon andnis people. At 5 o'clock a tea meeting was held j in the schoolroom, when between 400 and 500 ' partook of tea, which was provided by the , ladies of the church. The room was filled , 6everal times before all present could be accom- i modated, it being nearly 8 o'clock before tea i was over. I The people then adjourned to the church, where every available corner was soon filled, many bavins: to be satisfied with standing room at and outside the door, A platform had been erected, and on this was «eated Mr W. Gibson, jun. (chairman), Pastors Williamson. Bird, Vaughan, Wood, and Hiddlestone, Rev. Mr Binn?| and Mr W. Gibaon. An excellent j choir was also on the platform, several j (elections being given in a very plea-ing style. 1 The Chairman said it was sometimes un- j plea6ant to say good-bye to those we loved, and it was so in this present ease. Pastor Williamson had labored amongst them for several years, and had endeared himself to them all, and he was leaving a host of friends behind him. He had a pleasing duty to perform, having been asked to present Pastor Williamson with a purse of sovereigns as a I token of the esteem in which he was held by ! his people. Pastor Wiiramson thanked them for this expression of their love. That meeting railed to his mind another meeting that was held four years ago to welcome him, but this meeting was attended with sorrow, and that sorrow was not all on one side. Perth would ever be a dear spot to him, and he would always re member it. There were three spots on earth that he would never forget. The firet was where he was born, the second was the spot where he surrendered his soul to the Saviour, and the third was the kitchen at Dairy Plains, where he, while on a visit there, completely dedicated bis bodv. soul, and suirit to the Lord. and on that account Tasmania was very dear to him. He did not believe that any minister could have been happier with his church than he had been, and he thanked them for their sympathy and kindnese. They had liv«d as a little family, and had loved each other. He believed the blessings they had met with were due more to their praying than his preaching. Mrs William Gibson had done much to make him happy, and he had no objection in telling Mr Gibson that he loved that gentleman's wife, and he thought there was not a house at Perth where she was not loved. It was h«rd for him to sever the ties that bound him to the place, hut it must be. lie had waited on tbe Lord in this matterj and He was the only being who had anything to do with bis leaving Perth. It was a mystery, but they were living in times of mystery, and where God leads it was right to follow. He would not say fare well then as he hoped to be with them and preach on Sunday, and he hoped they would accept his heartfelt thanks for their kindness and sympathy. (Applause.) A solo_ was sung by Pastor Hiddlestone, after which addresses were delivered by the Chairman, Pastor Vaughan, and Rev. Messrs. Binns and Bird. Mr Douglas Stewart came forward and said he represented 74 souls, whom Mr Williamson had been the means of bringing out of dark ness into light, and they had prepared an address to present to him on his departure. It was not couched in eloquent language but it was the language of the heart. He then read the address : — ' Baptist Chapel, Perth, Tasmania, 1884. ' Lo, I am with you always.' ' Pastor Robert Williamson Dear Brother,- — The Master having called you to labor in another portion of his vineyard we, your children in the Lord, cannot allow you to leave ns without an expression of our love to you for the manifold blessings which we have received through your faithful preaching of God's precious Word. We will for ever praise the Iiord'for having brought you to labor here, and we desire to testify that your earnest labors and zealous works, combined with your true Christian life, have been the ueans God has used for making you the instrument of leading even us to 'liehold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world,' and our prayer is that you may be spared for many many years to carry the glad tidings of great joy, and may the Lord pour outupon you more abundantly the Holy Ghost, and give you the desire of your heart, which we are fully per suaded is the salvation of your fellow-men. May the Lord bless youand your dear wife and family, and we will continually pray that He may watch over you and yours, ordering your steps through life, and if we neTer meet again upon earth, we do hope and pray we may all meet in Heaven to unite in singing the song of Moses and the Lamb. ' Believe us to be yours in the Lord Jesus Christ.' (Signed by 74 converts.) In handing that address to Mr Williamson he could only say that he would be greatly missed by his little flock, and he hoped the Lord would bless him wherever he might be. The address was beautifully engrossed and illuminated with a border of Tasmanian berries and ferns, and was the work of Mr James Steer. Pastor Williamson thanked them very much for their expression of love. He would prize the gift very much, and as he read their names it would bring to his mind the circumstances of their conversion. He prayed God that thoy would daily grow in graoe and be faithful to h(irL(rland Master. Interesting addresses were delivered by Pastors Wood and Hiddlestone, after which the Chairman said he was somewhat sorry the meeting was over, and yet glad. All were truly sorry that their pastor was going away. He was a God-sent man, and had been the means of winning many souls to Christ. When he came to Perth he was in ill-health, and many thought he would not live long, but;God had sent him there to regain his health, and ' now that he was strong He was taking him ' away to a large sphere of labor, where he believed he would succeed. All those present had immortal souls that would live for ever, and he urped them to trust Jesus and meet their pastor in Heaven. A parting hymn was then sang by the choir, and the meeting was closed by Pastor Williamson pronouncing the Benediction. 