Dogs That See Spirits. SEASONS WHY THEY HOWL WHEN A MASTER IS DYING " Yes," said the dogisfc, with an air, of con viction, " them dog stories -is mostly txue; people as lauj£^ at 'em is.only showing, their ignorance, teat's all. I suppose you won't believe that dogs sees spirits, will you ? " The reporter intimated that, while "skepti cal, be was not impervious to conversion. " Well, then," said the believer in tie canine supernatural ability,, "-.tell me why dogs howl when people is dying t" The reporter confessed that -that was a question which even .his mind, trained to psychological subtleties, could not solve. " Then I'll tell you; they howls because they sees the spirits from the other world coming to carry away the departing ghost." " You seem to have studied dogs a great deal.' " Ail my life," said the fancier with an air of pride. ; - ; _ • ^.How, do you explain the facfe that sGme dogs are cleverer than others-?-"--- c • -... — At this question the dog fancier's face,, filled with contempt. He replied: \- " Some men is born cleverer than other men; some men is eddicated till they is cleverer than others. It's the same with dogs. : A dog with natural ability requires eddication to bring him out strong, same's men." " Well, now tell me something about an educated .dog." " That's easy and recent. There's a man on Sixth avenue whose dog has gone for his. morning paper every morning for years. The man always gave the dog a three cent piece to buy the paper, not going to church having no other use for'em. When the price came down to two cents, danged if the dog didn't threaten to tear the newsvender to pieces until he passed over the penny change." " What did he do with the pennies; give them to his master ? " " Not much; he keeps 'em in a corner and is going to buy a new silver plated collar with 'em at Christmas. " Dogs has lots o' sympathy, too,. Why, I know a dog as 'ud, after hearing his master swear. about taxes, eat up every tax notice that come into the house. -New York Journal. 