THE WOOD FARM MYSTERY, (From the Special Correspondent c£ fcso London Daily Telegraph ) Gas, not ghosts, is the origin of the mystery ■which has puzzled the wiseacres of Shrop shire and the contiguous counties^ for the past fortnight. The people of the disfcrictfor miles round do at this momemt most im plicitly believe that the extraordinary mani festations described as having taken place at the Wood Firm, West Lullingiield, a fort night ago. are due to supernatural causes, and probably many of them will continue to believe for the rest of their natural lives, this fail and minute explanation notwith standing. It is already notorious that Farmer Hampson and his family ware, on of their powers of locomotion, and their astonishment was unbounded when, on what they believed to be the evidence of their own eyesight, the hands of the eight-day clock in the kitcncn sprang through its glass front, and imme diately returning whence they came, slappod that unoffending chronometer sharply in the the face. Then, so it is said, the fire leaped out of the grate and burned the baby, and the chairs, linking arms, danced round and round the tabic, and the fireirons, mounting upon the dresser, cut a series of nimble capers, as if determined^ to add to the general confusion by a private exhibition of gymnastic ironmongery. All this and more was until yesterday credited nor. only by Farmer Hampson and his wife, out by hun dreds, and probably thousands, of folk who pride themselves upon their common sense. So intense has been their condition of credu lity that they do not appear to have doubted a story put about by a local wag, to the effect that on the aftemcon. of the reported initial disaster the farmer, going out into hi3 yard, beheld a trio of porcine cho risters sitting up on their hams and singing "God save the Queen" under the directorship of a ring-nosed pig, beating time with a dibble. Such nonsense would seem too ridiculous to be credited but for the fact that the wildest rumors concerning this affair have passed current hereabouts as gospel truth. Even the rural police are said to have been thrown off their balance,_ and to have failed to account for the affair, either as the result of personal enquiries or from " in formation received." Shrewsbury town, up to its eyes in the business and pleasure of racing during the past week, has yet found time to gossip under its breath about the haunted farm and the strange goings on there. Shrewsbury, indeed, had a ghostly trouble of its own. For six whole months a gentleman and his family residing in the Cherry Orchard have been kept awake at nights by rappings on the wainscots and con tinual nocturnal rings of bells all over the houses, They have, therefore, determined to change their habitation, hoping that the spirits may not be disposed to follow them into another parish. During an interview with Colonel Edgehill, chief of the county police, that urbane offi cial informed me that, though he was cogni sant of the Wood Farm scare, yet no one had instituted a criminal prosecution against any offender, assuming any offence to have been committed. It did not come within his province to interfere. Looked at from the spiritualistic point of view, he deemed the entire proceedings as beneath contempt. The good people of Shropshipe, on the other hand, while implicitly believing that the fur niture at the farm danced to the piping of the Prince of the Powers of the Air, some how—how is not even yet exactly explained —coupled the manifestations with the name of Emma Davies, nursegirl in the rustic estab lishment of Mr. and Mrs. Hampson. This Emma Davies is thought to be a juvenile sorceress in league with the Evil One. Serious folk are ready to testify that they have seon her seated upon a cane-bottomed chair floating about in mid-air; that at her approach buckets and brooms take to caper iDg and curvetting like the roan horse ob served by Sir Launcelot at the gates of "the dim rock city" in "The Idylls of the King;" and a well-known sectarian serial publication, in half-calf, is reported to follow Emma about like a dog. Subsequent to my interview with Colonel Edgehill I visited Emma Davies at the house of Dr. Cook, at Wem, whither she was re moved from the cottage of her parents, laboring people at WeBsen, in order that she might be under medical supervision. For it is a fact that the girl pretended to possess magical powers, ana played allkinds of pranks with the chairs and tables in the aforesaid cottage at Wesson, She made three-legged stools waltz round the room, and zinc pails hide in corners. Before describing what I saw and heard at Dr. Cook's, it will, however, be better to recount the evidence of Mr. and Mrs. Hampson, at Wood Farm. After a pleasant drive of five miles through the Shropshire lanes, I arrived at the West Lull ington homestead, situated in a well-wooded pastoral country dotted with ancient half timbered houses, many of them dating from the reign of Queen Elizabeth. The air was keen and bright, the ice lay an inch thick upon the ponds, their dull grey contrasting with the shining leaves of the frequent holly hushes already bearing a grand crop of scarlet berries. If spirits were about in that beauti ful frosty air they lay concealed out of the glowing sunshine which flooded wood and meadow with cheery winter gladness. The Wood Farm consists of about fifty-five acres, partly arable, partly pasture, Mr. Hampson's profits being principally de rived from his business of a maltster. His house is small, the ground-floor consisting of a kitchen or keeping room, some 15 feot square, leading directly into a smaller com partment used as a scullery. Both he and his wife are young, of middle height, and fair complexion. They were willing, and, indeed, anxious to afford me all the information they possessed. Mrs. Hampson said that about a fortnight ago, one day, in the morning, the fire leaped out of the grate into the parlor, set light to the sofa, and severely burned the face of her baby, lying in its perambulator, in charge of the girl Emma Davies; and she showed me the child, which still retains a large scar, as from a burn, on the left cheek. Thereupon she ran to fetch a neighbor, who also witnessed the coal shoot out from the grate all over the room, and who is supposed to have wondered at the furniturq dancing about as if possessed by Lucifer. When Mr. Hampson returned home in the after noon he was told of what had occurred, and attributed the manifestation to natural causes not unconnected with the coal in the grate. His wife was, however, less sceptical. Emma Davies, who had- a habit of falling asleep inopportunely, and talking in her slumbers, was .altogether a mysterious person, and in Mrs. Hampson's opinion was at the bottom of the trouble. Consequently the formers wife felt certain that in her own mind that more disturbances would follow. Sure enough next day the spirits renewed their visits. This time tbc-re was no fire in the parlor, but there was one in the kitchen leading out of it; the door between the two fceing open. Again the coal jumped out of the fire, once more the furniture girated about the floor, a little clock on the mantelshelf stepped down and flung itself upwards against the face of a -big clock against the wall, and the sectarian serial already referred to threw itself off the table out of window, smashing the window-frame and breaking five pan.es of glass. All this Mrs. Hampson believed, and, in spite of arsuraneea to the contrary, still believes. How, she suggests, could it be otherwise, bearing in mind Emma Da vice's habit of falling asleep when she should have kept awake, and that young person's strange power of causing the furniture to tumble about the house. Besides Mr. and Mrs. Hampson, I saw at the farm a man named Thomas Williams, and Emma's fellow servant, Priscilla Jane Evans—of whom here after. That the farmer and his wife were dreadfully frightened is manifest from the fact that they sent Emma back to her parents and themselves fled the farm. They remained absent for a week, during which time the place has been visited by hundreds of curious sightseers from Shrewsbury, Wellington, and neighboring towns, the majority of whom credit, the idle and foolish rumors which attribute the explosions to the work of evil spirits. To return to the house of Dr. Cook at Wem. There I saw Mr. Maekev, Dr. Cook's assistant, and an intelligent young lady, Miss Turner, the doctor's housekeeper. I likewise saw and spoke with the girl Emma Davies, who, amid tears and lamentations, confessed in my presence and in that of Miss Turner and Mr. Mackey that she was an impostor. She showed us how she made chairs and buckets move about the room by the simple expedient of pushing them with her hands and feet. This mischievous child is 13 years old, and short for her age. She has dall, tow- colored hair, blue eyes, a small forehead, a snub nose, fat cbeeks, and weak chin. Nevertheless she is, after her rustic fashion, a consummate actress. Her pretence of flinging the furniture about, as if moved by unseen hands, was most skilful. She now avers that many weeks ago the hind Thomas Wiiliams, a loutish fellow, having seen a strolling conjurer perform his triek3 in p. publiekouse, showed the girl Priscilla Evans bow it was done, and that Priscilla had confided the secret to her. Priscilla denies this, but Thomas confessed to me, with a grin on his vacuous countenance, that he might have told her " how to shift things for a joke." So much for.the so-called Shrop shire mystery, which has disturbed the repose of a wide district for an entire fortnight The credulous rustics- have unconsciously invented most of the ridiculous tales, scaring themselves with imagined terrors. For, as the hero in the Laureate's - poem, ."Maod," truly-EsjB, "Jack, on his ale-house bencb, has as many lives as a Qz«r*" 