The Latest Important Foreign News- Denmark. A teirible tragedv has been enacted at Elsimore. It seems that the widow of the late Thomas P- Hamlet, married her husbands' brother, James Q. Hamlet This so annoyed her son, Colonel Hamlet, that he took to hard drink, and, in a fit of delirium tremens, declared he was the ghost of his father had b»en murdered by James Q. Colonel Hamlet had been affianced for some ime to Miss Ophelia Polonius, daughter of Judge Polonius, of the Snpreme Court of Denmark. Golonel Hamlet imagined he had heard a mouse behind a screen, and, seizing a carvingknife from the dinner-table, plunged it into the screen, behind which Judge Polonius was concealed, to keep Colonel Hamlet from mischief. Judge Polonius was killed by the knife. An evening or so afterward, at some private theatricals, Colonel Hamlet behave so rudele that his mother, uncle, and Miss Ophelia Polonius were compelled to leave the room. Colonel Hamlet's conduct so preyed upon Miss Ophelia that she drowned herself. At her burial Colonel Hamlet jumped into the grave and her brother following him, a most unseemly fight took place, resulting in the two drawing knives and stabbing each otuer, and just before dropping, Colonel Hamlet stabbing uncle, James Q Hamlet. All three died.— Puck. WICKED FOR CLERGYMEN.—" I believe it to be all wrong and even wicked for clergymen or other public men to be led into giving testimonials to quack doctors or vile stuffs called medicines, but when a really meritorious article is made up of common valuable remedies known to all, and that all physicians use and trust in daily, we should freely commend it. I therefore cheerfully and heartily commend Hop Bitters for the good they have done me and my friends, firmly believing; they have no equal for family use. I will not be without them."—Rev.—,Washington. D. C. Bead. The Encyclopedia Britannica has obtained so well deserved a popularity that nearly 60,000 copies of each volume are now sold. More than half of the purchasers are in the British colonies and America, 