SALVATION ARMY LEMON &T; RATION WELCOME T'J COLONEL B AI.LE? GTOX" , BOOTH AXD MAJOR HOWARD. Notwithstanding the extreme inclemency of the weather last night, there was & large as semblage of members of the Salvation Army in tbe Melbourne Town Hall to weloome Colonel Ballington Booth and Major Howard, who arrived on a visit of inspection to Australia and New Zealand by the steamer Indus on Satardav last About 4000 Salvationists were present, and the proceedings were of a most enthusiastic character Tbe Collingwood tana band enlivened the proceedings, The platform Was decorated with numerous flags, proqj&ent; amongst which were the banner of 41 The Invincible/' and a long streamer with the words Welcome to Australia, Many public men were seated on the plat form, Messrs, J, Campbell, M.L.C., and James Munro being amongst. the number. Long before the proceedings commenced the band played various selections, - and eome of the members sang hymns, , but the real enthusiasm was awakened on the appearance of Colonel Booth end Major Howard, They were greeted with loud ghauts of Hallelujah and with waviu-4 6f red and white handker chiefs, . Colonel Booth is a young man, evidently under thirty years oi age. He is very tall, measuring over 6 feet in height, but very slender in build. He weavs a full pointed beard of dark color. He was dressed in the regulation tunic, aud wore a silver medal His motions were very agile, and he showed' that, he was full of energy aud vivacity. As 6oon as he made his appearance on the plat form be jumped upon a cluir, and waving a red handkerchief he bowed in all directions his acknowledgments to the enthusiastic cheers which re-echoed through the building. Major Howard is a much older man. A hymn having been sung, the colonel remarked that to him there was no more beau tiful music than that of the crowd. He therefore wished everybody in tho hall, "even these who had reserved svdts aud expected re served seats in heaven," to join in the singing. "You will very eoon findoutwhataproperyoung mn I am," added the colonel, with a wink ; "and now let mo first know something about you. Tix your bayonets, as we call it in the army." The colonel seemed last night to bb able to sound- every chorcl of homRu feeling and sentiment, and the facility of his transition frctn frivolous playful ness to the most serious pathos was most re markable. At one moment his face would be beaming with smiles at some joke, such as " Wave your handkerchiefs, and if . you ,have not on% borrow one irom your neighbor," and the next , be wonld be on his knees engaged in fervent prayer, while tears coursed down his cheeks. He is a very good speaker, but the distinguishing features of his oratory are earnestness, a capacity of speak ing down to his audience, and a knack of coax ing them into conforming with his re quests during the proceedings to join heartily m singing. The colonel also is somewhat of a linguist. He eaug last night a few bars in French from a hymn which the persecuted Swiss Salvationists sang in the woods ou the shores of their beautiful lakes. The hymn commenced Je sols l'enfant du roi. As an illustration of Colonel Booth's persuasive powers,- it may be mentioned that he succeeded in inducing Messrs. Campbell and James Monro to address the audience, Tne finishing tableau was very striking. Colonel Booth placed himself between them, linked his arms in theirs, and asked to be excused if it was not the Australian, fashion, but he come from England, where it was done. Colonel Booth, on tiring to &pe;&k;, was re ceived with loud hallelujahs. Htf remarked that it was difficult for him to express his gratitude for the kindly welcome the Salvation ist had accorded to him and hi colleague, Major Howard. He was glad to come amongst the people of Victoria, for he felt qnite at home. At first he and his colleague bad soajp Stghti notion that they would feel somewhat strange when they lauded ot victoriau soil, but when - he entered the army barracks at Colluigwood, he was at once 6trnck with the homely character of the people assembled, and all fear and strangeness at once vanished, and he saw at once that they were not strangers amongst strangers. His only regret was tbat his father (General Booth) was not present. (Cheers.) If, however, he was not present in the fiesh, he was present in the spirit, and grasped the hands of his Victorian comrades who were working so energetically in the good cause. He and his colleague, after being a few hours in Melbourne, felt that in coming to Australia they had entered into the home circle of the Salvation Army. It was his determination to give his hand to all bis new comrades, and forward the interests of the Army. (Cheer?.) He was pleased once more to make the acquaintance of Major Bar ker, whom he nad known for many years at -Bethnai Green, in London. At tbat time the work oi the Saiv-.rtion Army was opposed by many who were lei to do so in consequence of the misrepresentation which wasted amopgst all classes. He had been fur nished with a few facts concerning the move ments of the Salvation Army in Victoria, and it was his opinion that if they, were printed in the shape of a history it would read as no other romance that could be produced in the colony. If the Salvationists were'only true to their principles they would continue to command victory beyond the m'.st sanguine expectations. (Cheers.) In Victoria there were 22 ' corps, at which there were held during each week between 21 and 22 meetings. There were 46 officers employed in spreading the Gospel amongst the poorer, or rather amongst the spiritually ignorant classes. Eighteen staff officers And 8 cadets also assisted in the general movement. During IS months 2271 open air meetings had been held, and' attended by 23,361 persons, whilst 64,752 persons had attended the Sunday rnqrn- ing knee drill. On Sunday evenings 30,050 persona were being reached by the influences of the army, and on week nights 20.000. They had sitting accommolation' for 20,350. V.'ith regard to the whole of Australia the Salvation Army had 10p corps, 157 ofiicers, 40 staff officers, 14,700 soldiers, with an attendance on Sunday evenings of S3.000 persons in the various barracks through- oat Victoria, South Australia, New Zealand, New South VT a'.es and Tasmania. Twenty months ago Mojqr Barker stood penniless and friendless ou Collingwood F.at and started the Salvation Army which existed at the present moment throughout the whole of Australia. Conld the moat sanguine have dreamed of so much success in such a short period 1 The 'Army had to fight many difficulties, not the least of which was the bcorn with which some people looked npon the soldiers. Many times he had seen people step out from their drawing- rooms, and after casting a contemptuous glance at a prosing army retire to their room and think no more of what they had seen. If the scoffers wonld only mix with the crowd of soldiers as they filled the barracks, they wonld see for themselves bow earnest the" Salva. tionists were to carry on a good work in a noble manner. (Cheers.) The Salvation Army laid the foundation of a new and a bet. ter life. Its handicraft was seen on all hands. Men who bad been drunkards for years, and men who had been steeped in crime fyia been raised from a position of degrada tion and were now respectable citizens, with happy home3 and loving families. In asking the question, " What is tbe object of tbe Salvation Army ?" he would explain that nineteen and a half years ago it was dis. cussed in' conferences, convocations, and at public meetiogs, »nd it was defined — "To reach the unreached, the lapsed and most dangerous classes of society; to reach the mas3 of the people." That was the problem which his father set himself the task of solving nine teen and a half years ago. As bis father watched the seething mass of human beings which streamed past him on the Mile-End waste in the east of Tendon he asked, "Can these people he saved from their degradation?" His heart answered in the affirmative, and to do this he took measures which some had termed strange, eccentric and even outrageous. Soon after General Booth commenced his task he gathered a number of adherents, and in a short time they were separated from the rest of tbe world as a peculiar ont and cut people. Too very fact that they were an ont anil out peop-o was the eecr t of tbe sacceee of tho Arrov. They were an ont and ont people, and desired to keep so to the end. They had no ambition to dress like the world, to talk like the world, or to mix up with the world. They were against conforming to the world as much as tbey were .igainst the drink traffic. Intemperance was the local and national curse not only of Victoria, but of every country where the English language was spoken. Tbe Salvation Army was deter mined to ztemp out the drink traffic. (Chores.) It was already commanded by 2000 officers, who did not touch drink. (Cheers.) In the United Kingdom it was a condition of mem bership that r.c candidate was allowed to hold a soldier's pass, or become a member of th9 army, who touched liqwreter countenanced tho J lienor traffic .Another secret of the snccesa of the army was the hardworking nature of its. soldiers. . They believed in hard work. It . waa not to be expected that those who Lad been hardened amners for many years conld be quarried ont of their eicee without a great deal -of labor. It was hud work to make people give up their sins and submit themselves to the work of reformation, but let the work be ever so hard the soldiers had justice, mercy and troth on their side, and wonld succeed. Another secret oi success was the good witnessing of the soldiers. He had stood at the corner of Cheapside, in London, and watched tho young cadets selling the. War Cry. Thousands of people passed by, and many of them turned round and talked about the boys and their uniforms. Out of the thonsands who passed by, perhaps 2d or SO wonld speak of the circumstance in th-ir home circle, and in that maimer the Work of the artpy was spreading. Another Becret of success was that the Salvationists were a praying and a suffering people. They taught a member of the army that he was not worthy of the canse unless he was willing to aban don himself to the work of salvation. When he visited Switzerland, where his sister was now laboring in the canse, he was pained to find that the army had been jeered at, pelted with stoae3, and driven out of the towns. But the band of workers was a faithful one, and although they were driven away from the homes of the ' people they met on the banks of the lakes and in the seclusion of a little wood offered up a hymn for succor, and thereby obtained new strength to cany on the crnsade. To sain np, the Salvation Army had captnred many buildings ia various parts of the world, had turned centres of vice into centres of good, had rescued many thousands from the tap room, the concert hall and the dancing saloon, and bronght thonsands to the soldiers' barracks to . listen to the un lettered but inspired lips of the officers of the army. They had raised from the ranks men and women who were going to all parts of the world in the interests of the Sal vation Army. Ho was a h amble mem ber of the Booth family, bnt he had teen a great deal, and ho felt deeply grateful for the success which had so far attended the efforts of the army, which did not rest its foundations upon ths voice or hearing of any hnman being, but upon the justice, mercy and truth of a Divine law. (Cheers.) Major Howard said the great secret of the success of tho Salvation Army was the entire dependence of the members on the Spirit of God. On one occasion at a railway station in England some "dndes" dabbed them " The Holy Ghost Company," and although the name was given the army in jest its-members were not robamed to own it: The.sceptic3 who saw Stephenson's first steam engine said, " Oh, it will never go, it will never go," and tuen, when they did aee it go, they exclaimed, ' Oh, 'it will never stop, it will never stop." People said of the Salvation Army that it wonld not go, but it did go on, He did not know whether there wro as much poverty ia Melbourne as in the large cities in England. There tho children did know whother the Salvation Army was a fact when they sat down to well provided tables where formerly they were starved by their drunken parents. . It wae a fact that thonsands had been reclaimed from sin, crime and dninl.- --.ni-r,: and who would take ths responsibility on himself of pntting those men back into the gutter aud sinks of iniquity bccanse some people did not agree with the tactics of the Solvation Army? He hoped that before he and the Colonel re turned to England they wonld see thuiuands of precious souls saved. Colonel Booth then made ap appeal for contribations for the Prison Brigade and the Fallen Sister-' Home fund. That evening, he said, was only a " how-do-yoa-do meeting," bnt the f -'"owing evening there wonld be a grand demonstration,- when he would speak of the rise and progress of the Salvation Army. Major Barker also addressed the meeting, nrd 7ave a short account of the Fallen Sisters' Home. A collection was then made. Mr. James Campbell, the Postmaster- General, said it afforded him great pleasure to be present that evening to give a heartv wel come to Colonel Booth and Major Howard. He also apologised for the absence of his colleague, Mr. Graham Berry, who would have been present had he not been called away to attend an important political meeting at Bailarat. He had no knowledge of Mr. Berry's theological view3, bat he was sure that Mr. Berry wonld have been glad to be present to welcome those who had the inte- rest of the masses at heart. During his short association with Mr. Berry he had learned that -that gentleman heartily sym- pathised with the masses. He (Mr. Campbell) had great pleasure giving the Colonel a hearty Australian welcome. He waa not unacquainted with the doings of the Salvation Army. The tt'ar Cry was not high class literature, but he fonnd great pleasure in reading it. He was struck with the fact that the Booth family was a most remarkable one, and n least three members oi it deserved to take high rank as persons of genius. It was a marked feature of the nineteenth century tfcr.t General Booth had commenced a work similar to that begun by Wesley a hun dred years ago. Mrs. Booth was a striking figure, her writings were marked by literary excellence, a power of strength and great com mon sense. The last oi the tbyee membersof the Booth family was Miss Catherine Booth. He (Mr.. Campbell) conld assnre tho meeting that he was ia sympathy with their work. Any one who read the Mar Cry, and. a book called MeaijK'.nEnykind, wonld know what the Salva. tion Army was doing. When the armv first went to Baliarat, the denomination to which ho belonged — theWesleyan— held ont a hearty welcome to tbe army. One of the strong fea tures of the army wro their earnestness, and he sometimes felt ashamed, holding a3 he did an office in the church, tbat the churches were not equal in earnestness to tho Salvation Army. Ee had often thonaht, when walking up Lotir.'ce. street aud seeing the Salvation Army oldic-rs in unifoqm seliing the TFkr Cry, what spleniid courage they had, and that the churches might well take au example from the army. The army was not oniy doing good work amongst the masses in reclaiming the degraded portion of society, but it also stirred up the churches. It was only tho bigoted and ignorant who did not see the good dons by the army. Some men were timid owing to their non-approval oi the methods ot the army, bat what did it matter if there were a few extravagances connected with the doings of the army so long as the bulk oi the work done was good ? Mr. James Mnnro said he had known Major Barker for some time, and he could assure them tbat he was a very earnest officer, and conducted his business in an admirable manner. He admired Major Barker's deter mination and faithfulness to those he repre sented nt home. As regarded the work of" the army, he (Mr. Mnnro) bad no personal know- lege, bnt he had no donbt that the army gave very valuable assistance to the temceriir.ee movement. Ke thought the people in Aus tralia were drifting in the direction described in outcast London. On behalf of the public of Victoria he was glad to welcome Colonel Booth. Colonel Booth thanked the two last speakers, and the proceedings then terminated in the usual manner. 