Burra Town Council. — A meeting of he Town Council was held last evening, the report of which will be found elsewhere. Parliamentary Papers. — We have to acknowledge the receipt of parliamentary papers, consisting of reports, returns, votes and proceedings &c;, from the Clerk of the Assembly. Concert. — A sixpenny concert will he held in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall on Thursday evening next ; songs, recitations, and readings by lady and gentlemen amateurs. Proceeds in aid of the Wesleyan Band of Hope. Water Works and Bdrgess Roll. — Two advertisements of popular local interest, readied us to late last week for any notice o them. The first relates to a Burgess Roll for the new wards, to which we call attention. The other announces the laying on of water to houses in streets where mains are laid, and the Corporation charges therefor. The Mavoralitv. — For the same reason as given above, we were unable to draw attention to two other advertisements, namely, a numerously and inOuentially signed invi tation of the Burgesses to Mr. John Dunstan, T. P., to allow himself to be nominated for the Mayoiaity, and Mr. Danstan's reply, which we commend to our readers. Railway Receipts. — We note by the Gazette that the total receipts on all the Go vernment railways for the week ending 18th October were as follows : — Passenger receipts, j£4,22i 3s. 5d.; goods, £7,453 12s. 5d.; mis cellaneous, £139 10s. Id.; total, £11,814 5s. ltd., being an increase of £441 6s. on the cor responding week of 1883. Lady Alice. — Our {Bunyip} correspondent informs us that on October 28, some splendid specimens of gold were found in the ' Young Australian,' as the new reef is called. This is at a distance of 25 yards north of where the first gold was found. Another shaft was also started between where the first shaft was sunk and the present find. In this shaft also good payable gold has been struck. Flax-Milling Company. —The Bunyip is sorry to gather from the report of a meeting of the above company held on Wednesday, that it has been resolved to wind up its affairs, the returns from the sale of the flax manu factured at the mills having not been satis factory, and the capital being exhausted, the directors felt it the best course to advise the winding up. Requisition. — The Mayor, Dr. Brummitt, has received a requisition to call a public meet ing at an early date, as per advertisement elsewhere, asking the intended candidates for the Mayoralty to express their views. In compliance with the requisition, die Mayor has accordingly convened a public meeting in (he Burra Institute, on Friday, the 7th inst., when candidates and all others interested are invited to attend. Shallow Homodr. — 'That stupid piece of Ameriean wit headed ' The Woman who Wept,' is going the entire ronnds of the Australian press, and may be found almost anywhere. In our opinion, it is only a parody, and like most parodies, an empty brained one, on the words of Victor Hugo's VHomme qui Rit ; literally, we believe ' the man who grins.' Bonuses for Gold Mining. — Mr. Johnson's motion on this subject, is highly spoken of In every possible quarter. The pro posed bonuses, are designed to offer rewards for the development of a payable gold-bearing reef . at a vertical depth of not less than 500 feet ; also, for the discovery of payable gold at Jeeper levels. That bonuses be also offered for the discovery of payable alluvial goldfields, and to the finder of payable mineral lodes within the boundary of this province, A Railway Tax.— The S. A. Times is surprised that in casting around for various modes of taxation there has not even been a suggestion of a railway tax. For some years past some of the liberal politicians of Victoria have urged the desirability and equity of im posing a tax upon land through which the railways are constructed, graduating from a fixed maximum rate down to nothing, acord ing to the proximity of the land to the rail way and the increment produced in its value. Warren v. Cpstance. — It will be re membered that Professor distance some weeks ago ridiculed a paper of Mr. Warren's on sheep farming in the mos t unmerciful manner, especially as regards the relative exhaustion of the soil by sheep and cultivation. Mr. Warren is to reply at the next Barossa Farmer's Union, Professor distance having been invited. They meet some time early this week, and a lively scene may be anticipated, as the Professor accuses Mr. Warren of ridiculing science. Signs of the Times.— The Ml Barker foundry has reduced the ord inary days work from ten to seven hours, and four hours on Saturday. The loss entailed will effect busi ness men, and many of the men will seek full wages elsewhere. General stagnation in agri culture and other industries is assigned as the cause. The same foundry did the same in 1876, but only for three months ; and again from ten lo eight hours for nine months, ending April 1881. The present shortening of hours is expected to last even longer, a not very promising look out, especially as, says the Mt. Barker paper, the effect will be felt where the foundry is little known and never mentioned. Telegraphic — Great sickness and mor tality among the French troops in China. Nile expedition progressing under Lord Wolseley. Lord Randolph Churchill endea voured vainly to get Mr. Chamberlain cen sured for connection with Birmingham riots Attack by the rebels on Khartoum repulsed, but Gordon reported as having been taken prisoner, -which is donbtful. Colonel Stewart and Mr. Power posirirely murdered. Agents General will probabl y interview M. Jules Ferry on Recidiviste Bill. Enabling Bill likely to be postponed till next year. Gold Medal awarded by Health Exhibition for Australian wines. China troaps massing at Shanghai and Pekin. Cholera at Nantes, and considerable morthlity. Rumoured British mediation in China. Lord Wolsley at Dongola, a very rapid advance. ? * Odd Nomenclature. — Two names, one jf world-wide, the other of South Australian notoriety, are capable of being so arranged as to sound very singularly. Mcllwraith, of Brisbane, means ' son of a ghost.' Oliver, a( freethought fame, soelt backwards reads* 'revflo.' Perhaps the latter is the more appropirate of the two, when compared with the tenets of its possessor ; as if we conjugate the word in all the moods and tenses of some ianguage, we might possibly make out ' revil'em' and '? revil'-at' in the end ! Colonel Downes and the R.V.F.— The report of Colonel Downes, which is before us, is very severe on the Rifle Force, and has created a good deal of angry comment both in Parliament and press, and no wonder. He says, officially, too, that he looks upon the force ' as little better, if at all so, than a shoot ing club, on a large scale,' and that ' there is the serious disadvantage of a false security, due to the impression that in the R.V.F. there is a reliable defence force to trust in.' Apropos of this, a writer, who signs himself a ' soldier,' and one who ' ought to know, you know' ' points out that the Adelaide Rifles ought to have been included in the sweeping strictures. He says the officers are ignorant of the simplest military details, unable to maintain discipline or secure respect, and that the whole force is, owing to the officers, disorganized, and little better than an armed and well dressed mob. Be this as it may, Colonel Downes has, on more than one occasion, and notably so two years ago, displayed qualities unbefitting a commander. He has definitely announced his intention of resigning in June next, as an nounced in Parliament. Amongst the force itself, officers included, his final retirement will not evoke a \'ery violent outburst of grief. It is more likely that a sort of paean will be sung on that occasion, couched in the words of the parting benediction once bestowed on Sir Arthur Gordon : — ' Where he goes, and how he feres, Nobody knows, and nobody cares !' Railway to the Border. — The Govern ment are determined on Petersburg as the point of departure for the route to Silverton, the second reading having taken place on Thurs -day. Estimates, already known, were re produced, as well as many arguments old and new, for and against. The Commissioner of Public Works produced statistics quite as elalwrate and voluminous as those enunciated in his Crown Lands Bill. The Burra route was treated with the utmost scorn, and curtly dismissed with the parting assurance that it would, if adopted, necessitate the construction of 182 miles of railway on the broad guage, at an expense of ^500 to £ 1,000 per mile more than any other route. Mr. Ward spoke in interjections. Mr. Hawker opposed the Bill, on the grounds that it would tend to benefit New South Wales and Queensland, rather than South Australia, whereas our farmers now derive a benefit by carting ore. Mr. Hardy strongly opposed the Bill on every ground, and Mr. Newland most strenuously opposed the adoption of Petersburg, on the grounds that 'a line going through stock country should in volve as few changes of guage as possible, and there would be an insuperable objection to Petersburg. Three different, guages would connect the three colonies. With all the differences of opinion that existed as to the starting-point, some favoring Terowie, others Petersburg, Carrieton, or Orroroo, he feared the wrong point might be selected at last. He opposed the Bill, and the debate was adjourned to this day. We should not be at all surprised to learn that, following the arguments used by Mr. Hawker, the whole question has been adjourned ad Kalendas Graats. Wextworth Popular Amenities. — WenUvorth has been enlivened by a public meeting on public questions, and experienced the throes of political parturition, which have resulted, as with us, in waterworks. There are cheering signs of active vitality in the rising town, which, to paraphrase the words of Franceses da Rimini, sits near the Darling and the Murray. The Advocate is jubilant, and indulges in epigrammatic sentiment, which also chronicles a fact. 'Cemetary excite ment is dead,' 'and we believe buried,' says that paper ; ' water supply resuscitated and vigorous.' The public meeting was noisy and dramatic The Mayor, who presided, hap pened to allude to Dr. Breton as ' the learned gentleman ;'' whereas the learned or unlearned, doctor waxed wroth. He appeared so shocked, in fact, at His Worship's insinuation, that he applied the £t tu quoque Brute, to the chair man, and said he was very learned himself — nothing more ; and yet the Mayor called upon the meeting for protection. Amazed at this quick witted but unparalleled piece of audacity, the Doctor, determined not to be left out in the cold, demanded protecdon also. Then ensued a regular contest, all founded on the ill starred words 'learned gentlemen,' which were tossed backwards and forwards like an invisabie football, amid cries of ' order' and 'chair.' Everyone expected a Murray and Darling version of the Homeric deeds depicted in the Iliad ; an internecine struggle wherein Parises, Helens Aginemnons and Achilles would arise and electrify the Murray cid; but the battle subsided all at once, without any apparent influence or cause, and peace as silently stretched forth her arm as it did in the ' QuosEgo — of the tempest scene of the First ^Eneid. A gentleman rejoicing in the warlike name of Woodhead, took part in the proceedings. 