THE CITY AND THE CASTLE. A Story of the Reformation' in Switzer- ' land. ' Chapter III. the early mass. "Sounds of triumphant pralie I The mass waa sung: ,. . Voices that dlo not might have poured such strains." Mrs. Ubkans. Through a number of narrow irregular streets the father and daughter passed. Wooden booths were erected along their sideB — some for the use of pilgrims, others for the sale of various wares and refresh ments — rendering the passage still narrower. At last they reached the house iuto which they were to lodge that night and the next. It was not an inn, but the dwelling of a widow who made an easy livelihood by tak ing in pilgrims. They entered first a long low apartment, round which shelves were arranged much in the manner of births in a ship, on each was stretched a weary and, in most cases, sleeping pilgrim. Even the floor was covered with them. The hour was still early, but most of them had travelled far, and it was most important that each should be present at the early mass two hours be fore sunrise. A pleasant-looking woman, with soft blue eyes, and fair hair put back under a widow's coif, came forward and greeted Madeline with mingled tenderness and respect — the distinction of classes made little difference in those days in Switzerland. " Thon art pale and tired, my child," she said ; "come, with me into my room and take some supper. Thy mother is better, and sleeping quietly !" But Madeline excused herself, and went quickly and noiselessly into the ono small upper room in which the family were to pass the night. A lamp burned dimly on the table, and by its light Madeline saw her mother stretched on a mattress in one corner, and little Hans and Clare fast asleep on a rug in another, tho latter still grasping the precious necklace. One large wooden chair, two stools, and a table, were all the furniture of which the room boasted ; and it had no ornament save a coarse daub of the Virgin visiting St. Meinrad in his cell, which was hung upon one of the walls. This room was always occupied by tho Reinhardt family when they came thither. The mother preferred it to the bustle and confusion of the inn, and for other rensons. The pilgrimage was no form to her, no duty to be performed with tho least possible discomfit and annoyance, but the earnest effort of a burned and wearyed heart, seeking through it the peace and grace and pardon she knew not how to find other wise. Year after year she had journoyed thither with the same yearning heart, year after year she had returned dissatisfied, empty, thirsting still. For one stream alone can quench the soul's thirst, and of those living waters no man gave her to drink. The last year — the first for many — she had been pre vented by severe illness from paying her annual visit to the Virgin's favoured resting place. For years her health had been deli cate, and now she alone knew how frail the thread that bound her to lifo had become. Her children saw no cause for alarm in the weekness to which they were so long accus tomed — of the gradual increase of which they were unconscious. Stern and cold as Hans Reinhardt appeared even to his children, to her he was ever tender and gentle, and he had long used him self to think of her as a being between a saint and an angel ; and his love, like theirs, blinded him to the fact that something more than the old fragility and weakness had come upon his beloved wife. But when the FeaBt of the Consecration again drew near, and she had pleaded as a last request that he would lay aside his fears for her body, and for the sake of her soul take her once more to that favoured spot, over which heaven, had once opened, where prayers still . found so ready an acceptance, where sucli miracles of grace and healing, had been wrought, ho awoke as from a dream. Awoke to the: bitter conviction that the gentle presence that had been the good angel of a life that would without it have been cold and hard, and grasping, was melting gradually, imper ceptibly, like snow from their own Alps, from his heart and home. It was long before her most earnest plead ings could win his consent to her for so tax ing her feeble strength, so much wasting the littlethat remained of the precious oil of life ; but at last he yielded to the pathetic mourn- fulnesB with which she urged her plea. 'Would not he, who had so striven to make a blighted life rebloom, so loved and shielded her from all outward trouble, been so ready to give her every earthly comfort, help her now to obtain what alone could avail her soon, — the Virgin's help to make her peace with God ? In vain he urged her pure and spotless life, her piety, her alms ; no human reasonings could subdue those soul-yearn ings — for God had awakened them. And trusting that the rest of heart she would find in having performed a work that could uot fail to have such extra merit in one to whose feeble frame it would be so great an effort, i at last he yielded. Madeline had come to . attend her mother ; little Clare had never been separated from her since she could remember, except on the occasion of her last pilgrimage. Hans was brought lest his mischievous tricks should excite Bertha's anger, and worry, poor suffering Paul. As Madeline noiselessly entered the room, her mother's eyes opened, and she smiled a greeting as her daughter knelt beside her low : couch and tenderly kissed her pale cheek. " Did I wake thee, mother darling ? Widow Hartopp told me thou wert asleep." "No, my child, I was not asleep; But good widow Hartopp's talk was too much for me, and I closed my eyes that she might think so. She is a worthy woman, and kind ; but I am weary, Madeline ! " "Ah! why did I leave thee? And, after all, it was no use. But thou must try to sleep now, dear mother ; only let me make thee more comfortable first" And with the tenderness of love, and the skill of long practice, she loosened her mother's dress, smoothed her pillows, bathed her aching brow, and performed all those little nameless services which a quick eye and tender hand can ever make so valuable to an invalid, even under the most unfavour able circumstances. Then Herr Reinhardt came in, and settled himself in the great chair, and soon tho mother's quiet breathing told that she had fallen into the heavy slumber of utter ex haustion. But it was long ere Madeline slept. In the stillness of the quiet room, where all slept but herself, the nun's strange words came back to her with startling dis tinctiveness, and she longed with .a deeper feeling than the mere curiosity and quick interest of a young and sympathetic spirit to know more of the strange story whose dim outline had been so graphically sketched That worn woman had onoe been young and hopeful and happy. Had she not said that life had been too beautiful and love too Btrong ? But oh 1 had not such a long, long penance atoned for sin — a sin, Madeline felt there were soi many excuses for ? Who could leave home and friends and all life'# pleasant things without bitter pain ? and she remem bered well the passion of bitter weeping , with which her sister Bertha's friend, Eustacie Stolberg, had bidden them farewell ere she left for tho convent to which her fate rather than her choice consigned her. And then those terrible words of warning flashed upon her mind : " Child, I charge ' thee, obey God's first call ! " What if God should call her — if that strange, mysterious, inner voice betokening a vocation for religion should awake in her heart, calling upon her to leave home and life and mother? Her spirit sent forth a voiceless cry of anguish. Hers was a nature gifted with that intense realization that makes possibilities realities. " Oh ! I could not, I could not! " she said to herself, and her heart rose to an impulse of mingled dread and rebellion against a God who could command such cruel sacrifices. She had hitherto thought only of the convent as a calm, sweet, pencoful retreat for those whoso earthly hopes were blighted, or whose spirits had been won over from earth to boaven. And she had supposed that the blessed repose and happiness they enjoyed more than made up to them for all they left behind, and prepared for them a bright re ward hereafter. But that day she had met with one called against her will to renounce the world, and that by God himself — ono who had found in the cloister's cells no peace, no rest, no hope. Vainly she tried to turn away her thoughts— the nun's words had unsealed a fountain whose flow would not be stopped by all her efforts ; and when she slept it was to dream troubled dreams of convent grat ings and iron-barred doors, into which the pale wan nun was leading her with resistless force, while her mother Btood with sad face and outstretched hands, which she had no power to grasp. But with the morning the trouble passed. Very early, long before sunrise, the Abbey bells' pealed out their summons to tho first mass, which few of the pilgrims would miss. In spite of the entreaties of her husband and daughter, Marguerite insisted on going ;: she was rested and refreshed, she Baid, and they were very near the Abbey. So, leaving the the still Bleeping children under the charge of Widow Hartopp, they proceeded to the Chapel of Our Lady. It was no easy matter to make way among the dense mass of pil grims who were all pressing towards the chapel, the same reterogenous mass that had yesterday: thronged up the raountnin road, only now packed in closer ranks, and jostling one another in the darkness. It was a strange sight, the gorgeously decorated, brilliantly lighted chapel, into which Herr Reinhardt forced a way for his wife and daughter, when filled to overflow ing with those who had been fortunate enough to gain admittance, many of whom passed the night in the square in front, to secure entrance as soon as the doors should bo opened. Beside the blaze of light on shrine and altar, every worshipper carried one lighted taper at least to place before. the Virgin's shrine. Every head was reverently bent as every eye turned to that wonderful shrine, with its rich arornments, where stood tho wonder-working image of the Virgin. There it was, a small image of painted wood, docked with rich robes and glittering' with costly jewels. And it was to bow to and .pour out the heart before this that those hun dreds of immortal spirits had journeyed from far and near, — some from distant lands, some from neighbouring Alpine homes, — some in holiday garb and easy manner, some like our poor nun, with bitter toil and pain. Oh! sight to make angels weep — to make devils smile ! Are none such seen now, in temples which no outward image defiles and dese crates, but where the shadow has taken the place of the substance, the form that of the , spirit ? But one was looking down upon it all — ay, and upon the hearts of the worshippers. Did he find among them none of his hidden ones — none upon whom he had breathed the breath of life — none whose straining eyes were looking through the dim mists and shadows of error and superstition to the cross of the Crucified rather than to' intercession: of Virgin or saint? Ah! we know there. were many. The love that forbears so long and so much with us whose favoured lot is cast in the broad daylight of gospel truth, might well lead the blind wanderers of that night without stars, through paths that they knew not, to himself. The mass was said : sounds of triumphant praise filled the chapel, scarcely less sweet, the worshippers thought, than those which swelled through it once from the celestial choir ; indeed there were some whose pious ears believed they caught other than earthly strains even then ; clouds of incense floated on the air — the upturned faces of the crowd seemed to glow with a strange light, and a thrill of rapture and enthusiasm ran through every frame. Then one by one the worshippers pressed forward with their offerings to the shrine. A constant stream would come and go before it all day, and as soon as possible Herr Rein hardt led away his wife. Seeing how pale and exhausted she looked, a monk came for ward and offered to let him through a small postern door. " Thanks, father," replied Herr Reinhardt ; "my wife is ill able to bear such fatigue; but she would not miss the early mass." The monk looked at the' pae face of tho invalid, on which rested a strangely wistful expression. Perhaps she had found less com fort than she hoped for in the paBt service, to which so high a value was attached. "I would miss no means of grace," she said sadly ; " I sorely need them. A nd this is i - : one of /special .value, father; is.it mot?":.; jsii.s.-tTh'' monk < hesitated, < t coloured, 1. then (i : answered 'evasively, " All :are : good, .used fU'rightly." -ri - ' . ''v.' !- ; '.' Yes," she Baid mournfully.; ! "but our ' hearts are so weak, so earthly, even when. " earth is slipping from under our feet.V The monk unlocked the side-door of a : 'small chapel in silence, then; having given j them ithe customary benediction, -said, " You : will come and: hear the sermon this morning, Ii trust,' ! I think that will- help you," and closed- the door. r ." I, do not know about that ; I have heard strange things said of this preacher. Canon Sohdnbrunner has already denounced him as :. : an innovator, if not a lieretic. If so, we were / better without hearing him." i.. ; '- But when the ceremony of drinking the waters of the blessed well in the Abbey ' Square had been gone through, and they . reached their lodgings again, Widow Hartopp spoke with earnest enthusiasm of the newly appointed preacher. " Ah 1" she said, " people . say, I know, that he preaches strange things . and strange doctrines. But they are good \- > things and good doctrines ; and put in words that you can understand. They have made ; i me a happier woman than I ever was in my life before — yes, even than when, my poor i Walter was with me. For then I was always -.afraid something would happen to break my <. happiness. I was afraid God would be angry with us .for being too happy. W hen he took 7.' our, little Lieschen from us, I was more afraid than ever. And. that dreadful day on which ' my dear, dear husband was brought home a : shattered corpse, dashed to pieces in a moment ' by his fearful fall down that frightful preci- ..'.i pieo;iI-felt what a terrible thing it was to dis-. ..please such , a God. The thought of my ;i': Walter's 'poor soul passed into eternity with- ;:o outiia; moment's warning, without the holy rites of the Church, weighed upon r me night . i f and jdayi nil would have gone into a convent; tb spend my, -i life in prayers for it, but , fori jiiforii'littlenWalter. And tben"jby...- -gree8 (1/ got! hard and cold, and thoughts !.; where i my Walter went I would go.; You, 0 i iknowi be would not go to mass or, do like Trio 7 irest. i/! Hen had . some sentences iin; his diead? i ; that i lie : i learned out of an oldi- book -his grandmother used to read to him, and: he said, \- they were more to him than ' inass I or .'priest.- i:.-And the-first time; I heard; this1 preacheivhel \- !i, preached ifrom the very, word Walter! so often. n.-i repeated, ;andiwhich ho loved soiwelhni And! hi; he r. said- ; they : were God's words. ' - .These , i>/, were iitheyr-i'. Herein- is love ; i not that we doved God, -but - that he iloved « us,-/ and i gave his Son to be the .propitiation for; our sins ; v' and the. sermon was all so beautiful, and new, , ; aridl- sweet, :I could scarcely think I heard : aright;; But one day; as. I saw him passing, \- 7/1 imade a hold venture, and went and spoke Ltokim, and -told him my story. Then he oi-camedntq.my house and-sat down with me; o: and oh l the load that went from my heart as 1! .1 - listened to his words. For he said Walter was no heretic for believing those words and loving them, as some said ; for they were; i God's- words', and he did not seem to think it vi would, make, so much difference his not hav-. 1 i ingiibeem. confessed and anointed. He told. :.;,tbe .God ,I .was so much afraid of was a-Godi . .-.of i'love; land that he and the Lord Christ .Iloved even such as I. Ah! I can't tell you : - : the words the said then or since, but they are i .7ic?-e,"and shelaid her hand onher heart. " And , -ii'Lamcbappy because I know, I feel the: Lord; HiiChristdoves me, though I am such a poor sin- ; i:ful .woman, ;for! heisaid himself that he came- n; 'to; seek, and . ; thati was another of Walter's sentences. . Did ' ! you noti ask - me, Frau Bernhardt, - where my > 7! old- sorrowful looks were gone, and; what \- made meso. smiling and happy.? It i is; all because I know now the Lord, loves me,' and :;I amteure he will forgive the isinsuf or which ; / /he-was willing to die. - >,'.: . . ,!; ( At this moment the widow was called from ,v.below,i and silence fell upon the party; UiHerr > hi Bernhard t . stood at the window, looking iout - u: intoithe, garden in which Hans and Clare were :i. playing: with the widowls little son; Made-. >::vine.;:sati: by the couch , on which she had I, (tenderly laid her weary mother, with her chin resting (upon ; her hand;, and ; her soft eyes . rfixedthougbtfully.upon the! floor. ; And < the mother-!. One, hand :was in; Madeline,; the h ; other Igrasped . .tightly, a small ! crucifix: of 'lebony,1 and; ivory; mpon, .whichnher igaze was i intently isettled; iThere wasi faint .flush! iupon i /iiithe cheek'ioani.eageri .expression,' half ; hope, ; w half fear, on ithe:'swet<.deliOiate. face; u . ! ; i v; When at last Herr Bernhardt ! broke ' the '; n silencepit 'was! by. .saying; , discontentedly; " It « ,j-iH/eyen;;isvi!tliought ;-.this preaohirig savours; ricof-heresy!;! Ii like, not, these new-fangled ways. Fancy aipreacherisitting down to; explain- his- 7 !!8ermonito aipoor ignorant ! woman; who lias 7 i evidently misunderstood it-after all'! flndeed, ' i.-:.>Id6Y riot/see thesiusel-of all! itliis/ preaching. hvLetipe6prechear!iinas8,- andii8ay their .prayers, ; n and pnytheir(!:dues,jand ileaveithere'st ito-ithe ; djpriests.'lm nmiauiiriii/ hi-.u omtip;-! to ilhiii - THE FEMALE JESUIT.-Such vis-/ the i>-.titlotpfea:A;olumev.published thirtyiyears' ago. i ,oiIt:( is' but Jittle,! kndw,n;!i and 'ideservesv.tovjbe «. tnbfoughtlintbiihotice'asia- meansrofiiwarning.to i -nPrbtestant Ifamiliesiagainstithe/subtle dangers - aito which giiietliese-xday s:ithey;1, are t'mor'eith'ah ; -i .evert exposed ;j Thfere'iarbfagehbies at:wbfkiall, liioverjthcoutitrynwhos'eipresenceiahdipurposet are little'suspected. The following statement - t ;ifr.ori)itth5sri3Thlumeqiwill f:give .theafdader ai ; ; general t!vie,wi.o£ithe iS'uhjoct iwitbi-, which' it ; deal's, vl-mo orii ssitti Ion Uuov/.«h1u -tutl ' i 't fit "i,W;hen rgnatiu8jLoyala!haclbeeniprovailecl t "uiupon byytbehentreaties! dfiithreei ladiesittb \- aund.orthke itl)'eif./j spiritual/! .oversight, 'xandj thus I otloyjtheifoundati'onibfiialcbmjnunity of twomen, : 1 ho tfpQdilysrepentedlnf hist'cpmplinnceiji nort ii.could.-tth'eiF.'-.u.lmrosti.efforts n induce ihimv;to-; .resume! the .trust. i.Ho declarad ' thatjl '. the : \- ' control and direction of three women gave : him more trouble than the government of a society which bad spread itself over Europe.' — (Isaac Taylor's ' Loyala,' p. 139.) " But though the Lady Bosella failed, a feminine attempt of more recent date- has succeeded ; and there exists at the present time in the Boman Catholic Church an order of nuns, corresponding in its aims and regu lations with the Society of Jesus. It was established early in the present century, and owes its origin to a French lady of high rank and large property, who bringing both to the service of the Church was constituted by the Pope foundress of a new religious order. Like the Jesuits, it adopts for its designation 'The Society of Jesus,' or 'The Faithful Companions of Jesus.' Those who join its community, like the Jesuits, are bound to the most slavish subjection of body and mind, passive and unquestioning obedience being represented as the highest point of perfection. It may be as truly said of them, as of the Jesuits, that in their order ' obedience takes the place of every motive and affection that usually awakens us to activity ; obedience, absolute and unconditional, without one thought or question as to its object or conse quence. With the most unlimited abjuration of all right of judgment, in total and blind subjection to the will of his superiors, each must resign himself to be led as a thing with out life, as the staff, for example, which the superior holds in his hand, to be turned to any purpose seeming good to him. The Society to him is as the representative of Divine Providence.' — ( Ranlce's ' History of the Popes?) "Like the Jesuits, moreover, the members of this female society have no settled resting- place, but are moved from convent to convent, and from' country to country, at the-, will of their superiors, without previous knowledge or choice on their part,! and sometimes at a few; minutes! notice. As with the Jesuits,: a perfect system of , \- espionage us maintained .over every /member, of " the : Community, ; and the . utmost secreBy ipreserved.with regard to -the movements of - the Grder.i ; And,! like the' Jesuits, itbe.,ohieff though unavo wed object appears to be the, increase and prosperity of the Order, and the, -accession of ;new converts by) means .of the' ieducation of the young. , \- - - ,'f This Society was first established near : Goneva,- but it. has; gradually spread itself over .France, Germany, Italy, England, and , Ireland. The foundress and head of the' ' Order is styled the ' Reverend Mother Gene ral,' or the ' Very Reverend Mother,' and her provincial deputy the 'Reverend Mother.' The power of the former is despotic. -She can make or unmake laws for the community as she will, and is considered as standing to them in the place of God. When she appears in the morning all instantly kneel for her blessing, and none may approach her but on their knees. "In the absence of the Very Reverend Mother or her provincial, one of the. senior nuns is appointed as Lady Superior , -to each convent, but ; her authority is very limited, and she must. apply to :the Very Reverend Mother for directions in any case not explicity providedifof by the rules of the Order.i-il.f ; i;;v" This. Order period! steadily progressing. /The; number,!of convents! is .increasing;. as'.welLasi . the: number ; of, 'pupils in each; and Imany converts .to cthe .Roman Gatholic faith are annually made from . among .the Protestants pupils i in the- schools. ; i . b The discipline. . of ; this Order lis. in/some . respects-less rigid than that of other- orders ; . for the service, of the sisterhood being - re quired for the purposes : of : education,1 it is deemed inexpedient to injure. their: health; by- severe fasts and penances.:! On .the, other /'hand, the implicit obedience (.required; and surrender of all will and judgment from/the most important decisions of this ilife.downito the merest trifles, involves a ./ state of . mental slavery more trying to an independent spirit than- any mere bodily afflictions. The check put upon the riatural feelings, .and the frequent and sudden removals from place ! to placej' strike at the root of all strong ; attachments ahd>endearing associations. Those who have been cIobo companions for one or two yeara fini one convent, may in. a daylbe separated never to' meet- again; and' all: effort- ;to ..trace .each .other, either, by- letter, or. Inquiry, be .fruitless..: ! -j.v/ i.l v/obiv/ boos; ' isii»'.'.-The« members, of'.-ithe:- oo'mrauhity .being lfor.1 the; most parti Jladies both'-ibyibirthiiand. education, of cultivated, intellects and refined .susceptibilities;.: arer jiist !sueh (keenly Kalive: toisuffering.-from:these' causes;; :jand the history which! follows,! thougli itpre- sents no harrowing detail' :of.-corporeal;inflic- .itio'nsj'.is prohably but one- spebimen/of:i many, jwho aremow in like manner conteridingliwith- the' mental i struggles! :of< a-. refledtiv"e;andiup|- . r.right' ; mind;; and. the repressed i and i agonising -yearnings; of! an- affectionateheartil'ii; oiuil . bkiirhas to -be borne- -incmiridnthati/the above ,. i . was written thirty years- ago;-/ ,The/numbenof . convents in Britain, as shownun ithorAnuual , oReport of the Scottish .Reformationi Society, . .'has since then increased, nearly. sevehfold;iahd j ithemuinber of i- monasteries tenfold/ it/What a . /.giganticpower; fori evilvis Powiin full working sinjloiif country.iiiltsi influencel is .felt \tinu all ; i ranks'and. degrees of ; society— in if amilies,sin , Ghurchespt everywhere;! :Aii j atmosphere i has ) :ibeen!! created) wliich.is.blightingireligion/all j around, fl Division-.-a'nd:! strife are/.takingiithe i placebof coricbrdi- and/ipeace jesu'spiqionvand , tdistrusteare'expefling-kindness/andiconfidence. J jffirueiDhristianB tareifeelinjg tlieoaltered .state- fo'f-.things/lan'dl/knbwonotf.whitherilto/turnifo'r . genuine, fhuman.-.-frie'ndship;.!..:-No-!'One!-,i!"6ed/ f,. wonder at- sucH?!a;>;cliangei Ayhen-othe .Spinti of; -/Popery h'as;go't-lsoi.'lafgelyf diffused /through-., iout. -the (land:-;, andu things liwilli/yetghecome-. worsiiv ! aiid , . worse,-;! 'unless' . .the; Protestants Churches awake ;to .their actual "posi-; tion and repel the malignant influence: ' Their first duty is to confess their unfaithfulness in the sight of God. They- have not been! true to tlie Protestant cause ; and therefore God is permitting Popery to scourge them. There is a loud call for humiliation before God; and for earnest prayer that he; may i;etarn in: mercy to our land in abundant outpouring of His Holy Spirit. The above-mentioned Report, referring to those convents of a stricter kind, where the inmates are kept in close confinement, says : — " Women who enter these retreats, whether voluntarily or otherwise, are compelled to remain in them for the rest of . their lives. By the rules of a system which claims to be an infallible Church, these inmates are rendered helpless. They have no redress against whatever treatment they may bo sub jected to. They are cut off for ever from their friends ; they are beyond the reach of the law to protect them. In a moment of enthusiasm they may resolve to enter the cloister, dreaming of a life of happiness within its walls ; but they can never return to tell their friends whether their dreams have been realised, or whether tliey find themselves doomed to a Jife of misery. Now and then a case occurs in which an inmate escapes, but, having re gained her liberty, she will submit to a life of whatever hardship rather than return. The fato of those, who cannot escape, no one out side is ever permitted to know. Many deaths occur within those walls, whether natural or otherwise, hut they are never reported ; no record of them is found in the Registrar- General's office Times , 3rd August, 1875). It is surely a moBt marvellous anomaly that such a state of things should be allowed to exist in a country which boaBts of liberty; and it: is time that the voice of the nation were heard, demanding that these institutions be thrown open to -inspection. — Reformation Journal. : .. ! i ,.! fj . ; "THE LOGIC OF FACTS.- ,: ' ; ..(From the N. S.W. Independent.) j , , - While it is, so ' persistently affirmed . that , faith in, the. Gospel is dead or of dying, :we.do well to give heed to the logic of facts. , Whatever theorists may affirm, the facts . prove and illustrate the vitality of Christian truth.. The Freethought party in these colo nies,, have, for years past, boasted of their progress and influence, and large audiences are at times drawn together for the promul- gation of unbelief. But while so many, who are indifferent -to religious obligations, -or restive under moral restraints, readily side with scepticism, and swell the audiences which applaud some flippant lecturer, or pass a Sunday evening at a meeting which is en livened by secular music, it is a fact that a lecturer' whose deliverances' are marked by intellectual culture and literary restraint, , though his rationalism is undisguised, could not command a' fairly paying audience amongst his' own sympathisers for a few nights running. It is periodically announced that a Freethought Hall or Lyceum is about to be built in one or other of the chief cities of Australia ;- but we have not yet heard of the completion of such' a building, !nor of the ceremony of 'laying the foundation-stone, nor as much as.that a beginning has been made to subscribe a fund adequate for the 'purpose. Either the party of unbelief do not' believe in their own' principles, or 'they deem them not worth making 'any serious effort 'to embody and extend. . In contrast to the stagnation of unbelief, the Christian -part of the community are steadily extending ' their ' operations ' in the erection of -noble ' buildings for Young Men's Christian Associations, and in the establish ment (of Christian ordinances wherever the people are making their homes.-; Scarcely a week 'passes' without; the foundation of a church being laid; 'or the completed- 'structure being opened for -divine worship ;r/ tens of thou8arids06f pounds" are ' heirig. freely con- lributed: for religi'ou's purposes ;;J'ah'd, instead of showing any 'signs of exhaustion,' the spirit ; of liberality seems to' increase in proportion to the generosity of . ,the gifts. All this is ' goirig'bn;!without display and boasting, and with such accohapaniments as show the deep, , silent faith 'of Both Christian men and women, that the Gospel is! worth' -living- and working .- for,1 arid -thatits institutions will abide when! "much that now'assails'it" will have" vanished i froiri\th'edeartlii.l!T Y.i'.!'.1 M1IT, - i ti;!yIt/,is a/ sign, ful.t ,qf;encquragement;! that when a man. who has.mastered the Christian evidences, or a, woman of exceptional power; in proclaiming the1 Gospel; comes to us, the' « largest halls "are'ffillled-with'! hearers, eager to .learumqre'aboutthe'lifei'th'atnow/isfand'abou.t . .that'jwliipli is ' to1 coriie!'i'l!A1'few days' ago (29 , ijNqy.-),! ihierriohlbBt -hallnjin Melbournpl' was - >paoked.-.withijan eager crowd, -at- a/jleoture i-dpli vered; under-ythe (auspices /of-! thel/Ydtfrig | iMen's\\!iGhristilan;<>Associationj't hyi/Dr.-s'Mqor,- Jhouse, the '/Anglicanoi Bishop of: .Melbourne, J uupon.nO.ne! i of tithe-.; idriesb ;of i-isubjeotsj td-.The t .genuineness./ of -ithej' Gospels;''YoThe lecturer > \- jnvestedbihist jthemeniwith i tall tihe i charmljof , forcible Irketorio jandl manly ieloquence;-but it. jiwasdintense'aiuterest in- thensubject, '(.which ; .ico)amandedii'' (the/ veryi strict; i ian'dv g-earnrist lattentiori/iof ith'eivaudience ;/h. with ibrenthlessjattentiont because) the/ lecture i", was -useful rather than ornamental or sensa- 'jtionaliVnevN .'.criiiikj-'siniquflis (Kotiaa i»M» 1 ; lr> of Tischendorf's discovery of /the Codex Sinaitious and its relation to the. other ancient , MSS. of the New Testament. ln a popular way he gave an outline of New Testament, criticism/;and trenchantly„'reviewed;;the posi- tions taken up by the -author of "Super- natural Religion, ' marshalling the latest dis- coveries and the most; unanswerable argu- ments in disproof of the mythical theories' of Strauss, Bauer, and Renan,, and triumphantly proving that' they have hopeleslsy, broken down.- And now," says the Bishop,/ what are you going to do with this mass of evidence? What explanations are you prepared to give of these undoubted facts ? Facts everywhere demand explana tion ;- and it is the business of the philosopher- to find such explanations. Therei are certain physical facts, and specially certain of i the phenomena of light, that could not be ex plained on the old theory of the emanation: of rays. How did scientists meet the difficulty ? By suggesting another theory — that of. .an undulating ether, which would give the;- re quired explanation. I would ask the sceptic, what explanation have you to give of : the fact that our gospels, including the super natural element, were written by the men whose names they bear, or .by men living in the apostolic age, were accepted as truth by- eye- witnesses of our Saviour's life, and tell the wondrous story, that and no other, which regenerated a dying and despairing world? You are bound to explain the facts ? l ean explain them, simply and easily, on the sup position that Jesus was the Son of God, did mighty works, rose again from the dead, and filled his church with the Spirit of Pentecost How can you explain the facts without these presuppositions? Do you turn away, with sublime agnostic scorn, saying , that miracles are impossible, and you do not oare to try ? Then you have abandoned the field of /his tory and criticism. You have thrown down your arms ; you have acknowledged your self vanquished ; you have left the Cross flying triumphantly over the scene of your defeat, and have shut yourself up in your last earthwork — that a miracle impossible. How long do you think you can hold that ? It is a position, whioh, as I, believe,- is philosophically absurd and untenable, and if that is all you have to defend; the victory, of Christianity along the whole line is very, near at hand. That sceptics. feel the-.pressure of their difficulties is manifest from the absurdly weak excuses which many of them are. now subslituting for critical, and historical argu ment." . ...! i j i . . ! . Wo regard this eagerness for, jiriformation on Christian evidences as, a i hopeful) -sign ; souls ; are crying for bread, and, there f, is enough; and to spare. i iici- A. single line of evidence dealt) with logi cally and boldly, as the Bishop has .done-gin this lecture, must carry convictiopstoia.candid mind ;: but that is only a Binall part of Chris- itian:; evidence. And as he says, .Viewed separately, each of these series; of .reasonings may Beem no stronger than the single;, sticks of :the fable, bat bound together .in the unity of .their common object, it would be as (hard to rend them: to pieces as to break thefaggots when tied into a bundle. .: Their strength, then, is not that simply of so many'isingie strands of cord, but of those -strands twisted into a cable. It is only one thread of, the great cable which holds the anchor of Chris tian hope ; and if :I untwist it to-night it is ouly- .to' suggest to you how tough , is, the fibre of each insignificant part."; We ven ture to, believe, that in the enlarged liberality of the churches ; in the fearless exposition and- /defence ,of historical . Christianity, ;! and in, the growing, interest ingfundamental ques- : ;tions of .life, and faith, we see. the beginning of.i.a great revival:. , which'!, wills,. confound , cavillers,1 and , lead mariytl)Who are . halting 'between .. two; opinions , to -realize and -avow their! faith-in the Lord- . Jesus .Christ;', the Son of God and the Saviour, of: men. S.'B; 'THE ! OLD 'PRIESTS u;0FjI MHNGB'ET— WHERjs| a.;TY:?/, ,'.q,;iToAn''l'Cqiriet;MiclletVii8,-rtnrriJ,'intoVufli8 jold; graveyard. ; " Many jri .resit, fter all jite iabours, but I srippbsel'their iareg>>x..aw';aU'ijfl8. labours, '.but I ; suppose' ,tlieirJ, 'souls - are-.at restli.V 3iVere, 'tliey , not all' , good Christians, and members of '.'the itrdechurclxi?"' 'i,., pre'lTef, look here, Mick. iSee on eyery , tombstone , > .' R equiescat , in pace May! ! h e rest .-iin'r peace.! . Why; 1.need"jtlierei1ibe|,'1t'h'at . grayer',, if. /tliey. be .atj'peacealteia'dy-? " yftby 1 wKat|s this great lqng/insorjlbix.?, '.".v. This is a! copy of' a mi'tile'inftWae- 'yard.of Murigret, ri'ear Limerick1;"1 /fiiiiil una, I»!!t jidfi 1! ill S«i:i» :)ino( 0/1T ,,, . . .. (REV., ,M.!|pASEy, -'V-niib j.Andjhis Paiup'Mangid Ggoojra. li/os /!'" 'i !!:> /(().". - i ft!) -io'« .Mfit'/vs-'ii oail ! j »i' iTo, ask, pr&yGrs; ox tlio fQitlifiii for ij . /I...V 'j i J ' I / 1 " il i ( j q tx b'rov liaM 'ui o:!k1 o goiilt'/uA 'nf 'oy>.Jgg»( .jWRqgrvedJp ( And., other, Erists'.'jj'wlioseemriins .lie'also ..''if beneath,, but", whose .names, and" dates,, i . is. I. '« To m-ni r.virg-ihifi ;ii!j ni f -fViPtj - Air? &.H .p?H il lnoverisawi thellikeibefore'.lnils-.if not-mighty iqueer,i.that:itheo8quiBoof these; diqlyimepire ilnotiat reBtiyet,';though:.they,arefPo.il0ng,d,qad ? Wiiy, )ihero'si,;Fatliern .McNumara) dqad these i-fqrtyyears) audjiyeti-FjatJieri p.aseyi'gskstthe . people! to ,pray f or gtho! repose.of .bis.sQ.ul;, 5lj)o DyoUithink. no, masse.svwere.i'saidijfor, liim;;and !-no:im,qnth'S(mindi?"!hi'j>ii -riji rimy ihmmiiq r mrMick—S' Ii heard vmy.JfatheriiSfiyihe Yapjin Ithoi/chapel f.when ..forty-.priestsj Isaid,1maBS,f or i-him.'U asyii) . -ovsil otqoea ' ,.,;: drp7t?j.-Ti-ri lis deadtisevontyityears, :and--yet: his;)SO,ul iis,so :-.uneasy,vp.rayers,are askecljthat; Godimayogive i-rest.tQ./his soul."n! .!,iu -j-.\ ..'../.in.,!-' ' ; , M.icic-\ iW cU,7 1 ..know /Fathey, \Gasoy4s ;ob tender-hearted a man asever, breathed p! would not wonder if he 'said a mass every" day, to try. and get thesepoor men out of purgatory." John—" Nor I either ; but maybe he does not feel sure that there is so much good in masses for the dead, or else he'd be always saying masses for the holy souls. But, Mick, if these good men, after all these prayers are still in the hot place, what chance, has your father's soul with his one poor mass ? " Mick — " What shall I do 1 My poor father and poor Judy! and maybe, as they say in Kerry, ' They are on the wintry side of the ditch in purgatory."' . . : , ' John — " I don't like-to fret you ; but it's all no use. Look what I saw in the Evening Mail , June 9, 1866 — '-A-letter from Borne, of May 31, says : — On Tuesday morning the Pope was present at the -annual funeral obse quies of his predecessor, Gregory XVI., and after mass performed, the rite of absolu tion over - the pontificial catafalque.' Sure Gregory is dead these thirty years, and yet theyare saying, .mass for him still, and pro nouncing absolution over his dead body, and thousands of bishops and priests said mass for him, and-yet he must be uneasy still ; and sure he is the very Pope that thought he had such power in heaven, he canonized the four saints in>jl839, and;yqt;he can't get 'himself up to heaven .out of purgatory ; arid sure Pius IX.. tried/if too'; t and i.yeti poor, Gregory is ,un- , easy still.'.' . Mick-.f lijcouldlcry iftt- , the ' thought r of jit,-; Here is the last Pope and all the priests of Mungret in the fire/stilfl/Oh'! .Judy, where are you. at all, at all ? " John- L'am, told';, too, j that every y/ear they have in St. Michael and St. John's Chapel in Dublin, (an! office', for thblhappy re pose of the soul of Dan O'Conneli, so that, though ho did so much-for the Church, yet ho is not out yet. And, Mick, I'll tell you more- A friend of/mine, 'tho, other day, gave me a blessed book, which God made his holy Apostlesnd-.serantsy write, to give,us an,, account of "Jesusi -Christ land i thei Christian/; religion, and how to , got to .heaven. It tells, too, how He preached,' aridfwhat-lHe said in His sermons, and what Ho used to talk about, when Hejwalked along (the road; 'Ittellsus;;, tootliatuwhe'n"Heidied 'and went to'heaveri;' the Apostles .went everywhere, . telling the people that- Christ' Jeshsi camel into the world to save,, sinners and in _tho same book we have > many/ etters (.which > St.l.Peter and St. Paul and John and James wrote to people, to tell them how-to -please God, and get to heaven." Mick — " And dobs it -tell yus "how/fo get souls out of purgatory ? "" ' " John—" Whisper, Mick there is not a word in it about purgatory 'at'!all, any more thanrtherpjis inrthe Apostles' Creed.. Sure, you may, begin the' ' I believe' in. Godjahd go i on to'th'o'ehd," ' Life everlasting/Amen;' "and not meet .one/.ord about .purgatory r The New Testamiebilg us niucb|about''ekVen and hell and the day'of judgment, but not one. word for purgatory for yriglit souls, or masseB for the dead. The worst' of sinners can have all hist 6inij blottedf outs fori ever by Jesus ChrisLj Amongfij! tbe'hfriends JeBusihadionf earth; tlidearest8 was :St. John'- ; nii'd- in/one i of his letters he wrote,, these. ,w,ords : ' If wo walk in the light. 'nb'-lie is inv. the light," we have fellowship one with another, and the blood ibf'JesusJ Christ iliis. Son cleanseth us;- from all sin.' You see He says "cleanseth' us fromjdl, .sin"— eyerykind.pf sin ; .every lie white or black.; -overy„..6ath.j. 'eyeryfijdle' word ; .every" bad " temper j every trick and- sclieme j'JancKif -they /are alTcleansed'a'way, where is the want of purgatory?'., ?;r Mick—" Indeed,, J.ohhj from'whttt you toll me, maybe'' 'Judy Lis! at 'resPriow, and we'll 5 nover.pjmdaaskii!g; Father,, Casey, to: say mass-, forbeh "'A8be'ean't-''get Father "M'Namara'5 nnd-Father-Heynes-out-of- purgatory ;-what good can he do Judy Murphy ? " THE ROMANS 0ULTUS/C)F<. THE 'A BLESSED YIKGIN. Jp \//| ( From the Irish" Ecclesiastical -Gazette.# X A letter from the Pope, enjoining the par ticular orshipofjthelYirgin' Marycluringith'e' present'! month, . -was read, in Sail the Roman . Cathplic. ch.urches and ..chapels on the 23rd October. In that, .letter cthe mother of our Lord is<5 styled, Jh-the Immaculate; 'Mother;"?; " tliegreat .irgin , Mary the mother- of Gqd;Jy, " thb"Mediatrixt6f"6ur jc«'wi(h''God;"'ahd-' " the Admini8ti:atrixtDf ;.Heaverilyifavours:;jn "the Helper of Christians';,).;.1 BringerQpf- j Aid,"," ConBoler," ft Po.werful-in W| ar,"V Con queror;"' " Giver of Peiice," " the Heavenly ! Patrbnoss1 of 'tlie'human race and an indul-" gence of ";'seven : yoars :nnd ' seven " quaran tines " is promised r to all who shall duly- worship herein V-the recitation: of the Rosary and Litany/of our Blessed Lady." Now a Papal document -of this kind as often , as it appears painfully brings under the notice; of the Reformed Church-in this island, the fear ful aberrations and. departures from the pri- mative faith made fandTpefpetuatedrint tlie j Roman Communion. When wo look for thA authority fpr this heresy of Mary-worship either in scripture; reason; or tradition, w.e.are absolutely at V"l6s8ito'fin'ii'iif; '':'T6ssay ;witb the;Rpihan Oliu'rcbfif ought fo'be'so,- and there- i fore is'so1 jrbec'aii'se vtlie IBiV.M.' was' accorded1 the distinguished honour of , .bringing r the ; Sayippivjiito tiieMyoi'ld; therefpro"' eveiy, . other ; Krac'e';is;.hei'B,;'ahd'!;w.e:afe'.bouh'd.towbrahip: her, and ask faVra'froiShKSr, 'tbiB'is" simply tn make an assertion incapable of proof. On the contrary, we must hold that, having due regard to the glory of Christ as the ..only.; : begotten Son of God, he Virgin Mary would testify ngainst'lhffringfinTa"'':bplnn'goA-that" .; should be His'nlone." 'To argue that' because Christ was subject to His mother once, jt must always bo so, is to forgot- how even during His earthly life after He had entered upon Hfsrpublib. ministry that authority ceased, and that the' Blessed Virgin herself recognised that it was so when she said, " Whatso ever He saith unto you do it !" But passing from reason, what does Holy Scripture say ? We find St. Mary spoken of there as " full of grace," " blessed and Elizabeth speaks of her as " the mother of my Lord." But else where Christian people are spoken of as enjoy ing the same grace (e.g., Epb. i. 6. " graced " in the Douai version), and St. Stephen, and St. Barnabas are spoken of as "full of the Holy Ghost," and John the Baptist was to be "filled with the .Holy. Ghost even from, hist mother's womb." ,If she is called Blessed, so are Christ's followers nine times over in the Sermon on .the. .Mount-, -.and, all the saved in the Bookof the Revelations, " Cprneye. blessed of my Father," <&c.; If- she is called- the Mother of the Lord, ,we . find Christ de claring, that all who do the will of His Father which is in heaven will "rank as His-Mother, and His brethren; and when the woman , in the crowd lifted up her voice and invoked' a blessing upon the Mother who'bnro Hiin,'"bur" Lord replied, " Yea, rather, Blessed are they that hear ,the,rwprd of God and keep it."__As to the statement that pur Lord jmib.sub)t4o His mother, the exact words of tlio Evangel ist are,! "(Subject (to. 'them, wliich, wjould ef an argument as1 much'' for( the' authority of.'- Joseph, and thereforeJogically would involve /hip worship also. Arid, indeed; the " Roman Church accepts this conclusionpwhen it ad- VdrpBses " Jesus, ' Mary, arid Joseph" as the new Trinity — an invocation that has an.indulr gence of 300 days attached to it. jBut let us; look at the positive side of.scrip- ;'ture ; how absolutely it forbids, jthewbrship of the creature ; how dogmatically it lays do wri tlio. proposition that there" is but " oiib' God; and one jMcdiator betweohlGod"andmaiiT —the man Jesus Christ 1" When it is argued by RomariPaufhofitiesth'at Morioratry.favburs the -doctri ne , of the Incarnation,, ,we.-, see , how, entirely the (doctrine ;works 'thejotherway, as , destructive i of .the human sympathy, qi.Christ;' ,To quote thei'. blasphemy; jbfi Ligpuri; in/Risj "Glories of Mary," a work..'that lias' tlio im- primaturel,;pf ji-jpardinal i ..Manning— "Qf ten ; shall we be;hearbimorp!quickly;;and.,hp>thus; jpreserved, if we have recourse to Mary an'd Jeall upon her. (name, .than , we should;, bq if wo called on the name of ..Jesus" our Saviour." What;isvthi8 but .to; exalt ;tlio ihuinap sympa thies- of-Mary. .above . those . of .- j osus . Christ— to' make her humanity,- more perfect than His? It is right'tb offer' the Blessed Virgin this wbrsEipJj'itf is (reinarkablp; that sthe ;.vyiso7: men di3' not'!offer iFwheh" they' visited ' the'' scene of the Nativity— " When they were come uritq s the/house,-? they sawthe ry,oungs cliild, (With, MarytHis.,, motherland ..fplhdojvn,, and- worshipped: iffmi'h. i (St.vMatti):iii)i'l).i /a-.. y j Bpt''a8pWe';Rnd;;;rio;.ant;hprit fth!e.'bultusobf..Jthe'.'Virgiin'i scrip",' ture, neither ,do,!we find 'jit'/in the -.wri tings of' tlio'Fathbrs. " It'' i a .'ti .'rem ax;k'aLl g!J f act ' t li At1 the" following, writers' Devon so : m u ch i nsi mention. theBI.Mr.1;— r-BarnabaspHerinas; ,Clementj of; Romb Polycarp, ,'alimi,thenab!CO)THeb'::' philus, Hippblytiis,1 Gregbiy Thauinaturgus, ; Cyprian;' Firmilian, .'Dionysius; Arnobius;<and< /Methp.diu8;;",';If'it jfep; I:pIe":should.iworship:,ithe-i(iVirgin!,Mary.:/and? invoke .'her. aid/in iitho'libur' ofdjiaithiit-nplj;' passirigstrarige'itliat ribrie'pfitii'e.abb'ye'wH ever.;rn'ehtionh'tlii8.-.duty, -and;' in" f apt; ('never a r, once';i refer to,.th'e;mptherjbf allj?£ CorilA'they; haverbeeri good Christians from the Roinnn point : of view ? " When" we take' later." fathers ijt' is' the same. ' Hiliary "of Poictiers, indeed® speaiks1 of the Virgin being judged -like any other creature, ;;St> Basil, r of , the rswprd, that, ;:pierced(Jiei;.. soul, as referring to her wavering "iri'her'faith at the Passion (so likewise St.' Jeromej-Ofigen,' and. St. ,0h'ry-« sp8toro);/ 7 St; - Chry sostom speaks, „.of- ., her. -'" excessive :ainbition""and "rarrogance.".Jin- -sending- a message- to- Christ. ;„St. ..Gregory.. Nyssen says we are taught of the Scriptures ..toij" regard'J'every 7' created beingas foreign ffrqrif'tlie Divine»Nature, arid to'lservo and reverence the uhcreatadvNature , alone." St. Epiplianus writes of the B.V.M. : " She was a Virgiriy, too', and honoure'd, but not givon>tov us'for worship."' ,Agairi;"directly. we'find this. Father and Doctor of the Church writing— . " Let Mary he' honp7hfc'1erthrFatKefp ,S on ; ,a rid- H o 1 jt; Gh os tb e worshipped, pet.no >one.wgrshi2J MargJp/c; , ppp 4 i ! , -/A AU'this being so, he- practice ofMariolatry : 'in ..'the '.r Roman;j.Opinmunion (musr)be pro- '.nounced a. there'syyofthe deadliest type ; it is ra prabtice .absolutolj', without, any foundation either 'in reason, Scripture, or pririiitive •'tra dition ; and 'must -be -regardedas one of»the.- false and superstitious, accretions .the?, Roman Church . lias 'gathered : to her teaching in the course of years, arid /one; which she? is now either unwilling or- unable to discard, v'i SAVAGE ATTACK ON A CONVERTED PRIEST.— Last Monday a brutal outrage oc curred in Church-street, .Barrowrin-Furncss, which threw the town into great excitement. ; A lecturer who describes himself as Mr. A. P. Dovlj'n, a "qqriyorted 'priest;" has for a week or-two 'beeri -engaged in giving lectures again8t"Popei'y, and-in:'1 lifting-4he veil from the confessional."- .Crowded, audiences have listened1 to; him.'. It is said that for somo.'daysX 'P08t"fjeveral imeriliave'iilaid/iniwaiffforfdiim'; . and!bh''returnirig,vlibnie; frpjn rhis'leoturdstbisv cab ' : had' -been 1 ' f <?1 1 o wed i b y v a- ' ore \y d , w h o .Bhowed/'thhir-' disapproval ''bf ' the'lecturer' by 3'blling and creating a disturbance in the" slrPets.'7':Mf. ;Deylyn;went''iritb?tHe' Gbropera-; tive Stores to change some monoy,arid on leaviug'vthe place lie- was knocked do wri. -by " one , '.of a gang of' men, whilst " the' others kicked him violently; and oue-qfj tlieip -jumped- "on liiin." A hyata'ndbr ' wentfb1 Mr. Devlyn's- assistance, and succeeded in dragging liiin into Messrs. Scales and Salter's boot shop ; but these, premises were broken into, and the at- tacking party recommenced their assault Mr. Devlyn shouted for the police, and, a joiner employed by Mr. Councillor Ormandy seized the ringleader of the gang. The rest of the ruffians ran away. Mr. Devlyn was taken home in a cab, and afterwards to the hospital, where it was found that he had received in juries of a serious nature. In fact, it is re ported that there is very little likelihood of his recovery. The police apprehended six of the alleged perpetrators of the outrage, and are likely to make further apprehensions." — Rome's usual arguments — ruffianism and murder. When shall these brutalities be made to cease ? When Protestants act true to their God and true to their principles. — Ed. P. S. — Liverpool Protestant Standard. : THE MODEL WILD BEAST.— There -is - no . nonsense about the tiger, as there is about the lion. He does not go im posing on poets. Wolves may, if they like, i.pretend they are only dogs gone wrong from want of a better bringing up, and the lion swagger 'as if lie were something riiore than a very, large cat ; but the tiger never deseneds tojsuchr prevarication, setting himself up for, hotter, than he is, or claiming : respect: for qualities which he knowB .he does not , possess. : There is no "ambiguity about anything he . dqes. m : All His character is;on'the surface. " I 'am/' lio'says, " a thoroughly downright wild - beqst, and ;if, you' don?t-, like me you i must lump me ; but ,in.,tlie meanwhile you. had better get out/of the way." There is no pompous affectation of superior " intelligence" ' about_tigers,. If. they are met with in jungles,- they do not make-believe for the purpose of (impressing the traveller with their uncoin- mpn magnanimity, or waste time like the lion ini superfluous roarings, shaking of heads, or. ;"lookirig:.kingly."; On the contrary;- jtbey' "hohave honestly arid candidly, like the Vild, beasts 'they Are.' - They either' retire- precipi- \- tatoly with every, confession i of 1 alarm, or in ..their own fine outspoken -way, /."go for the .etranger.,",. -Nor .- when ;they; make off ; do theyr ;,do it as if thoy liked it, or had any half mind . about it— as the lion, that Livingstone tells us M!Ji R.j thinks itself, out of,; B'gsn'dthen bbunds'qffi like, a greylio'und i— .wasting ' time in' presenting attitudes.qr' in. trying to save appearances- They" have no idea of showing off; : -If 'they mean to go, tlieyogo .-lilce lightning, and'don't'for-av'fno-5 j.ment)think:6f the-fi'gure-they may be"cuttihg.'-' , But, if, .on -the-'other hari3,(>they: meari :fight-; ing,i theygive the, stranger veryulittle> leisure I for misunder8tandirig theicaintentioria.T'- The i /tiger, therefore, deserves . toiBbemheldiiin; x respect, ;as:a modolnvild beast;<fof be-'knows'I his station, iand 'keeps itpdoing'tliel , work! that Nature, has igiveri hitri-:: topdoMvith nall-l-'his: , flight; iLifo has -only one end. for. 'him, i the: (.enjoyment/ of ; it,' -arid to this Jib' gives : the- -whofecofaiis magnificent energies..--. /Endowed-: .(.withi'supperb capabilities' for taking livesiand.i pi-eservingihis own; lie'.exereisesAthemitolthel 'utmost' f in, 'ithisl oria- ldirectiori; withpubb-evef.: ifovgettirig i-for ! an 'iinstant'ithatVlveois onlysa> huge cat, or flying in the face of Providence by wishing- /.to: "(bo .''thought, 'anythirigl, else.— EelgraviaYMagazine; ': \'\ t 'NEWSPAPER CIRCULATION: : TNl JFKANCE.— Ip.France,r.and_pnrticularlyn jn_ ('Paris, scarcely a week' passes that does noT '- witness the birth, and) often the death, ofjone 'br more nWBgaperS'jrThe statistics&sltq; the number arid,;circulatiqri" of 'thb' French' jour- imals! a're:therefofo cbn'staritly vriryihg:' Never- .tlieless it is possible to- give approximately correct Rgures, that,, will r seryelto.;8hq\v,tthe "developinehf of tlio newspaper press iri 'this great/bountry with-its thirty-riine-millionslbf ' inhabitants. In the. autumn ,of.l882tthe num ber of poriodiqarpuhlicatibris of "all 'descrip tions in 'Franco', amourited in found riumbers' to 3000/ out of which' nutriber, Paris ' claimed -1290; arid tlio provinces 1710. In "Paris tlierb arepublished'abbut 120 periodical publications, daily or weekly newspapers or reviews treating of politicsqndso.cialeconoiny.jrintho provinces:- tlie number of similar, publications, , amounts to about 800— that is to say, in all, f 920. The pblitical-journal-that-hns-tlie largest' ciroul a-- tipn is a»one,-squ'A3purnal;.£e,?Peto7fo«'nioZ, which. pririta.;IWeh-62i);b.9P,>ah"d' 65.0,000 copiesi- Th'b ' political- journal -that hnb 'the' smaliest circuliitiqn is; Le'Vigilarit, a Repub- licatf journal 'publjshed at® Sedan, ' 'which' pub- lishesdess than-a'-hundredebpies' a dayi: 'At- the present moment' riearlyi seventy daily political jpiarads;appblfft;..Ra/90jpp..4$- teen of whiclfarbsmall five-'centiriib jqiirhaisof the typbof the Petit Journal', the rest are'fbur-'f. .page'paperB- liko the Figaro, varying1 in pride 'from five to fifteen centimes, tthe'usbal price being fifteen centimes., -No eight-page journal ha8;eyer.succeeded;in(France.-fTheIastatteinpt- to found one was 'irihile in.l-879/in- Le Globe, which..erideavoured to 'he a'fegular-newapaper' full of news andf reading matter of a seiious description. \iVLe Globe proved ah utterfailure', and at the end of a year-it- was transformed into a four/page ;; journal ;.of the approved type. sThb aYeragb daily circulation - of all the daily paper8';publislied in>Pari8)is a little under;; two f millions, of-, oopiesOirnhill . Mac/azinel > v';;; > ; i 1 l:a- UNDESIRABLE .IiM MIGRANTS.— Arch bishop Lyiicii' is cferiiibd/witli' having -said that pauper girls frbiii -t I m-'Tfish' 'workhouses ..are a very undesirable .class of immigrants, i oith er from , a . ; i n oral ; or in d ust ri ul ' ' p oi n't - ' of 5 view. ' in so Kaj-ing His Gracq hns/mo'doubt' unwittingly, struck a blow at thb teachings of his church; It is well known -that nearly 'all'the-inmates of the Irish poorhouses are-, of! the Romish persuasion; and many will, wonder! \- \yhy>tho Churcli of . Rome,- which arrogates to itself- such 'complete- control' over the faith .and..morns.of;its pqq|jl.e,.do.cs-not look a little _ . more closely nfier-tlie ihorals.bf.tliese .paupersV In the face of Dr. Lyrich's testimony, these critics will accuse the Irish priests of not doing their duty towards the poor of their floqks; We will /go, further, Koweyef, ' and;, acouse the system, of which His Grace is the representative, of being indirectly responsible !; for thoBo peoplo being in the poorhouse at all. It is all very well for the Romish and National press to cry aloud that the landlords are responsible for the poverty of Ireland. In the North -there are landlords, as well as - - in tho South. and West ; the rents are higher; the soil is poorer, yet it is comparatively free - from paupers. - Why is this ? There can be only one answer to such a question. The' . North is Protestant ; tho South and West 'are / Roman Catholic. This solution clearly estab-. ' lishos cause and effect, as between Romanism . and poverty.— (jtmctda Sentmel. BIGOTRY IN CONNECTICUT.— To what : extent- latent bigotry can be : aroused. ;by, the .: nction of a. fanatic is cloarly Bliown, by: the; illfooling created at Lakefield, in: the''Stato: . / of Connecticut, through the priest in - that - : place persisting in placing a large crucifix iti a most prominent place in the grounds >o£ his church. At this a number: of Protestants took umbrage, and demanded the removal of . 7 the, crucifix; The priest refused Ito -comply, with the demand; whereupon the! i Roman Catholics pledged themselves - not -' to -deal - ; ' with tlie::: Protestants 'who had? made' '.the' ' ''' request! 'and -bow the , ' Pretes't'ahtsHiiiVe' " retaliatbd; ;,by/(;refuairig to; ; emppy/;l Ro/iiah'' p Catholic ?serjvant8.'., So, , the ' .matter.' stkn'ds,;, ' f hut ; if j bbth „ sides cbhtjhueto 'mutual fecrimiiiatiqhsj'ian ppenrnpture.,;nay / result, ana pbisibljblqqdr mayib.e .shed. . We, : , -inyariablyiadvocatoicivil-andi religious liberty: to all, regardless/of j'creed or-, colour, i-nnd-dn; i this instance. the' (right --of I the Roman . Catho lics. -to'1 erect -thoUcrossv Within'1' their' church grpunds cannot, we think, be questioned ; but ' '! we doubt . very mucb if?th"e mptiYo.j yyhicli .actuated 'thb/' priest. ' was' 'as - much - zeal''%r . religibn; ab h. de?sir.e-tq qftripy/an'd/iricerisb "the f' ant8"'p!Cthp' "towiu wh6rrveiy? 'fQ'blishly pi ayed'jiritor bis' hands// ; Somej'qf ..orir/'Romish/ : : contemporafies /dqnouricb | thePrpjmtantSi.qf, / Lakefield/fprhayihg'/t umbrage.; at/ the. , ' " sypabgl-'pf ; -Qhitiahity,'';) .Tlxjexoijaist/ .- very, ,wejJ),hG>y;eyerj!/thatj, ,hqt- .objected- -to,: asj.,;the,;syuiboI : o f , ; tl i.e'-r G h r i ati an j , ; i .rpligion,/ but .as' that ,!ofn Rqmabism.'. ( They ; 'appear to' forget1 Itliat lall - -tlio -oppreBsionbiof: - the Roman Church'' were committediuriderits !i shadqw; The 'massacres c.'of ;'St.BaHhdlomew ' -'4were/pwpetr&t;'by'tUuthbntiifjilB,:iheit':':;''i powprf ul / ihsignia '/Thb/ (Albigbnses'wer'e/slaughtbfbd'.by/iu.ehifighting \- under its banner ; those '-who'- presided'' at' the' ' '. tortures, of, the. Inquisition-had- crosses.in. pros.-. fusion hung from tlioir girdles ; and the iPuritan fathers, of wliom these Lakeficld -Protestants are, no doubt, descendants, were driven from their homes before the cross. . 'For centuries, throughout Christendom, blood- 'sh'ed and tyranny followed in its wake. If, .thereforo, Protestants occasionally object to. its too public parade, it cannot be wondered at; _ But their objection does not arise to tho -Christian emblem, but on account of the un christian use which has beeriT'inade of it by an institution which would destroy them, had it .-the power, and which they naturally dread ; arid»abhor.« sThe xEvening Canadian t is par-- y ticulaHy- ieyere uponlthet recordloT/tfie New -i ! "England Protestants. We are free to admit that the Puritan fathers sometimes erred upon) the side, of fanaticism ; but/they lived in an- ngepof/'fariatics.''' IPefsecutidritdrove Si tliem from their homes, and if, when they found themselves all powerful upon the shores of Now Eng'a.bd| they retaliated, did they do :mbretthanntaker s a - leaf; .from: ; the : bloody; ; / ibook of the institution that, for faith's Bake, had forced them into oxile from the father-' land ? — Toronto Sentinel. \- : ;4 i : r , 