CHILDREN’S COLUMN. SIR GILBERT’S CHILDREN. BY THE LATE MRS. HARRIET MILLER DAVIDSON CHAPTER II. Marjie ran lightly down the wide staircase, skilfully balancing a cup of tea in one hand, and singing an old Jacobite song at the top of her clear voice. She did not notice that a fat little figure, with long yellow curls which shone in the light of the hall lamp, stole slyly after her, and that when, after knocking at the door of her mother’s dressing-room, she entered, Gill too crept in, and ensconced himself under a table. On the sofa lay Lady Munro in her dressing gown, sleeping peacefully, and all unconscious of the near approach of 6 o’clock, and of the fact that she had to dress and drive three miles into Edina to a dinner party before half-past seven. Marjie woke her mother with a kiss, and she started up with a frightened demand to know what o’clock it was. “ Not six yet, mother dear,” answered Marjie, laughing. “ You have plenty of time, and I am going to make you so pretty that papa will not have the least heart to scold you, even if you should make him wait for ten minutes.” So saying she proceeded to light the candles on the mantelshelf and on the dressing table, and by their light she caught sight of a gleam of golden curls under a side- table and a pair of bright-blue eyes peeping slyly out. “ How did he get here ?” she whispered to her mother. “ I left him in the nursery ; you know he never can resist coming to see you dressed.” “ Leave him alone, poor little fellow,” whispered his mother, with a feeling of tenderness for her “ baby.” “ We can pretend not to know that he is there, it is so funny to see see him creep up a little nearer and nearer, till at last I feel him touching my hand.” Lady Munro was one of those women about whose beauty there was no possible doubt. She never had to look in the glass, as less fortunate people sometimes do, and wonder whether she was really pretty, or whether her ever thinking so had only been a delu- sion. On the contrary, the reflection of that lovely face never met her gaze without calling to her lips a smile of genuine, childlike, inno- cent pleasure at the mere sight of anything so beautiful. Hers had been a very happy life, though she had not escaped, of course, the trials and anxieties common to all humanity. But she always had that greatest of all consolations to a woman, the conscious- nets of being well beloved. Her husband adored, her children worshipped her. She was not so clever as her husband or children, but she had one of those sweet, sunny tempers that are a delight to live with ; and then they all delighted in her beauty as in something perfect and exquisite which had been given to them for their enjoyment. She seated herself before the tall mirror, and Marjie loosened the great coils of yellow hair and let them glide through her fingers with the greatest enjoyment. Her own face looked very small and dark and pale beside the roses and lilies of her mother’s com- plexion, but no thought of envy or discontent entered the girl’s heart. “Was your father upstairs with you to- night ?” asked Lady Munro, as Marjie’s in- dustrious fingers plaited the long shining strands of hair. “ Yes, mother ; and he was telling us,” she went on, stopping to imprint a kiss on the back of the white neck, “ how good and patient you had been with him all the time you were both young and poor.” “ I do not not know that he needed patience so much,” said Lady Munro, dreamily gazing into the glass. “ He was always so good to me and so fond of me ; and I always believed in him. I was never very clever,” she said modestly, “ but I was always quite clever enough to know that Gilbert was the greatest man I had ever met.” “ But, mother, dear, to have faith in any one is to help him more than you could do in any other possible way.” “ Yes, I had faith in him. Even when we two came alone to Edina, and we lived to- gether in a tiny attic, and he wrote all day and half the night, I knew that some day, before very long, people would know what a grand mind he had.” “ And you are rewarded, mother.” “ I am rewarded,” she answered, smiling, as she glanced round the charming little dressing-room. “ But, Marjie,” she went on more seriously, “ do not think that his suc- cess was everything to me. It has been a great deal, but not everything. If he had failed—as some really great men do fail—if we had been poor and struggling till we died —I would have loved and believed in him still.” “ I wonder,” said Marjie, thoughtfully, as she fastened the last plait into a shining coronal on her mother’s head, “ if really great men ever do fail. The greatest, you now. Do you not think that failure implies some flaw, some want ?” What Lady Munro would have answered to this rather abstruse question I do not know, for at this moment she felt the pressure of a small head against her knee, and looking down had a vision of Gill’s yellow curls, just a shade lighter than her own, and of his big blue eyes gazing adoringly up into her face. “ Oh, Gill, Gill !” she said, while Marjie and she laughed heartily, “ what a coaxing little fellow you are. You know quite well that we have not the heart to turn you out after you have once got in. Now, what do you want ? ” “ Just to look at oo !” said Gill, boldly, and Lady Munro laughed and blushed as if some one besides her youngest born had been complimenting her. Presently Marjie fetched a dress of the softest violet velvet from the wardrobe, finished at the throat and wrists with old, creamy lace. Then she clasped a collar of gold, set with rare stones, round her mother’s neck—stones which had been sent for to Brazil, and sought with care and pains by an old friend of Sir Gilbert’s. Lady Munro’s name was Hyacinth, and those little-known stones, bright as diamonds, but of the rarest, loveliest colour, were called “ Hyacinths.” Just as the toilet was completed, and Marjie stepped back to contemplate her work with much satisfaction, Sir Gilbert’s head was put in at the door, and his voice was heard say ing, “ Ten minutes to 7, and the carriage waits.” “ She is quite ready,” said Marjie, trium- phantly, and her father came in, looking for the warmest shawls he could find. “ It is going to be such a wild night,” he said, “ that if it were not for disappointing our friends I should say that the wisest thing we could do would be to stop at home. Wrap up warmly, wife ; you have no idea how the wind is blowing.” “ Pretty, pretty mother,” said Gill, who was still seated on the floor, in an audible soliloquy. Sir Gilbert caught him up and kissed him, laughing quietly to himself. “ This is the most sensible child in existence,” he said. “ He has a vast fund of undeveloped genius in his fat little person.” Dick and Molly were in the hall when the others descended, and as Dick opened the door a great gust of wind and rain swept in which made Lady Munro shiver. “ Good night, dears,” she said as she went out. “ I quite envy you for going back to your warm nursery.” But no such tame conclusion to the evening was contemplated by Master Dick, for after they had watched the carriage drive away he boldly announced, “ I am going to my cave to roast potatoes for supper. Who is coming along ?” “ Oh, Dick,” remonstrated Marjie, who was supposed to be left in charge on those occa- sions, “ it is too wild and too wet.” “ Not a bit !” said Dick, sturdily. “ Why, when I’ve lighted the fire in the cave it is as warm — as warm as anything. You wait here for half an hour, and then come ; I’ll be ready for you.” And he plunged out, hatless as he was, into the rain and wind and darkness. Marjie and Molly looked at one another, shivering, but as Dick ruled them both with a rod of iron they did not think of disputing his commands, but commenced a search for plaids and rags. Dick's “ cave” was simply a large hole dug out in the earth, after the fashion of certain savage tribes of whom he had been reading. It was one of Dick’s peculiarities that what interested him in his reading always re- appeared, with necessary modifications, in his daily life. After perusing a book on Mexico, where in certain swampy regions houses are erected on piles to be out of the reach of reptiles, he had built a house in the spreading branches of a large tree, and had been the cause of many disasters to Molly’s skirts, obtained in her efforts to climb into it. And now the idea of subterraneous dwellings had been suggested to him by another book, and the “ cave” was the result. Marjie had, indeed, as nearly offended him as it was possible to do, by exclaiming on her first view of it, “ Oh, Dick, it is exactly like a grave !” — which, indeed, it was. Into this cave the girls rushed through wind and rain, and arrived breathless and panting, to find Dick seated comfortably before a large fire, which roared up the earthen chimney and cast a red glow from the top over the woody hollow in the garden where it was, and the trees that rattled their wet branches over head. He was roosting SotatoeB, and was too much absorbed to o more than say quietly, “ What muffs you are !” as the girls unrolled themselves from their wet plaids. But he had put Marjie’s stool in the warmest corner, and presently, when little Gill’s face appeared at the opening, though he was chidden for not going to bed, he crept in all the same, and nestled down on Marjie’s knee, with his golden curls on her shoulder and his great lovely eyes staring contentedly into the fire. “ Now let us tell ghost stories,” said Dick, as he turned the potatoes. “ Go on, Marjie. You always know lots. Something nice and creepy. Something that will make our blood curdle.” “ I'm afraid, I don't know any more,” said Marjie doubtfully, modest, as true genius always is, about her own powers. “ I have told you so many.” “ Nonsense,” answered Dick promptly. ” Make one, if you don’t remember any.” “ Not too horrible,” pleaded Molly, shiver- ing. “ The wind howls so, and last time Gill was so frightened, Nursie said she could not go to sleep all night for his moaning and starting so.” “ I likes being frightened,” remarked Gill, philosophically, turning his eyes for a moment from the fire to Marjie’s face. Marjie bent down her head and hid her eyes for two or three minutes on Gill’s curls. Then she looked up, smiling. “ I remember something grannie told me once. It isn’t very horrible, and it doesn’t end very satis- factorily, but it is true.” “ Once, when grannie was a young girl, she was invited to spend a few days with some relations in the country. She described the house very vividly to me—you remember how well grannie used to describe things Dick ?” Dick nodded gravely. Two years ago grannie had died, and the children had loved her. “ It was a country house, standing in the middle of fields in a very lonely place. There were woods and hills about it, but it struck grannie as dreary and dismal, and she began to wish almost from the moment of her arrival that her visit was over. Part of the house was really an old border tower, with the more modern building attached to it ; the upper part of this house was rather ruinous, but the lower part of it was habit- able. Imagine grannie’s dismay, when she found that her bedroom was on one of the lower stories of the old tower, quite away from the rest of the family.” “How jolly !” said Dick. Perhaps you would have thought it jolly. She didn’t. Her relations, they were an uncle and aunt I think, were very quiet, reli- gious sort of people. They went out very little, and such a thing as a playing card had never been seen in the house. They thought all such amusements as cards and dancing dreadful. Well, grannie spent a very quiet evening ; they had family prayers, and then she was shown to her room. Hers, as she described it, was an inner room ; you had to pass through a large chamber to get to it. She noticed by the light of the candle which the servant carried that in this outer room there was some curious old furniture, and that two or three small tables were pushed against the wall. Presently the servant bade her good night, and left her. Her bedroom was quite comfortable, though everything in it was old- fashioned, and when she had shut the door and began to undress the nervous feeling she had been sensible of, went off. She got into bed, put the light out, and, being tired after her journey, she fell fast asleep. By and by she woke up, quite suddenly, broad awake, as she does sometimes, you know.” “I know,” said Dick, who was becoming interested. “Go on.” “ As she lay, quite wide awake and listening, she heard a curious sound. At first she did not quite recognise it, but presently she knew well enough what it was. It was the sound made by a party of people playing cards. It was perfectly distinct, and proceeded from the outer chamber. She could hear the cards being dealt and shuffled, and then the regular drop, drop, on the table, till the hand was played out. Then the shuffling and dealing over again. She was not frightened at first; she lay and speculated about what it could mean. She pictured her serious-minded uncle and aunt repairing to this old room at midnight to have a surreptitious f|ame of cards, which it was against their principles to enjoy during the day, and she smiled to herself at the absurdity of the thought. Finally she got out of bed and went silently across the room with her bare feet, and open ing the door softly she looked out. Dark ness there, and nothing more.” “ Oh, I say !” exclaimed Dick, whose eyes were very wide open. “ Anything more ?” asked Molly, rather faintly. “ Well, the noise stopped — stopped all in an instant, just as if the ghostly players had been startled at their game, ana were waiting till she went to begin again. She did feel frightened then, and crept back shivering to bed. Then it went on, and she lay and listened—cutting, dealing, playing, over and over again, till at last she fell asleep, and when she woke it was morning. During the day she forgot about it a little, but when night came she felt nervous about going to her room, though she was ashamed to ask to be put to sleep somewhere else. It was the same thing all over again ! She fell asleep, and woke up in the same sudden way, and there was that dreadful ghostly game of cards going on just in the same way. Only this night she did not rise and look out. In the morning she looked so pale and ill that they asked her what the matter was. She only said that she felt ill, and begged to be sent home.” “ And did they send her ?” asked Molly. “ They sent her.” “ And did she never find out what it meant ?” asked Dick, who had an undefined feeling of having been defrauded of a couple of murders at least. “No, never. I told you the story did not end satisfactorily. If it was a ghost, it was only the ghost of a game.” “ I think it was quite creepy enough,” said Molly, shivering again. “ It was most likely rats,” said Dick, re- flectively. “ Oh, it might have been twenty things,” answered Marjie, lightly. “ Ivy, perhaps, tapping against a pane. The curious thing was the regularity of it, and her seeming to recognise the sound at once.” “ The potatoes are ready,” announced Dick at this juncture. Now, potatoes, to be fully enjoyed, must be eaten under just such circumstances. The night should be wet and windy, the cave or hut, or other abnormal dwelling, should be warm and snug ; the fire should be a red and glowing bed of ashes ; above all, the eaters should be young, and possessed of healthy appetites. The children were in the full enjoyment of their feast when a head was thrust in at the door, enveloped in a shawl, under which the borders of a white cap were visible. A solemn voice gave utterance to these words— “ Weel—I never did !” “ Shut up, Nancy,” Dick said, coolly. “ An’ there’s Maister Gill should be in his bed this hoor, an’ me hunting everywhere for him high and low, I would hae thocht ye wad hae had mair sense, Miss Marjie, than to bring the bairn oot on siccan a nicht, an’ the wind risin’ every minute.” “ He is quite comfortable, I think, Nursie,” answered Marjie, with a smile, looking down at the rosy face pillowed on her shoulder. “ Come in and have a potato, Nancy,” said Dick. And Nancy, who it was well known could never refuse Dick anything, suffered herself to be beguiled into the cave, accepted a stool and a potato graciously. “ Siccan a night,” she repeated, as a wilder blast shook the trees overhead. “ Oh, to think of the puir folks at sea.” “ You have a brother a sailor, have you not ?” said Dick, artfully, well knowing what was likely to follow. They all gathered nearer to the fire, while Nancy told one sea story after another in her racy Scotch, until at last little Gill was dis- covered to be sound asleep on Marjie’s knee, and had to be warmly wrapped in plaids and carried back to the house, where the others soon followed, struggling through rain and wind, which, as Nancy had said, was rising every minute. “ We have had a nice evening,” said Maejie, reflectively, when the girls got to their own room. “ Quite as nice as papa and mother, I daresay.” “ A thousand times nicer !” said Molly, who despised dinner parties with the strength of mind natural to eleven years old. 