LYKGAICO COURT. CHAPTER I. CONTJNUKn. On this particular evening Lady Lyngard, widow of the former nnd aunt of the present teas'-r of the Court, was dispensing after noon ten in her boudoir, which was lighted up by the ruddy names of the fire that re flected itself in the polished steel bars of the grate, and threw glancing shadows on the patrician-looking lady in her govyn of dark gr.'en plush, opposite whom was sitting a petite, fair-haired girl, with soft blue ejes and a wild rose complexion, who had ap parently come to call ; for although sho had thrown off her fur-lined cloak and hung it over the back of her chair, sho still wore a little velvet cap set jauntily on her pale gold curls, and her gaun'tleted gloves lay beside. her on the table. The room was a very pretty one—'.lie walls painted in panels, in the centre of which were either mirrors or pictures ;< the curtains and upholstery of pale^ blue and silver brocade; on the many little tables and brackets were scattered costly kntck knacks, books, fancy work, and vases of flowers; and dainty nnd artistic as was the apartment it was yet thoroughly homelike.^ ' I was hoping I should have seen this now companion of youis, Lady Lyngard, said Avice Foley, glancing at the clock; • but it's getting late, and 1 must not be long before I start, because I am driving a horse whose temper is not of the best. I am very curious to know what Miss Leigh ib like. • Not more than I am, niy dear,' responded Lady Lyngavel, laughing ; ' for ever since I knew she was coming I've been picturing her to myself, though no doubt she will be totally different to what I imagine, as people generally are. I am rather doubtful ■ ; about the success' of, my experiment—there . are so'few people one can live with.! i -s' Howdid- you hear of her,?' > - '(Through Lady'Chetwynd, whose daugh ter was at school with her abroad:,ylt. seems cshe is an orphan,1 ancl has few friends; nnd' no relatives !' • .......... , -' Poor girl ! How sad such a fate must be ?' murmured Avice, sympathetically. ' Do (Vbu; know,'—-clasping her hands over'her J knees, and looking meditatively ,into the fire-' I don't believe T could hve without v Lady Lyngard smiled. She had no difii ,'culty • in understanding the feeling • on the ■part of such a petted child of fortune as this -—one in whose bod of rose-leaves tliere did ■ not seem to be a single crumpled petal. ' ' By-the-bye,' the young givl continued, presently. (Do you know when Sir Fiers • ^likely to return ?' . ; ^ ! r' 'Her hostess shook her head. _ v.r «it is very uncertain, as are-all'his move ments. At present he is travelling about "from place to tplace,' and there is 110 saying '"when his erratic fancy may bring him back again. ■ How 'It wish he would marry, and settle^down 1* j ;•* . .• ■ . 1 Avice changed tlx© subject .rather conr ^'/oVyou know-.the-AWilderness' is let at last?' she said;-taking up her gloves, and beginningjito draw one slowly on as a pre paration for departure. ' No'l1 Who has taken it ?' \ A. doctor, I believe ;, but no one seems to '' Ykiibw"much about him beyond the fact of ' 'his' name being Lascelles, and that he^ is " Unmarried. Ho has got a lease, I fancy. 'Poor deluded man, he'll soon grow tired > 'of-itl' said Lady Lyngard, shrugging her ^shoulders. 'The mere look of it outside is enough to give .one the horrors; and Ira • ■ 'sure I'should never have courage to face the interior, .for fear of having half-a-dozen ■ ■ ghosts about me. They say a murder war, ' committed there years ago, and that s the reason it has'been so ltfng untenanted ; but , , I, suppose this man has either not heard the rumour, or is 'too strongminded to put any faith in it. Happy personage, not to: be cursed with an imagination 1' . .. 4'.ir. ' I don't call imagination a cursqs. j Life would indeed be dreary if one never; let one's fancy carry one away into the regions i of romance,' said Avice. Then she listened \- a moment in a attitude of attention', and started up, raising her forefinger. 'I'm : sure'I heard the sound of carriage; wheels; . it must be Miss Leigh 1' .• She went to the window, and peered cautiously- out from behind the curtains ; • but it was too dusk, to see anything more : than the outline of a dark figure descending from the brougham, and not being able to form any very definite opinion from such vague premises, the young girl came back to her seat again. •Had we not better have the lamp ! lighted?' said her hostess ; but Avice nega ■ tived the proposal very decidedly. .'Most likely she will be nervous, poor ' thing; and a subdued light like this is much ■;■ better calculated to set her at her ease than a 'bright one,' she said, and had hardly uttered the. words before the door was thrown open, and a footman announced,— ' 'Miss Leigh 1' -. There entered a tall, slim figure, muffled vi up in a long cloak that fell from throat to ■ feet, and had evidently been selected more ,with a.view to use than ornament; but even ih' the dim light, even with all that shroud > ing drapery, the perfect grace of the form, -its simple.and unconscious dignity, were as \- serted as completely as if it had been an effort she bad striven to attain, instead of the last that had entered her calculations. She paused on the threshold, not timidly, .. ,but as if she hardly knew what was expected '"'ofher. , 'Welcome to Lyngard Court r said its ' > mistress, advancing with outstretched hand, am afraid you will find it rather strange at first, my dear, but when the novelty has worn off, I hope you will grow accustomed to your surrour,dings, and make yourself very happy hero.' \- '' 'Thank you 1' she returned, and there 'V was a strange little break in her voice that in another woman might have turned to ' ' tears, but which she instantly conquered. v Evidently she had not been prepared for so . . kiudly a greeting. _ ... Lady Lyngard introduced her to Avice, <and then sat down again in front of the tray, and gaye her a cup of tea, making a few in ' quiries as to her journey, which the new comer answered rather briefly; and presently a maid came to conduct her to her room, '."and help her to unpack. As soon as she had gone, Avice rose. . ... • Is sho notcharming ?' sho exclaimed, en thusiastically. 'If I were a man I should ' ■' /all in love with her at once, and being a woman I am more attracted than I ever was in my life before. She is quite different to anyone I have ever set n !' ' She is quieter than girls of her age usually are,' rejoined Lady Lyngard, who bed been somewhat starlled at the beauty for which she had so little expir ed. ' Yes, and she looks as if she had a secret, or had seen some great trouble.' Avice had rather a triclc of jumping at conclusions, and it was not often her instinct deceived her. ' I am sure we shall be great friends,' Lady Lyngard smiled. ' What will your mother say to the idea of a patrician young heiress' like yourself making a friend of my companion ?' ' Nothing that would influence me, or make me a convert to I he hateful doctrine of valuing people according to their position,' said Avice, who was a red-hot young re publican. 'But I must really, (jo,' she added, kissing Lady Lyngard, and wishing her good-bye, with the promise of coming again soon. Outside, it had grown quite dark ; ayoung moon—nothing but a slender curved thread —raised its feeble crescent above the tree tops; but there was not a single star visible in all the wide sky canopy. ' ;; '"It's lucky I know iny way so well,' Avice said to herself, as the groom assisted her to get in tho ' stanhope' waiting for her, and then tendered tlie reins; for Miss'Foley invariably drove herself, and rather prided herself on her accomplishment. r\ ' She touched 'Mazeppa' pretty smartly1 with her whip as soon as they had passed the lodge gates, and he responded to the invitation by setting off at a quick trot, that lasted until they turned a sharp corner, beyond which was standing a tricycle, whose red lamps c two long slants of light athwart, the gloom. At the sight of them the horse gave a sudden swerve, which jerked the reins out of his driver's, hands/ ; then he started off at a mad gallop along the dark road, apparently so frightened that, even if Avice had still held tho reins,,she would;.not;have retained the least control over tho excited animal. ;/ She was not a. timid girl, and had, more over, been accustomed to horses all her life;;; but, it must be confessed,-her sensa tions at the present moment were far from enviable, for she knew that no assistance was likely to be at hand, and, therefore, Mazeppa was not likely to be stopped until some obstacle in the road brought him to a standstill. It was not a pleasant position—it might have been described as an extremely perilous one—and the girl's heart for a , moment stopped beating and her cheeks grew white with terror of the thought of what the end might prove. Would it bo death ?' Must she, in whose veins the young blood coursed with such swift vitality, be brought face to face; with that grim phantom, which had been to her only a distant shade hidden in the mists o/ the far-off years ? A shudder ran through all her limbs, and involuntarily she covered her face with her hands. Directly afterwards the horse was' pulled up with a sudden jerk ; there was a violent oscillation of the carriage, and then she felt herself thrown forward on the strip of grass that bordered the road, where she lay stretched out at full length, and con scious of a sharp pain at the back of the neck. ■' ' f : : |Are you hurt?' said a voice,.presently,*! and, looking up, she saw the anxious face of a man bending over her, and holding in his hand a lantern, whose ^upward radiance glanced on his features, which 'were rather delicate .than handsome, but evidently:those of a gentleman. i 'I don't know,' she answered, confusedly! and try to rise—a matter of some .difficulty, for she was yet dazed and' giddy from her fall. ■ . TO. BE CONTINUED. ; i ou 