VICTORIAN AMATEUR TURF CLUB. (from our melbourne correspondent.) oacuruay ovoning. A raco meeting was held this afternoon ou tlio Caulfield Course. Tlio woathor was all that could bo desired, and a nico prograinmo was put for ward, but tlio attendance was only modorato. The following are the dotails of tlio racing : — hurdle hack, ot 75 sovs., added to a sweop- stakos of 2 sovs. oacli, Ono milo and thrco quarters. Mr T. Jones' Mcrri, lOst. ... (King) 1 Mr P. Kelly's Concord, 9st 81b (Reedy) 2 Mr A. Taylor's Musidora, lOst (M'Gowan) 3 Tantaliser was tlio first away, but Morri soon daBliod to tlio front, and roundoff tho turn, fol lowed by Discount, Musidora, Tantaliser, and Footman. Tho favourite had a load of twonty longtlis passing tho stand, and although it was decreased at the back it was cvidontly only on sufferance. At tlio homo turn Discount dropped back, and Midnight \vout up third. Entering tho straight, Concord pushed through and got sccdii'd placo, tho favourite winning oasily by half a dozen lengths. Midnight was fourth, Footman fifth, Discount sixth, Tantalisor ouvuiiLii, auu x>iaz.uawiiy Mat. LiuiO OTUlll. O/j see. Tiie Victoria Gold Cup. — Valvo 100 sovs. (a handicap stocx>lcchaso), added to a swoop- Btakcs of 5 sovs. each. Two inilcs. Mr A. Harper's Staihpedo ... (Malond) 1 Mr G. Glasscock's Ficklo ... (M'Leod) 2 Mr J. Joites' Australian Court (Butlor) 3 A good start was effected. Zanco ran off, and Fame soon stopped, but they wero got on their way. At tlio sido the positions wero Pride, Stam pede, and Fickle. Prido led into tho straight, then camo Starlight, Ficklo, Yangn, Hands Down, Katunga, Banyonong, Fame, ' Holpmato, andDoris. Fickle was at the head of affairs on the hill whon Doris camo down. Stampodo thon wont up and led along tlio back, followod by Bnr.- yenong, Fickle, Starlight, Famo Australian Court, And Katunga. At the sod wall Stampede was still leading, followed by Prido and Famo. Fickle how went up to Stampede, and tho pair led to tlio straight. Ficklo seemed to havo tho best of it, but Stampede came very gamely, and won by a nook aftor an exciting strugglo. Aus tralian Court, who made a good run, was third. Famo aud Doceivcr wero closo up fourth. Timo — 3min. 31scc. Open Steeplechase. — A handicap of 100 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs each. Two miles. Mr G. Glasscock's Fickle 12st 51b 1 The only other starters wore Black Jacket and Gildoroy. The race :s easily described. Gil- deruy was tho first away, followed by Ficklo and Black Jacket refused, and Gilderoy baulked at two jumps further 011. Fickle then had it all liis own way, and finished as he liked. Time — 5min Gsecs. Ladies' Trophy. — A handicap for 2 year old and upwards. All horsos to bo nominated by ladies. The nominator of tho winning horse to recoive a trophy value lOOsovs. Tlio nomi nator of tho second and third horses to receive trophies of the value of 59 sovs and 25 sovs respectively. - Six furlongs. Miss Reid's The Ghost 1 Mrs W. Pearson's Primus 2 Mrs D. S. Wallace's Duonna 3 From what could bo seen of the stait Primus was tho first Away, but he was soon passed by Brimstono and Berkeley. Countryman looked very prominent at the time, and they all closed then. Oiico into the straight tho Ghost camo away, aiid being full of running won easily by a length and a half. Primus, who camo vory fast at the finish, gained second honour by a head from Duenna, then came Middloman and Staf ford, the rest being in a bunch. Time, 1 min. 21 sec. The Richmond Handicap. — of 50 sovs. Ono milo. Mr J. Patorson's Black Diamond ... ... 1 Hon. W. Pearson's Primus ... . ... 2 Mr S. Gardiner's Lyon's Lady ... ... 3 Tbo lot raced together to tho homo turn, where Black Diamond shot out, aud won oasily by a couple of lengths. Time lmin. 47sec. 