AN OCEAN WAIF. IIY A SEAFARER. " I WAS second mate at the time," began Mr. Humphrey Koband, who related to as the tal lowing story," and our vessel was a bark, named the Eagle. Wcwere bound from New port, in Monmouthshire, to Capo Town, with a cargo ol iron, and then we were to go on to Melbourne, and tbence to Callao. Beside mo, there were Captain Blackett, the master, and Josiah Bitting, the ohiel mate, along with fifteen or sixteen hands forward, including the idlers; and, taking us all round, I don't think that ever a better ship's company sailed out ol an English port. There wasn t a foreigner among us; there was no growling,no loafing; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happiness to watch the execution ol it. Well, we left Newport on « Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under us, made feathery by the whipping of the breezes which blew, sometimes nor' east and sometimes nor' west, comiug now and again a trifle fresh, but never so strong as to cause us onoe to lurl the mainroyal day or nigbt. We saw nothing of the trade wind till we wero in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, after blowing us along for a spell, it failed us ouc morning with slowly falling glass qad a long, ugly grey swell coming out of the sou' west, and a Bort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er with haze that might have paBsed for the drawings from smelters' chimneys. Amid this the sun hung lika a huge jelly-fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with eoarco enough of power in bim to put a streak of light into the brow ol the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with Bummits that seemed to be trying to wash the yellow r.t∈ he made out ol the vault ol the sky. There was a queer smell of decayed marine vegetable mat ter about, which came up in whiSs when the rolling of the bark made white water along side, and, spite of the sky being thin enough to lot the ghost of the sun show through, Hiiro was a look overhead thut made you think tiis*, if it was night, you'd Eee green lightning playing about over the mastheads, like the darting* of the phosphorus from tho ship's side in blaok water when you're in the tropios and the night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of the ocean. "Well, what these plain signs betokened came to pass right enough. The glass wont on dropping, and the swell same along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at throe o'olook that afternoon there was scarce more daylight visible than you'll find in the last lingerings of twilight ashoro. Wc were snugged down to lower top-sails, the yards square, for there was no call to brace them one way or another when for hours there hadn't been a breath of wind, no, sir, not so much as to give a flutter to the vane at the royal masthead, caving what the barque gavu herself by tho sweep of her spars. All bands were on deck, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but incapable of guessing from what quarter it meant to come. It was as muoh as we could do tu see one another's faces. Tho strain on the spars and rigging was something tearful with tho rolling, and in the gloom overhead you oould hear the creaking and complaining, the squealing of sheaves, the groaning of parrals and trusses. At four o'clock, or tbercubouts, the wind swept down upon us in CI body, right in the wake of the swell. It was wind at first, but it bccamo a moving wall in a short time, and beforo the olewliues could be manned the forctopsail blew up and burst into smithereens, just lika one of those olantic air-balls when filled too full. It was n tcrriblo tempest. I, who have seen some fearful weather in my liurn, will take my attUavit that a worse storm of wind never raged than that. It picked the sc.a up and made wheels of tho waves that looked-I don't say they wero-but that looked to bo forty or fifty feet high. The Eagle was full of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, so that the uadec deck forecastle was scarcely to bo oomo at by the men through tho aoutllc. In the troughs, during the weather rollB, tho barque would lay BO far ovar to windward that It was enough to mako the oldost seaman hold lils bronth to look at the curl of tho oncoming sea, and speculate whether .it wai possible that Hbo could hoist bcrsoU out clo&r; of that terrific, white, roaring, Hashing arch bofore it rolled itef enormous volume dear over her. But the Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring bow that foiced the bead surges to throw her up, and a ewell of the Bides that made her cork-like on the lean of a twenty Coot hill ot water. Had Bhe been of the ordinary tank-chape it must have been all (roth to ten feot above the mast-cos.tfl, with tbe watch on deck in tbe weather-rigging, and the roaster and mates keeping a look out in the cabin and conning her by tbe tell tale. " l'or three days we bad terrible weather; then it broke, the wind veered to due east, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze lor twenty-four hour* settled away into the north east and blew along steady and bright again into the trade wind. It was a Wednesday, the morning watch and I had charge of the deok. Daybreak found us under a foretopmaBt Btun* sail, the sky clear, and the cast as green as moonlight with the dawn. The sea was calm, the trade oloudB rolling in puffs of vapor athwart the stars overhead and in the west, and tbe horizon a lino as black oa you could pro duce by the sweep <-f a pair of compasses | dipped in India ink. I stepped over to leeward to have a look at the sea under the foot of the j mainsail, and ju&t; then the arch of the sun , jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing across tho ocoan, the extremity of which sparkled upon an object that appeared 1 white and glistening in the radiance. It bore about tour points on the lee bow. 1 fetched the glass and took a look. Sbo WSB a vessel, of what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently 1 under small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and then had another look. I now ; fancied I could detect signs of confasion aloft, but of this I could not yet be sure, though tbe j small canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering tbe fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I re ported the sail to him* He pointed the tele scope at her and paid: * It Beems a eaBe ot distress. Your eight's better than, mine *, have you made out anything resembling a color?' * No, sir.1 * Well, wo will bear down and see what's tbe matter. Keep her away,1 he called out to the fellow at the wneel; and at the same time I sung out to tbe watch to lay aft and brac$ tbe yards in a trifle. This was done, and the vessel brougbtaboutapoint on our lee bow. It was not long before we wore able to make | | her out very plainly with the glass. It was now l seen that she was a small, full-rigged ship, of : | about eight hundred tons; her three lower top , sails and topmost stay sail had been blown away, I and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwatkB, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower mizzen rig* § Log theEngliab ensign bad been seized, union own, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, 1 making as strong an appeal for assistance as j ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a Bharp lookout for anything that should resem ble a human, being; but there was nothing in I that way to be seen. There ttas a longieh deck house aft, and the remains of another one for | ward. There was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slow slant now and again that hove a apace of her wet Bide into tbe sun and made her flash out like a beaoon. «gho looks to bo abandoned, air,' says I to the captain. 4 Why, yes, that'eherappearanoe, cer tainly/ Bays he. ' But it's aflne morning; no harm can be done byyouretepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.1 So tho bark's maintopsail was laid to the mast, & boat low* ered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over the rail j after me lcaviug one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raillo, ropes, staves, and casks, and the like, the main hatches were off, as if tho crew had been jettisoning her oargo, her port bulwarks forward of tbe main > rigging were smashed flush with the deck*, and altogether sho had the most wrecked and strained appearance that amoBfc ever I saw in a vessel afloat. I put my band to my mouth and sanjj out1 Anybady aboard here T but the only answer that came was tbe sound of the Btreaming of the wind through the ringing, and the bubbling and washing noisa of the water over the side. * No foar as to her not being abandoned, BIT,1 said one of the men. 'An empty coflln could'nt be more destitute of life.' I stepped to the door of tho deck house and looked in. Tbcre was no appearanoe of injury here. A table went down it, with fixed chairs on one side aad a locker on the other, and on the port side was a row of cabins, five or six, 1 think. The door of this deok-house swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, ' I'll just step in and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,1 for I must tell you there was no name on her bow&, and whatever might have been written on her stern was under water; but scarce had I uttered the above observation when a sort of thin, wailing cry came from one of the cabins. ' Uello I' says one of the men,' tbe crew has gono and left poor pussy behind. ' Passy (' Bays 1, who had caught tho cry very dearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing . ' that's no cat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to the cabin, from (whioh the sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw iuat tbe kind of sight my mind eeemed to have been prepared, by tbe cry we had heard, to witnose. The cabin was a bit of box with a Bcuttlo over tbe topmost of a couple of bunks. There were some female garments on the deck, along with an infants feeding bottle, broken, and a few other domestic odds and ends only met with at sea when there are women aboard. As we entered a secondsmall, wailing cry came from the upper bunk, and, looking, we spied ft dead woman in it, with her right arm cast round a baby nine or ten months old. It was impossible to tell that she was dead till we drew close and saw the signs plain. Sbo was a young woman, not more than twenty'Bix or twenty* seven, the hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt Bhe had been pretty enough, but now her face was so strangely white that she might have paBBW for a figure worked in plaster of Paris. Tho baby was too young to sit up; he lay-it was a boy, sir-he lay in his dead mother's arm, giving now aud again tho queer cry we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours. I picked him up out of the bunk, and fuund him wot through, and his flesh like Htone for the cold. His mother's clothes-if tho woman were his mother, whioh I don't doubt-were streaming wot, too, and this made us supposo that she had been driven from the dock by tho washing water, and had entered her oabin and lain down to die there. *. The men fipukc hurriedly about how it came to pass that these two should havo been Ictt alone in tho wreck. Who was she ? I said there was no accounting for what hap pened at sea. She might have been the wife of the master, who was drowned in tho storm, and left no one to look after her; or all hands might have perished in getting the boats over, or the crow might have forgotten her whon they put off; there waH no telling. Thero lay the woman dead, I said; and I gave the baby to one ot tho men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled off my coat to wrap the little ohspup in, for he trcmblod like a shivering bird with the cold, aud kept on wailing, aa if our handl ing him and the sound of our voices had put a bit of Ufa into him. We looked hurriedly into tho other cabins, but they were empty, and we could And no papers. Thero was so good bringing the dead mother along with us to bury; the ship sho was in was her rightful coffin, and being very deep, with her main hatch open, I ritfiitly reckoned that tho next bit of sea that got up would eiuk tho wreok fast enough. I don't Bay as I d'-dn't. mumble a prayer as I came away holding the little chap. It was an affecting sight to seo that younK woman lying there so lonely-quite recently dead, as we might suppose by hor little one being alive; and when 1 took a last peep at her I nlmoBt felt as if she knew that I was taking hot baby away (torn her. \V<a handed the infant into the boat, and shoved oil for the barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half ft mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. lloband 1' sings out Capt. lilackett, lean ing over the rail. 4 A baby, eir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him see the little face inside. 1 Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands. 'Look sharp and Ret aboard." All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and there. went a deal of hoarse whispering among the men as they pressed forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain- the worthiest man, nit, with the tendereat heart that ever sailed a ship; he pulled ofl his cap as il awed by the misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. 'And the mother lies dead yon der, Mr. Roband 1' says he, pointing to the wreok. * Ay, sir,1 says I. 'God receive her I1 says he. ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband? * . Why, I have two of my own,' I answered j ' but 1 was so muoh away at Bea when they were littlo ones that I can't Bay I ever had achauce of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. Bat what we have to do with the baby," says I,' is to feed him and gst him warm at once.' 1 Then take him below-take him below, Mr. lloband,' cries the captain in a tremulous voioo. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never mind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and song oat to the steward to help me un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a two- thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Uoth the steward's and my fingers wore Equaro edged, and we had to bs very careful in haul ing out the safety pins and clearing the little chap of the things be was dressed in. lie cried so that I was in agony, making sure we vers hurting hioQ . but toe Btew&rd; said i 'No, I know the nature of infants; it would be unnatural il tbey didn't cry; it's a fashion their lungs have of growing.' 'Are you sure ?' says I. 'Cocksure,'says he; 'haven t I seven of my own, Mr. Roband ?' Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket wn had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at tbs galley fire; aud while I was sitting waiting for the steward, with the baby lying on my knees, the captain oomes in. ' God help this poor little one 11 says he; ' what age would you take him to be, Mr. Roband?' . Not a year old,' says I. ' Not a year old I' he oried; . how wonderful are the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble oi humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and. sturdy fellows who fiUed that vessel. It's like seeing an iroh ship beaten to pieces by eeas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel Securely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm muk and a spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it was no good; X couldn't get the milk down his throat; it capsized down his neok, and his being ravenous and orying made tbs job more difficult. ' Here, give me hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put the baby on his knee. Woll, he knew more about it than I, and got i a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un. aud after a bit the littlo chap fell auioep, where upon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. . 'Sir, we had some hopes of his thriving after this. Ho was a sort of a trial in his way, for be wanted washing and dressing aud feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding for suoh work, Ho was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer oyes in an infant', blue as the heavens under whioh we tfere sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to nndress him I'd let him He naked on a flannel shirt stretohed aoross my knees, and tickle bim and make bim laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make me feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home and this bairn's loneliness to trouble mo too muoh. He had but tlie clothes we found liim in; so the Oaptain and X gave eaoh of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needlo, a ohap named Claw, to make into a couple of suits of liuen tor the baby; aud this aud a knitted waist-, ooat and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deck and lay hiui in the fold of a sail or on the entign when the weather was fine and warm, ana then you'd see him kioking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could be rendered. He begot a Btrong home feeling in us all, and you'd see the moving fancies he'd put into the men as they'd creep aft-and I never pretended to notice them Co have a look at the littlo 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've seen them tijuirt overboard from the quarterdeck after watoh ing the baby, as if their hearts wore too full to suffer 'cm to wait until thoy got forward to expectorate. But ouo day, sit, theto camc an end to this. It must have been the cut ting of a tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it, and we thought him all right, and I left him sleeping aud looking oomfortable enough in my bunk whilo 1 went on deok. We were then in latitude 2« degrees south, in the tail of the trade wind. I had been on deok two liourB, when the steward came up through the companion, and, ap proaching me slowly and speaking vory solemnly, he says: ' Mr. Boband,' he says, ' little Jimmy,' that was the nauie he went by. . Little Jimmy,' he says,' has gone to jino his mother.' 1 started and said: 'What's that you say?' He answered: 'Our Uttle un'ts dead, sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at the baby that lay a I corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sir, and the sight broke uiu down, and one or two heaving sobs camo irorn. I me, no more to be helped by mo than the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had I cherished and looked after had died oi the ' Oape cold in spitn of your love. Only tin a was an immortal being, a fellow crcatvuo, a little baby that wo had plucked fruoi the very brink of an ocean grave into wbiuhhia mother h dead embrace was dragginB him; and we 1ml learned to lovo him.' . He Is I'^nu! baiu ' Captain BJackctt; ' 'tis God's win, . 11"; band. Wo did our duty by him-vre could not bavo done more.' ' \Vc may take it, > that his mother wantod him, says Uiu steward. ' Ay, steward, and hor entreaty has boon answered,' says the captain, with a glanc j 1 aloft. , , . " I could not take any liand in equipping tho little mito for hid funeral. 1 was loo much upset, sir. Tho sailmaker made u tmy hammock for him, and they put his hands togotlier, and smoothed the little wroathB ci yellow hair upon his bead, and drosBod him in clean thingB, and, before ho was stitched up, all bands lay aft to say good-bye, and ne'er n man among them thtil rntirod the cabin but stoppud to give tho lilllo cold faoo a kiss before leaving. We kopl bim till next unj, uuu uuiicu iuui UULI lmjUq una been made. It was a green, windy, glistening morning; the emerald t>eae ran at us, melting in frotu us they came, and the shadows ol ttat men gathered around the gangway Bwayed at our feet Etd the hark rolled over (be Burgas and tho dunuiny sun darted beams like speaiS of light from the clouds through which ho swung. Oh, Bir I tho contrast ol that hammock upon the grating with the huge grave tlmt was to receive it 1 The service WM.' almost more than uomo of us could bear; tA . see tho men turn their heads away and lqpk down, and when at last it came to the pum that's a signal at sea for the tilting ot the body into tbe water, we all let our breath oat in a sob as the tiny hammock eped like a snowllake over tho side and vanished in the slant of a sea whose breaking summit flashed. a rainbow over the spot."-London Telegraph, 