pate' Mwra. NOTES. EVen white muslin 'dresses are made with waistcoats which are detachable. Among the French linens are rhangnUw ones almost as pretty as the shot silk*. Silk petticoats, with embroidered fioasoes, are worn by the most fastidious women* Some of the newest embroidenee show raised figures in imitation of Pompadour lace. Coloured surah and silk waistcoats are fre quently worn with white mull or nainsook The colours selected for spring are lighter in tone than those of last season, with fewer of the nslfl. Puffs or waiatleta of ribbon, velvet and lace, with jet buckles and ornaments, are coming in vouge.] White veiling robes come in machhifl em broidered or broche for half the dre&B;, the other half being of plain stufl Gold, silver, and silk ganzes, with raised and shaded velvet figures, are the most superb fabrics ever yet produced. Grape veils are coming into faj'htftn, and are soft-looking and becoming to the com plexion in cream and pinkish white shades. Even white dresses are made of two kinds of material, one plain, the other embroidered — broche, dotted, sprigged, barred, or striped. A natty cloth hat or bonnet is now invari ably sent home with the 'tailor-made** costume as a. part of the dress. Tins n * close following of a fa^hjpn set by Persian tailors. On imported tailor-made costumes are seen enfls and collars of stamped leather. It is soft, and finished in ecru and Russian leather colours, and sometimes neatly stitched as weH as stamped. Button gloves are preferred for the street, but the tnouskuetaires arc still best liked for even wear. Tan shades are worn exclusively where the gloves do not correspond in colour with the dress. The London Queen says that no lady's maid worth having would ever wear a cap or apron. It is said that among tbe wives of Utah there may be found women from nearly every nation except France. MlP.fi Terry is reported to have said that she found the handsomest gtrU in New York and the loveliest Baltimore. ' No, indeed,' said Mrs. Parvenu—' no ; I don't think she's s fine looking woman mi alL She may have nice eyes, but mercy me, sbeV got no physic.** Viscountess Haberton is '-f'*T'fff^ became the International Health AsBOcaatioa vouU not permit the exhibition of reformed styles of underclothing. Dotted veils are not nearly as popular « those made of plain Brussels net. Tve netls bo very fine that it v*vn nardly be *****. It comes in brown, black, red, and dark Une and green. Scarf pine are now worn by women as veU as fay men. A pink or blacs pearl, «v iniiri* finish eH gold ball studded with diamonds, and rubies and sapphires set in silver, are popular The first lady who introduced tea at after noon receptions in Washington was Madame de Catacazy, the beautiful wife of a focmer Russian Mjijiptyr. She h'* it at her Thus day receptions as early as 1870. An African traveller once offered a Idas, under favourable circumstances, to a- young' lady of King Moinbo Jnmho*s court, but *h-^ recoiled in great alarm, observing tfast she ' was not yet worthy to be eaten. Walking has become f mA jfwwtMo at VTas&* ington, and every pleasant day scon* of ladies of hieh decree who used to drive In variably when tai«ripg the air may now be seen wrnbinp long ?UrftTTipi up and *doYS thf* avenues. A gallant policeman offered to escort a yonng lady across Broadway, but he became somewhat cmbarrased when she lifted up her pet doj; and said: 'Oh! thank you; u yoo will carry dear little Fido across I can go over alone. A recent Boston widower, establishing communi cation with tija deceased wife by means of a medium, imfcpJ her if she ym happy. 'Well, dear,' tbe fair ghost if reported to have replied, ' it is very charm ing and lovely and aD that here, but, of course, you know, it isnt Boston.' Wagner makes great use in his dramas of the self-sacrificing love of woman, 'A woman,' he has said, 'who does not love with the pride of absolute self-devotion, in reality does not love at all. But a woman who docs not love at all is the most unworthy and most repulsive object in the world.' A beautiful opera wrap sent over by Worth for a prospective bride is made of white and gold brocade, and lined with pale gold satin. The lining; on each front is hand painted with Scottish blue l-clls aud lilies of the valley. Tbe trimming, which is very wide and full, consists of ruffles of rich white lace, inter mixed with pendants of pearl and white 