LATE TELEGRAMS. [ From our correspondents.] MURRUMBURRAH, Thursday. Following are the results of the racing : — Maiden Plate Preston's Favourite, 1 ; Poplin's Clement, 2 ; Thorogood's Verdi, 3. Selling Race : — Murphy's Wild Oats, 1; Drum's Mistake, 2 ; Higgin's Flannery, 3. Town Plate Handicap : — Tracey's Caris sima, 1 ; Poplin's Alice Hawthorne, 2 ; L. Hyland's Lucifer, 3. Publican's Purse Handicap : — Preston s Favourite, 1 ; Osborne's Ambassador, 2 ; Goodwin's Hanlan, o. Hack Race : — Ned Kelly, 1 ; Chestnut Robin, 2 ; Zulu, 3. _ — Hurry Scurry : — Dave Reid's Ghost, 1. GUNDAGAI, Friday. The clerk of petty session's returns for 1883 show the police cases to have been : — 120 summonses, 129 cases of broaches of the Licensing Act; 76 cases in the quarter ses sions ; 15 in the district court ; and the amounts received from all sources, £988/16/. Another bush fire last night at Big Ben Creek. Selections : — L. Roche, 40a, Nanangroe ; J. M. Carberry, 100a, Gobarralong; N. Carberry, 100a, Gobarralong. Weather intensely hot. SYDNEY, Friday. ^ The financial debate was resumed last I night. Mr. Copeland was absent, but sent his resolution to intercept ways and means. It did not come on, but he will move his amendment next Wednesday. The debate was kept up solely by the Opposition till 11 o'clock, when the usual formal resolution was carried. It _ is rumoured that the Elections and Qualifications Committee intend to resign consequent upon the manner in which their decisions have been treated by the House. Fat cattle market easier, showing decline of about^ one pound. GoofJ. eheep were scarce, prices fully maintained. Later. The English mails via Sau Francisco are ; being delivered this afternoon. A gang of convicts at Noumea boarded the cutter Taremba, pitched tho crew ovor board, and escaped with the vessel. A deputation waited on the Minister for Works to-day asking for money to be put on the estimates to improve the water supply in the Yanko district. The Minister promised to send an officer to the ?district to make enquiry and furnish report on it. Another deputation asked for a railway from Galong platform to Burrowa, fourteen miles ;?! 'i enst of about £40,000. Mr. Wrighi -ia id preliminary inquires should be made, and his decision would depend on the report received. The cricket match Australian eleven y. combined team was commenced to-day, and the game stands : — Australians : Bannevman 1, M'Donnell 61, Giffin 1, Bonnor 64, Mur doch S3, Midwinter (not out) 12, sundries 9. Total for five wickets, 234. LONDON, Monday. Tho member for Sheffield is making in quiries in Parliament regarding the alleged over-crowding of emigrants for Sydney by the Warwick Castle. The ante-christian movement in Tonquin is gaining ground ; another massacre is reported to have occurred near flue, and fifty christians killed. The survivors of the Sinkat garrison and several women have reached Suakith'. Messages have been sent to Tokiiv 'urging the garrison to hold out, aud. promising relief. v.. Thursday. In official circles disappointment is ex pressed that the colonies do not name the proportion of expenses they are prepared to contribute towards strengthening the British authority in the Pacific. Ten million francs have been placed on the French estimates towards the Recidivistes Bill. It is considered unlikely that any colonial governors will be transferred to Victoria, as it is desired to send out an entirely new. man specially fitted for the position. Fears of attack on Suakam are subsiding, and the rebels are dispersing from the vicinitv. * 