THE SAND-DEIFTAT NEWCASTLE. If it is trae that there ia a skeleton in every honae, it is also true that there is a skeleton in every town. And the skeleton of Newcastle is a certain Band-drift. When Sir Henry Parkes and the members of his Ministry were invited to Newcastle several years ago, the reoeption committee prepared a programme containing the principal local objeots whioh they intended that the visitors should inspeot. The first item on the pro gramme waB the fortifications, and tho last was the sand-drift. There was a good deal of unconscious hnmonr of a grim sort dis played in making these sights the Alpha and Omega of tho programme, for both were destroying forces, althongb differing some what in their operation. Sir Henry was taken to the fortifioationB to admire ; bnt lie vas taken to the sand-drift to relieve. His arrival at the gaud-drift took place at G o'clock in the evening, and was the finale of the day's junketing. He came, he saw, he swore: He fled from it as a school-boy flies from a ghost, and disappointed the expectant citizens by declining daring the remainder of hid reign to interfere with it in any way. Mindful of former experiences, the Newcastle people have not invited the present Ministry to their city ostensibly to banquet them, bat in reality to carry them to the sand-drift ; bat they have sent a deputation to the Premier to aBk him to remove tbe nuisance. .Mr. Stnart did not swear at the deputation, bat be gave them no more satisfaction than the Parkes' reception committee obtained from that distinguished person. Tbey wanted bim to resume the land affected by tbe drift, and have the sand oarted into a neighbouring swamp. He replied that the Government had no power to resume iind for such apurpose ; tbat the Pnblio Purposes Acquisition Act defined the various classes of purposes for which land might be resumed, and tbe preservation of a section of a city threatened with destruction by a sand-drift -was not included in theso purposes. The deputation did not know how often the Go vernment itself has driven a coach-and-fonr through thin particular Act. Mr, Stuart kindly made two suggestions to the deputa tion as to the manner of getting rid of the nuisance, and as both were wholly impractic able, doubtless they were received with be coming gratitude. The sand-drift is a real daoger and a prodigions nuisance, and with its present strength the local municipality cannot cope successfully with it. No city in Australia requires such a heavy relative ex penditure upon its streets for construction and repairs as Newcastle does ; and because this expenditure has to be inourred, a suffi cient snm cannot be spared from tbe muni cipal rates to remove the sand- drift. The Mayor of the borough told the Premier that one-fourth of the rates was expended in throwing back the sand that waB blown on to one of the streets. That sort of thing cannot be continued. The Government dealt with a similar nuisance in Wollongong, and if it is not willing to assume the entire responsibility of dealing with the -sand-drift in. Newcastle, it ought at least to enoour- oge the Municipal Council to undertake its removal by the promise of substantial help. 