Tales and Sketches. A NIGHT OF ADVENTURE. IT was a hot, weary morning at the far end of the London season. There were not very many carriages left in the Park of the streets; yet Zoe Conington, one of the greatest beauties in society, was driving along dusty Oxford street. And she was crying, quietly, beneath the parasol which she held well over her eyes. Presently, the carriage turned up one the substantial side streets, and stopped in front of a very neat and prosperous-looking house. The door was painted a dark green, and on it was a brass plate, bearing this inscription: 'Mr. Edgar's Home for Trained Nurses.' Mrs. Conington quickly left her carriage, rang the bell at the door, and was immediately admit- ted. She was shown into the 'office' where she found Mr. Edgar and his Lady Superin- tendent, both apparently very busy at large writing tables. 'I want a nurse, Mr. Edgar,' said Zoe Con- ington, rather helplessly. She knew her eyes were red, and she did not like the feeling. 'Certainly, ' said Mr. Edgar; 'what sort of case?' 'It is for my sister, said Zoe. 'I really don't understand what's the matter. They say she has what they call anæmia, and the doctor who attends her fears she will not live long. I believe he is an old fogey, and does not understand the case.' 'Then you want a nurse of experience?' said Mr. Edgar. 'Exactly,' said Zoe eagerly; 'and I should be glad if I could get one that is ladylike as well—not a common hospital nurse. You see my sister is quite alone, without any lady friend; and I can't go to her because her hus- band doesn't like me.' 'Nurse Harcourt,' said Mr. Edgar to the Lady Superintendent, who nodded and rang a bell. 'She is exactly what you want,' he he added, turning to Zoe. 'She is an ex- perienced and clever nurse, and she is a lady. We don't have many like her. She belongs to a good family. I feel sure you will like her. Come in, Miss Harcourt,' as the nurse thus named entered. 'What is the case, sir?' said nurse Harcourt. 'It is said to be anæmia.' 'I can undertake that, I think, sir.' 'Of course you can,' put in the Lady Super- intendent. Zoe had quickly taken in the girl's appear- ance. She was slender, active, with an intelli- gent and interesting face. Her features were not good, yet their was a charm of colour about her. She had large and very dark eyes, and strong dark eyebrows; while her thick hair, cut quite short, was all bright with warm gold and red. This certainly was not Zoe's idea of a common hospital nurse.' 'I don't know whether I ought to say so,' she said to the nurse, 'but I don't think the doctor understands the case. Have you often nursed anæmia?' 'Yes; in the hospital,' said nurse Harcourt; 'and I have had cases since in which it was present. I don't think I should be easily deceived in it.' 'Then, you must have my address,' said Zoe; 'and write or telegraph to me direct, as you think fit. If there is any mistake being made in the treatment, I will send down a physician at once. Will you undertake this? 'Yes,' said nurse Harcourt, with a quick, bright smile; 'I think I can undertake that. Shall I get ready, sir?' 'What station?' asked Mr. Edgar, armed with an 'A, B, C,' and a magnificent glass. 'Lostayvil,' said Zoe, 'somewhere near Penzance; a wretched little river fishing place. People ought not to go so far from everybody. Is there any chance of her get- ting there to-night?' 'Lostayvil—oh, yes; she can get there at ten o'clock. The starts in half an hour. She must have some sandwiches made up to take with her,' he said to the Lady Superintendent, who rose and hurried away, pen in hand, to give orders. Mrs. Conington drove to a telegraph office, and sent a 'wire' to her brother-in-law: From Zoe Conington, Hyde Park Gate, to Edward Mertoun, the Old Halll, Lostayvil—Your account of Agatha has alarmed me exceed- ingly. I am sending her a nurse, as I think it may be a comfort. She will arrive at the Lostayvil Station about ten o'clock. If you cannot send for her, she will find some con- veyance.' Nurse Harcourt, dressed all in gray, and with a gray veil over her bright hair and clever face, caught the express, and took her seat without any fuss or excitement, although she had only a half an hour to get ready and reach the station in. When she arrived at Lostayvil it was a clear, sweet night; the station seemed to stand alone on a fragrant and indistinct desert, with no sign of any houses near. 'Is there anything come to fetch me from the Old Hall?' asked she, in her clear, deter- mined young voice. 'Nothing at all, miss,' said the solitary porter; and; then, after a second's pause, during which he shouldered her box, 'so I suppose ye'll go to the hotel.' 'No, indeed,' said Ada, who immediately suspected him of being in the pay of that same hotel. 'I must go to the Old Hall to- night. I suppose I can get something to drive in?' 'There's post- horses at the hotel,' said the porter dubiously. 'Take me there, then,' said Ada. It seemed to her that she walked about a mile and a half over a lonely road. At last they arrived at an inn entrance round which there were some signs of sleepy village life. After a storm interview with dull landlord, Ada succeeded in getting him to have out a 'po' shay' and two horses for her. A driver was extracted from the bar where the was drink- ing. He came out surly, and, getting on the box after Ada and her luggage had been wait- ing some time in the 'shay', began to whip the horses. This amusement he continued to in- dulge in until they arrived at the Old Hall, taking the horses at a rapid gallop, up hill and down dale. The Old Hall stood high, with a wide lawn about it, dotted by clumps of fine trees. On the way Ada was charmed by glimpses of the winding silver stream and the wooded hills about it. All was very lovely; yet something in the aspect of the Old Hall made her shiver as she approached it. It was very dark; only one window seemed dimly lit; the front door appeared to be hermetically sealed. But Ada courageously rang and knocked, and while she waited for an answer filled up the time by paying her surly driver the fabulous sum he demanded of her. At last the door moved; it opened slowly, and on the steps stood a tall man, 'Are you the nurse?' 'Yes,' answered Ada. 'I didn't suppose you could get here to- night. Well, come in.' The coachman whipped up his horses in the familiar style and rattled away. A servant who looked like a groom came out and lifted Ada's box into the hall. A lamp stood on a table there, and by its light Ada tried to dis- cover what sort of a house she was in. She was standing in a big old fashioned hall or house-place. Opposite her, his hand deeply buried in his pockets, stood the man who was evidently master. 'I told the maid to get a room ready for you he said. 'The man will light you up there, and you can see my wife in the morning. Shall he bring you some supper?' 'If you please,' said Ada. 'First, I'll take off my hat, and if you will allow I'll go to my patient at once.' 'Nonsense,' said Mr. Mertoun; 'you must sleep after a journey.' 'But it is my duty to see her first, if you please, sir.' Ada followed the man-servant upstairs to a little bed-room where he left her, saying he he would bring her some supper. She washed her hands and combed out her bright hair. When she came back she said: 'Shall I find Mr. Mertoun down stairs.' He's gone to his own room,' said the groom, 'and he says missus is asleep, and not to be disturbed.' 'Which is her room?' asked Ada. 'I must know, because I have come down to nurse her.' 'I'll show you the door,' said the man. He led her a little way along a corridor, and up a short staircase. 'The door on the left,' he said, and immediately hurried off, carrying his light with him. 'This is a queer house,' thought Ada. However, she found her way back to her own room by the glimmer of light from its door- way. Then, taking her candle, she went straight to the door of the room the man had shown her. She knocked gently; there was no answer. So she quietly turned the handle and looked in. A solitary candle lit a huge room; she could but dimly perceive that on the bed lay a woman who, seeing her, started up as if in terror, and then fell helplessly back again. Evidently this was the sick room. Ada shut the door, put down the candle, and approached the bed. 'Don't be frightened,' she said; 'I am a nurse your sister has sent down to take care of you.' 'I thought you were a spirit,' said Agatha Mertoun; 'I have had strange visions to-day.' Then she relapsed into silence, and seemed to forget Ada's presence. After awhile she spoke again. 'I am dying,' she said. Ada went close to her and looked into her eyes. They were very strange. Suddenly the unhappy woman was seized with a violent sickness. Ada, with her quick wits, noticed some things which made her wonder. When her patient, weary and exhausted, lay back again on her pillow she began to make a tour of the room. There were a great many bottles in different places. She took out all the corks and smelt at the contents. Suddenly, while thus engaged, she happened to look toward the bed, and met Agatha's eyes fixed on her with a gaze full of some extraordinary meaning or intelligence. It almost frightened even the brave Ada. She put down the bottle quickly and went to the bedside. But Agatha had closed her eyes, as to weak to keep them open. Looking earnestly at her, Nurse Har- court realised how wonderfully lovely she was in spite of the deadly pallor which lay on her face. Suddenly the sickness came again; and then a violent spasm. 'This is a queer sort of anæmia,' said Ada to herself ; and, after a long look at her patient, began to smell at the physic bottles. Just then she heard a faint sound at the door. Hastily approaching it and opening it, she Mr. Mertoun disappearing through the oppo- site door. 'He wanted to watch me,' she thought. 'Now what can this mean?' She locked the door inside and continued her in- vestigations. Suddenly she came upon a Suddenly she came upon a bottle inside a cup- beard, nearly empty, the smell from which almost made her cry out. But she remem- bered her patient and refrained. She merely put the bottle into her pocket, and then, with- out hunting about any more, went back to watch poor Agatha. The colour of her face grew steadily worse, and her weakness was rapidly increasing. 'What on earth am I to do?' exclaimed Nurse Harcourt at last, 'in this out-of-the- way place? I can't see her die before my eyes. If I could only get the doctor.' She had spoken out loud, thinking Agatha quite unconscious. But she was not. She opened her eyes and appeared to express something by their earnest gaze. It seemed as if she understood Ada's words. 'It's the only thing to be done, I believe,' said Ada to herself; 'and I'll do it.' She took out her watch and looked at it—half-past three. Going to the window, she drew the curtain a little aside. There was a faint gray haze all over the world; but the light would be enough to find one's way by, and every moment brought the dawn nearer. 'If I did but know the way,' she thought. 'Well, I must wake up some one and ask it.' Having made up her mind, she no longer hesitated! She took a final survey of her patient and then left the room. She locked the door on the outside, and took the key with her. Quickly entering her own room, she caught up her gray cloak and travelling hat, and put them on as she hurried down stairs. 'If I only knew where the servants sleep,' she thought; 'but I am so afraid of rousing Mr. Mertoun. 'I'll wake up some cottage people.' With considerable difficulty she opened the front door, and drew it close behind her with- out absolutely shutting it. To her delight she found it would stay so without moving; this would enable her to enter the house quietly. As quickly as swift feet would carry her, she hurried out of the grounds. She saw no cottages; so she went on along the widest road, hoping to reach some habi- tation in time. To her delight she saw at last a hedger and ditcher trudging away to his work. She ran after him, and, almost breath- less with her quick movement and excitement, caught him by the arm while she ask him her question. 'The doctor?' he replied. 'Right on till the cross roads, then to the right; not mor'n a mile.' Not more than a mile! Nurse Harcourt started off on her way gleefully. That soon will be accomplished, she thought. Had she but known how strange is the Cornish mind on the subject of distances she might have stayed to ask further information. But, in- stead, she hurried away, leaving the working man to stare after her in complete and be- wildered amazement. The cross roads were reached before long, and then she turned to the right and hurried quickly along the lonely road. At last Ada began to reflect on the fact that she must have walked a good deal more than a mile since her meeting with the hedger and ditcher. In fact, she was beginning to feel a little puzzled and hopeless, for there was no sign of houses. Still she hurried on, hoping to meet some one else who would direct her. Suddenly on her ear fell the sound of laughter —high, clear, hearty laughter. Odd, at this time in the morning; but, nevertheless, the sound encouraged her. It came again and again, and guided her footsteps out of the high road into a wonderfully quiet lane. The laughter still went on ahead, like a mocking spirit, as a will-o'-the wisp. But suddenly Ada found herself close to a little cottage, every window of which was brilliantly illu- minated from within. The lower windows reached to the ground and stood open, exhibit- ing all the signs of a late revel. Empty de- canters and bottles, innumerable glasses, some packs of cards on the floor—these caught Ada's quick eyes and made her wonder; while leaning on the gate of the cottage was an ex- tremely handsome young man dressed in white flannels. He looked at Ada with the steady gaze of astonishment. He was immensely surprised at the sight of a young lady in gray, with an extremely charming face, taking a walk at four o'clock on a misty morning. Without a second's hesitation she approached him. 'Can you tell me where I can find the doctor's house?' she said; 'a man I met told me to come this way.' Her earnest tone seemed to rouse him and make him understand that she was out on business. 'Dr. Frere is the nearest resident doctor,' he said, 'and he lives about six miles off, over there,' pointing the way Ada had come. 'But if there is anything I can do, let me help you. I am a doctor.' 'You?' said Ada, her gaze wandering from his sun-burned face which had on it the un- mistake up-all- night expression, to his white flannel-clad figure, and then to the cottage beyond, which looked so absurd, in the grow- ing daylight, with a quantity of dying candles burning on the tables. 'It's all right,' he said, seeming to under- stand her perplexity. 'I'm Alan Browne, of Wimpole-street. I'm down here for the boat- ing, and I've been having a bachelor's party. Didn't you hear that fellow laughing as he went off just now? I had to get four of the others to take him away.' 'I know your name,' said Ada earnestly. 'Come with me. I am a nurse from Mr. Edgar's Home. 'I am in charge of Mrs. Mertoun up at the Hall, and she is dying. If you don't come at once it may be too late.' 'What's the matter with her?' said Dr. Browne. I've got a pocket medicine case here; shall I bring it?' 'Nurse Harcourt leaned on the gate, and said something in a scarcely audible voice, then she took out the bottle from her pocket, and held it up for his inspection. 'Impossible!' he exclaimed. 'Come and save her,' said Ada solemnly. Dr. Browne turned, hurried into the cottage and in little more than a minute reappeared with a small case in his hand. Seeing him ready to follow her, Ada immediately started off as quickly as possible on her return road. Alan Browne hurried after her, leaving the little cottage, with all its windows open and its candles burning to show its disorder to any passer-by who might chance to wander that way. 'You are a good walker,' said Dr. Browne when he had got up with her. 'I believe I am,' said Ada, and went quickly on without any further remark. These two, going swiftly through the pale, ghostlike morning mist, would have looked strange to any one who could have seen them. Both were very pale; Dr. Browne had got rather bored by his batchelor party, which had lasted to late for his taste; and then he had been startled by Ada and what she had said. Nurse Harcourt was white with excite- ment and fatigue, although she did not know it, nor know that she was weary. She was intent upon returning to her charge; she was full of anxiety as to what might have hap- pened in her absence. 'You know,' said Dr. Browne presently, 'this thing cant be possible. She is a noted beauty; the men that stay in Lostayvil go to church to look at her. Who could do such a thing!' 'I can't say, sir,' said Ada; 'but I do not think I am mistaken.' Dr. Browne was so bewildered by the un- wonted manner of her introduction to him that he forgot this vision of the morning was a nurse; but Ada remembered her position, and addressed him with the manner she used in sick rooms—quiet, but having in it an odd mixture of defiance and deference. Very little more passed between them; they walked so quickly that it was not easy to talk Dr. Browne covertly observed his companion very earnestly. As they reached the gates of the hall the stable clock struck five, and the gray mist was beginning to lift a little and glide away like the ghost of the dawn. It had been a strange walk, though neither thought of it at the time; but it had the effect of making them feel as if they had known each other for years. The house was not awake yet; all was just as Ada had left it. She gently pushed open the front door and led the way into the dark interior. Up the dark staircase the two crept like thieves. The blinds were all closed, and only a faint glimmer of light came through the chinks here and there. As the gray figure and the white figure came noiselessly up the staircase, suddenly something started from the door of Mrs. Mertoun's bedroom, and with a horrible cry rushed across the landing. It was the cry of a most awful fear. It made Ada feel sick, and she longed to sit down on the stairs, for her legs gave way beneath her. But she would not. She re- membered her patient, and getting out the key of the room, opened the door and let Dr. Browne in; then she closed it behind them, and locked it. Agatha Mertoun lay rigid, like a lovely statue on the bed. Her eyes were staring and fixed and on her lips was a foam. Nurse Harcourt looked at her with a sinking heart—was it to late? But she quickly threw aside her cloak and prepared to wait upon Dr. Browne, who soon became absorbed in his task. He used strong measures and watched their effect with anxiety. Nurse Harcourt saw, with a curious sort of satis- faction, that he was acting upon the same idea with regard to the case which she had offered him. He did not reject it as impossible now. For two hours this fixed attention continued; neither left the bedside. At last Dr. Browne went to the window, and beckoned Ada to him. 'The servants will be up now,' he said; 'ask them to get you some coffee. You look perfectly worn out.' 'I believe I am rather tired,' she said; 'but I was right, wasn't I?' 'Quite right,' he said; 'and you have saved her life by your pluck.' Thus comforted, Ada went away in search of the servants. On the landing outside the door she found the man servant whom she had seen the time before. He was standing still, with a face full of perplexity. 'Nurse,' he said, 'I believe master's gone out of his mind. He has been queer for some time past, but not like this.' 'What is it? asked Ada. 'He is sitting on his bed laughing; and every now and then he stops, and shrieks out suddenly that the house is full of gray and white ghosts. I don't like it— it's awful.' Then Ada remembered that cry of fear 'He must have seen me bring in Dr. Browne early this morning,' she said; 'he is in his boating flannels. Mrs. Mertoun was much worse in the night and I went for a doctor. Dr. Browne had better see your master.' The man looked a good deal bewildered, but recovered himself sufficiently to agree, and Dr. Browne heard his tale. While the servant was going, he turned to Ada and began—'You know the house better than I do—perhaps you can tell me—' 'Better than you do!' exclaimed Ada; 'not much. I only got here last night at eleven.' 'Why, what a night of adventure you have had! No wonder you looked worn out. Well can you tell me who to send to, because there is evidently something very wrong here?' 'Yes, I can tell you that,' she answered. 'I have the address of Mrs. Mertoun's sister, who sent me down, and to whom I am to telegraph if necessary.' 'That is all right, said Dr. Browne; 'have you ordered my breakfast?' 'Not yet,' she answered. 'I will send the man to see that it is got ready for you, and brought to your room. Now, go straight to bed.' 'Thank you, sir,' said Ada, 'but how can I leave Mrs. Mertoun?' 'I am not going away just yet; you know I did not travel from town yesterday. I will have her attended to; and you shall be called in four hours.' 'Thank you, sir,'' said Ada again; and went away down the now sunlit staircase, on which her room opened. 'Thank you, sir repeated Dr. Browne to himself. 'What an extraordinary little woman it is! And what eyes! By Jove it has been a night of adventure.' Ada got into bed, drank some warm coffee and then fell suddenly into a deep dreamless sleep. It was the repose of complete weari- ness. Four hours later the maid knocked at her door. Ada started up broad awake in an instant, and as fresh as a flower. In a very short time she was dressed and at the door of her patient's room. The maid' was in charge; Dr Browne had left her with in- structions what to do, and Mrs. Mertoun seemed to be a little better. Agatha was lying on a heap of pillows, looking very white, and wild and strange. But she was evidently in less suffering. 'My dear little nurse,' she whispered when Ada bent over her, 'I know you have saved my life. They will not tell me where my husband is, but you will. Is he mad!' 'I don't know anything,' said Ada. 'I have been asleep all this time.' 'He must be,' she went on, 'I am sure he was not in his right mind or he would never have attempted what he did— you believe me, don't you? He loved me when he was himself; but sometimes he had awful fits of jealously, when I have thought before now that he would try to kill me. It was in one of these fits that he brought me here; and it has been growing on him. When we were married I was always thought a beauty; and he was always fancying I should get tired of him. Oh, nurse I am sure he was not in his right mind. You will tell the doctor so, won't you?' 'Yes, yes, I will,' said Ada, 'and indeed I think so; I should have said so in any case And the servants told me this morning that he was not in his right mind. 'Ah, then I will be all right,' said Agatha, with a sigh of relief. Ada understood then that this beautiful woman still loved the husband who had attempted her life, and that her great dread was lest he should be held accuntable for his attempted crime. Late that night Zoe Conington arrived with her husband; they brought with them a 'mental' attendant who immediately took possession of Edward Mertoun. The dreadful thing, which Ada had discovered and pre- vented was kept a secret among the few who knew it. Every day, after Zoe arrived, Agatha in- sisted that her dear little nurse, as she always called Ada, should go out for a walk. The country around the Old Hall was exceedingly beautiful; to wonder about in it was the keenest pleasure possible to the country born girl. Zoe did all she could to make her happy; but she found that nothing pleased her so much as the fresh air and the wild flowers. But Zoe one day carried a great piece of gossip to her sister's sick room. 'My dear, she said, 'I know now why Nurse Ada is so fond of the field. Dr. Browne meets her. They will be telling us they are engaged soon.' And they did so. One day they came in together with the conscious look of guilt. Dr. Browne says when he asked Ada a question; which girls reply to generally in either a sentimental or a scornful manner, Ada merely said: 'Thank you, sir.'—The Whitehall Review. 