GEOFFREY STIRLING. BR MRS. LEITH ADAMS. PART M.—CHAPTER L MBS. CAIJJENDEB ENTERTAINS. The date was three months later than that Of the last episode in our story; the hour, 5 of the afternoon; the place, Amos Uallender's neat abode in Becklington market-place. Spring was in its fairest, freshest days; those days when garlands of faint and tender line seem filing irom branch to branch and tree to tree with careless hand, and all the waking world is immature, bat unspeakably lovely in its immaturity. Mrs. Callender'8 jonquils, standing all a-row in the window, determined not to be behind the rest of the world, had dressed themselves in pale green smocks, with soddinz hoods of white and gold, while their sweet breath made all the low raftered parlour fragrant, Mrs. Calender's tea-table, too, presented a springlike festivity of aspect. Salad, green and fresh (not omitting the young and delicate onion); shrimps, rosy-hued, transparent of shell, emulating in size their cousins the rawns; and a cola round of beef that would E ive made the table groan if the article of furniture in question had not happened to be a sort of- magnified oak settle that hadn't a groan in it. The tea-table beingthus dreSsSd en fete, it was only to be expected that Mrs. Callender , should follow suit. . .•. Which she had done jhaying so much in ; common wif ~ . fluttered- in her cap. The worthy tanner, too, presented a shiny ; and sacrificed appearance - that, with him, meant sundry severe toilette processes. He was pacing restlessly np and down the pleasant parlour; now and then catching up a shrimp by the tail and deftly swinging it (in its entirety) into his month. ' He was also looking at Bess. No unpleasant object of contemplation either, for time has dealt gently with that good and faithful wife, whom we first encountered in the character of a brave, true comforter to her husband in great calamity. Her hair is grey, and she is more buxom as to figure than of yore ; bur of other cluuige ia there none. Bess is still the same bright, hopeful woman as ever; she might be own sister to Farmer Dale's Nancy for matter of that. " Don't so to eat the s'rimps wi'out shellin' 'em to-night, Amos," she said, looking up from her knitting in a somewhat cajoling fashion; "Mrs. Dale's apt to be a bit pertickler, and it ain't counted genteel to eat s'rimps whole, that way." " WelL" said Amos, glad of a grievance or the semblance of one to pass the time away, *' 'tain't reaaonablej danced if it is, to fiddlefaddle with one's victuals like that. I ask you now, lass, when you've took off a shrimp's head and his taiL where is he ?" ile was obliged to allow that his pink ed body made but a poor show. Just so; a man like me don't know he's there, and is ready to think he's more trouble than he's worth. I'd be same as the big elephant I see'd at f Zoological Gardens last time I were up i' Lnnnun—time as I snissed t' ghost, thee Knows, lass. Well, the great beast opened his month wide as ever it could go, and the folks pitched nuts in. It stands to sense he couldn't tell if they wur theer or no, but he giv* a bind of a swaller, and smirked a bit (being pleased to be took so much notice on), though I reckon he didn't get much satisfaction out of the business, for all he made such a show." Bessie had dropped her knitting, hands and all, on her lap, and was looking, with vide appreciative eyes, at her lord and . master. 'I reckon I've gone about wi' my eyes open ; that's the'difference between me and some folks." Further conversation was pat a stop to by the arrival of the long expected guests— Farmer Dale and Mrs. Dale—the latter with iier best cap tied np in a spotted handkerchief for safety ; Jeremy Bindwhistle, with a wonderful "bouquet" in Ids Sunday coat, and bearing an excuse from "the missus, •who was " a bit out o' sorts;" and Softie also in a state of forlorn temporary bachelorhood, -nis better half having a "crook in her temper," as the farmer slyly suggested to Bessie, though poor Softie callea it a "cold in the .iiead." Well, here wa are," said Amos, rubbing tis hands, and much relieved by the arrival of his guests. He was a man of impatient nature, as may have already been gathered, and hated waiting. . It was said that when waiting for Bess to come downstairs the . morning they two were wed, he danced a suppressed double-shuffle in the passage, because Bhe took so long to " get her finery on." i But he was quite content now, as he took his seat at the bottom of the table, and looked radiantly round his own hospitable board. Stay though, one guest was lacking. " Why, wherever's Jake got to ?" he cried, a blank look spreading over his jolly face, like a clond over the sun; "the lazy laggard !" "He's mostly as spry as a parched pea in a bladder, is Jake," said Jeremy, giving a delicate touch to his posey. "So heis," assented the host; "but we conna wait for 'on'—count of their bein' marrow-bones." " The soul of a marrow-bone is not havin his insoide boiled away, and bein' served up pipin' hot," said Jeremy, with the air of a connoisseur. So the marrow-bones were had in, the tea poured out, and, as Amos presently observed, • *' tilings were set a-eoin'." Softie had plaBtered his hair down with a liberal allowance of water until it looked like .a badly made wig, and put on a green tie, •which gave him a more than usually cadaverous appearance; but he seemed to be enjoying himself, in a silent sort of way of his own; a kind of crushed and mortified rejoicing, that was MB highest manifestation of content. He even [volunteered a remark without anybody leading up to it • '' Happen Jake's lingered a bit at The • Safe Retreat. They do say as he's spikin up to Widow Green." Now, one Green, the proprietor of the bOBtelrie in question, had departed this life a year back, and his buxom relic was the cynosure of many eyes. She, or her cosy weli-to-do inn—or both—as the case might be. "She'd never tak' oop wi' such a little hap M Jake !" said Mrs. Dale, with a glance TOpride at her own husband's ample propor- "She moight do wur," put in Jeremy; "Jakes as good a hearted chap as stands i 5 Becklington, and it ud' be a foine settlement l wife for him, mind you, in the evening of hisdayB." "Happen his legs moight stand i' his ttT T said Softie sui ay be," replied the farmer: "but a woman o sense would overlook such trifles if •o be as a man^had a good headpiece on his Shoulders and could manage the customersmore especially of a Saturday night, when they're apt to be boistersome.'^ f yei aye, theyr'e a handful for a lone JTOman and no mistake," quoth Nance, shaktnedto * 811 looking Hli S ht 5 r as she interesting topic "of Jake's amorous aspire" iSSLTS never be known, for at that moment the individual in question was seen ®OMu»gthe market place, and that with •wonastrangelook of ineffable dignity and mpotbinoe about him as made his spindleappear equal to the very stoutest •"garters ever relied upon by man. -Whatever^ ado?" said Bess, keeping the «»ot in mid air in her amaze. it TJE^.™? Peace, lass," said her husband. ttPjkesto tell his tale his own way." ^MjS^snre he's goin' to tell us as the V«fl>Vto take him,legs and all, for better s^rt^U ej^kted the fannerin a husky «wrtttrtwas meant for a whisper, swell JS? 1 ®.* ^ M Jake codd he said to swelled"Wortwwe, then was Jake WM'J? m tt®ambitiouB frog of old. iet&c;"jarssa 1 ! wa8hegoingto • (!To be cotUinued.) 