flic Editors' (ihosl. 1 WAS onco night editor of a morn ing paper. My a««oei;i(o in tho local department was Ward ttiilliii, a young fellow of Icfmi perceptions, ready wit, anil active ability. Nothing twaped his observation, lie wasindufatigahly industrious, and picked up all tlie news, delving out items from apparently barren ground, ami our department of local news, noon aftor his advent, outstripped tljoso of all our contemporaries. Ward had one fault, howovor. Tlie social bowl possessed powerful attrac tions for liicn, anil it was too often evident that ho had been imbibing more freely than a sound judgment would dictate. Well do 1 remember when ho chose for liia theuie 'Dregs and Scum.' lie penetrated the viJost haunts of the lowest classes, and described their inhabitants in a wonderfully virid man ner. Their vices, their misfortunes, the bright spot in their lives, together with scraps of adventure and incident-exciting, amusing, and path etic-irero all treated with rare spirit and grace by his ready pen. Of course, iu this pursuit ho visited the resort of thieves, villains and desperadoes, and plunged into scenes against his safe exit from which there were many clmuces. Ward and 1, when at work, occupied a room by ourselves, while the managing editor and Bailey, his assistant, had another apartment just across the hall. One night about half-past oloven Ward said to me 'Well, Feasible. T guess I'll go out and see what I can nee. I've sent in n couple of columns, and Dobbin will be on the look-out to report if any thing turns up. I'll be back by half past one or two.' 'Ward,' I said, looking him in the fa:c, 'hadn't you better wait until to morrow night ?' 'Why 1 Oh, I know ; you think I'm not exactly well balanced. But I'm all right. I'minjnst the mood for it to-mglit, too.' 'Yos, you always arr, for that matter. Where do you propose to go to-night?' 'Down to ' The very worst place in the city ! The concentration of vile and desperate lawlessness ! .You're not in earnest Ward. You're not going there to-night, are you P' 'That's just where I'm going. You know their great mogul, Barney Buck, is awaiting trial for that highway rob bery, and I want to hoar their com ments. Jovo, won't it bo a treat I' .Well \Vard, 1 vould'nt go that's all 'Well Feasible. I don't want you to go. But I'm going. 'You may take this if you want it,' and I unlocked a drawer, and drew out a revolver. 'No, he exclaimed, laughing in scorn. 'You had bettor take it.' But he persisted in declining. 'Very well, have your own way. But bo cool and keep a sharp lookout and promise me one thing Ward that you will not drink any mora to night, at least, until you get back.' He had been slowly moving towards tho door, and now rushed out sud denly exclaiming with a laugh : 'All right.' After ho had gone I moved uneasily in my chair for some moments, and at last, with an effort, bent myself to tho work before me. Presently Bailey came in. ' Whcro is Sutfin ?' he asked. ' Don't ask,' I replied. ' Oh 1' he ex-claimed with a scowl, 'will he be gone long ?' ' Till half-past one, he said.' - ' Well, I hope he'll get back.' And with the last word the door swung to, as Bailey retired. I echoed an amen to his wish. We all liked AVard, and felt an interest in bim. He was so young, so bright, and capable of so much. My head was not clear that night I could not think straight, nor bring my energies to bear on the tasks before mo. So I took my meerschaum down from its shelf. Bcrapcd it out carefully, went to a private drawer, and filled tho pipe with some genuine Turkish tobacco that I kept on hand for rare occasions like the present one. I suspect it contained a liberal ad mixture of those fascinating, threacher ous drugs for which tho East iB famous, for its effect was always in desribably exhilating. Perhaps I took a more liberal allow-1 Mice than usual that time. I never I felt so keen or so fascinated by any ] work as on that particular night. I worked on steadily, untiringly, con scious of no effort, and completely absorbed in tbe tasks before rue My tasks were completed, with the Exception of one or two triiles, and I loanod back in ray chair and yawned Happening to look arount} I beheld the door oppn poiseiuesly, and Ward Sjutfin entered. It was 2 o'clock or after. 'What's the matter, Ward V I cried for there was a bright red wound on bis forehead, and every vestige of colour seemed to have failed from his face. 3Jo paid no attention to tny inquiry, but proceeded directly to his desk and sat down, lie walked with his usual quick stop, and immediately on seat ing himself took poncil and paper and bepan to write. . 'Ward, I say, Still ho did not reply. His pencil travelled over the paper rapidly. 'Ward !' I epolto loudly and sharply but ho paid 110 attention too my voice I concluded that lie was to absorbed. not to hear me-though that would not bo like hiir,. I felt curious to know bow lie had rnfioivcd tlio wound on bin forehead, which, howcvor, I concluded from his <:ni>l behaviour could be nothing eori ous. I look n nowspaper, rolled it up in a bunch, and throw it at his JICH.I1, thinking to utarllo him. Horror! Itsocuiedto go through him, and ho went on writinjr, a[i parmitly undisturbed. 1 gazed at him | spellbound. Finally bo throw down his pencil and arose. '.Sou here, old boy !' 1 exclaimed, upringiug up and starting towards liiin. Without oven HO mudi as Ino)(ing at m«, ho walked quickly to the door, opened it, HComod to nlido out, nud cloMHii it iioisnlossly after him. (ioing into the hull 1 cspcctcd to ovurtnko him, hut he was not in sight ran across to an office boy. 'Did you see Mr Sutfin just now ?' I as'iod. 'No, sir.' 'You did not ?' 'No, sir. There lia'n't been nobody hore.' 'How long have you bpeu hero ?' 'A few minutes.' Ward certainly just camo out horo from my room. .I didn't see him.' I was bewildered, I went to my room, and was just about to sit down to my tablo, when I bethought myself to examine what Ward had written. I wont to Mb desk and to my intense astonishment and horror, read the following ~ 'Murder-Mr W. SutSn, local editor this paper, came by his death at the hands of assassins shortly before two o'clock thiB morning. He had been attending-bb a spectator-an indig nation meeting, and, while leaving, was fallen upon by three ruffians, and severely beaten. One of the trio ac complished their murderous designs by striking a fearfal blow on his forehead with a small bar of iron. They loft his body in a cell in Pindie'o Alley.' A first I was so transfixed as to bo able only to hold the paper in tny hand And stare at it. I read it thrice over, scanning each word and letter in a horrible fascina tion. It was Ward's handwriting-there ?was no mistake about that ?, and Ward had written it-for I had'seon him. I poviiMssd uyioao. conclusion without dolay, and that was that Ward had been murdered, and that I had seen his ghost! The placo aoationed as the recop tacle of Ward's body must be searched immediately. I liid the paper down and went to the door. As I opened it ft gust of wind swept in, creating quite a commotion among tho papers. I sprang back to the table. Ward's raanusoript hud blown off with the rest, and I stooped down to look for it. Just then I heard Bailey's step in the hall, and I called 'Bailey ! Bailey ! Come in here, for Heavens sake ! 'What's up, FeasibleP I can't distinctly recollect, much less account for my manner on that night. 'It's just as I feared,' I said, still searching for the musing paper. 'What is it V 'Ward ' 'What of him ? 'He is killed,' .Ward killed ! How ? When F Who brought tho news ?' I suddenly paused in. my search, and stared him blankly as he asked the last question. ' Why don't you answer mo 1 Who told you ? Where is ho ?' ' In a cellar in Pinche's Alloy.' ' Who brought the news r Will you answer that ?' ' He brought it horo himself-or rather his ghost did,' I answerod doggedly. 'See here, Feasible." said Bailey, sharply, ' don't have any foolery on Buoh a subject. Are you joking, or are you not ?' 'Joking! No,no! I wish I was. But come on !' I seized him by the shoulder, and endeavoured to drag hitn towards tho door. 'Wo must find his body.' Bailey thought 1 wan out of my mind, and I did not blamft him, Ho disengaged himself from my grasp, and wheeled about, facing mo. 'Now tell me what you tiie&n;, he said sternly, with a voice and manner which brought mo back to coherency. In as ealra a manner as poBsiblo 1 related to him the eveuts of the few moments just passed. When I had concluded ho eyed me narrowly, and bis face boro an in credulous look. 'You don't believe me,' I said. 'But bo kind enough 10 help jno for a moment, and we will soon Ml0 paper. The wind Wq*V it o,n the floor, I felt rather chagrined, and was doubly anxious to find it. But it was not to bo founds We searched ever* nook and cjrl)6r ana or°r.med every stray fcoNp, 'It must have 'fjUwi' itvto the fire place, I tlicro are itB cnanrorl r^ruatDP !; 'res, I seo,' said Bailey, loo mo pityingly, «flut neverj night, Feasible. You had home and get rested.' 'You are trifling !' 'You don't believe tnoj spoken the tvulh, an olio else must go with i Bailey poohed, nnl penuado mo out of I made my way fa and was furnished fl two oQiccra. Soon we turned, iufl tt narrow, dirty lauo, Down into damp placiis and nests of filth wo pooreil, withdrawing from encti as Boon us wo hiul scamicil it throughly. At last wo found tlio dead body of Wnrd. ] looked first at tho forehand, whore there was a bright red wound, corres ponding precisely with the one I had ecDii on-what 1 The body was taken to the hospital, in ordnr to acertain whother or not lifn was extinct, The physician said ho muBt have been dead an hou<\ T thought, when I returned to 1 lie office, that Uiilny looked on mo with an expression akin to awe. I xpnrn all sickening dotaila of the xchomnnt that followed, of t.ho talk about my part of the tragedy, of the fruitless soarch for tho murderers. Afterwards Bailey made mo give him a more explicit account of the strange manner in which I received informa tion of tho tragic ovent. I do not attempt to give any ex planation of what I have related. Tho facts-or my memory of them -I have laid before you.' 