CAULFIEID TRAINIHC NOTES. Tlio hcautiinl weather which prevnilod on Mon- J3y morning renilcrci! an early visit to tko Caul- fiald racecourse exceedingly pleasant, althsujh tuo work performed on tko training track was not of a vory interacting nature. At tho pro- sont timo tlioro are nbotit aixty horars in training on tlio course, only a few of which, however, are »"Bago 1 in too chief events of tho approach ing season. . Of those atiil roroaining in r.u V t'op, Yntoiy, Tho Ghost, Nor- 'oik ami Camerino aro perhaps in the host 5\. i R through thoir preparation creditably. On Monday morning Cupola, wi;o, " ». "n0 form, was given- throo rounds at a ffiodcrato pneo, whilst Corbdanus, Sir Sannlel, fmocmian, First i . Pop ' anil Vialot ' rcatod . to similar exercise. J, 0. ltoid ' , rj10 Wh oat, Norfolk and Tumult sorvioeablo unn.i < 1 f-onple of rounds, all throe showing ? ., onn' Spartan strodo along at a good paco three rounds, and Oaraorino, Dargo, Ditto and David conducted thomsolvos qiiiotly .fpr a fow rounds. Tho following otbor h'orsps. wpro 'given, centlo work: — 1'nndBtlekor, Gildproy; Kgbprt, Tipplty Witebitt, Canute nnd Merry fonolla,,. ( On Tuesday, Connolly troatod NorolpUo.lci 'a' round and a' naif at a. good paco, ..'tlid filly np,- pouring to groat advantage, Tho Molbourno Cup horso, Cupola, looking blooming, wont several turns at a comfortable paoo, finishing up strongly and woll. Melodious, wlio is a worthy' sisfor, to Tlio Brokor, and a cundidito for Marlbyrnptig Plato honors, indulged in a . coupio .of Igpisjbn tho grass, finishing with a smart cantor up tho straight. Violot, iu company with 1'jrst Pop; was dospatched for it fow rounds at a modi j>m 'ijn,od, which was increased to a sharp cantpr pi th'p ond. Both theso animals aro looking very. v.-oll.,.pa plso, is Sir Samuol, who was pottering about |>y lum- eolf on the sand. . Mr. John Davis sont Dayid.and Ditto in company for a scrvicoablb gallop over 7 furlongs, Oaraorino' and Dargo boing tjeatqd.to similar work. Camerino is' at prcjien);' in oxcol- lont form, whilst 'tho condition of. David is fault- leas. Tho', Ghost whs Troattyf, ' to. ,..It»U paco with his staldo associates, Norfolk and Tumult. Tho Ghost is romarkabiy woll, hut Not- folk; who is also ongagod in tno (hip,, dooa hot show to groat advantago. Yalciy. wag- pout along for an cxtondor over about a railo , anil a half of grouiid, and acquitted himself iii aVory satisfactory mnnncr. Corlolnnusandthofiobominn wero companions, and took moderate exercise ; whi'st Umbcrto strodo along at a good rgto oncQ round, coming home fast, Gildoroy. was treated to tlirco rounds at a medium paco, Spartqn trav.orsing a slightly greater distance at a similar paco, Tho jumpors Voritas, Chester nnd S.vphon safoly hogotiatod a numbor of tlio fences in good style. Marry I'onella oxhikitod n raro tarn- of speed' over six furlongs, and Egbert and . Tipnity Witchett accomplished a rapid flight oyer. R'ltko distance,, Tlio Laird did slow work', as' also did, Nuncio and Burra Burro.' Although tho weather was gloriously lino, tho work porformod oil tho Caulfielil training ground on Wednesday wns limited. Toronto, Frionillors, Veritas and Zana wero sont for acouplo of turhB atamodorato paco on tho inuor track, whilst Syphon strode along by himsolf for tlirco usoful round 8. Tho Molbourno Cup candidalo Cupola was restricted to several turns at a slow rate of speed ; and Merry Fcnoila accomplished a Cbnplq of rounds in good stylo. Tho Ghost showod to advantage in a gallop occupying throo'roundi, the son of Hnmtct finishing remarkably wol1. Tho kurdlo and flat racer. ' 'Yrifoly, : who lookod in spleudid condition, was trbatbd to a fow rounds at a good sorvicoablo paco. Ho wont in a very taking manner. Melddidds, First Pop, Violet, Tho Bohemian, Sir -Samuol and Coriolanns indulged in moderate oxorciso, whilst Tumult, Norfolk nnd Nuncio comnlqtod' throo rouuds at slow paco. Tho four stable associates, David, Dargo, Ditto and Camerino, wore' likewise given medium paco work for novflral rqiindsofi tho centre tracir. Satoll'to nnd Spartan no'gb- tiatod throjj turns' at a fair paco," as did also Canute. -Tippily Witchottnnd Egbert porformod (isoful Work' in company, and Tandstickor wont n ioog distnnco at n fair rate of sjiood. " Tho rtr- maindor'of tho work done' was nnintbrb3tiog.,' ; - On Thursday, Tlio Gbo.t, Tumult and jforpolh, after a couple of .turns on tho grass at 'a m'odergfa paco, broko ' away together,, for a fast ppiii pf abdut thrco quarters of a mile, tho GgCat ,qni Tumult going particularly well. Tlio Ghost .is in great form. Yntoly did. a gentle ', cantor, and tlioh strodo along at a raro paco for niotc than amilein fino form, finishing strongly paid vgolf. . II i s atablo companion Umuerto .was jikowiso treated to a modorato cantor, with a sharp finish over a fow furlongs. Cupola, looking exceedingly forwnrd, partook of vigorous exorcise for sevorai rounds, nnd acquitted himsolf crodi'abiy. Aftor. traversing a conplo of rounds at a gonjlc pace, tho Maribyrnong Plator, Molodious,.saitod along for a fast half milo, pulling up well. Veritas, Syphon and Friondloss got through som.q , sorvico ablo work nt a modiurn paco; as also <|id Novoletto,' Tandstickcr and Gildoroy. Spartan followed up a gentle canter by running n, strong milo in a very taking mannor. Dargo aiia Camerino wero dospatclied for n few turna on tlio grass, winding up their work with a rapid, cantor for throe quarters of a mile, Thoir stablo ssso-. ciato3, David and Ditto, also accomplished' medium work, with a fust spin at the ond, both gotting over tho ground in first' class, stylo. Sir Samuel performed n good gallop, whilst Tho Bohemian and Coriolanns' woro re stricted to mild oxorciso. Ontario, in company with his stablo companion, Doccivcr, did a strong usoful gallop, Tlio Laird doing likowiso by 'him- , solf. Canute reccivod Borne school ing'over tho hurdles at tlio hands of King, and negotiated most of the obstaolcs in fair style, Tippoty, Wit chottnnd Egbert, both of whom look weji, workod together on tho grass, coming homo fgst' oror' thrao furlongs. . 