•if r«r IT — CO&BSSPONSENC;&. " R. lewis" writes:—"The accountgiven-by Mr. H. C. Bmnetin yaw isEue'tf-tbiB morning regarding my action in reference to the admission of the Press to tbe meeting of delegates of the South Australian Footoall Association to consider the disqualification of Boachock, is, if not a 'garbled' one, at least an incomplete one, as you will understand frota the following. ' On receiving Mr.* Burnet's circular on Wednesday afternoon, I did not expect there would be time to consult the feeling of my club in the matter, and personally having no objection to the Press being admitted, I wrote to Mr. Burnet, not apprehending that the members of my club would offer any objection. However, in the meantime I spoke to several of the members, and found that tbe majority of them considered that as the Press had never attended any previous meetings of tbe Association, and publicity had always been given to our proceedings, there was' really no valid reason whv on this occasion *ve should be compelled to admit them. Accordingly, as the majority of the members of the club took thiB view of the case, on Thursday I sent a second letter withdrawing my ccnsent and explaining the reasons. This second letter Mr. Burnet has .entirely suppressed; why, is best known to himself,; but if you will kindly insert tbe above explanation, you and the public will be able to judge whether my action in tne matter was not fully justified, and whether Mr. Burnet has not in an unfair and cowardly manner published an incomplete and entirely misleading statement of the facts for the purpose of prejudicing myself and gratifying his petty spite. Another thing I wish to call the attention of your readers to' is in a report ot the proceedings of that meeting supplied to you it was stated that Mr. H. C. Burnet was greatly surprised at my voting against the motion of the Press being admitted, which 'surprise' was never expressed at the meeting." " Investor" writes:—"On the topic of Companies and speculation I quote an extract from letter received, written by proprietor of one of the oldest establishments in London:— 1 ' As to mining and other such Companies they do not stand the ghost of a chance of support from the British public, who have been victimized by the most atrocious and plausible swindles, so that money is not forthcoming eve 1 for home railway works, and people prefer to let their capital Be in the Bank, or spend it, to the, chance of seeing so- called dividends and then a collapse with total loss. Shipping 1 has suffered much from speculation in singleship Com|»nies, which have existed for the benefit of managing owners. In fact public confidence is gone, and the Stock Exchange people are living by licking their paws like the bears.' Your Lon-'o*'. telegram—' Failure of the Royal Bank of Scotland to obtain capital in floating Melbourne Tramway Syndicate—is confirming evidence that honesty must be our policy if we as a communit wish to advance." " Enquirer."—They are second cousins. "J. B. A."—An answer to your question as it at present stands would involve a lot of labour ; but if you can let us have the name of the person oh whose account the property was sold, we should be able to give you an answer with but very little trouble. " C. S. E."—The width of the broad- gauge lines in South Australia is 6 ft. 3 in., and that of the narrow 3 ft. 6 in. The diameter of the broad-gauge carriage and wagon wheels is 3 feet, and of the narrow-gauge 2 ft 6 in.; but sometimes they vary in diameter as much as one inch or five-eighths of an inch. A description of Anderson's patent would occupy too much space, and has been published in our columns. 