FUN AND FANCY. -Philadeplphic Goll. A funny young man asked bis love the other day: “What’s the difference between me and a female sheep" and when his love gave it up the funny young man said, “Why, just the same difference na there ia between ewe and me." Unfortunately hie love didn't aee the jpke and now the fanny young mania veoti' luting his ewemor some otherwhere. A Chicago man wanted a divorce because hia wife persisted in singing hymns. The court just laughed at him, and be would have lost his case bad not the lawyer summoned the wife to the witness stand and started her- singing. At the fifth versa the court threw up the sponge, and the divorce was granted. A New York society note ssy«:—“On Fifth Avenue lives a lady who drives out every after, noon in a bonnet trimmed witli clusters of tiny green apples,” It is a decidedly strange freak of fashion, that of utilising !! bonnet as a phaton, and driving out ia.it—though some oi the bonnets worn at the theatres are plenty Urge enough for such a purpose.— Norristown Herald. What musical composer did the ghost in Hamlet call on when he spoke to his sou! "Liszt, oh Liszt,” of course,—Boston Budget. That is a Mozirt fun pun.—Wash. Hatchet. Note.—Who “ Letzs ” off such bad puns I S. F. Neva tetter. . "Gaza upon that pure, beautiful evening star, and swear to be true while its light shall shine 1 Swear, my love ! Swear by Venus I" exclaimed a Boston youth in impassioned acceots. " How stupid you are,” answered the Boston girl graduate, "That ia not Veuus, The right ascension of Venus this month ia 15 hours 9 min; her declination is 17 deg 25 min south, and her diameter ia 7700 Eng lish miles.” A plumber was sent for to the bouse of a wealthy stock-broker to execute some repairs. He was taken by the butler into the dining room, and was beginning bis work, when the lady of the house entered. "John,” said she, with suspicions glances toward tbs plumber, “ remove the silver from the sideboard, and lock it up at once.” Bat the man of lend was in no wise disconcerted. “ Tom," said he to bis apprentice, who accompanied him, “ take my watcb, and my chain, and these coppers borne to my missus at once. There seems to be dishonest people about this house.” “ said the professor to his medical students assembled in clinic, ” I have often pointed out to you the remarkable ten dency to consumption of those who play upon wind instruments. In this case now before us we have a well-marked development of lung disease, and I was not surprised te find, on questioning the patient, that be is a member of a brass band, "Now, sir,” continued the professor, addressing the consumptive, “ will yon pletss tell the gentlemen what instrument you play on f “ I blays on der drum,” says the sick mao. By a fortuitous concurrence of antagonistic lines, the Times one morning gave mothers the startling information that Joseph Glllott'a Steel Pons The Beat Food for Infants Is prepared solely by Savory and Moore —a hint as likely to be taken as that of a public benefactor who announced in the Stan dard: —“Incredible as ic may seem, I have ground to hope that half a glass of cold water, taken immediately after every meal, will be found to be the divinely-appointed antidote for every kind of medicine.” A seven-year-old girl living on West street, Danbury (says the News) ia a good reader and very fond of poetry, A few days ago a gentle man of 88 years called on her grandfather, who is Si years old. The little girl, wishing to entertain them, brought out her bosk of poems and selected one which she thought would please them, as it referred to old men,' entitled, “ What can an old man do bat die }” every verse ending with that cheerful Sentence. The hearty laugh that followed from the two hale and hearty old gentlemen satisfied her that her efforts were apprepiated, Mattbey Arnold calls a. cow a “ coo." He has a oowrioua style of pronunciation.—Nor ristown Herald. Tbs Inst seat in a Boston horse car had just bean taken, when a very pompons, nervous, old gentleman boarded it, and, casting hia eye around in search of a place, discovered that a little boy occupied the corner seat. The old gentleman approaching the youngster, said: " My good little boy you are younger than I am, and can stand a strain up your legs better than loan, for I have so much more to hold up. Won’t yon, like a good little boy, give me your seat?’ “Naw,” said the boy, : stonily gazing at the old gentleman. •* You should bn more polite my boy, and more oblig ing. You khow that if your father were to come in how and ask you for your seat- you •would give it to him.". "You batcher life I would,” answered the boy in a truly obliging spirit, "cause I wouldn’t ride in no car wid no ghost.” : A story is told of a provincial theatre in Ire land where Macready waa personating Vim ginius. In preparing for the scene in which the body of Deptatns is brought on the stage, ’the ‘ manager -o »lled-‘ the Irish attendahir-his propsrtyman—for ths bier. Pat responded to tbs call, at once, and soon returned, but.waa ie ceived : with S string of'anathemas for bis con founded stupidity.’ “The bier, you blockhead I", thundered-the manager, . " And aure, : _lau’t.. it heref” 'exclaimed' Pat, presenting the'highly polished'quart service. •■'. “ Not that, you stupid fellow ! I mean the barrow for Dsntatue.” I’Then why don’t you call things by their right ' name!” said Pat.' “ Who would imagine for a moment/you meant - the: barrow when you/ called for bear f’—Now Bells. /, , Little Girl—“ Papa, did; mamma say yea to you, right off.when^you.-asked-; hereto-misery you ?” Papa—"Certainly* she did.” li. Q.— " Why don't ahe;<eashyea now,'juat aa quick when yon ash. her to do'things!” Papa— . *' Vaanu'i hearing ia not togood now, darling —thil’a all."' 