general gordon's new book. REFLECTIONS IN PALESTINE. By Oiiaiii.ks Gkohue ii nimnw. General Gordon spent a twolvo- montha holiday in Palestine, and of this period thoso Reflections are tho toiult. With thoBiblo iu hia hand, with tho nacrod hintoiians and I ho prophets for his only guides, ho wunt I, p £" . ,J L1 -11-114 01 '«on, co:iuo iViouut Moriab, and tho Mount of i)livosf swopt th« oncurabotcd slopes cloar of debris in his mind's oyo, and sottlod tho sacred nitoa on certain postulates ho hod uccoptod. Ho lind>< a atroug presumption, to say tho leant, for tho silo of tho Oiucifixion from tho geographical condi tions which would givo tho fulloht mjsti.-ul moaning to tho groat sacriiico of tho Atouu- rnonti Then, again, ho has drawn out tho oxuet diagram of tho internal nrrangomout of thoTcmplo. Uoplacostho ark of tho cove nant, the candlostick. tbo lablo of bIiow- bread, Oio., and ho fixes Ihoir places from mfcaimremunts given in tho Biok of Kings, Ao., by two natural sites which ho boliovos nro to bo abpnluUly idontifiod. Ono of tho-e ia tho altar of burnt offerings, tho othor is tho lavor or brazen soa. At to tho altar, bo nueorta from aualogios iu calculation that it wns pnitly founcd out of a living rook which inay still ba soen. While tho brazon sea of St'lomon, brokott up aud carried away, was replaced by tbu fountnin of Kl JCa, "Tho CnUph who croctcd tho fountaiu Eff K vs ap- pGnrn to have intended it to occupy tho Haino placo as tho lavnr, and to hold about tho huuio ipiautity, KI Kna moanw ' Tlio Obitlioo.' " True to hia governing principle "tint all Soripturo is givou by iaapirntion of God, and consequently of iiuding meitnaut annlogies uud barans in tho Old iMtauicnt uarrativo, ho s;-t out from too Fall, showing 11 a poofdblo analogy batvvsoatho three days of cioation and our own lives.'' That " possible unalogj'," which ho really takes for grouted, lios at thn root aud hoait of bis subsequent niattor. Firnt catne chaos, whoro good wan miugiod with ovil aud the light waa hold captive to tlio darkuess, Second, a stuto of light, Tliird. light HepAratad from tho dark ness, and good eoparnteu from ovil. Fouclli, " A ghthoiicg— Rood gathered, ovil dcatroynd ; light gathered, darknoia doatrnyed." Ho adds lost, uutoHs wo understand that norlos of ovonts, the remarks that follow wijl bo iucninprohom siblo ; and bo goos on t:» dovolap somutiiiug like thn PorHian myth of thn i>erpstual warfare between good and ovil. He maintains that tbo scattering of light in the darkness— that is., tho temporary or upparout triumph of ovil— reality intends to the final victory of tho light, sinco it is winnowing tho darknoBa of such light as may ba in it. With good moo, bo far as wo understand him, though thoy are necessarily committed to a struggle with ovil, each successive and iosvitublo discomfituro, it retrieved, lands thora on bighor and ovorboforo ground. And "this in thu history of evory man's life; of evory day's work of man, of tho world, of onch nation, of tho Church, of ovcry raomberof the G'burcbjilio threshing Jloor." In tho roilections on tho BncramontB, again, Gordon always goes back to material types, by way of iuterproting and oxplainiog spiritual operations. 1 Io may bo a myotic, ho mny bo an onthusiast, yot tho praoticsl sido of bis intellect must have somothing tangiblo to arguo from ; junt as in fixing tho sites in tho prccints of tho Templa I10 makeH his start from tho solid rook and perennial spring. Thus, man fell by eating tbo applo ; ho roccivod n foroign and poisonous substsnco, iu the ohnpoof tho forbid den fruit, into a body that had hitherto boon ptiro and spiritual ; so corruption c uao of hi- corruption, bringing diBonson and death in it< train. Man was dead ; baptism rovives him from death ; and in partaking of tho Holy Communion, thy fruit of tho trc-o of life bo- coiaeu tbo antidote to tha deadly poison nf the troo of good and ovil. " Wator imiBt bo tho connection baptism with somo ovont prior to tlio Fail, und that ovont is the OroAtinn." "In the begin- ning God created hoavous and earth, and oarth was without form, and void, and the Spirit of God moved on tho face of tho waters," And in baptism the Spirit, always giving lifo, is moving as of old on tho faoo of tho water. We said that Gordon's very con- ciences is somewhat confusing, and at first it struck us from the tenor of his reasoning that he was opposed to infant baptism. But, on the contrary, he holds to it very strongly, though, as is frequently the coho, we follow liirn to bis ooDolusion through a rather fine drawu and far-fetched chain of thought. "Bap tism signifies tho burial of a dead tiling which caunot inovoo! itiolf, A babo is (load as far as iU will, &q.;, are coucoruod, and when it is figurativ«ly buried in baptism by boliovore, thoro is reason to suppose- indeed, our faith in God obliges ui to boliovo —that it will riso in Christ," It is Gordon's idea, we may remark, that as the earth once lay dead under a dark waste of waters, so baptism is meant to cover man with water as the figurative acknowledgement of his death. Two are Gordon's views on baptism and the Fall respectively :— Baptism. IVFan was left in Guuesis doad-from oating tbo applo ; baptism raises him from tho doad, nnd Holy Oommuuion givco him of the troo of lifo. Enting connects tbo Holy Communion with the trco of kuowledgo of good and ovil. Tho bittory of man is oroation, eating, death; resurreotion, or rt generation, eating and lifo eternal. Somehow I think both baptism and H-dy Communion Imvo very much to do with tbo body, for tho elements in each saoramont nro iuBoparablo from tbo body, tho elements in ono cano caeo being oxtornally, iu tbo othor intemully applied. 1 oxpost that as water retains in itself tho imporities of things placed or washed in it, bo tho font retnicn the guilt of sin. It does not Boom us if tho Holy Ghost used tho water . was a vchiclo fmtbor thau us rendering it cfficactoas to remove tin, for it was when Josus (who, though ho hnd no sin, was man at His baptism) roso oat of water that tho Holy Ghott descended on Him. God is not boned to baptism, for John tho Baptist was ' fillud with tho Holy Ghost from hia mother's womb, aud Cornelius rccoivcd tho Holy Ghoa t bef nro baptism, Bdlieverago into tbo font as sous of Adam, and emerge or son« of God. Connection uktween this Fall of Man and ilui.v Communion. I nm going to work out tho Fail for you. ' Ttco of knowledge of good and ovil"— troo of lenrniug what is to bo kuown of good nnd ovil. By oating of this trco man bocaino as God, for God said, " Behold man is becowo as ono of us, to know good aud ovil," whoro " bocomo" ia from the Hebrew, "to experience the same as," " to become like," to be "made." This is romarkatle, for it would imply that though man was made in the likeness and image of God, tlio faculty of knowing ovil, though it must bavo beeu present, was not dovolopaa in him huforo his eating. Angels and dovils could novor bo said to navo becomo like " onu Of UH." Iliid Kvo nevor oaten wbat was forbiddon ehn never could hvvo Ivon worked in by tho spirit of disobedieuce, Katan ; and, look at it as you will, tho reflection must strike us that by tbo faot of her oating ubo admitted Satan to enter aud work iu her. There can bo no doubt but that Evo's oating of tbo forbiddon treo was a fellowship with .Satan first, became 3atan was with her; fpcondly, because it was not in fellowship with G od ; thirdly, bucauno it was with tho spirit of dirobediouco. Mon may say that it in absurd to think that tbo faot of oating a fruit oocld have oausod euch vast effect to tho wholo butrmu raco ; but it must ba ooutidorod that iu Evo were all tuunkind, and thus if her body did oat and acsiuiilato a substance forbiddon. and con- sequontly ovil, so did those hcroblldren do tho samo, (or the poison would affeot every por tion of her body; tho fruit was tho vohiola of thovirus of ovii, I thereupon say distinctly that tho morel poisoning loan ac uired wns from tbo actual anting of a fruit which was' forbiddon, that this fruit .was the oausooftho poisoning, that had it not boon eaten tbo poisoning would never iato taken place ; ala i - I -liV that it wns tho body off a mau vvtiioh was poisouod, nnd not the soul, Ahich, liowovor, beaumo dorinaut, or dead, owing to its oneness with tho b idy ; and on which body the sentence of death was pro- nounced: "In the day thoa oatoot thoroof thou Hhalt nurcly die." Thut the body was iho offoudrr, tlmt the body was tainted, oau bo ceeu by tho sentence, "For dust thou art, unto oust shalt thou roturn. for out of tho ground wast then takou," whiob could uot bo said of thn soul which wai breathed into mm by God, and whioh was. thoroforo, divino. 1 Imvo, I thiuk, OHtnblinhed tho puisctiing of mankind. I will try and oxplam my buliof rci-iieuting tho autidoto. In natnro, if a pniaon is taken into tho body, iu whioh it npraid it virtw, to uoutralisoit an autidoto inustbottkon into tho noma body, iu which it must spra&d; its limiting effect", Iu uaturo man does uot troublo himself, if poisoned, as to how and in what way tbo autidoto will work ; bo may not know huw it may work, uor how tho poison iio Miffoin from hiiH worked ; it is enough for htm that ho Buffers aud wishos hi ouro. Ho takes tho antidote io truivt, jaot as ho may havo taken tho poison in truat ; for, as a rule, ho does not try nod poison hiuimlf. Now. annlogouato tho "Thau an alt not not" — tho words God spako to mau at tho fir t— a. -a almost tho last words of Obrbt to his die- 'cirdop, and through thorn to tbo world — "Take, oat, thm is My body." Hero, then, i« im aotual eubstnuco (broad) to bo eatou. takon into tbo poinonod body, Assimilated with it, uub whioh actual RUbdtinca is bidden to |ki oaten by Christ, nnd is tho veliicloor con duit by which Ohust imparts Hia divino ntliibuion in that poiHoned body; just ua much oh tho fmbiddon fmit wau tho vchiclo or conduit by which Satan i raj mi tod his o\il attrihuii-fi to that body aud poUonad it.— Hume Aim. 