ir¥ THE PICTURB. ; (Continued^: 4* ^ ,j ChaptbrIII, What I took to be the ohampion'B brain! flew horribly before the discharge; the air was all smoke, a heavybodyruahod-between the Marquis and me, and drove us apart, and the door of the condemned passage was slammed. M. De Grouoy Btrode into the room; I followed him. Thesmokebegan"to clear, and all things were visible as in a mist j —patches of hair floated about, mowed by the bullet off. the:champion's .skull. I " Irfine leaned against the mantel-piece I white as a ghost; but only her body crouched, j and that not. much ; her haughty head was erect, and her eyes faoed us, shining super naturally. The Marquis, stout as be "was, sank into a chair and trembled. , " 'How did that man get inhere ?' said he, hoarsely. "' I let him in by the condemned door,' said she, pale but unninohing. ' Can not yon see that 1 love him.' "•you love that canaille ?' groaned the Marquis. "' I love that young man, because he is a man, and has all the virtues .that belong to his humble condition. He earns liiB bread, and I shall be proud to earn mine with him. But it' is you and this gentleman who have hastened things ; you were forcing me and hurrying me into a marriage without love. No misery, no degradation, can equal that. That is why 1 called him to my aid. I placed myBelf under his protection.' " ' I will kill him,' said the Marquis to me, with deadly calmness. | " She came forward directly and folded her armB before him. ' Then you will kill my honor; for he is my lover; I belong to him.? "At that audacious avowal the Marquis rose like a tower and lifted his hand to fell her to the earth. - But he did not strike her. Better for her perhaps if he had ; for words can be more terrible than blows. "'Since you can fall no lower,'said he, ' marry your peasant, and live on his dung hill with him. . Vou are no child of mine I banish you, and I disown you, and may God's curse light on you and him for ever !' "Then for the firBt time her proud head drooped upon her hand, and that hand upon the mantel-piece. ' You will forgive me one day,' Bhe murmured, faintly. " ' Forgive you ?' said he, with unutterable scorn; ' I shall forget you, You are no more to me now than the dirt I walk on. Come, my son, my only child.' He took my hand and drew me away. He never looked back ; but I cast one long, miserable glance on her whom it was my misery to love and hate. Her white wrist rested on a high chair, her head was bowed, yet her fearless eyes did not turn from us. She was beautiful as she stood there half cowed by a father's curse; as beautiful as she had been in her scorn, in her ire, and in her happy reveries when her lips parted with that happy smile, and a tender fire glowed in her dewy eyes." Whilst the narrator paused, and we sat silent looking at the picture, Suzon came hurriedly in, with tears in her eyes, and told the curd Catherine was very ill indeed, and begging to see him. He rose directly and accompanied her. "You had better sleep here," said my uncle; "your bed is always ready, you know." " With pleasure," said he. As soon as the door had closed on him I remarked, .rather peevishly, that I never knew an interesting story allowed to proceed without a whole sy&tem; of interruption. The ciders bmiled at my. impatience. M. De Pontarlais suggested that perhaps I felt those interruptions more than others. My uncle said, " We must take good men as they are, and thank God for them. I have known him fourteen years, yet never quce to negleot a sick per ,on for any personal gratification ■ whatever." Then, I remember, I was half ashamed of myself, aud said I venerated the good cure and loved him dearly, and if ho would stay ■with Catherine, well and good ; but he would be coming back in a few minutes, and it was this perpetual va^et-vient that was breaking my heart and the thread of the only beauti ful story I had ever heard told by word of mouth. "Calm yourself, my young friend," said Monsieur De Pontarlais ; '' ])]y story is nearly ended. '' The Marquis compelled me to leave him, after a while, and seek repose. I could not find it; I raged with fury ; I sickened with despair; I loved and I hated. This is the world's hell. "The first thing next morning Mademoi selle Donon come to the Marquis and me, in tears, and told us she had heard all, but im flored us not to believe one word against rine's honor. She could only, until that fatal night, have spoken to the man at the village fetes, or from the balcony of the parterre, forty feet above the ground. ' Poor inexperienced girl,' said she, ' how should she measure her words ? She did not know what she was saying.' " 'The pupils of Rousseau have not much to learn,'was the grim reply. " The next minute Pierre came in and told us mademoiselle had left the house with a bundle in her hand, aud dressed like a pea sant girl. I started up; but the Marquis laid a hand of iron on me. ' Let her go,' said he. ' Let her taint a peasant's home ; she shall not dishonor mine. Her own mother should not keep her if she was alive and went on her knees to me.' " This was the end. I stayed that miserable day, and then the Marquis sent me home. I told him that I should tell my father our tempers were irreconcilable, his daughter's and mine. _ " ' What I tell .a lie about her V said the iron noble. * Tell the truth, my son, and re tain my love.' " Well, that difficulty was solved for me, I reached home in a high fever, and it soon settled on my brain, and I was insensible for weeks, : "I recovered slowly, and it. was many' mouths ere I could walk. Ah,.fatal beauty! you nearly killed two men : the blackguard you adored with all those queenly airs of yours—a bullet grazed his skull and ploughed his hair to the roots;.and all through you the gentleman you despised lay at death's i door many a day." Our friend the cur<5 came in as these words I were spoken. He looked very grave, and I Baid that he must stay the night. Catherine was, ho feared, a dying woman. She was asleep just now, but a Bleep of utter exhaus tion. My uncle was much concerned. He got up directly to go and see his fathful servant, and thestory was interrupted agnin, as I had fore-1 Been, and the conversation turned on poor Catherine aud her humble virtues till my. uucle returned, looking very glum. Then •°ame 'u bearing a huge silver bowl, and this waB speedily filled with wine, sugar,, lomon and spices—a delicious and fragrant compound. . ^ ",'a8 'a("L'd out in our glasses, and under; Us influence I took courage, and implored tho unt fiuish the story. He consented at: once, but Baid it would have little interest! npp'e G "dW' e'DOe ''le Pr'uc'Pa,l figure had dis I lay a long time between life and death, and even when X was out of danger my mind \vns confused and troubled. However, by. degrees I recovered a certain dogged calm of nmo, and, indeed, since then I observed in other victims of the tender passion that a irain-f ever from disappointed love either kills ii V* ^ or ourcs the heart. f ,, ',onS nod dangerous illness was , a, Por'0(' of bodily weakness,'; which those about'me seemed leagued together to know nothing about the family of oucy. No doubt they had their orders. 'At laafe cne d»^, , askedjny frthjk with f«_ he *till <&rnWpfipded; jptfi ■ Marquis de <Jrouoy, - ~ " ' Yes, my son,' was his reply. ' He is in England. He has mid hii property and emi •grated, He-oamebere on-hit w&y.and; wept over you ; bat you did not know him.' This made my tears flow. After a while I said, ' Father, she whom I loved so dearly—oh, ■father,'! can bear anythlngnoWjlell me. h^^'sbte^haa come' tet her needs a friend to flaVeherfrom' that wretch.' " ' Frederick," said .my father, firmly, ! be a man; forget that woman; She iti not worth a thought. She haschosbnher dunghill; let her lie on it.1 Then, as I,persisted in begging him to. tell me something about her, hesaid, ' I will tell you this much; .you'haVe no be trothed. my poor frieqd has no daughter, and his noble .race is extinct.' " After that Imaintaineda sort of sad and gloomy silence, and all those who really loved me flattered themselves I had forgotten her; but now; after so many years, I own to you, Monsieur JWddrio, that her beauty and her voice and the love 1 bad given her haunted me, and were an obstacle to marriage, until celibacy became too. fixed a habit. Even now, in the decline .of life, .my heart thrilled at the sudden Bight of her shadow there, the life like image of one I loved too well." This set us all gazing at the portrait, and the cur<5 in particular got up and examined it very closely, and with a puzzled air. But] still thirsted for more. "Surely," said I, " in the course of all these years, you must have heard something more about her 7" " Not a word." ■ " Made some inquiries 7" "None." "At least, sir, you know whether She is alive or dead 7" "No, I do not." • Then I began to bemoan my ill fortune. "Oh, sir," said I, " when you began your beautiful etory 1 felt sure 1 should hear-all about her, and where she is now ; but you lost sight of ,ber when she was no older than 1 am, and there you drop the curtain, and all is dark. It is all over now; nobody will ever tell me the story of her life; nobody knows anything about her." ' 'You are mistaken," said the cur6, gravely. " I know a great deal about her." " Is it possible 7" I cried, wild with excite ment. " Oh, how fortunate I Ah, my dear friend, tell us all you know." "Not so, Monsieur Fr6d<5ric. I must not tell you what I know as her confessor and direc tor, but I will tell you all that I have a right to tell. Alaa l it is a Bljort but terrible his tory. "Well, then, for many years before I came here I had a cure on the other side of the mountains, and amongst my parishioners was a family of farmers called Flaubert. The head of it was a widow woman, who farmed a little freehold with great ability and keen ness, and kept the house with strict economy. She had two sons and their wiveB under the roof. " The elder took after her, was prudent, laborious, and married a young woman who had a piece of land and a bit of money, and was also a managing woman. She had two children, and no more. The other son was a young man spoiled early in life by his physi cal gifts. He was of colossal size, yet could run like a deer, and dance like a faun. A first-rate shot, a poacher, and the champion wrestler of the district. Indeed, he was called 'the champion'even in his own family, and' they were proud of him three or four times a year, when he brought home prizes from ■ the fairs; the rest of the time they blushed for him. This young man's wife was a person you could not fail to remark. -Her figure was stately and erect; her carriage graceful,. As to her face, it had not the bloom of youth and beauty which illumines thatiovely picture. Seven years .of peasant life and the hot sun of Provence bad tanned her neck and arms, and a discontented mind, wbich never looked to religion for comfort, h.-.d inibittered her very face. I remember that eveu then a deep line crossed her fore head, and her.cheeks were hollow, compared with that plump beauty, and her throat was not a smooth column like that. But, now I think of it, her hands, though brown with exposure, were shapely, and not like a pea sant's, and her eyes and eyebrowB were really superb, and her forehead and face were white and smooth as ivory. Yes, I can just be lieve that this picture was like her in the flower of her youth. Only, as I said before, when I first saw her she was hardened by labor, bronzed by the sun, withered, as I now learn, by a father's curse, and soured by in fidelity. " The Flaubert family lived a quarter of a league from the village, and I saw the wife Michel about, more than once, before I epoke to her. Her appearance and carriage were' so striking that I made inquiries about her of the villagers with whom I had already made acquaintance. " ' Oh ! the fair peasant I' said one. ' The countess !' said another, in coarse derision of her superior ; and they told me she was the daughter of a red-hot aristo, who had fled to England because she married a peasant for love. They gave me plenty of details, and yon would smile if you heard the vulgar romances each narrator constructed on her' true story, which, nevertheless, was romantic enough. ■ ■ ■ " The widow and her eldest daughter at tended mass, and I conversed with them. In i due course I asked the widow if she had not' another daughter-in-law. j "The two women looked at each other, and shrugged their shoulders. ' Yes, I have, ' sir,' said the widow,' to my misfortune* ' > Shall I not see her at mass ?' " 'Let us hope not; for she would only come to yawn or to mock. She is a pagan, I; believe, amongst her other qualities. " ' Perhaps she attends to the home whilst you are out 7' "'She attend to the home 7'. and both j wopien laughed • heartily >at the idea—so j heartily that the younger thought it peces-' sary to make an apology. The elder chimed in and iswd. in the sly way of a: Provencal peasant, ' If her outside has interested M. le curt':, I oan give him a picture of her this mo- . ment. She is sitting over my fire, burning! her petticoat, with her hands lolling by her' sides, making useless embroidery, or else in; a pure reverie. As for her household occupa-i tion, she is either letting'the pot boil over: or get ooH. I could not Bwear which; 'tis1 but one.or t'other.' ■ ' i "Of course.I ohecked these remarks, and lectured upon Christian charity. My die i course was received with respectful silence, but my hearers seemed turned into wood. "Some days after this I wbb caught in a heavy rain, and the nearest shelter was the farm-houBe of the 'Flauberts. I knocked at the door; no^no'tice was taken ; I khooked again; a light footstep, and the door was. opened by Madam Michel. She did not re ceive me hospitably. She said, in broad Pro vencal, ' There is nobody in the house,' and she held the door in her hand. Then I tried her in French. ' Madam,' said I, 'I am wet through,.and if I could,..without incommod ing you—' " ' Do me the honor to come in,' said she, with perfect accent a"d the most graoeful courtesy. She seated me by the fire, aud we entered into conversation. I believe we con versed about trifles, and I could not help ad miring her grace and courtesy, and the French language,-the'language of politeness, whioh had at once recalled her to her native good breeding. She spoke it exquisitely, not withstanding the little use she now made of it. '"I forgot all our small-talk; but I re member at last that she fixed her eyes full upon mine and said, ' Monsieur, why did you speak to me in French?' r .-i1 .. , - . " I answered her lionbttljf»Mnd withgome ,9106011. * Because, m^iwkJt Wfi>S>Nyip»r S017 frpm others'ther palawwltoolsred1 at that), ' tod.to be ^aite mmaJfere hoping, b^my advice and authority, to make matters smoother and more pleasant in this -house.' " 'You would but waste your,lime.Vaaty she. ' These people hate me with all their hearts, and I despise them with all my soul. "Matters have oome to such a'pltoh that we endure each other only because we are about to part. My husband is heir to a small eunr of money, and he has purchased a cottage and a few acres, that are sold very cheap, belong*, ing to en (Smigr& We.shall dorery well woen we are done, "' You have my best wishes? said I; 1 but I am afraid you are too little accustomed to the hard life'of a working fanner ; and even your husband has never learned to dig and mow. and labor like his brother: his tastcis appear to be for pastimes and gamin atod— '< ' You need not mince the matter,* said she ; ' he is lazy, and, worse JBtill, he is fond of'drinking ana gambling. But it is all his mother's fault, with'her weak indulgence; and now she enoourages him to desert his home out of her jealousy of me. "Once I get him away from this vile woman he will stay beside me, and lead an honest, industrious life, as I shall for his sake.' "I knew Michel was hardened fn hie ill habits, and that love could not convert him without religion. I thought'it my duty to tell her so. The woman frofce directly, and when I urged my views she encountered me with all the cold infidelity and satire of thjp unhappy age. She was armed at all points by Messrs. Volney, D'Alembert, Voltaire, and others, 'and by her own self- confidence. So I told her I would not argue with her, but pray for her. " 'Do you believe prayers are heard ?' said she, ironically. " I told her I thought earnest prayers were always heard, and sometimes granted. "' Well,' said she, • the most earnest pr&yer; I ever heard was when my own father cursed me and my husband. Will God grant that?" " ' Not against your souls,'said I. "She shrugged her shoulders, as much as to Bay the exception was of very little value; and I left the house defeated and sad." "And I answer for it you kept your word, and prayed for-this perverse creature,'«aid my uncle. " ' With sill my heart and sonl,' replied the good cur<5. {T* be continued.) 