VICTORIAN AkIATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. TuE Victorian Amatoour Turf Club hold a suceesslul mueeting at Caullfield on Saturday last. The weather was favourable, the atteudance good, and the sport first-class. The first event was the !Hurdle Race, for which there were eight starters, and which was won by ocrri, with Concord second, and Musidora third. Time, 3 min. 37t sees. Thu Victorian Gold Cup, which came next, brought out the very smnall field of three horses, and Fickle, who started at even money, lhad a very easy victory, as Black Jackeot stopped in front of thle grand stand, and Gilderoy baulked persisteutly on the hill past the stand, and though evenoutually hogot round ho was never within half a mile of the winuner. For the Ladies' Trophy, the large field of 31t horses started, and The Ghost singled out when they had travelled about one-third of the dist-uce, and led home a winner by a length. Primus came with a fast rush at the last moment, but it was too late to bo ellffective. Had he got through the horses a littl earlier he would have troubled The Ghost. It is a somewhat odd coincidence that this race was won last year by a horse named The Ghost. Time, 1 min, 20 seoe. A fine field of fifteecn started for the Stoeplechase, which, after a magnificent race, in which the jump. ing could not be excelled, resulted in an exciting win by a neck, Stampede being the victor. Fickle, who ran second in this race, had just previously appro priated the Victoria Gold Cop. The third place waso taken by Australian Court. Time, 4 min. 31l sees. The last event on the card, the ltichmond IIandicap, was easily appropriated by Black Dliamond, from a fine field of sixteen, Primus being second, and Lyons Lady third. The only unfortunate incident of the day occurred in this race, Burton, the jockey of Lesbia, being seriously hurt, owing to his horse falling over Duenna and throwing the rider heavily. The forthcoming Arab race at Newmarket, which is to come off on the 2Ind prox., furnishes the text for an article by Mr. W. S. Blunt in the Ninetoeenth Century. The writer sketaches the history nad maein features of the brood, and predicts that if tel event should prove to be a success, the project of Arab breeding in England will receive its final sanction from the Joclkey Club by the contest being made an annual occurrence. IIe states that his own experi. monts have far exceedod his expectations; and that his first sale of pure Arabian stockl, two years ago, brought in an average result of a hundred anud lifty guineas for each of the animals sold. In short, his concluding advice is that all who have £500 a year to spend on happiness, should lay it out in the breeding of Arabs. llerIt Snoo'tINo.--On Saturday alterncoon the members of the Voluntoeer Iiflo Association com. polted for a number of citizens' prizes at the butts. Tho conditions were seven shots eachl at 500 and 600 yards. The day was fine, and some large scores wero made. The veterans, Captain Blacksehaw and Sergeant Morris, wore once more to the front-the former malting 2I and 30 at each range ot of a possible 35. The handicappors againl brought tho prizo-winners in the first class close together, i points separating the lowest wiueur fromn the top scorer. The shooting in the second class also showed a decided improvement. The fol,\ lowing obtained prizes in caoh class: -- First classe-Captain Blackshaw, W. Davies and Co.'a prize, biscuit-barrel; Sergeant Morris, W. S. Foxall's telescope and duplex; Corporal Fowler, WV. T. Wood's, value 151 ; Sergeant Shorring, W. Walker's, value 10/; Corporal Cassidy, AldermaOn Richardson's. Second class-Private Dawson, W. MIartin's prize, eight-day clock; Private Graham, 1. HI. Johustone's meerschaum pipe, value 21/; Privato A. Gooloy, WV. Mills's, value 15/; Private BIickly, Alderman Osborne's, 10/; Private Christie, C. Thompson's, clock; Private Bailey, thirty rounds ammunition. The following aroe the complet?eo scores:-: lhodeo ,,oCseod OOOsa bU0 Ceplol Eurlocl~eoo~c .... 0 98 8 · ScrceautOMeurris........ 9 7 Corpor~al rowlero....... 0 29 26 Cergewult Shorting...... C o l'risatoslholnl?o l! .... 5 l Private Comber........ d !9 .16 triesso tO. Ose.... · 1 c e'rixeloseeIs~y.... I ' 1 l'rivato Ionoao y ........ . ? 15 ? 'rivttto J. Cool,,r ...... Prioato H. INesoneo...... 2 19 7 Prit? J.eLecs ........ 9 -e l Psnoon Cil..oS0: cc Pllmat Daws .......... 9) ,0 97 G?. l'r~·itoimblu....1 i ' l e'rlcoso 5. 5oefey .. . ·1 00. s o l'rino e ilc y .......l 5 1. 13 'riotuO Chrislie........ 5 51. 1to 50 'riv.u.......loy .......... a 18 V7 t Y I'rirvat?l~igw\Fvd ........ ]? S1! : l'ri¥1tu. 1", \Vight ...... ?U 1 S L *'rivato lllrcll) " ...... to Is 1 0 0i ts ie too Psiateo T.0Ncls-n ...... 0 10 14 se Pri*toBlatcsordt...... 0 14 1 Colot·crioFot ;Ileut .. 8 5 9 1 burn Football ?,lb and a like number of. St. Patriok'o ,j.l~t?'CioOlIurn ' tean were captaindd by Baker and the Colleogiaus by Dwyer. The game resulted in a viclor for the college tcam, who scored nial pointos to thoir opponents' two. Loughuneo tickied two gUoal for tho colleg; oeu wao a ploce Iick, tile olhcr wunu a drolp kickl frolu the ll eld a wls u n o eollou prformance. Baoker obtained a try for tlh ioutlburn team. It would bo well if spectators would keep outsido the bounds, as Iheir cruowdilg o0, the laors greatly iuterferes witll theo iy, anud on this ccos iou Boilt a try or bLehllf of the CGoulbuin club. 