OCCASIONAL NOTES. MAILS for the Australian colonies, for transmission by the s.s. Franklin, will be made up at the General Post Office on Saturday next, at 1 Pm. WE are requested to draw the attention of our readers in the Eastern Districts to the important sale of stock advertised by Mr. Harley, to take place at York, on the 12th instant, particulars of which appear in our business columns. THE steamer Franklin, which arrived at Fremantle yesterday, brought three days later news from Adelaide. The only item of interest we notice in our exchanges is a rumour current in Adelaide that Sir Henry Wrenfordsley is " the coming Governor of a neighboring colony." IN connection with the approaching annual meeting of the W.A. Turf Club, we have been requested to draw the attention of owners of horses nominated for the Ladies' Purse to the fact, pointed out to us by the hon. secretary, that a mistake has occurred in advertising the distance for this race. The right distance is a mile and a half, and not two miles as appears in the advertised programme. THE annual show of the W. A. Agricultural Society held at Guildford yesterday was a very successful affair. The weather being delight- fully fine, and the afternoon being observed as a half-holiday both at Perth and Fremantle, there was a large attendance of visitors, from those places, and also from up- country. A report of the show, and of the speeches at the dinner last night, shall appear in our Saturday's issue. THE following nominations have been received for the W.A.T.C. meeting of 1885 : Hordern Handicap-War Cry, Richmond, Rocket, Barley Brae, Secundus (late Hermitj, Squatter, Lady Blanche, Young Banker, Hero, Satyr, and Steeltrap. Metropolitan Handicap War Cry, Richmond, Rocket, Glentromie, Barley Brae, Hermit (Secundus), Sinbad, My Lord, Lady Blanche, Weasel, Hero, Young Banker, Squatter, Satyr, Steeltrap, and Greenbush. Ladies' Purse War Cry, Rocket, Glentromie, Barley Rreo, Hermit (Secundus), Sinbad, My Lord, Lady Blanche, Weasel, Young Banker, Hero, Squatter, Satyr, Steeltrap, and Green- bush. PROFESSOR ROSE made his debut at St. George's Hall on Tuesday evening, before a very numerous audience, whom he succeeded in alternately amusing and mystifying for a couple of hours. He makes no pretension to super- natural agency, though some of his performances include the same manifestations which impos- tors have credited to the spirits. Owing to a portion of his stage apparatus having been carried on, by the Lubra, to Champion Bay, the professor has postponed his next performance until Monday evening, by which time he hopes to have his * property returned, and to be in a position to give an entire change of programme, including a fresh combination of ' marvels and mystery.' WE have received from the hon. secretary of the Horticultural Society a list of the prizes awarded at the Society's late show. An incomplete list we furnished at the time, and the remainder of the awards reach us rather too late for their publication to prove of general interest. The hon. secretary states that the delay has occurred in consequence of the neglect of exhibitors to comply with one of the Society's rules, which directs that entries must be forwarded two days previous to the show. Non compliance with this rule on the part of some of the leading exhibitors necessitated alterations in the arrangements at the last moment and caused some little consequent confusion and delay. WE publish in another column an abstract of the returns of the four Banks trading in the colony, for the quarter ending 30th Sept. last Comparing the figures with those for the quarter ending the 30th June, of this year, we find an astonishing increase of business all round. Without entering into an analysis of each individual Bank's figures, we here give the totals of the items as they appear under their various headings, in the sworn returns and for the sake of comparison, we include, in brackets, those of the previous quarter. Coined gold and silver, etc, £140,656 3s. 3d, [£135,70115s. Id] ; landed property, £26,148 12s. 10d, [£25,047 15s. 2d] ; notes and bills of other Banks, £1,805 10s. 3d, [£2,067 15s. 8d] ; balances due from other Banks, £9,092 11s. 4d, [£12,694 5s. 10d]; all debts due to the Banks, £880,074 2s. 10d, [£836, 174 5s. 10d] ; total assets, £1,065,277 0s. 6d, [£1,019,185 17s. 7d] ; notes in circulation, £32, 644 10s. 10d, [£31,82114s. 6d] ; bills in circula- tion, £2,082 16s. 10d, [£1,332 8s. 4d] ; balances due to other Banks, £18,403 5s. 6d, [£27,194 11s. 5d] ; deposits, £628,326 18s. 5d, [£625,873 13s. 11d] ; total liabilities, £681,457 11s. 7d, [£686,222 8s. 2d]. It will be noticed, that, while the coin in the Banks is in excess of what it was last quarter, the advances made during the three months (which are shown under the heading of ' Debts due to the Banks') amount to £43,900. Such a large sum, but out in the space of three months clearly shows that the banking companies have considerable faith in the stability of the resources of the colony. It is also satisfactory to find that the deposits have, during the time under review, increased by £2,453. WE are glad to hear that so much success has attended the efforts of those who have been instrumental in establishing the Fremantle Grammar School that enlarged accommodation has become an absolute necessity. The school, which is doing good and useful work, was opened two and a half years ago, with 29 boys ; the numbers have since increased to 56, and the small and inconvenient premises in which the classes have hitherto been carried on are wholly insufficient for present requirements. The governors propose, therefore, we understand, to build without delay, upon the site lately granted by the Government, school and class rooms offering sufficient convenience, at an estimated cost of £2,000, towards which subscriptions are earnestly besought The Grammar School be ing an institution designed to meet the require- meets of the general public, the governors do not hesitate to make this appeal. The object in view is to afford a sound English and commercial education, based upon religious principles taught in accordance with the doctrine of the Church of England. No boy need, however, be present during the time allotted to religious instruction whose parents object to it. The school, therefore, cannot be looked upon as established to serve the requirements of one denomination only, and, meeting as it does a long-felt want, we have no doubt that those interested in the cause of education, especially at Fremantle, which is more particularly benefit ted by the institution, will respond generously to the call made upon them. We may add that the earnings of this Grammar School are wholly devoted to its maintenance and development. THE organ of ' Reform is obliged virtually to admit that the description we lately gave of the reality of party government is correct, but, it says, facts are worth any amount of argument. 1 The two constitutions,' it asserts, have been tried, and those colonies under Responsible Government, though as badly off as this when they adopted it, have risen to wealth and splendour, while this colony, under a different constitution, has not moved an inch.' Facts, no doubt, are worth any amount of argument, if that argument is opposed to them ; but, unfortunately for our contemporary, its alleged ' facts ' are nothing more nor less than absolutely false asser- tions. The neighbouring colonies were not as badly off as this' when they adopted party government, and the statement that Western Australia, under the present constitution, ' has not moved an inch' is likewise glaringly untrue. It was the rapidly increasing wealth, population and importance of the Eastern colonies, brought about chiefly by the discovery of gold, which induced them to press for Responsible Government, in the same way as here, the respectable advocates of constitutional change point to the undoubted rapid progress we have made as a reason for the political position they take up. Forms of Government may, to a certain extent, help or hinder progress, according as they are worked, but prosperity depends, not on constitutions but upon the resources of a country and upon the energy of its people. Victoria, under Responsible Government, has grown great and rich on account of her magnificent lands and of the gold which brought hundreds of thousands to her shores. Tasmania, under Responsible Government, has stagnated, because she had not similar advantages. It would be the same with us. We do not go so far as to say with Pope, for forms of Government let fools contend, ' because it is quite possible that a statesman might see his way to carry out under one form of Government projects which he could not so well carry out under another. But no such statesman has arisen yet in Western Australia, and those amongst our public men who have joined the 'Reformers' simply clamour for change without apparently having the ghost of an idea as to what, when they got it, they would do with it,! WHEN the last mail left Adelaide, a young South Australian farmer, Mr. Sebastian George, was exciting a great deal of interest among the most intelligent circles in that city, by his extraordinary performances as a mind reader. Tile South Australian Advertiser, of October 25th, says :-?" Mr. George, who is quite a youth, and was born at Auburn (South Australia), discovered that he had the power of thought-reading by a mere accident, having never previously heard of the existence of small a force in nature. He is now, we believe, developing the faculty he possesses, but already he has shown that it belongs to him in a remarkable degree. On Thursday Mr. George held a very successful seance with His Lord- ship the Anglican Bishop, and after he had given another surprising exhibition of his powers at Parliament House on the evening of the same day, arrangements were made for a séance with His Excellency the Governor, which accordingly took place at noon on Friday. Besides the Governor there were present on this occasion Lady Robinson and Sir Henry Wrenfordsley. The experiments were of a most successful description throughout, and the company appeared to be quite satisfied that Mr. George is in possession of a power which can- not be explained by any generally accepted theory of biologists at the present time, yet with which trickery has absolutely nothing whatever to do. It may be mentioned that one of the best experiments in the presence of the vice-regal party was the spelling by Mr. George of two words, neither of which it was possible for him to have seen. A fishing reel and one or two other objects, which were thought of while the back of Mr. George was turned, wore accurately described, and, with Lady Robinson acting as the medium, a correct description was also given of a tall hat. A bottle hidden behind a picture on the shelf, and a small pen- knife taken from the pocket of one of the company and concealed in a bundle of newspapers were also discovered by Mr. George, and stated confidently to be the objects which had been hidden while he was absent from the room. Scientific men are gradually being forced to the conclusion that mind-reading is no trick, and in the case of Mr. George the genuineness of the phenomena which occur seems to be placed beyond a doubt." THE following letter has recently been addressed by M. Jules Joubert, to Mr. H. J. Scott, commissioner for South Australia at the late Calcutta Exhibition : " During my stay in India I was often asked to deliver a lecture on " Australia as a Field for Emigration." The very day before leaving Calcutta I at last found time to accede to the demand. A very large number of persons, mostly Eurasians, attended and seemed to take the greatest interest in the matter. After listening attentively to what I had to say they kept me for a couple of hours replying to their enquiries as to which of the Australian Colonies I deemed it most advisable for Indian-born subjects to emigrate. The northern parts of Western Australia or Port Darwin are, in my opinion, the proper places for Eurasians to come to. Whilst at Bombay I received scores of letters from a number of these people, who are very anxious to exchange their very precarious life in India for a country where they may make a more comfortable home for themselves and find an opening for their children. I have promised that on my arrival in Australia I would endeavor to interest some of the Colonial Governments to assist these people to come over and settle in Australia and I do not know any one more likely to assist me in South Australia. Of course you are aware that what are termed Eurasians in India are the offspring of English parents and Indians. They are in most cases educated artisans ; sober, thrifty people, but unfortunately not admitted on an equality with European?. Indeed, their life in India is perfectly untenable, and the more educated the leases" become the worse is the lot of the unfortunate Eurasians. As a rule they are too poor to pay the high rate of passage by the P. & O. Company, and in many instances I doubt if they could afford the cost of the transit, even if it could be obtained at a reduced rate. As they are British subjects and a thorough English race I am in hopes that the Governments of Western and South Australia might deem it expedient to apply a small portion of the money voted for immigration in introducing a limited number of these people, who are certainly superior in every way to the majority of the emigrants who are shipped from England, and for the northern settlements would, I am sure, prove a great acquisition, being born in as tropical country and in most cases well acquainted with the culture of the tropical plants suitable for the Northern Territory. Now that a Melbourne firm has started direct steam communication with Calcutta, some arrangement might be made to introduce as an experiment say a couple of hundred Eurasians as farm servants. I think amongst those who applied to me I could pick out that number very readily. Amongst the few who have means to defray the cost of their passage there are some who would take up small farms 50 or 100 acres at Port Darwin provided the terms of payment for the land are made easy. Will you kindly enquire into this matter, and furnish me with materials to frame a report which I have promised to send to the Secretary of the Anglo-Indian Association before whom I delivered the lecture above named." REFERRING to various matters of great importance which Mr. Gladstone had sacrificed to the Franchise Bill, Sir Stafford Northcote in Midlo than the other day thus explained the attitude of the Conservative party towards Australian Federation. After mentioning various Bills brought in only to be abandoned, the speaker said Look at the sort of thing he (Mr. Gladstone) did in another matter. About a week or ten days before the end of the session a member got up and said I wish to ask whether the Government would undertake to bring in a Bill for allowing the Australian colonies to join in a federation.' Well, a very important subject (hear, hear) ; everything had to be thrown over, and here was a large proposal suggested, and one that ought to occupy considerable care and time. V hat did Mr. Gladstone get up and do? Well, he said So far as we are concerned we are quite ready to see such a Bill introduced, provided that all parties will agree, if the Irish party will agree and if the Conservative party will agree.' It was utterly impossible for anybody who pretend- ed to the name of statesman to undertake to pass a Bill of that magnitude and importance without having before us the expressions of the colonies in a formal manner without having the subject brought before us by a responsible Minister and being made acquainted with what was to be done, and it would have been very unsatisfactory indeed without getting from the Government some explanation of the manner in which they have been treating the colonies already. (Cheers.) There were a great many measures and actions of the Government, which, if they had brought that question fairly before the House, would have been fairly matter for discussion, and will be some day matter for discussion, which they would have escaped from discussion by hurry- ing the matter over in that way. Well, what do their friends get up and say i I see that one writes a letter to the newspapers stating that they were quite prepared to grant the federation of the Australian colonies, but the wicked Tories came forward and stopped them. (Laughter.) Well, we are, of course, made to be abused, we are made to have the faults of everybody has upon our shoulders, and we quite understand what the meaning <>f these faults is but I maintain that the position of the Conservative party is one which will not be mistaken, if only they have confidence in themselves and in their principles. (Cheers.) We may or we may not achieve a majority in some future general election, that is a question which we have to fight out among ourselves, but I am quite certain that the great power of the Conservative party in this country, whether expressed by a majority or by large and influential minorities, is a power the retention of which depends entirely upon themselves. (Hear, hear.) If the House of Lords will stand firm to the principles which they have acted upon-(cheers)-if the Conservative party of this country will stand firm to the principles which they have announced, depend upon it that we shall carry the standard triumphantly through the contest, that we shall be able to preserve that great Constitution which our forefathers have handed down to us, and that we shall transmit it without a stain and without a blemish to our sons and to our posterity.' 