What was It? BT WILLIAM MASON. That'the spirits of departed persons •revisit these .earthly - eceiieB I dp not belieire. . ' The orthodox " ghost" of our grandmothers ias * 4>een -e*OHa$ed fcy the -filmll whiBtle ol the locomotive, ' the rise iand spread of a free, cheap, and enlightened press/ and other civilising influences." The manifestations produced by spiritualists, termed " materialisation," I believe to be electricity controlled and materialised by thfe agency of the media. ' I have arrived at .the above conclusions after fair enquiry into the evidences of so called fiupernatnralphenomena. There are many persons, however, -who love to hug the ancient delusion, and still believe in the efficaciousness of an old horse-shoe for keeping obtrusive spirits at a respectful distance. To those the following story is dedicated_ in the hope that it mayjgrrim sufficiently interesting tpje^ay perusal. ^J&iHSSr;^igb^there stood on the Great 'Western Boad, upon that allotment of land which. is. now in. the possession of the Parramatta Borough Council, and a short distance beyond the residence of the Bev. B. Kenny, an old onestoiy tenement which had long done duty as a toll-keeper's residence. The style of its architecture pro-, 'claimed that it belonged to the Macquarie era—which is sufficient to denote its antiquity at the time of which I write. It will be necessary to give a partial description of the building in order that the events which I am about to narrate may be the more intelligibly understood. The front " elevation" oomprised a doorway, with a window on either side. Although all semblance of glass and sash in the latter had long succumbed to the " cockshying" of aggressive schoolboys, the sturdy hardwood door still remained fast and firmly dosed. ran Ate lengtiTof the buiWLing^On the left hand ode were two rooms, the second oae of which had a window looking into the passage. The egress from wis room was through the front 3, thence into the passage, and m b p thrbugh the front deor. The old house at this time was much frequented by tramps iand travellers, for the traffic on the road was much >ater then than now,, owing to the ihlan Biver diggings being then in the height of fame. It was a Very warm afternoon in the middle or summer "when a visit, partly of business and partly of pleasure, took me to the historic village of Smithfield, by train via Fairfield, and with iJxe intention of returning by the same route. After concluding a visit to a friend I was about to start for the station in order to catch a fxain 3 £hat passed some time after 10 p.m., but tempted by the beauty of the night, a brilliantly moonlight -one, I changed my purpose, and decided to walk home to Z^rramatta. - The evening was a veiysultry one. IJot a Jneaith of air:^imng. 'Ajs the tlie tree-topfl, which was qiickljT fol' lowed by a change of temperature. Looking towards the west I was Bomewhat startled to notice a bank _j>f dark clouds rising. This I knew was a com-' inp 1 thunderstorm. The moon, too, was declining towards the west, and when she would sink into the gloomy mass-of vapour which was rising to meet her the night would be dark as Erebus. Quickening 1 my pace to a smart walk, I reached the vicinity of Mr. A. T. Holroyd's residence, when the moon became ' obicured and. the • darkness great" that Tiirtber progress would have been almost impossible were it not for the vivid flashes of lightning—becoming momentarily more and more incessant—that lighted my path'. To add to the "discomfort of the situation, loud peals of thunder proclaimed that a heavy storm, which might burst at any moment, was fast gathering overhead. Just as I reached the junction of the Smithfield road with the Great Western, a few^ preliminary drops of rain proclaimed that I was in for a drenching if no immediate shelter could be found. The old Toll-house was but one hundred yards distant, and uncongenial as its surroundings were, I decided to seek a refuge'under its roof. \- Knowing that ' the intervening distance was free from any obstructions, and the road a good metalled one, I was enabled to put on an extra " spurt" which saved me from the fury of one of the most violent thunderstorms I have ever witnessed. As it was, I reached the old house and gToped my way round to the back and into the passage, a second or two before-the rain came, down in torrents. For tiie space of about fifteen or tweafoy TOintites the storm raged with awful fury. ~ The rain descended literally in sheets; the lightning was so intensely vivid and prolonged in duration as to render objects at a long distance more discsrnable than on the brightest day, whilst the accompanying thunder was positively deafening. I was standing -in the passage with my bacfe^to the front door, and with the window of the second room between me and the egress to the yard. I had been' so pre- occupied with watching the awful- grandeur of the storm, and speculating upon the probable amount of damage - it would do, that I had not once-thought whether or not there were other inmate&jn; the old building besides myself. Presently the rain ceased, if anything more suddenly than it commenced ; the wind lulled ; and the lightning and thunder seemed to have rolled away to lite eastward. All was calm and Btill except for the pattering -of the water from the roof into the wet aud«lippery ground. Stepping towards the fend of the pasafege, and bringing myself opposite the window which looked into it, I paused to assure myself that the storm was indeed over. At this moment the clock in St. John's Church struck the first chime of the midnight hour, and as the reverberating strokes .rang out with measured cadence, a strange and indescribable feeling iseemed to 'seize me. I wished to .take my departure, yet something fixed me to the spot on which I stood. I felt I was going to see or hear something, but I could not define what. Presently, I heard a sound like a deep unearthly sigh. It proceeded from the room on my left-hand side. This was soon succeed^ ^kfptffiier sighs, at regular inteWals, if anything still more deeD-imd sepulchral. JK-I cuiiomty was now thoroughly roused, audi peered eagerly through the unglazed window into' this room, in order, if possible' to discover their cause. At first I could see nothing. The darkness was intense. Then I became aware that the room was becoming lighted with a faint luminous vapoury light, which soon increased sufficiently to.enable me to observe that the room was being slowly traversed from end to end by a pale shadowy figure. Still I gained on, held as it were spellbound to the spot. A cold, clammy perspiration exuded from the pores of my skin, and the roots of my hair seemed to twitch , with a strange excitement. The figure was now distinctly visible. It was that of a tall elderly man,, dressed in ordinary bush garb—moleskin trousers, blue guernsey, and wellwom felt hat. The hands were claroed behind the back, and-the figure walked with stooping gait. The face was pale as that of a corpse, and the cheekB ani chin were fringed with iron-grey iair. t For some time—I cannot toll how long—1 gazed upon this fearsome sight. -! Do what I would, I could not remove y eyes. The strain upon my nerves was very great. I felt that I must reak the spell, or succumb to insensibility. The figure still continued to slowly &Ce; the room to and fro, with each turn breathing a heavy sigh. Summoning all my resolution, I determined to address the.object, and as it turned in its walk at the forther end •of the room, I ejaculated, ih "scarcely audible tones: " Hallo! who are you?" The figure lialf turned towards me and paused. Then after staring at me with a pair of dull lack-lustre eyes for a little while, resilmed its walk, passed into the next room, thence into the passage, and out by the front door, which dosed behind it with a heavy slam. The opened 'door admitted-a draught of cold air. ^ The noise made by the door and ihe rush of seemed to break the spell which bound "me. All my courage instantly returned. • I rushed to the door, to overtake the apparition and solve all doubts as to whether or not itiwas flesh and blood. The door was fast. I struck a iiatoh and examined the !6ck, : tiie tongue al s been opened that night. "Even -the cobwebs on the jamb were undisturbed. And yet I had seen it opened, felt the rueh of cold air through the aperture, and heard it close again. Here was another insolvable mystery. Makingmy way to the front of the house I searched for footprints on the soft clayey footpath in front of the door, but none were visible. If the figure I had gazed upon and spoken to was not a visitor from the other world, "What was it?." 