JACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Her Work in Life," "Beyond Recall, & Story of the Egyptian War," &c.;, <fcc. CHAPTER XXXIir.—(Concluded). "I brought you home," said Madame Vallor, steadily. "Indirectly I stopped the marriage. I was kind to her. She is fond of me now, as you may see. I did not expect that anxiety and suspense would have so Dad an effect upon her health. I do not see what else T was bound to do." At any rate, let the suspense end here, iiet the matter be cleared up at once." "No," eaid Madatre Vallor." " You say no ?" " I_say DO." Quiet, motionless, self-contained, she sat in her high-backed chair, her hands crossed before her in her lap, her fine profile strongly defined acroBS the dark rea curtains that •were drawn across the window behind her, her beautiful eyes absently fixed upon the glowing coal in the grate. It was with a thrill of impatience, almost of anger, that Nigel recognised the fact that this woman •was impervious alike to argument and to entreaty—that, after choosing her own line of action and following it for seven years, she was not likely to change it because the fortunes of one frail girl, or even of an entire family, were involved. She acknowledged that she had been hard and cruel to Clarice, but she acknowledged it apparently without remorse. If it suited her interests, would she not be cruel and hard again ? Madame Vallor was quick to read hia thoughts. "You cannot go back," she said, looking at him when the pause had lasted for a minute or two, "you will make matters far worse if you were to change now ?" "Suppose 1 were to inform Sir Wilfred of the facts which I have just heard I" Madame Vallor smiled easily. " You would not betray a woman's secrets without her consent," she said. " That would be dishonourable. I have trusted you. I do not suppose that you are unworthy of my confidence. " An unsought confidence, Madame JacobL " " You had better not call me by that name," she said tranquilly, though the tremor that ran through her whole frame when she heard the word seemed to show that its utterance had hurt her like the striking of a blow. " My husband's true surname is Vallor. But ou know that here we might be overheard, 3 t is always better to be careful. You need not call me by any name when we are alone." She concluded with the faintest possible ghost of a smile, " In public I am Mrs. Wilson, and your aunt.'' " Pardon me if I wounded you; I ought not perhaps to have used that name," said Nigel, with some abatement of the bitterness of his tone. " But I am not sure how much longer this device should be concealed. I am quite sure now that perfect frankness would nave served our cause much better." " You are like all young people—you think no cause so precious as your own. Are there no interests but yours and Clarice Vanborough's to be considered? And, like all men, you are ungrateful. I may not have saved her in the best way, but I have saved her—and for you." " Certainly yoa have." " And now I 'R'ill give you a word of warning. If you say I am Jacobi's wife before the day when I give you leave to say so, I have no scruple of conscience to prevent my denying every word that I have said to you to-night. The proofs of my marriage cannot be produced by any. one but me. Your friend, Burnett Lynn, may have been deceived. Jacobi will swear that he never saw me in his life before. And supposing that the charge dies down in that way, what would you do 1 You would have placed Clarice in the hands of her worst enemies, and all your efforts would not have saved her from Jacobi's clutches. I dare you to say a word more than I tell you to say. "In short," said Nigel, gravely, "you mean to threaten me?" Her face softened as it had softened once before. "Oh, no," she said, "I have not the slightest wish to threaten you. Why are we not friends ? I am trying to save Clarice too. J do not want to see her suffer." Nigel's own tones were softer as he said— "Will you not even give tne the satisfaction of knowing why you do not declare yourself?" "I cannot," she said seriously. "You shall know some day. Wait—till Geoffrey Vanborough is better—or at least able to speak; and then I may be able to help you more." "And in the meantime I am to leave Clarice with you?" His decision hung on a thread. Should he take Clarice back to her friends and let her run further danger to life and reason from Sir Wilfred and Jacobi, or should he trust her to the care of Jacobi's wife in an obscure London lodging? Risks either way; which were the ones ne ought rather to incur? Her next words determined his choice. She rose and came towards him, looking him full in the face with a singularly grave and earnest expression. " Believe me," she said, " I will be true to her and to you. Believe me, that I will care for her as though—as though she were my own child; yes, as though she were the little child I left buried in sight of the great ocean seven years ago. 1 swear to you by all that you hold most dear and holy that no harm Eh≪ come to her if I can avert it. Trust her to me. God knows that I will do my best to give her back to you safe and unhurt, even— I say it again—even as though she were my own child whom I had once more to protect from Constantino Vallor's cruelty." " I will trust you," said Nigel, more moved by the passionate pathoB of her tones than she could tell. He had heard sufficient of her story to understand the allusion to that little grave upon a sea-beat, wind-swept, distant shore, and guessed that her reference to it gave, in her eyes, peculiar sacredueas to the promise Bhe was making. " I am sure rou will care for her—I am sure you will no E et her come to harm. I am sorry I seemed to doubt you." He held out hia hand. He had spoken with an effort, but his sincerity was evident. Madame vallor cast one glance at his face, a little less calm than usual, and began to utter some reply. " You are very good" These were the only words he could distinguish, for saddemy she caught his hand, in both hers, pressed her lipB to it, and then burst into a Oassion of silent sobs. Burying her face ia her handkerchief she hurried from the room, and for some time he saw her no more. Had he been wise or not ? he asked himself. Had he sacrificed Clarice or saved her? He believed in his soul that he had done well. Madame Vallor—or Mrs. Wilson, as they bad decided to call her—came back in an hour's time, and ordered some sort of evening meal for ms benefit. She herself hardly touched a mouthful, but spoke and moved with her usual quietness of manner. It seemed as if she wished her past agitation to be forgotten. " You will go away to-morrow," she said, before they separated for the night. " To-morrow ?" he said, his face falling a little. "Why so soon?" " You muBt be seen as usual. You ought not to have stayed here to-night. You must show yourself in all your accustomed habits and occupations, for you are sure to be suspected, and possibly questioned." " No one has a right to question me." "You will be followed. You must not come here again for a week." " I suppose you are right," he said, with a eigh. "You must remember how anxious I am to see her: how little I have been with her of late. But, of course, 1 must not endanger Clarice's safety." "Use your own judgment," said she, abruptly. " Cojie when you can; stay away if you think you will be watched and followed. Mark my words; you will be watched and followed, and that before long." He was allowed half an hour's interview with Clarice in the morning, and was struck by finding how much his presence seemed to cheer and animate her. She began to respond to his questions with some willingness; once or twice she made some little trivial remark of her own accord; a faint colour stole at times into her cheeks, a faint smile played upon her lips. It was plain that he exercised a healthful and soothing influence upon her mind. Madame Vallor gave him, perhaps purposely, an opportunity of speaking in private to Nurse Martha. He put Clarice under the old servant's especial care, and told her to write to him from time to time. And then he bade farewell to the dissimilar trio who lodged together in that little house in Johnstreet, Old Ford, and went back to Beechhurst. Jacobi's visit on Thuisday, the following tlay, apprised him of the discovery of Clarice's flight. He breathed more freely when this was made. But it was with a great effort that he maintained the coolness with which be treated Jacobi's " communication. He would have liked to accuse the man there and then of the crime that he had committed, and give him part—were it only indeed a tithe—of the punishment that he deserved. He was thankful afterwards that he had merely ordered him off the premises, and not lowered his self- respect by taking the law into his own hands. He had telegraphed to Burnett Lynn immediately after Geoffrey's accident, and was somewhat surprised to receive no answer. For, although he did not now see how Burnett Lynn could throw much light upon the matter, he was anxious to have his friend in England, and to hear what was his opinion ct Geoffrey's case. Strange to say Geoffrey Vanborough's state of insensibility or torpor still continued; and though he swallowed tood in a liquid state; and aid not appear to suffer pain, it was evident that his condition was a very critical one. The days of Nigel's banishment from Clarice dragged slowly by. He was forced, for appearances sake, to transact business as usual, to look cheerful, and enter into conversation with his Mends, while at the same time his heart and brain were racked with anxiaty. The news of Clarice's disappearance had got wind. Strange rumours were afloat respecting her character and her fate. He had great self- control, and he needed it all in order to preserve the grave tranquility and apparent openness which were his best disguise. His sisters knew nothing of the secret that he guarded so carefully, and Mrs. Tremaine was almost as self- contained as Nigel himself. Hermmd seemed to be completely taken up with matters of the house above all, with the fact that old Martha, the faithful nurse of the family, had been called away to nurse a near relation. In the midst of Nigel's deepest anxiety of mind he was moved to a smile when he heard his mother discoursing gravely to the girls, or an intimate friend, on the inconvenience of Martha's absence, and the possibilities of her speedy return. " I was so sorry to lose her," Mrs. Tremaine declared with an unblushing face, and an innocent look in her blue eyes, " but when she said that she must nurse her sister's child through this terrible illness, what could Ido? I was obliged to let her go." "What is the illness, mamma?" the youngest girl asked carelessly one day in Nigel's presence. " Consumption, dear," said Mrs. Tremaine with creditable promptness. " And I am afraid that poor Martha will not be able to return to us for many weeks yet." Nigel played his part very well; but his mother played hers better. 