Barensirood. (FFIOH OTJB CORRESPONDENT.) WHEJT news is scarce a country corres pondent is to be pitied. If he says nothing, all vote h'm a duffer; while by putting vlown one Italf the rumors flying round he is lucky if lie escape ' a'violent death. Any dweller by the sad sea waves has a thousand things at command to tide over silly seasons. He can call spirits from the vasty deep with the com fortable assurance that no one cinprove him to be stretching his " pint." There is plenty room in the sea to hide a hun dred monsters of the imagination and no one the wiser but let ail inland denizen report a harmless bunyip or awesome ghost and the whtle country can be searched by*11 interested inproving him a liar. I have, plenty, of .eager eyes and babbling tongues on the lookout for a slip, who have already dug out several mares' nests without hatching abaib; but if things .continue much longer in tiie same flat stale and unprofitable state, ray occupation will, like Othello's, be gone. There is nothing very startling to report in mining inn tiers, ft is rumored that the General Grant lease l«a* been floated in the Iiondou maiket for £40,000 and I hope it is true, as such an event would materially influence the future of this field. This l«'ase, which includes the best portion of the field, lias b»en worked with payable results to the shareholders for the- last fourteen or fifteen years, and if English capital is to be invested in our. mines, it in good policy to put ou>* befit foot foremost as an induce ment for them and others to ask for morel The Barker's reef com pany have given it best, as I noticed their engine and appliances passing through the town a few days ago en route for the Towers. In the list of crushings the following are the best since last report:-Lloyd and Connors, The Towers, 20tons for 38ozs. Simonseu aud parly, Surprise, 2/)tons, 52ozs. Young Native, 24tons for 67ozs. Jan sen, Molly Malone, 22tons for 32ozs. The honor, of a seat in our Divisional Board must be held pretty cheap as not one solitary heathen was nominated in Mr. Aisbett's place. We can get up any number of petitions praying the city fathers to do this or. for near doing that, but when a chance comes of having a say in the matter on ourown hook we hide onr diminished heads. A rather serious accident happened to Thomas Moore, a carrier, last week. It appears that he was coming from the Junction with loading and when about two miles on the road he unfortunately got under the dray and the wheel passed oyer bis leg and arm. He was brought into the hospital and attended to by Dr. Cuthbert, who" found -nothing broken,j bruised. He is getting on as well as j can be expected since. - The committee o£ the School of Arte have taken down their old reading room ; and library and have altered and fitted ' up the old' hall in their places. The new ] building iB getting on famously and the contractor evidently means to fisnish, within the specified time. It will be a grand addition to this por- j tion of the street, and companies! can have no more excuse for passing os [ by in future. With a. railway to bring them to a hnll capable of -seating 800 people comfortably, in a township of confirmed eight-seers, what more do they want I Competition is the rule in most lines here, and 1 hear that the soul saving business is to be brought under the same test. It appears that St Paul's congregation haviug dispensed witil the. services of Dr. H. Finlav as organist, he is going to set up on his own liouk in tbe gospel-grinding line las soon as he can secure suitable premises. An applifation for the Good Templars' Hall for holding Sunday services WAS received from him by that body at their last meeting, but postponed fot a week for the considera-. tion of a Intger meeting. T hope that the application will begmnted to let him have a show, though he has not been a complete success in Physic or Law, hp might nmfce a^etmre" in Divinity. Oar mv W«rJ(^,;lm{l,£.lL has arrived and BtwwSvto «#*'&. <14,1 have it from one wJfl qualifies! tojjudge, that he is likely to liold fais own phce and keep others in theirs ; in fact do a little of the velvet glove and iron hand business if required, and it will be inquired l»e£oi« the game is up, unless he brings (he Vagrant Act to b'-ar on soqie of ik. 25tli August. 