1iRove0t0. AFTER ;MIAN Y D'.D'AY'S -'-h- By R. P. WHITWORTH. , CIIAPTEB. V. (cONTINUID.).. . .. A few dlays more andwe' weore speeding. down the shallow waters-of Port Chalmers, bound for Melbourne;: and.yet again ;a few days, and wetvera:tossing on the rolling seas of Bass's Straits, steaming as fast as the mail ehip could bear us for the shores of England. Ten years had we boon absent, and during that time what changes might not have occurred? For myself, except that my father was, as I had learnt from his, letters, failing, ..none could have happened that mattered much.., But for Jack.. What if Beatriz Walton had forgotten hims? What if she had married? What it he.were dead?, Such things, all of them had happened, were happening continu. ally. And Jack, although he said nothing for, by a tacit understanding, we had come never to speak on the subject-grew moody and anxious as the days went by. The orien tal mingled splendor and tawdriness of Ceylon; the wide.-tretehing . deserts -of Arabia; the anioent monuments of Egypt; the water streets of .Vanico; the faded'.mag. niflcence'of Padua, Verona, Milan, Turin, and other old Italian cities; that wonderful piece of engineering between Modane. and La Praz ; the Mont Cents tunnel; the gaieties of Pails; although each and all were matters of sur prise and delight to me, for I had never seen them before, to him had no charm. He passed through them and by them withoht comment, almost without notice. His only thought, his only wish, was. to be moving. onward, over onward,. We parted in London, I to stay a .day or two with some friends before going home, he to seek his, it might be, lost, still unforgotten, love at Castlecomer.. Alas, poor Jack I He hend all too soon, at his father's house, the aid story..: It. was an old, old tale; The pride,pf the Waltons had indeed been brought IbW. The ..wealth of that pnrseproud man who, had driven him into exile had vanished like the morning mist before the sni.: Mr. Walton had speculated in railways, foreign bonds, tin,.copper, what not? and-had lost. Thenwith the mercan tile gambler's mad intatuation, he had risked more and more, had risked his all, in, short; and had risen from an untasted breakfast one morning, haggard, ghastly, and bowed, find ingthimself a ruined man;. Theiblow .had killed him; and, even while the poor corpse was being borie to its last resting place, in the old cemetery at Castlecomer, the creditors -.or .,.their, representatives weore taking an -inventory: at Walton Court. Miss; Walton, pale and ,liroken-hearted, had remained 'in the house-withharyonung brother until the day of the funsoral,.,vhen she had been taken awaylay a gesitloeman, a relative it was supposed, who had-'suddenly some over from England, and who had then. as suddenly disappeared.; That.waas;all that Jack could' learn. She whoni he hlad' .co so many thousands miles to find, had gone, no one knew whither,. lad.disap'peared as effectually as if thu sea .lid swallowed her Poor Jack:. It was as crueil blw forihim, and all the more, cruel from the uncertainty. Had skih ceien dead ,l-e;had she been even marrid,lie-might have, alter a,time, found; solace from Time, the great healer ; but the absoluto ignorance of any blio by which the painful suspenso might be ended, was more than he could bear. He became moody and dIlonronted, and spent his days'in wandering atmlessy aboout,'especially along the bank of tho Nero to the spot where he had first seen her, a spot now held sanored in his eyes. Certainly he enquired at Tom Ryan's, the Castleeomer Hotel, regarding this stranger who had lorne away his Beatrix in such a mysterious manner, and by means of sundry shillings slipped into the hands of Jerry the groom and pisetly Nelly Rooney the house. maid, extracted the information Lhat the gentleman's name was, as it was thought, Thompson or Johnson, that he did not look much like "Wan of the ralo quality itself," that, so far as could be remembered, he came from Carlow by the coach on the day of the fhiuneral, and went back next day, taking with him Mias Walton and Master Maurice, "and she, poor dear youn lady as white and ashsyt as a ghost, crying for her dead father, d maybe for somebody else in furrin parts, bht ought to have been there to comfort her, but wasn't" This last from Nally Rooney, .?ywhioh it will be seen that Nelly had, as ey say, eyes in her head, and was able to 5'. a. far through a millstone as other people, . a' .. 1fs went to Carlow, .nd by dint of enquiry and a further enpendituo of shillings, found out fron one of the atable boys who came from Caatlecomer, and who know Miss aelton by eight, that the party he was asking niter had come by the coach, stopped for dinner at the Feathers Inn, 'nd gone on, .Presumably forubli nn, d gon n, To oblin Ie followed', and there, by way. "c.L? e.. . clerks at tiU various shipping .oices;- priy ther process of what is know? an Australia 5s "shouting" freely, he induced thle to look back' their passoenger tiolket. blocksto the date Ilo gave, and discovered lat a Ir. Thompson and a Miss and Mastor Walto, ead sailted' oansush and such a day, by the aenamslhi Emerald, for Eon)head. e cre lisa trail stopped, the track was lost. llnlyhead meant nowhere, or rather it meant "verywhore for it was but the starting point to! tiho network of Irailways that ;ramifled England-east, west, north, and south. But he went to Holyhead neverthelbes, and then he went to where everybody goes, to London, calling on me at the quiet rectory in Ch'eshiro, tolaid him in his search. Poor follow, my heartsblod. to see his careworn face, and I could refuse him nothing. But our quest was futile.. In vain we advertised in the agony columns of the London and many of the provincial papers. In vainwo offeredrewards for information. In vainwe subsidised Scot land Yard. Nothing came of it, until the 'hope deferred that makeh.the,heart sick" wvse at length worn out, and we both, tired of ajllfe of. naction, weary of London and'.of England, turned our faces once more toward the blue skies and swelling plains of the great Southern land, eso long our home. .And thus came it that in the train which was rapidly carrying us from Sydney to Mel. bourne, did Jack say to me, as related:at the commencenment of this story; "I' wonder whether we shall meet any of oue old mates of the Shotover?" And now came aboutanother of thoseturns in fortune's wheel so inexplicable and so un. looked for. "Nothing happens bunt the 'imn probable," says some philosopher, and of all Incidents in this strange eventfulhistory, none so strange as this, . Seated in the same compartment of the carriage; and nearly.. opposite me, was an bederly man, intent on reading a newspaper. Ilhad taken no particular notice of him up to then, beyond adfew passing .words, but I ob. served that as Jack and i conversed, he looked' over the top of his paper, and scrutinised us narrowly. -. .'-., .. i "Ithink,".! he. said at last, "I heard you mention the Shotover, sir.'!,. i- . .;. Sl'Yes,'! I replied, " we were speaking of the *" The Shotover in New Zealand, I presume yon mean . ." e The same sir.". "Alh,' he said,?" lts 'urioirs, I wasn there once, myself." ' " Indeed I so were,we. i "Ah I I don't seem to resollest you, and yet, maybe you might have heard of me. hill the packer they used to eall ine.:I was packing from Queenstowo'to the Shot,; and the Arrow aormany'ayear;',. " :- " i W have hoardo! him by'repute, but as of one of the old hands who had left before our time. Our conservation soon drifted away from the familiar :'uinject oftmining, and'the men we had mutually known on the various diggings, to "general'toples. He had been home he told us, on a shatter of business, but had returned some two years before, and had taken up his residence m Melbourne, where, with the money he had accumulated by his lucrative calling of a packer in New Zealand, he had established himself in business,. Jack did not take any part in the conver. sation;- He seemedaswas frequently lewont to be buried in reverie, and I was too well ao customed to his moods to attempt to disturb him. My now friendremarked as much in'an undertoine., ... " Yes,' I replied in the ,samakey, "poor Jack he has had a saddisappointment, a bIttor grief in the old country, and has not yet re. covered from the effect of it." " Jack," said my companion, "is that his name?" " Yes, Jack tomo, dear old Jack Butler, he best fellow-."'. " ' "Butler I Butle I, I surely know' that name., Let me think. Why God bless 'my soul,"' whispered the stranger excitedly, "it cannot surely be possible. ?Toll me, does your friend come from' Ireland ? ", " He does.. .He is one of the Butlers 'ofilb kenny." "The man stared at me; and then at Jack as il, in sheer' amaze,' he could scarcely' believe the evidence of his senses; ' are-you sure ?" he whispered. at last," Jacsk or rather-John Butler, youngest son'of Reginald Butler of the •Elms near Castlecomoer?" "The same, I am his cousin, and know him to be." But why ? "I asked, as much sur prised as my questioner.: : . " "I'll tell you by and bye," he repliedhur. riedly; and in' fact there was no time for further converse then, as the train: with a warning shriek was slowing for Albury, and presently glided smoothly up to the station. But my new friend contrived to get the seat next me on the box of the omnibus, 'that in those days connected the New7 South Wales Terminus with theo-ictorian one at Wodonga, and during the two miles drive imparted to me something which set'my blood surging through my veins, and which almost caused me to sing aloud in a very raptureot delight. " And mind," he said atparting as he wrung my hand warmly, and pressed into it a card bearing his name and address in Melbourne, "The day after to.morrow is Christmas day, you come and dine with me. Say nothing, but bring him vitli'you, and please God there shall be to more than one heart, atrulyhappy Christmas. I remain here until to-morrow. Don't forgot. The old fashioned. mid.day dinner, one sharp."' * dd: y How I ever refrained from bursting into song, hlow I abstained from flinging my arms round dear old Jack's neck and telling hini.al I had learned at 'any moment during that long railway ride to Melbourne and the next two days, I hardly klow, butlI did, andvierily I had my reward. ei But Christmas Day came, and I mut carry out' the programme. At first Jack did not' want to go, but I insisted; nay; made it a personal matter that he should, and he gave way. "Btit why are you so anxious for me to dine with this person?" he asked difidently. " Ah I Jack, dear boy, If you only knew I" "You seem strangely moved, Larry," he said; "have been for the last two days. What is it, old chap." "Good news, old boy; great nows, glorious news. Why, Jack, pluck up heart of grace, and smile as you shall smile before this day be done, or I'm a Dutchman. What I Jack Butler going to eat his Christmas dinner with the face of a mute at a funeral. Not so; re member the words of your favorite Long. fellow, " Be still, sad heart I ansl cease repining ; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining." He smiled wearily and said, "True; but not for me, Larry, not for me." To which I returned thb vague ambiguity, " We shall see what we shall see." At half-past twelve we started 'from the White Hart Hotel, where we eojourned, to walk to our friend's house in East Melbourne, and I thought it time to prepare Jack for what to him would, I doubted not, be the most pleasant surprise of his life. " Supposing you could have what youn wished for on this gracious day, Jack, what would it be," I asked. " Suppose, suppose, suppose the heavens were to fall. What's the use of supposing? " he said. "Well, but suppose." " Larry, old friend, I have nothing to wish, nothing to hop fior; wiith me even hope is now dead." " Hope is never dead; hope cannot die. What says the poet ? ' Hope springs eternal in the human breast.' " "Yes," he replied bitterly, "but finish the couplet, 'Man never is, but always to be, blest.'" "Exaotly-always to be blest-and you, dear old chapple, shall be blest, and' that' sooner than you antlcipate." H oe stoppe, and looked me straight in the face. "What do you mean, Larry ?" he said. There has been something strange about'you for the last day or two that I cannot make out., What is it?" -," " Wait and see," and with that for the moment he had to be content. ' SWe arrived at the house we weore bound for as .the post omfice clock was booming 'one. Evidently. we werooe expected, for our friend opened the door himself oven as I iang. " Have you told him ?"! he said to me. " No," I replied'; "I have left that for you to do, Mn. Tno??ros.' " Mr. Thompson I ".said Jank hoarsely, staggcring and turning ?ale.'. "Great Godl Is it possible that ' " "Everything is possibleo. As the angelic choir sang nearly, nineteen hundred years ago, soI say now,.' Behold, I, bring .ie tidings of great joy l" :: A"And soo-Beatri---?" gasped Jack faintly.' " Go into that. room She is eipecting, yon.'! "Jack looked at our tosot like a man in'a dream, hut he opened the door of the room denoted. A moment, and there was a great coastatio cry, as. Mr. Thompson, closing the door softly,; took me by the arm, and with a suspicious moisture in his eyes;led me away, saying, !' I think we've-managed that very: iicely, btit we are no longer needed here. Come into the dining room and we'll 'drink their healths. I've had dinner delayed for half'an hour, as I thought they might have something to say to each other, and in the meantimb I'd, like to have a crack with you." . ' , It Ienilght. I lIay down-nmie pan. My story is fdnished.`' And, yet hardly so, for oven now, asother Christmas Day, I have received letters from- home, sent up from my ofice. Some of them I lay aside to read later, but one I open. I know the hand. writing, and read. Part of it runs thus: Walton Court, Castlecomer, Ireland. S"DearLarry, -' For so Jack insisted on my. oailing ybou; this will, as we calculate, reach you in far.away Melbournm about Christmas, and I serid it wishing you all the sompli ments of- the season. We had your last letter in; dao coutrse, and were glad to hear that'my brother, 'Maurice, was getting on so swell. An you 'will see, we are 'settled in the old'house ;' Unole Thompson bought it, and insisted on:'makting it over to me -as a wedding portion. ,We have just been to the. Elms, You will be glad to learn that papa and mnamma ire well. Ted has at last' got his captaincy, and 'George lhas a good ap. pointment as manager of an iron works at efde in Sweden. -Ellen has had another,-.a girl this time; who is. to be called after mea; and Kate is to be married next month. He is one of the Powers (Charles) of -Abbeyleir; not far from here, and is a barrister in fair practice. Baby- you' know, we have called him Lawrence-is cwell and thriving. He is the loveliest and most wonderful, do., &o.;, &b.;" -'(Hdre comes hall a page about -the baby, and a few lines about other mirtters, which I will, if you please, skip). -" Jack- writes you by this mail. Oh Larry i dear Larry, do you remeniber that Christmias Day?. I am sure you do. God bless you. God' bless you. Amen. Is the' wish'and prayer of the happiest woman in Ireland. "B-CATrI BUTrnOn." Of icouree there is a postseript, but' the words swim, naoi the lines- seemn blurred. I cannot read. I'walk softly to the window and look out. It had been a wet evening, but " the rain had ceased to fall,'the osky had cleared, save where the fleecy rack sped anoross it, and the moon was shining brilliantly in the heavens," just as it did on that'eventful Christmas night on the shoulder of the Wakatipo range in 1870, when I pointed it out to Jack as an omen of good fortune, the good fortune thalt came indeed "After many days." Tn' Es?.. 