An EARLY COUNCIL of a NEW CHURCH. ' ' -m ? - - Searching backward to the beginning of Churches, we find in almost every instance a personality followed by a couneil. The personality ot times is misty, even the first council a matter of tradition ; (splendid creations of tho imagination blend with meagre facts. The sons of God come in to the daughters of men, and the results are the mysterious giants, tho thoughts of whose minds become tho beliefs of the world. It is almost idle effort or wasted energy seeking to obtain a perfectly clear conception of the majority of faith founders. The lights of Asia, China, Pales tine, India, Persia, of Europe in the south and the north, tho Aegean and the Scandinavian seas, are all seen as far, faint star-points with rings of fjory and rays of light reaching downward, but mingling with so many earth fires their parent impulses have kindled as to frequently escape rocogni- tion, and always complete and satisfactory analysis. Nor is this a matter of surprise when judged by facts actually present, or so near in the past as to be grasped without difficulty, Have we not a now church forming in the world to-day—a church with as clear a purpose, as streng a self-confidence, as firm a belief in its own infalibillity as ever distant ages and forgotten nations were privileged to see? The church is secularism. The founder of the church was—who ? Even now we halt on that question, for we can discover no leader, no founder. The mists of a little handful of years have so gathered about the beginnings of the new church that it is utterly impossible to discover who struck the chord in the great harp of human interest which hits been smitten again and again by various successors, till its twang and jangle are heard amongst the nations of the world. We might naturally expect to find some evidence in the records of the early councils of this church, Whom would they reverence ? How idle is the question ! Reverence is no part of the secularists' duty or habit or being. Reverence, with adoration, worship, prayer, and sacrifice, are relics of effete superstitions. Secularists are not bound to, and they do not point to any founders of their faith through such old and familiar methods. At whose name, then, do they shout ? They must surely acclaim something and somebody. Well, yes, there is one name which moves them. It is Bradlaugh—Bradlaugh, with his glorious co- worker Annie Besant, Tho one name in tho freethought camp will always provoke hurrah ! the two, hallelujah ! Doctor (we had rather say Father) Darwin, Huxley, Tyndall, Herbert Spencer, Matthew Arnold—none of these receive the cheers which companies of men and women award to popular idols. Ingersoll comes in at times ; Bradlaugh, Besant, Ingersoll—these three form a sort of trinity, whioh tho secular body ever acknow- ledges with cheers. If there were a secular temple anywhere in the world, these three persons would be sit on high together. Maybe we shall be privileged to see a secular temple some day. We have recently seen a secular council in Sydney, and we propose in straightforward, if critical fashion, to examine the doings of that council, to study the foundational work it has accomplished, to note the lines it has put 'down, and to endeavour to estimate whither they may lead. In the doings of the council, then, there are two or three prominent pointe whioh challenge popular atten- tion-conspicuous rather than important perhaps, as assertive rather than active. First of these, in point of notoriety, is the refusal to cheer the Queen at the public banquet. Let it be clearly understood that this is set down as a notorious but by no means a great matter. It is pro- bably of no more effect on the commonweal of Britain than is the pitching of a pebble to the equilibrium of the universe ; but it is significant of what might be, should the very small seed of so-called freethought or secu- larism germinate in the general heart of man- kind, and develop as an upas tree shutting out the gracious light and tho bounteous showers of Heaven, and raining down instead ita own deadly dew. Tho ordinary gentlemanly criticism upon the omission is that it was in bad taste, and if we have any fair faith in tho ultimate destiny of man, that criticism is equivalent to straightforward condemnation. If what- soever is right, pure, and true is to keep uppermost in the world, whatsoever is in bad taste must be doomed. Next to this ill-bred and malicious refusal, perhaps, is the formal protest against any teaching of religion in schools, Of course there is no need for such a protest. "We do not make religion a part of the compulsory education of schools ; as at present instructed, we do not propose so to do, and therefore at least from secularists no protest could be required. Folly in this matter seems to accompany ill-breeding in the other. Next, there is palaver about tho emancipation of women, It is very difficult to get a clear understanding as to what is meant by this word emancipation ; but, judging from the general tenor of the secularistic teaching, we should suppose it to he emancipation from bonds of matrimony ; emancipation from the wholesome domestic restraints which centuries of civilisation have spared, sanctioned, or imposed; emancipation from the duties of the hearth and enfranchisement to the pri- vileges of the platform ; emancipation from a good eleni of homeliness and womanliness and enfranchise- ment, by a process which is best described as unsexing ; emancipation from the usages which breed Lady Bountiful in the hall and Dame Thrift in the cottage, Florence Nightingale in the hospital and Mary Somer- ville in the study, Mrs. Oliphant amongst books and dear Sister Mercy in missions of comfort and healing ; enfranchisement to the liberties which will stock the world with Annie Besants, and Ouidas, and Louise Michels, and Countess Blavatekys. That is the style of emancipation which the council of the new church proposes to tender for tho acceptance of the womanhood of the world. Next to the emancipation of the women should be regarded the duty laid upon all secularists, male or female, to assert themselves—a duty which it would appear is very well understood by representatives of the body in Adelaide ; for upon the Sunday imme- diately following the closing of tho conference, we hear of the secretary of the freethinkers assaulting the head of a party of Christian crusaders while engaged in prayer. It cannot, however, with justice be said that this is tho precise style of assertion recommended by the conference. It is rather a habit of declaration and boldness which they would inculcate. They would have their brethren not ashamed of their calling and profession ; they should testify freely and in all places. This is natural; for even in the Christian religion a similar charge was given, hut in different fashion and with different reason. It is as well to quote it, per- haps ; it may not compare unfavourably with tho secu- larists' charge, It is in thin style, if memory may be trusted : " Let your light so shine before men that they msy see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven," The secularist charge is not formulated concisely and precisely no that, but may from the many words and hints in which it is given be beaten out something in this shape : " Let your voices be constantly heard amongst men, that they may know you for what you are, and not erroneously count you in with the Churches." Another and a most significant act was a vote of dis- approval, passed by unanimous consent, upon the police suppression of certain obscene publications. The con- ference held this to be a most unwarrantable inter- ference with the liberty of the press. What press ? Is every creature who procures means to multiply the filth of his own mind to step at once upon the platform of pressmen and claim pressmen's privileges? Is this another instalment of the freedom of thought and expression which the new Church will bestow upon the world ? It would be as reasonable to protest against an infringe- ment of the liberty of speech if some scoundrel, roaring out filth and blasphemy, should be arrested upon the public street and silenced in the inner cell of tho gaol. The freethought argument, however, is ingenious as unique. " Doctors publish books filled with all manner of disgusting details." Certainly they do ; and perform operations and deliver lectures, the details of which, if exposed in shop windows, would ba fit- tingly described as obscene and disgusting. The effort of freethought here seems to be to deprive us of these garments of decency, which have been some thousands of years in weaving, and to leave us naked and ashamed, or so brutalised as to know not shame. Almost the last not of the conference, however, was in some measure devotional. It was a confession of I allegiance, of obligation. It seemed a matter of abso- lute necessity that headship somewhere should be recognised, and so a sum of. £10 was voted to Mr. Charles Bradlaugh—a sort of Peter's pence contribu- tion—which, doubtless, will be thankfully received, ami.will also bespeak benediction. There was nothing else of importance, or even of public interest. Com- mittees were formed, presidents, vice-presidents, and other officers appointed, the usual testimonials paid, farewells taken, and the business closed. It cannot be said that a blank is felt in the city upon the departure of tho delegates that the reports of days' or nights' procesdings are sadly missed in tho columns of daily news. Rather, there is a pleasant consciousness of something unpleasant having taken its departure; something assertive, and yet unclean; some- thing upon which it was a matter of duty to bestow a certain amount of attention, but which yielded neither satisfaction, promise, nor consolation ; something which ii, is letter to forget as speedily and thoroughly as possible, but which will not be forgotten unless it first receive all the attention it merits, is fairly examined, honestly judged, and laid as an unwelcome ghost with proper ceremony. Let us be just and generous with tho conference and its mem bera, let us endeavour to discover one single item of its work which will tend, not to tho glory of God (we be- lieve the whole business must ultimately tend to tho glory of God in the destructive effect it must have upon the hopes or intents of those who have dreamed of a better way than any of the Churches or tho old moralities know), but towards the elevation or the true emancipation of man. We have already examined the various works of tho conference ; let us now summarise them. The two prominent acts have been the protest against any religious instruction in schools, and against any police interference with the purveyors of obscene literature. What are they worth ? What are they calculated to do for this city, colony, or mankind? The first is ridiou lous, because fighting with a matter that has no existence ; tho second, supposes that tho class of books seized and destroyed are calculated to be of good ser- vice to general readers, but what are they ? Here are the titles of a few:—"The Elements of Social Science,'' " Paris by Gaslight," " Dark Deeds Un- ravelled/'" Tho Disclosures of a Barrister, " " Nana." Are they the literature of seculurism ? They appear to be the only style of literature secularism cares to defend. Further, we have the refusal to toast the Queen, and the desire to make easier the road to divorce. The former of these must be taken to indicate a spirit of sedition—a desire of a miserable, almost contemptible, minority to rebel against the usages of existing order; a dislike to render unto Cæsar the things which unquestionably are Cæsar's, which might possibly have been expected amongst a set who stead- fastly and persistently refuse to render unto God the things that are Cod's. 'The latter—tho desire for an easy road to divorce—it is difficult to criticise. If made in the interest of the poorer classes of society, against whom the existing law does press unequally and at times unjustly, it would be entitled to respect ; but we find no trace of any such intent. The desire is not to to stretch the law so as to give poverty relief from galling chains, but to open ways of escape for those led by passion and selfishness, rather than by simple impossi- bility of maintaining self-respect and enduring their bonds. Then, further, there are two evident requirements (we might almost write exigencies) of a proper secularistic condition—the one being to proclaim tho fact of free thought, or rather free hate, the other to abuse all Churches. The former of these seems to compel the secularist at times, as we read in ancient looks of evil spirits compelling their victims to cry out and make proclamation. A matter of fact of this sort may be quoted (and without reflection upon the host) of a youth who at a supper table, in the midst of a free discussion, positively bawled out, " I am an atheist," and appeared to expect that applause would follow. Poor youth, he made but a direct appeal for general pity, as must every other making such a confession, which does but argue a defective mental constitution. Anti- God because unconscious of God; anti reverence, de- votion, worship, because unconscious of those senti- ments. Yet why so? The man colour-blind, or deaf to the delights of harmony, is not angry or contemptu- ous towards those whose broader and keener perceptions convey impressions unfelt by him. It is to be feared that a deeper depth is to be plumbed in tho secularists mind before tho root cause of this antagonism is reached ; and it may be that that depth is found in jealousy. Every secularistic leader would, if he could, be an archbishop; as he cannot, he will revile the arch- bishop. He lusts after the purple ; as he cannot attain it he bespatters it with abuse. It is absolutely neces- sary to make some hypothesis of the sort, or otherwise to attribute to tho secularist a depth of folly which is a disgrace to humanity, For can it be possible that any body of men endowed with ordinary reason, and free of nihilistic tendencies, would pass by all the theft, blasphemy, lewdness, cruelty, sloth, negligence, anger, pride, malice, cruelty of tho world, and attack its religion as the one great sin? How does religion hurt or hinder man if men be re- garded from tho purely secular standpoint? Does it, did it ever, teach him to lie, steal, conduct himself lewdly or cruelly ? Did religion, or at least does any religion of the present day, debar any man from making the best of his present life ? Is it any break upon the progress of the world, any chain upon the feet of a man who desires to learn, labour, love, laugh to the full capacity of his being? What has it done to merit the terrible anathema unless it bar the way of the secularietic thief to the goal of his ambition ? However it may be, this fact stands: to the secularist religion the religion of tho Churches is the one great sin, the only sin worth fighting. It stands foremost in tho propaganda. The people must be saved, the children rescued from the clutches of " the fiendish. Churches." Nothing about the slums, the moral cesspits of the city ; nothing about the sins which spot tho skin as with leprosy, which put poison in the flesh and rottenness in the bones. If we could think of a secu larist in saintly or chivalrous attitude, a St. George of freethought or secularism vanquishing the dragon who opposed him, it would be some typical or conventional figure of the cult, with hoof upon tho body, and spear at tho throat of the personified genius of religion, with all the devildom that combines to mock religion, morality, law, order, and decency howling triumphantly around. Search the propaganda if there be any doubt about this; find any slightest matter in contemplation,any faintest project or limit of a scheme for the amelioration of the manifold woes of humanity, that certainly do grow apart from the Churches, There is certainly a motion for the abolition of the oath, an attempt to import the Bradlaugh imbroglio into Australia ; but we are very safe in saying "Wait a while " to this. A Bradlaugh has not yet arisen amongst us. There is also a hint about temperance. Upon a future day the society may see its way to countenance a form of temperance that is divided by a sufficient gulf from godliness ; but it is not an urgent matter—neither is visiting the sick, nor cleansing the filthy, nor feeding tho hungry—but urgent and imperative it is to enter the State school upon the same day with the minister of any church, though it may be extremely difficult to define for what purpose ; to broaden the road to the Divorce Court and increase tho State burden of un- portioned orphans, and the State disgrace of unbridled profligacy ; to keop the way clear for tho outpouring of any quantity of obscene literature that can screen itself in a cloak of philosophy, most falsely so-called ; and to give offensive shape to any sentiment of seditious discontent that may have place in undis- ciplined minds. These are tho acknowledged, the disclosed, the plainly labelled fruits of the secularistic tree. whose seeds are cast abroad in too many minds. What does the reasonable man say of it ? "What does conscience compel him to say as he marks it germinating, budding, sprouting ? Is there any hope in it, any promise of it? If the old familiar plants of faith and hope and charity, and reverence and devotion and self-sacrifice, have been somewhat tardy in bringing forth fruit, and generally have made but a sparse and wintry show, can we permit this wretched thorn, this miserable parasite, to grow up and choke them ? By their fruits, however poor, we know them ; by its utter lack of fruit, or of promise of bud, blossom, or fruit, we also know this, and, therefore, wherever it may appear, have but one duty—Cut It down; why cumbereth it the ground ? 