CROWDING PASSENGER STEAMERS. TO twr EDITOR. SlEj—I do jaot -want to commence by saying that, " Ax a constant reader, I beg to draw the public attention, etc.," be cause I am not a constant reader of yonr journal, but do want to draw public attention to the danger of going on over ■■crowded -boats. On Saturday last the " Alert" was so crowded that I (a saloon passenger), and at least -from -thirty, to _ forty others, were nnable to find a place "to sit down. Allow me to ask yon and the general public what we should have done in case of an accident, and if Messrs Hiiddart and Parker would have gone quietly to bed knowing that, by not having provided sufficient life apparatus, +Tipv wprp fliAoanso of /icono7« of 7mml?w7 lives being lost —Yours, etc., Annum (J iis. Temperance Hotel, Little Collins-street, Melbourne. {All steamers are rushed at holiday time, bat that does not Justify the absence of better life-saving apparatus, generally, on ship-board.—Ed.,G.^1.] The Pall Mall GcceUc states that a pro posal has been made to form a Religious G oild for persons connected with the press " from the Editor to the stoker's boy at the en gine." The rales are—That the members should pledge themselves to go to some place of worship at least once on Sonday, and, if possible, once on week days ; to spend five minntes a day in private prayer; to he "temperate in dress, speech and food"— (nothing is said about drink); " to he friendly with those with whom they work, ana. if possible; to induce them to join the Guild." Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill come of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'a ghost: "How do I knew that yon are not a bit,of undigested breadfor, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is the most potent It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold bledal Powder in making bread; for, althoogh it won't "raise ghosts," it icill raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and eveiy.good bouse wife boys it 