Intercolonial Telegrams, [BY SUBMARINE CABLE,] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. Colonel-Sargood formally opened on Saturday the new source of water supply for the Geelong reservoir, near Ballan, which will increase Geolong's supply to 500,000 gals. daily. The marble statues given to the Ballarat Botanical Gardens were unveiled with con- siderable ceremony on Saturday. ' A boy named John'Johnston o has, djed 1ft. tho Mulboiirno Hospital from injnrlos re- ceived while playing football. In tho football mutches playod yeatorday, tho following results ensued :-Goolong v. Hotham, at East Molbourno ground, Goolong seven goals to Hotham throe. Norwood (South Auatralia) ». Carlton, on Molbourno ground, midodiu, a draw, for three goals each. Esaondon boat Ballarat, at Ballarat. Routh* Ballarat beat Fitzroy, at Ballarat. South Molbourno boat Maryborough, at Maryborough. South Yarra boat Caatlo maino, at Castlomaino ; and Molbourno boat Kyneton, at Kyneton, Banian, on Saturday afternoon, waa pre- sented with an addross from tho Viotorlan Rowing Association. At an exhibition he gavo in tho ovouing, at tho Exhibition building, only two or throo hundred peoplo attonded, tho ontranoo foo being BO high, The Queen's Birthday celebration waa officially deferred until tho 1st July, hut no business waa dono on Saturday, and aovcra] sporting fixtures wore hold In various parts ef tlie oolony, Tho Melbourne Hunt Club racos woro held at Flemington on Saturday, with the fol- lowing results ; SKLLINCI RACK,-Liddington, 1 ; Saxon, 2, Knowledge, 3. CORINTHIAN FLAT RACK,.-Paillcroo, 1( Manfred, 2 ; Petrel, .1. FLYING STAKES.-Cupola, 1 ; The Ghost, 2 ; Pyrotto, 3. Ori(N STKKI'LUOIIASK.-Blackthorn, j. Chippenham, 2; The Bruni, 3. SKLLINO STAKES,-Impulso, 1 ; Egerton, 2 ; Pan, 3. QUKEN'H BIUTHUAY STAKES.-Pallleroo, 1; The Ghost, 2 ; Cupola, 3. Arrivod.-S.a. Fatoona, from Hobart. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, SUNDAY. Hoavy rain foil ali day on Saturday, and has continued to-day. Tho Sydney Turf Club racoa havo bcou postponed until noxt Saturday, and other mnuBomoutB havo boen pul off. Tho streets woro a doaorted appearance A musical festival was givon at tho Exhi- bition on Saturday night, at the closing of Mr. Booth's tomporanoo mission. QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, SATOIWAY. Mr. Garrióle, Agont-Gonoral, left for England to day. Tho racoB woro continued today. Fine weather prevailed, and there was again a largo attendance, * including tho Governor and suite. Tho Moreton Handicap, ono milo and a half, was won by MacGlll's Creston, 7st, 81b. (Pattorson), 1. Moonoy's lUotor, Ost. 101b. (Black Lock), 2. Joat's Legacy, 8st. 91b. (Jones), 3. Ton started. Time : 2min. 52J|Sec. SOUTn AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, SUNDAY. A special mooting of tío Malino Board Ima considorcd tho circumstances of tho grounding of tho Swift at Point Malcolm, Three wltncssos wero examined, and it was decidod to rofcr tho caso to a Court of Marino Enquiry. Twonty bakers aro still on strike, and at a mooting held last night it was resolved to remain firm, and inaiat on the demands of tho association. Mr. Swanston, the secre- tary, asset led th it thoro was capital avail- able to start co-oporativo bakeries whonover tho society liked to do so. Tlio general feeling is against conferring with tho masters. [From tlio Melbourno papera.] VICTORIA. BALLARAT, May 21. There is a probability of a Btriko in tlio bakors' trado on Saturday. Tlio Journeymen Bakers' Association notified tho masters last week that unless tho eight hours' concession was ngrccd to, tho men would go out after Saturday. Tho Mastors' Association has decided that, as it waB impossiblo that employees could do justice to their employers within tlio eight hours, that the application should be refused. It was also left to tho individual employers to agrco or refuso to sign the document presented by the journey- men, asking for a reduction of tho hours of labour. Tho butchers aro also agitating for shoi'icr hours, but thoro is no unanimity among the employees, At their meeting it was stated that tho principal causo of tho shops being kept open lato was the working mau, who enjoyed the eight hours' boon. ÖIIEI.ONO, May 22. Tho merchants and persons interested in tho shipping trado boro aie taking initiatory steps for tlio formation of a Bar Committee. Tlio object is to take ptompt steps towards having tho now channel out as speedily as Sossiblo, and also to got tho present channel eeponcd, as woll as to forward tlio harbour improvements generally. Hitherto the matters affecting shipping interests havo boon managed by tho town council, but the process has been so tedious that the mer- chants bellove that united action on their pait will havo greater forco and expedition. SANDHURST, May 22. At a meeting of tlio journeymen butchers last night, it was reported that three em- ployers had refused to concedo tho Wednes- day half-holiday and tho closing of their shops at 10 o'clock on Saturday nights. It was rosolrcd that theso employers should ho waited upon, and in tho ovont of thoir per- sistent refusal that tho mon employed go out on strike. The action of the Railway Commissioners in advertising for artisans at a ruto of wages under that prescribed by the united trades union has caused considerable commont boro ; and a mooting of tho engineers was held to-night, at which it was decided to confer with tho central union in Melbourne, witli a view to conserving tile rate of payment recogniBod among tho trade in this district. , NEW SOUTH WALES. "A" , SYDNEY, May 22. < Tho Colonial Seoretary, tho Minister of Publie Instruction, and Commodore Erskine paid a visit to tho Wolvhrcno this morning, m order .that, the Govornmeiit might have the assistance of the Commodore's views in dealing with tho Wolverono. Tho visitors were well satisfied with tho appearance ¿Of tlie ship. The opinion of Commodore Erskine Will be embodied in tho leport of the.Col nial Sccrotary. ''\ ,' Tho Mayor of Sydnoy, accompanied bj tho inspeotor of nuisances, tho city archi- , tect, and Dr. Dansey, visited and inspected ' several localities In and around the city to-1 day. A largo numbor of places wero con- demned. The principal districts visited were Goulburn, Bank, Regent, MoArthur, and Wattle streets. Tho sights at somo of tile places visited woro sickening. China- men and| Europeans, men and women, wero found all huddled together in rooms not large enough for ono person. The steamship Albion, which was pur- | chased some time ago by Messrs. Ellis and r Mitchell, from tho Onion Steamship Co. of New Zealand, mado a trial trip down the harbour to day, after having received a thorough overhaul. Tlio trial waB in every way successful, a speed equal to 12 knots being attained. ' Tho committee appointed (in accordant» with tho suggestion of tho Colonial Secre- tary) to visit tho lind on the southorn sido of Botany Bay, to jntlgo of its suitableness as a Bite for noxious trades, havo visited tlio locality, and unanimously approved of tho site. Not less than 3,000 acres will lie dedi- cated for this purpose. An address on tho principles of protection, With Bpeclal rcf crenco to tlio condition of the unemployed, waa delivered to-night in tho Protestan " Hall, Caatloroagh-stroet, by Mr. David Buchanan, M.L.A. In tho course ot his address he said that tho present Ministry had so deserted . everything in the shape of Hood government, that when an opportunity occurred ,tho people- would not IOBO a moment ¡in extinguishing its moinbois. Things wero now in a frightful stato, and ho had given notice that ho should movo for a fivo per cent, ml valorem duty. ' Mt, R..T. Booth, of tho Bluo Ribbon Army, dolivored a farowell address at tho Exhibition-building to-night before a very largo audionco. At tho ofoso of tho proceed- ings ho was presented by the chairman with a chenno for £300, subscribed by tho citizens of Sydney, Ho also received a chctiuo for £135 to cover lils expenses during the mis- sion hero. : SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Mai* 22. A- mooting of creditors in tho csjAte of Hanson Woodoook, a woil-known butcher at Adela! te, North Adelaide and ai°ne1g.wM hc Iel this morning,, when it waa decided to iÏÏten ¿io «.tate. The «stato wa» sold after Ä to Messrs, Gordon and Co. for 5.. In Z pound, the cash amount involved being between £28,000 and £30,000. ' The Gladstone and Lan» Railway, which mislit to havo boon oomploted in January, , wifi he oponed for trafilo «oat month. At a mooting of the Wlttabrlna OM. Co. todav. ItwaBlIoclded to Issuo 15,000 now ¡hares anil that if 10,000 were not applied for within a month tho company should bo woundup. Ovor 4,000 shares woro takon mi in tho room. 'it is estimated that 2,000,000 acres aro under wheat crop this yoar, much being In scrub country, whore thoro ia a toloribly nood rainfall. Tim Government statistlea of tho late liarvcst givo tho gross yiold of «heat from 1,8-10,175 acres, at 7 bushels «Jib. por acre, aa 14,(140,230 bushola, which, deducting tho amount required for food and ?red will loavo about 300,000 tons nvallablo for export. The quantity Bhippod to date is 157 000 tons, and tho tonnage already on ».u "M1 i« .r»0,000 tons, "...,. " i'lii) bust of the late Bishop Short, the di mcellor of the Adolaido University from the studio of tho late Marshall Wood and lu-, i,on, has boon purchased out of the pro ce-ils of ft shilling subscription, and placed in a ponilisn nt tho ontraneo to tho uni r.n>lty. Tho bust arrivod by tho last P. and (j. «toamcr. The new trial on a criminal information iraluat Hurford and Sons, soap aud oaudlo manufacturers, for creating a nuisance In the city, has occupied tho attention of tlio Supremo Court for Bovoral days. To-day the Crown abandoned the branch of tho caso that tho dolondants woro Hablo for tho niiifiiioe "causod by tho omanntiona of acuilme vapour from the Bowers and ventila . tom, *a it waa tho duty of tho commissioner of iowors to tako away what waa placod in tho Bowers. Tho prosecution will procood upon tho branch of tho ctwo that tho factory itsolf is a nuisance. NEW ZEALAND. AUCKLAND, May 22. The representativo football team dofeatod sovoutcen of tho Wellington players to-day, prior to tho doparturo of the team for Sydney._ 