SPORTING. It appears almost a useless task to go over lbs-Melbourne Gup weights at this early period in the expectancy of selecting the pro bable winner. The bookmakers will lay level money that one cannot pick a starter, and then the odds are in their favor. The first forfeit must be declared on Monday, August 4, and that declaration will weed out many of thOBe who have not the ghost of a chance of winning, and whose name have only appeared in the list of nominations the of their owners' curiosity to see what weight the handicapper would put upon them in such high-class con pany. Mr. Barnard has recog nised that Commotion is still the champion of the colonies, as he has awarded him first place with 9 st, 12 lbs., or 3 lbs. less than he had last year. On that occasion he ran third to Martini-Henri, and received more than a 3 lbs. heating, in the quickest Cap oa re cord, so that we can hardly expect the game son of Panic to better his la&t; year's form, or obtain more than third place on this occasion. Malua is treated as a very dangerous customer, and has been awarded 4 lbs. over his weight for age. He has proved himself a very brilliant performer when slipped, and there is no reason why he should not be as good a horse as Commotion. Mr. Scarr gives him 9 st. 7 lbs. in the Metro politan, the handicap being made on the 8 st. minimum, so that he must hold Malua in higher estimation than even Mr. Barnard. Le Grand has 9 st. 4 lbs. in the Cup and 9 st. 3 lbs. in the Metropolitan, bo that both handicappers agree as to the prominent position which this weight-carrier and noted performer should occupy. The Hew Zealand Welcome Jack, who will come over to Fiemingfcon specially to fill this engagement, has 9 st. 2 lbs., and is reported to be another Mata. Martini-Henri is deservedly called upon to'carry 2 lbs. more than his weight-for-age, and most still be dangerous at that. Sir Modred may not have sufficient brilliancy for the company at two miles. Guesswork has again been harshly treated, as he is but a pony, and 5 st. 12 lbs. must tell upon him at the end of such a big race. Calma, the Plunger, and Off Colcr (the latter also badly used at 8st. 10 lbs.) will find their masters; but Stockwell, if well, should have a Bay in it, as he can carry bis S st. 9 lbs. easily enough. We reach Despot, 7 st. 12 lbs., as the next best in the race, and First Demon at the same weight should be deserving of consideration. Favo, Britisher, Capri, Garfield, Bargo, Conjecture, Ned of the Hills, Maroney, Wing, Coir, and the Broker seem to be the best of the seven to eight stone division; and Silver King, Paganini, Plausible, Phil Athol, Cairngorm, Privateer, The Maid, Bend Or, and Country Boy the best of the light weight division. The handicap on the whole is scarcely equal to Mr. Barnard's happiest efforts, and a number cf inconsistencies might be pointed ont. 