THE ZIC ZAC TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. ? By Lloyd C1. Tjtosipkon. For nearly nineteen years I liava been waiting for somo one to write tho history of this lino; a .' .during all thia time no account of ita origin, or the manner in which it performed its work, has boon published, und, so fur as I can learn, no hint oven of its cxietcucq ha 3 appeared in print. Can it bo possible that I was solo proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alone went creeping over the wires; that its faithful, patient services ivare tivcn to mc only ? If so, upon ma clearly evolvc3 the task of writing its history. And yet, to own the truth, this task is not an easy one. The 7Ag Zag wa3 such an anomaly among telegraphs, suah a bizarre affair alto gether, that it sets at defiance all ordinary methods of description. It was behiud the times; it was slow with its messages; it carried them a long way around, and stopped with them in unexpected placea; there was an air of mistiness about it that made mc sometimes euapect that it was only the ghost of i telegraph—the phantom, perhaps, of sorno uncompleted, early invention left an orphan by the death ofjthe inventor. But stay—l must be more explicit. Thi? telegraph was not composed of solid material substance; it did not consist of actual posts and wires. It was a phenomenon of an ex ceptional condition of body or mind, a phase of mental, action in a given direction, a system of exploration in the realms oi msmory, a—well, I will admit it at once, a tOTiw.thing that I never quite understood ; a problem, tho solution of which I have many times almost reached, but which has always eluded mc by dodging around unexpected corners and disappearing when I thought I had forced it into a at! d<; sue. I will there fore make public my experience with this line, and transfer to otiiers the solution of the problem ; and, as the condition of body and mind was douht!es3 a factor necessary to the solution, I will make known this conditioa by brielly telling a small portion of my life's history. On the Oth of March, a.i\ 1805, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad liiver, twelve miles from Wilmington, N.C., Bud stood once more, with bared head and thank ful heart, beneath the flag of our country. The cmclinns nr/akenod by the sight of this etnbkm oi all we liGld dear, I shall not venture t* describe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute o* v.otd3 to the flag sanctified by bap tism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest. For more than ten months I had been a prisoner at Andnrson ville and Florence. In this article I shall make no attempt to portray tho horrors of A.idcrsonville. The evldecca under seal iur nished by those thirteen thousand grave 3 needa no cerroboration by parole testimony. When the storm has paaaed, the wrecks on the beach are surer records of the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was conscious thnt I had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systematic. At the time I was paroled I wes suffering from scurvy and general debility, and had also endured most of tho minor sick nesses of the camp; but thu3 far I h.id escaped those fearful fevers that had wrecked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a striinga dullness took possession of mc. My mind refused to act with its accustomed vigor. Owing to the ravcnou3 appetites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them; and, al though the regular daily ration was moro than sufficient for mc, I fell into the line with the others and drew tho extra. Thi3 I took to my tant-tnate, for safe-keeping, and again fell in and repeated the process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, racking paiue assaiied mo, and I long;>d inexpressibly for homo. Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and wa straggled, and pushed, and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck just as tho c*ptain announced that ho had a load, and could take no more. My recollections of the voyage are confuted. I remomber being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also re member staggering up to draw rations, al though I could not eat. Then I was helped oft the vessel, and some one took mc by the arm and led mc away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said, " Waeh him. ,. And then— blnnkness. lloiv long tho blank lasted I do not know. When my consciousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoko it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in n fresh suit of array blue, wag standing by tho bud-side. Ho expressed no surprise as his glance mot mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort co slight on action required. I ga;:ed at the skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondered where I had been while that hand was growing so thin. I B&id;, "What's tho matter?" He eaid, " You have had the fever. You're all right now. Pon't tr.lk." Ilia voice was low and even: it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; he moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The ho- jpitr.l surgeon visited mc at intervals; he asked mo no questions; ho merely looked at mc and passed on. I had a ravenous appetite, and, with tho regularity of clockwork, ii tray was placed before mo on which waa a cup of tea aud a delicato piece of tor.at crowned with poached egg. Aa I gazed at this dainty repast, 1 thought it a. meal til for a god—that is, for n very small god. After a fuw days the pyramid on the plato was increased in altituflo by the inser tion of another slice of toast under the ovari- OH3 cruwn, and Hanked by a bottle of porter. Ntixt came the order for admission to thcfull diut table, and Boon after the certificate en titling mc to a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangement of tho raiad'3 action. My main interest in life centred in the present, or reached forward to the future; but still memories of the past, mostly of hope and early life, came to mc naturally. I hud, however, made no attempt to recall past events, as tho admirable system of unquestioning treatment practised at St. Mary's Gollcgo Green Hospital had sug gested no such effort; aud it was only when called upon to answer questions, at tho time I applied for a furlough, that I discovered tho singular phase o£ mental aberration which forms the subject of this narrative. I have said that my recovery was rapid; perhaps I ought to add that as I threw off tho foyer I began to suffer with a difficulty in my feet, probably scurvy—a difficulty that increased daily, until each foot feis liko au immense bruise. But as this disease did not trouble mo seriously while I was in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to nny one, fearing that to do so would delay my departure for home. This brief portion of personal hiotory is, I believe, all that is necessary to put tho public in possession of faota that have any bearing on tho problem under discussion. And now I come to the most difficult part of my task, the portrayal on paper of this abnoimal action of the mind: and in order successfully to do this, I must describe the normal uction in the same direction in such o way that it will be clearly recognised by all, and yet in such a way n3 will enable the reader to comprehend tho abnormal. Hold! I have it! I will materialises this action; and if tho materialisation lacks an arm, or even v leg to stand on—as ia not un naually tho case—i( it but eerve my purposo before vanishing in thin air, I shall be con tent. I will represent memory us a network of telegraph wires, the main lino connecting tho mind with the beginning of conscious existence, and sido wires connecting this line with each event, each incident, each thought, of past life. When tho mind ia unimpaired, and the linea are in perfect working order, information can be obtained instantly from any of tho outlying stations. Thequostionis flashed over tho wires, and the answer is re turned, and the combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no perceptible action of the mind is required, and the mind is unquestioning and at rest: and yet, from the various depots in -which onr experiences of tha past are stored, the messages come trooping in, and we call thorn memories. These are phases of the normal action of the intellect and the undisturbed working of the lines. But lam also familiar with many phases of abnormal action, and various phases of WTeck in the lines of com munication: First, the poor, wretch with the wire all down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, where the main line is cut atagiven point in the past. Back to this point the communications are perfect and the side lines complete, but beyond—nothingness. Third, where tho main line is complefe and the side line 3 are in order near tho farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from childhood to the present. This is a common case. Tho gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of the prayer his mother taught him is familiar, but he caunot remember a sentence of tho speech that made him famous ten years ago. He does not recognise an acquaintonce of yester day, but the face 3 of tho friends of his boy hood stand out clear and distinct. I need not particularise further; every one is familiar with tbe gaps in sections, where the storms of life have beaten down the side lines, and with the downfall of individual wires. Neither will it bo worth while to call attention to the slight derangement cf a particular wire that does not respond as promptly as we wish, but leaves our qnestion unanswered, whils the operator at tha ether terminus apparently takes a short nap, and we scratch our heads in vexation. My object in writing this ar ticle is to describe this woll-known system of communication only so far as may be neces sary to explain the working of the other line, which no one but myself appears to have used; and a3 I made U3O of both, I will designate the former as the Direct line, and the latter as the Zig Zag. The Direct line was always at my ?service oneway —it would bring messagea, but could not be relied on to carry them; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captious manner; and some times it would apparently grow sulky and re fuse them altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not captious; it did not sulk when called upon to do the work refused by its rival; it went steadily, ploddingly, at its task, and never rested till its work was done. These two line 3 were distinct in almost every respect, and in order to make tho distinction plain I will describe as concisely as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zsg. First, it never took a despatch straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending back messages from every station. These messagas wero dim pictures of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reached a certain uniform point of distinctness, when they vanished instantly. Second, thes<j return messages never con tained the information I was seeking, and some of thorn appeared to havo no possibla connection with it; and yet I was conscious that each of these dissolving views, brought mc nearer the object of my search. Third, no communication came back over the Zig Zag from the station where it finally delivered my despatch, but instead the answer came flashing over the Direct Line. This was tue most perplexing part of the whole trans action j_for, although assured tbat each re turning* message by the Zig Zag brought mc one station nearer tho station containing the object sought, I never knew how many still intervened, and the answer by the Direct Line invariably caught mc puzzling over the last message by the Zig Z?g, aud gave mo a little shock, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out behind him and cries, " Boo." Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with tho remoteness or nearness ol the intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direat Line—A containing stores deposited five years and B thoso deposited six months before; messages to B would sometimes hi carried farther around and stop at more sta tions than messages to A. Fifth, to each despatch the return messages came at regular intervals after tho first, which took about twice tho timo of eaoh of the others. Sixth, the length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches ; the answers to some coming very slowly, and to others quito rapidly. Seventh, sending and receiving messages by this line produced a certain strain on mind and body that vas not felt when using the Direct Line. And now, having partially described the working of this line, 1 will go back to the time when I discovered it. I had been noti fied that a furlough would be given mc by ap plying at a certain office, to which I was "directed, and, with visions of home floating before my mind, I walked into tho room and stopped at the desk. A grave, stern-looking officer, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, sat by the table. He looked up aud said: " Your name." I gave it, and then supposed ho would fill out my furlough; but instead he recorded my name in the book, and then inquired; " What regiment do you belong to?" Of course I knew per fectly well that tho information sought was among my stores, but when I turned, to tho pa?t with tho question, " What regiment do I belong to!" I was amazed to find that tho Direct Line did not respond. My despatch was oil on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messagas camn back : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak field, with a swamp extending from side to sido near tho centre; tho field enclosed with a stockade, and crowded with wretched, dirty, ragged men; outside tho dead-line, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faces" turned to the sky. Second message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers charging through an open field, with a forest before them; the lino is broken and jagged, as if it had met a blizzard of load; there are empty saddles, and fallen Hags, and a bluo-and-red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment of soldiers on dress parade; the soldiers wear blue coats; there are figures on the fronts of thoir caps. By the Direot Line, Seventy-sixth Now York. I gavo tho namo of my regiment, and the officer dashed it down, and asked, brusquely: "What company?" I ought to havo been prepared for this question, but I was not. My mind, was so dazed with the strange workings of tha two lines that I thought of nothing else until the question was put.. Again.l..turned to tho past, and inquired: " What oompany ?" and again tho tZig Zag took tho question- First messago by Zig Zag. A river spanned by a bridge; boyond the bridgo an arch of evergreens and flags; a throng of man harry* ing over the bridgo and undor the arch; the' men aro emaciated and half-naked, but their faces glow with joy. . Second message by Zig Zag. A forest; Union soldiera groupod round a dead cavalry man; a-sergeant with face turned toward the group, a.i if about to givo an order; a lino of Confederate troops in front. 1 By the Direct Line, Company F. ?'. ? I named the company, and theofficer jotted;? it down, and said f " Your captain's name ?"y And the Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zng. A long line of ?:? Union soldiers, with a group of officers ony horseback in front; tbe officers with field- [.? glasses to their eye 3; the ground in front v descending to a. small stream, then ascending \ to a ridge ; the ridge crowntd with a line ot]' Confederate earth-works and batteries; sharp-? ??hooters deployed as skirmishers between the y line 3. .''My-- Second message by 55 ie Zag. A prisony pen : a scaffold; six men with ropes around-.''; their neck 3 and meal-sacks drawn over their' heads: a sea of faces turned up toward they scaffcld. , y :v Third message by Zig Zag. A brigade;; drawn up in hollow square; a man kneelingy oa a coffin, with a file of soldiers t ; an officer standing stern and pale, his ex tended right hand holding a white bandker*. ohief. By the Diract Lino, Captain Goddard. The officer took, down the name, and in quired, impatiently, " When did you enlist?" I had noted his growing irritability, and it in creased my distress. Other patients were waiting to ba questioned. Tho fear that my mind was hopelessly shattered was growing , into certainty. The strain on my mind and body incident to sending and receiving mes- ?? sagas was intense.' My knees shools under ma, and great drops of exact, stood on my.S forehead; but I turned dncgediy to the past . with the inquiry, " When did I enlist ? " The' Direct Line rejected the message, as it had the others, but the faithful Zig Zag did not desert ma; although evidently over-worked, it came bravely to the rescue, and took ;my message. The first response was longer than usual in coming, but it ct.ma at last. Message by Zig Zag. A large sheet of. water with a river emptying into it; a snug harbor; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand in the centre; the grove and stand covered, with people. At this point the officer repeated the ques tion, " When did you enlist ? " The inter ruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. The tone of the question demanded an im mediate answer of some sort. I made cna desperate effort to force tho answer from the Direct Line, then I said sadly, " I can't tell." The officer laid down his pen, and said petulantly, " I can't give you a furlough if yon - can't tell mo when you enlisted." Oh, the agony of that moment 1 I was not to go home after all ? Was it not enough that I was shattered in body and mind, but must this very ruin cut off my last chance for recovery ? I thought not of tho-forms of respect due from a private to a supsrior; I felt only the injustice oi fate. The instinct of self-preser vation asserted itself. The old spirit of re sistance tbat had carried mc through so many trials blazed out afresh for a moment, and I exclaimed passionately:— " Can't you make some allowance? Can't you see what a wreck I am? I've been in prison, GoS knows how long, and I've had the fever, and I can't think 1" The protest began almost fiercely,-but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and cried like a child. For a moment the silence of the room was broken only by sobs; then a gentle voice said: " I can make allowance; don't distress yourself." Could this be the voice of that 3tern official? I glanced at him through my tears, and from that instant I havj had a truer understanding cf the story of the transfiguration. His iace was as tender 3S a woman's. With tho utmost gentleness, he assured mc that the matter could bear ranged, that I must take time, and give, tho date as nearly aa possible. Thus encouraged, I commenced again on the Zig Zag, and found the year, and then tho month, but not the day. The furlough waa granted, however, and, storing the paper safely in my pocket, I took the first train for home. At first I was a good deal troubled about the peculiarities of the Zig Zag, but I soon made a discovery that proved it to be a friend, and also showed that the Direct Line, in refusing somo of my messages and taking others, was acting according to law instead of in a spirit of caprice, a3 I ac first supposed. r The work of the Zig Zig wa3 to open com munications with the stations on the Direct Line, and it had only to convey ono message to each station to accomplish this. When ~' tho message was received aud the answer sent back by the Direct Line, the connection with that station by the Direct Line was estab lished, and messages Hashed back and forth : with their former regularity. I havo before spoken of the messages that came unbidden; thc3s also opened communication on the; Direct Line, and to theso two sets of stations my messages went straight. Stimulated by this discovery, I operated tho Zig Zig cheer fully, for I know that each returning message enlarged the area of the reconquered territory. By means of the voluntary messages and tho efforts of the Zig Zag, I wns soon in direct communication with most of tho stations, and tho usa of the Zig Zag became the ex ception. At this time I used to ponder a good deal on the subject, and strive to comprehend tho working of these lines. One thing that perplexed mo greatly was the gap .? between the last message' by the Zig Zag and the return message by tho Direct Line. On ..'...? exploring these stations after direct commu nication had been established, I found that somo of the Zig Zag messages approached very nearly tho information required; for example, the ono iv regard to tho company. ?? It will be recollected thut, in the last picture presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give au order. Now, tha order really given was: " Company F, into line;" but as no inkling of what this order was reached mc at the time, by either line, tho | gap, though apparently small, could not be filled up. At other times, I could not, by the most careful examination, find the least con nection between the last message by the Zig Zag and the answer by tho Direct Line. This puzzled mc, and I imagined that somo of tho messages by the Zig Zag had miscarried, and had found thoir way to some unknown dead letter office; but I finally became satisfied that the pap, in each instance, extended only from the last station on the Zig Zsg to the Btation on the Direct Line containing the in formation sought. I now give the course of reasoning by which this conclusion waa reached. Since tho messages by tho Zig Zag camo at regular intervals after the first, and the first took double tho timo of each of the others, I concluded that the despatch I sent travelled at exactly tho eamo rato of speed aa I the return messages. Thus, if A, B and C ropresent stations ou tho Zig Zag, and D the j desired point on tho Direct Line, and tha in terval of timo between messages was five [ seconds later, or at tho exact time that my ' despatch reached B ; while the message from ! B would reaoh mc at tho same instant that i my despatch reached C, and consequently the message from C would reach mo at the same time that my despatch reached D, the point on the Direct Lino; and us tho transmission of messages on the Direct Lino ocoupiod no appreciable time, this view of tho case was sustained by the fact that the ans-ver by the Direct Line always came to mc while I was examining tho last message by tho Zig Zsg._ And now the history of this strange lino is finished, at least ao far as my knowledge of it extends. I bid farewell to the Zig Zag for-, over. Ah 1 but is it forever ? As I sit in the twilight and watch tho gathering shadows, and thiuk of tho time in tho not distant futuro whon tho shadows filial gather for the . last time, and when perhaps the parting soul will long to send tho final messages of love, I aek myself, " Shall I not find it again ?" 