(ago Ssb-Wg proves lattin SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1884. ? o In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Ministers replied to the questions of which notice had been given. ; Six petitions were presented, praying that amendments he made in the Licensing Act. Mr. Winona; laid on the table a return in relation to the new combined car and motor, and it was ordered that it be printed. Mr. A. G. TAYLOR, under a motion for the adjournment of the House, commented noon the delay in opening the railway to Rylstone, the dismissal of tramway officials without what he considered to be a fair inquiry, and the want of accuracy in the replies to his questions respecting the accounts of the assistant stationmaster at Orange. A debate followed, in which Mr. STOKES, Mr, WRIGHT, Mr. WITHERS, Mr. BUCHA_:_._F Mr. CAMERON. Mr. POOLE, Mr. ABIGAIL., Mr. LEVIEN, I Mr, E. Court, Mr. STUART, Mr. CASS, and Mr. S. SMITH took part, and in which, in addition to the subjects introduced by Mr. Taylor, reference was made to 1 the necessity for railway extensions in the country districts, the alleged discourtesy of the Minister for Works to Mr. Stokes in declining to see him on public business when he called at his office, the requirements of a portion of South Sydney in respect of sewerage, the enforcement of penalties against contractors by the Department of Public Works, the misunderstandings which had led to more holidays being proclaimed tot country districts than had at first been intended, and the absence of uniformity in granting holidays for the employees in the railway service. Mr. Wilson- explained that no discourtesy was intended to Mr. Stokes in his declining to see him at his office, and that he was at the time bound to keep an appointment with a deputation from Newtown. Mr. CASS presented a petition from the Coonamble. Selectors' Association, praying the House not to pass the Land J_L_.il]. Massages were received from the Excellency the Governor, notifying that he had, on behalf of her Majesty, assented to the University Additional Degrees Bill, the Grant of a Portion of Church and School Lands to Mr. Walsh Bill, the Bathurst Presbyterian Church Grant Resumption Bill, the Singleton Gas works Bill, and the Randwick Borough Extension Bill. It was ordered on the motion of Mr. A_ÏO_I_, that there be laid on the table copies of the papers in the case of Webber v. Train for cruelty to animals. I A copy of a letter from the chairman of the North I Shore Steam Ferry Company to the Colonial Treasurer, dated the 25th February, 1834, was ordered on the motion of Mr. PURVES. Mr. K B. SMITH moved the second reading of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill, which he stated was intended to put an end to the provision of the Electoral Act of 1880, which allowed an increase of representa- tion for increased population, but did not provide for a decrease of representation for districts in which the population had declined, or become GIBBS in proportion to other districts. The Electoral Act did not contain any self-regulating principle, and as time went on they were sure to have Great anomalies in their representations and their total representation would be out of all proportion to the total population of the colony. This bill would reserve all rights which had already accrued or would accrue up to the time of the next general election, and would keep other questions relating to their representation in abeyance till the whole matter could be dealt with. The bill was opposed by Mr. GARVAN, Mr. GOOLD, Mr. TARGETT, Mr. Poore, and Mr. Corr. AND, who argued that the question of electoral reform should be in the hands of the Government, who wore boot able to get anomalies corrected and that it was not desirable to encourage piecemeal legislation at the hands of a private member. It was supported by Mr. Ci^tEr.ox, Mr. Btrirs's. Mr. DIBBS, Mr. LOVOHSAN, Mr. LEVIEN, and Mr. ABBOTT, who contended that the bill would simplify matters, and prevent the creation of what in time would come to be considered as vested rights to undue representa- even in some parts of the colony. Mr. Cross said it was the intention of the Colonial Secretary to introduce a bill for the correction of the abuses of the Electoral Act, and that the members of the Government who were present intended voting for the bill of the hon. member for the Macleay. Mr. SMITH replied, and the second reading was carried on division by 27 to 20. The House then went into committee on the bill and, after a lengthened debate, a motion by Mr. Corr. AND., that the chairman leave the chair, report progress, and sit again on Friday, the 6th June, was carried on division by 21 to 13. Mr. OLLIFFE moved the second reading of the Licensing Acts Amendment Bill, and said the measure was demanded by thousands as a right and not as a favour. The people should have the same rights in this colony as they enjoyed elsewhere. The attempts to make people sober by Act of Parliament, 83 had been proved by the records of the Police Courts, and the admissions of the press, had failed. The bill would extend the hours of selling, and make other reasonable amendments which deserved the support of the House, and would be approved out of doors. At the instance of Mr. ABIGAIL, the debate was adjourned till Friday, the 20th May, The House adjourned at 20 minutes past 12 to 2 p.m. on Tuesday next. The Bishop of SYDNEY, from Mr. BOOTH'S platform, upon Monday night, delivered himself upon what he properly described as two great principles the principle of personal responsibility, and the principle of combined notion. If the occasion had been one less for exhortation and more for exposi- tion, it would have been instructed to have had the BISHOP'S ideas on the balance between the duty to one's self and the duty to one's neighbour, on the meeting point between the two responsibilities, and how to make them harmonise instead of coming into conflict. Probably it seemed to the BISHOP that the primary responsibility of each man to keep his body pure and chaste, a meet temple of the Holy Ghost, was so indisputably clear, that it needed no argument or amplification $ and possibly also it seemed to him that the difficulties attending the proper performance of that duty were so unevenly divided, so impossible to the one, so easy to the other, that the text of all useful preaching on the occasion of a temperance lecture could be nought else than, a Bear ye one another's burdens." " If any word of mine can have any force here, I would say, every one of us go home to-night and ask himself solemnly before God whether he is living up to his responsibility in this great battle, or whether he is standing looking idly on while the great battle rages, and souls for whom Christ died are trampled in the bottomless slough of sensuality." The responsibility of helping others, not of saving self, seems the point of that eloquent plea. Am I doing my duty towards my neighbour, not to myself ? Beyond doubt there has been and is too much attention paid to the duty to self. The old Calvinistic labouring and groaning for assurance of election and soul salvation has no doubt too often developed into a smug satisfaction with a decent performance of the very ordinary duties of life ; the idea of neighbourly duty has been narrowed, and the gospel answer to the question, " Who is my neigh- bour?" has lost its full significance. Strong and burning, and it may be galling, words upon this matter are necessary. It is well that the riveting chains which bind the slum to the wealthy suburb should he lifted and clanked in all cases that the cords of duty which bind the prosperous man to his im- potent or indigent neighbour should be tightened, no matter who feels the strain : there is no doubt that the one side languishes through want of recognition and kindly assistance from the other, and it is a command imperative upon every teacher of duty to proclaim this neglect in unmistakable terms. But if that other side gave all the help that is in its power, performed its duty towards its beggarly neighbour's the fullest fashion, would certain salvation follow ? Is it any more possible for one section of society to save another than for one man to make atone- ment for another ? Will any external aid uplift those souls now trampled in the " bottom- less slough of sensuality." What does experience teach us ? Is it not a common belief that vicious habits grow naturally out of vile surroundings, that evil grows in kennels, dens, all filthy habitations, naturally, as fungi in manure heaps ? Has 51 not often been said, " Destroy the slums and you will render the existence of the denizens of the slums impossible ?" And at a cost equal to a fifth of the whole national debt of England, have not the slums of Paris been destroyed, and "what do the records of the city say as to results ? Simply, that vice is dominant as of old and more aggressive, budding into perpetual new developments, and flourishing as a tree transplanted, true to its species and strengthened by more favourable circumstances. squalor and filth do not breed vice, nor will healthful surroundings kill vice. The plant is rooted in the heart's core of humanity, by a law which will only yield to an antidote, and it seems that he who supplies the antidote is a truer friend of man than he who betters surrounding circumstances, but permits the internal conflict and ravage to go on. I We need not seek distant facts for illustrations of this truth. A fair stock of Australian experience will enable any man to quote instance upon instance where the house of life has been suddenly and unexpectedly swept of all the cruel exigencies of poverty and distress, and garnished with all the opportunities of wealth ; yet wherein the man has been in no sense blessed, but simply making of all opportunities food for his passions, has attained a loftier pinnacle, and suffered a deeper fall. laid as the saying is, it is absolutely true : those lost souls must save themselves. A quickening of their sense of personal responsibility must be the first lifting power to bring them to the sur face of the slough. Then comes the necessity for the friendly hand, the neighbourly and, performance of the duty indicated by the full acknowledgment of personal responsibility on the part of others. It was, of course, that first responsibility, J That obligation of self to self, to which Dr. BARRY alluded in the words " On personal responsibility I need say very little, for all that is to be said on that subject will be said better hereafter." He trusted the temperance advocate, to preach that sermon; but it may be also that in the beginning of his Australian life he has been somewhat forcibly struck by that to which he alludes as the indolent apathy of the man. he may have recognised that in and about our city here are a larger number of really well-to-do and wealthy people than are found about any similar centre of population in the world. Some of his words would indicate that he imagines that the really vicious elements are small by proportion, and that if he can gather and rally the armies of respectability they will speedily over- power the mean and meagre opposition, bred by conditions which need not exist. Let him go on with that work, let him Bound his charge again and again, let him be incessant in demanding from those who have strength for the task that they move themselves and light for the cause and the creed they profess to hold. There is a lot of fat- tered energy he may unloose in that way, a lot of power he may bring to bear upon the impeding circumstances which face those who seek a road upwards. Yet we must in truth admit that there is, or has been power and opportunity for most of those truly unfortunate wretches who, as a whole, constitute the population of the slums, to rise to a position of comfort and independence. Here in Sydney, or indeed in Australia, it may be said that despite the distress with, which we are now temporarily harassed, men and women are not fis in other lands held hopeless and helpless in an iron grip of circumstance. It is in each one to rise, and it is at least as important a task to cry j to them, " Else ! ascend i " as to summon others to come down and help. Perhaps, however, it is rather of charity for themselves than of desire of their help to others that the BISHOP I persists in his appeal to those who sit in in- dolent apathy. Bowels of compassion closed, ¡ sealed, and soldered, can nourish few germs ' of salvation, though bestowed in the most comfortable body, and served with all the solace and sustenance the world affords. A religion that knows no self-denial and sympathy is not the religion of Christ. A true insight would regard those most prosperous ones with a deep compassion, counting them as far removed from the Christ-like life through utter selfishness, as the poor wretches sunk in the bottomless slough by their degrading sins. In the Herald of Tuesday we drew attention to a little book by Mr. SEDLEY TAYLOR, on the subject of profit-sharing between capital and labour-an arrangement which, in the estimation of many of our best political economists, contains within itself the fairest prospect of effecting a mediation between capital and labour. The co-operative system may not be applicable to all businesses, but if it could be applied to any considerable extent it would do much to establish a tone of thought and feeling among both employers and employed, and would thereby create a public opinion which would have a judicial influence when disputes did occur, and a harmonising influence which would often prevent their occurring at all. Co-operation may take place without any sharing at all between capital and labour, because the labourers may find all the capital themselves, and be in their own persons both employers and employed. This has been the case in some of the cotton mills at Oldham, where the men have clubbed their savings and have started a mill of their own. This gets rid entirely of any possible quarrel between the capitalists and the workmen, for the simple reason that there is no single capitalist to quarrel with. It opens the door, however, to another trouble, and that is the want of harmony and subordination to authority. Many schemes otherwise well planned have broken down from this cause, and it requires some moral education amongst equal to recognise the superiority of certain kinds of work, and the intellectual and moral claims of those who are specially fitted for them. There is probably no part of the world in which artisans could, if they chose, unite more readily than in New South Wales, where so many of them have made savings during the past years of r_rosperity,^and where they could, without difficulty, find sufficient capital with which to start an industry. But in many cases it is more easy to slide into a co-operative system by adapting "an existing business to it, and it is this arrangement to which Mr. SEDLEY TAYLOR has prin I cipally given his attention. An employer decides on admitting his workmen either to it a share in the profits or to a recognised position as shareholders, and this is what has been done in France in many cases, with very satisfactory results. It is some of these cases which Mr. TAYLOR describes in detail. There is room for very great variety in the mode of distributing profits, and in the extent to which workmen should share them, with or without any authority in the business, and it cannot be said at present that there is any fixed rule which could be made universally applicable in determining the distribution. All that could be said is that the arrangement involves an extra amount of trouble, and generally brings an extra amount of profit, but as long as it works satisfactorily it is a moral education for both parties, and then peace in the establishment takes the place of war. The extra profit is made out of the saving of waste. Labour is a great element in all production, and especially so where it is large in proportion to the use of machinery. Where the workman is paid only by wages, the tendency is for him to do as little as he can, and to be careless about the protection of property. The moment he has an interest in the profits he is induced to work faithfully, and to prevent damage. There is a margin of extra profit, therefore, out of each man's service, and where a large number of men are employed the sum of these profits makes a considerable difference in the balance-sheet. This is the explanation of the fact that profit sharing has made more profit to share, so that while the workmen gain the proprietor does not lose. Mr. TAYLOR inquires whether the tendency of trades unions is antagonistic to co-opera- tion, and expresses the opinion that it need not be, and, presumptively, ought not to be and he adduces emphatic declaration, of' o.nion from leading unionists in __.vi.ur of co-operation. Both systems aim at the same result, though by different means, and ought therefore to be in harmony. This is doubtless true . but as a matter of human . x perience we often find that people are more intent upon the means than upon the end, and the method of trades unions is so different from the method of co- operation that it cannot be a matter of surprise that the two do not always work well together. This antagonism was strikingly displayed in connection with the Messrs. BRIGGS' colliery, at White wood, which was started so favourably as a profit-sharing enterprise, and which was so frequently alluded to by English and French economists as a remarkable illustration of the benefit, of the system. It came to grief, however, and as more is to be learned from failures than from successes, Mr. TAYLOR has done good service in giving the history of the transaction. He gives a narrative by the Messrs. BRIGGS, with his own comments and criticisms thereupon. What is wanting to make it quite complete is a statement from the point of view of the men. Enough, however, is given to show that the break-up was due to a contest between the two principles of union and co-operation. Things went well enough while trade was steady. But then there came into the coal trade what the Americans call a boom. i Prices went up, wages went up, and all parties got demoralised. The men got exacting, and claimed various concessions,. which were granted pro tem., and when the re-action came the surrender of the conditions was difficult. A day came when the Whitwood miners had to decide whether they would attend the union meeting of the co-operation meeting, both of which were made to fall on the same day, and they were divided on the question. They had to decide, too, whether they would abide by the company's rules or the union's rules, and the majority went with the union. The company's pits, in a strike which took place, were laid idle for four weeks, just the same as in collieries which have no co-operative arrangement, and the result was that the proprietors declared off the arrangement. Mr. BRIGGS, however., admits very frankly that they gained nothing by breaking up the agreement, because bad times followed, during which profits were so small that there would have been nothing to share with the men. It is obvious that this case was submitted to a very unusual test, and that a difficult one, but still it did raise the question of the interference of unions with industrial partnerships, and it showed that in such cases the solidarity of the men made them stick by the union, and that profit-sharing was not a guarantee against strikes. But how would it have been if more than half the collieries had been working on the profit-sharing system The influence of those who had to lose by a strike would then have been dominant within the union itself, and the result might have been very different, _ If Mr. O'MARA. is not a true prophet, and if Mr. ____ui!_ O'CONNOR does not live to repent of his speech in the Assembly on Thursday evening on the question of privilege that he raised, then we shall have to think much worse of the latter gentleman than we have been wont to do. That he has sometimes been too passionate and irascible, too hasty/and imprudent, are defects we can easily charge upon his Celtic blood ; but it is a different thing when we have to be ashamed of him. There was no excuse whatever for a wanton attack upon a gentleman who, amid all the political controversies through which he has passed, has won the warm friendship of his comrades and the esteem of his adversaries. Attacks upon private life are odious at all times, but they are never more so than when used as weapons of political warfare, and to make good the want of anything better. The assailant in such cases is generally blinded by his ruge, and does not see that his missiles, like boomerangs, will return upon himself. It is a remarkable fact that out of the 190 destitute unemployed classified by Mr. TREATT on Tuesday evening, only six were immigrants assisted to this colony. What has become, then, of the remaining" 12,000 assisted immigrants who have landed during the last 18 months, and on whose behalf the statue orators are demanding return passages to England. Presumably they have found employment at the current rates. And if they have succeeded in doing this, why do not the efforts of the other unemployed meet with the same success. Employers do not as a rule prefer "new chums" to seasoned hands, unless indeed the latter have already shown themselves incompetent or untrustworthy. Colonial life requires special aptitudes, and many men, who have been earning good wages in England, find themselves after a short experience unfitted for Australian work. Such men will have a hard lot in their chosen home and must expect to be often without work unless they have the energy to learn a new calling. These men have mistaken their career. They are greatly to be pitied, and charity could hardly he better employed than in training them to new work. But such individual errors are no proof of an overcrowded labour market. It would be as reasonable to argue that no one should be admitted to a profession because many present members are unsuited to their work. Under the present industrial system fluctuations in trade must frequently cause much undeserved misery. The only remedy under exist- ing conditions is renewed exertion, and more effective labour. Man must compel nature to yield him a larger portion of her inexhaustible store. Towards this no means is more effective within proper limits than an intelligent and numerous population. This is the true protection to native industry and a Government which encourages new settlers is doing the best service to those who live in constant risk of being unemployed. Every care should be taken to bring together employers and workmen, and the simple expedient of using public office, in the country districts as labour registry offices should not be neglected even when prosperity returns. In the meantime the Government, in endeavouring to minimise distress, has to see that in doing so it does not encourage idleness. It would seem that there is already danger of the refuges provided by the Government making men unwilling to search for work. The refusal of unemployed men to accept offers of work has compelled the Government to discontinue this form of relief. The State does not exist for the support of loafers. 