OUR BRISBANE LETTER, (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT,) WE hsve managed to pall along over Christ mas all right, and though the ve«ta of some of our citizens are more protuberant than usual, nothing very uncommon appears to have boCurred now that it. is : all peat ; We had glorióos Christmas vf eather apo the evening of the great day' was reilly cold } so cold in fact that people were unable to sit on their verana dabs, and at Toowoomba were glad to resort to fires. On Boxing Day people made merry to their hearts' content, and there were the usual exoursion down the Bay, across tí) Humpy Bong and \o Sandgatf. , BusjUien people seem to have driven a rattling trade, and the Christmas of 1*883 'will long be re membered as one of the liveliest, if not really the liveliest, Queensland's capital has ever seen. Excursionists met with the usual num- ber of unpleasant experiences, and the pro- vision made by those undertaking public conveyance was wholly, inadequate. The Ballway Department, as usual, was thoroughly disorganised, and at Sandgate, and in fact all the way np to, Brisbane, on the evening of Boxing Day, there were not only disgraceful annes .on the railway platforms, but in the trains as well, All's well, however, that' ends wells, and none of those accidents causing loss of lile, which we so often have to record, have occurred. A meeting of the Cabinet Council was held on Wednesday last at whioh it is stated some important business in view of the approaching session of Parliament was transacted. One of the most interesting matters dealt with was the reduction of the hours of the civil servants by an hour daily. Until the accession to power of the M'Hwraith party Government office hours were from 0 a.m. until 4 p.m. with an hour's respite for luncheon, Sir Arthur Palmer, in the plenitude of his wisdom, thought the state did not get enough out of its servants for the money paid them, and so made the knocking off hoar 6 instead of 4 p.m. Ever since the civil servants have had rather an edge on the Mcilwraith party, and Palmer in particular. It was fully understood when Mr. Douglas opposed Mr. Brookes for North Brisbane that if Mr. Brooks wai returned, and Mr. Griffith came into power, the hours of the/civil servants would be altered back to the old con- dition. Mr, Griffith does not appear loth to keep his promise and it is understood that ' from the new year the Government office hours will be from 9 a.m. until 4 p.m. In . making the reduotion a good deal of obliquely is inoorred, ' Sud some of the' Premier's warmest supporters are rounding on him. Mr. Midgley, the member for Fassifern has has written te the Obtener protesting against the alteration in the hones, and it is hard to say where this splft will end. It is quite possible that the Government will be called to account over it The Tramway Company has been success- fully floated, «nd in a few weeks the directors expeot to begin operations; The promoters of the company are to be congratulated on the energy they have shown in pushing mattera on, and Brisbane certainly cannot be accused of having hean particularly slow in taking up the scheme. The company may have a little trouble witt the Woolloongabba Divisional Board, who think they (the Board) ahoutd be the'constructing authority, but the Board will, I think, oome off second, best if they try to throw obstacles in the way ol the com- pany, and ttey have already inourred the illwill of the ratepayers for not helping the tramway achene on as much as possible. The first stretch of line made will be about four miles, and thc tramcars are to be very fine and commodiois vehioles. The motive power will be suppliel by horses. Many peopla are going in for serious con- sideration as tt whether it would be well to have the electric light throughout the city. While the talkie going on Mr. Buzacott, the managing proprietor, of the Brisbane News- paper Compaiy has Edison's representative with a staff of men employed in fixing up the apparatus in me Courier, Queenslander, and Obtener offioei, and expects to have the light going by the end of next week. At the Bailnay Statics the Brash Arc lampa are to be shortly ntaotd in position, and will be very handy for nigH work in the railway yard. The Parliamentary buildings and the Govern- ment Printing Office, are also to have .the electric light on the Edison principle the same aa Mr. Buzacott is having fixed up in his offices, Mr, J. B. Dickson who has been absent from the colon] for some fifteen months will return oh Sunday or-Monday. He has been in England, and it is reasonable to suppose hss had a " tower " on what Any ia so fond of terming "the Oontmong." Mr. Dickson's viiit to the old country bas not been one of pleasire altogether. He bad some little domestic iithoulty to adjust, and his many {rienda will be Elad to bear tbat thia baa been adj neted satisfactorily. The Liberala have secured the Kate to go and meet their old companion in arms, and those who are interested in politics will perhaps be glad to hear that Mr. Dickson will take tho position ot Colonial Treasurer almost on his arrival hack in Queensland. The position of Trea- surer was assigned long ago by the knowing ones to Mr. Dickson, and the many tongued jade, rumour, is for once in the right. The late /rocas at the Mackay races baa added fresh fnel to the anti-Kanaka fire, and the press demands a full inquiry as to the causes of the trouble, and suggests that a special Commissioner should be appointed to proceed to Mackay and take the necessary evidence to ascertain what was really at the bottom of the trouble. Reports whioh have been reoently made have plaoed the South Sea Labour Trade in very strong disfavour, and the Government will be compelled to deal with it firmly aa soon as they can. It is hard to say whether Mr. Griffith will take up the .question firmlyi and adopt some honest; and open means to stop the trade altogether or whether he will merely throw obstacles in the way of it, so that recruiting will become im Snssible and the. whole business die a natural ^ eath. Mr. HomlNy1,'' Deputy Commissioner of the Western Pacifio, is in Brisbane at pre- sent, and bat under his notice certain outrages alleged to have been perpetrated by the officers and crew of the labour schooner Stanley. The outrages combine attempted murder, arson, and kidnapping, and the, prinmpal complainant is a German, in tile employ of Hernsheim and ¡ Co., a Hamburg firm, who have Copra and . Pearl Shelling Stations on some of the islands, ' It is alleged that at ono .place the master of the Stanley obtained labourers by threatening to blow up the island with dynamite if reoruite were not supplied. The old chief knew just sufficient of the quality of dynamite to pro- perly appreciate its danger, and the required men were forthcoming. It it feared tbat Mr. Griffith will shirk the Kanaka question BO that he. may not have to introduce an alternat. ' Hvé policy ; but strong pressure1 will' beexer ! cited to fore* hts hand-when Parliament does meets. ' Mr. James Inglis, who waa Commissioner for Indfa/stithe late Melbourne Exhibition, ia making a strong' effort to bring ' abont the establishment of a regular trade between the Australian Colonies and India, and he is being supported, hy the Prase and the Calcutta Exhibition Commission in New South Wales. Mr. Inglis and Mr. Buok (Secretary to the Government of India) have pointed out the immense tra¡d«( in ,maat and. dairy produce which might ne done with India, the market that country affords for frnit, for copper, timber and hops. On the other hand, India could («ipply ni wish aAany thing« snob as teas and spines,.whioh we at present receive from China'anS Japan! ? It' is proposed Jfo establish a regular lion of .atearnera-ope a month-to run from Calcutta tb Adelaide; MelbourTje.'anB'Sydney; ind return via Bris- bane and Torres Strait«, taking in the northern portions of the colony. ' Let me commend the matter to the attention ;of your Chamber of Commerce, the rnembera pf which, as business men, should be very' glad to signify their approval of the Boheme.'!>). Messrs. Rutherford.. Brothers' little horse Glencoe has managed to cut down a field of seventeen opponents, irsmd win -one of: the principal races of the Australian Jockey Club's summer'meeting. It ;was''expected that Glencoe would bivi gone for' tufe principal race, the Summer Cup, but his owner ev«, dently thought fae was in better form for travelling one and a-half than two miles. There seems to be some hitch in tbe entry ot Mr. James Williams'_solt Wheatmeat in the Marea' Produce Stakes. It is said that Mr, Kellet, who was in charge of the Grange stud, in Bending the entry in described Wheatmeat asaohestnut colt, Whetstone, Wheatmesjt's half-brother, but a year older. Some of our sporting Uuthorities thlUk the difficulty may be got over, but those who baoked the horse and are afraid of not getting a start for their money are mentioning Mr. Kellet'« name in connection with curses loud and deep. Mr. Griffith has been ia'oommunibation with the Government of India in connection with the immigration of plantation labourers from that oopntry. The Indian people acknowledge the receipt of draft regulations for controlling the immigration and employment of Coolies, as prepared. ,bjri the Ute Government, and express their approval of the arrangements proposed. Mr. Griffith has replied, expressing : great, regret ths,t the Government of India has beeb put to so muoh trouble, and drops an alligator's tear to ahow his deep sympathy with them j iutlie at the «ame time says very plainly that it is not the intention of his party to place ' any regulations proposals for im- migration from ßritish-India, before Parlia- ment.' This is the first opportunity the Premier has bad of posing in office ss an anti Coolie man, and he has not been at all back- ward in doing so ; but he seems to forget that there lurks behind the ghost he has jost scorched the real difficulty of the labour question, which Parliament will insist on being settled. The influx of immigrants continues, and Yesterday some eight hundred people were inded at the Depot. The unhealthy state of this place led to a deputation waiting on the Minister for Works recently, and arranging for «towing the immigrants in the old gaol until the plaoe regularly used can be cleansed and otherwise improved. The old gaol forms a capital place for a limited number, but it ia questionable whether it would 'not be better to pot the young men ont in tents, which would be quite as comfortable in this weather as any bouse, and very mach more healthy. In connection with immigration, I may men- tion that Mr. Griffith has made arrangements with n Glasgow firm of shipowners (Messrs. Anderson and Co.) to bring a regular supply of bounty passengers out. This is one of the first changes sought in the service by tbe new Premier, and let us hope it will pear good fruit. Tbe'bonnty'system does not improve very much in its working, and there are still ugly rumours as to conduct on board ship. At the Theatre Royal the .pantomime holds sway, and attracts Very large audiences. It is a rattling good pantomime, the extravaganza well played, and the scenery very fine. Brisbane, December 28, 1883. LiNBEÉD MEAL.-It has recently been ob- served by M. Lailler tbat linseed meal, from wbioh the oil has been eliminated in such a way as not to affect the other principles pre- sent, retains all the therapeutiopropertiea of the ordinary meal, With equal weight, it contains more mucilage, starch, albuminoid substances, &o.; To prepare a poultice of suitable unctu- ousness and owisteccy, twenty-five per cent., less of tbe oilless meal is required than of the ordinary meal. The poultices prepared with the oilless meal are less heavy and remain longer warm than the others. The prepared meal dpet not become rancid. After many experiments in eliminating the oil, M. Lailler finds sulphate of carbon the most suitable agent. IMPERFECTLY-BAKED BRICKS.-It is often observed that bricks imperfectly baked be- come friable at the surface, and in time are reduced to powder. This phenomenon has been attribnted to the action of moisture, alter- nations of beat and cold, &o.; ; but recent observations by M. Parize make it probable that these often merely favour the action of the real cause, viz., the development of micro- scopic organisms. Having observed some swellings on the piaster coat of a brick parti, tion, he nierood one of these, and very fine red powder came out, resulting from pulverisa- tion of the briok. Examined with a magnify- ing power cf about three hundred diameters, this powder showed an immense number of diatoms and siliceous algsa belonging to the original clay of the bricks. The existence and multiplication of such organisms under about one-fifth of an inch in thickness of plaster seems surprising ; yet M. Parize found the I same organisms--though fewer of them-at a ' depth of J ""inch in the ncdecsyed brick. All Vu. eriorated bricks showed the same organisms. These facts seem to have important bearings on the durability of buildings, methods of disinfection of hospitals, ftc 