THE UPPER KING RAILWAY. If a march is now being stolen on the people of Wangaratta and Oxley, by those of Benalla and Winton, in the matter of an Upper King Railway, it will not be the first to which the first- named town and district have allowed themselves to bo subjected. If such be not absolutely the case, it certainly looks very like it. -It is true we may not be in the seorets of the Wangaratta Railway League, although we freely admit that, lately, both that league and the borough have taken very intelligent and active steps in asserting their claims ; but we certainly have heard no indication of there being any official inspection of tho ltne, as proposed by ns, along the Kug River, and throngh Laceby to Sloyhu ; while undoubtedly a Government sur veyor has been over the route between Winton and the same point. The very suddenness and secrecy with which tha- survey-at-sight waB conducted, is in itself a very suspicious circumstance, and we should very much lika to know whether one or both the members for Moira have not been playing Wangaratta false in their communications ors the subject. It may be that a similar survey has been made or ordered for the W an- garatta line, and we shall make every inquiry upon that point before these remarks reach our readers : bat so far we have heard of nothing of the kind. No doubt Benalla is perfectly right in bringing all its influence to bear unon getting the line in that direction ; but ilia! certainly is not the natural outlet for the Upper King traffic : It would leave the great agricultural area of Oxley for evei unprovided for ; it would servo compara tively few people, either now or in tho future, and it would most decidedly cos1 considerably more, bo h in construction and maintenance. The Winton rome would, however, have one strong claim upon the department : It would ' be in accordance with the system of centralisa tion, which dominates all other consi derations in the railway mind. To g -t everything to Melbourne by the shortest and quickest road possible, irrespective of the interests of the country disiricis in having independent communication with each other, and at whatever cost, is the be-all and the end-all with the department and the metropolis. It i.« nothing to tliem that there is already a large and growing trade, chiefly at pre sent in cattle, oats, potatoes and chaff", between tho Upper King and Oxley, en the one side, and Wangarat'a, Bseclt- wortb, Bright, Rulherglsn, Wabgunvuh, Wodonga, Albury and Riverina on the other, or that the relations between the peeple of the Upper King, Oxley nun Wangaratta are of the most intimate character, as well as of long standing. The only question \v< rthy of their atten tion is, " Which is the shortest road to Melbourne ?" It cannot be denied thai the people of Wangaratta, generally, b»vo not displayed the interest in this mati-r which its n most vital importance to them demands ; but it is not yet too late. Thcrs is a bare possibility that an Uppvr King line may be in ibe Bill now in pre paration, as Mr Gillies will no doubt feel that this district cannot be entirely left out of the measure, and this lint- would perhaps meet this exigency better than any other, taking into con sideration the smullness of the means at bis disposal. To include such a line would not require, a detailed sur vey, as its approximate cost could he easily arrived at. But we do really think the residents of Wangaratta should no longer, through t heir apathy, allow their claims to be silently ignored. A public meeting ought to be at once called, and such interest taken in it that its proceedings would be at. once a demonstration anil a de claration that the inhabitants of Wan garatta would not allow themselves to be robbed of their just rights without either a struggle or a protest. The members for the district should not be merely invited, but urged in the strongest possible terms to be present, si> that Wangaratta should no longer be left in the dark as to who are its friends, and who its enemies, on such an all-important subject. We have already, so far in vain, warned the townspeople, as well as the residents of Oxley, that the opposition te their claims was strong ami active, although exceedingly unnemonstrativp. W« hope the second warning, now respect fully, but earnestly, offered, will meet with better success. The case seems to us to be of the most urgent character. Beechworth Police Court. —On Tues day, before Mr W. H. Faster, P.M., Richard Finch sued James Tynan for the sum of £5 5s, due for goods supplied. The case was adjourned till next day. Chris tian Miehe wag charged, at the instance of Constable Lynch, with cruelty to a pi. The hearing of the case was postponed for s-'ven days. Christina. Anderson, charged with being a neglected child, was further remanded till the 22nd mat. An old man named Andrew Napier (in gaol), charged with being an idle and disorderly person, was discharged from custody, and sent to the Ovens Benevolent Asylum, for which he was a fit subject. On Wednesday, the police magistrate made au order for the amount claimed, and 5s costs, in the debt case, Finch v Tynan. Death of the Rev. Father Crane — By the last mail from England the sad intelligence is received of too death of the Rev. Father Crane, O.S. A., late Provincial of the Augustinian Order in Ireland, an i eldest brother of the Bishop of .Sand-: hurst, and of five brothers who wer<- rnised to the sacerdotal dignity. This (Thursday! morning the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Moore, assisted by the local clergy, will celebrate npocitibcal requiem mass for the repose of the deceased pre late's soul, in St. Killian's pro-Cathedral. The. Oxley Shire Elections. — In regard to the above, the " Wangiralta Dispatch" mentions that in the Western Riding there is already a stir in the camp, a number of ratepayers having made up their minds to go for Mr Thomas Egan, as a man hew to public life, but in whose integrity and ability tbey havo thorough confideuco.- Accident. — A nasty accident befel Mrs Bray, a widow residing at Newtown, last Saturday evening, about seven o'clock. When in the act of crossing Ford- street, in front of Messrs R. Taylor and Co. 'a store, she fell over a pole projecting from the hinder part of a timber-waggon stand ing there, and sustained severe injuries to her right side and hand, which were badly bruised. Dr Skinner was called in, and, though he found no bones broken, ex pressed an opinion that hi3 patient had had a narrow escape from fatal injury. At the present time Mr3 Bray is progress- ing satisfactorily. An Exciting Race. — Our Bethanga correspondent writes : — A race is to' take place here next month for a seat in the Towong Shire Council, for the Murray Riding, ill consequence of Mr John Scar lett's retiring by effluxion of time. It is said there are but two horses likely to be nominated for the race, namely — Old War- horse, by Scottish Chief ; the other being Grazier, by John Bull. They are now in the hands of their trainers, and going through a preparation of bran-mashes and a little physicking, which they are taking kindly. With a careful training, they will no doubt run well. Che ground here is rather rough, the only course being at Spring Creek, which, I fear, is too short for these aged horses to train on, being all turns and sidelines, which will not suit their legs. The distance to ba run ex tends from Bethanga to Tintildra (00 mil s), and has to be completed in the space of 12 hours, with 12 stono up. There are great inquiries as to who is to steer Old Warhorss ; but you may depend the trainer will have an old and ex- nerienced rider. I am told Grazier is to be steered by Shanks, who has had a deal of experience on the turf, and is very san guine of victory, if he can only bring the old horse to the post fit. Ovens District Hospital. — The special meeting of the committee of management appointed to be held on Tuesday evening for tho purpose of further considering the report o£ the sub-committee in regard to the extension of the voting power of sub scribers at the annu.il meetings for the election of office-hearers, lapsed for want quorum ; the only members present being the president (Mr Al-.ierdice), and Messrs A. W. Foster, Vuthill and Lyon. Lower Nine Mile Sluicing Company. — The shareholders in the above company met at Mr A. W. Foster's, Beechworth, on Tuesday afternoon, with tho object of taking into consideration tile matter of letting the claim and other mining pro perty on tribute. Three tenders were re ceived, but were not opened ; and, as it was considered that the time allowed was insufficient, it was extended till Thursday, 24th iust. , when tenders will close. ' The Vagabond." — Mr Julian Thomas will deliver his lecture on " Convicts and Cannibals'' in Wangaratta this (Thursday) evening, and will be in Beechworth on Friday or Saturday, though he will not lecture until next Thursday evening. He appeared in the Shire Hall, Benalla, on Monday evening, and the " Ensign" thus refers to the lecture: — Those present were thoroughly appreciative of the lecturer's quaint, though very racy, stylo of delivering himself. Mr Thomas ranged " from grave to ga\\-, from lively to severe," interspers ing his informational remarks with humorous anecdotes by way of variety, indeed, Ilia so-called lecture partook more of a convivial chat than a formal discourse. The matter- of-fact manner in which he treated such grim subjects as cannibal culinary operations and kindred matters was irresistibly amusing. Though not impressing liia hearers with any great oratorical ability (which display perhaps is not aimed at), " The Vagabond" is'a very fluent speaker, and demonstrated that he possesses an engaging oral delivery , as well as a facile pen. The lecture was »s well a lesson in geography, a .map of Australia and the eastern Pacific assisting the speaker in making clear hi3 meaning I The lecturer was frequently applauded in his remarks denunciatory of the proposed French recidivists scheme of colonisation, and of Mr Gladstone's hauling down the British flag that had been hoisted on New Guinea, meetiug "-ith very warm approba tion. Football. — The return match between flie Albury and Corewa juniors took place on the Corowa ground oh Saturday last. At their previous meeting on the Albury ground the home team won by 3 goals to nil ; but in the last match the tables were completely turned, the Corowa lids win ning by 7 goals and 12 behinds, to 1 goal and 2 behinds. In point of sizn the teams were very evenly matched, the Albury boys having slightly the advantage in weight. Wats-m captained the Albury players ; while T. Chivel led on the home team. At the start the visitors had a little the best of it, and after some fine play by Loiigiiron and Watson Hie latter so-red firs', blood for Albury, by kicking a behind. The ball was quickly returned, and for a time hovtivd dang. rously mmr the Corowa sticks. However, hy really good play on the part of Chivel, O. Hud- son Moore and Chenhall, the leather was taken well up the river wing, and some fine play of the Corowa forwards sent it well in fr nit of the visitors' goal, and McMillan scored a behind for the locals. Watson making a go >d kick-off, the ball was rushed by the Albury youngsters right into the Corowa goal, and Longhton, making a brilliant mark almost on the, boundary line, finished up some really grand piny by kicking a splendid goal from a most difficult angle. These reverses seemed to warm up rho locals, and from that time to tlio end tuey had all the best of tae game. After kicking the goal the Alburv lads seemed te h.tve shot their l-olt: "for with tho ex'eep'ion of one behind, which ought te have been a goal. tVov never got the ball near their Opponents' sticks, the play being all about the visi tors' stronghold, and some fine determined play was shown by ihe Albury backs. But try their best, they could not resist the onslaught oftheiv rivals. Fortune seemed to have deserted the red and black ; for although (le y kicked six be hinds, three of which hit the posts, up to half-time they failed to score a goal. The seend half of the g«me needs little de- serihtion. Tho visitors were completely beaten in all points of the game. Their opponents " ran rings" around them, and never gave them a ghost of a show. The locals started by kicking several hMiinrlq. Evans then broke the spell by kicking a- fine goal, and then goal after goal was got in rapid succession. Chenhull kicked one/ Hanson one, Hudson one, and Gallagher two. . Too much credit cannot be given' to the Albury lads for their plucky play ; but they met more than' their match, arid wer'o fairly beaten on their marits. For the winners Alfred Chenhall, 0. and H'. Hudson, Hanson, Moore, Evans, Chivel. M -Millan and Gallagher played splen didly. For Albury grand form was shown by. Watson, Hanlon, Loughton, Justice, Rynehart and Clarkson. At 'tho cbri- clnsion of the game, a football, the gift of Dr Loughrey and Mr P. H. Came, which they had promised to the side winning the match, was banded to the successfnl team by Mr J, R. Hudson, and the lads gave thr.-e ringing cheers for the donors ; and thus ended one of tho most pleasant matches ever witnessed on the ground. Rotherglen. — Our correspondent writes : — About half-past eight o'clock on Sunday evening last an alarm of fire was given in the town. The fireball was rang at the engine-station, and a great many of the members of the fire- brigade were quickly on the spot. The Rev. Mr Steggall was just about concluding Divine service, in the Congregational Church, when the cry of fire wa3 heard, and a rush was made for tho door by the congregation. In vain' the rev. gentleman urged upon his hearers to be calm, and in a very short time the church was empty. The cause of alarm was a chimney which bad caught fire at the residence of Mr D. G. Hamil ton, High-street. The flames were soon got under, and very little damage was done. The Stray Loaves Company gave one of thoir excellent performances at tho Town Hall on Tuesday evening. There was (as usual when thi3 company visit3 Rutherglen) a bumper house, and it i3 scarcely necessary to say that tho enter tainment was replete with good acting, singing and dancing. After the perform ance a dance was held, which was very largely attended, and dancing was kept up till the small hours of the morning. Yackandandah Athenieum. — The an nual meeting ef subscribers to the above institution took place on Monday evening. The Rev. H. Potter was voted to tho chair. The annual report and balance- sheet were read, received, and adopted. Mr Ramsay was elected president, Mr Clausen vice-president, and Mr Rome (re- elected) treasurer, for the ensuing year. Mr J. Haig moved that Mr Refshange be re-elected secretary. Mr Refshange ex plained that, owing to circumstances, it would be impossible for him to accept the office. Mr Michelsen moved, and Mr Haig seconded, that Mr W. Haig be elected secretary ; carried. The ballot for committee resulted in tho election of the following: — Messrs Haig, Michelsen, Cole, Flood, Home, Jessop, Heron, Potter, and Gough. Mr Heron proposed a vote of thanks to tho retiring committee, which was carried with acclam -.tion. Mr Michelsen, as retiring president, returned thanks. Mr Jessop suggested that the secretary be asked to see some of the persons who were in the habit of using the reading-room, and who did not subscribe, arid try and induce thom to become subscribers. Mr John Haig also spoke on the same subject. The meeting then adjrurned. Sudden Death of an Ovens Identity. — Mr Joseph A. Robert, formerly of El Dorado, subsequently of the Big Hill, and lately of Melbourne, had been for the last two years claiming a moiety of the estate of the late Count Qrloff, a cele brated Russian statesman, an uncle of Robert's. A Melbourne speculator accompanied him to his brother's, at Heidelberg, in the Duchy of Baden, Germany, whero Mr Robert was taken suddenly ill and died, after an illness of 32 hour3. If the claim be good, the widow will be outuK'd thereto, -as Mr Robert's brotlu-c is pursuing the suit. Mrs Robert i3 slilL ill Melbourne. Beechworth Warden's Court. — At this court on Wednesday aftornoou, before Mr Warden Foster, the following case was called, on : — All Sam and party v Ellen and party : Encroachment: and trespass on mining claim at Three Mile Creek. Mr Zincke appeared for complainant,. De- fendants Hppu-ircl and stated that they wished to have the esse heard before assessors. Mr Zincko stated that ho would he willing to have tho case so heard, provided the defendants promised .to restrain from working the ground in dispute untl the matter came on for hear ing. Defendants made the required pi-o- mioe. Messrs Raukiu, Gillies, McOmish, Hatch, M. May and C. Connolly were nominated as assessors (from whom four will be aek-cted), and the warden ap pointed Wednesday, 23rd inst., at noon, the date of hearing. The court then adjourned. Arrival of the New Governor. — The recep ;ion of Sir Bfeury Brougham Loch on liia arrival in the colony took place on Tuesday. He came from Launceston by the e.s. Flinders with Lady Loch and his family, and they were met some distance from. Williamstowu by the Victorian naval fie«t. The Nelson, which w.-i3 flagship, had a. largo number of passengers, includ ing their Excellencies the Acting-Governor (Sir Wiliiam Stawell), and Sir William Jervois, Governor of Now Zealand, the Minister, members of Parliament, judges of tho Supremo Court, representatives of local bodies, and heads of departments. While on board the Neteon Sir Henry Loch was entertained at luncheon, and the toast of his health, which was proposed by M.r Service, was drunk with much cordiality. Mr Service in his speech (re ports the Argus") spoke with spirit on the fed-Tilion of the Australian colonies and the ultimate feneration of the lirit'sh Empire, and Sir Henry Loch remarked that tho maintenance of the connection between the parent sfc:>to of her depen dencies would not be less to the advantage of Gr-ot Britain than to the colonies. ThrRB wan a largo crowd at the Port Mel bourne town pior, whore the Governor was received with cheei'ing, and there was nlso a considerable number of persons in all tlia streets through which he drove en route to the old Treasury. The vici nity of that building was thronged by thousands of people, who showed as much interest in tha proceedings as might have heen expected after having waited, as they had to wait, for two or three hours in the cold. The steps of- the old Treasury were occupied by ladies and gentlemen who had received invitations to be present, and they had a fairly good view of the swearing- in cer.'mony. His Excellency took the oath of office before Sir Will am Staivell, in his capacity as Chief Justice, and after sowral addresses had been presented he drove to the Government-house. Death of Mr Seckelson. — Advices received by the last, mail from Europe convey the sad intelligence of tho death of Mr Mori tz Seckelson, at Hanover, Ger many, in May last. The deceased gentle man some twenty-five years ago, in part nership with Mr A. L. Hammer, kept a general store at Stanley, and subsequently became proprietor of a store in High street, Beechworth (at present in the oc-' cupati'on of Mr John Clements), where he amassed a large fortune, and eight yeans age left for his native land. .Mr Seckel son was a straightforward business man. and was - generally well lilted. He was about sixty years of age at the time of his death, the immediate cause of which was apoplexy and heart disease, and h»3 left a young widow, well provided for ; the deceased gentleman up to the' time of hia death having an interest in several pro perties' in Beechworth, from which he received a good annual income, jn addition "to the wealth' he' took with him when he left for Germany. Interesting.— The public are reminded that the cheapest drapery establishment in tho district is J. P. Wilson's, of Camp- street, "where all . purchasers are 'sure of getting the very best value for their money. Some really very cheap dress materials are now to be had there. Also some special values in flannels, blankets, calicos, men's and boys' clothing, tweeds, millinery, ladies' jackets ' and 'ulsters, corsets and umbrellas. . , Fire at Wandiligong. — An ' eight- roomed weatherboard cottage at Wandili gong, owned by Mr John Green, late of the London Reef, was burned to the ground on Friday night, 11th inst. , shortly after 11 o' clack. The cause of the confla gration is unknown, as the fires were all extinguished prior to the family retiring for the night, says the "Argus" correspon dent. Mr and Mrs Green and three children were aaleep on the premises when the fire broke out. One of the children was first roused by the noise of the burn- ing timber, and she alarmed the remainder of the family, who with great difficulty escaped in their night-dresses. The flames spread so quickly that nothing could be saved. A Coincidence. — Mr Charles Joseph Latrobe, the first Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria, was sworn in on the 15th July, 1851, and in 18S4, or exactly thirty-three years afterwards (remarks the " Herald"), Sir Henry Brougham Loch is sworn in. Those only who can remember the two ceremonies can properly appreciate the almost unbelievable changes in position and prospects of the colony in that com paratively 3hort time. Railway to Moyhtt. — On Friday, 11th inst., Mr Curtis, a surveyor from the Railway Department, under instructions to report upon the route of the proposed railway to Moyhu, arrived at Benalla quite unexpectedly, states the "Ensign." On Saturday morning he was interviewed by Mr Geo. Chandler, who arranged to show Mr Curtis over the country from Winton to Moyhu. At Winton thoy were joined by Messrs Bain, Stafford and Hernan, members of the Winton Railway League, who offered their services as guides over the country proposed to bo traversed by the branch line. Starting from Green- wood 3 gate, tho party went- through Clippies' paddock and thence over Crown lands a distance of some nine miles to within lialf-a-mile of Mrs Kelly's, on the Fifteen-mile Creek. The party then pro ceeded by way of Bain's Gap to Mr Row land Hughes's bridge on the Fifteen-mile Creek, and thence into Moyhu, a distance of about seven miles. The distance tra velled was 19 miles. Or this, with the exception of one mile, .all the land is un alienated until Hughes's is reached. From this point to Moyhu most of the laud would require to be purchased. iMr Curtis expressed himself as favorably im pressed with the snitability of the route travelled for a branch line to Moyhu. Mr Chandler drove Mr Curtis back to Benalla over different ground, by way of Tockiey's Ga.p, on Sunday. It is probable that an official communication concerning this llymg survey will be received by the local council in a few days. Proposed Railway to Silverton. — A public meeting took place ir> the municipal chambers, Albury, oh Tuesday evening, in connection with the project of connect ing the new mining centre at Silverton with Sydney by railway. Mr Luke Gutson, mayor, occupied tho chair. The following resolutions were carried : — "That in the event of the Government determining to connect Silverton with Sydney by rail, this ineet'ng is of opinion that the best, most easily constructed and riiost generally serviceable route would be via Hay, Oxh-y and Menindie. and that the Minister be asked to order a per manent survey of the route." "That tho mayor bo requested to send copies of the foregoing resolution to the members for the district, for presentation to the Minister, and that the municipal council b-' asked to use their influence in favor of the adoption of tho route above suirgestocl. The 0kr?.ran" Navv. — A successful ex- periment lias been maclo with the object of testing the readiness ef the German mvy on a sudden emergency. At S o'clock on Tuesday morning, 22nd April, orders were issued, without warning, for the mobilisation of the manoeuvring squadron lying at Kiel. In a few hours the sailors and marines ware on board their vessels, ami provisions and ammunition, were also embarked with great rapidity, showing that a squadron of twenty war-ships could, if necessary, have gone to sea within twenty-four hours. Melbourne Sheep Market. — In this market on Tuesday a small supply, viz., 9S33, were yarded, consisting chiefly oF useful to inferior qualities, only a small proportion of prime having come to hand. Fh : demand -was brisk, and all Iot3 suited to trade requiranienfs realised prices about Is per head higher 'ban those ruling last w-ek, while indifferent sorts als-o sold proportionately batter. Quotations — Prime crossbred wethers, from ISs fid to 25s, Mccordiii,-; to weight. ; good do, from 10.. to 17s fid ; second do, from 14s to 15s ; inferior, from 1.1s fid ; prime m-q-ino -.ve .hem, from 15 1" 17s (id ; good do, fr >tn 13s 04 to 14s fid ; second do, from IF to 12s Gd : interior, from 8s fid. F it Limbs. — 6S3 canie forward. Tho demand was brisk, and fully last week's hiph prions were realised. Beat sold at from lis to 12s Gd, a few extra higher ; good, from 9s to 10s ; second, from 7s to Ss : inferior, from 5s. Ojieo Folios Court. — At the Oaieo Poiice Court on Wednesday, 9th inst.. John Biggins, jnn., was charged with being in unlawful possession of a cow. Senior-constable Midline c.mdticted the prosecution, and defendant was sentenced to two month's imprisonment, with hard labor, in Omco Gaol. The presiding maqistrat -a were Messrs E iston, Rodgers, and Coughlan, J.P.'s. The Australian Eleven v Leicester. — The eighteenth match between the. Aus tralian Eleven and an English team was commenced at. Leicester on Monday, when the former placed themselves in competi tion with a team selected from tho County of Leicester. The heavy rains which so frequently prevail in England during the month of July rendered it impossible for tlie match 'o be continued without in terruption fr-.m start to finish., and there was consequently only a slight attendance, says the " Age." When the wickets were drawn the Leicester team had scored 143 l-uus, ell out, Messrs Turner and Warrc-n securing 33 and 32 respectively. The Silv ekton Mines.— According to Wednesday's "Daily Telegraph," it is estimated that the population at Silverton now numbers 3000, and additional parties ars arriving daily. Tho latest find has been at the Treasure miue, twenty miles north-easr from Silverton. This miue is under off-.r for £9000. A 501b sluo of silver has been raised from the Pluck-np mine, 20 miles north-east from Silverton. This slug has been bought bv a speculator. The warden has received £1000 in eight days. This is a splendid field, and? is believed to be the richest in the world, but _ miners are cautioned not to "o without money. ' There is, however, work for tradesmen. Albury Agricultural Society. — At a meeting of the Improvement Committee of the Albury and Border Pastoral and Agricultural Society, held on Wednesday the following tenders were accepted : For construction of 100 sheep hurdles W. Watson, £15. There were six tenders" the highest being £31 53; For , the con'- struction of the grand stand, Keill - and ) Jackson, £367. There were five tenders I the highdst being £535. ' j Departure of the Mail. — The R.M.S.S. Assam left Hobsoa's Bay on Tuesday afternoon, taking gold and specie to the .value of £32,007. A Ghostly Companion. — The " Alpine Observer" soberly relates the following: — On a recent evening the proprietor of/ Dublin House drapery establishment, in Ireland-street, Bright, had au experience of a peculiar and novel nature. A3 related by the gentleman himself — who will gladly narrate the adventure to anyoae who will call on him for that purpose — he was proceeding to his residence at Wan diligong at the close of the day's .business, and whthi passing the cemetery he was joined by a figure having the appearance of an under-sized man, attired in a tweed suit, and small boxer hat. The figure, which apparently emerged from the cemetery gates, took up a position beside Mr D., and continued to move along with him for some considerable distance. A salutation evoked no response, whereupon the peregrinator from the graveyard was perceived to be rather a shadowy creature, and being struck at with an umbrella, offered no resistance to that useful but harmless weapon. Other blows followed, but with no result, the spectre still "marching on" at the side of our now alarmed townsman, until the residence of Mr J. Bet ties, sen., was reached, where it, he or she, as the case may be, disappeared in the same mysterious manner as it came upon the scene. A Pacii Claim. — Eleven tons of gold havo been taken from the Garden Gully United claim, Sandhurst. Statistics for the pa3t fourteen years, since the mine began yielding, arc, the "Independent" states, now being made up, and the round numbers show that the company has, since the tnhutes expired, obtained more than 2G0,G00oz. of gold, whilst in their turn the I tribuiors secured considerably over GOjOOOoz , the whole of the monetary value of about £1,300,000. The amount of flivideiids dnrm these fourteen years we have not been informed, of but we believe we will not. be far wrong in setting it dov.-n as £900,000. Salvation Army Processions. — The following decision of the Court of Queen's Bench, London, in a Salvation Army case is reported in "Reynold's Kewspaper" of 1st J one: — Mr Charles, Q.C., with Mr Frtiser M'Leod, appeitrd to show cause against a rule obtained bv Mr Collins, Q.C. (with whom wai Mr Pitt-Lewis and Mr Austin) for a writ of certiorari to have brongnt up to be quashed by this court a decision of the magistrates of the Citv of Truro in conviction of an offence against a municipal bye-law, by cho captain of the Truro contingent of the Salvation Army. I'lie bye-law in question, one of thoso framed under the Municipal Corporation ; Act, 183o, declares it- an oil'ence for anjr person to sound cr play with a musical in- slvument in any street in the borough aftr having been requested by a house holder or police constable to desist, either on account of illness or for any reasonable cause. The complaint in this case was that the appellant Gray hart per.-, rated in playing a concertina in connection with (he donionsfraiions of the Salvation Army in Victoria Square after he had been re quired by Police -Superintendent Angel to desist, on the ground that the playing tended to bring together large crowds, to increase the disorder attending tee Salva tion Army's pi-, iceedings. and to annoy the householders in the neighborhood. The magistrates fo-tud on tho evidence before. them that there was " reasonable cause," and convicted Gray of an offence against the bye-law. Mr Charles argued in sup port of that deeisiou, while Mr Collins and Mr Pitt-Lewis contended that the bye-law was iinr.'asonr/vli:. Tho court, while de clining on a question of certiorari to re view tho decisions of tho magistrates on the evidence, held that the "bye-law, as applying to cases where the playing amounted to a. nuisance, was not un- l-easonable, ami discharged the rule with costs. Fatal Accident. — A few weeks back we recorded a serious accident w hich befe Alexander McRea, the well-known town. crier and oill-poster, while on his return journey from Gxley, where he had been on a bill-posting mission. Alfhomdi lie managed to get about for a few days after the accident, -with his head bandaged, lie was in a very dangerous condition, and ultimately lie had to be taken to the hospital for treatment, where although due attention was paid him, he gradually got worse, and on Saturday last, at his own re quest, was conveyed to his residence to die, suite.; tlio " W ancaratta Dispatch." Ho expired a r 0 p.m. the same evening, and was interred in the Waugantta Ceme tery nil Monday, the parents of deceased having come iron; Melbourne- to Wangar- ralta to see the remains of thi ir son laid in their last resriLg- place. Deceased loaves a widow with a family of three young child reu unprovided for. 