LAY SERMONS.-No. XXIV. THE SHAKESPEARE CLUB, [BY THE BROTHERS NEMO,] The best lay sermon that we have heard for many a day is that which in delivered on Friday night at the University. We cordially welcome Dr. Boulger into the ranks of the preacher* of non-clerical sermons, and nope that we shall frequent!j have the privilege ol liateniog.to him. Hi* audience, when he de livered hii "sermon" at the inauguration ol the University Shakespeare Club, wm doubt ten "fit," though in consequence of it* being ?elect was necessarily " tew." We hope flu* some arrangement may be made for a rede" liverance of the oration to * larger number of hearers, and we promise him that when the learned professor "next doth rid? abrovi" we wQI be there to Bee, to hear, and to take notes. Havlcg made such an excellent bc ginning, it is to be hoped that he will not "break his ctanV Buy it certain fa'boms in the esrlb, A no deeper than dll ever plummet ?onatJ ( Drown bis book. It would be a good thing it some ot our speakers of clericalaermonaeonldoccasiontlly hear this new preacher. His English, which is brilliant because it is ao simple, his spark licg sentences which slitter because they are so clear, and his sequence of thought, which shows that the speaker is a matter in the art as well as in the science of logic, might well afford a model which would quietly bat effectively put to silence those turgid and overworked utterances which long-suffering laymen have eometimes to endure on Sunday morning. Anything which would induce our parsons to study the art of good composition and of natural and unaffected speech would be a pnblic benefit Clerical twangs and ranting mouUrings are alike violations of taste, and ought to be discouraged. Whether a man speaks with lisping affectation or "tears a passion to tatters, to very tags to split the ears of the groundlings" it Is an offence to good taste. Our professor would say with Hamlet to all such, "Reform it altogether." We met with a gentleman who had been one of Professor Bonlger's auditors who seemingly was not pleased with thelayeer man that he heard, We commend his case to the learned protestor the next time he bis to illustrate to his logic class the maxim, exeeplu prcbat regulam. "What," said this man, whose ample frame evidently enshrined a correspondingly large heart." what have on young men to do with studying plays at the University. It is not for such a purpose that the Parliament votes money for the salaries of its professors, or the erection of its class* rooms. (He was not quite correct; on this point, as the Government do not pay the salaries.) I thought that the University was for the purpose of furtheiiog sound '"Tn'tig in our midst, and here we find one of its tutors publicly advertising such dramatic trash as we have heard to-night. If* a sort of fashion to say everything in praise of Shake* speare, but for my part I can never read him. He ?js a few good things, but be mixes them np with such a quantity of wild romance, ex travagant story, vfllainonspuns, and donbt* ful situations that I prefer to leave him alone. lam sure it would be better for oar young men and young women to stick to their dev eics and mathematics than to go leading Greene and Peele, and Marlowe and Ben Jonton and Shakespeare. If they want poetry let them take to Pope, or Dryden, or Cowper, or Wordsworth, and leave those old playwrights alone." We let cur locntortalk on, for we wanted to hear him express himself. He i* a type of a certain class which raally exists in the midst of our complicated modem society. There are men who forget when theygrov elderly that they were ever young, and who have condemned to a perpetoal "winter ot discontent" any exuberance of fancy that ever tried to blossom in their juvenile days. They forget that life has its 'rnrginstitp siie as weE as its prosaic side, and that young life is especially captivated by imagination. They forget) too, that some of the deepest lessons of life are to be found from a study of the wayward caprices of human acting and human thinking. Such ssen prove their narrowness by their obtrusive dogmatism. We remember a worthy citizen of this type who would not allow the family bookshelf to be " polluted by a copy of Shakespeare,''and the consequence was that in after life his sobs became inordinate denmrers of French novels and patrons of the lowest comedies at the theatre. Shakespeare has such a unique reputation in the history of English literature that it is fitting that his works should bs studied alongside of the gnat masterpieces of the Greek] drama. In felidty of language, In depiction of character, in depth of thought, and in range of imagination, no one can com pare with him in any age. His dramas have euch interest for the student that they are independent of the scenic adjuncts of the stage for their charm. They hare to be minutely studied to be appreciated. The appliances of the modern theatre would in aany cases utterly spoil them. To see a solid imitation of a ghost take a chair and tit down in Macbeth'* seat, or to hear the mimic storm of rattling sheet iron while bear is wandering in grand scorn over the heath, ortoeeeaship tossing np and down by the aid of ropes that have no nautical same, when Prospero by his ark " puts the wild waters in this roar," tends rather to spoil all real appreciation of the art of the poet Shakes* peace himself did not depend on any ?uesi meretricious aid to make his dramas succeed. The scenery in his day was of the rudest and simplestdescriptiontfaatcanbeimagiaed. One writer tells us that the Globe Theatre, of which Shakespeare himself was one of the pro prietor*, was built without any covering, except over the stage. -The play began at three o'clock. The nobles and the ladies sat on boxes cr on stools on the stage. The people stcod in the pit or yard. The.stage itself wasanakedroom strewn with rushes, and. with a blanket for a curtain. Wooden imlta* tions of animalu, towers, woods, &3, were all the scenery used, and a board stating tHe place of action was hung from the top when the Ecene changed. The female parts were all taken by boys. Such extreme simplicity may be sn anomaly in this age of x"iestic tit revivals, but it ii surety somewhat signifi cent that the great dramas of Shakespeare should have depended only on good acting for their popularity. "Henry V. did not then ride in on a "real horse" to am?? the spectators. No peal of bells; "costing a ihowand paundt," heralded the triumphant entry into London. The fascinating charms of beauty were not needed to win favor for the " wise yonng judge." No "pencil's aid" was required to depict the forest of Arden, and when the poet describes the castle of Duncan which " hath a pleasant teat, and where the air nimbly and ssreeUy recommends itself unto our gentle senses," he neidcd no mote than words and gesture to bring the tcene before his patrons. Our professor has done well.in endeavoring to fottcr in bis students and in the other members cf the club a taste for goad reading. Be tells us that the plays of Shakespeare are to be read aloud in a semi dramatic fashion, as well as studied. In this new departure it is to be hoped that the dub wOl teach the various public school* a useful lesson. The ait of readiag English is sadly neglected in many of our educational establishments. .It is an easy art to be acquired in youth, but it is very difficult for any one to attain facility and power in it when the habit of ntteranoe and manner are fixed. Those who happen to have a natural knack for tolerable recitation may be called upon to amuse the panic on "rpeech days," but there is an almost uni vcrtal neglect of good elocutionary fanning, Recitation is much easier than reading, but the ait of leading aloud is'far more vahwde than mere parrot-like repetition. Out of a hundred bens or girls only a dczan perhaps are naturally fair redtert, and out of that dczen oaly two or three are able to ros.il aloud to a* not to send theirlisteoerstoalaep; ? yet ont of that hundred fifty muht br jndfcions.tlammgas9.njre both arts. If .ffcjs - art were mote comsjtotiflr practised ui the schoolait would luc*?? ?t\swerthjr?ffect-fti > courseof time tmnii nnimi**f*>t*imum and thejpe^7SS*SjOtosint ?*?*, * ?nwlfl BlsULssl s&ftls;* f^srnHsKslY*s9iflk^Bkk*aflaf WASBsVsbmm diimcS?^*iiMnS.K3piiaai?Msi?iw?ss??~~^ juSjjlas **?MiiM?i*^?3^s?siaS£^s^B?*^ - that are the i32ms~ai Tiss{£ oratorical peculiarities twice enryBu?a%rf| . :~'7. -V.v t 