THE RECOGNITION OF FRIENDS IN HEAVEN. AT. St. Mark's schoolroom, on Monday evening, the Rev. C. J. Byng re-delivered his lecture on "The Recognition of Friends in Heaven," to a very attentive audience, numbering about 300 persons. The Incum bent of the parish (the Rev. R. B. Barlow) occupied the chair, and in a few well chosen sentences introduced the rev. lec turer, who commenced by remarking that the subject of his lecture was one of thrill ing interest to all-from the potentate on her throne to the peasant in his humble cottage. There was a story told of a certain minister of religion-it was not stated to what particular denomination he belonged, and perhaps it was just as well that it wasn't. The minister in question was on his death-bed, and his poor wife endeavored to comfort her husband and herself by say ing, "We will meet in Heaven," to which the dying minister replied, -"My dear, when I get into heaven, I will be so absorbed in the adoration of my Creator, that I would not know you if you were by my side for ten thousand years." A very comforting piece of information, to be sure, for an affectionate loving wife just about to be come a minister's widow. That was not the view that he (the rev. lecturer) took of heaven. He believed heaven to be a place where families would meet to part no more. He said, a "place," for he believed that heaven was a " place," and had "a local habitation. It was recorded in Scripture that Enoch and Elias had been translated into heaven, and Enoch and Elias were living, breathing men. They had hands and feet, and was it to be sup posed that they walked upon and handled nothing but either. This idea was abroad. It was related in Genesis that Jacob had a vision of heaven, and there saw things not lawful for man to mention. In scripture, heaven was spoken of as a " house," Thus, "In my Father's house there are many mansions." Heaven was spoken of as a "City" and as a " Kingdom,' P, oofs almost innumerable could be brought forward to show that heaven had a " local habitation." To come to the question of the recognition of friends in heaven, it was related in Genesis that Abraham gave up the ghost and was gathered to his fathers; that Isaac gave up the ghost, and was gathered to his fathers. The same thing was related of Jacob and Moses, and of Aaron. The phrase, gathered :to his fathers, could not mean commingling with the dust, for Jacob died in Egypt, 200 miles away from the land of his fathers, and Moses died at a spot on the confines of Canaan, forty miles away from the spot where Aaron gave up the ghost. The phrass evidently meant the Kingdom of Heaven, where the elect would be gathered together in the horse of their fathers. The rev. lecturer next quoted the passage in scripture, "The men of Ninevah will rise up in judment against this genera tion." Was that a mere figure of speech ? "They shall be accepted, and we rejecte_." Was that, also, a figure of speech ? Then there was the passage about the Queen of Sheba. These passages would be meaning less if there was no recognition of friends in heaven. So would the well known passage, "For every idle word," &c.; The same remark would apply to the passage, " For as much as you have done," &c.; Was it to be supposed that when these words were addressed to a member of the church of Christ jpst arrived from earth that member would look around and be unable to recognise any of " These, my brethren ?" In the 16th chapter of Luke it was related that Dives saw Lazarus in Abraham's bosom, andthat Lazarus saw Dives in " the other place." Dives recognized Lazarus and Lazarus recognizes Dives, and they spoke to each other. Then, again, there would be retributive justice, and all men would see it. How could all men see retributive justice if there was to be no 4ecognition of indivi duals and no recollection Of events, circum-' stances, places, and things ? Paul, in his Epistle to the Thessalonians, says, "Bye and bye I shall meet you in the Kingdom, &c;:' Was Paul speaking at random ? The rev. lecturer proceeded to meet the objections against the recognition of indi viduals in the neat world, the principal objection being that a glorified body in heaven would be a very different thing to a body on earth. Admitting that there would be a very great difference, he contended that the difference would not be so great as to prevent recognition. In the transfigura tive scene the countenance of the Saviour " shone like the sun, and his garments be came so white that no Father could make them whiter," and yet Peter, James, and John could recognise their Divine IMaster. They did not become confused. They did not mistake Christ for Moscs or Aaron. Take the case of the Queen of England in her royal robes and the small earthen image of Her Majesty. There could be no mistake. Every one would say, "That is the Queen!" Her Miajesty's image was moulded in potter's clay, was cast in silver and in gold, and was carved in diamond. but wherever it was seen, no matter in what material, every person would say, '" That is the Queen." Another objection, and a very grave one, was that the idea of unalloyed happiness and perfect felicity in heaven was incon sistent with the knowledge of the eternal punishment of those who on earth had been most loved, and near and dear. Absence necessarily implied perdition. In dealing with that objection it should be re membered that the Almighty was a God of infinite goodness, infinite mercy, and in finite love. The greatest of all earthly loves was that of a mother for her child; but even that love was nothing to compare to the love of God for mankind. "God so loved the world that he gave up his only Son," &c.;, and if God in his justice con demned creatures whom he so loved, the fault lay with the creatures, not with the Creator, It was not for the finite creature to feel discontent at the will of the infinite Creator. The knowledge of the infin'.te goodness and mercy of God will suffice to render the creature perfectly content and happy. The rev. lecturer concluded with an eloquent peroration, and the expression of a fervent hope that he and his hearers that evening would meet in the kingdom of the Lord, and be able to recognize one and other as "Friends in Heaven." 