\-- WESLEYAN ANNIVERSARY.' aNVx?ERSAu ' services in connexion with the Williamstown Wesleyan Church, were held on Sunday- last. Rev. R. Fitcher preached morning and evening. At the latter service the rev, gentleman took for his text Acts xxv, 27-29--"= King Agrippa be lievest thou the prophets? 'I know that thou believest. Then Agrippa said into Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian. And Paul said, I would to God that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost and altogether such as I am, except these bonds." The rev. gentleman said that when be was in that church two years ago, he took for his subject Paul before Felix. His subject that night would be Paul before King Agrippa. The occasion on which the memorial words of the text were uttered was a matter of notoriety. The subject ought to prove of thrilling interest to every devout man.il The Apostle had been violently seized, and an attempt to tear him in pieces had been made by the mob. Certain Jews bound themselves by an oath, that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul, and the chief captain had him conveyed by military escort to the Pro-Consul Felix. After being brought before that functionary, he was taken before the new Governor Festus, and althought he clearly demonstrated his innocence, the gover nor evinced a desire to yield to the clamor of the Jews by sending him to Jerusalem. Paul knew that the Jews were lying in wait to kill him. He claimed the privilege of a Roman, and appealed to Ca;sar. Agrippa was a Jewish king, and governor of a province under the Roman Empire. At the command of Festus the apostle, stobd before Agrippa,Bernice, and a anumber'of the principal men of the city, and it was before the aungust assembly that. this lucid and masterly address was delivered.' It would be difficult to con ceive anything more suitable or: grace ful than the manner of the address. It had all the seriousness and spirituality of the Christian, all the boldness of the apostle, and in it the politeness of the gentleman and the scholar were sweetly blended. The Apostle spoke boldy for they all believed him-of his con versation, and his varied labours; he proclaimed and advocatel the doctrines of the gospel. Festus, ignorant of the scriptures, interrupted. He cried aloud, "Paul thou art beside thyself; too much learning doth make thee mad." He replied, in refutition of the charge, " I am not mad, most noble Festus, but speak the words of truth and soberness, etc." The rev, gentleman then glanced at the Apostle's mighty appeal to the faith, conscience and understanding of king Agrippa. The wisdom he displayed in adapting his discourse to his hearers. There was a wide difference between this address and the one delivered upon the Hill of Mars, but an equally wise design was evidenced in both. "I think myself happy king Agrippa because I know, thee to be expert, etc." He brought before him the great facts and doctrines of Christianity, and had not proceeded far before he perceived the impression on the mind of his audience, especially on the king, whose knowledge and re spect for the scriptures taught him to approve of Paul's reasoning and follow his arguments, and see the justice of his conclusions. Mark here, how Paul, when he perceives the effect of- his words, with what great adroitness he plies him with the pointed appeal of the text-" King Agrippa, believest thou the prophetsi I know that thou be lievest r' He is a believer in the pro phets, and he professes a kind of faith, and thus Paul appeals to the Law. There is a conscience in the King, and the Apostle appeals to that conscience. There is an understanding and momen tary seriousness in Agrippa, and these are appealed to. Many persons in the congregation had points of similarity with the king. He was not a believer; neither are they unbelievers. Believers and yet unbelievers-believers in the scriptures to some extent, yet unsaved; possessors of faith, but not a saving faith. "I appeal to you, a believer in the prophets, that Jesus is the Christ. If you believe in the prophets, to be consistent, you must believe in Jesus Chsist-tho sum and substance of the Old Testament writers." The Apostle appealed to the kings conscience and understanding, and especially to his knowledge and belief in the prophets. Mark the effect of the appeal, "Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian." Think how powerful must have been the conviction to Ihave wrung from him this confession at such a place and time. He was not to be restrained by the formalities of the court, he yields to the power of cnnscience as hIe exclaims, "Almost thou persuadest me." Only the very srongest conviction could have made him Egive expression to the words. But it was a gracious visitation for King Agrippa. Divine truth shone vividly for the time; the Spirit of God strove powerfully with him-the servant of the living God dealt faith fully with him. Salvation waited acceptance. Alas! He was only almost persuaded. A mighty struggle convulsed his bosom, but the propensity to sin ruined him, it is to be feared, for ever. The rev. gentleman asked were I there not many Agrippas in that con gregation who went thus far, but who lost their souls at the last. They had not so much to do with unbelievers as with believers-those who come pre pared to hear the word gladly and acknowledged its excellence, but who are not prepared to part with some" particular sin-wilo with light in the mind and conviction in the heart, go straight on to ruiu, exclaiming as they walk into the grave "I am almost persuaded ." Such undecided characters should stand forth as IIis servants, and unite their testimony with God's witnessing people, and become followers of the despised Nazarene; they must not stand aloof from the Camp of Israel. If they continue to be ashamed of Christ lie will be ashamed of them on the great decisive Day. Others go still further. They join the church, they connect themselves with the living God, but still fall short of Salvation. There are those who possess faith, but not a saving faith ; they have the form of goe-iness but are destitute of spirisual vitality. The gospel holds out no hope for such. These almost touch Heaven, yet drop into Hell, and are lost for ever. The preacher then glanced at the Apostle's rejoinder--' Wou:d to God that not only thou, but also all that hear me, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds." It was customary for a prisoner to be bound to a Roman soldier, but it supposed that on entering the court Paul was freed from the soldier, but appeared wvithl the chain on his arm-an ambassador in chains! How affecting, when in the courte ot the delivery of the address he reterred to his manacled arm. There sat hi judges in all their glitter and pomnp dr~rsiied in a little brief authority-he, i the servant of. the Most High, in chains. What a contrast between the parties. Paul, a prisoner, speaks as the Lord's blessed freeman; they, the slaves of sin, listen. The preacher then discoursed on the consequences of being "almost persuaded." Agrippa was the very antithesis of a christian. There is no resting place between being a child of God and not being a child of God, between being a christian and not being a christian. What is .the good of your boasted love and admiration for Christianity, if you refuse to give up these sins which Christanity demands you should. The servant who knows the Lord's will but doeth it'not, shall be beaten with many stripes, Spiritual maladies, like ordinary wounds, must be probed and lanced before a cure can be accomplished. The man who is " ilmost' persuaded" re alises the probing, but never enjoys the sense of Salvation. Take an: illustration of one deemed almost to be saved. A ship is wrecked close to the shore. A boat is manned and proceeds to the rescue: Suppose you are on the wreck. Death stares you in the face. You companions have entered the boat and you are almost persuaded.. to ac company them. Would not the thought that yi had been' almost 'persuaded to accompany the others, add to the bitter ness of dying 1 Take another illustratiod. A man who has made pretentious to the character of a christian is upon his death bed. The spirit" leaves the:body 'and passes into eternity. . The good angels succeed in bearing, the spirit to the portals of the sky, where he, like all, must undergo the.scrutiny of the great Judge. There he stands, like the man without the wedding garment:-The evil spirits rush forward and secure their prey and bear it away to darkness and damnation. Is it 'any gratification to that. soul to. know that it reached the portals' of the sky and caught a glimpse of glory I A passenger was lost in the Royal Charter, and a clergyman was deputed to carry the sad intelligence to the widow who lived near. the scene of, the wreck. He made the visit and broke: the news to her. A tear rose to her eye and stole down her cheek, but she made only one reply-" So near home, and yet lost!" How many there are who are "nearly saved," and yet when the summer is over and the harvest past will be found unsaved. Some, in all probability. will keep the same position, will have came and gone powerfully wrought upon by the Holy Ghost-" almost persuaded"-but will have lived and died in the same position -so near home, and yet lost. After relating an instance of a sudden death which had come' under his own obser vation, the preacher said that the victim of the fatal accident was a man subject to the powerful influences of the Holy Ghost. He always intended to be saved, and yet he passed into Eternity unre deemed. Some of his hearers would do the same. ,They might be. saved that night ere they left God's house, and if death overtook them, they would 'pass to Him for evermore. But if they left the sanctuary unredeemed and death overtook . them,: Oh, God ! Where would they be found. A very successful tea meeting and fruit soiree in. connection' with the anniversary was held in the Sunday Sceool on Monday evening. The follow ing ladies presided over the 'tea tables- - Mesdames Hall, Stone, McNeal, Groves and Harvey, and Misses Minnie Smith, Co:, Mamby, Smith, Springhall, Stone, Jones (2), Elsum, Lee and Thompson. A public meeting followed, at which addresses were delivered by Revs. Watkins and Dodgon, Messrs. Beaver M.L C., Bedford and others. A very agreeable feature in the proceedings were a number of sacred selectibns de livered by the church choir-a body of vocalists whose 'training reflects). the utmost credit on the choir-leader, Mr. G. F. Smith. We understand that from a financial point of view, the anniversary was a pronounced success. 