ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [Br Twi GHOST.] The political world is now in a dead calm; a caolmwhich, according to some prophets,-lIn ,whom the wlih is perhaps father to the thought, portends o coming storm. From what point of the compass the hurricane is to blow ta,'how ever, up to the present a matter of the merest surmise. Major Smith and AMr. Mirams have made a mild attempt to create a feeling of op. position to the Government, without any great measure of success attending their efforts in this direction; but none of the otllher members who sit to the left, of Mr. Speaker in the Assembly have made any 'sign, the encourago ment given to the two gentlemen who have indulged in oxtra parliamentary oratory adverse to the Coalition not being of a kind much .calculated to warrant a repetition of the experi ment. Mr. Mackay and MIr. Gaunson, whose loquacity in the House is notorious, have pre served'a discreet silenice, and Mr. M'Intyre has not yet returned from his journey home to vent his spleen at having been disappointed' in inducing the British'capitalist to invest in the Meldon mines 'on' all who differ from him. 'Mr. ' Patterson, :too, is still in England;'so that there is some. small probability of a diminution of the stream of words that ordieiarily .lows with such violence at the commencement of every session. Meanwhilo thd?Ministry'a'remaking the most'of the few idlee days still at their 'disposal before Parlia ment'asseombles to finally decide on what hills reo tobe lirnmisednin the vicoregtil epeeoh on the 10th, and meet daily in Cabinet Council to impart the final polish and 'rub off the angular portions of the measures they intend to submit. Tlieme, if rumour.can be credited, are to be as few ind as unimportant as possible. The matters to be dealt with will be entirely of a " social" character, involving no question of' policy, and, embracing no subjects calculated to lead to party'divieions, And although the Land Act expired some 'years ago, unless compelled " by: the force of circumstances," which 'in :plainl English means a sufficiently powerful Opposi tion, the Govornment do not intend inviting' any fresh legislation during the present session,: the excunse tendered being that it will be well to watch" the'success of the eMallee Settlement' Act before 'dealing with the remaining portions of the uualieonatod lands 'of the colony. Theo tariff report and the education report are both the work of Commissions, and will,; therefore, be handed over to the tender miercies of the Assembly, to be dealt with at the sweet: will of honourable members, in a "go-as-you please" fashion,' which, although hardly con-i ducivo to sound legislation, is "eminently 'satis factory to a Ministry anxious to avoid any unpleasant liability, and' to lead a peaceable: and lengthened existence... Independently of the absence of " burning" questions,, and subjects upon which the life of, the' Government .may hinge, events now tran-' spiring are working in a direction which in'u't ensure alibng tenor of powkr to the present in. cumbonts of oflice. The news that thile dyria -miite faction has commenced active operations in London, and a section of the undesirable fraternity has left San Francisco en route to the Australian colonies, .has aroused an intense feeling of distrust 'of the party which owed allegiance to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who mainly compose the present Parliamentary Opposition, and rendered the return of any of them to the. coveted Treasury benches impossible for many years to come. Truly the stare in their courses may. be said to be working in favour of Mr.; Service. And apropos of this gentleman, nothing more has up to the present been heard of the in-. tended knighthood. It is expected, however, that next mail will bring the usual letter, by, which the conferrence of the honour is generally: preceded. In regard to Mr. Berry, it Is not likely that his demooratio virtue will be assailed' by the.offer of a title, and that he will be afforded the opportunity of being able to boast of its rejection, even should he decide upon this. course, and on this' poinet there is room. for. considerable doubt. The newspaper of which he was a short time ago part;proprietor has expressed the opinion that there is nothing incompatible between a' democratic leader and a titular distinction, and that Mr. Berry would be conferring an honour on " the party " by accepting the prefix to his name. Perhaps, therefore, when the grapes are no longer sour, they may be swallowed. The " unemployed" difficulty has been settled without the interfedrence'of the Government, who wisely perceiving the bogus character of the movement, allowed it to settle itself. The contractor for cutting down a portion of Ken .sington Hill has published a letter, in which he asserts that he is prepared to employeeas many men as offer themselves. at 7s a day,' and to pay twice that amount for horses and carts, bdt' that he cannot obtain them. The fact is that despite ,their protests, and the patting on the back' the interviewers are subjected to by the "' popular" journals, the fellows who affirm they' require work are "loafers," or belong to the claws who go about " looking for work anid prayihg'they may not find it." Perhaps the choice has bees made as a compli ment to our Scotch Premier, for there is really no other reason why. the military authorities should have selected tartan cloth in preference to "true blue,'-'as the material wherewithal our'Artillery Mlilitia shall be clothed. A more unfortunate choice could hardly have been made, and already a number of the men have signified their intention of leaving the service if compelled 'to make "guys" of them selves. Major Sargood's soft goods experience may peohape have led him to pronounce the chosen cloth" as a " a neat thing in plaids," but it is too bad that at the very outset of their career our, national defenders should be liable to the taunt that they are always "kept in check." How these University Professors love each other to be sure I Their brotherly affection almost equals that' of the members of the Presbyterian Assembly. Not long ago two of the learned professors, after burlifg at each other epithets the reverse of classical, indulged in a bout of fisticuffs, and now wehave aeiother " gentleman" of the professorial staff bringing an unfounded charge of neglect of duty against one of his colleagues, Mr. Elkington is ,the offender in this case, the assailed one being Professor Andrew. The obarge was disproved, but notwithstanding this fact, the accuser has not apologisod. Outsiders not conversant with University etiquette may be induced to infer from this episode, that " polite literature" and good manners do notat times go hand in hand. The victims of the Oriental Bank failure in Sydney are decidedly in their generation wiser thani their Victorian follow sufferers. A credi tor'tn the neighbouring colony has taken pro coedings against the defaulting institution, and the Supreme Court Judges have decided that he is at liberty to consider the bank as solvent, and to , proceed to judgment and execution, there being no legal evidence in the 'colony of the suspensieon of payment. Victorians are apt to pride themselves on their "smartness," but it is evident their noighbours across tile Murray can give them points, and boat them into the bargain. Morgan, the perpetrator of the horrible double outrage at Panmure, has explated his crimes, and the gallows has claimed its due. Beforo meeting his doom he confessed his guilt, thus setting the minds of the jury that brought in a verdict of guilty entirely at their ease, Hie, however, emphlatically denies the assertion that he is the author of a like tragedy enacted under'exactly similar eiroumstances in Tas. mania some twenty-six years since, and is most desirous that this denial should be made publio. Even a wretch so vile as he has shown himself to be is not entirely lost to self esteem, and is anxious not to appear worseg than he is in the eyes of his fellow men. Some months ago, the preprieltors of a number of country newspapers met in Melbourne and formed an assoeiation under the somewhat im posing title of "The Provinlcial Press Union," with the object of protecting themselves against advertising agents, and by a system of co-pora tloo, cheapening the cost of the metropolitan news and corespondenoe. The affair, howoever, las not proved the sucoess its originators anti clpated. Some of the promoters have already seceded from the Union, and others are, it is said, on the eve of following their example. After a short trial it was found imrosesiblo to get on without the well known and established ngencies in Melbourne, and tIe corresponlents found it difficult to shape their epistles so as to please the Liberal lion while not offending the Conservative lamb. The organisation, ushered into existence amidst a loud flourish of rhcto rioal trumpets, is not,from present appearances, likely to prove long-lived; for even the most patient readers of hountry broadbshetslike something better in the shape of news than a series of Police Court items and mysterious hints of scandals, "shortly to be made public," whioh; have' no existence save in the imagina. tion of the writer of the "sensational" para graphs. The identicallysanmeloetter published n a score of provinoial papers loses much of its 'interest. Oaesir becomes too much like Pom pey, and ex uno'diste ounntc is hardly a suitable motto for a number of country journals, Variola or Varicolla ? Th? isa at present the question in Melbourne anent. which doctors differ. The unluoky,patient has done his boat towards puzzling tlioe medical' fraternity by shuffliig off this mortal coil, and it will theroe 'fore, in all probability, be a matter of debate whether the man Barker died of small-pox or chioken.pox. One solution of the problem has been offered by Dr. Youl, the City Coroner, who has expressed the opinion that the malady to which the patient succumbed is a new disease developed in Australia. The theory, however, appears a far-fetched: one. These sunny southern olimes are unfavourable' even to the development' of the germs of most of the old world eplidemibs, and are hardly likely there fore to generate fresh'ones. Any new ailments, such for instance as the protection craze and the "Berry blight,',' only affeoot the body politic. In the theatrical world, there is not much to: recoid.> "Ma?ie Antoinette" is drawing good houses at the Opera House, with Signora Mlajeroni in the title role.' The Princess is at present i'closed.. MIiss Genevieve Ward is 'starring!'. in: the country, preparatory to opening' at the . Royal, while the "New' Magdlen," with Miss Joffreys-Lowis and Mr.j Alfred Dampier' in the principal parts, are attracting fair audienoes. At the Bijou, "La' Belle Helone" has,:given place to the always popular " illo de Madame Angot," Miss'! lfelville having every reason to be satisfied with the public patronage accorded her. Opera at "popular" prices evidently suits the taste of the M1elbourno theatre goers. Juno 6. 