[?] ' Specially collated and epitomised tor "The Weakly , . -. / Tiin»A.") ' Colonpulllngs. The close season forfaftres is to be ab uisqt d. ) Mr. J.-G- DuffyV MiL.A., is in search of 4" health in New Zealand. . Land offices are to "be estibliehcd at Change andGleb tones, N:S. W. Hay is ; to be of the new bishopric of Riverina. - - . The Pacific mail steamer Australia arrived at Auckland on the 15th. . . i Mr. J ustice Holrbyd is about to spend his t vacation in New Zealand. Heavy sentences have been imposed in the Hopeful kidnapping case. ; Competitive designearetobe called for for the improvement of Albert Park. ( The Hon. W. Swaihson, the first Attorney- General ot New Zealand, is dead. It. is proposed. to construct ia private rail- tray between Deniiiquin and Hay. Mr. J G Lobb intends to contest Dalhousie at the next general election. The Government have promised to take Steps to open the Mofcau country, N.Z. Mr. W.G. Jackson a prominent member of the Sandhurst City Council, i« dead. j A suspended telegraph cable no w connects. Craubourne with Cowes, on Phillip Ielanj. The question of payment of members is being discusSed in the Queensland Parha- ment. ; Tenders for locomotives for the New Zea- < land railways will be called for in about a month. A cadet corps is to be established in con nection with the Duuoliy District St&ie-; sohools. William Mitchell; a Beechworth corh- positor, was drowned in the Murray on Monday. Lord Reay, who declined the Governorship o! "Victoria, has beenappoioted Governor of Bombay. Mr. B. C. Harriman of the Crown Law Department, when the mail left was in London. Negotiations are in a forward state for the establishment of a Belgian colony in New Zealand. The Home of Hope for destitute children was opened by Lady Clarke at Colliogwood. on Monday. Mr. G. N. Stewart, of Tauranga, N. Z , is a cousin of Colonel Stewart, murdered in the Soudan. . > Mr. Blackburne, champion chess player of . England, will arrive by the Kildare at the end of the month. ; . The Apollo Candle Company and Messrs. J. Kitchen and Son s Candle Company have been amalgamated. A co- operative boot factory is to be established in Brilarat; capital, £5,000, in 10,000 10s. shares. The twelfth of the present month was the 242nd anniversary of the discovery of New Zealand by Tasman. In Australia last year one mile of railroad for every 57,000 people was built ; in America one for every 8.000 Mr. Stuart, Premier of New South Wales, ia now in Melbourne an route to Tasmania and New Zealand. Stephen Marsden, an ex-railway guard at Sale, has been sent to gaol for eighteen months for forgery. Detective Hyland, the victim of the Bungaree shooting case, is in a somewhat dangerous condition. £350 hae been awarded to satisfy the claims of those who suffered loss through the outbreak of email -pox. The international match at the Y R A. meeting was won by the English team, Aus tralians being second. The body of Harriet Baxter has been f und drowned in the Murray at Koonarook. She was formerly a publican. The steam ear invented by Captain Rowan is now beiDg utilised with great advantage on the Maryborough to Avoca line. A number of dilapidated tenements have been condemned by Fitzroy and Collingwood Councils as unfit for habitation. The Trades and Labour Council at Wel lington are advocating the establishment of a Government Labour Exohange. The Sunday railway traffij in Queensland, it was recently mentioned iu the Parliament of that colony, just pays expenses. Negotiations are still in progress for a con ference between Victoria and Tasmania on the subject of reciprocity of trade. Edith Cavanagb, aged fifteen, has been committed for trial at Sandhurst on various charges of defrauding tradesmen. Mr. John Carroll, farmer, Badsginnie, has a cat which, deprived of its offspring, has brought np a litter of young rabbits. The names of all licensed victuallers will be omitted from the new Commission of the Feaoe, which is to be issued next year. Theson of Mr. Wisdom, M.P., of New South Wales, has been found dead on a station near Goodooga with a rifle bullet in bts brain. The a anual endowment of the Melbourne University (£9,000) is growing too small to meet the requirements of the institution. The Mayor of Auckland has intimated that the income of the public library from the Costley bequest will be £800 per annum. A lady resident of Baliarat killed a duob, and in its gizzard found forty -t wo large sized nails, and a drees hcok about lin. in length. The Hon. Donoan Gillies is to be banqueted at Koroit in consequence of bis services in piloting the Railway Bill through. Germany is about to annex the northern part of New Guinea in pursuance of the de plorable agreement between Bismarck and Gladstone. \ The blue ribbon movement amongst the Maorfes is seriously diminishing the receipts of the hotel-keepers at Cambridge and Alex andra, N Z _ A branch of the St. John Ambulance Society has been established in Adelaide, as II I IIIII I . - J.' I J. L_J I— iJUJ- .. -J J .J I -- A- On Sunday lasfc the new .Wesley an Church F at Ljjdiard street, Bkliarat; whieu;b,af been , erepte i at a cost of £$000, Was opened for . public worship. , Tne iuojft of the branches of t - e AmaKa- mired Miners' Asa ciatian have voted funds ; towards the support of the operative boot makers on strike. ' ' - "y. J ' The Orq wn iutends to proceed against the boiuii-uianil. Captain Sr-.a'w,,ov the , Hope'iii, to recover £1,000 the amount of their, bond against' kidnapping. . . A picnic to the Rev. J. G. and Mrs. Lawee, of New Guinea, was recently given at Sydney, by Sir John R hertson and other members of the Reform Club. The New Sooth Wales W talfch and In dustrial Exhibition, under tbe auspices oi , the Protection and Political Reform League was opened on Monday. ' ' It has been decided by fee Council of ths Melbourne Doiver bitv to appoint a professor of classics at £700 a year akd when the funds admir, a jsecotad.profc.s-or. . ; The council of the Leopold Working Men's College will meet at.the end of January- to consider what steps shall 'be taken towards the erection of the college. ' Herr Tannert, Master of "the School of Painting in 'South Australia, proposes, in order to develop a taste for art, to. open a publio art studio in Adelaide. 1 One Melbourne man in the boot and shoe business is reported to have sent £1.800 to Sydney for goods, in or'er uot to let the loek- out interfere with his business. The extraordinary plague of rats down Nelson (N.Z.) way, which is still On the increase, is said by old inhabitants to be the precursor of a tremendous flood. Tbe -Chinese now number between 200 and 300 on the Johnstone River goldfi d, dis covered5)? some- of tbeir number.. John as a prp-ptctor- appears in a novel light. Mr: F. L Outtrioo, of the Postal Depart ment, ' whilst trying -to make a short cut between Sale and Omeo -recently, got lo9t, and spent two days and nights in th® bush. Beach's backers, by an oversight, neglected to pay lip the second deposit iu the match with Clido d, and Clifford claimed the stakes, £150. A fresh match is to be made. Mr, Murray, Government geologist, suggests the formation of a strong company at Alexandra,, to siuk I.SOOfb., at which depth he anticipates highly remunerative results. The jury having disagreed for a second time in the action Parses v., Webb, Mr. Webb is Dot again to be prosecuted crimioally, Civil proceedings, will probably be taken. Sir Julius Yogel has commenced an aCtioa for £10,000 damages against the " Welling- ton Times/" for a series of alleged libels, in; reference to hiB connection with the English telephone companies. The owners of pyrite works in the Shire of Marong have been charged with carrying on a noxious trade. Doctors differed so much as to the injurious character of pyrites that the case was dismissed. The Civil Service was practically placed under the administration cf the Public Ser vice Commissioners on Saturday, but it is not anticipated that the new Act will come into full force until the 1st January next. On tbe voyage of the barqueotine Jasper, from Mauritius to Port Chalmers, that vessel experienced very rough weather. Oil-bags were thrown out to wind ward to break the force of the sea, and proved of great assistance. Mrs. Frances Wordsworth, the lady who survived the wreck of the Strathmore, and for months endured hardships on the Crozets rocks, died recently in New Zealaud, her death being accelerated by the hardships she had undergone. Mr. M. Caselberg, o? Mastertoo, N.Z., has bit upon a novelty in school prizes. He has offered the Masterton School Committee a sewiDg machine, valued at £4 4s., for the girl best qualified for becoming a good, useful settler's wife. We wonder who are to be the judges? A young lndy at York, West Australia, recently, while plucking ferns, succeeded iu finding a fine specimen of gold. As a reward of £2,000 is offered for discover ing a pyab e g ildficid, it is to be hoped the fair finder of the auriferous specimen will be a» le to make her claim good, and receive the i £2 000 reward. | The valuation for the town of Hotham ' has just been completed by the valuator, who has reported the result to be as follows : — Eastern Ward, L38,789; Middle Ward, L43,236; Western Ward, L35, 157 ; total, Li 17, 182. The population, according £o his estimate, was 18,833. A house at Ballarat was reported to 'be hauuted. A tenant who went into occupation of it heard wei>-d and moaning suunfls. Following them up he found they were caused by the vibrations of some imperfectly-fastened boards of the building, upon which tbe half gale blowing was taking effect. A few bld«s with a hammer tightened up the boards and killed tbe ghost. j Benjamin Wheedon, aged 109 years and five months, died last week in the Bendigo Hospital. He was born at Connecticut, in Rhode Island, and sailed from London! to Sydney in 1806. .He put into Pprt Phillip Bay for water in 1823, and was some years ia the Degraves's employ shipping battle between Hobart and Melbourne. He Went to Sandhurst in 1652, and oa> tied on business as a sail maker. Mr. J. Pa c ten, keeper of a registry office iu Ballarat, has btcome Tbe possessor of k large property in Spain, bequeathed prior - to decease by a leiaiive, Sir Hugh O'Rthly. Altogether the property, brings in, report says, a rental of £7.000 a year, and it is thought that Mr Patten wi|lL;aisp bto4me pugr eeeor of a ti le with ibe eetate. He leaves for hia new pttata shortly, but inteuds to return to BaUarat, where he has promised to build a new Roman Qathoho hall, , China- : ia..e.!. .. i " ;il,;a;,;/es'',"haye Deep, ih , "gGeav: ' .,'v YvV:';,' ' i - ' . a V.'avs iiiVee,iraV$t ,y l eA..;>v6 , . . . .. ; : 'VI. L nr):->Siy -is cig-anieing tpfi : : -nrFi ; ii | 1 A iMTf'a i-s c ti a V g d''f qr i fie' w a ?e r i t n : & J' / sil --i a: 0 ad i . " ;V ' : A a e : i.oa, fit ; lit r ueii - Spe desr -s -eir.i -arri. : Ps i c- ik in I hi- L' ni toll i.'C etiy.-Mi-.nu/- ./ : . j l/ne K'litibargi) Medical fechpo. is the. largest JJI , ' Paris has 437. sohooli or drawing, with 182 professors and 27,000 pupils. ' A Portuguese .expeJ ition . is preparing tp explore Soutli- eaaternAfrica. -P ofessor Baron Nordenakjfild is abput to attempt to reaoh> the South Pole J The Russian iEoApireohly contain® as many newspapers, as New Yrork city— 625. : . Seventy, miners have been, killed by a colliery, explosion ic tha north of Hungary. Most of, the English commermai ffrius who adopted the electric light; .have gone back to gas. ' / : Edward Sims has been onanist at St. Michael's Church, Coventry, for seventy-four years. The "CekstialEmpire'' says that the King of Siain haa 263 children. He is under thirty. The construction of the first street cable tramway ia Scotland will shortly be com menced. Engraving on wood was practised in China many centuries before it was .used or known in Europe. 41 A fiddling fool of Georgian race" is what the Dublin Irishman " calls the Duke of Edinburgh. A Bill to extend certain, pro visions of the Factory Acts to shops has just been issued in England. The assets of the life insurance companies of Great Britian amount to not less than £170,000,000. The cargoes of frozen .meat by the Potosi and Doric have been found in excellent con dition in London. The placing of two halfpenny stamps on a receipt instead of the usual penny etamp is legal in England. Wolseley's advance force hays . reached Korti, where they found supplies ample and the tribes friendly. ; In the city of Canton, China, which has a population of 1,500,000, there is not a news paper of any kind i'he bronze statue to Lieutenant Wagborn at Chatham is to show that j neglected hero in his-naval uniform. In France the Senators are now to be elected for nine years, one-third of them re tiring every third year. Daring the past year 14,702 Germans. have been sentenced for endeavouring to emigrate co avoid military service. A correspondent of The Times suggests that che law for the protection of birds shall be extended to New Guinea. An application of hot wood ashes, in the form of paste, cured a Belfast man from the effects of a centipede bite. A movement, is on foot to have an Inter national Exhibition of Industry and Art .n- Edinburgh in the summer of 1386. A man was recently fined at- Maidstone, England, for fixing a needle in a cock's como to make it stand upright at & show. In Sweden, it is said, there is a law taking away the right of suffrage from every mail wh .» has been drunk three times. A Liverpool merchant, a member of one of tbe largest firms in that city, has made off, it is said, with upwards of £50,000. urin now makes the finest church organs in Europe, and Breseia claims to have &n; organist equaling Beethoven in power. Twenty medical practitioners died in NapleB out of 139 who were engaged in attending cholera patients during the recent epidemic. Prince Bismarck has been urged to appoint permanent German officers at the islands of New Britain, New Ireland, Apia, and Tonga. A rising of the populace has taken place at Gorea, and six of the Kiog's Ministers have been murdered. The King himself has fled. The Paris " Soir," in 'criticising the English preparations for the Soudan expedi tion, is most amused of all by the officers each taking a tub to wash in. In an article on the German land -claims in Fiji, the "Standard" advocates the appointment of a mixed commission for the purpose of adjudicating on the claims in question. The handsomest soldiers in the world and the proudest are iu Germany. Whippiug the French has made them vain and self- sufficient. Over twenty designs by English and foreign sculptors have been sent in for the colossal statue of Wallace to be erected in Aberdeen. In order that he and a lady with whom he was in love might erjoy " La Sonnambula" alone, the preseht Duke of Hamilton bought up every seat in the opera-bouse at Nice on one occasion. Travelling third class Is now being very extensively practised by the English people, the first and second class carriages being little patronised. It is twenty -three years since Prince Albert died, viz., i4th December, 1861. It was on the same day of the same month, in the year 1878, six years ago, that the Princess Alice died. Tne promoters of The Channel Tunnel Bil inteud to taSe the requisite steps next month to comply wi.h the htandtng Orders Of Par Lis-' meoi, i a aider that the Lhhhel, Tunnel Bill may be introduced at an early date, i ; " 'tpe ' Paris , Figaro', says i|ut At,' a reoe$t ; occ-csri . .<»« Murium, dpi jhg4t be playing cf e elections Uom Tv agnePs operas, a gentle man in the audience suddenly became insane, hiiii. -'vc-1 rv/;4-V L r „ , -v -rDi'scurhft 4hC»bi€3e-;bfAar»B.Sji,' f B , dompkps? J:t.J TfeCJ'-eiy - b" the -'tv cu « ! - tO'U«< mouth, and cuews usf v/c,oust> to. puip;---- Y ' 'V. .''k ; a " : A singular custom prevails n , Frefice 4 taking the body of an executed cnmmal to the gate 'of "a cemetery as the ugh to be'ieve thkt: interment was to take J) sc . p.nd then transporting it to the dissecting roi m. _ . ' The permission granted to the officers of the Italian army to wear their beards whole .or. .entice has not met with much favour, loe effijers in general «eem to prefer to preserve inact the well- known Italian military types of beards. - . .Togo Barthol, a Hambnrgolerk.recently completed the longest bicycle journey on record. In ten weeks and Ave days ne covered 2,850 German miles, inqhiaing several long stretches across mountain ranges. Experiments by De Ghamp, of Paris, show that man is more sensitive to morphine . than is any other animal. .A dog can take five, and a monkey fifty times as much, in pro portion; to their respective weights j as a human being. \- The tenacity of. the. Indian memory is very great. It ia said that the Mic Mac Indians still ohant the Gregorian Masses tangbt them centuries ago by the Jesuit missionaries. The friends of the late Mr. F. J. Gladman are organising a movement to commemorate . his .name by the establishment of. a scholar- , ship or exhibition in connection with the Training Institution. M. Yictor Jullien, a. rich merchantr has just died in Paris. He has left a fortune vf upwards of 3.000,000f., two-thirds of which 1 are bequeathed to M. Paul de Cassagnao, for whom M. Julli&o; had a great affection. There are no'w only three officers alive who were present at the battle of Trafalgar ; Admiral Sir G. Sartorius, aged ninety-four ; Commander Yioary, aged ninety-three ; and Lieutenant-Colonel Fynmore, Royal Marines, aged ninety-five; In London, almost every man who pretends to be a gentleman in a certain sphere wears a single eyeglass. As a rale, he does hot . wear it in his eye, but contents himself by allowing it to dangle over his breast from a short black cord. London lias 9,500 cabs, in which 880, 0P0 passengers are' carried daily, on an average. Paris has 5,500, aod the average daily number of passengers is 50,000. ' The London oabs earn ll,000,000dol. per annum; those in Paris half as much. It ib believed in Rome that the Pope is about to issue an important encyclical against liberalism, especially in Italy, sus taining the ecclesiastical thesis that it is the. ohnroh; alone that has power to grant real and lasting liberty. A German newspaper lately printed the following advertisement z-r'1 Wanted, by a lady of quality, for adequate remuneration, a few well-behaved and reepeotajbly-dressed children to amuse a cat in delicate health, two or three hours a day." The jute trade in Dundee is so nnre- munerative that the masters have resolved to reduce wages by 5 percent. This will add still further to the widespread distress that prevails in the town, where there are thou sands of men out of work. The territory of Bnssian Siberia, whioh is one and a half times as large as the United States, has belonged to b ussia three cen turies, yet, of the 4,000,000 inhabitants, nearly one half are still Pagan. The committee of tbe Cobden Club are about to republish, for distribution, a Cobden Glub edition of Sir Thomas Braesey'e excellent boost on " Work and Wages," as a valuable contribution to the discussion of the labour and wages qaestion. In tbe Queen's Bench Division recently, the widow of a cabman recovered £300 damages from "a gentleman," who, while partially iatoxioated, picked & quarrel with the unfor tunate man and staobed him in the eye with a cane, inflicting fatal injuries. George Augustus Sala has had a journal istic career of over thirty-five years. During that time he has written 7,000 "newspaper essays.' The fact that Mr. Sala lives to boaBt of this exploit is ample proof that the luck of some men never asserts them. The inmates of a lunatic asylum at Stock holm have been taught the entire process of book-making, and they have lately written, printed, and bonnd a book which, .carious to say, is upon the subject of madness and the physchological condition of the demented. The chief of the Ojibbeway tribe of Indians (Rev. H. Palitahqiiahong Chase) has arrived in London. He -is an ordained minister of -the Church of England, and has been a missionary of the Colonial and Con- tiueutal Church Society for over twenty-one years. ' " " ' The 25th official year of the British volunteer foroe terminated recently; The. last returns were the best in tbe history of the organisation, showing 209,365 enrolled, 202,428 efficients, 17,928 proficient officers and sergeants, and 179,730 of ail ranks i present at inspection. , ( A terrible tragedy is recorded from Sohimi- berg, Bohemia, Where a brioklayer hbnrdered his two little children. His mother', on hear ing of the occurrence, committed suicide, by hangings i The murderer is missing, and it is believed he bos destroyed himself. His wife committed suicide some time ago, ;41 - A fatal accident pf a soojewhat uncommon, kind occurred at Simla, lQdia, recently. A coolie belonging to Messrs, Dyer'arbrewery, went dovm into a large rat, to clean it. ; The /beer had heeji very recently removed/and ther : yat wee full ,ol carbonic acid sgas... , ;jTjie man died almost instantly of suffocation. . The Church of England maintains on the continent of Europe two, bishops, and; inoludiog thcse of tbe Ghannel leUnds, some 300 clergymen. In a dition to these, a large though i varying inumber of clergymen nin .temporarily : employed, mostly during the summer. The American Episcopalians alo have built edifices in half a dozen cf the prominentoities. . A fine wooden oin, whioh oame off the vet: l»«l»g reoeiwa j? i om his aunt, who had it from her crayii mother,. .who received ifcifrom, «ne of th PpVepo»iters f ; wreoked in tbe eaid vesaPi U8 10th- D?c;mber,; 1679. The article is u beautiful preservation. 10 Information : has ..been received from th Director- General of tHri Egyptian Post 0ffi to tbe effect thatfraou«y orders mny lis mi? in England on Dongola and Wady Halfl (Gpper Egypt) under the same coudition8 a, those on other places in , Egy pt. The daily consumption of water is eon siderably less in London, Paris, and Berlin than iumstrf the principal cities in theUnited States. In London the daily consumption of water per inhabitant is 29aal . in Paris it is less, while Berlin uses but 2(W per haad. . Detroit. Miohigan, uses five times as much as Berlin, while in Chicago and Washington the consumption per inhabitant is 119gal. and 155Tat. respectively. The success of the 100-ton gun at Spezzia in smashing the armour-plates supplied bv Krupp is likely to lead to the placing of new Italian orders for emponnd armour-plates with the Sheffield plate-makers. R i8 a trite observation that aotbing can happen of any importance in any part of the world withnat bringing bread to or taking bread from the month of the British working-man. 