WJTÀT THE}' THINK OF US IN ENGLAND. TJNBKE this heading the Courier contains excerpts from a private letter from London ( among which are the fallowing : , " Mr. Hornmant'e position is not a pleasant one. He is the representative of the worst ' proceedings of the Ministry, for of all their acts the treatment of Mr. Thomas Archer was the least excusable. He was universally re \- carded as an upright and popular man, while Mr. Hemmant waa only known on account of his charges against your late Premier. To everybody here the placing Hemmant in Archer's place was so preposterously unfair that the Acting Agent-General was viewed with suspicion and distrust. It will bo diffi- cult-for tho Government to retrace that false step, for no one thinks they will have the wisdom to reinstate Archer.-I sincerely trust . that tho forthcoming Australian loans will bo a success, especially that of Queensland. So far as tho money market is concerned every- thing is favourable. So far as finance is con corned, your new Government has liad wonderful luck. This time lost year Queens- land had not the ghost of a chance of floating a big loan, Now any colony can place ono. ".The more I go among people hero tho more do I find what a profound impression the election of your Speaker has made. Often now I hear' disagreeable allusions to Queens- land as the "convict colony," where old exiles are so numerous that they arc deemed worthy of situations of honour in Parliament and elsewhere. I don't think anything ever done by an Australian Ministry so damaged the colony in the eyes of the English people as that unfortunate appointment of your Speaker. There is a feeling abroad, however, ; that it was the desperate work of an extreme party, and Mr. Griffith as its head had aroused the detestation of all Queenslander^ herej. I am quite sure Mr. Hemmant mast regret having accepted his appointment, for tho respect usually paid to an Agent-General is not paid to him either at the Colonial Office or anywhere else. It is stated on good authority that he considered, after his reports were received in the colony as to the condition of the office, that Mr. Archer would be allowed to resume work after his leave had expired. " Queensland is the favourite here of all the colonies. The American States of Georgia and Florida are very like Queensland in climate, and it is wonderful tho amount of good settlement thai is going on in them-I mean of farmers with capital who, from the competition in grain and meat with foreign .countries, are forced to leave England. Some of my friends are interested much in tho countries, and I often come across their emi- grants. They would all prefer coming to Queensland. America is not at all popular wiih fanning capitalists an a small scale, but they do not see their way to farming in Queensland. The change in farming in Eng- land is very noticeable in the last few years. You can travel for milos in places through grass fields which I remember to have seen all under grain. Grain, with tho American, Hussion, and Indian competition does not pay the farmer, whoBe only hope is meat. When I tell them the inevitable, quantity that must in the next few years be sent from Australia they look very hopeless." 