'iftoveUet. DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF J WANDER. . , v : . — rr — — — . CHAPTER V.— (CosimtJSD.) , My God I' murmured that wretched being, as ha got .up and wont away past the growling dog, ' surely my punishment ia too' , great I ' - . ? ? ? The ohildren both rose and stood looking after the priest's retreating'form. Neither of them had heard his despairing ejaoulation, ? but they could,' see from the unfortunate being's gestures that he wa3 in great pain of ; .some kind. ? ? . ['He must be very 111,' the gentle little .' mrl bbiiI . -? \- Is that a clergyman?' asked Daniel,' : With -a_heavy . frown over : his fine, and yet angry eyes. \- ; ' I think so. Ho is oalled Father James, Jrou know Daniel, and don't you sea hid ? dress? ' i 'I know nothing about his dress ; I never Baw- a priest before, -but I know one thing, and that is that whoever that man is he is a bad one.' ' ,..'1®^ ?ear, how ean you tell?; he was a little . rude I think, but. he looks ill, 'and sickness makes people short-tempered/ mama' .?-?'?ays.', .v..:-.' :?--!. .-?? ? They resumed their work on the grave, ... find. were_ silent for some moments, and it was Daniel who broke the .silence by the abrupt question. . j .' - ? _ ' ®ealgriation, did you ever see a picture of Dan Lyons?'; ,',9h no ' why do- you aBk that?', the .fhild asked, aB she agaip lifted'her eyes. and rested them on the boy's faee. 'Beaause-I should like to know exactly what he was lilte; f9?L:kn_ow 'something about it, 'don't you ? ve often asked ?mcfier-.to_d8gcribe him' to me,, but she only turns her face av/ay from _ mewhen I do.. 'What was he : like iResigna i tion 2 What kind of face had he 1 '. ... ; ; . Mama has told me,' was the reply in a low voice, as -the. little girl .glanced! around with a shudder; ' and I often' dream that I am looking in . his bad iace. .He wajs a tall, ?tout man, .with a fat. red face,', and great ? . eoarse, hands and .feet*: Ilo . used to drink Awfully, too, and was always bad, even before ! he killed my poor, darling papa.'' ? j:.- -- V Oi course he was,' Daniel observed de \- .wdedly,' and Dan* Lyons was big ancjl fat — . . 'Yes' ?? _ . ? . ; .???]. ' ?? .'I wonder what beoame of him; the poU'e . never got on his traok;' 'Oh no, I-hope he is dead.' ?'.I hope he is not / . I hope' I shall ae? him . * ale by inches 1 ' : v Assignation shook her head.' Daniel's face : was flushed with passion, ' his hands were ... . elenched, and his grand dark eyes seemr.d to sointillate. ., . - .» ? .. 'I? is so strange that yon should feel it so,' the girl deolared, ' Mama often remarks that it-it had been your own father .who was killed ' . you CQuld not have hated his murderer mo^e.' ? '! That is true, I could opt.' . ? Again there was (Ubiiort' BiloiiCo,. broken by. the lad;. : ' ?' 'Besignation tell me: about, a eensitive plant ; what ia it ?' . 'A sensitive plant! . Oh,' it is a plant whose leaves shrink and olose at the slightest . touch. Why, Daniel ?' - ? wa .could get one and plant it . / here, ..-replied .the boy, laying 'his hand just / over where -the, heart of ithe dead man- had ? ? onoe rested, .'.'andthen-if Dan Lyons dared to put . his foot near ithis, the leaves would tell ns.' \- 'I'm afraid they could not do that; Daniol,' . \ Besignation said with a little sigh, ' but God ? ? . will tell us, some day.' 41 Aye, child, God will tell you some day, ? but it- will be so near the nfoment when you ? ... shall soe your father's face for the first time .. ' that i the horror of the knowledge shall be ; overwhelmed for ever in the brightness of an' everlasting heaven.' : And ihttt wretched being, who had rushed ... 'way from the grave, with his hands olenohed ? And an awful-horror in his eyeB, opened the gate and went ^outsido. the fence of the en olosure. . Where was ho going? Ho'did not know himself at the moment; any where* any where away from the presence of those - ohil- ; -dcen, and the vicinity of that grave. . He sat down when he had gone a little, way down . the hillside, and bent hia white face into his \- hands ; but that did not hide fromhishidden \- eyes those staring blaok letters cn the white \- atone — Vengeance is Mine ; : I will repay; Mith the Lord.' There was the rustle, of : leaves and grass around him, and the twitter ? of birds over his head,-bdt he heard only the 'words Besignation St..Herriek-had repeated \- »? her mother's: ' As surely as God's sun -? shines in the sky, God's vengeance will over- 1 ... take Dan Lyons, the murderer.'.'- - i : - . Father James sat there for some time, and ' - then he suddenly lifted his head and looked - \- - Op at the pure, pale-bine,- sun-flooded sky ? above him. Was he. thinking of the Great First .- Cause, :. whose » dwelling our 'human i \- veneration located ? high above the clouds, i whether they , float . above the - far East i ot the far West ; the ioy North or ? . the frozen , South ? - ? Was bo : doubting the . -. possibility of . a- prayer-^reacbing the foot -of v the Great White Throne through that pelluoid ; . ether that was as brass to the -prayers of the \- nnnpentant sinner ?. Who may tell ? But \- he got np m suddenly as -he had seated him ? eelf, ana drained a little^ flask he had in his pooket ere he went on : his way with- a deter . mined -step. - . \- - He muttered.to himself as he went,' stringe , l fiwrds that bat hinted wildly at' the secret he carried. \- I will be a eoward no longer ; it is the : tmly «hanceior hope!' were some ol the words that dropped from hb pale, drawn lipa; ' I have come fll these1 miles to do it, and now j j. that I.am here . I .dread to speakr- Noneense, i : : , «he is-but a woman after all, and ii she denies i me Xwiuot be wone^tban I am.' It waa toward ^ pretty cottage at the vary 1 OdUkirM ot-.t^ iowiubip tlkftt Eii at«p« were i turned. It lay in the midst of encircling verdure,: and faoed the oroek. When one crossed the little bridge that crossed Boban Oreek'they stoo^at the gate of the cottage, on the very threshold, as it were, of the garden in front of it. - \ - This cottage was the one Mr. Pollard had built for. the widow of Colonel St. Herriok, ? and he had done all; that waa possible to giva brightness to.the homeof the poor lady whom all pitied ; but he had failed. How ia it that there is_ a something always visible1 in even the outside of a house to hint at the feelings i indulged by. thoso who inhabit it ? ' 'j Tbe garden of the cottage was neatl j kept, for Besignation and her rough friend DAniel Griffiths spent muoh of their time in it, but the very flowers were ohosen for thair sub dued tints. - There were'no flaunting colors there among the green , freshness. Perhaps the principal reason' that glaring and gaudy colors were avoided was the fact that every, thing at the cottage waa cultivated with the one idea thatat some time or other, in blossom or plant, . must, go to decorate that sacred grave of the husband and father. In no earden round Marranna vrnrn nn»n nnnVi Invslir white and yellow and pale blush roses. May and jasmine and honeysuokle, and great pale passion-flowers made beautiful the trellis work of the summer-house and drooped from the verandah. In their season tall, white Easter, lilies stood sentinel over the beds as did:that white stone in the cemetery over the . breast; of the murdered man, and the Guelder roses, big balls of oluBtering blossom, floated in si sea of green leaves near the pale blossom ing lilac. Into this garden of pale, pure flowers stepped that black-robed man with the hollow eyes that we know as. Father James.. If his heart beat hard and painfully there was no outward evidence of it as he . knooked at the door under the shadowed verandah. There was no sound to tell of life in that still house. The windows io ^front were hung with uinr. uuiuxb, udu uiuiu whd ii u aoatingoreeze blown lace to give lightness and grace to the rooms within. ' When Mrs. St. Herrick's g«eat trouble fell upon her life she.aocepted it as full and complete aa though no.sun ever shone on God's other gifts, at least, for her. When' she opened the door to that knock,' Father James's eyes rested. on a woman aB white-faded as himself, and with robes as hopelessly black. . : ' ' She was young, at least comparatively 'So, thirty-two or three years old perhaps, and she might have been beautiful once, but in. her -features there was no trace'of gentle Besigna tioa's sweet features 'or expression. -Mrs. St. Herrick's hair -was dark and her eyes grey, but nwrv frint,nrn war nnil nnM nnri bitter, for she had never forgiven Fate for the oruel blow that had strioken her life's idol from her side. If I dared to say* it I would hint thai she had never forgiven the God who had afflicted her, and yet, strange anomaly,; she had borne sweet, patient Besignation St. Herriok. . ; - ' When she stood before the man-it was with a hard : questioning face . that did not ohange until 'she grasped his errand. ' . - ' I am Father. Jnmes Brady, the new tenant ,of St. Herrick'flj and have some business with Mrs. St. Herriok.' ' : .- '!.I am she,' was the reply ; but Bho made no movement to admit him. 'I have come on an errand of suoh moment that I am sure I heed not apologise for re questing an interview. I have come' to you at the request of that unhappy man, Dan Lyons.' ' What?' . ' ' i 'It is true, madam; I have come from him.' - ; . - 'Oh, heaven 1 has. the time come at last 1 Shall' I see my darling avenged at last, at last 1' - ? '. ; . - She had seized bis arm with no gentle hand, and wag dragging the ' priest into the sitting-room' while she was speaking. ' He has been caught ? He haB given him self .up? He has confessed? He is con demned? He will-die? Come in and tell me all — all!?' He fell rather thai sat down upon a chair rear the door, and lifted his hat for a moment, only however as if to relieve himself of an in tolerable burden for one moment, -for he re placed. it inatantly. Mrs. St. Herriok had, however, seen the tonsure, and it was to her a confirmation of her dearest hopeB. \- ' Yes, you. are a prieist,' she added bxoitedly, 'you have seen the monster, and he has con fessed to you, and you'bring; me the glorious tidings.' ? It is a mistake,' the visitor replied, in a low tone, as his eyes romained riveted oh the oarpet at his; feet. ' It is. true that Dan Lyons Kes confessed to mo, but ho is far away in anothe-*fc»& is hot a priO,.?r.' 'Not a prisoner I You know oTsr orime, yet the murderer is free. . You then aro an i;accom|-lice — a villain of as deep a dye as San tho accursed himself 1 r r; - i ' I am a priest,' the man replied, in a voioe that trembled in spite of. him, ' and I received the confession of the man under the^saored. Beal of the ; confessional. I am here ; with , the words that unhappy man has put in my mouth to speak to you. Will you listen to them ? ' ' Yes, I will listen.' - ; Mrs. St.;Herrioks sat down opposite Father James with.her eyes full of the strong deter .mination that was a prominent point in her character, and her heart was beating with a -wild hope. Oh yes, Bhe would listen, and with such aoute ears that not one nine that, might trap the spiller of blood should eBoape them I 'I must tell you hia. story — tell it to you from the moment when he fled from Mar ranga.' ? ' From the moment that 'he know my poor h«sband had written, denounoing him with fingers that, were stiffening in darkness and death !. Go on I ' . ' Well,. he fled. He had means, for in the. .very instant the falling earth in the claim shut dn St. Horriok's face, he saw gold in shining pieces, in the soil around him, and secured enough to take him far away from the, scene.of hia crime, nor was .it exhausted when he oame ^ ? repentant man, to the -monastery of whose order I was a brother. : ' 'Wherewas.it ??' the widow asked, aBher breath came thick. ?- : _ 11 It does not matter. It was on the Con tinent, and Dan Lyons gave the brothers: his fold, .and became one of the: brotherhood, or years he lived an incarcerated and self denying life in that monastery, only to grow thinner and. ; whiter,. and more. bony and haggard^ with eaoh day, for he had not con fessed his orime, and his Bin lay like 'lead 'on his soul. ' At last he pluoked np courage, and he confessed—' -? ?? :?? ,*. ? '? 1 ?:???- . ' 'To you?-' interrupted Mrs. St. Her riok. 'Yes; it waa to me, and oh, the tale he told, was awful enough to soften, the hardest heart —even , yon,, against - whom his sin .was .greatest,: would . have pitied, the wretohed being, had you heard the story of liia sufler sufierings. 1 , ' II I pity Dan Lyons I' .. She actually laughed aa ehe stared in the priest's face, a: laugh that was as wild aa was a laugh within tbe oell of a maniao. ??? ' Yes you -would,' he oried angrily, and .then she noted for the first time the smoulder ing fire in his ieep-set, eyes, M yon - are not a .rook or- ? st6ne, yon are ? woman, andi yon most feel 1 ' ' - ' ' 11 Yes, I feel,' Mrs. St. Herriok exclaimed, 'leel. that : if I eonld : save Dan Xgr ons from out r it. offii leik ila^. Who are you who asks a woman to pity her husband's murderer ? ' . 'Listen yet,' the priest went on, .but both, his pallor and the fire in hia eyes were inten sified as he saw the . unforgiving passion in the widow's face, 'you know the man's sin but yon do not kuow its punishment. There is not a living being but the man who speaka to you now 'that knows what were the last words your husband spoke. Shall I toll them to you?' 'Yes, tell them.' . ' They were these: 'If you leave me here to-day, as you seo my' face now, you will see .it at this hour every night until you die your pelf, and your own death- will bo worse thon mine-^-aye a hundred times.'' . ' My husband said that ? ' ' Yes, and the curse has been fulfilled. It was after sundown when Dan Lyona left him there to die alono in the oollapsed olaim, and he did not die until after midnight.' 'How do you -know 7 .Ob; my. God, how do you know that my darling' suffered so slong_? ' ' Eecause from sunset to midnight for neorly twelve awful years Colonel St. Her rick's faoe is before .Dan Lyona' eyes. No matter where he goes, or how he hides, it ia thero, always there. Seas have been between1 him and tho dead man's grave, but that face ia dear and fresh, as though the real face had not mouldered to duat years ago. Oh, think of that wretohed man's misery and pity him now.' - ? Father 'James might have been pleading for himself so earnest, so oraving, so pleading was his trembling toneB. With hia thin white fin gers clasped aa in prayer, he bent forward, and, with great tears in his awful oyea, begged for pity on the far distant man who had blood on bis handa I ' Waa it my pity he sent you all those thou sands of miles to ask?' the widow said with a sneer. ' No, it was for your forgiveness, and]in the. 'name of that Christ .we both worship give it to him I ' ' Never ; if my own salvation was the for feit I should not' forgive Dan Lyona ! Go mdn, you are mocking me ! How dare you ask a widow to forgive the murderer of her huaband.' ' Ono moment yet, oh liaten yet. A holy man haa told that wrotdned man that the moment he receivea your forgiveness he will cease to be a haunted man — oh, for the mercy and oharity and pity ol Almighty God, forgive him ! '? . . - -j.uu aiu iuaai - ane criea, as sne rose and pointed to the door; you aro-a mad- man and I am a lone woman— go 1 I heard that yourwere ill and I am sorry for you, but I did not know you were a lunatio or I would not have admitted you. I ahall tell no one of this absurd visit, so you see I am meroiful,: though I would' not forgive a monster.' ' He rose and faced her. : 'I am not mad,' he said,: ' and. I have only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Onoe more is-your:answer no— you will not forgive as you hope for forgiveness ? ' -.'Never! Have I not said; it? l am a woman, but I could see Dan Lyona tortured, to death and rejoioe in the eyes that enabled me to see it ! ' ' . Father James looked steadily into the ex cited woman's flashing eyes, a - look that she never forgot and that punished her for her hard heart' until the light of life left her own eyes.- .... . _'' I have heard your answer, and now liaten to Dan Lyon's.words. .'If she refuses, tell her.that what she haB suffered' in the past Bhall be aa nothing to what she shall suffer in the future— that I swear before high heaven ! '' : If Dan had been swearing himaelf he could not have looked more terrible than that black robed man! Aa he lifted his thin hand up with the oath, Mrs; St. Herriok fell baok on her seat scathed by the terrible look in his ?eyes, 'and Father James*, went out alone, brushing the pale flowers of the garden 'with the skirts of his blaok coat and -wiping his feet . on the threshold as one . who leaves a curse behind him. - CHAPTER Tl. . THH ircaoKI ChMM. Let us-suppose a gap of two or three weeks between the opening of this ohapter and the close of tho last, endnote a few of the events that had occurred daring those weekf. '; In the first place shaft No.-2 , in the gully had been oleared: out, rigged with a windlaEB and other digging gear, and a- oompany of four, formed as proprietors, though but two of them were working partners. Of the four of course Tady and his master were two, and, iue;otb'r two were Charlie' Ellis, ^tKo IavSrite young trooper stationed at Marranga. and a young man namecLGeorge Clark, the son of a farmer in the vloinity of the township. In olaim No. l a great .deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do.;. For'one thing the No. 1 workings had been originally far more developed; than any other opened in the gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in oonBequenoe of the murderer's 'displacement of the props' to ef feot his purpose, fallen, in almost from the surface, so that to enable 'the mining to be resumed on the original plan, a great, deal oi olearing-out work had.to be done. While his brother Conn. and'other engaged men were.ooaupied in this work, Father J[ames had been almost entirely confined to his room, and no one'oould doubt his illness who looked into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast— a warfare that Nora never- once was aware of or noticed, that Conn, saw but did not quite understand,: but that Mrs. Brady watohed. with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. ? . . ?; . - He ; wandered around the gardens in the dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though the sight of a human face was hateful to him, and more' especially did the sight of hiB mother, aot .upon him in the strangest man ner. ; He; would shudder if hia eye met her's, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others he would meet her_ look with one so awful— so full of white, threatening anger that 'she would hasten away with ;the fear of she dared , sbarcely think what' in her hard ened heart. Inthe dead hours of nigljt, too, there were ; sometimes heard shrieks' aa f or meroy, and shouts as of triumph; and groans aa of a deathly agony, and when those of St. Herriok's heard them they were wont to cover their heads np in the bed-clothes, and wait for ailenoe in fear and trembling. ~ But: St. .Herriok's was far from another' house, and no hint of these disturbances had as yet leaked out for Noraj who was the only ignorant one of the; family,- was a heavy sleeper, and easily . terrified : by a hint at ghosts ;' so they had little trouble with her ; only Tady, her lover, . felt the troublesome effeots of the ghost ' rumour, for Nora , would not meet him after dusk for all his bribes of ribbonB and- cheap jewelry, and he w^s work, ing.so hard in the day time that he could not' snatch: many moments f to gladden his little eyes with a sight of his darling's face. 'One brilliant morning, when the sun's rays were sparkling'in the waten of Creek Boban; like a rain of diamonds; end When every leaf and -flower, seemed to have retained all -the freshness of -the sweet dew, Leonard Prosser mounted his hone and rode the short distance between the .Marranga Hotel and the rMa^ ranga Police Station.; . Hi^gstinat|Arf^| the for ' during^^^H^^^^^H elapsed since J : Leonard had ? young ? 'j1 1 ? 1 . MjuajMAiiwaje. mm1 ,n x oome a partner. in;No. 2 olaim with' Leonard Prosser. ' . Ab the young Irishman rode up to the. sta tion, Charlie Ellis led his horse out from the Btable by a side gate and brightly greeted his new friend, and if one had oalled a parade ot all the ' mounted men' in Australia,' they could not have pioked out a oleaner-Umbed, a better made, 'or a handsomer-faoed member of the corps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. . No one ever oalled Aim.' ChawleB.' You could not fancy such a thing, looking in his bright, open, boyish' faco. He was ? Charlie with every one, and, as I have said before, a favourite with every, ono also. ' My word, what a killing swell you are this morning, Charlie !' said Leonard, as ho drew his horse up* ' whoever gets your breeches up deserves a testimonial.' ' Yes, Prosser, I flatter myself they're a good fit,' said.tho young ohap as he soanned his handsome limbs, 'but as for being a swell, you must remember that it is not every one who can afferd to dress aa 'carelessly- as yourself.' ' 'Is that intended for a rap, Charlie asked Leonard with. a smile ; ' well, I believe I am rather careless, but isn't this tweed good enough for this occasion, eh?' ' You know I don't mean that, Prosser ; I mean that your appearance is always that of. a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to bo noticed at all.' , 'Oh, such apparent modesty 1 ' I thought you were above fiBhing for oompliments, Ellis? I am certain that you know as well as every body else that: there is not a handsomer young chap within miles.' ' I know I'm not bad. looking, but I envy your iflohes, and your broad shoulders. I'm suchfa little ohap, Leonard.' 'Do you oall five feet eight little ?' ' Well, yes, I do — for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six' and a halt.' ? Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's face grew, rosy ns a girl's. 'That was _a Blip at any rate, my dear fel low, and bo it is in comparison with Misa Clark's inches that you are disgusted with your own ? Now, do you know that I should muoh prefer you medium-length of limb to my own?' ' Would you really ?' ' Yes and ladies, especially tall ones,' he added, with a sly glanoe at his companion as thoy. rode away together, ' always like men of medium size beBt.' 'Hum — I, hope, it may prove bo in this instance, for to tell you the truth as a friend, Prosser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me.' ' My dear fellow, yon have my very -best wishes,' and the hands of the- two young men were olasped, ' and I think that aa she is a young lady 'of taste' thoro oan be no doubt as to. the result of your hopes.' ' But look at my position, Leonard. How oan I ask any girl brought up as she has been to become a policeman's wife? The very name is enough. If the claim, would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some chance.' , 'Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only, for your sake, Charlie. You know I oare very little for my own. I have enough for comfort, and have no craving for' anything beyond what- my income will afford me.' ? -. ' ' Lucky.fellow !' exolaimcdEllia, 'andyou have never fallen in love, yet?' 'In love? ohfifty timeal I have been-in love always ever since I oan remember until within the last few years. I think I must have used up all my allowance of what is : oalled love in my sohool days, and ap have none left for my yeara of 'disoretion.' : - 'What is oiled love?' Charlie- repeatedi ' Don't you believe in the feeling, then'?'-1'!' 'I can't from personal experience at least,' replied Leonard ; 'ioi ? the feeling that did duty for love with me was so inoonBtant that if seldom' lasted longer than until circum stances brought me in contaot with a new face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an instance if you like in my friend Tady Connor,' and the speaker-threw back his handsome head and laughed joyously. 'Is the d- — ? fool in earnest?' asked Charlie, with disgust. ' ;? In earnest ? I should think so 1 He is thinking of Nora and nuggets from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for he mutters 'me 'darlin asthore maohree Nora,' in his dreams,' and fancies he is stringing nuggets to hang round her ' bewoheful neok ' — oh yes, he is in earnest— quite I ' ... ' . v M Ridlflnlftnfl ! V nrmil tlia -vAnnn fvnAna« almost angrily, ' a man of hiB age and appear ance !' 'Be meroiful, my. dear yotmg Adonis!' returned^ Leonard with a smile that showed hiB strong 'white teetH~umiM hts'-glDSsy^ moustache; 'must one be handoome.to have a heart ? I assure you that poor Tady has one, and a warm and true one in spite'of his disproportionate shape and funny limbs.' i _ 'I don't doubt all that j but at hisyears ope might expeot sense enough to hide any ridiculous exhibitions of his folly.' . ' I'm afraid Tady does not think suffl oiently of appearances,' responded Leonard with gravity and a sly 'glance at Charlie's * cords.' ' -.: 'In one sense he does, quite enough, retorted the, young 'bobby' with some heat ; _ ' I'm sure when he donB that blue suit with the brass' buttons his aira of con soious Belf-appreoiation are siokening I and besides how can he feel anything for a trirl like that?' 6 'Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely and loveablo aa poor Tady imagines her theh? ; You know-I have never Been her.' - ; '?Nora Brady ia a lump of a girl without, I do believe, one ounoe ' of brains. I don't, believe I- ever saw in my life a oreature so unutterably stupid and animal-like as she.' ' She is no favorite then, Charlie? ' y 'Not of mine, and I detest the whole family!' Leonard looked wonderingly at his com panion. Himself of a ealm and. even temper ?nd an une*oitablo temperament, to him the strong feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellis was, :a matter of surprise. ' !;? 'I had buBinesB at St.Herriok'Boneday,' the young trooper went on, . ' and had an onnortunitv of seeincr somnthinc - ol i thhna Brady's. Mrs. Brady.. especially haB one of the worst faoes T ever saw, and if .there was any - underhand ' and hidden' law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should be inolined to look for a due to it under tho roof of St. Herriok's.' ?: ?. ? ' Talking of St. Herriok's, that; was a Bad thing about- Colonel St.' Herriok's:. murder. Now if I were a policeman I think I'should feel deeply interested in that arime, especially stationed here on the spot.' (To bo continued,') ' 