YloveKet. Tom Glanders of Squatters' Gulcli. A ST011Y Of COLORADO. TUB Stranger was drunk. There was no mistaking it. He wasjalso ugly. There was no room for a doubt of that either. Physic- . mentally, morally, he was both drunk ugly. The hilarious patrons of the •ntiula Saloon had for some hours been his increasing opulence of alcohol- ^ ooaabativeness with that interest TL .rays marked them when prospects 'it became prominent. In Squatters' ght was as full of attractiveness as •jrry festival notoriously is in a New village. The sturdy pioneer who i<L the local theatre had been known .advantage of this fact with great .fit to himself. Being aware that J -;ost energetic warriors of the sur- ' country had sworn to carve and render each other the reverse of ' al, or even useful, the first time they 'tould meet, this genial person sent each of em a complimentary ticket to his hail, o then caused to be circulated the report "it they were to be present at the Alhambra i iace—such was the resplendent title by w, ich his resort was known to local fame— upon the evening following. His losses had 1 een severe. The inhabitants of Squatters' Gulch had no fondness for dramatic art aB here interpreted. " Macbeth," " Hamlet," and " Sardanapalus," performed by six persons, had no attractions for their sordid senses. Therefore, he had lost money. But his reverses were amply set right by the stroke of managerial genius which I have here recorded. The house was packed. So were the roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible standing-room brought as high a figure as twenty dollars per square foot. The canvas top of the Alhambra Palace had been removed for the occasion, and the view was good. The warriors met. One of them requested the other, with that poetic sense of chivalry wich characterised the early mountain settler, to spit in his eye—an invitation which waB promptly accepted. The fight " that followed was always remembered in the Gulch. How the Tall Slasher of the Rappahannock dexterously removed both ears from the head of Sacramento John, and was himself most elaborately lacerated in return, are matters of history. The town went half mad with admiration, and what was left of the two accomplished young gentlemen involved in thiB little entertainment was for years regarded almost with reverence. It may be supposed, therefore, that the movements ef the Stranger, upon the night of which I write, were viewed with something more than common interest. One by one the leading citizens had dropped into the Tarantula Saloon during the evening, until the tables were all well surrounded, and the bar was lined with watchful observers. " Who's the stranger," inquired Tom Cathcart, in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to Judge Gashwilder. " Dunno," briefly responded that judicial luminary, throwing his hand down in a disgusted way; A he's on'y just arriv', and it's my legal opinion as how, if he keeps on, lie'll reach the 'end ; ;of his lariat'extremely quick." " I've half a mind," mused Mr. Cathcart, ^pleasantly, " to rise up and give him a benefit myself. I don't like no Missouri mud-eater to stand the boys up like he's doing." " Nevermind," affably rejoined Judge Gashwilder, with that air of authority which gave his opinions upon the bench great weight; "hold on a bit. Fur-lined George will be along soon, and the Btranger will have to itake water then. L?t him go on. Gimmo two cards." , " Hello 1" ejaculated Mr. Cathcart, a moment later; "the ball has begun." Everybody in the room had arisen to his feet. The tall MiBsourian, a man of angular frame and sinister visage, had at last succeeded in drawing somebody into a controversy. The citizens of Squatters'Gulch were about io be entertained. " Humph I " muttered Mr. Cathcart, it's a •d—d Bhame for him to pick a row with •Glanders. The poor chap can scarcely hold .his own head up, let alone fighting. I've a .mighty "good notion to sail in myself." " Hold on," cautioned Judge Gashwilder, xvitl* his index finger laid knowingly along his ndfa?; " Thomas Glanders is all right; he is slow but stire. Look there 1" The quarrel at the bar had been growing louder. The Stranger, inflamed with the iiery liquor he had been drinking, had selected one of the least offensive men in the settlement as the spccial object of his displeasure. This person, a Mr. Thomas Glanders, was a quiet, respectably dressed man, with a stolid 'face and a dejected manner, who was looked upon in a friendly, often a pitying, light by his companions. There had been something ead in his life—that was known to the entire population of the Gulch. What it was, na one preciselyjknew, and no one cared. But nearly everybody took an interest in him, and ' not a soul lived in the town who would not have fought for his sake at any time. The Stranger was heaping abuse on Glanders's head—abuse which he could not comprehend, and which seemed to half bewilder him. But the offensive Missourian went on, goaded to increased fury by faia own words. Still Glanders stood helplessly gazing about him, making no reply, but occasionally passing the back of his rough brown hand across his forehead. Finally, in a transport of rage, the Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. He spoke for the first time. " Put it up," he said, quietly, " or I will kill you." The Stranger laughed, and the crowd, angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glanders motioned them back. " Put it up, he repeated, firmly, " or .1 will shoot you in your tracks." The Stranger fired, and a part of Glander's hat fell to the floor. Few of the citizens of the Gulch had known or would have believed he could act with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to be a slow and easy-going person, too inoffensive to be trodden upon, and too gentle to respond with violence. But upon this occasion he belied his reputation. Quick as lightning—so quickly that only one or two in the room saw the movement—a derringer sprang from his pocket, a deep report sounded through the room, and the Stranger fell to the floor. There was silence for a moment: Then the wounded Missourian, after writhing a moment where he lay, beckoned Glanders towards him. He was no longer violent. The fumes of the drink had quite evaporated from his brain, and he realized what had happened. Glanders, whose anger had disappeared as quickly as it came, when he saw he was the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward and raised the Stranger's head to his knee. "Whisky," he said, shortly, to the barkeeper. The liquor was brought, and he poured it between the Stranger's lips. It was a dra-, matic scene. So deep, so solemn was*the coloring of the picture, that not a man in the crowd—usually a turbulent one—had as yet uttered a word. The wounded man, somewhat revived by the stimulant, motioned Glanders to lean closer, and he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in his red face now, and great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead. The Stranger whispered a few words brokenly, and then suddenly fell back, dead. Glanders lowered the man's head to the floor, and then slowly arose to his feet. The hush which had some time ago fallen upon the crowd was not yet disturbed. " Boys," said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly, " I hated to do it, but it couldn't be helped. I'm sorry it was so, and I'm willin' to abide by what you say. If it was murder,string me up, and be d d quick about it." A murmur that arose almost to a shout ran through the room. Every man there endorsed his course. Glanders began to move slowly toward the door. He paused once, 4rew his hat down over his eyes, buttoned his coat tightly about his throat, and thrust his hands into his pockets with an air that i&dicated; a purpose. " Poor things 1" he muttered, as he strode into the night. "They're orphans now, and I made 'em so I " * * * * * Drawn back some paces from the roadway, close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from the sturdy settlement of Squatters' Gulch, was one of those huge, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days of pioneer-: ing, were known as prairie schooners. Near by, dimly seen through the darkness, were two lean, unhappy-looking horses, browsing in a helpless way upon the scant ^herbage which the place afforded. At the foot of the tree a heap of smouldering embers showed that there had been a small fire earlier in the night. This was the scene into which Glanders peered half an hour after the tragic occurrence I have just described. For a long time he sat, thoughtfully and silently, upon the pole of the waggon. So far as any sign of his was concerned he might have been asleep. Possibly he was going over the events of the evening. Perhaps he was framing a scheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he came out of his reverie, and arose to his feet. Thomas Glanders was a methodical man. For years he had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that any of his companions could discover, but never complaining of ill fortune or pain. Men supposed he must have money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never had difficulty in meeting his obligations. To the suffering he was always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomas Glanders could be relied upon, when charity was needed, to give as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about him. He lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, he ate at prescribed times, and he drank his four glasses of whisky every day as regularly as he breathed. His was a pure matter-of-fact life. Whatever bad luck came to him—and it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune—he accepted it without^ word of complaint. If, as was rarely the case, he had a touch of more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was never a sign of jubilation in his conduct. He rarely talked, saving when words were absolutely necessary. What he had to do he did, and he made very little fuss about it. When Glanders arose from his position upon the pole of the waggon, his first operation was to pile a few sticks of wood upon the coals. In a little while there was a blaze, w ic'i, after sputtering a moment, gave out considerable light. This illumination, or the sound of Glander's footstep about the place, apparently aroused some degree of life inside the waggon, for there was a slight movement, and then a childish voice, rather petulant in its tone, said: "The old man, I s'pose—dog-gone him." Shot up 1" responded another voice, obviously that of a lad," or you'll get another lariupin'. Ef he's full, he's sassy.". Glanders leaned against the tree, and all became quiet again. For the second time since he had arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, and, as before, hie reflections were so - absorbing that .he lost all consciousness of what was passing around him. He did not even notice that the canvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aperture thus formed. It was entirely without his knowledge that the owner of those curious eyes stole out of the waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until she spoke was he aware of her presence. "Where's the old man?" were the first words Glanders heard. They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the young face that was upturned to his. Perhaps it was the flickering of the firelight that caused the quick ehade that fell aoross his face. But it looked like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, impetuously: " Don't you hear ? What in blazes is the matter of you ? Where's the old man ? " "Down the gulch," replied Glanders, slowly and with some difficulty. " Oh," said the girl, with an odd mixture of sarcasm and curiosity. " Hp sent you up to say . he was drunk, I s'poae. Said he wouldn't be home (ill he got good and ready —didn't he? Told you to tell as to look sharp, or he'd lick both of us when he got home, I reckon—hey? " " Does he beat you, then ? " asked Glanders, with a weak attempt at evasion.. " Does he ? Now you just bet he does. Andjl've got my opinion of a-big loafer that licks a little gal like me, what can't help herself. Some day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll get put under the daisies with his boots on—you hear me ? " Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But he waa strangely attracted to the bigeyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking him in the face and ejecting her wordsjwith an energy that would have .been ludicrous under other circumstances. She was a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was curly (and light, and it fell in a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. She was poorly clad, and her brown feet had long been strangers to the cramping influence of shoes. There was a touch of great pity in Mr. Glander's eyes as he looked at this child standing there in the firelight and regarding him fixedly. "Come here," he said, after a while; " come here and talk with me. I want to aBk you [some questions." He went over and sat down again upon the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him for a];moment without moving. Clearly her first impulse was to resent his suggestion. But that design lived only for a moment, and she approached him without shyness. " I'll do it," she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who you are, but I like you, though I can't tell why. It ain't cause you're handsome—that's dead sure." Glanders paid no attention to this uncomplimentary allusion to his personal appearance. With him it was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me,". 4 he said, when the girl had settled herself on the.ground in front of him, " do you like the old "man?—are you fond of him ? " " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, " I can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too handy with the back of his fist to make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety. "But then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, " you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purtector you've got. Ugly as he was, he put all the bread in my month as ever went there, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer ! bread. But as a gen'ral thing he did the f>est .he knowed how, and Say, what are you thinking about so hard ? " Glanders was just at that moment thinking he was about the darkest criminal in the world. To save himself from possible destruction, he had killed a fellow- being—an act, I regret to say, whioh was not sufficiently infrequent in those days, and in that section, to call for any special regrets upon its own account. But Glanders reflected that in depriving the Missouri bally of his life, he had also taken away the only prop upon which this helpless child leaned for support. It was a reflection which filled him at first with dismay and self-reproach, and then with a certain definiteness of purpose. " Sia," said he, after a moment, passing his hand over her straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness that waa not without its element of magnetism; " sis, ef thar was a man—mind ye, I don't say thar it a man— but ef thar was one as come to you and says, says this man, ef so be as you two children wants a home, bein' without one, ye can come and live along of me, and though it ain't a refined and eliygant abode, bein' built aa it were in the first rude stages o' civilization— ef any man was to say this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would you answer ? " The girl looked full in his face. "Answer? Why, I'd collar the offer like chain-lightning—only," she hesitated; an instant—" only the old man never'd stand by and let me have such a good thing aB that —r.ever." " He'll never "bother ye any more, my child," said Glanders. "Doye feel very bad about it?" ' "Bad?" she echoed. " Yes. The old man has been took, as it were, to put it gently, to Abraham's boosom. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into his home is the %ne as did it." The young girl started back, and regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishment. Presently, after peering into his eyes for some little time, she said: " Then I don't believe it was lyour fault. You ain't the kind of a man to do that sort of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's a-stonishin' he hasn't ketched it afore." Glanders took a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. " Then," said he," we must be movin'." In the morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch was surprised to see a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to the door of Glanders's cabin, and, later in the day, it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of the Stranger was not a theory which occurred to many of the citizens. One of the leading explanations put farward by those who conversed upon the subject was the proposition that Glanders's supposititious wife in the States—an appendage which was attached in a,greater or less degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious localityhad forwarded her children to be cared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought or expressed upon the subject, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on the hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. The new residents had quietly domesticated themselves with that affluent confidence which is the distinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of the west, which, being cast this way and that by the changes which constantly occur in new countries, readily accustoms itself to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting before the fire, with his short clay pipe in his mouth, and the children on the floor at his feet, dreamily regarding the coals, Glanders broke the silence. " Sis," said he, " I don't want to pry into no family secrets of yourn, cos it ain't none of my business perticklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't reasonable fer me to go on always a-callin' of ye «Sisand the young chap «Bub.'" " That's so, I reckon," promptly replied the young girl. "My name's Lucy Bryton. And his'n," pointing to the boy, his'n is Robert. His t'other name ain't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother. His name is llathbun—Robert Bathbun. Hello ! What's up, Mr. Tom ? " "Nothin'," replied Glanders, whose face had suddenly become rigid. " On'y I drapped my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, youngsters. I want to think. Hold up a bit. -What became of yer mother—Bob ? " "Dead, sir. Drownded in the Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her since I was a baby." When they were gone, and for hours afterward, Glandera sat looking gloomily into the fire. " P«re gal," he muttered, after a long time. " Ef matters had come out a leetle different, that would hev bin my boy. Mine. Well, what to hinder now ? " Having by some acute mental Jproeess convinced himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. 2 f ? f The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado sun, melted slowly away into the crisp and vestal winter. Then came the budding spring, the lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks glided into months, ana the months closed into years, until Squatters' Guloh, ashamed of its rough and uncouth name of other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. There were other changes, too, in the •genial atmosphere surrounding the place. The rough and somewhat uncouth dwellings which formerly covered the steep sides of the ravine had almost entirely disappeared, and their places were filled with more sightly cottages. The business part of the town had grown commensurately with the other portions of Clarion City, and the place presented an altogether sightly appearance, cosily tucked away among the pince-clad foothills. In a tasteful cottage, far toward the outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas Glanders and the members of his family, who have heretofore been described in this veracious narrative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked here and there by the unmistakable traces of a woman's presence. Neat white curtains hung in the windows, a hammock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew over the posts by the door. One night, aa the sun was climbing down across the western sky, the verandah was occupied by two young pesple. A strong hearty young man was swinging in the hammock, while sitting beside him, idly moving the network baokward and forward, was a lithe and graceful girl. She was blushing deeply, but not hanging her head. There was, indeed, in her large blue eyes a look of open frankness, which I do not think is often found about the faces of young women when they are discussing the subject which was at that moment occupying her attention. " There is something which seems almost like sacrilege about it, Bobert," she said, with a touch of remonstrance in her voice. " I had grown to think you my brother in reality, as well as by association." " But you love me, Lucy. You have told me so." His voice was deep, and not unmusical to the ear. And it had about it, in the time of pleading, a persuasive tenderness which, I fear, more than one of the fluttering damsels of the Gulch had found it difficult to resist. But Miss Lucy was not of the common sort, and she did not heedlessly assent to the proposition advanced. " What." she asked, presently, " would lie think ? " It was apparent that the young man didnot require a more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. "He would scarcely object, Lucy. You know he loveB both of us very dearly, and his greatest happiness would be in making us happy." "True," replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. " But if—if he would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Bobert—you know we owe him a very great deal. Our home, our rescue from an existence that would have left us both more to be pitied than if we were dead, our education—all were given us by him. We can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, Bobert." The young man in the hammock was sHent for a moment. " Tell me," he said, in a little while, " why you suppose there is any danger that he will object. Miss Lucy's face assumed a deeper scarlet. " I—I—well, nothing. It is probably my imagination." "Will you ask him?" Another pause. Then in a low voice; " Yes. I will aBk him to-night, if he does not speak first. If he consents, Robert, I will do all that you have asked." " That's a dear, sweet Lucy," exclaimed Robert, springing to his feet and kissing her lips. " Wc shall be very happy." As he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's eyes followed .his retreatipg figure sadly. When he was gone she drew a long and' slightly tremulous breath, and laid her head against the post. She still sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning from his office at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not qnite the Thomas Glanders we have known heretofore. His eyes were serener now than they were of old, and his tread had not that «lement of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine - owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the benefits of solicitous female society, was rather inclined to he an ornament to his sex, although there were moments, I must relate, when he did not occupy a similar relation to the English language. " Good evenin', Lucy, he said, kindly, as he drew a chair up to her side, and seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against his knees. " I met Robert as I came up the hill. A fine boy, that, Lucy. I'm as ! proud of him as if I had been his father." A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glanders picked it up, and held it in his oym. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, that he speedily covered it up by drawing hia brown fingers about it. " It's a whiter hand," he began, slowly and reflectively, "thoughit ain't much bigger than it was when I first took it into mine, that night under the big tree. Ah, my girl, I didn't see then, and I didn't get to imagine that you would be so dear to me some day. I didn't know that ir the course of time you would get to be—what you are to me. If I had" Another pause. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. " If I had," he continued, "I should almost have been afraid to see you.'^ "Afraid?" The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. " Afraid I might some time lose you— afraid that some other love but the regard you had for clumsy, poor-spoken old Tom Glanders might some day be stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man." Mr. Glanders arose and walked to the other end of the verandah. Then he came slowly back and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon the sunny head. " Luey," he began, " child, you are more to me than I can tell—more than I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for me, but one rest after my life's struggle. And it has been a struggle, Lucy, that ain't always been easy for to get the best off. But, Lucy, I don't want to find fault nor to complain, if it has brought me you. Eh ? Why, child, you are cryin'. Deary, if I've said anything that's grieved you, don't mind me. Lucy, I'll never speak of it again as long as I live. I take it all back, Lucy, I do, so help me God!" Mr. Glanders was down by-her side, holding her hands, and trying to soothe her. In a moment she became quite calm. " You have been kind to me," she said, after a little while. " I was only a stranger's child—a stranger who would have taken your life. You took me in, and cared for me, and worked &nd; toiled for me, so that I might have comforts and be happy. You took me, a ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave me the chance to become a lady. ' You have earned my—my love, and " "Don't speak that way, Lucy. I didn't calculate to buy your heart. I didn't, Lucy, and I wouldn't take it like that." " You didn't buy it, you—you won it. Tom, I love you very, very dearly. It may not be the kind of love you expect, just yet; but, by and by, when we have grown used to each other, when we have forgotten that we were " " Father and daughter, almost," he broke in. "Are you sure, Lucy? Will you never regret this?" "Never 1" she cried, impulsively. "But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it done at once ! It—it must be without delay, or—or" She did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp, convulsive kiss upon his brown cheek —a kiss which sounded almost like a gasp— she was gone. In the gloaming upon his porch that night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a very happy mait. Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow,, and pain that could never come to him now. In the future—what ? He could not answer, though it seemed very bright. * * * * * It was quickly and quietly accomplished. Almost before the staid citizens of Clarion City were out in the streets, Mr. Glanders and his bride had walked to the little chapel down in the ravine, and back again. He had noticed that Lucy was very pale that morning, and that there were long, deep linea in her face. Clearly she had not slept. Bat Mr. Glanders attributed the faci to a weakness of the sex, and imagined that a little familiarity with the new relations woflld soon wear it away. Robert did not come home during the night—a habit which, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon among the compatriots'of his years. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer the quiet ceremony until his arrival, but Luey had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence. It was some hours after the marriage that Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up any enthusiasm in Lucy's breast regarding the various topics of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. " She's better alone for a time," he muttered, apologetically, to himself. "When I come back in half an hour she'll be as bright and cheery as ev?r." For a long time after he went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at the wall. Then she arose and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen Robert pass away. In - a few moments she became conscious that someone was near her. It was Robert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face but could not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, which spoke more plainly than words. " Yes, I know," he said, in a strained and worried fashion. "I heard it as I came up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. " I have come, Lucy," continued Robert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, " to say good-bye." " Robert I" she gasped, " do not, do not go away." " I must," he said, in a strange tone, regaining a part, of his own force as he saw a touch of weakneu in the woman he loved. " There is no otSer course. It would break my heart to stay here and see you the wife of another. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude,, my manhood. . Day by day, all that is good about me would fade and fade away, until I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must be, Lucy. Wc love each other too dearly to have it otherwise." She was sttent. " Good-bye, Lucy," he said, more quietly, taking her hand. " Good-bye," she whispered in a choking voice. For a moment he held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and. stealthily to steal away. •• Try," said Robert, struggling hard to regain his composure, " try to forgat me. You can only find happiness in that ofilivion. Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember me only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with—with only a—a brother's love. Good-bye. God bless you, little 1 sister." He turned on his heel and took a step forward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention. " What was that ? " asked Lucy, turning if possible a shade whiter. In a moment they were both under the great pine tree which stood a few paces up the side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft carpet of pineneedles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyes, a smile on his lips, and her portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child.— Leander Richardson in the Argonaut. . 