THE V.R.C. WINTER MEETING GRAND NATIONAL PROS PECTS. By " Vioilant." Habezno back to my predictions for the Grand National Meeting published last week, I need do no more to-day than reiterate the greater portion of what I wrote for last Wednesday. The number of animals left in every one of the events at the time of writing indioatee plainly .that large fields will be the order of tbe day, and the quality of the eattie engaged gives promise of excellent sport. The plaoee for THE MAIDEN HURDLE SAGE may be filled somewhat as follow s— HAZARD (Batty) .. .. 1 Insolvent .. .. .. 2 /Teb Ghost 3 and I trust my readers may again make a " winning hazard" on this oooaaion. THE MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. HOPE (Corrigan) .. ,, 1 THE GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE will, I think, be won by a horse trained in the Ballarat district, and I like the top- weight, Riapwood, best, though it will take tbe oraok ail his time to shake off Don Quixote. Proapeot has not travelled as well in the double-event bettiog during the lost day or two as Oorrigan a mount generally does (I am told that it is probable that Tommy will ride Tbe Agent ;) and, though they may come with tho nnggety little horse (Froepeot) at the last moment, I like Soobie's mount belt, and shall expeot Ringwood, Don Quixote, and The Agent to clear the last hurdle in front of the remainder of the field, and, fighting out the race up the straight amongst themselves, pass the judge in the following order : — RINGWOOD (Scobie) .. ..1 DON QUIXOTE (Mr. "W. Glasscock) 2 THE AGENT (Oorrigan) .. .,3 with Star very dangerous, if he starts. THE G.N. STEEPLECHASE ie, I think, the most open event of the dsy, as old Blaokthorn, Lizette, Fame, Katanga, Kestrel, Hone, and Chippenham are each good enough, with ordinary look, to win a big three-mile steeplechase. Last week I wrote, " Whatever horse the Bal larat division repose confidence in at the eleventh hour will atari favourite, and will very nearly win ; " and I oertalnly have an idea that they bold the key to the utuation in either Katanga, Fame, or Hope. As, bow- ever, they have not eo far made a move in favour of the last-named hone, and we have Soriptural authority to the effect that " Hope deferred msketh the heart siok," I shall not wait any longer for the stable to ehow their hand aB regards Hope, and, while still pin ning my faith to that horse for the Maiden Steeplechase, shall look to what I believe will be tbe Simon Pure of Corrigan'e — Fame — to do battle for me, in oonjanetion with what I take to be Soobie's mount — Katunga. Both Lizette and Australian Court have improved wonderfully of late, and must run well. Old Blaoktborn, who went a strong four miles on Monday, and finished with his mouth open, and a coat which wouldn't eoil a silk handkerchief, will come to the post fitter than he ever did in bis life, but I very muoh fear that when tbe last jump is olesred, the 12at. I2lb. will prevent tbe game old horse from making a winning raoe with the more lightly-weighted cattle, Lizette, Fame, Katanga, & Co. Friendless is the beat of the rank outsiders, bat I am of opinion that the best tbree in the raoe are Katunoa, Fame, and Lieexts, and the numbers may go up KATUNGA (Scobie) 1 FAME (Corrigan) .. ,» 2 LIZETTE (Batty or King) . . 3 with the plodding old grey, Cbippenbam, close up. THE SELLING HURDLE RACE should be won by HERRI ob PROSPECT, and fer THE FLAT RACE, for which a big field will faoe the etartex, I like PLAUSIBLE ob BASSANIO. 