CHILDREN'S COLUMN. "LEFT BEHIND;" OB TEN DAYS A NEWSBOY. By the Autho, of " Toby Tyler," " Mr. .Stubba's Brother, " liaising the ' Pearl,'" &c.; [From Barptfs Young People.] CHAPTER VIII. AN AUTHOR'S TRIALS. When the dinner was ended—and the members of the dramatic company made short work of it m order to bemn theii•pro fessional duties as soon as possible- Mopsey Dowd fully realized that he was about to in vite his partners to pass judgment upon him. Whether he was entitled to it or not, he had some considerable fame as an author, and for that reason he had taken upon him i self, and even eagerly, the task of preparing an original plajwr the great event no w about I toWhenPheCrose from the table he knew that every eye -was upon him, wad that each one present expected to hear him say something relative to the effort of brain and mmd he was making. He was a genius, and would be until his friends found him out, whtch occurrence would not be very far off if should say anything then, for theverygood I reason that he did not know what to say. He knew that something must Wone.and that speedily, which would bear out hiB claim to distinction, and, with a view to gaining T?bu fellers go into the theatre, 'cause I ain't quite ready yet, and I'll?0 »P,to lny room to think over one or two things. This speech was needed at the moment, for his partners were beginning to suspect that Mopsey was not all he claimed to be, because he had been so quiet as to his plav, but now perfect trust was restored by his words, and the proprietors of the theatre went up to their temple of art feeling every confidence in the author who was s«mggbng in the privacy of his chamber for their sue °eThe delay in the beginning of the rehearsal was just what Nelly wanted, for ^enabled her to add what she considered would be the i crowning beauty of their decorations, one had conceived the idea only that afternoon while engaged in keeping the sound .Pe&ches; at the top of the basket and the imripe ones at the bottom. , _ ... . A friend of hers, whose mother kept a tbread-and-needle emporium that was con tained in a willow basket, and displayed to the public very near her iruit- atend. was skilful in the art of making paper flowers. From time to time she.hsvd presented Nelly with specimens of her skill, until everything in the honse that could be pressed into ser rice as a vase was filled with these never fading and odourless rOBes..... . It had occurred to her that these flowers might be so arranged on the wall as to form the word "Welcome, and when she sug gested her idea to the boys, after Mousey had gone into his room, they were delighted W The'delay caused by the author enabled them to go to work upon this last and most beautiful of their decorations at once. Dickey went out for a paper of tacks, and Johnny drew on the wall, directly opposite the entrance of the hall, the outlines of the word to be filled up with the paper flowere. But there was a difference of opinion among those who were watching him as to how toe word should be spelled. •n7„ii,„„, ,, He had drawn out the letters Welkum, which Paul insisted was not right. He then spelled the word correctly, and referred the matter to Ben for a decision. Thus appealed to, as if he was an authority in such matters, Ben looked wonderfully wise, but refuBea to give any decision untu after he had written the word down on a bit of paper, that he might see which looked C°After some moments of anxiouB BnspenBe for Johnny, who had built a very frail stand to enable him to reach a point on the wall where it would be impossible for any of the audience to tear the Bowers down, Ben an nounced that neither was correct, and that the word should be spelled wellcom. It was in vain that Paul insisted. Ben was wrong. The decision had been given, and the others decided that where a matter was left to a third party for settlement, all must be satisfied with the ruling. Therefore Johnny marked out the letters as Ben had said, and after Dickey's return with the taeks the flowers were put up, forming a very gorgeous and badly spelled word. .... Before the partners had finished admiring this very beautiful ornament on the wall of their theatre a noise was heard on the stelrs, and, on looking out, Dickey announced by frantic gestures that the author was coming. It was a moment of anxious expectancy, for at last they were to know the result of their partner's labours, and they were also to learn just what they were to do on the im portant occasion. Dickey was particularly anxious, probably fearing lest his. part should not be such as would admit of his carrying a sword and shield. ... , _ Mopsey walked into the room with slow and measured step, as if he kneW the weight of the words he was abont to sm-ak, and feared lest, being too heavy, tbey might topple bim over* , • But Master flhwd was not one who did anything in a careless manner. He did hot deign to speak until he had walked the length of the room, disappeared behind the scenery, and stalked out upon the stage, holding a huge sheet of-paper in his hand as.ifitwasa I%S,''bAT>»tedSu£ttr»t. Then noticing the female portion of hm com pany. he corrected himself by saying, Fel lers an'Nelly 1-When we first made up our minds to build this theatre"— Here he waved his roll of paper around as if to point out which theatre he meant, when his atten tion was atUncted by the new ornament, liereby causing bim to forget what he was about to say. ' _ , "Who put that up?" he asked, alraoat angrily. " Idid," said Johnny; and then, anxious • to shift any responsibility of the spelling to the shoulders on which it belonged, ne added, " but Ben spelled it." " Well, fix it," commanded the disturbed author. " If any of the fellers should see that they'd think we didn't know nothin' at> all. Put it w-edouble 1-k-o-m." Johnny started to obey him, thinking witlr. delight that be had been almost right before, and Mopsey continued— " When we built this place I said I'd fix up a play myself, so's we'd be sure to have every thin' all right But business has been so good, an' I had so much trouble with my pea nut roaster—for I broke it twice, an' had to hire one offer the Italian that keeps across the street—that I thought we'd play some thin' the boys all knew, and we'd kinder lay over anythin' they'd ever seen at the same time. So I thought we'd play the whole of Shakspeare, an' tnat would give everybody a fair show." There was a look of disappointment on the faces of his hearers as he said this, and noticing it, he added quickly, " You see, we couldn't get up a whole play new, an' give all hands a chance to do figntin'; an' then, agin. Dickey wouldn't have a shield an' a sword any other way than this." ThiB last argument changed the look on Dickey's face at once, and ne was perfectly, - satisfied with any arrangement now, for he knew his ambition was to be realized. The others were careful to show no signs of ap proval until they were satisfied that they had been treated as well as Dickey had. " Of coarse," continued Mopsey, as he looked around at his andience much as if he expected to hear some of them say . that he - couldn't write a play, " the first thing we had to have was a programme, an' I've made one out, so's you'll know jest what you've got to do." Here Mopsey unfolded the paper he had carried in his hand, and displayed a bill of the play. The following is as nearly like it aB possible :— GRaTe SHoW-At Mis Gsei?s-BoBPin House THe Hole ov SBAKSpiR SATenDAy nitc, 8 in tHe e renin EicHARD 3 . Mopsev Dowd MAKBe^H .... DickeY SPRY OTHeLLeR .... SuineR JONes BAMI.eT .... PoiiyWesroN . Tile Gost .... Ben Troat A sisaeR .... NeLLY onen paice 6 cents. PreseRveD ceATs 8 cenis GraTb liMe. Mopsey waited patiently until all had read ' thiswonaerful production, and he was pleased to see that nearly all were satisfied with their parts. Ben Treat was the only one who ap peared to think be had any cause for com plaint, and he very soon made his grievanca known. " I can't play ghost," he said fretfully; " I don't know notlun' 'bout it, an' I want mora - to do." Mopsey had made up his mind as to what he should do in case of any dissatisfaction, and he said to Ben, in tones of deepest scorn— - "A great felier you are to get up a fuss ■■ before you know wnat you've got to do ! an' ' you oughter be ashamed of yourself. Why, . you've got an awful lot to do. In the first place, you've got to come an' 'most scare the life out of Polly, an' then when he runs away ' you've got to do a song an' dance and torn • three or four handsprings before you sink; right down through one of these holes,• I don't know what yon do wont if that don'ts'. - suit you, unless it iB to do the whole play.""' Ben had nothing more to say; he realized : that his was really an important part, and he was abashed by the withering sarcasm of the angry author. Then each of the others, fearing lest he ' should not have as good an opportunity for ' the display of his talents, demauded to know what be was to do. " Now I'll begin an' tell yon the whole thing," said Mopsey, as he prepared to show . how all of Shakspeare's plays could be per- • formed on one evening by a small company. . " In the first place, Nelly comes out, all dressed up, an' sings a song; then the play commences. I come out with a sword an', 1 pistols, an' tell about my hoss runnin' away, . an' after I get through Shiner comes out an ' picks a fuss with me, an' I kill him." Here the speaker was interrupted by the - gentleman who had been selected to play the part of Othello with the remark that it waa - hardly fair to dispose of him at Buch an early/ stage of the performance, more especially on ■ the first night. " But you come on agin an' dance," said 1 Mopsey, fretfully. "Why don't you wait till I get through? After I kill Shiner, Dickey comes in, an' we two have a reg'lar - fight, an' we both run away. Then Shiher jumps up, an' dances jest as long as he can, an' down comeB the curtain. In the next act Polly comes out an' talkB a lot of stuff; an" when he gets through, Ben comes up right through the floor an' scares him awfully; an' ' when he runs off, Ben does a song an' dance, . an' that ends that act. Then Nelly singa - another song, an' we all come out nghtin ; : an' when we get through, Dickey dances a clog; an' if that hain't snow enough for five ■ cents I don't know what is." In_ fact, the partners were of Mopsey'a opinion, and since they were all to appear in the last act in a grand fight, they would not - ha/e complained even though it had been necessary for them all to die in the first - scene. Even if Mopsey had not written an original play, he had covered himself with glory in this arrangement of Shakspeare's works, and if there had been any doubts as to the success . of their enterprise, they were dispelled now. Of course it was necessary to make some arrangements for costumes, and an exciting . discussion began at once, during which Mrs, Green was called npbn to see what she could do toward fitting the party out. Mopsey proposed that a further assessment of twenty-five cents be made on each of the- - company, and announced that, prosperous as < business was just then, he had-decided te - shut up shop the next day in order to give, his whole attention to the Important work -of 1 preparation. Dickey volunteered to sacrifice his business - also in order to aid him, and it was believed that With the funds just raised these two could buy and hire weapons enough to arm t the entire party. Mrs.-Green had several things which itwas thought conld be used with good effect, and 1 all hands went to .work making wooden. swords, in case there Bhonld' be any tronblo - in finding the real articles. Nelly made more tickets, , so that all who * were anxious to witness the performance might at least have, one, and Paul was given * charge of the money that had been received thus far; for all were anxious to see the - entire receipts -of that night's performance in' > one unbrokeb whole, even if it was necessary / to advance funds from each pocket in order r to make the necessary purchases. During the remamder of that evening - - Mopsey rehearsed the different members or ; company separately until he was convinced : that they could carry out their respective . parts perfectly. f To be continued.) 