FOOTBALL. NEW ZE&LAiNDERS; v. COMBINED NE\,CAST'LE TEAM. VICTORY FOR THE VISITORS. 'Tir long-lookedd-tI'orward to match between trhe New Zealand foorballers and a cornm bined local teliin, came oilff on the New .castle Cricket' Club's ground yesterday .afttrnoon. It proved, as will be seen, an easy victory for the MIaori-landers, by rtwenty-nine pblits to nil. About daylight signs of rain appeared, and up till breakftst hour a few drops fell. Liter on helasy clouds banked up, an4 'showers commeneed, the wind hauling to the soath. Subsequently the sun con .querod, and' Iright warm woeather lasted until noon; when once more the horizon .durkened, and: a renewal cf the downpour conmmnened.' Ten minutes before the adv~ertised.,time for kicking off (i p.m.) 'Jlilding rain squalls were flying'across the s?ward from.the southward, and whis pers wentthe round that postponcment was inevitable. This however, was not to be : seeing that the visitors are booked to play at Bathurst to-morrow. Exactly one and a quarter minute past 3 p.m., while the grandstand was pack:d like a sardine ·case. with beauty and mu.cle, both sexes vainly seeking to ward off the rain, arnd -outsiders,huddled like so many steorm ovcrtaken bandicoots under every available .shelter-place, the teams emerged, and took their positions. Neweastlo won tihe toeas, aud elected to play from the norlh side. It was clear to onlookers that from the jiump our boys were outweighted, and hasd an uphill two hours' work before them. The ustruggle opened with a strong defence (so much of it as could be caught is glimpse of betwtcn the squalls), and after a lit lo by. pjlay the New Zealanders forced down; fol ovlwng up speedily by a second. The local men followed silt, and J. \Woods was puton to Icicr off ; but proved unlucky, owing to the .slippery state of the ball; which was every moment wliirling throughl water-pools or greasy mud. Fred. Loothead led oil with Ir good attempt at a run in, and on the hall going up, Greaves held his own with come cureful dribbling for the Neweastilians. A tcrimmage fdllowed-the first of the day l)y which the superior weight randl centr'l ised play?of our visitors coumnenced to shew : their generalship in workingup being of s thorough drauglht.-boardfashion. "Tommy" ,Iohnson's weight and "go" shewed up 'brilliantly when called on, bat the hall found its way down to the visitors' end for a long while. Before anything decisive had oc ctrred, asecond blinding squall came up, xcuduring the sward a seetning mass of spray, water, and foam thunder growling angrily all around, and forked lightning diashing at all points of tbohe unpass, whilst the contestants flitted around like so many grey ghosts chasing a shadow. Under such circumstanceos genuine play was dll but out of thse questibn. No grip of the ball was obtainabloe. WVhon caught it slipped like an eel ; and on colliding or falling, player after playershotlilko Scotch ourling.stonesseveral yards along. the turf before bringing up to ii standstill. The Newcastle men soon after .seored their first and only touoh-down; the krickelf. being entrusted to J. \Vood, who mrade a good attempt for a goal. Following oil', Greavoes made a splendid lift, which Johnson backed up by nearly getting a :touch-down; but a New :Zealand iuun, slipping in, made a big daslh and forced down. W. Langwill sceuied the leather after a fewsorimmages, and with a brilliart run and dodging carridd it opposite the ,grandstand, but got out of bounds, Wood was next to score for the home tnam, but :the visitors again forced down five minutes Ilater, near the gorl. The N.Z. osptain wasn isoou after sent heavily'to mother earts, whoen nearly flnishiug n':snmart run iu, but. ' furthbr force down wis called. "Get into tile seorimmage better, blues," followed as thse order, ,which was well responded to; :Aespite gumrs iespousats by thie Rooalr mrn., Ford m?d Langwil and W. L?nig essayed, but the latter was cleverly floorod by _.thie laori, 'just bofdre gettingin, The nexti force down \wns made at the northOrn end, followed spudilyby another,sr'ter some good gonoe. •rallsip. 'lhe kolik mised, but following an immodiato'serlmmags; a blue skied the hall eolean dver the fances,. aind scored'first goal. 'J. \\\rqods' kicked off~ antl, after hard play, the next gobl was secdrod by a blue through .a bchanco'lril out of a seorimmage, at tivonty nr.inrttes tot p,m. T'hosNewcastble forvards at this. rilg o began .to'rimprove, woirking 'wsll thr?o thtem. Laing . al 'atgot l and uando anhb r dash, butminus roeslt,i?vohu .half-tlmoeWas called. .. Only a"rfe'w minutes' spell was allowed,, wvhen thd blues 'kicked' awiy to. ti?e southward,. and followed passing and scrintuuagitig, barren .of restilts, till the barll ' went nearly out' of"'bouids ~it thi e soutthorn end, anrd ' was' 'tho dribbled: ?db a water-hole nearr the 'Grandstand, anid blue once more forced 'downs; tlheo plyrs looking like a cage of mnd.bespattercd drlbwned rats, Seven minuutes' sorimmage ensued in mlidflold, when a hIeroenlean young visitor was run niug it In,' but was. smartly collared and floored by Laurene. Ford mnade a fine ick of sevonty or eighity yards on to the too of a ?Iaori man,. who iumnuediately shot tho ball out of bounds, and a fierce scrim mage took plhto in which a ohanoe goal reas nearly stored. lihe visitors sesured he chance of a kick, and 'l'ainroa, with his ft foot, lauded manother splrhndid goal. owoastle's first kick wsent prettily over tire oel posts,. ttlof course did not count; aild rother touchdown speedily fell to the rangsrs thl Mnonl thisl time missing kiolk. Bode and Johnson made two o collarse; one ot their oppinoutes got tg a nasty bruise on hIis brow. Another .o down a-di freo' klk olahnod by NZ., tthe try mi?scd, and the twIunty.sevonth Ssrlrnnrmage esueod, Trlaroa later on ero a big efftort to got in, but was tr ed and shot hoolb over head ; tir local im getting a free kick through off-side pl1 g, but withnot suoring. Work now e to improve, and some brilliant ritrns we made on either slide the "passing" of? he blues being beyond .pralse. Ci 'e upon lcharge took plnoos the Newtatlo boys oersh time ansewonlng ga and generally bringing the me own, A, fuither touch down and .6 ·w1 9 oetoeIta to News Zealandd, 5.'i· ~· ·i cur men following with a strong effort to the northern end, whenen they were went by a high kick from one of the backP, and inceasant scrimmaging followed, with very trying cross-field work, and constant out of.b',;nds. The demon Taiaron, later on, hadithe ball passed backwards to him, and with t/ie daerof the day rushed it through all opposition, and touched'down near the rails, after sliding seereral yards in a com plete duck-pond of rain water, amid deafen ing cheers. The kick off failed, and shortly afterwards a most interesting and well onutested match was clo= ed by time. Three cheers 'cere exohanged lustily; and a like honour having been paid to the Queen, the ground was cleared. It may not be generally known that the player Ttiaroa has had hii collar.bone fractured no fewer than throe times; The actual result was a win for the New Zealanders by five goals and three tries to nil. Two of the goals dropped from the field. 