STREAKS OF LIGHT. [By tiib Tohohbkabeii.] Tub reply to the councils application to havo tplephonio communication between the railway station and tho telegraphic oflice may bo described us a 41 jar," or, as a par ticular little friend of mine, a commission agent, expresses himself, it was a nasty, a very nasty cut. To understand tho way in which this ejaculation were given vent to, it may he described in the somewhat monotonous tones, that Hamlet's ghost is made to say *' I am thy father's ghost." Tho reply to the communication may bo con sidered moat emphatic, viz., no, no; .doubly no; thrice doubly no. Thoreforo it is not likely that the civio fathers will over make a similar reguest. There is a trite old sayiug—that ono half of the world does not know how tho other half lives. If a stranger comes into Wagga Wagga on a Saturday night and walks tho full length of Fitzmuuvice-street, ho must bo impressed that tho town is iu a highly flourishing condition. At 7 o'clock tho gas jets are turned on full. Few are seen about at that hour, but presently is noticed a few walking out lazily from the hotels, having probably just finished their ovening'a meal. Shopkeepers all look spruce and ready for business ; drapers1 assistants aro standing on the qui vive, awaiting tho arrival of their customers; the proprietor stands like a sentinel outside his door, awaiting tho pit pat footsteps of tho first servant maid who lias received her wages, and is going to spend them on something iu new season's goods. The barman ia seen polishing np his glasses, and arraugiug his tumblers and pewters, all ready for the first rush that may now bo expected every moment; anil the fruit in the greengrocers'shop windows is displayed temptingly, and its colours and hues are seen to full pcrfectiou when aided by the gas light. The street by this time is becoming lively. The first to make their appearance are the servant lassies, and after gazing into the . windows at the goods for a few minutes, aud expressing their approval or disapproval of the new fashions, arc shown inside. These have the pick, aud they will have it. Their mistresses, on the other hand, who can only get out in the middle of the week, are left the second choice. The bars begin to be crowded. The publican sends for his charm* ing little daughters to assist him in dispens ing liquor. Every shop by this time has its fair quota of patrons. All are well dressed j all seem to spend their money freely, con* i sidcriug that there is plenty more where that , came from. Poverty, distress, or want does : not seem to exist in any shape. In the shop, out on the footpath, aud in the middle of the road may be heard the words, 41 How are you." To which the attempt at the snobbish ! reply is given, 41 Oh I grand." But amidst | all this show of enjoyment and happiness i may be seen one poor creature attired in 1 black. On one arm she is carrying her ! sickly aud dying baity, and on the other she is carrying home a bundle of washing that she has just completed, and the payment for which she is looking forward to to buy some little thing for the childrens' Sunday dinner. Two helpless little mites are dragging by her side, and at intervals will cry, " Mother, do buy me some grapes. The poor woman pushes through the crowd quite heedless of the faintly-uttered request. She has no money to buy fruit with ; all she can get is required to buy them bread with. The poor children look at others feasting to their heart's con tent on the luscious fruit, which grows our doors in so great profusion. Arriving at the house to which she is to deliver her parcel, faint and weak, not only by her laborious work, but as much by fatigue and anxiety. She receives the payment for her labour, and describes the condition of her in fant to her patron. The latter, who is most likely to be a female, and who also has had somo care in rearing a family, gives a friendly advice as to what doctor she should consult, and what physic to use. The poor* woman sighs deeply and heavily as she thanks the lady of the house and retires. Soon again she is in the hum of busiuess, makes her little purchases, and returns to hev desolate home, and lays hor children down on what is named a bed. The two elder children soon fall asleep; they forget all their longings for the fruit that they saw other children enjoying iu the street. The poor mother, however, sits hour after hour in her lonely tenement. Iu her solitude she needs must think of him whose bones are now resting in the grave yard, uuconscious of the tears that are being, shed in anxiety for the future welfare of her children and the dyiug infant in her arms. The night wears on, and, amidst its gloom and quietude, she prays her God to spare the life of her little Etty. Then a few short moments of courage and determination fol low. She will brave all trouble, let como what will. Truo womanhood will tell her to fight through the world boldly against all opposition. She will vise to her feet, and with hands uplifted, will utter aloud " I will." Tijis, however, is but momentary, and as the clock ticks, and she listcus to the beatings of her own heart, she gradually gives way until she falls back into her former state. She listeus; voices are heard going along the street. It is only two or three drunken men going home, and she takes no further notice. Worn out and thoroughly fatigued, she falls into a slumber; but the cries of her little ones soon awake her, then sleep has flown. Thus days aud weeks flow on, with almost the same experience, during which time her infant becomes sick. Her neighbours say to each othor, " Have you heard that Mrs. — baby is not expected to live?" Yes, poor thing, is the reply, is'nt it a pity. Well, I don't know rejoins the first speaker, perhaps it will he better off, and enable her to got along better instead of bothering us. They forget, however, that that sickly babe is as precious to the mother as the infant belong* ing to tho most opulent member of tho community. Suddeuly the poor woman an* nounces to tho ueitjhboura thather poor baby is dead. Tho rest is easily told. By great dint of perseverance one kind-hearted person takes around a subscription list, and is enabled to get sufficient money to procuioa christian burial. The above is no maudlin imagination, but a veritable fact, instances of which occur daily in this prosperous town of ours. Writing on the above subject, what a fine opportunity there exists in Wagga for the cfttahUshmentof a Ludys' Benevolent Society, to aid and assist by their kind olfices, cases of similar distress. Of course, it can easily be understood that every town which is noted for its charity towards its poor arc imposed upon. For instance, suppose there was a hospital five or six times as large as tho pre sent institution in thia town, tnero woula bo plenty of applicants to fill it. In many cases it would make tho improvident lazy and indolent. It would create an army of loafers, who were able to work, but would decline to do so if provision was made for their comfort. However, charity will ever bo imposed upon by the bad and worthless, but this should keep us from witholding our hands from feeding and clothing tho fatherless, and causing tho u Widow's heart to sing for joy." This brings me to another matter* I heard a publican say a few days ago that lie has nearly ruined himself at times iu giving sub scriptions to every couceivable object asked for. It is, however, as well to know that if tho prestige of tho town is to bo maintained, all must assist by giving in reason; but thcro aro a fow miserable people, who are large owners of property, iu our midst who never givo a penny to anything, but who avo always anxious that public efforts should bo made to secure to Wagga Wagga an ex penditure of public money. These gentlemen should be named. John Carter, Esq., alias " JackSmashcm," was haranguing the pcoplo standing ontsido the court* house the other day as to the legal points to bo submitted to tho jury in a coso just then concluded. Fow took any notice. Ono said, 14 Go home, you old fool." Others said, "Krust or Penhall will have you," at which Jack seemed perfectly "olec trificd." An eminent lawyer, carrying his blue bag and " Addison " in his hands, heard Jack thus say: "I dou't think advantago was taken by tho couusel of tho moat pro minent points in the caso." "Who is that gentleman V* excluimcd he of legal lore, to a bystander. "Jack Smashom," was tho reply. "Then," said tho lawyer, 14Jack, olu man, come and liavo a drink." Jack did so, you bet; aud after drinking a full pint of Mr. Treacey's spccial brow at old Jim Phillips', asked for a sherry and bitters to dtink the only gentleman's health that had over come to Wagga Wagga, 