' SOCIETY FOR' THE PROMOTION \ 1 OF MORALITY. 1 A meeting of ladies and gentlemen interested in the formation of a society for the promotion of morality was held at the Alliance Rooms yesterday evening. The Right Rev. Dr. Sandford, Bishop of Tasmania, presided,'muí those present included Archdeacon Davenport, Dean Bromby, the Revs. Canon Banks-Smith, Mason, and Bailey, H. R Finnis, G. V. Archer, J. O. Wall, W. H. Bowe, O. Mace, G, Bow dillon, and L. Tarleton ; Messrs. A. Reid, T. T. Watt, G. S. Crouch. B. T Solly, H. Benjafield, etc. Apologies for non-attendance had been received from the Revs. H. Thompson, H. E. Merriman, and J. V. Buckland, and Mr. R. J, Ellis.' ? - Bishop Sandford , explained that this movement was not bound by its promoters to be one of condemnation or judgment of their neighbours. They wanted the movement to be rather one full of helpfulness, kindness, and sympathy, one that they were quite sure represented the consciousness and the conviction of each right-thinking, intelligent person in the community. We were all interested in the promotion of morality We were all injured, by the prevalence of im- morality;. It might be stated in opposition to the wish to inaugurate what was practically a non-society that there was already in existence a great society extending over the whole earth, which had morality as its primary motive and object, and he was quite sensible of the fact, if the Church of Christ were in the condition in which it was His will she should be, there would be no room or occasion for such Societies as the one those present at this meeting were met to inaugu- rate; but, while they were prevented from always working together in matters that lay very close to their hearts, and wore inter woven with their convictions and their faith, he thought it was a very happy circumstance that they were able to come out of their separation and to meet on a common platform with the conviction that they could do 'some work for God and for their follow men, in unity and sympathy with one another; and it was in order that they should have that platform provided for them that it was proposed to inaugurate this society a society that would know nothing of differences of religious opinion, nothing of sectarianism, but was intended to be broad enough to comprehend all that would give their assistance' and manifest their sympathy with the great object in view, (2 Hear, hear," and applause.) 'The Rev. J. 0. What., having read a communication he had received from the Rev. E. H. Thompson, the originator of this movement, explained the reason why it was proposed to call the Society The Society for the Promotion of Morality," instead of "The Social Purity Society the term used in England and the other colonies. He said the term " Society for the Promotion of Mor- ality" was much more comprehensive than the other was, and enabled the objects of the society to include not only questions immediately concerning what was known as "morality," but also other matters, such as temperence, which had a very wide and important bearing on the same subject. The rev. gentleman then read the proposed form of constitution, as, drawn up by the com- mittees appointed for that purpose at a meeting held at the Town Hall recently. Bishop Sandford said he thought they had been all very * uncomfortable under the consciousness that' it had been the fate of women hitherto to bear the brunt of the con- demnation that fell on the immoral. To a great extent men had escaped. He for one was not willing, if it could possibly be secured, to allow them to escape any longer. (Applause.) I They had branded the woman and excluded her from the pale of social cognizance because of immorality, while they had allowed the man to pass scot free. (Applause.) That was a disgraceful state of public feeling. (Applause.) At the same time, he thought that the man needed much more help than he received. There had been a good deal of sympathy shown with those of the other sex who had come under that con- demnation, but he was not sure that men had been so warned even in the days of their boyhood or youth as they ought to be; and he was also sure that tempts tions were allowed to abound that made it almost impossible for anyone but a strong minded and strong-hearted man to escape. That was what he thought public opinion had been so faulty in. Then, again, he thought it was a mistake and he hoped he should not startle them when he said to at first put forward exactly the religious aspect of this movement. (Hear, hear.) There were many they could reach who were not at first amenable to the religious influences that it was hoped might ultimately be brought to bear upon them successfully. The matter was one with which he had always felt doctors and teachers of physiology were more fit to deal at first. Mon should understand the laws and constitution of their own boring. (Applause.) They should understand that, even if there were no life or judgment to come, it would be the bounden duty of every man is keen himself moral, because it was the law of the well-being of his body in this life, as well as of the well-being of his soul in the next. (Applause.) It would be of great importance if more understood psychological questions more than they now did. If there were more teaching on the subject and better knowledge of it, that would be very helps me and clear away many mistakes, and help many men that now fell under temptation with their eyes shut. That was an aspect of the matter which he thought justified his having said that they need not pro trade at first the religious rave of the question. Not that he felt that the religious part of the question did not bear on the matter in its most essential and important form. His belief was that they would never really rescue souls from immorality that directed the body until they vi out very near to God the Holy Ghost, Who made the body His special tabernacle and place of dwelling (hear, hour till they understood that the body had been redeemed by Jesus Christ, in order that it might be the Labor uncle and dwelling place of God the Holy Ghost (hear, hear-and therefore that when a man turned, against his body he was sitting in the most direct and awful manner against the Holy Ghost. He also believed that there was a great deal of forgetfulness and misunderstanding with regard to the incarnation of the Son of God. He thought people forgot very much what n sanctity was conferred upon humanity when God took upon himself our very nature, when He came and tabernacle in our very body, and therefore, that when a man took a member of his body, and made it an instrument of evil he was not taking a member of his body only, but also a member of Christ, and turning it to evil. The proposed constitution rules, and objects of the society were read by Bishop Sandford, and passed seriatim. It was resolved, inter alia, that the name of the society should be " The Society for the Pro- motion of Morality in Tasmania." The objects of the society are set forth as follows :-1. To' secure the just and equitable administration of existing laws relating to morality, and to obtain such amendments thereof as may be necessary. 2, To promote the formation of a sound public opinion upon matters of morality, 3. To encourage and support every effort made for the protection of the young of both sexes from evil influences. 4. To promote the successful workings of institutions designed for the re- clamation of the fallen. Thirty-three ladies and gentlemen joined the society, and, a vote of thanks having been accorded Bishop Sanford for presiding, the meeting adjourned to a date to be hereinafter fixed by the acting committee, who were authorised to enrol more members, and make arrangements for a future meeting. 