— LECTURE ON " HAMLET." The hall of the University was fairly well filled on Thursday evening, principally by ladies, to hear a lecture on " Hamlet by the 3Etev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., the Vice- Chancellor, in connection with the University Shakspeare Society, of which 24r. Fletcher is President. There Vere present on the platform — The Chancellor of the University (the Chief Justice), who presided, Bishop Kennion, Professor Lamb, M. A., Rev. D. Baton, M.A., 3i.D., Professor Boulger, and Mr. G. J. Khirreff-Bowyear. ' ^'introducing the lecturer the CHAIBMAX Baid'it was very satisfactory to see that the enthusiasm of the members of the University Shakspeare Society waa notquenched by the weather, which wafe so very favourableto the country, although, not verV pleasant for going out In. They all had a very, vivid recollection of the lecture which Professor Uonlger gave Bome months ago, .and they •sfouEi all agree that it required a very able find very courageous lecturer to follow him. 3t was a matter ol satisfaction, however, Jthat they had both in the Vice-Chancellor of the University, who waa going to present them «rith astudy of the character of Hamlet—A character which was as substantial and as 6 ealand as vivid as any personage in hiatoiy, tend probably aa auv of their friends whom *hey were in the habit of meeting from day to VLajr, bnt, nevertheless, a character about ftvhich there.'had beev'more controversy,tiiah any'other creation of Shakspeare, He supk&sed; it was too much to expect that Mr. •ftetoher would «et all these controversies at net .The Vice-Chancellor was, however, to 0>e congratulated on having gone away from teome aspects of modern thought, which he tad been treating in a very ablemanaer, into fhe very much pleasanter field of literature; and he was qoite'jBhre that he would give them; that evening what would assist them much in their understanding of the jDMgfcei^itece of their greatest national THE VICK-CHANCELLOR then proceeded to deliver bis. Iectnra. observing that Sfciak- Bpeare's "Hamlet'' was the profoundest bad: the most difficult, and therefore the YnoBf-fascinating drama in • all'literature. SOhe common ^opinion touching the character of Hamlet was that he was a brave, educated, gentlemanly Prince—a man with a Xaelancholy and thoughtful cast of mind, Jivhich had been intensified by a liberal education -j'a man who, had he been born in the aciddle ranks • of -society a few- centuries later, would have 1 shone in thepebceftil regions of scholarship, but whose mMortune was fchat hewasioma Prince in a wild and asmifcarbaroua Gourt. and in the midstof political Circnmstances^which showed the times to be Badly . V out of joint," Upon this man there ^ras; laid by supernatural interposition a burden of dubious duty which was too heavy for him to bear. He was cursed with a habit of too; much thinking, begetting in him a tendency to • procrastination. He no sooner Baw-the way to action open to him than he Began to bp&cv;&ute; on his motives and reasons JEor--carrying iout his purpose,' and while brooding over' the event be let the opportunity slip, His weighty responsibility had the aspect of partially unhinging his mind andidriving liim to simulate a.madness to which he was almost driven in reality. He Bladned,«ad- then failed to translate into needs what had influenced hie mind; He Babriflced everything to this fatal irresolution, And finally fell-a victim to . a ford: ploVnot, liojrever, before 'be had accomplished -bis task, which he did after all by a eud.den im- Jjulse. If this view of Hamlet's character Rveoe -correct, Shakspeare with consummate genius bad sketched for us apicture of aman whoeemisforttme it was to be unable to fight Jfche battle of life, not from lack of ability or courage, but from being unable to make np iiis mind to do at oaoe what he felt he ought •toi-Jdo, - and - most do sooner or later. To ..bis own mind this view of liamlet's character was not satisfactory. It did not seem to be borne out in the circumstances in which he was placed. He /was no coward by nature. He could dare Bnd do great deeds. A rude public like that of' ancient Denmark was not likely to esteem a dreamer, yet we heard of "the great love the general bare him." He was no recluse, but" the observed of all. observers." jEe was a-soldier even more titan he was a Scholar. He dicj. pot seem to know what fear meant. Even in £he presence of the Ghost he showed no sign of trepidation. Nowhere ni(J be presentrthe. aspect «f a man afraid to idowhat he wanted to do. Something else beside fear, something other tfti^ either trepidation or irresolution must be sought for to expuSn_ his_ frequent delays, bis unwilling procrastination, and the. lecturer thought we inight find the .key to what we Bought partly In Uamlethimaelf, and partly in hiajBurround- Sng8. Ii Samlet were really niad—that Was, •o twhinged in bis mind that he was Only to A linjitea extent responsible for his words and .^actions -after the terrible interview •with his father's spirit — then we might at trace -give up nice distinctions as to' his •' motives and ' his . character. •Bol he lor one agreed with those who did not think Shakspeare ever intended us to Jthmk of Hamlet as really mad, He had the ereater number of medical experts against l liim in this opinion, but that only proved the cleverness ofHamletfs acting and the skill of the author of the play if other circumstances •wehttoshow that this madness Was'feigned. In spite of the penetrating force of the arguments of Dr. Connolly in hia "Study of Hamlet" (1863), and of Dr. Kellogg in bis book, Shakspeare's Delineations of insanity, Imbecility, and Suicide" (New York, 1866), and mapy others, he still felt that we missed all H the. meaning of this play if we took it as nothing more than the recordof the freaks of w a c|ever man gone mad. The strongest areaanent, and one which to him was conclusive, En favour of the ordinary view of this question waa that afforded by a comparison of the earlier and later forms of "Hamlet." This Jtlay existed . in two very different editions. In -16Q2. there occurred an entry in the Stationers' -jr, by James Roberts, of a book ----- called " ~ie .Revenge of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, as it was lately acted. by the 3Uord Chamberlayne his servants." As this was Shakspeare's company of players there •was little doubt , that this was Shakspeare's tragedy. No copy of this edition was Known to exist, and whether it was ever printed was doubtful. In 1603 was printed the Shorter play in quarto, of which two copies iivere known to have survived. In 1604 the Second quarto was published, "-enlarged to almost as much again as it was." This waa substantially the " Hamlet" as we had it, though not exactly, for when the folio of 1623 was published the " Hamlet" in that volume contained some passages not in any of the quartos and omitted others. The first quarto contained 2,143 lines, the second quarto 3,719. £fo doubt we had in the shorter play the first form of the tragedy—a genuine work of the poet, though it was left uncertain in our inind whether it was not itself an altered edition of a yet elder work. The character of Hamlet in his moments of action was fully wraceived in the earlier play. It was, as Knight taid, the contemplative part of his iiatnre which elaborated in the perfect copy. In reference to Hamlet'B madness we found a marked difference in what was said of the hero. In the first it was much more emphatically stated; in the second these statements were toned down as though Shakspeare wished to remove from his auditors the impression that Hamlet was really beside himself—an impression which his words and actions might well be supposed to warrant. In the later play Ophelia, in act 2, scene L, was represented as coming in to her father and saying— Alas, my Lord, I have been so affrighted. In the earlier play she enlarged this one line into fave, and said that he was actually bereft »f his wits— O, my dear father, such a change in nature So great analteration in a Prince 1 HeLB berett of all the wealth he had • The jewel that adorned his feature most Is niched and. stolen away—his wit*a bereft him. " A^1?/ toquote Knight," in the nextseene, *vhen the King communicates his wishes to jRosencrantz and Guildenstem, he does n 0t speak of Hamlet as merely put ' from the understanding of himself," but in this first copy he says— „ . 'Our dear cousin Hamlet Hath lost the heart of all his sense.'" In lihe description which Polonius gave of Samlets madness for Ophelia's love the symptoms were made much stronger in the prigmal copy- He' straightway grew into a melancholy; From that into a fast; then into distraction : Then into a sadness; from that into a madness And so by continuance and weakness of the brain. Into the frenzy which now possesses him. Prenzv, awarding to Barton, was the worst and-the fimi stage of madness, when the aberration had beeome clamorous and continuid, and Polonius told us that he was not its &ptioW; r the P se peare did not efther in* his fi^tSch or in Jus amended copy intend his audience to believe that Hamlet was essentia^ mld^nd ta removed, therefore, the strong expressions which might encourage that belief. With this opinion of Knight the lecturer felt bound to agree, and it was strengthened by reference to the origuial story, as told in BsUeforest'a coll-ctaon of novels, from which Shakspeare Cot the materials of the plot. There we read again and again "how Hamlet counterfeited the madman to escape the tyranny of his uncle." To work out the plot of this drama yr:th a clever, thoughtful, sane mia as ite Lean, taking on madness as a cloak, was a Vistly more difficult literary performance t lan simply to draw for us a picture of the tavm?s of a demented scholar, oppressed and tormented by circumstances. Shakspeare "attempted the "mote "dlffiealf task, and that •he had succeeded all seemed to agree, except those specialists who had been deceived by i Shakspeare's marvellous success into thinkingthat the hero was actually beside himself. If Hamlet then was not mad, and if there was no evidence that he was too weak by I nature for the performance of a great task, how should we solve the enigma of his I character ? To this query there was a double I answer—one obtained from his own actions, and one from his surroundings. In the mental history of any mind some sudden unexpected event might so take possession of the chambers of the brain as to dwarf all other events in comparison, and to check all activities which did not have immediate reference thereto. For instance, let a brave commander on the eve of a battle receive news that his wife or child was at the point of death, and who would wonder if his orders 'were not always correct? If ah eloquent olitician were told as be entered the Legis- Chamber on some great night thtf nia Ective home had been invaded by treachery, he would have no heart for tnel details of an argument. Neither in the one case nor the other would we say that the Spldier was less brave in spirit or that the tongue of the .orator had permanently lost its power to' 'charm., Othello when poisoned by jealousy jdid what OtheUo in his own nature would never have done. Similarly it would seem as if something bad prepossessed Hamlet's taind whicli by its constant presence in his thoughts incapacitated him from carrying out' the purpose assigned him. If a .man •were oppressed with having a great deed to do which he was unable to accomplish he could not accuse himself of perpetually forgetting it, as Hamlet did with evident truth, jlnst^aa of being always thinking of it we found 'hini musing ; ana brooding over the possibilities of- escape from eo vile a world, and alternating with cool and keen analysis, polished criticism, and petulant wit, and when his'mind did revert to this. " great' action,". this dread command which''was supposed to haunt it and to keep it in a whirl of doubt and irresolution, it was because Hamlet was forcibly recalled to it, because pome incident startled him' to recollection ; proved to him that he had forgotten it, and he turned upon himself with surprise and indignation. Why is it this thing remains to do? Am I a coward; Do I lack gall? Is it bestial oblivion ? Or is it Some, craven scruple Of thinking too precisely on the'event ? There was in this drama a double tragedy, as.it were—the ; one outward in the events which passed before us, the ocher inward in the8ouTof Hamlet. Bach had its initial movement, each had its crisis, and each had its independent development. The two were concurrent,bnt not coincident. They were intimately related, and yet were distinct. . In the outward drama the great event, the turning point, was to be found in the command given by the Ghost to kill the King. ID the. inward drama we must seek for some other motive, for Hamlet, with his "bestial oblivion," was evidently not dominated by this command. That other event took place before the opening of this ghostly commission, and it seemed nothing .more nor less than the marriage of his mother on. the death of the late King. This event bad annoyed him, had disgusted him, had shaken his faith in everything, but especially in feminine worth. His father had been a man of such noble character, and his mother, previous to this "o'er hasty marriage," : had Beemed to him the very type of wifehood And womanhood, that to find her seduced by that man whom be describes to his mother fcs A murderer and a villain, A slave that is not the twentieth bart the type Of your precedent lord, had eo unhinged him and disturbed bis moral nature that all thought and action were tainted with the memory of the foul deed. The crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the man was antecedent to the crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the Prince. This seemed to be hinted at in the very first muttered words that Hamlet epoke in the play before he had seen the Ghost it was still more manifest In his soliloquy, also uttered before he had^ received the supernatural command, beginning— O, that this too too solid flesh wonld melt. When Hamlet was introduced to us he was not a mere scholarly knightly Prince, but one whose •philosophy had been rudely shaken by an event which had annoyed him ; whose confidence in the order of the world had been disturbed; whose chivalrous devotion to ideal womanhood had. received a terrible shock. He had been, deceived by his own mother. Everything seemed wrong in conseqnenoe. Some three months after tbis disastrous subjective crisis in the mind of the hero occurred the objective crisis of the drama. A ghost appeared, as a visitant from the unseen realms pf purgatorial .fires, and told Hamlet that the present King murdered in profound secrecy the former Kong, and that it was his duty to'.avenge that murder. Now, what course, was alone open to Hamlet unless he were in very deed a mad fool ? We heard a great deal from the critics of irresolution. SuppoBe,he had been, as the critics seemed to iave wanted him to be, " grandly.resolute," and rushed at the King with his rapier the next time they met and. pierced him to the heart What then? Hamlet would have appeared a convicted regicide and nothing —a disappointed Prince who had murdered his King, his uncle, and his stepfather, because he had been cheated out -of the throne. The late King had died as all thought a sudden but a natural death. amlet would have to say he was murdered. butHamlet's only witness was a ghost, and ho would believe him ? Others might support him in his testimony as to the actual fact of this visitant having appeared on the ramparts, but none of these witnesses heard what tie Ghost said, except that dubious and sepulchral monition to " swear." The death of the late King was a horrible murder, but only two persons had any knowledge of it, or indeed amy suspicionof it—those were Hamlet and the King himself, who did the deed. It must be Hamlet's first endeavour to get fresh proof of the deed—proof that would satisfy himself which was easy, and proof that would satisfy the world, which was more difficult There were no blood shed, no features of ordinary horror, nothing unnatural or suspicious about the deed. The old man apparently died quietly in his afternoon nap in his garden. The guilt of the deed was completely entombed, and could only be brought to light by making the King in some way or other confess it. Hamlet's great a s a a I r o t aT burden might have been a righteous revenge, but that duty had as a preliminary task the ^obtaining evidence that would justify his deed. He postponed the greater till he had done the lesser work. Remembering this we could understand 1 his whole course of procedure. With his mind fall of that revulsion winch he felt against his mother's frailty he had this fresh burden laid upon him. His philosophy had taught him the folly of attempting to succeed by noise or blustering action- He was, moreover, alone. He could tell no one of his secret except his bosom friend, Horatio. He must proceed with caution, for as soon as the King thought that he'was suspected Hamlet's life was not worth much. He hit upon the expedient of feigning madness. Under the cloak of inranity he conld do. and say things that would not be tolerated in a man who was not of an antic disposition. His mock madness waa the very best expedient he could hit upon if he were able to play so very difficult a part. That Hamlet conld act this part we all knew well, and that he succeeded in his plan was manifest when we considered the relative importance in the plot of the famous " play scene." From that moment when the King stopped the tragedy Hamlet knew he was nght, the Ghost had 'not deceived him, the King had been made to bear unwilling Witness against himself. After touching incidentally on some of the other characters in the play the lecturer concluded by commending the patient study of " Hamlet" to the members of the Society. Bishop KENNION moved a vote of thanks to the vice-Chancellor for his interesting and thought-stimulating lecture, and referred in ternw of praise to the value of the moral teachings of the great drama tist, who, little as it was remembered, had learned a great deal from the Church. Nor should they forthat when Shakspeare began writing the .Bible began to be circulated, and there was little doubt that Shakspeare studied the Bible very' carefully. In portraying the character of one who was feigning madness he would indeed have a very suggestive theme in a certain Old Testament character. Hesupposed thatthe moralplaysofShakspeare and others of his day were very much the outcome of_ the old miracle plays which teught Christian facts, but which gave way by degress to the moral teachings of Shaksifxare. This being so he could not help Junking that the moral teaching which bhatetea re brought before them would be based in a great measure on the facts that had been taught in previous plays. He sup- ]Josed it was pretty generally known that they had a practical illustration of one of the old passion plays in the performance of Punch and Judy, which really, though certainly in a somewhat comical form, represented Pontius Pilate in Judsea. This was but an illustration of how the old plays had taken hold of the minds of the people. A personal friend of his at home—Mr. George Mac Donald—a well- known Shakspearian scholar, took very much the same view of Hamlet 's character as did the lecturer. His Lordship concluded by pointing to the philosophical manner in which Shakspeare drew the veil of death over his characters, sometimes just when they were getting most difficult to understand, by which the great dramatist pourtrayed more tban he conld in any other way, although no one else would dare to use such an expedient. The'Kev. Mr. PATON seconded the motion, ' which was carried amid applause. In tendering the thanks to the lecturer the CHAIRMAN characterized the lecture as very profound, very suggestive, and very robust, and expressed the hope that Bishop Kennion would favour the Society at some future time with & lecture on some other of the plavs. The VICE - CHANCELLOR, having briefly acknowledged the compliment, Professor BOPLGEB moved a vote of thanks to the Chancellor for presiding. After speaking in eulogistic terms of the Chancellor, and especially commending his splendid Shaksperian. library, which he believed to be unique in the colonies, the Professor said he . was not quite sure that it was possible to lay down any clear view of Hamlet's character. Shakspeare seemed to have purposely meant the conception not to be too clearly marked. By comparing the two editions named by the lecturer it would seem that the great artist had purposely taken his brush and blurred the lines of his characters. In the first, quarto he represented the Queen as knowing nothing of her ' second husband's guilt; in : the second they had a deliberate alteration of conception. Possibly he meant them to be quite in the dark with regard to his conception of Hamlet's character. He considered it a mistake to. consult works of art with any malice prepense as to the author's intention. The lecturer had observed to him that afternoon that perhaps the idea grew • upon Shakspeare. and that was perhaps the fairest way to look at it. He did not deprecate for one moment the attempt to find out what the ^author's view of his character was, although he might after all have had no absolutely definite view, nor why they should not endeavour to trace the laws by which an artist had worked, although these laws might have been fulfilled,-if fulfilled they were, unconsciously to the artist himself. Therefore it was by no means futile nor absurd, but most commendable and instructive to turn their attention to the most minute and microscopic inspection of Shakspeare's plays. In seconding the motion Mr, G. J. SHIBEEFF-BOWYEAR, Secretary of the Society, defended the Society from the unfriendly criticisms of its enemies, some of whom derided its work. He observed that many persons would study Shakspeare if they could do so in the manner observed by the Society who would not do so by their own fireside, while a passage was frequently made clearer by being read aloud. During the six months the Society had been in existence several plays had been read through, and the Society now numbered over a hundred members. The motion was carried. The CHAIRMAN briefly acknowledged the vote of thanks, and the proceedings -terminated. 