CHILDREN’S COLUMN. SIR GILBERT’S CHILDREN. BY THE LATE MRS. HARRIET MILLER DAVIDSON. CHAPTER VIII. Marjie’s vision of the rose-and-white room was carried out greatly to her satisfaction, and under her own superintendence. She was very proud at this time of the way in which Sir Gilbert trusted her to prepare the old house for her mother ; it was to her a pleasant recognition of her dawning woman- hood. She went over in charge of Peter, who carried with him literally nearly a cart- load of bedding-plants, and of Betsy, one of the housemaids, who brought ineffable things in the way of dusters and scrubbing-brushes. At the Brewhouse she found the charwoman and Tony, and those four formed quite a little army under her directions, and between them they so scrubbed and polished the old place from top to bottom that it was sufficient to make “ Miss Betsy and Miss Jean” turn in their graves. Marjie herself tied on a big apron, and set herself specially to the regene- ration of the drawing-room. It was wonderful what a difference clean windows made ; and when the heavy window-hangings were taken down and light muslin curtains waved in the sea breeze instead, when a stand of flowering plants had been put in one place and artistic chairbacks and cushions scattered over the room, the transformation was com- plete, and it looked decidedly more piquant than most modern drawing-rooms, as well as bright and cheerful. The spidery- legged chairs and tables and the ancient broideries on the walls, gave the place a strange air of quaintness; and then the view ! That wide blue sunny sea just beneath the windows was tirelessly beautiful. Sir Gilbert found a clever piano-tuner, who actually, after a hard day’s work, succeeded in bringing back the old instrument, which Marjie always would call a “ spinnet,” into order. It had a curious, weak, muffled sort of tone, very sweet and plaintive, and as unlike the sound of a modern pianoforte as can be imagined. On the day when the piano-tuner had been at work, Marjie had been busily engaged with Betsy on her mother’s bedroom. The heavy moreen curtains had been taken down from the bed, and replaced by white dimity looped up with broad rose-coloured ribbon. “ At any rate, it doesn’t look like a hearse now,” she said to her handmaid ; “ though why people ever made such beds I can’t imagine. I should think six people could sleep in it quite comfortably.” Her work finished, Marjie looked round the pretty room with great satisfaction. White and rose colour everywhere ; at the window, fluttering in the breeze, on the toilet table and mantelshelf, covering all the old faded settees and armchairs. It looked just like Lady Munro’s rose garden in July. “ I know mother will like it,” she thought, as she ran down stairs to the drawing-room, to find the piano-tuner just going. He asked her to try the instrument, and she ran her fingers lightly over the stained yellow keys and expressed her astonishment and pleasure at the sweetness of the sound obtained. The man bowed and left her, and then she sat down and began to play. Twilight was beginning to fall : the windows were wide open to the south- western sky, which was still aglow with the last gold from sunset. Almost insensibly Marjie’s fingers glided into the “ Land o’ the Leal,” and her lovely voice soon filled the old room—a sound unheard by those walls for many a long year. Did the ghosts of fair maidens, dead long ago, come silently in, and listen to the voice of this other girl, now living and singing where they once lived and sang ? When she stopped the twilight had deepened, and the room was full of shadows. An eerie feeling crept over her; strange unseen presences seemed to be near her. One darker shadow at the far end of the room seemed like an aged figure, standing silent and solemn, leaning on a stick, with bent head listening. “ It is the ‘ Auld Leddy’ come to listen,” thought Marjie, with a momentary thrill of the sort of fear that is akin to pleasure. Then she laughed and shut the “ spinnet ;” she knew the “ Auld Leddy’s” sleep was too deep and sweet for her voice to break it ; and running down stairs to the kitchen regions, she hastened the movements of Peter and Betsy, so that they might be in plenty of time for the evening boat. On the other side of the Firth her father was waiting for her with the pony carriage, and the spring-cart wherein Peter had driven Betsy and the flowers in the morning was ready to convey the servants home again. The night was lovely ; not very dark, for summer nights in Scotland have never the darkness of our tropic nights, and the tender half light we call the gloaming lingers long. Presently a large yellow moon rose behind the hills, and climbed with wonderful rapidity into the sky, and a few stars shone out. Marjie was just tired enough to make it delicious to lean back luxuriantly among her cushions, and gaze up into those soft blue depths, and watch the lights and shadows so sharply defined on grand old St. Arthur’s Mount and the Crags. Sir Gilbert had been in town all day, and was perhaps a little tired too, and for a while the two drove on in dreamy silence. But Marjie and her father were never very long silent when together. Presently Sir Gilbert was repeating “ How sweet the moonlight sleeps on yonder bank,” and Marjie was saying, “ The Patines of bright gold are very golden to-night. Papa, did you ever long for a telescope—a real big one, you know, that you could see right into the moon with, as if it were a country ?” “ My longings have never taken that shape, fortunately, seeing they would be impossible of fulfilment I think most people only long for what is possible, though perhaps it may be unlikely. How I do long sometimes for a very splendid microscope, which conceivably I might be able to buy some day, though the day is a good way off, I’m afraid. But just look how plainly we can see the lion couchant to-night He looks very grand, ’ carved in ebon and ivory.’ ” St. Arthur’s Mount from some points of view does look marvellously like a gigantic lion, resting as if asleep with his head leaning on his fore paws, and to-night the resem- blance was more than usually striking in the brilliant moonlight. “ I wonder if one could ever love any other place as we love Edina, papa ? It seems to me that if I were exiled from it I would sicken and pine like those poor Swiss for their hills.” “ Our own romantic town,” answered Sir Gilbert “ Yes, we Scotch do love it with a sort of personal love that is curious. Some one says that to live in Edina is a liberal education.” “ What have you been doing all day, papa ?” “ Oh, going from printing office to publish- ing office, and then to my engravers. Some of those plates need to be watched at almost every stroke. And, by the way, I have some proofs for your album.” Marjie’s album was curiously unlike those of most young ladies. It consisted almost entirely of the proofs of scientific woodcuts, engraved by a clever wood-engraver, for her father’s books. Extraordinary looking monsters in the way of extinct fish and reptiles, and strange ferns and plants, were perhaps more curious than beautiful, but as specimens of workmanship they were very fine, and those who have seen such things know that the artist’s proof of a fine wood engraving, with its sharp lines and delicately thin paper, is a very exquisite thing. “ And what have you been doing, child ?” So she told him of the progress which Betsy and the charwoman had made under her superintendence, and how they had routed the last cobweb out of the brew- house, and of the beautifying of the drawing room, and her mother’s room. “ And papa, it is so funny and nice to see old Tony wakening up into life again. He has been helping Peter all day, really working splen- didly, and I could hear him talking away quite brightly. It is as if he had been asleep all those years, and we had come and waked him up.” “ A sort of ancient sleeping beauty,” laughed her father. “ And oh, papa, thank you so much for sending the piano man. He has really put the spinnet right.” “ It isn’t a spinnet, as I have already proved to you. But never mind, if it pleases you to call it so,” said Sir Gilbert, with calm philo- sophy. “ How does it sound ?” “ Oh, sweet, and faint, and ghostly. I played on it this evening in the twilight,” went on the girl dreamingly, “ and while I was singing all the ghosts of the people that used to live in the Brewhouse came in and listened. The auld leddy came—I almost think I saw her—and Miss Betsy and Miss Jean” — “ I daresay they did,” said Sir Gilbert, smiling at his little daughter’s visionary thoughts. “ They were very innocent ghosts, I’m sure, those good quiet women, with their simple, pathetic lives. The next time they come, get them to play a minuet for you.” “ Oh, what a good idea,” she exclaimed, starting broad awake out of her dream. Then, seeing her father laughing, she went on, “ I mean the minuet not the ghosts. I will buy some minuets immediately ; they would sound perfect on the spinnet. Though I’m not sure,” she added reflectively, “ that I ever heard one played.” When they got home they were hailed by Molly, who was standing with Gill on the steps, with “ There’s a box for you, papa,” and Gill followed up with “ A box so big,” stretching out both his small arms to their full extent. “ And you have been wondering all day what is inside it,” said Sir Gilbert, as he stooped to kiss the children. “ Fossils, pro- bably, or perhaps shells, or—there is a queer fish I expect from America.” “ This is not the American box,” said Lady Munro, who had come out to meet her hus band. “ It is only from Edina.” “ Well, let us have supper, or whatever meal is ready for us at this late hour. Then we shall all go into the library, and open the box.” Marjie and her father discussed a sub- stantial “ high tea,” dinner being over some time ago, and then Sir Gilbert went to the library, Lady Munro leaning on his arm, and all the children following in solemn proces- sion, Peter coming last of all with the box, which he deposited on the floor near Sir Gilbert’s armchair. All sorts of curious things came to this house from all parts of the world ; fossils and minerals from Russia, shells from the Mediterranean, dried plants, and curious fish, and those boxes of scientific treasure were generally opened in the chil- dren’s presence, so that they grew up with a familiarity with the wonders of science, and at the same time a profound reverence for them. But this particular box contained some- thing quite different. They all stood round while their father applied hammer and chisel to the rough deal cover. The lid was raised gently, as the nails gave way. “ This is something very precious, evidently,” said Sir Gilbert, as first a thick sheet of cotton wad- ding was displayed, and then numberless layers of silver-paper. At last a long, shining, brilliantly polished mahogany box was visible, with a silver plate screwed into the lid. Sir Gilbert by this time was as eager as the chil- dren. He lifted the box on to the table, and read the short inscription on the silver plate— “ Presented to Sir Gilbert Munro by a few of his friends.” The key was hanging by a string to one of the handles. In a moment the box was unlocked, and there, daintily cushioned on purple velvet, with rows of lenses in shining order, lay a magnificent mi- croscope, with every modern appliance that could be imagined. “ Oh, Gilbert, I am so glad !” said Lady Munro, with heartfelt delight. “ Papa, is it not strange ?” said Marjie, watching the beautiful brilliant thing, as her father lifted it tenderly out, and began to adjust it on the table. “ It was only to-night you said you wished for it.” “ He has wished for it for a long time,” said her mother. Sir Gilbert himself was too eagerly absorbed to speak ; he screwed the splendid instrument together with deft fingers, and was so entranced that nothing roused him till Molly called out “ There is something else in the case, papa !” “ Something else ? Is there ?” And then he drew from among the silver-paper a small cabinet of polished wood, with rows of dainty little drawers and brass handles. “ Objects !” he ejaculated ; and begun pulling the drawers out one by one. It was a splendid collection of preparations—insects in one drawer, fossil and modern woods and plants in others, tiny shells—all sorts of curious and beautiful things. Sir Gilbert took out one preparation, and slipped it under the lens, which he had by this time adjusted. He applied his eye to it for a minute, then drew back, and said to his wife, smiling, “ Look at that, and tell me what it is.” “ Emeralds,” said Lady Munro, when she had looked. “ Only more beautiful,” added Marjie, after she had gazed at something of a wonderful, brilliant green. “ It is a little bit of a beetle’s wing,” said Sir Gilbert, while the younger ones were looking. “ And see, look at this down from a butterfly. Do you see how each little feather has a little catch at the end, to fasten it ? And did you ever see anything more lovely than that colour ?” I am afraid to think what o’clock it was when the children went to bed that night. Somewhere about ten Lady Munro woke up to the fact that it was long past their ordinary bed-time, but their father begged for just another half-hour, and little Gill had gone comfortably to sleep, curled up in the comer of the sofa, and was carried upstairs at last, and undressed without waking him. 