SIE HBMY PABXKS. The public career of Sir Henry Parkes has closed — for the present; at any rate — in a strangely dramatic fashion ; and it is difficult to escape from the conviction that we have really seen the last of it this time. His fare well address to the electors of Tenterfield con veyed no idea of a final departure from the stage. It was simply a ruse, designed to assist in the accomplishment of an obvious purpose ; a mere pretext to cover a temporary retirement into private life, until the political horizon should brighten once again. No one believed for a moment that Sir Henry had any serious thoughts of foregoing his claim to govern the country, whenever the chance of doing bo might present itself. But the criminal prosecution for libel, which has been generously conducted at the public expense for the purpose of ' vindicating the public character of the country,' has entirely changed the aspect of affairs. It haa tranformed a dull joke into frightful earnest, — ^a wretched farce into a tragic performance, in which political justice has been meted out in a style that reminds us of the Greek dramatists and their terrible conception of Nemesis, lle tribution with ito tardy steps has overtaken him at last ; the punishment he has earned by a life of wrongdoing has fallen upon him in his old age, and his own hand has brought it down. The utfcer failure of the attempt to obtain a conviction for the alleged libel, notwithstanding all the efforts or the Crown Law officers to obtain it, can be attributed to only one cause — the moral impression created by tho evidence. It ic safe to say that no jury would convict in ouch a case, whatever the technical reasons might be in favour of a conviction. If the prosecutor's character was damned by the libel, it was doubly damned by the evidence. ' All the perfumes of Arabia' would fail to sweeten it, in tho face of such disclosures as have been made from day to day during the progress of the trials. The ground on which Sir Henry Parkes excused his suicidal folly in prosecuting Mr. Webb for libel was, that he had been charged with 'taking Dr. Ken wick into the Ministry for a consideration of £500.' The merely personal attacks upon his ' charac ter' he way prepared to smile at ; but he could not submit to the imputation of having sold a Ministerial office for a paltry loan of £500. Such a charge he considered worse than one of highway robbery. The motives which actuate men at critical moments of their lives form the greatest of all puzzles in human nature, and experience has too often shown the absurdity of suppos ing that men are actuated by really adequate reasons for their extraordinary conduct. Suicide has been committed in thousands of cases for reasons which appear ridiculous, and yet they must have been serious enough in the eyes of the wretched victims. The cause assigned by Sir Henry Parkes for his determined effort at self-destruction is ab surd on the face of it. it must have been perfectly well known to him. that the transac tion in which Dr. Ren wick was concerned had been common gossip all over the colony ever since it took place. The mere appoint ment of an utterly insignificant personage to a portfolio for which he had not the slightest conceivable qualificatioos was enough in itself to set men speculating as to tho : possible reasons for such an error of judgment; and when it became known shortly afterwards that £500 had been lent by Dr. llenwick to Sir Henry, the public did not hesitate to connect the two things 'by a natural concatenation accord ingly.' It may have been uncharitable on the part of the public, but then the public always is uncharitable in these matters. Had a similar transaction been known to take place in the case of any other Premier, Sir Henry would have been the very first man to rise in his place in Parliament for the purpose of making a virulent attack upon him. He would not have hesitated to point out the natural connection between money lent and services rendered, and to charge the offending Minister with unblush ing venality and corruption. When the late ; Mr. Charles Cowper thought fit to take Mr. Mash all Eurdekin into his Ministry as Treasurer — an office for which his qualifica tions could be found only in the size of his banking account — Mr. Henry Parkes was particularly loud and vehement iu his denunciations of the job. He lost no time in moving ' that this House feels it to be its duty at once to express its entire dis approval of Mr. Burdekin's appointment,' and jumped into office as soon as the motion was carried. But what was the essential difference between Mr. Burdekin's appoint- ; ment and that of Dr. lienwick ? Had Mr. Parkes been in a position to state that Mr. Cowper's wealthy but incapable colleague had lent him £500 almost immediately after the appointment, would he have hesitated to make use of the fact ? Such an opportunity would not have been lost upon the author of the 'Kiama Ghost,' especially at a time when he happened to be a hungry member of the Opposition. If the defendant failed to prove that Dr. Renwick was taken into the Ministry for a pe cuniary consideration, the prosecutor equally -.- failed to show that the transaction was en tirely free from suspicion. The mere juxta position of the two facts — the appointment and tho loan — constitutes suspicion in itself. It was not even pretended that Dr. Eenwick had been appointed on the '?' ground of his peculiar qualifications for the office. The appointment could not have been made in the public interest, because the public interest must necessarily suffer by the appointment of a notoriously incompetent man. At the same time, there is nothing in the shape of evidence, verbal or written, to show that the appointment was the result of a corrupt bargain, and conse quently the charge falls to the ground. As a matter of law, the jury need not have hesitated in finding a verdict of guilty against the defendant on this charge. The reason, of their disagreement must be sought in the suspicions which men of all kinds are certain to entertain about such affairs, — especially when the evidence on other charges is pain fully conclusive against the prosecutor, it is unnecessary to refer in detail to it; it is enough to know that — according to the evidence of Sir Alfred Stephen — the prosecutor's! commercial dealings when in business had been of such a character as, possibly, to bring him within the reach of the criminal lawr. That any man with such a record as this should venture to prosecute another for a libel on his 'character,' is one of the most astounding instances of pre sumption known to history. The prosecu tion was conducted by the Q-overnment, as tho Attorney- G-enoral said, to 'vindicate the public character of the country.' It is hard to see how the public character of the country can be vindicated by exposing a nei'iec of transactions which only serve to re.ile.ct discredit on it. 