OUR MELBOUANE LETTER. (FnoM rau Mie.anonSa Pat'so AotCrCY.) b May 21. o After receiving deputations from country visitors all day long 3esterday, Mr. Gillies decidedl to do a little country visiting him- 1 self, and starts to- day to decide on the spot the vexed question as to whether the , Black line shall go by Mortlake and Pens burst to Hamilton, with a branch to Koroit, as the Hamilton people desire, or whether it shall be continued vibTerang to \arrnambool, as the denizens of the latter town request. Should the second alterna tivu be chosen, the Glen Thompson and Koroit line will have to be made. Ihe struggle between Warrnambool and Iamil ton on this point will be very severe. Tihe former route is the one originally marked out for the Black line, but the country between Camperdown and Carr namabool is far more populous, and is pro. bably destined to win. Of course neither line at present has the ghost of a chance of being made at all. The outside the Ministers can do at present ie to posith the line from Camperdown to Torang as already provided, and to construct the Camper down and" Port Campbell light line. These, it is undeastood here, will merely be done out of the scanty funds at the dis posal of the Government. Erentually no doubt both Hamilton and Warrnambool will be satisfied. But the former has a line already, while Warrnambool thas none at all, and it certainly seems just a little greedy of the Hamilton agitators to erpect two lines of communication while Warr nambool bhs none. A most peculiar case is about to come before the law courts, in which a man named Casey sues Mr. Alley, P.M.. and Inspector Toohey for very heavy damages under extraordinary circumstances. Some time ago the licensee of the Union Hotel, South Melbourne. a Mr. Smith, was incar cerated for six months as a lunatic, and on his return to his business was so pressed by his creditors that he was obliged to sell the hotel and apply for a transfer to Caosey, who was the buyer. Mr. Alley granted the tran?cfr to Casey on the first application, but is alleged by the latter that the wosrd "granted" was altered in the record book to 'adjourned." However, the case was rebheard, and the application for the transfer granted. Casey paid,and Smith received the whole of the purchase money, £175, and Casey took possession. But a few hours after the money haJ been. paid, and abile the a.lier was supposed actually to have it in his pocket,Smith had to appear to a summons for debt, and be swore he had received no money whatever on account of the purchase. Inspector Toohey hereupon jumped to tile conclusion that because the man Smith had been a lunatic the new buyer was trying to cheat him, and he ordered the police to go and turn Cacey out of the hotel and replace Smoith in poseesesio. This was done, to the wonderment of Smith himself, and Casey is breathing fire and slaughter or writs and summonses, which are more dangerous of the two. You will understand that this is the plaintiffs case, and at present no one knows how matters will look when the defendants tell their version of the story, wnichs no doubt has two sides like most stoeais. One of thes nemployed at least is very busy, and that is Mr. P. Murray, the secre. tary to the workmen, who is developing into an industrious and capable newspaper coirespondent. Yesterday he published a letter informing the world that 146 of the 291 unemployed workmen were married Ien and had 376 chil Iren. He then made an appeal for money, clothes, food, boots and bedclothes, for those who were with. oat means. To-Jay hbe writes that the un employed have been very harshly treated by the Minister of Works, Mr. Alfred Deakin, sho has refused to lend them the necessary plant to enable them to under take the removal of the Kensington Hill. Mr. Murray puts the hardships from which the unemployed are undoubtedly suffering in a very :rong lighilt. Tile one thing that is quite certain is that Mr. Murray cannot himself be reckoned among the unemployed any longer. Half-a- oazen years ago and more a man named O'Neill murdered his mother at Footscray, and was sentenced to a long term of petal servitude. His friends are now peti ioaing the Governor for his re lease on the ground that he is now sane, and that he was insane at the time of the murder, and not responsible for his actions. The sentence is not, however, likely to be remitted, although, as the petitioners assert, the man certainly cannot repeat that par. ticular crime. The results of the police examinations for members of the force desirous of be aroming officers, hell on April 29, will appear in to-morrow's Gacdte. The exa miners report that the arithmetic was fairly accurate, but that results which should have been attained easily by practice, were arrived at laboriously by proportion. The spelling and punctuation were better than those of the police examined some time ago for the rank of sergeant, but there were in some instances six or soven mis takes in a short piece of dictation taken from the sixth reader. The candidates displayed considerable acquaintance with common law, but were not so well up in the important practical subject as to how to act to suppress a lottery, or how to tell whether a justice's warrant were properly drawn and valid. Thie successful candi. dates who passed with credit were Senior Constable Phillip Commins, Sergeant John Walshe, and Constable Frederick Derry. Those who simply passed were Charles Jesse,Thomas Monckton, Alfred Stinsbury, Denis Deasy, Henry Corbett, Studholme H Iodgson, Alex. ii. Gray, Robert G. Molv neaux, and Wm. P. Sullivan. Some of Sthose who thought themselves very secure I of passing with flying colours have not pulled through at all. SThe report of the liquidators of the Vic torian Woollen Association Bshws tlhat the concern has come to hopeless grief, the whole of the shareholders' money having been spent. The association is d21,000 in debt, and the best offer made was one to take over the property for the liabilities, the result of which would be that no shareholder could look for a halfpenny. Nothing has been done with regard to the offer at present. It is understood that the eonte de Piete, which was startedl two and a half years ago with a flourish of trumpets. is also in great difficulties. The institution was to ruin all the pawnbrokers by lending money at a lower interest than they charged, and to aid the impecunious borrower by that same process. But the impecunious borrower has long been forgotten, and the rate of interest raised to that charged by the rest of the fraternity. We pawnbrekers are not ruined but the bshareholders seem likely to be, they have never received a balfpeony dividen i, and a very unpalatable proposal is now made by the directors, which is to write off one eighth (8:l) of thie capital, say 2s. 6d. per .bare, even then it does not seem thlat there is any better chance of dividen Is. The uhareholiers do not like the position. and are going to hold a meeting toeday (Thursday), to grumble. Soeie trqardinqry d~iloutqre 5ti pro. 4ised. • The whole of the dvnamite whichtwar reported as being in a dangerous condition has been satisfactorily removed, and most of it has been already used up by con-um* ors. The Solicitor-General still refuses to interfere in the case of Hutchens and Noonan, who were convicted a year ago of robbery upon what is supposed now to be mistaken evidence, as two other men Cum iuings and Spoor, hlav sworn tbhat they committed the robbery for which these men were sentenced. The Chief Commis sioner of hPolice is understoeol to hold the opinion that Cummiongs and Spoor should either be tried for the robbery to which they confessed, or for perjury in makleg false affidavits, and the public appeal to agree with the Commissioner. Wheat is lower, and sales are not readily made. Prirnest wheat for shipping fetched 41d., but this price was only obtained for a few lots. Country flour for ship?.nat sold at £8 7s. ti,. to £8 10s. OJ. rhbe hlgh prices of dairy produce and vege tables has leosencd the demands. Prices are about the same as last week. Eggs, 2s. 6J. per dozen; pork, 8J.; bacon, 10d.; butter, is. 10d.; ham, Is.; turkeys to 14s. the pair; geese to 8s., and ducks to 5s. 