Mrs. Frere's Diamonds. Me. Frebe was a very rich old gentleman of somewhat parsimonious habits. His one extravagance was a love for young' women. He was an excellent example of the elderly lover; he was not satisfied unless he had a pretty youn# wife, and then he made love to the sex at large, bargaining only for youth and beauty. The first Mrs. Frere was a lovely girl, with blue blood in her veins. She was poor, and Mr. 1 rere s wealth tempted her. She brought with her as her sole dowry a splendid diamond necklace which had been preserved as an heirloom in her family. Mr. Frere was almost as proud of this as he was of his wife, and he, from time to time, added diamond ornaments, until finally she possessed one of the finest sets to be seen in any ? London drawing room. She altered strangely after her marriage ; became devoted to dress, amusement and excitement. But she was quiet and amiable with her husband, except that at first she com plained because he would not give her all she wished. But after a while she left off reproaching him. He would not give her an allowance ; he liked to play the generous and uxorious husband, and give her a dress when it took his fancy to do so. There was a dangerous light in her eyes sometimes when she submitted to him. But she did not submit. Eventually, however, she lost pa tience, and dealt him the hardest blow that lies in a woman's power. She ran away with a wild young cousin of her own whom she had loved before her marriage. He was a spendthrift, and had made away with his slender for tune, so Mr. Frere had one comfort in his uneasy situation — he felt sure his foolish tvife would discover now what poverty meant. She had gone to Paris, and those who met her thought her looking wretchedly ill ; but she always appeared very gay and drossod magni ficently. In six months she died, and left Mr. Frere free of all but her memory. The cousin went to America, and did not reappear in England for many years. It seemed he was doing well abroad. Mr. Frere had disliked the idea of getting a divorce, perhaps fearing that his bald crown and scant fringe of white hairs might raiBe a laugh in court. But now that he was so agreeably set at liberty he immediately began to pay assiduous attention to one young lady after another. The number of young ladies with whom he was associated did not arise from his own changeableness, but from their unanimous reiection of his addresses. For poor Mrs. Frere's career was not forgotten. She had been a favourite in her time, and most of her acquaint ances regarded him in the light of an old ogre, who had driven her to her ruin and death. This was very trying to, Mr. Frere, for he really doted upon youthful beauty, and he much wished to appear in the Bociety which he feared had been sneering at him, with another young and lively bride upon his arm. But his case really seemed desperate. Most ladies gave him the cold shoulder as soon as they guessed at his inten tions ; if any allowed him to proposo, it was only for the pleasure of refusing him. The poor old gentlemen got quite depressed, and knew not what to do. He began to think of travelling, and enticing some innocent young creature into wedlock who had never heard of the late Mrs. Frere and her sad end. It was September, and he was at a large country house where there were a number of morsels in the shape of young women ; he could not tear him self away from their captivations, yet he dared not propose, to any one of them, for his recent experiences had made him nervous. It was humilia ting to be rejected by some girlish creature fresh from the Bchool-room, and then meet her every day ; and he did not want to go away from the house, for the girla were not unkind to him. They teased, and pleaped, and flattered him. Only he noticed that he coul4 never bo with one of them alone, ijhey always went about with him in little companies, of three or. four. In fact, they had determined that the old would-be lady-killer should never get the chance to make love to any one of them. A new addition to the circle, a lady who had been the beauty of the season just over, seemed much amused at this little arrange ment. For her part, she said, she had no fear of Mr. Frere ; he was rich enough to be an eligible parti ; but he seemed afraid to speak to her. So he wae- ; for she was the handsomest woman he 8een f°r many a day, and experieDCe had taught him that he would fan in love with her, and that if he woul,] propose ehe would refuse him. The last day of his stay arrived, and he was very Bad. In the afternoon he deserted the men, who were out shoot ing, and went into the morning-room, where he found all the young ladies in a state of gaiety which young ladieB sometimes indulge in. They had been pulling the men to pieces in their absence, and laughing at them ; poor old Mr. Frere, whom any one of them might have had for a lover, had just had his turn. He was given to making passionate speeches whenever he could get the chance,' and some. of the girls, on comparing notes, found that he used the identical words to each. In fact, he did somewhat lack imagination. This amused the girls immensely, and they were laughing over it when he came in. They immediately began to teaBe him, and while they asked him a hundred questions all at once, he stood S'niline, flattered, and perfectly happy in their midst. Confused by the presence of so much beauty he made a speech, which most of those who heard it regarded as absolute nonsence. ' Ladies,' he said, ' I am going away to-morrow. It is dreadful to go away and leave you. I don't think I have the courage to do it, unless one of you will consent to console me 1 My wife will have the late Mrs. Frero's diamonds, and they are not to be despised. He spoke as if purely in a joke, and laughed as he said it. But his eyes looked eagerly and anxiously round the merry circle to see if any face looked thoughtful. ' I will, Mr. . Frere,' said the beauty ; diamonds suit me, and I adore them.' The others looked in amazement, and then burst into peals of laughter The idea of the beauty sacrificing her* self for a set of diamonds — she who, it was supposed, might wear a coronet if she chose ! But Lady Eose knew her own position better than any one else. She had been out several sea sous, and had no offer worth accepting, and her mother would not let her have the man she loved. A rich old man, who, as sne iuny determined, should be her slave ; a set of diamonds for her very own which were a fortune in themselves— these things were worth thinking about. The whole thing was treated as a joke by every one present. But in the evening Mr. Frere came quietly to Lady Rose and sat down by her. 'Lady Rose,' he said, ' If you are willing to hold to the bargain we made to- day, 1 will keep to my part of it.' She raised her eyes and looked coldly into his. ' If you mean it,' she said, ' so did I. As I said, diamonds suit me ; and I have none.' ' I will give you the late Mrs. Frere's on your wedding day. ' The jewel-case which contains them shall be opened by you for the first time since she hei-Belf shut it.' In due time the marriage was an nounced and the details were settled. The wedding was fixed for an early date. Lady Eose, having made her bargain, was not diffident about ful filling it. She wanted the diamonds; not only for their beauty, but be cause once they were in her hands she would be rich in her own right for the first time in her life. She was avari cious because she was unhappy and she determined that if Mr. Frere proved intolerable, and wanted to be' her inaster instead of her slave, she would like the late Mrs. Frere, run away, but she would not commit the fatal mistake of leaving the diamonds behind. At last the wedding-day came, and there was no doubt one thing — Lady Rose was the handsomest bride of the whole year. And yet she was so pale as to look like the ghost of herself. The diamonds she wore were the envy and admiration of her friends. They were magnificent ; her white neck and arms blazed with .their beauty. But before long she made a dis covery which chilled her blood, and made her face as white as that of a ghost. The diamonds were paste ! Before her flight the runaway had had the set of jewels exactly imitated by a dexterous jeweller in the Palais Royal, and none but an expert could have told the difference. It was on the proceeds of the sale of. the real stones that, after her- flight, the lady and her cousin lived luxuriously in Paris. A Fatal Kick.— Auguste Bruhel,for eight years in tho employ of Mr, Loe Damke (says the Peak Downs Telegram) was killed on DecomberJ27 under peculiar oircumstances. He went into the yard at the rear of the hotel about half-past four o'clock to assist in catota ing a horse. AogUBte took off his hat and struok tho horse which struok out with the hind feet, Auguste receiving a heavy blow on the chest. He was seen to make a step or two towards the horao, and immediately after ho was seen on thoground. Whileou theground he was trodden on, as shown by an injury over the leftsye. Another hurt was found on the top of his head. He was picked up and carried to the sadillo room. Dr Cranstone was in attendance within twenty miuutea after the accident, and after trying tho uuual methods to restore animation, hod to leave his patient for dead. Tho many who knew Auguate will rogret his untimely end nt the heela of a horse, and noni- more bo than Mr. and Mrs. immko, who bad proved bis woitb| during sight years of faithful aervioe. 