THE MIDNIGHT DIALOGUE. [Was it the Pope and bis emissaries who stuck up Lather—Who stuck him up, and why be was stuck up, and how he spent bis time when stuok up—Lather being in error on the Oatholio doctrine of the Euoharist, God, having no other theologian convenient, sends the devil to convert him—How the devil did it, coming at midnight alone—The Lutheran dootrine baaed on arguments supplied by the devil.] Pbbh&fs;, O esteemed reader, you have been yourself "bailed op" in a forest, or, in its next'of kin, The Bash; stack np as you returned home from a oountry bank after drawing a oheque for two or three thousand pounds. If so, you will perhaps be inclined to sympathise with Martin Luther when the two stalwart brigands stuck him ap in the Forest of Thuringia. He tells the story 'of the adventure himself, so that we can rely on the particulars as the real oiroumstances of the ease. On bis way back from Worms to Wittemberg, he went by the road through the Count of Manefeld'e territory to Eisleben, to see his . parents. He was born in Eisleben, and his father, Hans Luther, lived there. Oa a beautiful spring morning, a few hours after ' bidding his father good- bye, Martin Luther and his friends were driving along in the chariot lent to Luther by the Town Counoil of Wittemberg, when the two horsemen in fall armour rode out upon them in a lonely ' part of the forest, and oarried the monk off. "Now, you, 0 esteemed reader, being accus- ' tomed to bushrangers, and also to the funny ways of foreign despots, will at once jump to the conclusion that it was the Pope who car- ' ried Luther off, to drink his blood in some Bolitary oavern in the depths of the forest. Blood is such a nice and nourishing drink, that the Pope, Leo X., whom Roteoe extols for his refined taste, may have been fond of it; but, then, how did the Popo know that Luther was then and there jogging on through the Thuringia Wald. The Pope was 1500 miles off, and could not know of Luther's* movements, and therefore could'nt way-lay him, either with his own personal revolver nor by the revolvers of his own gang the Guelphs. If it wasn't the Pope then who kidnapped Martin, who was itP It was the aot of Luther's best.friend, already half a Lutheran in his religions opinions, and wholly intent on establishing Home Role in his own kingdom of Saxony. It was the act, or friendly artifice, of Fbedebxo, the Electob, who )iad patronised and defended Luther in his career ever since the monk had come to Wittemberg in 1611-12. This Duke Frederio was the dux facti. Frederio was agentleman of high culture, but not remarkable for energetio or daring character. He was, according to the testimony of the historians, a duke of weak character; and, as weak characters generally affeot the bold and enterprising, Frederio admired Luther. Frederio, in faot, like it any princes of weak oharaoter, was sagAoious, designing, subtle in his polioy, as, 'for example, JameB I. of England. Frederio of Saxony was also, as weak people very often are, extremely persevering or persistent in his plane and purposes. He was addicted to the slow but sure taotics so needful, and so often suooeesful, in the transaction of hazardous political and diplomatic • enterprises. He knew the power of the* Emperor as Emperor. Somo of the historians seem to say that Frederic might have been Emperor in succession to Maximilian I. if he only had had dash and courage equal to his ambition. He was Imperial Kegent frem the death of Maximilian until the eleotion of bis successor, young Charles I. of Spain. But Frederio had not the foroe of oharaoter requisite for the intrigues and struggle neoessary for seouring the imperial crown, and he gave way in favour of the late emperor's grandson, thereby placing Charles under obligations to him, in regard to their personal feelings and relations. Frederio had a Germfcn Home Rule policy in his head, and desired to gain the good-will of Charles, in order to smooth down impediments. Frederio j did not wish for revolutionary violence, but' for gehtle and gradual reforms. Luther was 1>y culture a revolutionist, and did not understand what moderation was, or how it could aboomplish what he supposed Frederio had at heart. Under due control Luther was an agency, a power adapted to Frederio's purposes, but hta recklessness and vehemence without a curb would defeat the Eleotor Frederic's planB. Luther had been forbidden by the Emperor, in legal form, and with the advice of the Diet, to . preaoh or rint until further orders. Yet two days after Se had left Worms he preached publioly in the churoh of a monastery whose abbot was an aSvanoed Home German Ruler. Such foolhardiness, under the ciroumstanoes, would, if unchecked, have embroiled. Frederio,with the Emperor. His speech before the Diet was sufficiently insolent and ', defiant. Frederio, therefore, took a step; whioh proves, lBt> jiow bent he was upon his Home-Rulepolior, and how sensible he was : of Luther's dangerous imprudenop. He sent L rtu$her, 'wpM that, he must eonoeal himself fropx pubUc View and be silent, or else all his ^influejip? 'as.Eleotor could not save him (Li$^)jfrom beinjf hanged, indthoWnk uW'goJsto retirementand <)i>ypiB& himself h a 'ieouuir fir^e; v ' anft' • Fr6diKp aB$otfcd two knights to carry out a scheme of safety. Frederio instrooted them to way- lay Luther near Wartbnrg, about four miles from Eisleben, and conduct him to the OLD CABTIX of Wabtbubq, where the Warden was directed to receive and entertain him during the Elector's pleasure. Some parts of the Castle bad fallen into deoay; bat two wings were still furnished in baronial style, and habitable. This forest mansion of the Old Counts of Thuringia was situated on the rocky summit of a cliff several hundred feet high like " the castled orag of Drachenfels," and was reaohed by a road winding round the side of the steep asoent to the gate of the fortress, which, in pre-gunpowder times, was considered impregnable. From the terrace in front of the castle and from the tower tops there was an extensive view over the forest, and through openings in the distant hills the eye oould range over the pasture lands and corn fields of Buchonia, beyond the forest ranges, and catch glimpBes of towns and oities forty miles away. In this old sequestered abode of the anoient counts Frederio insisted that Lather should lie hid until the friendly Duke had time to negotiate and consolidate the Home Rule party, and dally with the Pope, and avoid a collision with the Emperor and the powerful Guelph and conservative party in the Empire. .Luther's blind hatred of Italian power and of the Pope, who branded his name as a heretio—a stigma which never passed away from Luther's rankling soul — would have ruined the Eleotor Frederic's slower, but surer game, and if Luther had refused to retire Frederic would have abandoned tho red radical Augustinidu to his fate. Apartments were assigned to him in the old oastle: bedroom, library, aud diningroom were prepared. His table was supplied at the Duke's expense. He dressed like a oountry gentleman of the period. He wae Soothe Geobqb. He accompanied the Warden and his hounds in their hunting excursions. He enjoyed his forest exile as much as it was possible for an imprisoned Home Ruler to do. Strange mysterious reports of his seizure by robbers in the forest were circulated by the Duke's friends. He was chained in a brigand's cavern. He was looked np in some deep underground dungeon. He was lost to Wittemberg for ever. No one oould tell what had become of the fearless advooate of German Home Rule, the Pope. Hah! had that foreign despot entrapped him P Saxony ought to see about it. Search should be made. The poor, dear, harmless " preaoher," who had burned the foreign tyrant's Bull! They ought to oall the Pope to account, and learn from him at least what he b?d done with Doctor Martin's dead body. Oh,' how wise is gossip when it' lets voluble tongue run ! There was, however, one grimly smiling friar, who suggested that perhaps, after all, it was the d 1 who knew best where Martin was. The worthy friar didn't say devil full and plump. He only said "the d.'l;" and if he meant the "great Enemy" in full, the good friar was much nearer the truth than you think, 0 esteemed reader, as you will find if you travel far enough with me. Martin wasn't ohained in a cave, nor his skeleton mouldering in a tangled sorub. He was reading and writing, and often out huntiDg in the forest; and he enjoyed his baronial life, as he tells us, and was awakened in the funny morn ings by the birds singing at his windows ; and one day when out with the huntsmen sotting their nets to catch hares a leveret, pursued by the dogs, ran towards him where he was sitting, and the little terrified thing jumped into the wide open sleeve of his oloak. He stood up, and gently dropped the trembling leveret into the large pocket of the cloak, intending to let it go safe and free when the dogs were gone. But one of the hounds, smelling the leveret in the doctor's pooket, made a sudden snbp at it through the cloth, and on examination Martin discovered that the bite of the dpg had broken the poor leveret's thigh. 1A huntsman then took it and threw it to the dogs, who tore it, says Martin, as tbe devil tears poor BOUIS. The incident, however, appears to have given him a great deal lof regret. He enjoyed the forest eoenery, but felt the solitude irksome. " For quiet ito quiok bosoms is a hell." He longed for the exoitement of the lecture hall, the pulpit, and the Wittemberg disputations. He does not appear to have been mubh troubled with reflection.. He was essentially a fighting man, and left others to reflect. Yet in the stUln'dss and retirement of the old castle at Wartbnrg he must have beta forced back on his mind's history, and the review of his theological divarications. He had got rid of all belief in the Papjil supremacy. With Hus, he would swefcr that the Pope was the Antichrist. Htt theory of faith, and his denial of Free Will, threw him'altogether off the Oatholio link But still he had not formally declared againit the Mass' anddoctrine of the Real'Presence in the sacrament of 'the Lord's Supper. He had, however, so shattered his early apprehensions of .'divine truth, 'that all was looie and ready' tb fait 'in 'pieces at a touch. Luther from his own conviction aiid confession, would seem to have regarded himself as constantly inspired by the' Holy Ghost on the one hand, and constantly in communication with the devil on the othek All he preaChed in this Collegiate Church it Wittemberg was inspired by the Holy Ghost, and'he plainly told, his hearers that thav should ! &o;"t "therefore dotibt his doctric j, and 'thls is just the creed of every heretic from Oerinthus to O^lvin. Their words are the words'; of God; ind those who "foil 6jv them^^oept'the iafiatic's "words as <5f divine authority atad hejieve .them aooordingly. Th"us evefcy 1 h'ereBj com^s frorn' Ood. "Bdtr Lttffitft^ia ndt depeha-wholly b'n the hpiyeiriV light, good as it was. Brimstone emits rays end yields ilds a radiance whioh, w ha the Lutheran diaphany, will bear < comparison with the supernal iaf light. In the daytime , the . Holy . - Ghost shone in Luther's soul; at night came Luoifer in his naphtha glory, like Zamiel in a halo of stage fire. We have it under Luther's own hand, and Mera icripta manel, as you may see in vol. 7 of his works, and other volumes. The monk pulled off his Hessian boots one night and went to bed He had cast off his allegiance to the Church. He had completed his new theory of " faith only." He had abolished holy orders. He had shaken his own belief in the whole sacramental system. Naturally he had begun to have hostile thoughts towards the dootrine of the Maes, with its Real Presence of Christ, and the communication of Himself in the Lord's Supper to every truly penitent and believing soul. But as yet Luther had not formally denied this doctrine. Doubts of it may have passed through his mind, bat hehadnot published his doubts. In the retirement of the old caetle to which the Elector of Saxony had, for prudential reasons, consigned him, Luther would seem to have been cogitating on the Mass, and somewhat matured his doubts. But they were only philosophic doubts, aDd bad not taken root. In this doubting state God took pity on him, and sent the devil to the "father of the glorious reformation," to expose the falsehood of the Catholic doctrine, and bring Luther on the question into the glorious liberty of the children of God. The Doctob and the Devil at Midnight. The story of Luther's conversion from the Oatholio doctrine of the Eucharist to the Zwinglian opinion, is told by Luther himself. He waB constantly in the habit of speaking of the devil's visits to him, and of the devil's conversations with him, and he did not hint that he spoke in jest or used a figure of speech, but led his friends to suppose and believe that the devil aotually did come to him and converse with him, and gave him hints concerning the fallaoy of Catholic teaching, and bo forth. In several plaoes in his writings he alludes to the interviews he had with the devil, and gives no intimation whatever that they were imaginary or fictitious, and concludes his account of the long debate he had with the demon in a manner which cannot fail to impreuB the reader with the belief that his midnight oonferenoe with the devil was an actual eyent and no fiction. If Luther intended to write a fable, why should he not have called in an angel of the skies instead of the " great enemy" of Christian souls as his oolloquistP The idea of Almighty God sending the devil to lead Martin Luther out of Oatholio darkness into heretioal. light may be a very nice winter evening's tale for the peasant dwellers in the Black Forest; but it borders on the insanity of the grotesque for Lnth'er to bring in the devil as a messenger from God, deeply intent on the salvation of Luther's soul. The Catholic dootrine of the Mass is assumed to be deadly error. Luther lies engulfed in this error. The devil is so distressed about Luther's lost condition that he takes the trouble to come and reason with the monk, and convert him to the truth. When did the devil begin to be so conoerned for the truth, he who is a liar from the beginning ? He who tempted man to his eternal ruin, when did he become zealous for men's eternal salvation. If the Mass was an idolatry and the Catholic dootrine of the Lords Supper false, why should the devil of all beings be so anxious that Luther should renounce the falsehood P In doirig so Satan was cutting his own throat; he was destroying his own kingdom, and labouring for the glory of God. Luther says the devil spent a night at his bedside, arguing against the Mass. Why Bhould the devil sit up a whole night, to convince Luther that the Mass was a blasphemous deceit f Was the devil fuddled with bad brandy when he came to Luther's bedside : for he waB playing the part of a fool in letting a. sheep eaoape from his olutoheB P Luoifer wishes Luther to abandon the Mass. Why ? Evidently because the devil knew it was a divine ordinance, and Lucifer sought to delude Luther as he deluded Eve. Luther seems to have been stone blind to this view of the midnight dialogue; and on this view the devil's nooturnal conversation at once assumes its proper oolour. The devil knew that the Mass was OhriBt'B institution, and its dootrine a revealed fact, as true as Christ's word. Therefore he wasted his logic on Luther's half crazed mind. If the devil knew that the Mass was.false, he would have let Luther alone in his belief of the falsehood; and upon this view the reality of Satan'a midnight visit to the semi-lunatio monk becomes very credible. In blinding the eye of Luther's soul the Fiend knew he was blinding the [souls of all the besotted millions .who were to follow him. Only think, O esteemed reader, of the devil being shocked at the profanation of the Lord's table! Poor pious devil, how it grieved his tender, faithful heart that people should adore "bread and wine" instead of adoring Christ! He once wanted Christ to adore him, but |Satan had got sorry since then and repented, and transformed himself and went to Luther as an ambassador from God, to deliver him from a fatal superstition, bo that he might save many generations. The devil didn't wish that Luther,should be damned! Oh, no ! God forbid. Poor. innooent devil, how sadly he has been slandered 1 Yet why did he argue eo vehemently against the Mass ? Was it bepause he ardently desired to see -Luther asoend to the lieafcn which the devil had lost? If so, the whole bible mufct be written over again in the itew; Thero is nothing so overwhelms the whole Lutheran system aud sinks it in conf usiauiai this midnight dialogue, in whioh I/uther relates at such length the arguments of tbe devil againBt the Mass. In converting Luther from the Mass Satan succeeded in getting him and all his dupes shut out from tbe taw whose fruit is the Bread of Life, The devil knew with a terrible certainty that the Mass was the highest, holiest act of adoration man could offer to his Creator • anij therefore he used all his miserable craft in alienating the rebel monk from the love of it. The devil found arguments, and Luther used them. On these arguments of the devil Luther took his stand; and all thB 1.001 contradictory Lutheran offshoot "churches" whioh yelled last October at Lnther'sgravd in Wittemberg, very ungratefully defrauded the devil of his dne when they hurrahed for Luther as the originating engineer of the reformation, for Luther only worked with the logical tools fabricated by Luoifer. Martin left Worms to return to Wittemberg on April 26, 1521. Eight days after he was " bailed up" (on May 4), in th? forest, and led off to the old oastle of "Wartburg by the Elector of Saxony's trusty.lights. Here he remained for 10 months, until March 6, 1522\. Of the midnight dialogue with the devil By his Bedside, Luther has left the following record :— "When I was at Wartbnrg, I awoke suddenly one night at midnight, and whom should I see but Satan at my bedside" {acting as angel-guardianj. " And immediately he began to debate with me. So, says he, you have opened your eyes. Now, keep them open and listen to me, O learned dootor of Divinity. Respecting Mass, you know that for 15 years you have been saying Masses almost every day, what you oall ' Private' Masses at which only you, the priest, communicated. What would it be, dootor, if such Masses were a horrible idolatry ? I did not make direot reply, but I said, ' I have beep ordained a priest by a bishop, and I have done all that I have done by command of my superiors, and in .obedience to them, "Why should I not ? I say the words as s^id by- Christ. I say them with solemnity, asyou know !' ' Yes,' he replied ; ' but the Turks and the Pagans do all things in their temples in obedience to their superiors, and with solemnity ; but what would it be if your priestly consecration were as false ae that of the Turks and Pagans f " January 8, 1881. (To be concluded next tseek.) 