Chapter IV.—Cuexstjias Mobnikw. Before night had followed that dreadful morning after Nan's waitiug she was lying in unconscious delirum, and Jim's worst appre hensions were realised when the doctor pro nounced her illness brain fever. From that time until Christmas, her lucid moments were few, and in those brief weeks her overbur dened mind told its whole sad story. It was pitiful to hear her. Now she was waiting for him, and it was late and dark outside; again she was hurrying through the night to meet him, but he came not to her. In fancy, she was once more in the bar room of the Golden Nugget, with the dead face of the murdered man before her ; she heard again the fearful anguish of the woman's cry. Then she would beg in piteous tone3 for him to take her away, to take her home. But the memory always uppermost in her mind was of the terrible night that proceeded her illness, for from every flight of fancy she came back to the dark cold room where she had waited alone, and weeping bitterly she cried that Jim had left her. Sometimes her ravings were of more peaceful things ; the home in the valley of they were so happy together before he sought the distant El Dorado of the Pacific. Thus passed the anxious days and lonely nights, during which Jim scarcely left her side. On Christmas morning she awoke with a clear mind and Bpoke to him. An hour or so after daybreak there came a timid rap at the door, and when Jim opened it Matt Goodwin, the youngest miner in the camp, stood there with a beautiful bunch of Christmas holly in his hand. " la she better ?" was his eager enquiry. On being told that she was conscious, lie smiled delightedly and said frhyly : *' Maybe she'd like this t.o'ly. I went miles down the creek for it and the tops of ihe branches are just peeping OTer the snow. 'Tis a good bit of eolor, and being Christmas, I thought 'twould be nice for her to have some." When he had gone Nan lifted her face from the pillow and asked ; " Is it Christmas, Jim ?" " Yea, Nannie." " I've been sick a long time, haven't X ?" Then as slia caught sight of the bum-li of scarlet berries she gave a rry of delight and eagerly 6lretchod out. her hand ; but the poor weak hand could not hold them, so she laid them on the bed beside her. She wandered away a Utile after that, ami told how red and how bright the holly wns at home, ocea-ionally repeating with a gleeful manner of a child that it was " Christmas morning." " See here, Nannie," said Jim, unrolling a bundle, thereby disclosing a silk of azure hue. " Look at your Christmas present ; I sent clear to 'Frisco for it." He threw the gay folds over the bed, making the pallor of her fate more ghost-like than ever. She looked at it for a minute, and something like a shudder passed over her. He saw it, and read its meaning at once. " Nanuie did you think I wonld by a yard of it with that money ? No, it was honest gold, panned there at the creek that paid for it, and I want you to brighten up and get well quick so that you can wear it. It'6 blue Nannie, and just your color ; why you'll be the prettiest girl in all the diggings when you get that dress on !" the Mississippi—her home " O, Jim, dear Jim, I shall never wear it!"' It was all slie said. "Why, Nannie, not after what I've told you ?" " It's not that, Jim." Then a little slower, because every word was an effort iu her feeble state : " I am not going (o live." She spoke so very gently for fear of grieving him. He knelt, down by the bed and clasped her hands in both his own. " Nannie," he whispered, " I'm afraid what you're saying is true; you were always too good for this place, and for me, and you're very weak ; but Nannie, my poor, neglected child, I want you to eav, ' Jim, I forgive you ' only once. I don't see how you can, but won't you try to ?" Ah, how quiet it was for a moment. "Something tells me," he went on more hopefully, " that you will be spared to me j I cannot let you go without showing you how I love you." His broken utterance ended in a sob. But a higher wisdom than Jim's had not or dained it so. '' Jim," she cried, jou were always kind to me ; there ie nothing to forgive ; but I, I cannot die ! Keep me, Jim, hold me fast !" Poor child, notwithstanding all her suffering she was not ready to go. We never are. She was quite exhausted and lay with closed eyes. Suddenly over the thin features adroad ful change came, and even Jim could not mistake its awful meaning. He called aloud in his anguish and the sound of his voice called her back a little. " Lift me higher, Jim," she said, as there came upon her face a look of unearthly beauty "higher, and to the light." She turned with a last supreme effort and flung her arms about his neck. Then as he raised her up, her pure spirit found the light of a fairer day than this. And 'twas Christmas morning. How- the birds sang! How the sun sparkled and shone upon the snow. The tender blue of the sky was dappled with masses of fleecy clouds, and the heaven abuve was like June. It seemed as though the flowers must be blooming under foot, but there was nothing there but snow ; snow as far as the eye could see j over hill and ravine ; above the grass clods, and upon the pine boughs. And when the women had robed Nan in her one white dress, and placed young Matt's spray of holly in the tliinfiugers, the beautiful figure upon the little bed seemed a part of the sacred stillness of the place. " Poor dear," some one says with a sob, " how peaceful she looks, and rested." " So young, too," says another, " and of a Christmas morning." But the sweet dead face on the pillow wore its placid smile of repose through it all. For somewhere iu the far away skies the morning of au eternal Christmas had dawned for Nan. —San 'Francisco JBulletin. 