A^TFitmess for me ©cfcircc, ? "WncNi J^otbaek lo" ||§l$iSsllj.i in order Jo ii^ra-iromJiimTiowStt >03, sad to take air off 3ns hands Tile | magistrate, ol course, had sent tho prisoner 101 ImL Wheal came to ead the drposiiions, ihe case agamst him -seemed perfect! - simple,: and; -as conclusive as - circumstant' il evidenceicouia- make-it^ .- The crime haa-cat oecurredso -long ago iuiifliat a'jlillgent search; had ;unearthe"d,severalT witnesses. The -ser^; vant girlj who had now become the wife of a- aairyman in the immediate neighboihooS, w»s iounfl She proved ihe had conduct of young : Harden, .and the 311-will which gradually grc w up between Jum.-and her&rmcrmistress;:-®ie •also:.spoke to- his..ejectment from the house; on thejday.of the murder, and to'his tbrcala at the street door. She swore to the kmf>', which had "been in the possession of the police ever since, a? having belonged to tiie< prisoner. There were other witnesses to tlie same facts; ; and the landlord^ niy client; a-idt several .others, ;provedi the flourishing of ihe^ identical knife and the -ominous words in the •public h use To complete the chain, the man who had .instructed me proved the fiuding of the knife in the room where the mader wa committed, and two or three wic nes eB remembered being hy his side and iseemghim stoopdownandpick it up.-Theee,'; ;withvthe £nal-.&cfcs; of his sudden -disappear-' ,ance and-changes of. name, 'appeared both to me .and to-.mv;liieiid to, be capable of being; Spun into. a rope quice strong enougn to swing' John Harden out of the world- " . "But,"said my solicitor friend," the queer estthmgof all is that no one as going to ap-r pear for the prisoner " " Ko one to appear for him 2 ' ")So one Xoung Elkm hold a watching : brief on behaif of prisoner's master, and thatis alL He said Harden had been m-ilr filo • ,cum!s7^that's-.-his ..master—service Ior--over! seven years, behaving extremely well all il.e time.. He was ..invaluable to ins old master, who .is something of an invalid. He had turned .lehgious, and-was disguBted at-hls former-wickcd life" " But I suppose he has "monfiy—or; at any iatej:if=Slocumissolond of ;3IIBI, whydoeBn't; he pa for the defence'? " " Why. it seems that his notion of religion forbids-Hardea-to -avail Jnmself of worldly! ait Blocum is onl too anxious to xeta n some one; but Harden won'tghave it, aud no ;one;can; persuade 'him, -. Says he- is 11a the; •hands .of a Higher .Power,.and ltshaEbsgiveli. him what he;shall .speak, aufl all the seat of it. --He wantedto makeasgeechiothe-magis. -trate; but Klocum, by Elkin's advice,- -did'; manage to inouce him to hold his tongue far .the presentj .and say he would rescrye his defence, lO£ course they hope he will come to his-senses belore ihe trial, Buildoc'tiukw how that will be I never saw sucli an ob- stuiBte pig. Only gave into his master about aot speakuig.because the-pooranan beganto, whimper m court 1" The main par'- of my work had been done ior me,'andit-omyjremamed to bSspeak Copies ; of the depositions; see the witnesses, and make: isure that ;-.they intended to; ; :say at the Old •Bailey; substantially the same things - as they -had^saii .-at -the pohce.-court^-a -most neces-. -sary precaution, the imaginat'on being so -vivjd in people of - -this elaas that - they are 1 and prepare die brief .for the .prosecuting coun- Sfel. This done, I had but to let tlnngs take .their course When the day of the trial came, -I wa .betimeB'jn-my place,at the.(Central Criminal. Court, having variout, -other ca es sn Jiand there "The prisoners, as is customary, wereirat put tip and arraigned-^thfil is, had; the substances! their several indictments read over to them—and were called on to plead ",guilty ''orf-'notguilty.'! Theseaisposedof,thc' ^ase lor John Harden was called/iftd i looked; at 3um -w& some :curiositv. A3Ho sooner had T done so han I knew that Jus-was a lace =upon.-which-:aaome tune -or: other I had looked ^heforej and ; of . whieh- I - had taken =note;:.-, :Itas a useful peculiarity-:of mine that' I nevei Jorgot a face to which I have opce paid any attention, and I can generally le ; colleot-the .place, ancl Circumstances -under; which I last saw it, But here the latter part of my powers failed me. I knew the iaee well, but could not maginewhen and where I had beheld it * I even knew that 1 iiad .seenihs-nian.bareheaded, -and: that.v.-3ie; was not teen, as now, bald oi; ihe Mown. The thing -vvomed me aot a little In themeanwhile, John Ha den was being put up. to take his tr al /or ihe muiderol Agatha Harden ; -"I, m lud, appeai to jrosecute-in this case/' said my -eounsej, starting up and down mp'slisi -"-•My lorfl^ia.a from the' jody^of 4he<co rf, " f havc^iseU all possible- Jencel'' 1 proclaimed the usher; ho is tfa'at?" inquired the judge, looking over "his spectacles "My lord, I am this ioohsh idloiv's; jnaster, and I i,m perfectly eonvmeed— "I'cannot hear'irou, IT "'3i-.thfepiisoner ishesto haye coiinsel assigned to ium for defence, i will 'name a gentleman, anaiopp rtumtylEol: hisjinstruetion, and it you> desire to^ive enaehce on his behalf, you-can -sib so —3? isonei, jisjt^yo 1 -vrash that to^youior-vourdefeneeS ihe judge, Wifl. tex lied in ft grave and im .nive oj.ee • " My lord, I wish JIO -help the 'of <3-od I mm gi^IiB handl, and 1 -am -an innocent man Iflffig ee ^joo3 tp -dehver^ mc, He wiu oc -o Who »n I ih 1 i ' r ho i a interfere with His -work J " "You appear to me " Ssai^Jhe judgojgenlV,5 'to he under an '•arafortsmat delusioa. Uoui say rights ^hatyou%«Ml <Jodstands, but" lhat- should not hinder jou irpm rising jsuoh instruments ioryour dekveranceja JSfe ofiers ou Once snore I wi 1 a 1, ao ion now desire'-totbe sejiregenteSi j cojn>-1'! • "I do not, m -lorfl " f. " Bo be t —Sow,, Mr flhnther " S TJisuig nnoe f jMxe,•counsel i t the gposeeu sJiottsproBeede4<3ts;fip8a-ji®s: and elraighitorward, i?ut | mgly, and embraced the gj ett&er; a&afly; knows He then called his wifcaesBeB; And as each alter each left the •box, it was^easy to iee from the faces of the juiy lhat thing -were likely to jgo hard with -the prisoner J3Ways, m answer to the in quity "Do you wish to put any questions tp this witness?" Harden replied -"So, my' lord He has-said the truth, ior all I know." So smoothly did the truth ran its course that only oneincident called Jor yemark This: was when my client got into the box 1 ;:.and-so indecently eager did he appear to be to pro - cure the conviction of the prisoner, that he twice-called {tawnuponiiimsella-seTere- rejhuko?irpm -.the judgef&r;<jersistentlyj«jluni; ;te^g^uxalevanfc;Btat'ement8:.;4ov'J3ardenW prejudice And when counsel at length aid, 'JThat.m' lud, is stay case,' and eat -do n, but: little;doubt lematnedjaB to .thepiispner'-E late. I still.eat with my-^aze- fascinated-'livtheset 'facean the dock,trymg—-trying ;to remember when and where IJiSS 4ast lookeS -upon it 5 " Do you propose, pasone call any wit : nesses} 'Vasked-the judge. "Only my taasfer, my lord—M*. Slocum "He'Jl«iieakior..me*^na:he 1 jl sayj -Kknow that for inurder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a human being wa -virtually at grips; •roth'death.iF^ ::4hat : jjiere-^JTssr^io -delpncB or^ttempt ;atji; defence, hat the jury must convict, and that- the mim . must::die, -withdut- hope -of mere for 0 cowardly and ungrateful a intnderci. There was not a sound in the ;court,.ltw(ts-lateiatiiealternoon,:an'dt!ie : winter sun was setting Its rays JM up the', •crimsonviiailgmgs,; the scarlet robes of the judge, the lr.tent faces,.all lookrng one way, the- .idroopiiijg- •- head-.-and- ,?white composed 1 -coimt-enaGCeoliheprifloner-^tb^.man-stand- ; ing up -there m full health and strength, and; whose life was going down with the sun: • - • - ' I - have but-.a- -few -words io say,vmy lord and gentlemen. -I didn't <lo it. I was bad enough, .and maybe cruel-enough m those aays to do it ; but l didn't;:: I waa so drank and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that I might have done it if it had happened earlier in the day, unknown almost to mvself, and be standing here rightly enough; But I haw I couldn't have done it, and why ? Because I was miles away at the time. My poor •aunt,-as I'jie-.heard from what has been-said,- must have been killed between a quarter to and a. quarter-riast weight iu -the evening- -Well, at eight o'clock I was ^atileast Eve miles " off;;.-: 11 I'd done' it directly the girl went out ot the house—as she says, at a quartet' to-- eight—it isn-t according - to; -reason-:: that 1 oould have, broken open the cupboard,- took the .money, and: got £ve miles o£E in a quarter of an hour." He etopped, and drew the cuff of his coat across his forehead. . , Where /MS I seen him before I Where and when had-I seen him-do that very-action ? " 0, gentlemen,.! couldn't have done it 1 I couldn't, bad-as I was 1 Iknowynow, how bad that- innBt have been—the mercy of God has been nponme since those davs—but.; had; as I was, 1 owed her too much, and knew it, -to have ;.hurt her „ m;:any way. :Won't- you beheve.me ?. I tell you I was-miles away at the time—miles away.. Who «an - tell us: youlre saying true 1 -.you will ask.; Ko one, -1 suppose. : Kot ; a isoul: was: near' me that I; knew to come here and speak the truth for me his day But I In-., w the ^ame : :God-;thBtj«aved vDamel canf-Bavetoe:6:om<a ; SOITJ end, if it is His ill to do it—if not, 1 His will be done! ..I'm keeping you too long, only saying the same over and over again. I'll. just--,tell you how it was, and I've done, and you mo t do as duty bids you." •••• Another pause. , I'he .silence of death, or rather of a deathbed. The faces in the distance of. the darkened court shimmered through . the; gloom; -like those of spectres waiting to welcome« coming shade.: • Then: the ^as-light burst forth, and all sprang into Buddem-distmctness, ;and there -was a general half stir as of .relief. .; "Oh, isn't there one here that can speak for me-?- is there any -one who remembersthe great gas-mam .explosion in ^ Street that yeai 5"' There was again a stir, and a more decided -one. :•- -Clearly there were manv m court -who; remembered it; I did; ior one. ; And lemem-J bermg it, -1 - seemed as one in a tunnel, who sees the glimmer Croin the distant opening, but nan distmguishno feature of thelandscape beyond. "I was there—that night It wa themght of,.the»aay. i: was -turnedrout-'of "doors—the' -.night of the murder. How I came to bo .there,4=0 far.from my aunt's neighborhood,-1 don't know, hat J. found myself worlnng hard, helping to lift the stones aad timbsr of the house-fronts that were- blowu'in,- and getting, the poor crushed people out I worked a long time, till I wa like to drop, and a policeman clap ed me on the back and gave: me; a word of-praiseand a drink of beer out of a .can. - Itwonder. where that.policeman is now, and if he'd lemember ? " He did not jespond, wherever he might be No one to help—no lriendly..plank to bridge over the yawning grave. . What was'it, this that I was trying so haid to recall 1 "I wandered off after that into the by streets.v^4-! ; lffl6w.thoBp'parts ^eUr«I;hadihad : a comrade who used to live there, and many: a wicked and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. The bfeer I had just drunk on an empty stomach had muddled me again a, bit but I was ^uite sober enough to know, every step of the way I -went, and remember •it now I turned -up Hoadley Street, -and -then to tlie -left ;along-;Blewitt;.Street;: and- '3u6twhen-my!auntjnusthave.been-strugg-kiig : -was, I heard a clock strike eight I did 1 ,1< the pitio Uir lain on t CCL roof— £ .paw the glefim of &e; infrequent lights on the wet-flags—I listened^to-ihe objurgations c of the cabman at-the obstructing diay—I took note of the reflection m the mirror, the-q oer street- name which would not rhyme so as to The strokes -of th? look strik' :np!atatT=iheinmn..with'the!Bhort5broad-.'iace;- the Sharp -chm, lie long -tHin mouth turned down Jit ihe corners, and the blank in the tontfeethT™the:«naPcentrjiianvI'ji!»S'''i3iound- As T «prang>tQ my feet j&own; with a erash went my hag full^f pa erg, m hat and 11m 4rellaj».B0.that«yen- jtheiimpasBive.gudge'!gave a star , and the usher, waiting up, once more proclaimed " Silence 3 3 'with hocked .and pi jured mfleotion Heedles of the majesty of ihe law, 14eok<5ped io my counflel, -and he leaned over -to me n surprise, i -whispered eamesll on in ear. Ine er saw^he hutaan faceiexpre p more entire astonishment How pyei, BBSine that -i was nnmistakeably in earnest, he merely noddecl and rose to his Seet " , 4 J'iour lordship willpatdon me/' he said, "ior mierfenng al this stage between tlie piitonu s-jd tin. lurv ; hut lsminstiucwd-to mak^-a communication Which I feel sure wllbe as astonnauig to jour lordshw and the jury last 15^0 myself:^ i,thinkl.:may -say, that it-is ihe most urptising and nnprece l dented thing ^thish ever occurred mm court CONOIiUSIOR. To say-that there was & « sensation " would ieSbly -describe what followed Every one in court-sprang to his .feet-3? The prisoner looked as if lie had seen js. ghost There was aperfect-hnbbub of Voices, as ba-r and iury • talkE,d among, themsolves, and my brethren at-thexoluntors'table poured questions-nponanej-to none of which I-rephed-'eSilenca being irestored.^he- voice.of'thejudge—graye'and 5digniiied;::but prith a Jieroeptlble tremor—^des- 1 ..csnded'like jvooal ioil;on the troubled ; waves Of; -sound, t'rfflfoo mstraofcsryon^fflfr. Chncher? " •""Mr Bentley, my lord " ThB judge looked more aslomshed than ever. My name was familiar enough to him as a judge, and he hafi known it even better •when, as a leading barrister, -he had held; many* briefirom me. ' I .am persuaded," said he," that a gentle - man:o£MT.Bentley'sreputeand-experience has good -reason ior what he <"o s But «d .extraprdmaryfand^unheard of I willasfc Mi, Bentley himself if Jie jeally considers ,that:.dutyieqakeE;hmi,to:pJIer-JiunBel(-asa witness, -and when'and why ie came to that conclusion^ ' <*> ; rMyioid" 1 xipl-aa, "I an ecrtzia that, flievmg-w3iat333ad'cau^io iEUeve' witbifif le last five .mmutes,X jshouia be greatly Jo .blame if -I-aid-jiotiestifyon-oath-'tG-certam; facta which are within my own knowledge. But ifthe prisoner chooses to call me as- awit ,-ness,,5your,lordship will presently underflta-ud whvitis that; with all -Gubmisaion,- l -cannot- -at thiSimoment, ;or- .until/Ieam .;m jthe boz,-- :'giveimy:reasons;. And® must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on-his-answers to certain-questions which ! wish, with : your lordship s sanction, to put to him in writrng. And if he ,answers me as I expect; I believe my evsdenee will ut an end to the ase agamst- ; ally; gentlemen of the mry," said-his lordship, this -matter, .is ..assuming -a more and more remarkable ;aapect. i hardly know: what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private iy the .prosecuting sohcitor is the - most extraordinary proposal, I am- bound to say, which ever -came under mv notice. It is the, more difficult for me to decide because; the prisoner nas not the advantage of -couu-: isel's assistance.—Prisoner, 1 is -St. your wish that.thisgentleman should:he called as a witness on your behalf ? . Sou; have heard what •he has said about certain: questions-winch he wishes to put to yon beforehand; Of course yon sre not boundto answer anv snob qaea-. tions, and may nevertheless call him. What; do you say ?" flam in .God's hands, my lord," answeredthe prisoner, who was : quite calm -again. " It: maybe that He was raised up a dehverer for ae—I efinnot tell.. But i know that if He ! wills that I should die,"no man can save me; if He wills to save me, nought can do me: harm. So I am ready to answer any questions the gentleman wisheB." "I,propose,'' said the -judge, "before de-:. cidmg iihis extraordinary point, to consult ;wxth the learned Eeeorderon the next court.'" - All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence-I escaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying myself m a .consultation with my counsel. When he„-heard what the leader;knows; he fully, upheld me - m what-I proposed to -do; and then threw himself,back in-his.«eat'Witn.Tthe : air of a man whom - nothing could ever astonish again Si-lencel J ' cried the nsher;-. The judge was returning. — "Xiaye-decided," said he, 'ito allowthp: questions to be put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let'them -be written out-and «ubmitted3o me - ior my approval" I sat down and'-wrote -my questions, and: they were passed -up to the judge. - Aa he read them, he-looked more -surprised than ever. Bi2t. flU "he- said,'as: he -handed them down, wasfc" But the questions;'' - ' . - X-walkedup to- the, dockland-'gave them into -the prisoner's hands,. together.;with my •penciL fle, read them carefully through, andswrote his .-answers.' slowly and with consideration.;; With the paper in my hand, I got into the witniiss-box and -was sworn. evidence was to the effect already stated. As I described the man I had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the-prisoner,-and :turned. ;to- the . .jury,-4.SS6W thatthey were making a-careful comparison) - ana that, allowing for -the-change wrought by twelve years, they found that the ^description; taBied closely with the man's appearance. • ' ; "Iproduce&is; paper, onwhioh Ijust now wroteicertain questions; to which theprisoner wrote the answers under my eyes., These arc the questions and nswers? '"Question:: Were.you.smoking when you came up t j the corner of Haurati-street ? — Answer. No. f QuestionDid you afterwards smoke Answer a I had no lights estion: JJid you try to get a hght ?— Answer : Yes, by climbing a lamp .. at. the corner.;-,:: but I was ;;not steady: enough, and la-emember 1 broke my hat against the crossbar. " Question: Where did you carry your pipe and tobacco ?—Answer: In my hat. , "Thoseanswers, ' 1 concluded, "are-absoj; lutdy:correot in every,-particular. The mas' whom-I:saw.under.thelamp,-;at eight o'clock on the night of the murder,-behaved as the answers indicate That concludes the evidence J-.;-have;felt -hound to tender." And I handed tho .slip of paper to the usher for m spection by the jury \- ."prisoner," inquired-the- judge, " do you caUany other witness ? " " I do not, my lord.' "(Then, gentlemen," said thejudge, turning -to ihe.-iury; Vthe - one :'remark that l;«haU make to you is this—that if you believe the -.story;oi,:the , :-prisoner's:.witness, there can be httle douh« hui that the prisoner wa the man wham thfe witness oawat -the corner of Hauraki-^trect at eight o'clncl. on in' tiignt! 't)mthefcaSBjo£iihe'nrosecution;-ihatlie«annot; 9iave committed thismarder. 1 should not Sjeadoii^iSnvadaTy-S^^ you-ihat tlie witness -iii*jquBEtio» :is, Ukely, .Jo' ^a^,:-the-iieast; sto sbe;s^h0nt;:,;bias'iin"f:the: prisoner's favor; ;and ths,t'his;^vidence is ;very. answers to the mittenaiuestions put to linn. Gentlemen, you will now consider your "verdict" We are agreed, my lord," said the fore man. « " Gentlemen of the jury," sung out the clerk of arraigns, " are you all agreed upon your-verdict?" " We are." * And that verdict is 5 ' "Motility" " And that "s the verdict of you all ?" " it is 4 "There iollowed -a burst o£ cheering- which the usher coulcl not silense but which silenced itself as the judge was seen to be B"Caking "John Harden—I am thankful, every man in this court s thankful— that ypux trust in he mere ana power of the AH-merciful and AU- yowerlul ha not been in-vain oust nd acquitted of a oul :crime:%4he nnhositating verdict of-Jthe:rary; "you go forth afreeman, and 1 am glad to think that -the goodnes of God has been •beatowedon-iine.whoiiaErepented.of- hiBpast Bins,''andiwhoas3iot;%kelv,i:liopeanabolieve; ; ID be •unmindful of that goodness hereafter Sou are diBcliarged'' Had Jie been ieifc to Jumsfelt, i think the: iprieoner'flcldmasterwouldhaveclimbedmto She dock, w th the view of personally deliver mg his servant out of the house of bondage. ' But he was Testramed by a sympathetic constable, while • John: .-Haiden .-was leaonveyed- • :for .a ohort time ta.the gaol; to undergo oer-;, tarn necessary, lormalities connecteiwith his . ieleaso,from-: custody.. -1 volunteered-to .take.• •charge of Mr. Slpcumi and took him to. the vestibule ot the prison, overwhelmed during •the short walk by thanks andpiaises We . ;were soon joined^hy Harden; whose meetings With his master brought a- lump -into-the -.: throat even of a tough criminal lawyer like myself. I saw tbemiiito -a eab,:atia thBy-drove-:- oft to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to call on me next day, and enlighten me on ,certain points as to which I was still in the" -daf A strange a pait of my Etory as any, has:,, yet to be told X had haidly got back to my > ,office and-settled3o.wn to leaioverthe various;-- ^letters which- were! awaiting ! my '^signature, when my late chent (Hardenfe prosecutor) <was; announced. I-nad lost sight of him in the ..excitement which followed the acquittal. JSe Ad :-notJsait- to learn (whether.1'was^ngaged-:: or not, but Tushed. after the clerk into my • xogm^ He was ashen white, or rather gray, stfind-, hut his syfcs positively"-bla-ied. wi in the presence of the astonished c.erk, to ; pour upon me a flood -oT abuse and invective of the foulest kind. I had sold him; I was : in league with-the prisoner. I was a cmdhng thief ofalawyeri whom he would have struck oS thoiollg. &c.; until Ireally thought he had gone out of his mind, As soon &s; I-could get in a word, 1 curtly explained.that H was no part of a lawyer's duty. to try and hang a man whom he knew ; to, be .innocent.; As -he only replied with : abusive language, 1, ordered lum out ^of the - office. The office quieted itself once more—. beingiar too -busy, and also -too well aceustomedto- eccentric people to have time: for long wonderment at anythmg—and m an hour lhad finished my work, and was prepai-mg to leave for home, when another visi- . tor -was announced—.Inspector Forrester. -'•Well, Mr. Forrester, what's, the matter now ? -I'm just gomg oji." • "Sorry IM put you out of the way, sir; but .I thought you'd like to hear wiiat's hap- . pened. The prosecutor in Harden s case has given himself up for the murder I" " What ? " I shouted; . " He just has, sir. It's .a queer day, this ,' ,: When I heard you get up and give evidence for the man you were prosecuting,.! thought curiosities was over, for ever but. seems.tliey ain't, and never will-be." - "How was it? " " Well, he came into: the -station quite quiet, and,, seemed a bit-cast down, but that was .all. Said fate was agamst him, and had saved the man he thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and:-couldn't wait anv longer- I cautioned him, of course—told him to sleep on-it before he said anything; but make a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a flash when he saw that 75001- drunken fool exhibiting his knife in the tavern. He followed him, and picked his pocket of the knife,"and then hung about the house, meaning to get - m atter dark. Then he saw the girl come out and go oil, leaving the door closed but not . latched, the eardess" hussy 1 Then in -, slips the gentleman, and" does what he'd made up his mind.-to—for vou Bee the old -woman knew him well,-so he couldn't afiord to leave iier alive—gets the cash, and slips out. All in gold it was, two hundred and . fifty .pounds. When he heard that Harden couldn't be iound, he got uneasy in his mind, andhas-been getting worse ever -since, though -he.didwell enough in trade-with the money. Seems he considered he wasn't safe until someone had been hanged. SOj when , he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to ! get him convicted—which I noticed myBelf, sir, as of course you did, and thought it queer too; 1 don't doubt. He took too much pains, you see—he must employ you to make cer- • tain, mstead of leaving it to us; whereas if . he hadn't-come to you, your evidence would never have been given, and I think you'll say nothing could have saved the prisoner." • It was true enough. The.wretched man" had. insured the failure of his own fiendish design :by employmg me, of -aII the solicitors to whom he might have gone! I learned-next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain 10 light his pipe-on that memorable evening, had wandered for hours through the hard-heartett streets, until at : daybreak he had found himself in tne docks, looking at a large ship preparing .to drop down the riV6r with the tide. Haw he had managed-to slip abroad unseen and stow himself- away in the hold, - with some idea of " bettering- hiB not over-bright fortunes m -foreign parts. , How. he had' supported his Me . in the hold with strav fragments of biscuit, which he happened to- have in his pookets, until,, after a day or two o£ weary beatmg about -against baffling winds, when ; they were out in mid-channel, the usual search for stowaways had unearthed him. 7 How the captain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to .allow him to work as a sailor on board the vessel. How on landing at Sydney he had gone int o the interior, taken ser-, vice mth his present master—under another name than ;his own, wishing to disconnect -himself entirely with his former life—and by honestly doing his duty - had - attained his - pre ent position Sy. the hght. of this narrative, that- which had puzzled me became perfectly clear—. .namely, how it was that he Had contrived not : only: ,to get.so:,entirely lost in spite of the hue and. cry; after; thim;-. but also to remain in agnoi'ance.of.his-aunt'sfate. - --\\-.JY-.. My chent was toed, convicted, and oxe cuted m due -course, his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender haying no weight agamst the cruel and cowaidly attempt to -put an nnocenl jnaa_ 11 hit place When I last saw John Harden, he was married to a senous lad alio had been his late masters;housekeeper; -and.was.-poesesaor 1 : of a prospeiput, general shop m a country . village, Slocked by means of the money-: which Mr. Slocum had generously left him. . 