V.R.C STEEPLECHASE MEETING. LBt Electric Telegraph.] [From our own correspondent.] Melbourne, July 19. THE Victoria Racing Club winter steeplechase meeting was held on the Flemington Racecourse to-day. Fine weather prevailed, and the attendance numbered several thousands, including large numbers of visitors from the country and the other colonies. His Excellency the Governor with Lady Loch and suite was present. The course was in splendid order, and some excellent jumping was witnessed. The following were the results of the various events : Maiden Hurdle Race about 2 miles. Gasalier Hazard .'.2 Omadhaun 3 The other starters were The Ghost, Star, Lady Teazle, Cockboat, and Stafford. This was a grand race, Gasalier winning by a length. Time, 5min. 53sec. Maiden Steeplechase about 21 miles. Kingston, 5 years. (ll'Ivor) 1 Robin Hood. 21 years. (Malone) 2 Marquis of Waterford. 6 years (Bird) 3 Kulkyne, Goodwood, The Baron, Holyrood, Sir Fyans, and Yanco also started. Betting : 3 to 1 against Marquis of Waterford, 5 to 1 Goodwood and Robin Hood. Robin Hood was loading at the home turn, but Kingston caught him at the half distance and won by five lengths. The same distance separated Robin Hood and Marquis of Waterford, and the others followed at long intervals. Time, 4min. 7sec. Grand National Hurdle Race about 3 miles. Bon Quixote. list. 3lb. .. (Glassoook) 1 Sundowner, lOst. 31 (Inglis) 2 Ringwood, 12st. 7lb (Scobie) 3 The other starters were Tantaliser, 9st. 2lb., Sinking Fund, Oat,, Flnniborougk, 10st. 5lb., The Joker, Hat. 2lb., and Yarrie, 10st. 3lb. Betting : 3 to 1 against Ringwood, 4 to 1 Don Quixote, 5 to 1 Ontario and The Joker. Opposite the bridge The Joker made a great rush through his horses, and tried to run off, but having been driven at the hurdle he fell heavily on his rider and nearly brought Sun- downer down ; Ontario, Sinking Fund, and Don Quixote came next, and this order was maintained until near the home turn, when Ontario ran off, Ringwood joined Sundowner in the straight, and a great race began between the favourite and the latter. At the distance, however, Don Quixote came upon the inside and beat the pair home by a length, Tantaliser being fourth, Sinking Fund fifth, then came Yarrie and bamborough, with Ontario last. Time, 5min. 44sec. Grand National Steeplechase about 3 miles. Chippenham, aged, 11st. (KiltlufT) 1 Friendloss.óyears, Ost. 121. (Unity) 2 Moonlight, aged, 10st. 7lb. J. (Hill) 3 The following horses also started Lizette, Blackthorn, Union, General Jackson, Katunga, Australian, Count, All Serene, and Hands Down. Betting : o to 1 against Friendless, 3 to 1 Lizette, 4 to 1 Katunga, 7 to 1 Chippenham, S to 1 Blackthorn. When the trainers' shed was passed Chippen- ham, who was loading, was joined by Lizette, and Friendless and Moonlight were next. Upon nearing the distance Friendless challenged Chippenham, and Lizette dropped back, while Moonlight took third place. A grand struggle thcntookplace, and resulted in a victory for Chippenham, who answered the call made upon him a second time, winning by half a length. The same distance separated Friend- less and Moonlight, the latter being two lengths in front of Lizette, who was followed by Blackthorn, Union, and Katunga, All Serene being last. Time, 7min. Setting Hurdle Race 2 miles. Prospect, aged (Corrigan) 1 Ned Kelly, 5 years. (Ji'Lood) 2 Borderman, 1 years. 3 Betting : 5 to 4 on Prospect. Only three horses started. Prospect won by four lengths. Time, 4min. 6sec. Flat Race mile. Bonnie Bee, aged, 8st. 8lb. 1 Pailloroo. 3 years, 7st 10lb. 2 Duenna, 3 years, 8st. lUb. 3 