Grand National Steeplechase Meeting. BT CASPIAN. THSI great ' winter race meeting of the southern hemisDhere is undoubtedly that whiob has just oon oluded its fourth anniversary over the Flemington racecourse. It is generally conceded on all sides to be ' about the best exhibition of equine jumping1 powers ever witnessed,; but I hardly think the class of horse equalled that of other gatherings held in conneotion With the same dub. The horses com peting in the Grand National Hurdle would certainly compare with any previous year, but the Steeplechase; horses werö"only a moderate lot of hunters. There was no Sussex, Lone Hand, Simpleton,'or Hima laya; but slow and sure fencers, and moré adapted for the hunting field. Still, with the enjoy able weather and fashionable attendance, repre-* senting all the adjoining colonies, a good day's racing was indulged in. The newly- appointed Vic torian Governor, Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch and, suite, with Sir Wm. Jervois, w*re present during the raoingj and tho first-mentioned gontleman ex pressed himself in glowing terms of the excellence of the jumping capabilities of our hordes. The course and all the appointments were as Der feet as could be desired, and Mr. Byron Moore, with his fides achilles. Miles, are ; to be congratulated upon the admirable style in which - the ? raoeoourse machinery is engineered. Punctual to time thè bell tolled out its warning-" to weigh "--and at 1 o'olouk the horses were in position for the Maiden Hurdles, for ' which nine came to. the post. . . Hazard, and Stafford were the pair most in request, until Mr Pearson, of Kilmany Park:, came' into the ring, and oommenoed operations, in favour of Gaaalier, who had been will '? tried "in private ; and, after exhausting the market at . 100 to 10 and 13 and 15, left off at'100'to'20, her owner obtaining about ÜC000. This made the fir*t t wo men tioned slightly easier in the market, whilst The Ghost and Lady Teazle recoded in favour.. The raoe wa» an eány win for the Kilmany Park mare, who waited on' Hazard to the distauoe, where she oamé away and won comfortably ; Omadhaun managing to obtain third place. All three are promising hurdleracers, and will be heard of to moro advantage before the season closes. Out of the 10 starters for the Maiden Steeplechase everyone of the horses made some blunder or other. Sir Fyans and Marquis of Waterford had been well tried^ while The Baron and Goodwood ! had each performed to the satisfaction of their party. After all had made errors, either falling or taking the wrong course, Bobin Hood's rider, who dis covered his mistake, turned round, Bafely nego tiated his fence, and waa winning by a distance, but 'eased off into a walle, when Kingston, who was coming with a full >un, : oaught ' Malone! and despite the solicitations of the specta tors to "go on," he was beaton. Marquis of Waterford third. : This is the second time of 8uoh carelessness, and it is to be hoped it will-not occur any more, for his reputation as a horseman is at stake.. The Grand National ,Hurdle Hace produced ono of, thé ßraadeBt finishes witnessed för many a day oh Flemington. Notwithstanding.the crushing impost of 12st 7lb on- Ringwood he left the paddock first favourite, Doh Quixote: Ontario, and The Joker being the next most fancied. Yarree dud Tantaliser, attended by.Sundowner, made the, running for about "one mile ; and a half, when the latter took up'the running, arid soon cut down tho moderate division. At the hurdle opposite the river bridge The Joker .made a. 'r un into seoon'd'plape,but trying-to shirk his work fell.over heavily on King. On went the little-thought-of Sundowner,' full bf running, brit reaching ;the tum, for home - tho 5 favourite ? took up tho running, perhaps a . trifle ' too soon, and the '. two leaders-making a short struggle, Don Quixote came up on the inside and just won a g-and race by a length. Ontario ran off shortly after passing the .sheds, when full of running, otherwise the race -'might havo resulted differently. TWolve starters for Lthe .Grand: .National Steeplechase, and only one blunder,, and that by the favourite Fame, ia a raeö that speaks.for itself. A great deal of shuttlecock . businoss wont oh : in the market, first making ' ono favourite, - then , another ; eventually Fame, Lizette, , and Friendless, were the selections, while . 10 to . 1# could be obtained ' about Moonlight and Chippenham. The jumping, right through was a treat to look at,- and. when it looked a " gumea' to a gooseberry'' on Friendless winning after ho oaught Chippenham, everyone was' surprised at the game manner in which Kilduff's mount uiade a Bèobnd responso, and just landed the dollars by half a length. ' Chippenham ;was- witheut doubt, the best conditioned horse .in the race, and that alone enabled him to win; otherwise he is a very moderate ; : animal. Batty, too, madey a little too much use : of Friendless, while our dreaded: Archer of the steeplechase business was early out of the hunt on Fame. The latter was inclined to shift from his fence, aud Corrigan drove him at it, and, taking off too far, landed on the top of it, greatly injuring his stifles. Prospect, with the odds of 6 to 4 on her, never left the Selling Hurdle Eaoo in doubt; and the heavily-weighted little son of Bonnie Carlisle, ."Bonnio Bee, beat Pailleroo, Duenna, and 14 others very comfortably, after the publia had made \ a- great certainty of Too Too, which terminated one. of the most suooessful meetings held on Flemington. /" 