TOPICS OF THE DAY, AnoNG the large fleet of steam and sailing ships now in part there are three four. masters-the s.e. Buccleugh (British India Company), bringing a direct import cargo of iron, salt, fish, etc.; the Loch Torridon, sailing ship, another magnificent addition to the well-known " Loch" line of clippers and the Drumeltan, on her lirs?t voyage, a fine model, owned by Gillies and Chadwick, of Liverpool. They will all take full car goes of coal; the Duke, as on former occa stone, for Batavia, and the other two for San Francisco. The four-masted rig for the larger class of vessels seems to be getting more in favour, by which, apparently, two very important points are gained in the navigation of aship-firct,theforemastbeing in a more forward position enables the ship to stay much quicker; secondly, it adinits of as great, if not a greater spread of can vas upon spars and the top hamper is far less cumbersome and heavy. With that inherent modesty which has rendered us so conspicuous in this age of egotism, we flattered ourselves.that at the shrine of wisdom over which we pre side the, thirst for knowledge could not only be slaked, but entirely exhausted. This shows how little we kno- about things in general. While we have nobly spent years of editorial (and other), life over the mid night oil in search of information for in quiring souls, and lavishly bestowing it upon them for nothing, here is a scare crow society being formed in London which seems destined tdibrinzg-for a short time at least-good dividends to the shaae holders. It is called' the "Universal Iinforrnation Society," and.the'"offices are pituated 'at' 19' Southampton-sfre~t, 'V.C. Its object 'is to furnish " inforn'&tion;" on any subjec the publiu cares to, ask- and pay for-and' extends to: art, literature, 'military life, antiquarian research, etc. The small charge of ls per question is asked. Well, we thought we wuld just give themtu tun so we called :-" When will the Sand Drift nuisance be stopped and the Water Supply- to Newcastle come off ?" The answer came at once" :Never !" That settled us. - A comical little 'cene occurred yesterday evening in one of cur populous:side streets. Paterfamilias stealthily* approaches. the front door, looks furtively over this shoulder, squirms out sideways, walks rapidly away, and enters the first pub. Materfamilias at this moment comes to the door just vacated, and by the quick movement of her head up and down the street is apparently looking for the truant !hub." Gettingtired, she goes inside, and the son takes up the place of vantage. In a few moments the " dear Pa" emerges fProm the hostelry and the ion slips suddenly inside again. The delinquent parent walks home close to the walls of houses, and enters his dcor on tiptoe. But alas ! alack ! and well a-day ! He had been seen; his little gaime would not wash; the fat was in the firs. .He again emerges from his home with a frown on his majestic brow, and resolition in his face. He goes boldly now to the same pub,: and treats resolution. The general pablic, i.e., those who are not intimately connected with commerce and dealings with ships, charters, con signees, -consignnents, insurances, whar fagecharges, freightage, tare, tret, and other business befuddlements, often think the possession of a vessel a fine thing, and that the- easiest way to make money is to fill a ship with goods, send her somewhere, and sell the articles at a large profit. Alas, that they should have to be disillusioned; Lut it is not s6oby any means. ,?There are agents of all kinds who. hunger . after tho cheques of the Q.ner or charterer. There are inexorable oiicials who hold out their hands for tonnage rates and wharfage dues. There are underwriters who ask huge sums before they insure a ship, and, by the time a voyage is made and the profits are reaped, a moderate-sized vessel has cost her owner a goodly proportion of her gross value. We give an instance of this, supplied to us by a prominent merchantof Newcastle. A little vessel of 140 tons was chartered for a trip from the Clarence River to Greymouth, N.Z Her insurance alone coet £75. Then when she reached Greymouth, a charge of £25 for tonnage was levied, and the agents and others "collared" sums of .£23 15s £18 7s Gd, and £70 respectively, for services rendered, etc. Thus, before a penny of re turns was derived, the owner or charterer of the -vessel had to pay out over £200. All is not beer and.skittles with the mer chant. It was indeed (says a writer in Good Words) a comfort for any editor to have Trollope as a writer, for there was never any anxiety as to ".copy" being forthcoming at the appointed time. We remember the surprise we experienced when, on the "occasion of our first arranging with him for a story, he asked, "How many words do you wish ?" " On what day do you wish copy ?" was the next question. A jotting was then taken of the agreement, and it was observed by him to the letter. Such methods cannot but appear inconsistent with any preconceived notions of inspira tion, and as being too mechanical for the accomplishment of the beet work. Yet we believe it had no such trammelling in. fluence on Trollope, whose temperament was such that he could reach his highest power whlher he was flying in an express train or being pitched about in a steamer in a gale. With uuflinching regularity and decision, he could concealtrate his mind on his allotted task-sometimes even timing himself with his watch for the production of so many words in so many minutes. We fully believe this (just to oblige Trol lope's ghost). It has been exemplified in our own case thousands of limes. Some of our mostbrilliantleadingarticles whichhave shaken Europe to its centre, and filled the bars of all the London public-houses with thirsty patriots, have been written under most trying circumstances. One blood curdling stinger was dashed off, while our landlady was howling at the bed-room door waiting for the rent, the sher;fe' oflicers in the passage, and our credit at the corner pub reduced to an unknown quantity. All hope had fled. TIhe female raved, the men below bawled up the stairs, and the soot came down the chimney, but we wrote calmly on. Talk about being pitched to and fro in a gale; and writing to order all the time. Why.we have breasted the waves of the mighty Pacific in a bell-topper, and written poetry in the lee scuppers, rather than be half a second Lehind time with our two million words l We are under engagement now to have an article "On Slops," not to contain less than 820,273& words, ready by 1 o'clock on Feb. 29, 1899; and we are open to bet our bottom dollar that we shall be seen walking into the editor's smoky den exactly as the gun fires. Tony Trollope was always going on about our " blowing," but we're blowed if some of his friends don't know how to blow a pretty stiff hurricane about him now he is shuffled off. They'll se-ve us the same some day! Ahem I 