The Adelaide City Mission. THE great cities of the present day liave developed a special form of misery and wretchedness in a section of their population. The loneliness of the great city is something ten times worse than the lonelineBB of the desert, and to be an "outcast" amidst the crowd is worse to bear than a forced isolation from our fellows. By some mysterious law, misery has a direct tendency to gravitate towards the greatest centres of population, and there congests into a solid mass of pauperism, ignorance, irrcligion, and vice. How difficult it is to operate on this mass of stolid indifference bj ordinary Christian methods is the common experience of all the churches. The fact that churches have been built and their doors thrown open to all comers has been found quite ineffective to draw the poorest and most needy of our population to the services of worship. They would, in many cases, be startled to find themselves in a brilliantly lighted church with matted floor and richly-dressed congregation, and would wish themselves out on the streets again. Much as we may desire to discountenance all social distinctions in the exercises of worship, there is a certain class who could not, at once, feel drawn towards an assembly with which they felt out of harmony in social surroundings. If drawn at all, it must be by the warmth of personal contact and sympathy, and to a place of meeting that does not present so glaring a con- trast to their own wretched homes, and where the worshippers are more like thoBe of their own class in life. A recognition of this want has led to the establishment of " City Missions" in most cities and large towns of the United Kingdom and America. These have already proved one of the best means of reaching the neglected portions of the community and have perhaps done more than any other special agency in arresting crime, and lessening the worst forms of distress in city life. The idea which is sometimes held by those at a distance that there are no poor people in Australia, and that this city of Adelaide is a most " decorous" and " religious " city—are each likely to be dispelled by a closer acquaintance. It would be a pity if a young city like Adelaide, with its comparatively small population, and large extent of surrounding country unoccupied, should present anything like the squalid misery of the cities of the Old World. But there is poverty, cases of genuine hardships, and more than enough of immorality oven in Adelaide to open out a wide field for charitable and evangelistic effort of a special kind. To this work the Adelaide city mission has devoted its energies during the last seventeen years, and with no little success. The public services which are held in the Mission Hall on Sabbath and Tuesday evenings are attended by great numbers of those who have been visited at their homes by the missionaries, and drawn out to the services of public worship. These number often as many as 180 on Sundays, and about fifty on week evenings. The Sunday-school has been made up in a similar manner from those who attend no place of worship, and the average attendance of scholars amounts to 130. An early free breakfast on Sundays, given every fortnight in the hall, lias been a means of doing much good, and has been attended at times by 100 poor people, who have stayed to a short religious service after the meal. Amongst the associated organizations of the mission may be mentioned a Mothers' Meeting which is held regularly in the hall, when often as many as seventy-five mothers gather together, where they are assisted to make and mend the clothes required for their families. They are even supplied at times with what is needed at cost price, the things being paid for in small amounts, or they receive at a nominal price reconstructed garments from left-off-wearing apparel. Whilst mothers are thus being taught economy and how to make the best of old materials, the time is improved by some one reading to interest the workers. The money made by this method goes back to the poor persons in contributions of blankets and small sums of money to help them through the winter. The Dorcas Society works with similar objects, no fewer than 184 families having been supplied during the year with clothing. It is dependent on the gratuitous labour of a few ladies, who, last year, spent £30 in buying material to work up, besides altering cast-off clothing. These things are done quietly and without much ostentation, but they mean comfort and good cheer in the homes of many a 6ick and destitute person. The Chinese class is a comparatively new and interesting feature of the City Mission work. During six months Mr. Manson was entirely set apart for this work. It is now carried on by voluntary workers. The class meets three evenings a week, and as many as fourteen Chinamen are often present. For this number it requires about six or eight teachers, as experience has shown that the work cannot be effectively done unless there is a teacher to about every two Chinamen. The instruction includes reading, writing, and religious teaching. Several are regular attendants at the Mission Hall services. This is an important branch of evangelistic work, and one that no other agency in the city concerns itself in. The paid agents, Messrs. Berry and Jar vis and Miss Green, are assiduous in their daily house to house visitation, as also in paying periodical visits to the stockade, the gaol, the hospital, and the asylum. Many cases of religious awakenment and moral reform are traceable to such influence as the missionaries bring to bear upon the fallen. We are sorry to find so excellent an institution short of funds. The financial year closed in August, with a debit balance of £40. This has now grown to a deficiency of £200. This is, undoubtedly, the dullest time of the year for funds, but the salaries must be paid, and other expenses met, so that the present debt is considerable. When times are bad, and money difficult to raise for religious purposes, then is the time that the City Mission has the greatest call upon its resources by the increase of destitution in the class among whom it chiefly labours. There are some churches who do comparatively little for this object. A collection once a year would be a great boon to this useful institution. It exists in the interests of all the churches. The missionaries are ever seeking out the lapsed members of the various denominations, and seek a restoration of these lost sheep to the fold from which they have strayed. It fills a place altogether distinct from the mission work of individual churches, and ought to receive the support of all, whether they have such a denominational agency or not. We trust that this good work will not be hindered or curtailed through a falling off of funds. It will only require that the case be fairly placed before the religious public to awaken a response that shall more than clear off the present liabilities. THE PABTOBATE OF THE COIXEGS PARK CONGRE- GATIONAL CHUBCH, rendered vacant by the decease of the late respected Rev. Frederick Searle, has now, we understand, been accepted by the Rev. J. Reed Glasson, who recently arrived in the colony from Manchester. During a month's ministrations in College Park Church, Mr. Glasson has created the best impressions by his earnest addresses, as well as by personal contact with the members of the congregation. The unanimity with which he has been invited to the pastorate is a favourable forecast as to the future relations of church and pastor. The church is a large and commodious building, and designed for further extension in the popular suburb of St. Peter's. It is to be hoped that the important event which has taken place this week in the history of the church will be a fruitful means of enlarging the spiritual usefulness and success of the church in this locality. YOUNG WOMEN' s CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.—This institution lias now been fairly started. The inaugural meeting having been held on Tuesday evening last. The object of the Association will be to exercise a Christian cave over such of the young women of the cityEIS can be brought within its influence. The work of the Association will be divided into three departments. One will attend to the social, another to the educational, and a third to the religious welfarejof young women. Homes will be found for such as need them, the sick and stranger will be cared for, classes will be established in which the better informed will give instruction to others in the higher branches of education, and by prayer meetings and other services, the moral and religious needs of the members will be met. Temporary premises have been taken in Cawthorne's buildings, Franklin-street, near the Post Office, which have been fitted up as reading-room, cloak-room, lavatory, hall, &c.; We are glad the Association has been formed, and wish that its operations may be attended by abundant success. There are already nearly one hundred members. THE CHTJECH AND THE LAND QUESTION.—We have received from the South Australian Land Nationalization Society a lay sermon on the Land Question by Wm. Webster. We do not kuow who Mr. Webster is, but we will do him the justice to say that his sermon is, in many respects a very good one. We must however complain that his exegesis iB bad. His text is Matthew vi. 24-34, and from this passage he gathers that Jesus teaches the doctrine of Land Nationalization, Jesus exhorts men to seek the kingdom of God and His righteousness. According to Mr. Webster the kingdom of God is an earthly one, and consists of justice, equity, and fraternity. Such a kingdom is impossible so long as private property in land is permitted; therefore men are to seek to abolish private property in land, and then the kingdom of God will come. Now whatever may be the truth about land tenure, it is plain that our Lord does not refer to it in the above passage. Elsewhere Jesus says, " My kingdom is not of this world," and again, " The kingdom of God is within you," and in the Epistles we read " the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost," the kingdom of God is spiritual, not temporal, and consists of all who have been brought into a right relation to God. Mr. Webster's text is really an exhortation by Christ to His followers to be unworldly,—not to be anxious about property, but to be mainly anxious to got into a right relation to God, leaving the supply of their wants in the hands of Him who clothes the lily and feeds the ravens. Mr. Webster thinks the church should take up the Land Question, but the business of the church lies in another direction. Christ would not touch questions relating to the division of property. His business was to get men right with God, knowing that if this were accomplished their relations with each other would adjust themselves. The duty of the church lies in the same direction. The mission of the preacher is to all classes, and if he take sides with one class against another, on purely political questions his influence with half his constituency is gone. The true vocation of the preacher is to labour to bring men into right relations with God, and when this is accomplished they will naturally fall into right relations with each other. But until human selfishness is subdued, and men are taught to love God supremely and others equally, the settlement of the Land Question will not abolish the evils under which society groans, tbe only permanent cure for human wrongs and sorrows is the gospel of Jesus, and this it is the business of the church to proclaim. LAEIUKINISJI is undoubtedly becoming a very serious evil in our midst, and persons of this class are becoming a menace to law and order, and a terror to decent and respectable citizens. The causes of this evil are not very far to seek. One predisposing cause may be the character of our climate, which tends to foster a spirit of restlessness and levity; this fact should render parents especially careful in the training of their children. Another chief cause of larrikinism is the lack of parental control; it is generally from families in which this element is lacking that disorderly and unruly children proceed. Parents are not as careful as they should be about the books their children read, the companions they associate with, the houre they keep, and the amusements they indulge in ; and young people of both sexes left to their own devices are certain to go astray. Another cause is the high wages which mere boys and girls can earn in this community, which so quickly makes them their own masters, and renders them independent of their parents. Can anything be done to strike at the sources of this evil so as to lessen the ever-increasing volume of the stream of dissolute youth which is flooding and polluting society ? We believe the establishment of good mission schools in low neighbourhoods would have a good effect, and we also think something might be done by Christian ladies for those who are beyond the reach of other agencies. The experiment is worth trying. Imprisonment and the lash may be necessary in some cases, but these, we fear, will only have the effect of hardening and embittering the minds of the victims and confirming them in a career of crime. A WARNING.—Our attention has been called to the fact that a little book, which is professedly a warning to young men, but which is reallyjdesigned to propagate the knowledge of a dangerous vice and to work upon the ignorance of lads and young men, is being surreptitiously circulated in this community. The copy, which has been sent to us, was found with four others at a railway crossing, and had evidently been thrown from a passing train. If this work were to fall into the hands of boys, it might do incalculable mischief ; and parents should be careful to examine the books or pamphlets which they may see their children reading. The book in question is evidently tbe advertisement of a disreputable medical firm and is intended to frighten young men into a secret consultation and the purchase of medicines at exorbitant prices. Young men unfortunately are too often uninstructed in the mysteries of their own nature and in too many cases are easily persuaded that that which is purely natural indicates a dangerous and alarming state of health. In most cases all that is needed is strict virtue, regular habits, cleanliness and physical exercise, and in more serious cases some respectable physician should be consulted. Let it be laid down as an axiom that respectable physicians do not advertise. We much regret that some journals lend themBelveB to the circulation of the advertisements of quack physicians of the above type. Newspapers con* taming such announcements are not fit to enter any home or to be read by lads or young men. 