X f j g ? 6 - ~*' F "EDITED HOTUER- .. , ( — , . j hSoei by BO . handsome silver * • on the cnue in the drawing- room, after fig .f? carried out the provisions of toy will one of whioh was that my remains Were to be ere- mated, which he had done, despite my daughter's prayers. The circumstanae of myashes. being captured by burglars wae as follows: There were .two of them, and they came into the drawing-room, about three Ji c^'ih^^/ the morning, through the windbw^'to which ' was attached the "patent burglar alarip." Flashing their dark lantern hither and thither, t^p'a'aye presently fell npon.the urn/T- A rapid examination convinced them^hatjpit was valuable, and, without a word, theytratikferred it. to a sack which one of them c^rricd. After rifling ahe house torn etUag^ftg^mi tUey departed, and in a dingy attfc, IbO&ft;^a in an obscurc quarter of the town, began a division of their spoil. When they came tho urn they were puzzled for a moment. " Wot kind o' swag's this, cul?" said one ot - them, holding the urn up to the light. " Looks like a vase or a milk pitcher or somethin 1 ," said the other. " Milk pitcher yer gran'mother," scornfully replied the first speaker; "I don't b'lieveye know a milk pitcher from a horse oollar. Where'd ye ever see a milk pitcher 'ith a look on it like ?" and the burglar turned the padlock toward his compauion. As he did so the inscription caught Jiis eye. "Hullo 1" he exclaimed. "Why,Bill,it's graveyard—ef it ain't d n me.' " A wot ?" cried the second burglar, leaning forward, his eyes sparkling with surprise and incredulity. " A graveyard 1" repeated the other burglar; a stiff-kit—a little private cemetery. Here it is on the door plate, 1 Sacred to the mem'ry o' Missis Matilda Lambert, who departed this life April nineteenth, eighteen eighty-one.' Can't ye read. It's one o' them ash barrels ye hear tell of. People wot's a little off their nuts, an' don't want to go to the boneyard, gits burned, and they put their 1 remains' in wot you'd call a milk pitcher." " The h 1 ye eay. But are them ' remains' valu'ble swag ? Ken ye sell 'em to the fence?" inquired the less- informed burglar. " Sell 'em to the fencc be hanged," contemptuously replied the other; "wot udthe fence want of them, I'd like to hnow? Not much; but they're valu'ble all tbe same. Jest you wait a day or two, an' look at the advertisements in the paper w'ile yer a waitin'. Ef ye don't see a piece in the paper offerin'' a lib'ral reward' fur the return of a vase or a milk pitcher,' es you'd call it, an' ' no questions asked,' I hope I may git seven stretches afore I'm a week older. We ken melt down the ' milk pitcher' though; we ken sell that to the fence. It's the genooine stuff, or I'm a white head. Here, Bill, hand me that lard can, and we'll dump the 1 remains' into it, to be kep' 'til called for; 1 no use to anybody but tho owner.' Nice bizness fur two snoozers like us to be in—robbin' graveyards ? I see by the door plate she waB fifty-seven years old. Nice old lady, I spose, an her bereaved fBm'ly won't mind plankin' down right han'- some to git her back agin. Wonder ef her ghost's fiickerin round this boodwah jest now." The burglar who held the lard can into which my ashes were being " dumped" trembled perceptibly, and threw a hasty, apprehensive glance around as if fearing the approach of my angry spirit. His companion noticed his agitation, and with a scornful smile remarked : " Well, ef yon ain't the wust, Bill—yer a funk." Then, with a few light taps on the bottom of the urn to detach any adhesive grains that might be clinging to the receptacle, he laid it aside with, " There, ol' lady; you'll keep, I guess, 'til yer called fur. Put her in the pantry, Bill, an' cover her up 'ith that Bide o' bacon, so's the mice and cock* roaches won't git into her. She's a lady, Bill, an' we ought to treat the wimmen 'ith respect." As the burglar had predicted, my son-inlaw advertised for " a vase or urn," and the burglars replying through the "personal column" over the signature "Ashes," the negotiation vras soon concludcd, and in oon> sideration of the payment of $300 by "the party of the first part," the lard can containing my ashes was transferred to his residence. I will do my son-in-law the justice to say that he did not haggle over the ransom charged by the burglars. He even paid it cheerfully, and lost no time in procuring another urn as similar to the one that had been stolen as possible. This urn, however, was not displayed on the drawing-room mantle, and I was relieved from contact with my hateful " intimate friends " by being relegated to my daughter's dressing-room, the urn being con- Here my aBhes were comparatively Bafe from the vandal hands of vulgar burglars, but not from the ruthless mischief of my own fleBh and blood. One day while tbe family was occupied in another part of the house, my grandson, a little imp of Satan—a child five years of age—crept into tbe room, unconcealibg ff^Mr ^^^(IJJj^jirn, and. to the back yard, where, with water and a broken stick, he mixed about half of the contents of the urn into mud pies. Great heavens —just think of it 1 The ashes of a dignified, respectable old lady converted by a young scoundrel into mud pies 1—and the ashes of his own grandmother, too 1 Instinct should have taught him reverence for the dust of one but for whom he would never have had an existence. But this was not the worst of it. A handful or more of my ashes remained in the urn, and the child, beginning to realize that he was committing a domestic felony, became frightened, and picking up the nrU| started back to the dressing-room with i£ Passing through the dining-room, the castor on the dining-table caught his eye, and another brilliant idea struck him. He emptied the pepper bottle into the fire-place and filled it again from the urn. He performed the same operation with the salt dishes, and then distributed my remaining ashes in the vinegar and oil cruets and the mustard bottle. Having thus disposed of my remains, he re« turned the urn to the cabinet and awaited developments. They came at the dinnertable that afternoon. " Matilda," said my son-in-law, " this is the queerest tasting popper I ever saw in my life." " What, my dear, what does it taste like ? " inquired my daughter. " Like old dried hones, as far as I can make out," replied her husband. "And themustard has the same taste. Looks as if somebody had been emptying the pepper into the mustard bottle—it's full of little gray particles ; and there's a sediment in tbe vinegar cruet, and—just taste that salt, Matilda." My daughter touched her tongue to my asbes and averted her face in disgust. " Why, Alfred I " she exclaimed, " what can it be? " "I'll tell you, Matilda; it's some of our young hopeful's work, that's what it is. Coma here, you young rascal. What have you been putting into the pepper bottle, Alfred. Speak up now, and no lying. If you tell me a Iiertl whip you within an inch of your life." boy burst into tears, and for a time n threats nor expostulations had anv™ 6 ®' upon him. At last, on a promise. . traln 6£ should have a new drum and ' " steam oars," he blurted out: " It's gran'ma." " Grandma I " cried K pirents simul tancously. " Yes, her mud.", . .tie plot was thickening, " Her mud 1' 1 over that household. Mystery W t]mt ^ ^ ^ lou ^gran'ma, up in the jampot in J 3 ! 00 A sbriU ahri6k ?" resounded ma^h the house, and my daughter fell tating to the floor. With a frightful oath oy son-in-law rushed into his wife's dressine' room, tore open the cabinet, hastily unlocked the urn, and found it-empty. He reeled against the wall, one hand pressed convulsively against his brow, the other clutehinc the urn, at whioh he stared like a maniao. As he Slowly sank to the floor, his limbs trembling with horror, I heard him gurcle h b rat.bpr rather t.bftn than mnlfn.. mutter: " My God 1 my God 1 I've eaten my mother, m law. 13\. H. C., in the Argonaut. 353. 