CHAPTER X. THE PUESTJIT. The day before the meeting between Ed monds and Johnson, Mr. Borneo GufB.es sat before a bright fire in the Albany Chambers, with an open book on his knees. The book was one of that romantic individual's favo rite " blood-cardlers "—being indeed no less a work than "The Sydney Scalp Seekers"—a fiction much admired in reading circles at home. It is true that the author—evolving his ideas of Australia from the depths of his moral consciousness, as the German did his description of a camel—had made the abori gines talk, think, and act precisely like Feni more Cooper's equally impossible Bed Indians. He had also pictured Sydney as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by dense forests, and painted, howling savages; had treated his readers to bison hunts on the Murray in summer time, and otherwise manifested his supreme knowledge of the " fifth quarter of the world." But it passed muster with the gullible British public, seeing that it bore the mint- mark of an eminent publishing firm in itondon. " Dreadful creatures 1" soliloquised Mr. Gufiles, as he finished the last page with a sigh of regret. " Poor Sir Frederick—what he must be suffering among those savages! It's two mails since a letter came—I hope his scalp doesn't decorate the wigwam of some Sydney warrior. Or perhaps he's fallen in love with some bright-eyed forest maiden— another case of Inkle and Yarico. Only for the danger, I wish I had gone. There must be some regular genuine sensations out there." _ Mr. GufB.es must have been a very exor bitant man if he wished for a greater sensa tion than he experienced when, just as he had finished his soliloquy, the door was thrown open, and Falkland entered, followed by Curzon, Fowler, and the detective, while the grinning face of Tom Grist brought up the reai.: "Angels and ministers of grace—I mean welcome, Sir Frederick, welcome from the land of bandits and ferocities 1" exclaimed Mr. Guffles, with eyes distended to their fullest extent. " Don't be a fool, Guffles," said Falkland, smiling. " Help this young man in with the luggage, and then take this telegram to the office. It is to go immediately. Take this young fellow with you when yon go—he is an Australian, and London sights will amuse him." Mr. Guffles, assisted by Tom Grist, went to the cab. The romantic Borneo could not keep his eyes off Tom. "Me help you carry him portmanteau, twiggy vous ?" said Mr. Guffles, who muttered to himself, " Why, he ain't very red for an Indian. I suppose he understands English." " This is one of their foreign flunkeys I've heard new chums talk about," soliloquised Tom. " Well, I never did try to talk their lingo, but I dare say I can." With this re flection, he replied: "S'pose you grabbeethat handle, matee; shovee it up soee on my shoulder; me walkee him along all same piecey feather, you sabee." "That's done it," thought Tom, with conscious pride at the success of his efforts, as Guffles complied with the request. " I could always talk to the Chinese cook on the station better nor anyone else; and it's plain all these foreign chaps has the same yabber." The luggage was soon brought in, and then Mr. Guffles, beckoning to Tom, said, " You comee now, me take you see what yon stare at—such funny tings." " What are you talking that gibberish for ?" asked Falkland, angrily turning round; while the detective, who instantly realised the situation, burst into a roar of laughter. "Beg pardon, Sir Frederick," said Mi. Guffles, mincingly, " but this Australian— hem—this Australian Indian only speaks broken English, and so—" This was too much for the rest of the party, who burst into perfect fits of laughter; Tom Grist louder than any. " Why, confound you," said Falkland, when he could speak; "the Australian Indian, as you call him, speaks English as well as yourself—better, perhaps." "I beg the—hem—young man's pardon," said Guffles," I took him for a child of the forest; and really, hedoes speak very queerly, begging yours, Sir Frederick." " And hang me if I didn't take you for a Frenchy, and spoke the lingo to accommodate you 1" replied Tom. "There, there, go along—both of you— there will be a better understanding between you when you come back," said FaMand. Mr. Guffles led the way, followed by Tom, who pulled out his pipe and lit it as he walked along. " Dear me, this is awful," said the refined I Mr. Guffles. "Are there any streets in Aus | tralia, young man?" "One or two," replied Tom, composedly. " And do the people there—the civilised people, I mean—smoke pipes in them ?" con tinued Mr. Guffles. Tom stared at him for a moment, then winked. " I'm not on, mate," he said, " you don't get a rise out of me." Compelled to endure the infliction, Mr. Guffles turned the conversation. " I suppose you wera taught English' at an early age ? " he asked. " Pretty fair," replied Tom. " Somewhere about when I learnt to speak. They didn't try it or before, you see, because they fancied it might be waste of time." " Then your father was not a warrior— perhaps, a great man among his people—and you were not born in the forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose ? " said Mr. Guffles, his romance fast departing. "I was born on the Hawkesbury," said Tom. " As to nay father being a great man, and a warrior, as you call it, he stood six foot four in bis socks, and could belt any chap on the river. As to cradling, mate, I never took a turn at the diggings. I was brought up on a station." Mr. Guffles7 ideas had by this time received a severe shock. But he resolved to make one more effort, and so he said: " Are you partial to firewater ? " " Do you mean rum ? " asked Tom. " No, I can't say I am; but I could tackle a pint of stringy if it was in my way now." Ascertaining that "stringy" was colonial for beer, Mr. Guffles forthwith entered a tavern and ordered a pint, contenting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insisted on " shouting " another, and this had the effect of rendering Mr. Guffles so loquacious that he soon put Tom in possession of his crude no tions respecting Australia. The keynote once given, the mischievous stockman treated his new friend to such an astounding mixture of romance and reality, of the sanguinary kind, that Guffles was in a state of gasping admi ration all the evening, and went to bed to enjoy what he was wont to style " a delicious nightmare." Next day Tom was sent to the station with Guffles for the remainder of the luggage, and returned in a high state of excitement. " I've seen him, boss, I've seen him 1" he exclaimed, rushing into the room where Falkland and his friends were seated. The detective was out, renewing his acquaintance with his old tator, John Forrester. " Seen whom ? " asked Fowler. " The new chum tramp!" returned Tom. " The chap as jcome to Nundle the night Mr. Curzon was shot. Such a larkl He was with another chap, and he and his mate was both dressed like parsons, with black rigs-out and white chokers. But I spotted him right off, and dodged him. When I heard him speak, I was sure of him." "And what did he say—where is he?" asked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex citement had produced a similar effect. " Why, I should say he is far enough off by this time," replied Tom. " It was way, you see. While we—Guffles and me—was coming along on the cab from that railway station—Waterloo Bridge you call it, I think —I saw this cove's ugly mug. He was walk ing along that street that's about as long as George-street and Parramatta-street put together." " You mean the Strand," said Fowler. " Go on, never mind description." " Well, I jumped off the box, and followed close behind 'em," continued Tom. " They didn't notice me, why should they? Then the swagman as was turns to his mate and says, 'We've got half-an-hour to catch the Paddington train. To - morrow morning Falkland's intended bride will be the bride of death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and came here like a redshank.") Falkland turned white to the lips, and was about to rush out of the room, when Fowler seized his arm. "Be calm," he said, " be calm, and leave your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast cab immediately—or two rather. Promise the men a sovereign each if they use their best speed. Mr. Curzon, stay with your friend. I will have all ready by the time the cabs come." When Tom returned with the vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, snd a small case under his arm. "Jump in," he said, to Falkland, "Mr. Curzon, you follow with Tom. We can talk when we reach the station." Away whirled the cabs, at a pace far above that allowed by the regulations. " Never mind your number being taken," Fowler shouted through the little trap in the roof to the driver. " A ten pound note will cover all. I will give you twenty. Drive as fast as you can—it is a case of life and death.'' Various futile efforts were made by aston ished policemen to arrest their progress, but in vain. At length the panting horses drew up in front of the station, and the party sprang out Falkland and Fowler immediately rushed into the telegraph office, followed by Curzon and Tom Grist. "A form, quick," said Falkland to the clerk. "Where is the message for, Sir," asked the clerk. " Exeter, quick, man, I say," and Falkland stamped his foot in his impatience. "Very sorry, sir," replied the clerk, with exasperating coolness; " but you can get no message through to-night. There's been an accident to the wires, and it will take some hours to find it out and repair it, for there has been a very heavy fall of snow down the line." " Where is the station-master ? " asked Fowler, seeing that Falkland was utterly over come by this last blow. "I must see hiwi immediately." The official was brought, and Fowler ex plained that a murder had been planned, and that in the absence of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe must ensue. " Very sorry, sir," replied the man," but I don't see what can be done. I can't grant a special train, without authorisation from a director. And by Jove, Sir, here comes one." Aportly gentleman bustled up to the station master, with an air of importance. " Beg pardon, Sir George," said the official,'' but these gentlemen are in a dreadful predica ment." And he related the circumstances. " Dear me, dear me," exclaimed the director, "shocking, shocking 1 The only thing you can do is to hire a special train, and that will be expensive, fifty pounds at least." " I will give fifty times the amount to reach Falkland Court to-night," exclaimed Falk land, vehemently. " Eh, what 1 Falkland Court I Why, bless me, who is it they are going to murder at Falkland Court ? " " My cousin Rose," said Falkland, in a choking voice, " my dear, dear Rose, and I, great Heaven, stand here helpless as a child I" " Calm yourself, Sir Frederick, all will be arranged," exclaimed Fowler, soothingly. " Sir Frederick, is it possible you are the nephew of my poor old friend Ralph?" said the director. " To be sure, of course you are; I recognise the likeness. Here, Thomas, a special train directly, and tell them to send the best and most careful men in the shed with it." The kind-hearted old gentleman bustled about, and the magic of his presence proved very effective. In half-an-hour a powerful engine and tender, drawing one carriage, started off at a speed of fifty miles an hour. Fowler looked at his watch, and made a mental calculation. " It -will be a near thing," he said. " If w2 can keep up this pace we shall reach Exeter a few minutes after the train in which those scoundrels are. Let us hope for the best." He unlocked the case which he carried, and took out several revolvers. Handing one to each of the party, he said, " There is no time for trifling now. Shoot him like a dog if he offers the least resistance." Falkland said nothing, but there was a glitter in his eyes as he grasped the weapon and thrust it into his breast pocket that spoke volumes. Tom Grist quietly tucked the revolver into his belt, and winked. " I swore I'd fetch that raddle-faced chap," he muttered to himself, " and if it comes to shooting I rather think I'll be among 'em." Curzon, who still wore his arm in a sling, had insisted on accompanying them; and he, too, mentally avowed to do his best if it came to a struggle. The journey was a very silent one, for, with the exception of Tom Grist, each man was haunted by a dreadful fear, which he shrank from disclosing, that they might be too late after all. Tom Grist looked out of the window, the view being a novel one to him. There had been a very heavy fall of snow, and the country was one sheet of white. The roofs of the houses as they dashed through the stations and towns on the route were heavily laden with snow. The trees in the open looked like sheeted ghosts looming through the murky night. The monotonous rattle of the engine, the regular clank of the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as he sank back in a slumber, from which he was not roused until the train stopped. Then he found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland excitedly questioning the stationmaster. "In half-an-hour ago, sir. Your special had to slacken the last fifty miles, for the fresh fall has almost blocked the line. Horses ? Well, I daresay you can get them at the Bull. George, run up and order saddle horses—for how many?—four saddle horses immediately. The gentlemen will be there before they are ready. Bad weather for travelling, sir." Hurrying to the Bull, they learnt that only three horses were available; the remaining two having been engaged by two persons who arrived in the regular down train. Not a word was spoken as they waited. An awful sense of an'impending calamity over hung the whole party. It seemed tacitly understood that Curzon, as the least useful of the party, owing to his useless arm, should remain behind. He grasped his friend's hand as the horses were brought out, and said in a low voice, " God bless you, my dear Falk land ; may you be in time 1" On, on, fetlock deep in snow they dashed, the steam from the horses enveloping them in a haze. The glare from the snow gave sufficient light to show the road, even if Falkland had not known it so well. Tom Grist kept a few paces in the rear—not that he was worse mounted or inferior in horse manship to £his companions. On the con trary, it was his infinite superiority in both respects that dictated the course he was pur suing. Falkland and Fowler dashed along at the top of their speed; up hill and down dale alike. It's no good talking to them chaps, seeing the state of mind they're in," said Tom to himself. " But if them mokes ain't bust afore they gets to the end of their journey call me a new chum. Now, this ain't a bad bit of staff I've got across, and I've nursed him up the pinches. It strikes me that when we gets that long avenue the swell cove as owns it spoke about, I shall spreadeagle 'em." Tom's anticipation proved correct. When they reached the lodge the horses of Falkland and Fowler were thoroughly blown. Both shouted as loud as they could, and the lodge keeper, half asleep, put his head out of the window to ask what was the matter. While Falkland was calling to him to open the gate, there was a rush, a dark form rose in the air, and with a shout of " Follow my leader," Tom Grist had cleared the park walls, and was tearing up the avenue, taking all he knew out of his horse now that the road lay clear before him. Fulling up the animal at the flight of stone steps, his quick eye detected an open window. Drawing his revolver, he entered through the opening, and walked cautiously across the room. Trained by his long experience in the bush, Tom's sight was like a cat's, aud listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in the direction of the grand staircase. As he stole along he heard the faint sound of approach ing horses. Then he knewthat his friends were at hand, and cocking the revolver, he pro ceeded, muttering, " I've got the lead, and I'll keep it. They're here, or the window wouldn't be open. I'll have the first shot for the honor of Australia. And if I don't put a set like a new chum's bundle on that raddle-faced chap, may I never skin another 'possum 1" (To be Continued.) 