LA.TEST FOREIGN CLIPPINGS. The Prince of Wales, attended by Lord Harrington, and Dr. Buchanan, visited somo of the poorest and wo-st courts in St Pancrm and Holbor 1 tho other day.J a-3V^S^ ' ^£0^£ Lord Tennyson hat n ;t a* yet taken his seat as a Peer of the Healin The noble lard's, nbes were prepared ia dud course and were made up in a parcel for transmission to th' House of Jj^rds, but hive not yes rfacaed I heir destination'. ThopJico are endeavouring tinndthem. The Duke of Albany took part in an amateur o.inoert at Eaher repantlv, in aid of the fuuda of the village National Schouls His Royal Highut'ss sang Clay's ''Tha Saud^of IWwiih gri'at effeot, and in re-pous.- to a vigorous encore siug anotht-r song Tho coucert was a gr. at success, large numbers being unable to giin adtnisu n. The frmcees JTroderica of ilanovjr waa prejont, and mjst of the gentry of tin neighbourhood. Aru'eshock to spirit uilUm has just been given in Vionna It appears that two Austrian arcl:dule», having nolhltig particular to d', amusol themselves and a select party uf friends tha other ere nine, by unmisking a spiritualist menium. wnne me a-jgu9r- company was shuddering at the apparition of a blue ghost, the doors were suddenly olosed und the gaj turned on, showing thi uncanny spectra to be no other than the me.iium himself. 'Ihe Oiipture of a thief under very exceptioual oiroum tauces is reported from Paris He con trivi d to gain admission into a set of chamber, during the ubaenca of the Uwful occupant, and proceeded to lay hixndd oa uvorything of value ho couhl Had. In the midst of this opeiationit oconried to him that his wardr.bo wae in urgent need of renewal, and he therefore took off his clothes with a view of replacing them by others he found in the room. Scarcely, however, Lai h« reduced himself to the garb of primitive man, when he heard a step out «ido, and promptly hid himself under tha bed. -omoono entered the room, and Ihe thief lay noiseless for Beverul minutes. At length the new o mier departed, and he ventured to loivo his hiding pUce Bu; much to his. disgust hn discovered thit the visitor had been a gentleman in his own way of buniness. for not only was every thing in the chambers oirried olf, but even his own suit of clothes had dis appeared ! He was therefore compelled to, ?wait tho return ? of the owner of the property who at once handed him over to the police. Her Mijesty'a Government have decided to withhold t eir compliance with the request put forward by Sir ?'velyn Wood on behalf of the *g\ptiau army, that a detail from it should be allowed to take part in the expedition for the relief of Tokar. A requrst of this nsluro was to be expected from an officer of bo fine a soldierly spirit, and we may be assured that tho Government wauld have had pleasure in acceding to it, hid the foro of the rea ons on tho other side not been strong The dofloilo ground of the rofusal is understood to hava bo.n that the army of whi h Sir iJvolyn Wood is tho commander, to organise and improve whioh ho hm laboured bo as idujusiy, and in whose ability to do its If oredit in the face of an eno r y he has tho confid.mc.-e which iikn ojuU have warranted hi i request, was raised expressly fjr tho defence of Kgypt proper, uud with tho explicit exclusion of the doudau. 'I hof 'Ho wing teldv'Mm has appeared in a recent, iiisue of the Official Messenger It ie adlreBSjd to tho Emperor by General Komiroff, command ing oa the other *i-ie of tho Onspian Sim, and is ilated AskabaJ, January 31 (Fobruaty 13) : — 'I have the happiniBB most humbly to inform your Majo.-ty tint ti-d«y, at Askabad, th« K'mna of the four trib a of the Morv Tokkos, aud twenty. four Plenipotentiaries elected, one for overy two thousand Eibitkus, unconditionally sub i.itt-d the riB^lvea to your Maj-sty; Tliis thov confirmed by solouinlv swarin^ allegiance for tho'iuolvos and tho wliolo ptoplo of Merv. Tho Mcrv lurooraans worn driven to thU doeision, as tho Khins and Plenipotentiaries ufflrra, by tho recognition of tho fact that thoy aro unable to rule themselves, and that o ly the strong government of your Mujoitv can in troiluca und oitablish order and prosperity in Merv.' Tlioro is now only Afghanistan botwoon KiiPBia and I'dia. I ho Gjrman I'rojnia unani wud.ij oi j^iuivn thai the UfffS oC the un conditional submission of the four triboa of Morv Turcomans and forty- eight thousand Kibitkaj to the Qtvc will sound even worse in English cars than the defeats in tho Soudan. Ihe Tageolatt oonsidors that thii constitutes a romarkablo success on the p*rt of Bus-ian policy in Central leia, whioh is always dirooted against England. 'Should tho .Russians,' it- adds, 'again stand boforo Oonatantinople, the Kng lish would bo unablo to command them t- halt, as in 1878, rinco thoy havo now become the almost imm 'diate neighbours of British India, .and are in poiieuioa of a weapon by whioh they can at any moment disturb Northern India. Tho«o wild iruiiLior iribes ars always roidy to invade the rich India'i provinces if their rear bo well oovered ; aod this Kussia caa now guarantee.' The Eev. Henry Ward Beeoher, the viBitod the Canadian North-Wtst und speaking the othor day before the Brooklyn ((Tnited atatea) Academy of Slu-iio, mido the following reference lo ihe country : — ' It has been supposed, even up t} a very recent period, that the North- vVostern portion of our con tinent must ba given up to winter and to de solation. We have very fow American towns that can surpaBs Winnipeg, whother you view its business houses or the residences of its wealthy citizens I recognised hardly any where elso in tha West such magnificent houses and homes as are bo. n in that new ci*.y in the wilderness scarcely ton years old. All that I saw, all that I learnod, flllod me with surprise as well as gratification. One of the revelations made to me waa tho f.ct that inatead of this North-Western territory being a hiwling wilderness and a deaol .tion, it is the very paradise of wheat on i hia globe, and nowhere els» in our own land and nowhere elso abroad is there any such wheat field aa that which in cludes the terr.tjry on tha n rth and on the south of the great Canadian Pacific Railroad ' After a jo .rney rapid boyond expeota tion and ea ee-sful beyond hope, («ays the European Mail). General Gordon entered Khartoum on February 18 The whole country haa folljwed the Btng-9 of his dange oua adven-. ture with anxiely, and will learn the news of hia arrival with rejoicing. Enthus asm is a weak wo d by whioh to describe the manner in whioh he has been welcomed by the paople of Khartoum Thousands, w ? are told by the Times correspondent, crowded round him, and proceed to kisa his hands and his feet, calling mm quiiau ui iuo ouu luu, luvu&iug; uieosings on his head, and protesting that ha was m re to them than the Mihdi Addressing the people in words which rectll the language of some oid Hebrew deliverer and prophet, he said 'Ieomo without Boldiera, but with God on my aid), to r-dreBs the ovils of tho Soudan. I will not fight with any weapons but justice.' Then, coming at once to the grievance of grievances, tho wrong which more than all others has stung the patriotism of the Joudanese into revolt, ho declirad, 'There shall bo no more Bashi Bazouks.' Hia programme, than, ia simple It is to bo tbe reli.f of the people from th - burdens wnicn navo neeu ima upon tnein Dy a oorrupt and alien Q-jronnnont, and their liberation from 'the Tuns wi'h their hakshoosh and kourbash,' f r jm extorlionat . ofH sials tnd fro m plundering oporeaaan. Those are the first wor.ls th it tho naw dj'iiverer addressoa to his people ; aud they are both in ha-mony with h s charaot r a'id etaolly suited to t*e critioil situation G.merat Gordon knows well thit the .e people have much to co nplain of, aid that, if he is to win them to hia side, and to miko them frienda and not enemies to tho soldiers whom he has been cent to release, ho mut-t begin by ad nit'ing their grievances and promising a more thorough redress than they an find elsewhere 