VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. Saturday Evening. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) A race meeting wes held this afternoon, on the Caulfield course. The weather was all that could be desired, and a nice programme was put forward, but the attendance was only moderate. Sport commenced with ibe Hu'd'e Race, for which Meni was made a,hot favour ite, and ha won easily from Mueidora, w.bo was well fancied. The Gold Cup attracted a field of three consisting of -Fickle, Black Jacket, and Qilderoy. The two latter baulked and left Fickle the favourite to win as be liked. The Ladies' Trophy brought out a field of thirty one. St. was made a pot at three to one. The wiuber, however, turned up in the Ghost who came home as be liked. A horse of the same name won this event last year so that followers of coincidences fated well. Fifteen started for the steeple chase,' and Fame was thought to be a very good thing, but the finish was fought out be tween Stampede and Fickle, tbe farmer just getting home by a neck. Tbe last event of the day, tbe Richmond Handicap, fell to Black Diamond. The following are tbe details of the racing;— Hurdle Face. Mr J. Jones’ b g Hand, 6 j rs. lOsi (King) .. 1 Mr P. Kelly’s b g Concord, 6 yis. 9it Bin (Reedy) 2 Ur A. Taylor's b m Moaldura, 6 yrt, lost (M’Gowsn) ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 3 The following also started :—BUzeaway, Discount, Tantaliaer, Footman, and Midnight. The latest betting was—s to 2 agst Uerri, 3to 1 agst Uusidora, 4 to 1 agst Discount, and S to 1 agst the others. Tantaliaer was the first away, but Merri soon dashed to the front and rounded tbe turn, followed by Dis count, Uusidora, Tantalber, and Foot man. Tbe favourite had a lead of 20 lengths passing tbe stand, and although it was decreased, at the back, it was evidently only on sufferance. At tbe home turn Dis count dropped back, and Midnight went up third. Entering the straight Concord pushed through and got second place, tbe favourite winning easily by half a dozen lengths. Mid night was fourth, Footman fif'b, Discount sixth, Tentalieer seventh, and Blszeaway last. Time, 3 min. 374 sec > The Victoria Gold Cup. Ur O. Glasscock's b g Pickle, B yra, 12st Elb (Ur Glasscock) ~ ~ .. .. ..X The only other starters were Black Jacket and Qilderoy. Tbe latest betting was—Even about Fickle, 6 to 4 agst Black Jacket, aod 3 to 1 -agst Qilderoy. The race is easily de scribed. Qilderoy was the first away, followed by Fickle and Black Jacket. At the fence approaching tbe stand Black Jacket refused, and Qilderoy baulked at two jumps further on, Fickle then bad it all bis own way and finished, as he liked. Time, 5 min, 6 sec. Ladies' Tbopht. Miss Reid's ch g The Ghost, 6 yrs, 8 st 3 lb (Wil liams) .. .. .. ~ .. 1 Mrs W. Pearson’s ch g Primus, 5 yra, 7 st £ lb (Power) .. ~ ~ ~ ~ 2 Urs D. 8. Wallace’s g t Duenna, 8 yrs, 8 st Bib *!Bg|Q’Brten) _.. ~ ~ .. .. 3 The following also started—Bansnin. Squire, Countryman, St Lawrence, Stafford, Mistake, Precious Stone, Flenrette, Tumult, Insu lator, Hannibal, Liberator, B.ack Dia mond, Paillero, Middlemarch, Impulse, Polly, Leporello, Cupidon, Manifred, Caller Ou, Aimds, Honora, Wotonga, Tipting, Hatchet, Tellow Hammer, Brunatone and Berkeley. Tbe latest betting was 6to 1 agst St. Lawrence, 8 to 1 agst Middlemarch, 10 to 1 agst Duenna aod The Quoit. 13 to 1 sg>t Countryman and Cupidon, and 14 to 1 agst Stafford and Honora, From what could be seen of tbe start . Primus was tbe 'first sway .but was soon passed ,by Brim stone and Berkeley. .Countryman looked very prominent at the lime and they all closed then; once into tbe straight Tbe Qhostcsme awsy and being full of running won easily by a length and a-balf. Princess who came very fast at the finish gained second honours by a head from Duenna, then came Hiddlemarsh and Stafford, the rest being in a bunch. Time, 1 miii. 20 secs. ' ' Open Steeplechase, Ur A. Harper's b-g Stampede, aged. Sit 111 b (Melons) . ~ ' .. ~ ~ ..1 Mr G, Olaucock's b g Fickle, 6 yrs, 10 t 61b (M’Leod) .. - .. .. .. .. 2 Mr T. Jones’ b g Australian Court, 6 yis. XOst XOib (Butler) .. , ~ .. ~ 8 The following also started—Eatungs, Fame, Pride/ Deceiver, Tsnon, Starlight, Pilot, Ban-" yenoDg.Holrojd, Helpmate, Hands Dowd, and Doris. • .The latest betting was 7 to 4 agst Fame, 6 to 1 agst Fickle and Stampede, and 10;to 1 agst the others. A good stsit was effected. Tanco ran off and Fame, soon stopped, but they were got on their way. At the side thepoaitionswere Piide, Sti mpede.and Fickle. Pride,tjbeu led iuto the straight,, then came Starlight,Fickle, Tanco. Haoda Down, Katanga, Bsnyenong, Fame,' "Helpmate, and Doris, Fickle was at tbe headof affairs on Ibe bill, wheo Doria came down. - Stampede then went up and led along the’ back, to lowed by Ban yenong, Pickle, Sta’light, Fame, Australian Coartj Snd Kalnnga. At the and wall Stam pedewasstill leading, followed by Pride and Fame,. Pride soon afterwards dime down. Fickle now went up to Stampede, and the pair , led into the straight. ; Fickle aeemed to have 1 tbe beat of it; but Stampede'esme very gamely,- and won by a neck, after an exoiiingtttuggle. Australian Court, who madea good ruo,-waa third.: - Fame sod Deceiver - were close ■ up, fourth.’,’ Tiipe, 4 min. 81 sec. ."■ ; / f ■',. s. - Jbm Bicbhoed Handicap. .- Mr J. Pktsrsou's bl g.BUck .'Diamond, agtd, Tat - , ilk-., • .. - c.. '1 > Bon. W. Fsstsou’s cb g I'ltumiS ytf, 7«t Alb. : Urßi Gsrdinsr’a b I Lyons Lady, I yrs. Bat 101 b .. f 8 i The following also Slu'lao: —Bonlka, Bas lEnlo, Duenna, Lrsbia, Knrfoljr, /Regalator, Uproarious, . Kpbiooor, Impulse, Cupidon, Tellow Dimmer, sod Plato. The Islest betting pX'moDd»Jiotpafc.iLnd';wo'a-.ft*iJlj i by.».coi|pl,C: S; Tlu«iji«»ent bt6ugtit'the ;d»y'* ;*pbrt; to #, coDoluuoni io^A^fe ■ ■ .•li-iii'VuO^i 'iqi 