A NIGHT IN THE RED a UM INN. " Am I to close with a good thing H him it's natural to me, or am I note" humid Fred. Nagle, as he met in the parlour of the Red Gum Inn. " Am 1, through any false delicacy, going to throw away the chance of realising; the two in' at precious things time that, dull earth out place in the road of an ambitious man, namely, a wife treasure in itself? Surely not. Mrs. Munro, the mistress of this man is a well-made, well-cared-for woman. She's a bit up in yours, but is still omwidornbly froBh. Her properly is tidy, for who has most of it has the shearers made this last 12 years. I'm only a stockman, but I have parts, and could wear her will on my arm, and wear her money well in my pocket, also favours me. Why not strike \- out and try my luck The had Gum Inn was well known in the South Gregory district. It was a long irregular, wooden9stutoturo, purporting, with its surroundings, to accommodate man and boiiBl. Thu beasts that stayed there registered no complaints, and the men who knocked their cheques down Worosouiuingly satisfied, for they return and next time with joy on their faces and threw their " bits of paper" over the counter. Mrs. Malone was the model type of the successful Sarah landlady. She could give li police and take emu. LI or spirits were always high while men and money were about, and although she was no gioulaiiigor she would roll of! a couple of verses so as to awake octaves, and if there were it few fiiatidiuuB people whose enthusiasm her singing did not arouse thee i ha under captive by a display (of thoroughly linn dancing. She had had her trials, of course. Her dear Toni . had (gone out from the shanty after a littiO'domostio quarrel 10 years ago, and his swag was found in the Herbert a few HKintliB after. She recognised the swag, " and who, on Um rivw drying up, the sin luton of a dead body was found among the Mings, poor dear Tom's fate was a certainty, and the widow applied for and obtained administrative powers. Tin so who know Mrs. lVlivloi'O well were assured of her tenderness of heart, after after singing a more of coiiiicsongs, and dancing while there was a man to direct, aim went into her own room, carrying the cheques and the coin with her, and burst, into tears about the loss of poor dead Tom. ' "If I can get Tilda," continued Fred, "I'll sell the place out and go dunn Eolith. I'm at that time of life in which I could on joy society and something like civ lunn son. It's a new thing that a man like me must be caged up in a rut where even a parent thermometer can't stand the heat. Tilda!" " Yes, Mr. Nagle." "time you a newspaper anyway now I" " Yes, Mr. Nagle ; the coach passed this morning and left me one. Here it is." " No passengers ?" "Only two, and they went on. Indeed, Mr. Nagle. J in alone to-night, No one within miles of me but the gi run in the kitchen, and Joe, the waterman, Poor dear dead Tom." ' Fred reached for the paper, and in doing so managed to touch the fingers of ' the widow. " Now, 'I Kilda." he began, but just then a foot was heard on the verandah, and he dropped into a chair at the table and began to road. The widow went out. " This in the Red Gum Hotel ?" naked a voice pitched in a nasal do so. " Yes, sir," answered the widow ; "this as it." -was ' ' I can sit on your verandah for a while, ma'am I" asked the voice "(Jh, Surely" said the widow, heartily; "surely you can. Where are you camped ?" " Yonder," said the voice. "yonder. I want nothing from your, ma'am I don't want you to lose your time anything or talk- ing, in expectation of mo shouting. No ma'am. But I got tired among the bushes, and I wanted to come nearer, where people was. That is all. I'll wait for a while, if you'll let me, ma'am. Thom buBhcB is lonely. I like them in the day time, but they're lonely when its dark. There's no moon to-night, ma'am. Don't let me keep Yo. Yo have company, I'm sure." "Oh, my poor man," cried the widow, with sincerity, " You're welcome to what you want. Sit there as long as you like But if you should feel thirsty, call for anything you require. Don't think of money. That's not my way." " Kay off, ma'am, stay oil" !" cried the voice, still more annually, as the widow advanced. "Stay of!, ma'am. I want to be alone ; among civilisation, as it were, but taking no part in it. Stay off, ma'am." But while the stranger took his scat on the edge of the verandah, the widow, determined to know more of him, plumped herself down on the bench that ran along' by the door. ' j s, of' I 9 " ' This in what we, native Australians,' told the Imperial Parliament : We are attached to the empire by the most tender ties, but if British statesmen persist in throwing cold water on our affectionate impulses, the late may be rifled, the rhythmic pace of our loyalty may visit, our uffuc'Hin may be turned to disdain, our love to have d, and we may treat the visions over which we once fondly moaned as the day dreams of inexperienced d youth.' I'm reading," went on Free. "That is a leading article in a Melbourne paper. It's about something, but I only can think of the parts of it that bring out love and affection. It's plain Tilda doesn't care as much for me as I do for her. There who is, sitting there with some cKh;,oafor, and she knows I'm here with a newspaper. This should be her chance, if she was on." " You're going in, ma'am," said the nnBal voice on the verandah. '? Shut the door, ma'am, and good night," " Oh, Mr. Nagle," cried the widow, entering, "I know you were reading. It is such a treat to get a newspaper in the bush. I suppose you have run through it all." " Tilda," said Fred severely, " you know it was not a upon that brought me here. I have come a long way, and I expected you would be gladder to talk to me that you are." " Now, now, Fred," said the widow, softly, " do be reasonable. He's a strange old fellow, and I wanted to find out some thing about him. What were you read ing? It must have been very gloomy. Show in the passage "There it is," said Fred, pointing to on article, and walking out through the door. Be added to himself, "I'll show I'm not too hot, and can be careless as well as she can." Coming from the lighted room he could see nothing on the verandah. The night was really very dark. But he was aware of a hurried movement a few paces to the front, and stopping nearer he saw the old man sitting with his hands on his knees, and apparently lost in thought. " You're the tramp ?" asked Fred. " Yes," replied the old man, with a slow nasal drawl. "Yia." " Would you like a drink ?" "A drink? not to-night. I didn't come for that. I'm thinking. It's a grand thing to sit down near where there is people and to think." I don't see that," said Fred, going over to the bench at the door. You might as well be in the bush as sitting there morning by yourself." "No, no," cried the old man. "There's a- light - here, and-tho-sound-of Ch'istiau voices. The glorious blaze of the kerosene has! more human nature in it than them stars. Stars, is horrid cold. dWiak, wick, "i,,,,.,,-i i there they go, and you can't make yourself at home with them, however, to try. Many time I tried but they're far away, far away, and cold cold, and I could never run with them. They make you feel you're nobody, and as they travel up and down you can read in their unions that they don't care a button whether you live or die. Kerosene is kindlier, has a softer heart, and ye fool its more like verse'. You can make it burn low or blazed out as much as ye like. That brings the ton doi'M'BS out of a man. A" in no fools he has power with it. Anything a man has no power over, her own' warm to. It's so with them stars. I'm comfortable here. And then I hear the sound' of Christian voices. Moyho making.- love and maybe not, but they're away anyhow. There's nothing like that in the bush. The wind tells, of course, but is a good deal like the stars. Ye can't cotton to it, and you always feel it would whistle away just the same whether you always were dead or alive To be happy you must be near where human hearts is. This is a grand spot where I am now Fred was silent, not so much through listening to the old man as through thinking of the wind w. " There she is now," he mused, "poring over that old paper instead of asking me in and trying to-loud the talk round to the important j) int." Then, observing that the old man had a; sad into silence, he said aloud, "Were you were married?" I " Married v" asked the old man. "I know a man na wrs. I see him now in my mind's eye. Look, he Ink OB off his hat and rubs the top of his head. There is no hair there. When he puts on his hat you see a little hanging down about his ears. It is consulted and crafty and mixed with grey. That's all who bus got. She took the worst of it by degrees. Look at his eyes, they are sunken and rod. Wan ho weeping 1 italy ? Most likely, most likely. And you see his chin. It hangs down and leaves the month open, find his front teeth are gone, gone for over. When a man's chin hands that way it shows his nervous energy is exhausted. His is. And his trousers bag at the knees, and he doesn't stop, he Gliddon's. Why does he do that? Why does be not walk boMly onward, with the grand, proud saving of a m ii destined for immortality ? Why, indexed " Why ?" asked Fred. " Two years ago," continued the old man, " two years afore this time I'm talk- ing of, he wasn't that way. He was sitting, energetic, able, and hearty. His head was thatched with auburn tresses. His chin stuck up an inch and a half higher than now. His eyes can see his right eye from horse-hoe the eye of a lion, and DO WKS his left one, I'll' go bail. Hia trou ern did not bug, and he stepped, via, stopped. What made the change ? what made the change Ï Eli ?'' " What a" " He got married. Ah I" The widow round again for the twentieth time This is what we, native Australians, tell the Imperial Purlmmuut : We are attached to the umpire by the most tender ties, but if British statesmen persist in throwing cold water on our affectionate impulses, the late may be called, the rhythmic price of our loyalty may halt, our affection may be turned to disdain, our love to hatred, and we may treat the visions over which WOODOO fondly mooned OB the day-dreams of inexperienced youth." Thou, laying the paper aside, she continued : "That is a leading article about something, but I only can think of the parts of it that bring out love and affection. It's plain Fred, di can't cure as much for me as I do for _hiip!__"'".hero lie 18 sitting with that old To stir, and be knows I'm here with a now apop r. Here is his chance, if he was on." " You're going in, BOW," said the old man. " Shut the door, soft, and good night," "Tilden," said Fred, advancing to the table. " I know you were loading. It is such a treat to get a newspaper in the bush. I suppose you have run through it all." ' Mr Nagle," said the widow sadly, "you know I don't care so much for papers." And adding to horses", "I can be as cold as he is," sighed, and went out to the verandah. She heard hurried footsteps, but BOW no one. Going over, however, he found the old man motionless with his hands on his ko cos. I thought I board someone walking about," she said. " Did you, mean I" asked the stranger. "I often think that'. I often wakened up in the night and thought I heard the little twigs breaking and somebody travelling over to me. But it was nobody. Only excitement of the nerves, ma'am. Nothing more." . ' And what excites the nerves I" "Us, almost nothing Bomel times. Thinking about a woman '11 do it some- times." "And do you ever think about a wo- ' man ?" " Off and on off and on. Queer, how changeable a woman is ! One time she's young and handsome and sweet and graceful, and then she gives it all up." " But women can't help giving up being young and handsome, and the rest of it." " Right, ma'am, right. Mighty hard, I allow to hold back, from giving them up. Seems to me the only way in to die. But it is queer they don't got into the way of giving them up, throwing them away, trampling them underfoot all in a bunch as it were, until, until-" " Until whom I" " Until they get married." " Tildo," cried Fred, making up his mind to bring the matter to a conclusion. The widow leaped and answered with sudden gladness in her tone, " Yes, Fred, yos 1" "We're going in, ma'am," said the old and " Shut the door, ma'am, said good- night." " Tilda," said the young man, jumping to his foot, were unjust to each other. Each is trying to make the other give in Now, there's no need of that I'm sure you know what brought me over to night. I want a good serious talk with you. So bring in the bottles and let us sit down and discuss the future I'll be near morning before the moon rises, and I expect to ride away with-oh, Tilda ?" And he approached the widow with a playful look on his face. " Oh, Fred," sighed the widow, " I often said I'd never marry again. Poor door dead Tom comes back to my memory when I hear marriage spoken of. Poor dead Tom ! Poor dear dead Tom I" Fred had his hand on her shoulder, and, drawing her head to him, whispered, " Tildn, my own Tilda, we must forget the past, we must think only of the future." " Poor dear dead Tom, poor dear dead Tom !" sighed the widow, as she let her head fall on Fred's breast. J uat thou, through a chink in the side wall, a sharp, eager, voice whispered, I' Hi, theror Fred dropped in her chair as if he had been shot. The widow trembled and turned her back. The sound came from the outside. Two or three minutes passed and the silence was undisturbed "I thought I heard someone," Bald Fred in a low tone. " Yes, so did I," whispered the widow. "But could it be in the air? Several times to night I thought there was some one about. What could anybody be doing about there ?" Fred got up and walked out round the hoUse The old men was sitting on the edge of the verandah, and appeared to have now quite dazed oil, for his hands were folded on his breast and his head I AH I-I SVS Jail ' i hung down. There was nobody at all near the sidewalk, and the sound of heavy sheep came from the apartments of the girls and the waterman " It must have I come gust of wind," said Kroll, returning " Thorn's nobody about, and the old tramp it sleeping. The widow brought in a bottle of brandy and a 101 tie of wine, with glasses and a jug of water, and sat down at the opposite side of the la la " "Help yourself, Fred " _ . _" "Not likely," said Fred, until I have first helped my way "Frida. Now, now, you may lol 11,0 oill you that," and he hitched his chair a little nearer to born. t " Now just little Slip, ace, and as she lifted her glass from the t ny, he bent his lips to her forehead. 1 "Hi there? is there I" came from this chink.' r ' The glass fell from the widow's fingers, and the wine ran over the cloth. Fred looked at the chink, and walked over to examine it. It was mortifying opening between the 1 Blabs, over which 11 piece of an illustrated journal had been one time passed, but the paper was now t< an oil' and you could maori two fingers all the sporting. Fred put his eye to the I hole, but all was darkness He admits walked round the house, but found everything as before. " ; " It's atomic, Tilda. ho said "I was sure I' heard something 'that time. It 1 sounded ldvO ' H 1,1 there I'" 'That's how it Bounded to me, ton,'' said the widow., "It was like a whisper. I can't tell you how unmarried I am. As I longBBl'io been in this woman I never I heard anything like it bof re. Oh, Fred, I think I'll go into my room, and we can I talk about nings rome other night. I can't get poor dmr dead come out of my head " I " Nonsense, nonsense," declared Fred " As likely OR not it is the wind. I'll hang a coat over that chink, and keep the air heat," and coming back to the table he said, " There now. That stops it. Let us fill) our grass again. Cano." And he IT ugh his chair up alongside firm. "Now, Tilda," he continued, pouring I some brandy into a gas for himself, "do ! give me the word I've been so Ion,- want- ing. I know how you feel towards me, but you've never said the word. And there is always a gap until this word comes. D > say you will be my wife and everything will move Straight from that "No, no, Fred, sighed the widow. " Somehow f can't, I can't Poor dear dead Tom seems to look at me from his watery grave and tells me not. I can't I can't I know I i stout you over go in to oh, and I thought one time it would be as you wish, but when it comes to the point I can't, I can't. I will go down to the grave widow. Poor old Tom, poor dear dead Tom ! I was true to him living, and will be true to him dead." "Then, Tilda!" pleaded Fred. "Let the loud Ho. My heart is yours ; my heart and soul are yours. Surely you will not make my bidding vain. Do give me your hand. Let me lift your dear Jingera to my lips. to, do !" And he caught her hand "Look up into my fires, my love, my only love Now, while I kiss your fingers and look down into your eyes, will you, will you open your lips and speak the word ? Just one little word."' The widow's home was pale, and with her eyes half closed she was opening her lips when a voice came through the door saying, ? "Hi, there 1 Hi, there I" '"Jho deuce!" exclaimed Fred, as the widow fell back into the chair. " There's no use in limiting that confounded ghost. It's in. the night. I have half a thought, however, that it is that lunatic tramp.-"' " Poor dear dead Tom ? ' sobbed the widow, "I'll go to my room. It's no use, Mr. Näsle, asking me further. I can't I can't. I'll be true to Tom's memory till the last. I believe that voice in the air is his dear spirit hovering about me at this time of extreme trial. Once for all, Mr. Nagle, I'll never marry you or anyone else. Let me go to my room." "Stay, stay," entreated Fred, " It's nothing. Come over to this end of the room. If it's any living body he can't see us over here. Now do. Give me your hands. That's right. Think, now, my own Tilda, of the happiness before us. We'll journey through life with Tom shining; for ever over UB. Won't the birds sing? Won't the flowers spring up oil about UB 1 Won't our hearts beat OF one, and our souls think as one? The earth is nothing to me. The mountains are only stoneS. RoBt your head on my breast, dear. Now, Tilda, Tilda, speak the word. Lift up the little red lips, open the soft azure eyes. Let me hear it. Don't stir. Let me hear it. Come. Say it after me. The door crooked gently. .' It's only the wind, my Tilda. It's nothing. Speak. Oh, think of the rapture with which you will fill my heart I Turn about this way. Let us turn our back to that disturbing wind. Now, my Tildo, nuBtlo your head over my shoulder, and bridge over the gap that stands between us. I'll not let you go till you speak. Say'Yea,' a little 'Yes.' My beloved do." A barefooted form stepped softly up the floor. " I'm waiting, Tilda waiting for the little word. Mine ? Won't you be mine." " Oh, poor dear dead Tom !" sighed the widow. "Oh, Fred, don't ask me, don't ask me. It can never be. I am getting sick. My head is growing dizzy." " But before I let you go," operated Fred, " That word must come. You're mine, heart and soul, must be mine. I have longed, longed, longed for this hour, Come now, come now, the little ' Yes,' the little ' Yea.' Let me hear it." The widow struggled to release herself. Fred held her firmly, and pressed his lips on her forehead. The form behind extended its two hands, and almost touched the collar of Fred's coat. " Speak," cried Fred. " Mine ! You're mine ! Speak, beloved. Speak Tilda. Let me hear your last word. What is it? Isn't it yes?" "Never!" exclaimed the widow, making a sudden struggle to free herself, but Fred gripped her tightly, and was clasping his arms about her, when the form behind seized him by the collar and lifted him 3ft. off the ground in an hour later, Fred's horse was saddled up and he was ready to start back to the station. " Have another glass, Fred?" said Mr, Malone. " It may be a good while before ye'll come back. I don't blame you." " Why didn't you say you were Tom Malone when you came up to the verandah ?" asked Fred, still smarting under the awkwardness of his position. " Well, sonny," said Tom, "the way I left Tilda wasn't O.K. I knew she thought I was dead, and I couldn't blame her if she had took up with another. I made up my mind I'd never come back, but I have soon a good many women, and none as good as Tilda. I kind of yearned this long time to return and see her. If I found her married, I'd have looked at her a bit, unbeknown, and would have shuddered without letting on. I soon spotted you. I saw she wasn't married, but was near it. I watched ye. I didn't mean to interfere, but when I saw ye rubbing too close I couldn't help calling, ' Hi, there !' But I didn't do it loud-like. It was only just a whisper I couldn't keep down, flowaoraever, if she had said she'd like you, I wouldn't have interfered. I'd have shuddered without letting on, and would be now five or six miles off in the bush. But, as yet found, sorry, she was true to dear dead Tom, and when I saw that clear I couldn't hold myself from life Ring ye by the ears sonny. Till, I say, Tilda, come out in and shake hands with Fred. He's going now, and ' , . 'L,.. ' I is not likely to come this way any more. He didn't know, any more than you, that I was about." ' And Mrs, Maloney came in, her eyes and swollen with weeping, and as Tom said " Ta, to, Feed I" the young man drove his spurs into his is rose and swept across, the country with the rising moon in his face, and he never saw the Red Gum Inn after. , , ' 