ftctsss in general Oueenslanduow owes about £19,000,000, or at the rate of £70 per head of population, yet she got close on par for her last loan. The company appointed for the revision of the authorised version of the Old Testament have just concluded their eighty-fourth season, m Jerusalem Chamber, and have gone as far as Isaiah xxx. Bishop Barry means to pursue nis crusade against the existing Education Act. Twenty-two thousand tons of sugar have been exported from Queensland in the past year. The price of bread in Wilcannia is Is Sd per 41b. loaf. Potatoes are Sd per lb, and preserved milk Is 9d per tin. Revenue in Adelaide £100,000 less than antici pated, and £85,000 less than last year, and there is " a deficit" of £300,000 in the expenditure. According to the Fielding Star (N.Z.), a resi dent in that locality named Tyrol, grew 43 varie ties of auples, and is satisfied that plantmg onions among the trees has thoroughly eradicated the American blight. The revenue of this colony shows a decrease of £481,641 as compared with last year, but the re turns' for the past quarter are very good, and show an increase of £119,692 on the corresponding period of last year. Lately a marriage took place between two young deaf and dumb people atBendigo. The ser vice had to be gone through (says the Independent) in the sign language, but was also read by the offi ciating minister, the Rev, J. F. Frcwin, the father of the bridegroom. The result of the West Macquarie election is as follows -.—Lewis Lloyd 375 ; W. Richardson 183. Majority of Mr, Lloyd, 192. The defeat of the Protectionist candidate is a very popular one, more especially as Mr. Lloyd's supporters made no special effort, and the successful candidate was very late in the field. The Earl of Derby has intimated that he is wil ling to immediately take the necessary steps for establishing a British protectorate over New Guinea. He has rlso promised to consult with his colleagues in the Cabinet as to the advisaibility of including in the protectorate the other Pacific is lands, the occupation of which is desired by the Australian colonies. The Agent3-General will shortly have an interview with Lord Derby on the subject. A curious insurance company has been started at Brussels, which proposes to insure the recovery and restoration of lost or stolen goods. It is ap propriately named the " Eureka," and starts with a capital of 200,000 francs. The mode of opera tion is as follows -.—Each subscriber pays a pre mium of two and a half francs a year, and is re gistered under a certain number, together with the articles he wishes to insure. Upon losing any of the latter he at once gives notice to the company, who set about recovering it, under penalty of being mulcted in its value. It is, in fact, a kind of de tective bureau. Says the Sydney correspondent of the Newcastle News : — Sir John Robertson succeeded on Tuesday night in carrying an amendment in the Land Bill, which takes a great deal of the sting out of the land locking-up intentions of the Bill before the House. It is quite evident the squatting portion of the hon. gentlemen thoroughly understood the purport of the old warriors' amendment before it had been carried by the committee. No sooner had they dected the inroad it made upon their in tended monopoly of the lands of the colony than the war began. And now the fight is on the part of the squatters and their friends to introduce an other amendment that will counteract the effects of the one carried by the Mudgee hero. Thirty thousand ghosts are credited to London. A society is said to have a ghost directory under preparation, giving the name, residence, and busi ness (at midnights) of every ghost in great Britain and Ireland. The compilers have done their work with great and paius taking care, and though they do not in every case guarantee the pedigree and performances of the ghosts, they have taken every means to vertify them. Persons desiring to make the acquaintance of the ghost will be able to do so, and, what is more to the point, they will be able to select the particular classs of ghost they desire They will, for instance, find such items as the fol lowing : — " Ghost of John Smith, such and such a street. Born 1665, murdered 1720. Quiet and gentlemanly ghost ; walks in the two pair front bedroom, with a knife in hi3 heart." Or, again, " The violet ghost of Crazy Jane, street ; age unknown ; slirieky and chain rattling ; performs every night at 1 o'clock, but is rarely visible." It will be seen that there is a wide field of usefulness for this book, which would sell more thousands than any other work of late years. The under secretary of Yictoiia, Mr. T. R. Wilson, a short time ago received from a family living hi the South of France, a letter inquiring as to the whereabouts of a man who came out to the colony over 20 years ago, and who last wrote to his friends in France in 1S64. Mr. Wilson, after mak ing the necessary inquiries, had the painful duty thrown upon him of informing his correspondents that the man about whom they had written was hanged in 1S65 for murder. It is proposed to hold a world's fair in Mis souri in 1SS2, to commemorate the 400th anni versary of the discovery of America by Colum bus. The French brig Seuorine, with 53 passengers and a crew of nine, was sunk off the Great Banks, Newfoundland, on May 23. All perished. The recent dynamite explosions in London are bringing grist to O'Donovan Rossa's dynamite mill, N.Y. Contributions to the resources of civilization fund are pouring in from all quarters, and numerous letters of approval have been re ceived. The abduction business does not pay in Italy. Aband of Italian brigands captured a duke recently and kept him for thirty days. Then they dis covered that the duke's grandfather had impover ished his estate, that his father had pawned the ducal coronet, and that their prisoner was a professional dead-head, and they let him go. The duke cried like a baby when they turned him off, but the robbers were firm, and complained that he had already eaten his head off. It is said that the ciuKe was cnarmea witn tne wua iree me 01 tne bandits. In the House of Commons (says the St. Jame's Gazette) Mr. Kenny complained that the public notice attached to the coronation chair in West minster Abbey had been altered by the omission of all reference to the legend that the coronation stone (in Irish, Lia Fail) was first used forthe coro nation of the Irish kings, and was only carried to Scotland by Fergus, the Irish king who subdued that country. Mr. Shaw Lefcvre, in reply, offered to show the hon. member a letter of explanation he had received from Dean Bradley. Many years ago, the Dean wrote, an inscription in Latin was attached to it, stating that the stone was the pillow on which Jacob rested his head at Bethel, and the legend went on to say that it was carried from Palestine to Egypt, and thence to Spain. From Spain it was said to have been conveyed to the Hill of Tara, in Ireland. In the year 1851, in order to meet the convenience of the visitors to the Great Exhibition, the head guide wrote on a label a notice to the effect that the stone had been used at the coronation of the ancient Kings of Scotland and Ireland, but he omitted all reference to the legend relating to Jacob's pillow, while retaining the clos ing part referring to Ireland. The label having become dusty and dirty, the guide, who has con siderable antiquarian knowledge, turned it over recently, and on the back wrote simply the his torical fact with regard to Scotland, and ignored , . leg®ud entirely. Dean Bradley adds that geo logists have conclusively shown that the chair is of Scotch limestone, and that no stone of the kind is to be iound in Palestine or Egypt. He was, how ever, m contemplation the addition of a separate msci iptioii setting fjrtk the curious legend of its- travels in the Holy Land as distinct from the au thenticated history of the stone. Hollow-ay s Pills are the medicine most in re repute for curing the multifarious maladies which; beset mankind when dry. sultry weather suddenly gives place to chilly, drenching days. In fact, these 1 ills offer relief, even if they fail of proving an absolute remedy, in all disturbances of diges tion, circulation, and nervous tone which occasion al 1 ?,lCSS a .Vilsk portiou of tha population.. Under the genial, purifying and strengthening powers exerted by this excellent medicine the tongue becomes clean and. the appetite improves, digestion is qujekeued, and assimilation is ren dered perfect. These Pills possess the highly esti mable property of cleansing the entire mass of bloou ; which, in its renovated condition, carries purity, strength, and vigour at every tissue of the 