5 A Royal' Ghost. A telegram from Horlin says : — A few uiithts ago the famous ' Wiease Dume,' or White.'Imcly, tho. xpi ilii* familiaiii of the Hollnnzollern fnmily is reported to havo been seen by the sentinels before the Alte Sohloss. The logoml of this apparition is well known. An ancestress ot Uio llohonzollcrns, Uoun tess Orliimomlc, is saiil to leavo her grave aad walk, ia solemn and mcasuriicl step, tho oorridora of tho Allo Selilos^ in Berlin when ever nuy member of the Itoyal Family is about to die. Notliwithssniiriing their pro found scepticism, most Herliners, Rbrangn'y enough, still b-ilicvn tho story of the White Latly. Tho-capitil is quito excitet! over ihn pretciHlejl apparition. All am talking about it and womlurinj; what inembjr of tho dy nasty is next destined to die. The White fj- uly is a ghost who has frequently been soon in flilloroiit castles and palaces belong ing to tho Koyal Family of PriHsii. She is supported to furbodo the death of some of the royal family, espouinllyone of the children. Her last appuarenc-j was in 1ST!), just prior to the d.-ath of l'rinco WiiMonvir. A soldier on xuaiu was witness ol tne apparition, and in his fright (1 j-l to the l;uui'iI-ioohi. where he was at once arrested for deserting his pnst. Twice sho has been heard to speak In December. 16!)S, sho appeared in the palace at Berlin, and said in Latin, 'I wait for judgement.' A^ain at the ea-tlo of Neuiians is Ilohotnia when shu said to tlio PriucosB'-.iri Gannun, 'It is ten o'clock,' and the lady addressed died in a fuw woeUs. There are two white ladies in fact — ono the Cuiiutesa A'^iiuh Orlainondo who in referred to by our Berlin eorrespondent, and t!i«- other Princess Borth.i von Koseubnr', who lived in the liitli century. The former was buried alivi! in a vault; in the palace. .She was the mistress of a Margrave of lir.mil eiilmrgh; by whom sin: hail two sons. When tho Prince becamn a widower Agues thought ho would niariv her, Imt lie made tlii sous an objection, nnd .she poisum-d llitMa, fur which crime she was buried alive. Another version is that hIu: full in love with the Priuuo of Piii'inn and niiulu away with her two rlaughtarv who wire nn obstacle to her marriage for which crime *h«: was doomed to ' walk the ea'th ' as an apparition. The Princess Bertha is troubled because an tiuuual fiift which she left to the poor has been discontinued, .Sim appi: irs dressed in whito and carries at her side a bunch of keys. 