1 ACTING IN EARNEST. - It is well known tbat 'd risg those hours, which the late Mr..Cliarles.Dickednsdevoted to .lite''iai labour, so. thbriiughly did. he throw himself into the l different characters, of his 'ioiks. thabt.for the, irie beingi ho thought ,plotted, spoke, ':nd, aidted onl in, tlieirseapectivepersons,.forgetting altogether that ' he was either.a nobveliit or. Charles Dickens, or indeed aiy" other than' that par ticular individual,whose portrait had so Iong by mental int'eicolurse becoinme indelibly inal plnked 'on his hind. '.To the habitual practice of this trait, therefore; a very' large proportion of his success is to.be attributed; for it must always be niintained that iutho truthfiil delineation of character- and each indiyidiial chaircter embodies a ,ariety of the.humaini. passion all the genius of an exce'ptiinoiiilly ilualifie?dnd'n list, ordramatilt is to be traced ;.and he, who can so com pletely, identify himself with, the creations of' his imagis'atioi.ii .,to sink in them the consciousness of'his own personality, must needs'" preaent 'a"chain of characterisation: as natural as it will be imposing and attrac tive. And if this be true of an nutlihr,vith how much greater force must itnot apply to. an actor, who' becoes .at onc the, instrument or the interpreter of the dramatist,, nid whose bheiness itis, to represent: faithfully :all thoi, inmotionis which have been allotted to' the chirarcter that hie impersonates? jt is therefore not only necessary that the hi?trio act his part with all due intelligence, and with every attention to details in the matter of costume and other accessories; but he must actually feel the. character-to lose himself so completely, that, for the time present, 'he become in turn Othello, Macbeth,.Romeo,.or any. other of those personages which his art calls upon him to assume.. SAcharacteristic anecdote, ably illustrating this fact, has lately been reported--oi the authority, of . M. Jules: Claretie-touehing upon Salvini's conception of Othello. It ap pears that one evening the great tragedian was sorely pressed by a party of friends to give them as a recitation the last monologue of Othello. "At length ,he consented, and after a few nioments rose, and began in that fine resonant voice with which. few c embers of his .urofession. have been so.gifted. But suddenly, itind in the middle of a line,, he paused, thed,'withl agesatre"significant of disappointment, exclaimed: "No; it I.ife' possible I am notin, the situation. I am not prepared fir this suprem .anguish.' In order to render the frantic despair of Othello, I need to have piased through all his tor tares. I nedd' to hive, played tihe'whole part. But.to. enter .thus the soulof, a character without having' gradually 'pene trated into it-I cannot; it, is impossible I' Salvini is niovid'hb# .the associations 'of his pirt ;'and froiii the momen?'the step's on the stage,'he is ino longer Salvini,';ut Othello, Lear;or any'other of "Sakespeare's master. pieces.' It 'is?jociilarly said in. Italy, that Salvinialways carries in his pocket a free paidoi' signed"by 'Victor-Eimanuiel,'. and conftersigned"by the'Minister of Justide; ii ease whey he plays. Othihlo, bf his smother' ing Tihsde moi'ia in donrighti"eartidst. '" A'indther 'iiipmssioned" actoi' of 'the very highest' class;'~:' the liate.3Mr. =lMacready. 'I hie 'ofteii'niatched him," writes. Mr. George Augustus Sala, ," from the lles befori he went on, standing at the wing, apparently laihigfi -hiisslf"iisto the 'proper ;frame of excitement needed for the partidlarpirt which he was playing; and'mutteriing"?ean rliile' ii'a 'semingly incohdrent mander to himself.? "Bt I' have lieen'i assured. that these ntterances "wsereuli "i'o:mean's'inco herent, aiid thatthooughly identifying,himi self with.the part, he. unifeinedly believed .himiself; for the nonce; to' be; Hamldt; Mac beth'o b"i'ihit'not'i!'and isrdld hold th4'snist ~iassosisat'discouid'e with hitiiself,' touching the ' guilt` of Claiidhis, ' thi 'gray hliris of Duiican, and the potency, Agiity indreier. eibe 'of"'th Sighoi'yof Venice, his'. f'ery noble and approved good masters." "O' one occasion, immediately' ifter' the'etirtain had been rung up on the first act of Macbeth, an unlucky actor in the company chanced to stumble upon the tragedian during his. pas. sionate'. preparations, .'the. cosequence. of 'which was that Macready,quiteounwittingly, dealt'him a blow dn the hand wtth such force tist the blood flowed forth ; iand:sai' at.that instant the victim i-as to make his entrance on thlioecene, uic.impiesonated' thsi'bleeding soldier'only too' naturally, and 'muih to the astoeishient 'if' the other actors.' . . Talniib,'also, was inrealistic an -ctor, that, in, oregr to work up his grand bursts, of assaon, he awould seize npon any u'?nfortnnate auipeihdr ie he came upon behind the scenes, and shake him until he' himself became breathless, and the man frightened beyond all control.at his assumed .violence. Never theleis;'the peculiaritles both of Mfacready aiid" Talma were only'in accordaice with thit 'precedent firnished in 'ancient history, though with less disastrous results. Accord iing to '1'hitavch,'tEeop, the Roman actor, so !ieterested himself in the characters he un'dertook, that,'ono day when he played Atietie;hi; in that scene where'it falls to his lot to consider how he might lest destroy 'thetyrant Thyestes, 'workd' bimseol up into 'ioch d'"ptch of'ungoveinable rage that he ?ltr?ill one 6O then ilnot performers with his sce tre and laid him dead at his feet. .'rom the eilrliest days of 'the Greek theatre, the drama held a foremost position aindiig the arts, and was considered aide by side in importance with oratory. ?'or during its 'reign among the Romans, at a later period, was this high estimation of the tragic muse suffered to abate. The ancients it. fused such an intense earnestness and seal into their acting, that no effort or'sacrifice was ever deemed too groat, if, by its employ ment, the interests of their art could be in anywise enhlancacl, c \nd how well these .in terpreters of the dramatists of old acquitted themselves on all occasions has-been fully oxemplifed in thl interests of sUolux, who, on the very day on which he was" to Imper. sonato Eleotra in one of the heroics of 285 Sophooles,.deeply mourned the dehth of 'his only son; yet this'didnot inspire hirh with sufficient causeo'to'tear 'himself' frosr the theatre and his duties towards the public as an actors And since; by, apeculiar dramatic coincidence, the part-he was to play was an exact.resemblance of .his own condition-a fond fatherbewailing the loss of his child he,,inm.order'to' render his grief the more .poignant and natural,;: employed on the stage the- ideintiegl funeral urn containing' the ashes of his'lainsited son; at which helwas not' only visibly affected himself ; but the entire assemblage were' touched 'unto tears: at this exhibition, so harrowingin its reality, ;o intensely. soul- inpiring in its sorrow. SDescending'at once to the time of Shak .peare, and.codtinuing o ur survey through the whole history of the modern drama,' we discover the same earnestness that charac teriseamthelotingof the ancients.'. O Bet terton, the contemporsry of the Immortal Bard, it has'been recorded, .that.none was ever'more gnaliffed by nature and by genius to act what Siakspeare wrote; and that he never for:a:single moment, while on the stage; conducted himself as an actor, but as the character. he represented. We are told also that whenever he played Hamlet he was actually seen to turn pale as 'the ghost ap) peared, se'thorodghly did he enter into the feelings of the title role, so deeply. could he allow his imagination to drink in the horrors of sich a situation.'.: ; Garrick possessed the" same powers of' realisation: A grocerin Lichfiel'd-Garrick's ,native place-on the occasion of a brief visit' to London, was desired by' his' neighbor, Peter Garrick, to wait upon his brother at' Drury 'Lne Theatre" on' his 'behalf : fori which purpose he furnished him with a letter of introductiiin:." In' due course he arrived ; yet,' before' p'esenting :himself at the' stage d'oor, the grea?r.thought he would first see the performance, as he. wished to satisfy himself at the"outset as to the' personal appearance of David Garrick. ' The theatre was crowded in every p?rt; and when the idol of the public came on the stage as Abel Dragger,their'entheirenthusiasm knew no bounds. The consequence of this visit, however,, was that the grocer returned to Lichfield with out having presented his letter. lie thus explained himself to Peter: " Your brother may be rich, as'Ldaressy the man who lives like him must 'be ;'but though he be your brotlier; he is one of the shabbiest,'meanest, and 'mst pitiful hound. I' ever saw in the whole course of my life !' SA'worthy husaceasorto Garrn'ic, more especially perhaps in Shakespearean rvler, was Spranger 'Barry. 'So 'terribl" did 'he appear in the.jealous scene of Othdllo, that as he pronounced the words, "I'll tear her all in pieces !" his 'mUscles visibly stiffened, his.veins distended, his eyes almost forced themselves tfrom their. orbits, and :. very fibre of his body partook of that passion which carried all before it. Men and women in all ,parts of the house were equally affected, the frail sex shrieking outright; while Bernard, in his Recollectiors, confesses that he could not sleep all night after having witnessed such a performance. Speaking of Barry's earnestness in this particular passage, we cannot refrain from calling to mind Mr. Edwin Booth's experi ence in'the same portion of the tragedy, as, when only ayear or two ago, whileperform ing in a theatre at Fort-George in the Far West, the audience were so carried away by his terrible earnestness of purpose. that at this point they rose to a man, anol drawing their' bowi-knives and revolvers, declared that "if he aid sot drop his diabolical game at' once; 'they would make 'deadmeat of him l"-upot which revelation, the tragedian dropped his acting,and the manager dropped the enrtain;s t, Thiuughotifall such seees in Othello and other playsi Barry was himself so .ihtensely moved, that' his powers: of utterance were considerably wieakened, and real tears often gushed: forth' from his eyes. Apropos of this subject, too, Charles Kemble once told Mr. Adolphus that as often as he (Kemble) acted Cassio, dn his brotherJohn's pronounc ing the words as only he could pronounce then;:"I'do believe it, and I ask your.par don," he caused the tears to -flow readily from his' eyes. "One must feel to make others feel," 'once "remarked an eminent actress, 'who.often shed'tears when excited by'the situations in which the heroine of her performance found herself ;'and Miss Kelly used 'to 'rlate how'she' felt the hot tears dropping fronm -Mrs;" Siddons" eyes' when playing one flSdr"r inost pathetic parts. Cha:mbers' fw .rna: L" r 