, - . , Christmas Eve. Jf " The poulterers shops were stiU haU-ouen and the fruiterers were radiant in tS cpats of jolly old "gentlemen, lollincx /T adore/ aud tumbling out into the street their apoplectic opulence. There rpddy, brownfaoed, broadgirthed Sn.."' quods, shining m the fatness of tv,!;. gTOfrth like Spanish friars, and wiukinr from their shelves m wanton slyness at th girls as they went by, and glanced demurely at the hung up mistletoe. There were Dears and apples clustered high in blooS pyramids ; there were bunches of granef made, in the shopkeeper's benevolence te dangle from conspicuous hooks, that peonle mouths might water gratis as they There were piles of filberts, mossy and brown, recalling in their fragrance ancient walks through the woods, and pleasant shuffliites, ankle deep, through withered leaveB. The Words of the author of "A Christmas Carol" might, with but little alteration, have local application, Certain! v fc the Ghost of Christmas had 3 taken to show sn Antipodean Scroop M around," they would not have BeeQ the people of Melbourne shovelling the snow from their door fronts, or have run against an occasional snowball during their tour of inspection ; they would have seen no such things as chestnuts, and verv little mistletoe, but they would have seen the same radiant glory shining from the shop windows ; piles 0f luscious dainties generously offering themselves as Christmas sacrifices, and everywhere a worthy substitute of the mistletoe in the fern, the Australian emblem Of peace and goodwill. The butcher's shop claimed an eqnal but contrasted glory to that of the fruiterer with its gifts of the season. The variegated bullock's head surmounted with rosettes, aad the fantastically - carved piece of pork which required but the companionship of the goose to complete the picture, shared honours with the gaily-decked cakes and kindred hereditary enemies to Christinas digestion in the neighbouring confectioner's window. The establishment of pigs' trotters, pork pies, sausages, and similar delicacies, ' claimed as large a bouquet as that iof fancy fruiterers. Bourke and Swanston j streets were filled with more than ordinary light and life. Wherever jthe eye turned it met with florid ; decoration of some kind or the other. Even on the humblest and meanest shop or hotel the Universal fern seived to hide the want of paint, and gave to , the establishment the only fresh dress it received from .one year's end to another. ! Even the horses in the carts lent emphasiB to ; the universal feeling through the medium of their floral decorations, from the gay rosettes on the. crests of the Toorak pair of bays to the conspicuous fern or flower in the headdress of the representa tive of Collingwood blood and tone. Pro minent amongst the throng were very many sunburnt faces, surmounted by very broad- brimmed hate very long legs encased in newly acquired "slops," with strongly marked seams, and very nervous uneasy arms, more accustomed to the axe or pick in the Mallee country or the Gippsland ranges than the holiday Idleness of Bourke street. The air was rife with the sounds of bnstle and business. The shopkeepers and their assistants were kept busy in meeting the I demands of customers anxious to secure the : wherewithal for the Christmas dinner, and family groups, laden with supplies sufficient to require the constant attention of the lodge doctor for an unforeseen period, lent their quota to the interest of the scene. As the Victoria Market was in the morn ing, so was the Eastern Market in the evening. It afforded a scene of interesting variety. Poultry, Christmas cards, fancy , bouquets, and pot plants were in netehbourly and familiar array. The ftocherfed and" alto unfeathered race seemed innumerable. " Dead game " was well represented, while the living subjects in tike adjacent coops cackled their own death- no tes, and issued their own invi tations to dinner — sentiments warmly en dorsed by the persuasive voices of their vendors. An immense trade was done m ferns, the pathway being occasionally one moving mass of evergreens. The juvenile element satisfied its omnivorous fancies upon the heaps of miscellaneous confectionery and the rosy piles of cherries. Straw berries and plums also rapidly diminished beneath the general onslaught. On the one side -was the poultry yard, on the other the flower garden, and hard by the dairy ; while above, below, and around we; e the thousand and one things which go to make up a true Australian Christmas market. Above all, the electric light winked and blinked its appreciation, as if cordially wishing the crushing multitnde below a Merry Christmas and Rappy New Year. 