THE STORYTELLER. ME3. F AIEBANK8'S RECOGNITION. N. WALTER SWAS. CHAPTER L " I admit all yon would urge, Mr. Buller," said the landlord firmly an<l even respect fully, " and I must own there is nothing more against you than a strong suspicion. Still, it is a strong one, and you do not appear to care to get away from it. You owe me for b month's board and lodging, sir. I make you a present of the amount, but you must quit my hotel before twelve o'clock this flay." Mr. Buller made as he would reply. " I tell you, sir, it is of no use, appearances are very much against you. Your explanation would not satisfy a schoolboy, much lees a man who has spent the best part of his life in London and Pans, and finished up with a stroll on the Pacific Slope. " There," said Btoneham, pointing to the bar threshold, "is That you have got to cross with your belong ings betore twelve o'clock." Mr. i'uller was a quick, intelligent-looking man. with an air of refinement that was not hidden by the coarse and rusty clothes he wore, but, rather, shown out in contrast. He looked curiously at the landlord, and the expression of his eyes seemed to indicate that there would be a stormy passage of words, but, checking himself, he looked down in ex amination of his finger-nails, while saying. *' If my explanation is not satisfactory, I bave none other to offer. For your present of £4-a month's board and lodging accept my thanks. I shall quit your hotel immediately. It will not take long to get my belongings together, Mr. Stoneham. My blankets are already folded up in readiness, and my other pos sessions I carry about with me I am in march ing order It is now eleven o'clock, and in five minutes I shall have left the Bine Stag. Come, sir, I have yet a few shillings, and can pay for a parting glass; will you join me f " Excuse me, I would rather not," an swered Stoneham, auickly. " It is true I am only the landlord of a wayside publichouse, but there are people with whom even I do Dot care to drink. Here" - so saying he filled a wine glass with brandy, and emptied ft into a tumbler-" help yourself to water, Bir ; this being your last glass here, I do not iuller was clean shaven, except that be wore a long moustache, but it did not hide the white that crept around his mouth when fiie landlord declined his invitation, and he seemed to know that this indication of feel £g had made its appearance, for he drew his ind down his face and slowly over his moustache several times, as if obliterating it Without speaking, he drank off the contents of the tumbler; without speaking, he stooped and placed his blankets on him sash fashion; and without looking at the landlord he turned and crossed the threshold. If the Bine Stag was small and near to a Country highway, it was eminently respect able as to we guests it harboured, the liquor St vended, and the quality of its accommoda tion. Creepers trailed themselves above it And around it, carrying gleaming blooms with them, and roses were below the nettings they made, interwreathed and flagrant. It was a pretty resting-place when the sun wasnpon u and the gre«n grass around it, bat it was different in the December day when Bnller left the bar for the highway. It seemed as if the winter bad returned and gapped the pummer with cold and rain, floating his tlouds ecroes the bine sky and their shadows on theharvest fields and pastures. The psfell plaintively from blossom and leaf, f thenust struck the newly-madeswagman rith a chill. He turned to lace the wind with something like a ebiwer, but there was agood dekl pfpaasirity lu his well-marked face. He jmoved away to when the road stretched over thfe nndoUting country, the wheel rats being deep in the loamy Cnist, with a bearing ?which .'would " "have attracted attention., JThere seemed to be a something of gentility jmliw cait,iuid when subsequently the exer him to raise his hat lor 'iPOM iis, he did so with a certain made at him a as he walked, hat leaf savagely 'aging the rain ujSmi *fith a: force that smarted. His face never changed in its expression; it wore an irritable, mono tonous sameness, as if it were a mask to hide away feelings of every kind. Without looking for shelter, he sat down upon a granite stone and palled some bread and cold meat from his pocket This he ate mechanically, consistent with the nnronsed way in which he received alike the landlord's insult and the bnffetings of the wind. The road as far as he could see along its length was deserted. There was no moving thing either on the track or the grass, except some thing that looked like tree stumps on the farthest undulation against the sTcy. The sticky loam adhered to his feet till a sole was formed that made his feet twice their normal weight and size. Under these con ditions travelling was most laborious, yet he walked unconcernedly on, apparently neither knowing nor caring whether there was shelter to be obtained beyond the last roll of land and road that mixed with the mark upon the horizon. And yet, if Mr. Bailer had looked very closely as he trudged along he wonld have seen something resembling fresh tracks beside his own-shapeless tracks, also made with the heavy and enlarged feet the wet loam bestowed. Again, if the mist had not swirled up and hidden oat the farthest piece of track he wonld have perceived that the shapes which looked like tree stamps had disappeared. The traveller took out hi* clasp knife and scraped the clay away from his laceups; he sought for grass to walk upon, and was mounting the last undulation where he had seen the figures when the sun was dip ping behind a low horizon that belted a large Elain whereon were yellow grain and stooked ay, wherefrom spirals of smoke arose and distant sounds ot lite. The sun was down, and the short gloaming over when Bailer was travelling noiselessly towards a hut that seemed to be deserted ; the windows and the doorway were blacker than the darkness out side, and soon the house itself became visible only when the traveller stooped so as to look at it against the sky. He would have come } to the door for shelter had he not partially | groped his way into a little lean-to, where he ! found straw had been spread, pro , bably by a preceding tramp, journeying I from the plain towards the undulations, puller sat upon what was to be his bed, look | ing out at the star,s and was about covering his wet clothes with his wet blankets for the night when a heavy tramp and voices arrested his attention. In half an hour was to be heard within the hut the crackling of fire, the stands of cooking, and later on the evidences of drinking, 01 men carousing in whiskies, of the excitement that flings prudence aside to converse boisterously of what they had stolen, of the course they were about to travel, and the programme they had set themselves to carry out, of laughter at the wailing and distress they had caused, of the power that was within the reach of their outcast ' hands, and the revenges they bad inBicted in this the best of all months, when the grass is sere and the crops are dry, favoured^ by the warmth of the nights, where benign sleep can be enjoyed by the fence and by the fold. If anyone had been present to watch the face of Mr. Boiler 03 he perused the faces of the pariahs through a narrow aperture in the bnlgin? bark, and took note of their heavy jaws and shining teeth, a strange look of thoughtful intentness would have been noticed-a curious expression as of debate on the plans enfolded, a rather grim and serious contem plation of his fellow-travellers, but nothing | of ffear, of disgust, or of fellowship. He perused them as he would any other peculiarity of nature, and when the men had staler-re i to their blankets, lying prone in drunken sleep, he found time to noiselessly search out a scrap of paper from his sodden clothes, and write a memo on it with a pencil stump, aided by such light as came through the bark wall. Mr. Bailer with like noiselessness scraped the loam from the soles of his boots and rolled np his blankets. When the snn was np he was away past the farms towards the Merino Creek, wearing his inscrutable face and eating | as he walked. It was beyond Merino Creek for many a [ mile where Mr. Fairbanks lived, and it was in this direction Mr. Boiler's face was Bet He walked on, not only eating but almost sleeping as he walked, with his air of passive patience. The hot snn had nwde him comfortable and sleepy, and the growing feeling staggered him quite as much as did the wind on the day preceding. He scarcely waited till the sun went down before he crept into a clump of withered bush and entered upon the Bailer dreamland. Mr. Fairbanks was proud of himself and of everything that was his. He regarded his gram and cattle as unapproachable. Fair banks'^ wheat or bullocks always commanded top prices, and people said he would have a good article at any cost, either of his own production at any cost of trouble and labour, or the production of another at a price to command quality. He paid, so some people said, a costly price for hia wife, though he regarded her as the best bargain he had ever made. Mrs. Fairbanks cost her husband the friendship of his mother and sister, and the friendship of numerous acquaintances in Melbourne; but, as he put it, the profits were beginning to appear, adjoininjg families began gradually to admit the lady's supe riority of intellect and attainments. She was dark as a gipsy, with black lines for eyebrows, with penetrating black eyes, and a contour of face that, if anything bat clas sical, came to be fascinating. Both sweet ness and strength dwelt around her month, there seemed a strength of steel in her "the figure. A faoe with these characteristics could scarcely be mistaken for that of an Englishwoman. Mm Fairbanks was born of a French mother, who bad her educated in Pans np to the time of her death; then the girl joined her father in California, and sailed with him to Victoria. The name of her father was Joshua Stoneham. Hie heavy crops and the promise of plenty everywhere which the season gave caused a good deal of satisfaction to flockmastera and farads alike. So excellent was the prospect, indeed, that there were not a few who felt inclined to anticipate the harvest-home, and Braydon was not an exception. Whether Mr. Fairbaiptsgave dandnp parties or dinners they were always welcomed by his guests, and made more than ordinarily attractive by the genius and acoomplishments of his wife in a way that was unknown before she to Braydon aa its mutness, The snn was down, and the stars had come oot m all the pomp of their harvest splen dour, and_ music and lights crept from tbe open window upon the stillness, the former flowing anuy from,the brilliant touch of the noste»i the latter shading and lighting aa the couples mazed around the rooms to the harmony that moved them. The mtoTuptions of the lights within fell un evenly upon the face and figure of a man who waa standing still inthe shadow of oversw-eading brandies of the lawn. Neither face nor figure , fteemed to have much expression, except that; the former give the impression of surveying a pic re with which the owner was not auitej SIt1?' *®*ch8d without movement till the dmoe wu wteo Me jralfcedj away softly from his position to the rear of the house, and stood upon the threshold ot the kitchen, with the darkness framing him and throwing him oat in contrast Margaret Bolton felt a sadden throb, and put her hand npon her breast, when she saw the ma" standing there as if he had been a ghost. The groom, to hide a suspicion of trepidation, inquired gruffly as to his busi ness. . " I have come here," he replied slowly to the inquiry, while he shook his rolljt of blankets higher upon his left shoulder, to Bee Mr. Fairbanks." He paused a little be fore he continued. " To see Mr. Fairbanks, and to see him promptly, I have walked some scores of miles. If that gentleman is within you will oblige him, and you will also oblige me, by informing him that there is a stranger here who has important business with him. For the first time he permitted himself to look round the comfortable kitchen. Without changing the position and attitude he^had taken up on the threshold, he added, " If, however, Mr. Fairbanks is engaged just at this present time I can wait for a little. The groom looked at Margaret Bolton and then at the stzanger, and remarked huskily, " If you have got real business with master he will see yon at once, no matter what he is doing of. You might," turning his face to the girl, " tell master he's wanted." To the stranger on thethreshold, "Come in, sir, there's a" seat, and," placing a jug and glass on the table beside him, " there is what no one refuses, no matter what his busi ness-a good glass of ale. Help yourself, mister." The man moved to the chair, filled the tumbler to its capacity, and with a short nod at the groom emptied it steadily. Placing the glass back upon the table, he sat in waiting, while stroking his moustache thoughtfully. The groom, who had been employing him self in looking from the clothes to the lace of the sfranger, rose when he heard Mr. Fair banks approaching. That gentleman came in with a look of curiosity on his face, and walking over to the sitting man, inquired, " Is it yon who have got particular business with me f' "Yes, sir," was the reply. "My business is not only particular but private," and he looked at the groom. Mr. Fairbanks closed the office door when j the lights came, and seated himself opposite to1 the tramp. His genial face, the perfume that seemed to dwell around him, and the. becoming evening dress, could not have more fully established a distance between them though the sumptuary laws were at their strictest, and yet the bearing of the wearer of the moustache and rolled-up blankets had distinctly the ease <",f equality. He crossed one leg upon the other as he leaned back _ in the chair waiting to be questioned, showing his muddied bluchers, his ravelled and mud died trousers, his hanging, rusty coat, and his small, well-shaped hands. Fairbanks was a man of observation, and he knew intuitively that the stranger who was making himHftIf at home in one of his easy chairs was not of the ordinary swagmen. " 1 am ready to hear what you have got to say," Mr. Fairbanks intimated. " And I," said the man, " find same diffi culty in beginning my story. As a prelimi nary to what I have got to say I would ask you to be good enough to make an effort of memory." Mr. Fairbanks opened his eyes a little wider, but remained silent "Because," explained the speaker, "the question I have to ask will perhaps in some manner indicate to you the nature of the story I have to tell, or, rather, of the warn ing I have to give you, before it is actually explained." " I am not good at riddles, Mr. " " Bailer, Bir; nor am L The question on which an effort of memory may be required is whether yon remember in your capacity of justice of the peace sending two men, named Gridley and Brady, to gaol for petty larceny, about 18 months ago T" "Certainly; I remember the case very welL" " Four nights ago I slept where these two men slept, unknown to them." The look of curiosity on the face of the master deepened. "Well, Mr. Bullerf " Well, sir, I have now told you enough to guide you to the nature of the warning I have to give. Before I proceed any farther I most make a stipulation." An expression of suspicion appeared in the face of the listener, which Boiler at once perceived. " I see you suspect me, and you axe pre suming that the stipulation means money. There you are very much astray. It is true that during the last few days I have been nothing but a tramp, bat most of the tramp ing has been done on your behalf." He checked himself, and resumed with no change of expression on his passive face. " The stipulation I wish to make is that under no circumstances whatever I am asked to give evidence against these men." " Do you know them then V " Never saw them till I saw them through an aperture in the bark sheet which divided us/' "It is asingularstipulation, Mr. Buller, and I must agree to it all the more, as it seems pro bable to me yon are abont to do me a great service." " Yon shall judge, air." " Your crops are to be fired to-morrow even ing by means of a fuse sufficiently long to allow fiie incendiaries to get well away from the locality before the flames are seen." "Ah! this is indeed important news. And I should have been a dosen miles away," Fair banks said hastily, with a look of genuine concern on his face. " Where is the attempt to be made f "From the quarter whence the wind comes." There was a long pause. The master of Braydon sat thinking, almost forgetful of the man who lay back watching him. " I need not say that you have rendered me a very great service, Mr. Bnller," said Fair banks slowly, andasif still thinking." Guided by your language and deportment, I should ask yon to join my guests." " And the difficulty is one that cannotbe overcome jmrt at present," he interrupted, looking down his clothes and smiling vaguely. I Bhall remain perdu if it soils yon till I get an outfit ot some kind; of course, I could not think of leaving till the truth of my story Stay"as long as yon like at Braydon," interjected the master, impetuously, "and in the meantime I shall see about the outfit As for to-night, if yon come with me I shall have much pleasure in introducing tod to my overseer." » 