THE POISONED PIE. (by one of. the cbowd.) I had been through the several wards of lunatic asylum, both on the male and female side, and had seen' and yery much admired the decorative prepara- tions made for the approach of Christ mas week, yrhich had been executed en tirely by the patients themselves, when the medical gentleman who had accom- \- panied me in my inspection remarked, : " By-the-bye, I had nearly forgotten 1 him. We have one patient, and off and on he has been with us several years, for whom Christmas brings no kind of pleasure ; on the contrary, it agrees so ill with him, that afew weeks before he Is completely bereftTof reason that his friends invariably- find it necessary to send Mm here for his own saefty's sake! We make it our business to deceive him somehow. We manage to cheat Mm into the belief when the 25th arrives that it wants yet a day to that date, and when he awakes next morning, quaking with vague dread for what may happen to him during the ensuing twelve hours, we convince him that the danger is past I After that he remains until we are able j ' to discharge him, as inoffensive and I harmless a lunatic as we have to deal I with. But we have to be very careful I A week before Christmas day we separate him from the others, and lodge him by himself in a remote part of the I building where he is not likely to see or hear what may be going on in connec tion with the approaching festivity. We have to guard against his-organ of smell I even, for he is a pastrycook, and natu- 1 rally has a quick scent for a coming I feast I will introduce you to him pre- I sently. In order that you may better I understand him when I do so, I will first inform you what his queer delusion in He is in the midst of one of his mad I fits, though you never would suppose it from his calm and apparently sane I manner. " Years ago he kept a confectioner's shop in a busy neighbourhood, which I need not particularly specify, and his premises were on the high road. He had made for himself quite a reputation for cheap and savoury ham-and-veal pies, wMch every day were displayed in batches near to the open shop door. He was much annoyed by the predatory habits of the dogs of the vicinity, who would pop in when no one was looking, snatch up a pie, and make off with it before there was a chance of stopping them. There was one animal, a half- starved cur of the back slums, that ex asperated him more than any other. No thing served to cure this animal of its larcenous propensities. The sharpest punishment inflicted with the toe of a heavy boot, or with a strap or stick, might, sometimes, make it run out quicker even than it had run in, but the chastisement had no lasting effect. It was as though he consoled himself with the reflection that, though the pain was hard to hear, he might perhaps, by j good luck, contrive to ' lift ' two pies instead of one, to-morrow, that would ; make amends. Anyhow, it never failed J to try its fortune again, and the annoyed pastrycook had reason for ! knowing that the balance, on the whole, was in the animal's favour. " At last his patience was exhausted, and he resolved to bait t »» — . j p U 4i stop to the i nuisance. It was just about Christmas j time, and, taking advantage of the con fectioner being extra busy, the four- footed pilferer did not now scrapie to make a call twice, and even three tames daily, on each occasion carrying away a pie. It was this that determined Mm to expedite Ms vengeful design. He prepared a pie, and he placed in its interior enough poison of the deadliest description to kill half a dozen dogs of the largest size. In order to avoid the possibility of there being no mistake as to the identity of the fatal pasty, he placed a large red wafer on the top of it j Then tuning the exploit, he laid it on a j tray in front of all the others near the i shop door, and retired behind the counter J to await results. "He was not kept very long in sus pense. He could not see because of the counter's height, but presently he heard a cautions movement on the other side, I and he had no. doubt but that it was the dog, and therefore he did not stir. I for fear of disturbing it It did Dot seem, however, to be so quick in its movements as usual, so he peeped over the counter, and immediately became transfixed with affright. It was some body after the poisoned pie, but it was not the dog. It was a boy ! A poor little half-starved-lookihg waif of the streets, who possibly, saw in the distin guished red wafer a token of special excellence, had resolved to make that particular pie his prey. He must have been very hungry, because, no sooner had he clutched it — he had crawled into the shop on all-fours, -which ac counted for the pastrycook mist!-.. him for his canine enemy — than he must taste it He was in the act of i tasting it when the horrified shopkeeper I looked down' on him. He had bitten j out of the poisoned pie a large semi-cir- 1 cular piece and was greedily masticating it when, startled by a noise above, his head, he raised his face and found that that he was detected. Under such con ditions it was no wonder that, the pastry-cook took particular notice of the kind of face it was. Its expression Sras as though the boy, possessed of a keen sense of humour, was irresistibly tickled by the stupefied amazement exhibited by the pastrycook, and his utter inability to protect his pro perty. He ragamuffin's wide mouth was stretched with a broad grin, rendered ! the more goblin-like by the cucumstance ; that he squinted badly. . ' Drop it,' thei pastrycook presently found voice to yelL s 'It will kill you. Drop it Drop -it' J But no doubt the words sounded in the J «ais of the famished little thief like 1 1 Drop it, or Fll kill you," and with a :j defiant grimace that jnade him squint j Worse than ever, he scuttled out of -the J shop, first taking another -bite to nab J sure and make the'best of things -any- 1 I how before he started off Itwasalcng! counter, and it took the affrighted pastry- : cook a few seconds to stumble round it, I and reach the street, and when he bad done so the boy had disappeared. Here were plenty of courts and alleys in the neighbourhood, .and. no doubt he bad bolted down one or other of them. " He pie-maker was a man of nervous temperament, and grew so appalled at what happened that he was like one' de mented. Instead of returning immedi ately to his shop and raising an alarm, he went into a neighbouring public- house and drank off a glass of brandy to steady himself a hit, and.make up his ! mind as to what he should do. He was somewhat erratic in his libations, and it therefore did not much surprise his friend the publican when he called for two more glasses of brandy, one after the other, I and drank them off like the first. But j what did surprise the last-mentioned tradesman was when, abont fifteen min utes afterwards, he was informed that Mr. Pankache — -that is not his name, but it' will do — had fallen down in a fit, aroused from which he exhibited every symptom of insanity, so that the doctor had advised a straight- waistcoat and his immediate removal to some place where he might be taken proper care of. " I cannot tell you, with certainty and of my own knowledge that there was poison in the pie at alL "We have only the patient's uncorroborated statement, and it can claim to be nothing better than an insane idea. At the same time I should remark that . he has always adhered to it without the least variation as regards the details, so that it is reason able to assume that there is something in it But no poisoned boy's body was ever found, nor as far as could be ascer tained was there a boy of the neighbour hood missing. Be it as it may, it has occasioned in his disordered mind a strange delusion. " Very soon after he lost his senses ha became possessed of the notion that j the punishment for his crime was that I the poisoned "boy should haunt him in I three different shapes — animal shapes — I and that one after another they would j reveal themselves to him about Christmas time, not voluntarily, however. It was I his doom when the season came round I to seek out the creature that was animated by the vindictive spirit of his victim, and, as soon as possible to'de- I stroy it, as the longer it was allowed to exist the longer his torment would con tinue. When the 'shapes' were all an nihilated, the ghost of the poisoned boy would be appeased, and he—the afflicted pastrycook — would be left in peace "during the remainder of his existence. " I need tell you no more than that he has detected and destroyed two of his I haunting shapes, and that a month ago he was sent here once more in conse quence of his extraordinary behaviour in connection with what he conceived to . be the third. His mad fancy was that, after diligent search, he has discovered it in the largest of the monkey tribes at the Zoological Gardens, and he probably would have put a bullet through that animal's head had not a friend who was with him, and who had not the least idea what his design was, discovered that he was armed with a loaded pistol, which, concealed in his pocket, he already had in his grip as they approached the. proceeded to the apartment where Mr. Pankache was temporarily lodged. There was nothing in his ap- j I peaiance that, to my eyes, denoted Mm j mad. He was a stout little man, past j middle age, with a bald head, fringed j with grey hair, bine eyes, and a kindly j expression of countenance. He received us politely, but immediately afterwards plucked my companion by the coat sleeve and anxiously whispered, ' Is it all right i Is it quite safe still ?' ' This gentleman can answer for that,' the doc tor pleasantly replied, with a glance at me. ' He great ape, sir, at the Zoological Gardens ! You haveseen it recently, and know that it is as safely confined as ever it was V I replied that I had seen the creature recently (which was true), and that it was not at all likely that it would be permitted to. escape. 1 1 am much relieved to hear that,' responded the de mented pastrycook. 'Only that it wants yet many days to Christmas I could have sworn that it had got out and was search ing after me last night I couldn't get a wink of sleep. - One moment it would seem to be in the chimnev : the next it I was scratching at the door. Once" I thought I so distinctly heard it undei the bedstead that I jumped out to look. " ' He is a crafty villain, sir, that animal,' he continued, turning to me : ' an ugly customer, sir, to make his way stealthily into a person's bedroom and I attack him in his sleep. Hey should have let me shoot him. ' Why they did not after I explained my reasons for de siring the brute's death is more than I can understand.' And the blank stare with wMch he regarded the doctor and myself showed conclusively that such was the case. " ' At the same time, Mr. Pankache/ the doctor remarked, ' yon mnst- admit that the whole affair is involved in mystery. Yon; and yon alone, are able to recognise the animals destined to haunt yon, and who, as yon suppose, will do yon a fatal injury unless yon succeed in destroying them as in succession they - appear to jyon. A. mistake as regards identity j might lead to some awkward results.' "With a gesture of impatience Mr. Pan kache turned bis back on the doctor ancl addressed me. I understand, sir/aaidhe, ' that yon have been made acquainted with the particulars' of my unfortunate etoiy.' I nodded assent! ' And yon no donbt remember that featuretif it — those features I 'should rather eay- — the poor boy's features when he turned his free with that grin on itand with a piece of the'fraisoned pie in his month «e J leant over the counter to look at him! Miaf-jfrf bis identity, indeed ! There is no other grin in the whole World, sir, Tike that grin. He serious froe of a horse could not disguise it At least, from me,' I think I have proved thatmach- at least, Doctor.' " ' You certainly had to pay hekvy damages for shooting ahorse j if- that is what yon allude to/ returned the medical gentleman. " 'And I paid them willingly/ said the insane pastry-cook, with a satisfied air. ffejjras the first of my haunters, sir/ he continued, turning tome. 'I was on the look ont for it. beca'tkse bnt a short time "previously the revelation had been made to me what was the pnnishment I was condemned to for causing the grin ning boy's death. 1 You shall behannted/ the revelation declared, ' by that boy's free three times in three different animal shapes, and nuless yon destroy them ae they appear to yon either one of them will have power to destroy yon.' No one, I hope, will blame me after that for keep ing a sharp look-oat. I mast have done so,' or I should not have discovered the first of my three enemies in so seemingly harmless an animal as a horse hired at a livery stable. You may, perhaps, ask, how is it possible that each a creature conld do me an injury t To thatlreply ' I don't know, and have no means of as certaining ; but, as to the possibility of thB thing, I put it to you, sir, as one man of common-sense speaking to another, if it is possible, while yon are driving a four wheeled phaeton qnietlydown the White- chapel-road, for thehorae in the shafts to torn its head towards you with a grin on its countenance that once belonged to a boy poisoned and dead months before — if! I say, yon admit the possibility of snch witchcraft as that, I ask yon what wonld be -impossible to a brute so possessed I Yon can't get over that, I think, doctor.' " Only on the supposition that, by a jerk of the rein, yon may have twitched a corner of theanimal'a month, and that in your excitement yon may have mistaken it for a grin," returned the doctor good- hnmonredly. " Aye, aye, but yon forgot ' abont the 8quin'," retorted thedemented p'e-maker " It cannot have escaped your memory that that wretched boy had a most pe culiar squint. So had the horse, sir, as it turned its head and grinned at ma I saw the animal before it was put in the shafts, and its eyes were as straight as yours or mine, and when it leered at me it was Bqainting exactly like the boy when I caught him with the bite of poisoned pie in his month. So I took aim and shot it dead. The first law of Nature, sir — self-preservation — justified my doing so." " Yon pleaded the same excuse, if I re member rightly," the doctor remarked, " when the year following yon killed yonr housekeeper's cat t" The patient waa silent for several seconds, a most melancholy expression meanwhile over-spreading his simple- looking face. Then he nsed his pocket- handkerchief to wipe the gathering tears from his eyes. " That, sir," said he, " to me was a sacrifice I shall monrn to my own dying- day. I loved that cat, air, bnt What could I do under the crnei circnm- Btancea t Pip was as handsome a tortoise- Bhell as ever walked on four legs, be loved by all who knew him. His mistress's pet, and the constant companion of my meal times, I wonld have trusted that animal, sir, with untold" — he was abont to add"gold/' bnt being not qnite bo mad as to be unaware that such a temptation wonld not perhaps "be irresistible to a ca lline creature, be substituted, " canaries." "It shared the hearth rnuwilhjno m«> avug wenTngs wnen (Jnrietnias was approaching again. And for many even ings I took my pipe and my glass of grog with only the cat for company, and we were as comfortable as conld be. Bnt one night I was made aware that something was abont to happen. 1 had pork sausages for tea, and I offered Pip a portion of one, and he tnrned away from it in such a way as set me reflecting on the wonderfnl ioBtiucts of cats and the many strange stories I had heard re lated concerning them — how they were repnred to possess nine Jives, and how that in the old times it used to be under stood that cats, especially black ones, were on good terms with necromancers and witches. Bnt I declare I no more 8uapected Pipthao a child unborn. My confidence in him was each, that as he lay on the rag with his nose on the fonder, I caressed Ms back with the toe of my slipper, at the same time remark ing, in a jocnlar sort of way, " I wonder how mnch of Old Nick you've got in yon, old chap, and if any of yonr ances tors ever had a mistress who rode through the air on a broomstick 1" I repeat, air, I had not the remotest idea that my innocent remark was in the least degree applicable. Judge, then, of my horror and amazement when that wretched animal deliberately rose op on its four legs, cocked its back, and then, tnrning and staring me fall in thefrce, expanded its month and tnrned both its eyes towards its nose in as exact an imitation of the poisoned boy's squinting grin as though cast in the same mould f "I was thunderstruck, bnt after some time, sir, I preserved my self-possession. " " Perhaps that waa on account of the broken furniture that was discovered in the room," the doctor qnietly remarked. _ "Quite eo," said the insane confec tioner, with a knowing nod of his bald head. " Instead of regarding that as an indication that I knew perfectly well what I waa about, they maliciously made believe that it -showed, that I was ont of my mind. - I appeal to you, air, as a man ofsense. HT had been beside myself the -least - excited «ven — should -I not have ran away frightened when ! forma ont whatit was I had to deal with l I did nothing of the kind. I rapidly con sidered the matter and resolved on what had best be done! Beason dictated that X had a tough job before me. Here was a creature that possessed, not one life, bnt rune, remember i - and 1 had no donbt that it wonld fight to its last ' gasp for everyone of them. : ' Bnt I felt equal to the occasion, and seized on the poker, and a s traggle between ns commenced. If I had any doubts as to the state of the cue, they were dispelled at the first ; blow I made at the possessed beast. It uttered a cry -snch as no ordinary cat ever yet uttered, and flew at me — here, eir, are the ec&rs; 'on my -free in proof of its diabolical, forodty. That first Mow should have killed: it, bnt it had nine livee/and I wag bonnd to have them alL It was a fight ! It sprang at the fire-place to escape np the chimney, bnt with a swinging crack I prevented it, and that is how the chimney-glass got smashed. Here was not an article of furniture in the room it did not take refoge under, and it was no wonder there was Bach destruction. I counted them as I took them, when my housekeeper unfortunately came screaming into the room, and then the beast dashed out and ran upstair to the attic, and the window being open, it sprang ont on to the roof. It was, of course, bonod to follow it— if I had not done so all that I had already done wonld have gone for nothing. I was a slant ing elate-roof, with not more than twelve inches breadth of flat foothold, bnt it waa mnch bnrt and conld not ran fast, and I overtook it — with one blow finished it; knocked it off the coping, and down it went fifty feel below." "And the marvel is," remarked the doctor sb his mad patient, having brought his story to a conclusion, was wiping his perspiring brow with his handkerchief, " the marvel is, that he is alive to tell the tale. For a certainty he would have followed the poor cat, and been killed, only that as he struck the last blow 'his foot broke through the slates of the roof, and so he was held until he waa rescued." "That;" said the insane confectioner, snapping his finger, " is a mere detail. I accomplished my purpose ; I have related how, and no more need be said abont it There remains only one more — the big monkey — to get rid of! then I shall have wiped off the heavy Bcore Bgainat me." 