Brother Jack and the Other Jack^ By Jeakmb Lockbtt, Author of *' Joe's Ideal.' It may be quite true, indeed I suppose it is, that there is a caune for every effect, but, I most say, the causes f 6r«oa» of the simplest effects are not by any means easy todisoovar. They may be for older and wiser people, certainly, but they are not for me, fho-yn pviftft 9/14 nor wise— even though toy wisdom teeth, after tnuoa (to Bie) painful effort, have made their aoseatance. As proof thereof— I know my logic Is ftty faulty hen. as it may be entirely owing to my want of wisdom and not to tbe difficulty of tracing effects to their causes— though I could adduce many and weighty reasons why I shtfold not write this etory, and no valid reasons for doing? so, the fast remains thatl am writing it. I am not sure that, mor than a certain knife-grinder, I have a story to tell. It isn't much of a story certainly, and neither in it nor at the end of * it do I intend to point a moral I don't like stories with morals tacked to the ends of them, myself, and what I dis like mytelf I thould be very sorry to inflict upon mr reader. ~ * In the next place I have the melancholy consoiousnMs that neither mentally nor physically am I fitted to occupy the position of heioine, though that is the. position I ahau have to occupy in my story. If judged by the Buskin standard— and Austin, you know, is the exilic par esctUen* in respect of notion (in which storytelling is included) aa well as art— I would not be accounted worthy to figure evaa as one of the minor characters ; for no one seeing me In a Fentonville or any other omnibus would think of distin guishing me from the rest ot the passengers. I hava not what writers in the Family Herald would call a 'flower- like face.' Neither have I eyes ' of heaven's own blue,' nor hair of 'purest gold,' and I am not in the least sentimental. I never feel the least spark of sympathy with girls of seven teen, in stories or out, who suffer from blighted affection* : if 1 had my way I would feed them on bread and water tui tbey were cured. ~ ... After this somewhat lonff-wmded Drefaca I bar leave to - introduce myself to the reader in due'torm. My name the* is Bob. 1 1 does not eeem a suitable name for a heroine, sad perhaps that is (he reason it suits we. I wasn't christened Bob, of couree ; it was Jack- that is my brother Jack— who first cave it to me. He Baid it was Jthe only short same for Barbara at all suitable. He wouldn't hear of ' Baby,' and after a short trial he rejected ?' Kara,' ashavinga 'horsey' sound. So there was nothing left but Bob, and Bob it has been ever since. ' . My other name— Jack's and mine — is Ross. Jack is my only brother, and I have no sister. Having Jack, I don't remember ever wanting one. Jack is juBt four years older than I, and until about a year ago he aud I had lived with Aunt Barbara ever since I can remember. Our house was (as an auctioneer's advertisement would put it) pleasantly situated in one of the prettiest and healthiest suburbs of the metropolis — meaning1 Sydney. Speaking correctly, it is between two suburbs, which is in Borne respects a convenience, while in others it is an in convenience. For instance, it is a convenience to be close 'to two railway station.?, so that if you haven't time to catch the train at one station you may at the other, but it is incon venient, after racingyour hardest 10 one station, to find that the train only stops at the 'other. ' I have felt that incon venience more than* once, and each time it woufd have been an immense relief to my feelings- to shake some one. On ore occasion especially— 'but thafcmustcome in in the proper sequence of events. ., ? I wonder now' if I have properly introduced myself and my belongings ? If I were to rive my pen full liberty I could almost fill a volume about Jack. I don't believe there over was a hero— not -even Leander himself— who looked more like one than he. I can't say he ever did anything very heroic — except pull me out of a waterhole when we were children, and Jaek always would maintain that any fool could have done that — but I am euro that if occasion required it he would act the hero every bit aa well as he looks it. As children, we were always very happy together, Jack and I. We had our tiffs aud disputes like other children, . but Jack never hesitated a moment about ' making up,' no matter how much 1 had been in fault. On my side I don't remember hesitating more than once. It was after our worst quarrel. Jack had laughed at me, and I never could bear being laughed at. I got iu a dreadful passion and struck him with all my might, and 1 know it hurt too, though Jack would have it that the blow wasn't hard enough to kill a mosquito. He made no attempt to return it, and he forgave it before I forgave him for laughing at me. He never laughed at me in that way again, and we were as fond of one another and as happy together as it was possible for two children to be. Our first trouble (we were too young when it happened for the der.th of our parents to be a trouble) came when we rould no longer go to the same school together. But I always saw Jack into the train from the first day he started to go to the Grammar School to the day he jleft it, even though I had to scamper as fast as my legs could carry me to my own school afterwards. After he left school Jack still had to go into Sydney every morning, as he was learn ing to be a surveyor, and 1 continued to see him off in the train before going to school, though by that time I was getting too big to f camper. . Even after I left school myself I walked with Jack to the station every morning, and. wet or shine, was there to meet him every, evening. And in looking forward to the coming years I never could imagine a time when Jack would go oil without saying, '.' Now, Bob, are vou leady f ' or when I would not be ready to respond, ' Tes, Jack, 1'in coming.' Aunt Barbara was our dead father's only sister. Bnehad never married, and for some years had been a semi-invalid, compelled to spend her time on ber couch, with an occasional turn, on. her best days, in an in Valid chair. But a sweeter, dearer, nicer- looking, or more cUeerf ill-tempered middle-aged lady never, lived than Aunt Barbara. It is not. to be wondered at then that with such a brother as Jack, and .having Aunt Barbara, I should sever look forward to any Dther home.1 . fl I am just at this juncture reminded by a touch, of a cold nose on my disengaged hand that I have another, introduc tion still unperformed, and looking down I fancy. I can detect a reproachful glance in Jeff's eyoB us if he were'eon ftcious of the fact and considered hiaiBeJf slighted. Jeff is what judges ot dogs would call a mongrel, but he was given to me when bo was a puppy, and mongrel and. all aB he is I wouldn't exchange him for the best-bred dog going. He on his side would do anything in the power of a dog to do that I asked him, short of committing suicide, and I believe he would do that too if be could convince himself that I wished it. Tbe only thing aristocratic about him is his name, Sir Geoffrey Plantagenet, but it is only used in full on special occasions. To tell the truth, though he pretends to do so, Jeff doesn't like it. He thinks it absolutely necessary to carry himself, on such occasions, after a peculiarly dignified fashion, and as this dignity does not sit naturally on him, he not being tp the manner born, there is a stiffness about it that seems to tejl of much painful effort. Another reason for Jbit dislike lies in the fact that, try aB he may, he can nerer disabuse his mind of the idea that I am displeased with him when I, use it. I can quite understand the feeling, tori always experience it myself whenever Jack calls me »? Barbara.'. . And this mention of Jack reminds me that my story is hanging fire long enough to try the patience of the gentlest - of gentle readers, so, leaving the characters of our dramatis persona to unfold themselves gradually, I proceed. Out next trouble— if anything that had gone before could be called trouble— came about a year ago. Jack was then turned 23 and had become a regularly licensed surveyor. J had always known that some day he would have to go away Into (he country. He couldn't be always engaged in office work. Still I always looked upon it as a sort of remote contingency that might somehow be avoided. But the time arrived whea the contingency became a certainty not to bs avoided by any possible means. I believe now that I had always cherished a kind of misty idea that when Jack went surveying I would' go too. Hot that I ever thought of learning the art of surveying myself , though for the matter of that 1 don't think the practical part, such as holding the chain straight, fixing the sticks, and taking eights, very ditjjeult. But I would not have minded in the least travel ling about and living in teots. However, wben the time came- f o» Jack to go I knew the idea was not to be thought of for a moment, much less spoken about or seriously enter tained. I couldn't even wish to leave Aunt Barbara, and fp think of her travelling about the conntry was entirely out ot the question. . ' .- . . rdojj't suppose it is in the nature of men to feel snob things very much. Still, 1 know that, though Jack did not feel the going away as Aunt Barbara and I felt it, he was very- sorry. Several times during the leit day for two I noticed a huekineas in his voice in speaking to me or .aunt, ; especially the last evening, when he said. ' Bob, I'm going for a walk— will ybucome too ? ' though he tried to hide it by calling out, with a pretence of grujJness, ' Here, JeS ! Jeff Tyou lazy old fellow, we'll go pff without jpo' if, jou 4onfjfc£urry*up!' ; ? . An for me, my throat ached for days with the efforts I made to keep a dreadful lump out of it, and keep from crying at the same time; notwithstanding which I did cry a good deal when nobody saw me. And. as I couldn't cry Writer the fashion peculiar to . heroines I must: have looked a most deplorable object. But I didn't care in theleast for that. Indeed, I seamed to derive a kind of dismal pleasure from the tight .of my blotched and swollen countenance, when shut up in m? room ftt night revelling in the luxury of a good cry. I cannot even now. bear' to think of the weejrs that , passed $0 slowly and dismally after Jack went away. J don't mean that I cried very much, or moped, or got thin and haggard, or was threatened with jdecline, like heroines do whe». crossed Jwl Jove' or whose parents do not hold exactly the same ideas about lovein a cottage bb them selves; hut I went about .aching all over, with the feeling that Jack was gone, and that the old life in which we were everything to each other was over anddone with: - '? :i Iu three or four months Jack had thought ha would be able to take a run down for a week or so, but eight months went bv before be came; He had been surveying-in a part ' of the country he tailed ' out back,' the nearest post-town being fifty miles away, but for the last twe months before he came down his camp was located within a few Illfles of a tolerably Bized town, bo that 1 had a letter every week. ?' Yon may expect me any day ebon after you get this tetter' he had said when he last wrote; to ef course I began expecting him the next day. Then the next, and-the aext, gome to 5ie station every evening to meet him, aud coming back disappointed. But now a week had gone by, esd ss no letter Issd fioj^e to say he was set I fel^ssrs of bie coming: jjGeffseebatlauwef it too, for every time I j faidtohim,' Jack's coming to-day, Jejji | 'r-auu I said it on » moderate calculation several dozens of timei— he wonULwag his tail in a way that said as plain ara tail could say any* thing, 'I'm sure oi it.' I had ' dope up ' Jack's room every morning during the week, but tbis morning I spent more time than usual over it, though Sarah told Aunt Barbara she couldn't for her part think bow I could find anything to do to it, for 'speck nor spot bad never been Been in it by her since the day Mr. Jack went away.' Aunt Barbara aud I went back to our old habit of dining in the evening, as we nred to do when Jack lunched in town. We had given up doing so while he was away, chiefly because I couldn't bear to sit down to dinner at that hour with Jack's chair empty. I made a kind of pudding I knew J ack liki d, and, telling Sarah to be sure and have the dinner ready to diah soon after I cams back from the station, 1 set off with JeS in the evening, feeling sure I [should bring Jaok back with me. . The train by which I expected him to arrive would reach the station shortly after 5 o'clock. I went to the Petersham Btation because I felt sure Jack would get 'out there in pre ference to going on to' Stan more. He would, I knew, change trains at HotnebuBh, as the passenger train did not stop at the suburban stations. I got to the station in time to see tbe passenger train pass, and a few minutes after the suburban train came-in Bight. I don't know which was tbe most excited, JeS or I, as it cime along. ' Jack's comiiig, Jeff ! We'll see him directly ! ' I kept repeating. Then, ' How alow it is ! Why doesn't it come faster f-— Oh, here it is— but what's the matter ? Why, it's not going to stop — and there's Jack at the window.' I saw him wave his hand!' Yes, it waB quite true, Jack was in the train, but the train had not Btopped. At the most it could only make a difference of half -an-hour's time if I were to go straight home, but I was as much disappointed as I had been the evening before when I found he had sot come, i was more than disappointed : I was vexed. If I could only have shaken that guard, or porter, who stood looking eo uncon cernedly after the fast disappearing train, it would have been a slight relief to my feelings. ' Another train in two minutes, Miss,' he said in a civil tone, glancing towards me as I stood holding Jeff's collar and looking savage. 'Why didn't that one stop P— it did yesterday,' 1 snapped, too excited to express myself clearly. 'Time-table altered. Miss. But here comes the other. You won't lose much time— have you got your ticket ? ' he answered, thinking evidently that I was a would-be passenger. ' '? No— get me one, please,' I said suddenly ; ?? and one for the dog too,' I added, having decided to go on to the Btanmore stalbn, as Jack would ecaroely have left it before I got there. But .there was not time to get the tickets, for the train came iu as I spoke, aud the porter had other duties to per form. ' Get in.Mies,' he said, as he parsed me ; 'I will put the dog in and speak to the guard— it'll be all right?' I didn't sit down, as I would be getting out in a minute, or so. ' How much longer it is this evening— I suppose that's because I'm in such a hurry,' I thought, ,when at last it stopped, but as I got out I heard shouts of 'New- town! Newtown! ' from the guards. 'Have we passed Stanmore ?' I asked the ticket collector as he held out his hand for my fare. 'Yes, Mies. This train didn't stop there,' he said; adding, as Jeff rushed up to me, ' Is this your dog P ' 1 paid tbe fares for myself and Jeff, feeling that I would like to shake every railway official in the service, not even excepting that august personage the Commissioner. 'How f oon will there be a train from Sydney, calling at either Stanmore or Petereham? I suppose it would be too much to expect one to stop at each,' I asked the station* master, as snappishly as I could epeak. ? 'In about twenty ^minutes, Madame,*' was the civil reply. . ' Oh, then. I shall not wait. I could walk to Petersham in that time, I said, venomously. I did walk, though it took me rather more titan twenty minutes to get right home, but it did me good, for I managed to walk off a large amount of ill-humour, and by the time I reached our gate I was feeling prepared to have a laugh with Jack over my wild-goose chase after him. ? ?? r ' ft was quite dusk, it being winter time, when I pot home, and I wondered that there was no light iu the dining-room, though there was, in Aunt Barbara's. - Thinking that Jack must ba in w th aunt, I walked into the house and straight into the dining-room, intending to go through into aunt's sitting-room, which opened out of it But, just as I got inside the dining-room door, I caught sight of the outline of- Jack's figure standing by the window. , ?'He's looking out for me, the dear old fellow— that's why he has not Tit the gas. But he could not have seen me pome in, after all,' I thought, as I went softly up to him/ He turned as I came dose, and then I caught hold of him round the neck crying, out, as I alternately hugged and kissed him: ki Oh, Jack, Jack, I am glad to. see you!' (a figure of speech that, for I couldn't see him at all.) ' What a chase I've had after you ! I suppose you've been wonder ing what kept me. I got in the next train to go after you to gtanmore, and it took me to Newtown ; and I walked back. But I don't mind a bit now. Jack, dear ' (I no longer felt savagely disposed towards the Commissioner and hiB staff just then— certainly not to the extent of wanting .to shake them). ' I'm almost glad now that I didn't meet you at the station, for I couldn't have kissed you much there ' (moit certainly not to the extent I was kissing him just then). '.But oh, Jack, I'm cure yon have grown since yon went away, and your beard is longer and ever bo much thicker!' [All this time— it was in reality not many minuted, though now as I write about it it seems much longer— Jack had not spoken a word, without one or two half -smothered ejacula tions could be called speaking. But I did not notice it, as I was talking so fast myself, in the intervals between kissing and hvggiQg him. At last i t struck me that I was doing all tbe talking, and at the same time it seemed to me that Jack was try iDg to free himself, so I released my hold, saying, *fWhy, Jack, I must have nearly choked you; but I couldn't help it, for I am so glad to see you again.' (An extension of the figure of speech, as by this time. I could scarcely make out his outline-) ' And you're glad to tee me, too— aren't you, dear?' To this a naif-smothered sort of voice , that sounded like, and yet not like, .jack's replied: -. ???? ? ,.? ? II Yea— at least I would if I oonld. But isn't that your aunt-r-isn't that aunt calling you P If you'll go to fieri will light the gas.*' And then he added, in a tower tone, something that Bounded like, . ,♦' I wish to goodness I had done it long ago.' ?'Oh, Jack, Jack! there's something dreadful the matter —I'm sure there ib!' I said, stepping back and vainly tryinir to see into bis face! Wild fancies' of his having committed some crime—or rather of what might be accounted a crime, though innocent in intent, for I knew Jack would never do a wrong action wilfully—came tumbling into my head, one over the other, till I felt as if I were losing my senses. I made no attempt to leave the room or to answer Aunt Barbara, though I could plainly hear her calling me, and Jack, though it didn't strike me as curious, made no movement towards lighting the gas. That is it didn't at first ; but after a moment or two the thought that Jack had met with an accident, 'and didn't want me to see* the result of it, tail had heard about it from Aunt Bar bara, came into my mind with a suddenness that made me gasp for hreath. But just then Jeff gave a ihort, glad bark, and almost at the came moment a voice sounded outside, eaying: . », .-...,:.,.- ?« Is that you, Jeff, old fellow F Then Bob must have oome home, after all!' ? ??..;? I just waited to hear the gats open before I rushed from the roonv though it seemed as if it was the room which was rushing away from me; and J had no' idea -where I wanted to run to except to get away somewhere -and hide myself. In the hall I was caught in the someone's arms who had just spoken outside— with Jack's voice too. But if he was 'Jack, who was that in the dining-room whom I 'had been kicsing and hugging ? It was I that was speechless now, -while the someone with Jack's voice ^assaying excitedly : ?* Why, Bob, my Sear, what a chase you've given me ! But I'm glad yeu got home all Tight; you mwt have pnly .just come In, though, for you've not lit the'g&i;, end 1 sup*' pose you haven't seen— —why, what's the matter, Bob f Are you frightened f' . ' Let me go, Jack,'.' I managed to gasp out, as, still holding me, he was going into the dining-room. I knew now that he was Jack. But (he other, the one I had been kissing and hugging, was he a ghost, or what ? Ghost or no ghost, I daren'tface the mom, knowing he was there, and knowing too, by the feel of it, that my face was as red as a turkey-cock, if not redder. Good gracious, how it did burn ! As for my ears, I wonder they didn't set fire to my hair. I'm sure the temperature was high enough, and it was hours, if not days before they got cool again. Indeed, I don't think they have become properly cool yet. Asa scientist would put it, the temperature is abnormal, with a tendency towards fever heat. That is the case whenever I think of that scene in the dining- room— or what would have been a scene if there had been light enough— even though it happened some months ago. I managed to free myself just as tbe somebody I had mistaken for Jack applied a match to the gas, and, rushing incontinently to my own room, locked myself in, and -eat down in the dark on the floor and commenced fanning my face with my hat to try to get cool. But I might as well have tried to cool a fire by blowing it with a pair of bellows. I got hotter and notter as I thought it ell over. If I could only stop thinking of it— or, what was worse,. acting it in imagination all over again ! But I couldn't, and it was no use trying, so I got up, lit the gas, and looking at the reflec tion of my flushed face and tumbled hair apostrophised it in tones of the bitterest sarcasm. ' Bob, Bob, you have made a fool of yourself at last ! ' I growled, shaking my fist at my note's reflection. ' Th6 idea of you not knowing yourown brother from an utter stranger, who might for all you know be a burglar. I don't suppose he's much better if the truth were known. No burglar could have shown himself more unprincipled. How dare be let me £0 on kissing him like that ? How dare he ? ' By this time I was stamping wildly about the room making fresh attempts to get cool, but getting hotter instead, despite repeated douches ot cold water to my face. In tbe midst of it all a knock came to the door and Jack called out, ' Do come here, Bob, and let me speak to you. ' I opened the door half an inch or so and said : ' Has that man gone yet, Jack? Who is he? and how did he come there ? ' By ' there,' I tnent the dining-room, where I seemed to see a picture of him standing and me kissing and hugging him in a shameful manner; it seemed shameful now that I knew he wasn't Jack. 'He came with me; I'll tell you all about it another time. Come down now and let us have dinner,' he answered. ? ' He's not going to stay here, Jack ; for goodness' Bake say he's not going to do that !' ? ' He must, Bob, at anyrate to-night.' ''But I can't see him, you know, Jack. He told you What a mistake I made, didn't he?' 'Yes, Bob; it was natural enough. I wouldn't trouble about it if I were you.' ' It was not natural enough for him to stand there and let me do it and cot say one word to stop me. 1 suppose he couldn't speak for laughing. I know he was laughing by the way he spoke afterwards.' ' No, Bob ; you ere mistaken. He was too much taken aback at first, and then he boped by sot speaking that you would not find out your mistake. He intended, if you had left tbe room, to slip out and not come in again till after 1 came borne. Now, Bob, be a sensible girl, and don't trouble any more about it.' .' 'But how can I come down, Jack? He'll be sure to laugh as soon ss he sees me.' , . . ' No, I'm sure he won't. He's very sorry as far as you are concerned, but he says I'm a lucky fellow to have such a sister. Do come down and give us some dinner, for we're nearly starving. I know I am, and I suppose Jack is too, for we've had nothing but a stale sandwich each Bines early this morning.' i ? ? '' ??,*.?????. ?« Why do you mil him Jack ?*» ' Because it's his name. His other name is Bobs, the same as ours, and what's funnier still, he has a sister called Barbara. I shouldn't wonder if we turn but to be relatives. Aunt will know; but we'll talk of that another time. Come on sow and let us get dinner.' ' It's all. the fault of those dreadful trains ; nothing could be more provoking than the way they run. I'd like to shake that Commissioner,' I said, savagely, as I followed Jack down stairs. ' With all my heart,' said Jaok, laugh ing, but whether he meant that he would like to assist me in the shaking process, or whether that he sympathised with the state of my feelings to that extent I cinnot say. I should imagine the latter,* for he thinks a good deal of the Commissioner since meeting him, at a railway opening, , or something, not long before be came down on this visit. . ' I followed Jack into the dining-room and got through, somehow, an introduction to my brother's friend, Mr. Jaok K 6ss. That is I bowed; and mumbled something, while he eaid, 'Glad to make your acquaintance, Mifs Boss, as coolly as if he had' never seen me before, which, when I. come to think of it, he never had— for of course if it had been light enough to see each other' that dreadful mistake would not have occurred. I rang the bell for Sarah to bring in the dinner as soon as tbe introduction was over; and then passed into Aunt Barbara's sitting-room. ' . ' My dear child, why did you -not come to me sooner?— Yes, yes, I know all about tbe mistake you made, without bang told.' ? ' u I suppose too heard, aunt — -it's no wonder, for I made noise enough.' I said gloomily. - ' Well, never mind, my dear. There was no harm done after all. Now do go and give those poor lads some dinner. Don't mind me, for I had 5 o'clock tea, and jcould not eat anything now.' \ - ' Oh, aunt, I must bring you in some, I couldn't sit out the dinner without,'* I saio dismally, feeling that I must have Borne reason for leaving the table now and then. ' I'm . like a boiled lobister now, but what 1 shall look like before the dinner's over I don't know,' I added, wishing I could run away to sea or sexnewhere a long way off. I am quite conscious, in writing this, how very, very unlike a heroine in a novel I looked, and acted, but I can tell you it isn't easy to act and look heroine- lifce in real life just when you want to. At least it wasn't for me, and without you have come through exactly toe same ordeal please don't judge me too severely. . ~ . I did manage to get through that dinner by rushing' off with the cruet or anything I oould conveniently carry off whenever I felt my ears get hotter than usual. Jack and his friend had the talk to themselves, for it was as much as I oonld do to blurtout a few words in reply to a remark or two addressed to me. Mai apropos, they were too, : aa, for Instance, when my brother said, . - s' II Very cold weather we're getting now, BoV I «mid, 'Yes, dreadfully hot— I don't know what Ssxth was thinking of to put a fire in— ^at least; tea, I suppose it is,' and then off I rushed with something to Aunt Barbara. ' , ' r^-' I am quite sure that I never once looked at Jack's friend, and yet somehow. I knew what he was like. Be was a little taller than Jack,' and' his beard was longer, but in other respecte he could scarcely have been more like him if he had been his own brother. His voice, too; sounded a good deal like Jack's, and he had the same merry twinkle in bis brown eyes. How I leaned all that I don't know, for when I wasn't rushing off to Aunt Barbara I was sitting staring at my plate in the most undignified and uncomfortable manner possible; but I'd like to know who could look dignified and fed comfortable with ears as red and. sot as mine were. '.''.'.' — 1 I also found out in some myateriona manner that though his (by which I mean Jack's friend's) eyes had a merry look in them be showed no disposition to laugh at me. The knowledge contained a modicum' of comfort for me too, not that I no longer felt angry with him. I did feel very angry, and I know I hated him— although he was so like my brother Jack — with a perfect hatred. 'Yes, I did; there!' This outburst Intake aloud end it is occasioned by some body looking over my shoulder a« I write, and remarking, with a pinch on my ear, . 'You don't expect anyone to believe that, do you, pet?' ' Yes, they would— readers always do— if tou hadn't come and spoilt it all,' I continue iu my savairest growL Kovr after that how am I to take up th& thread of my story? And if I did would the reader care for it? I know 1 nevw like anjr pno to *eU me the end of ft »toiy just when I am In the middle of it, and .yet here am I at the end of my ?tory without telling how I got there ! All that is left for , me to do is apologise, and sandwich in the intervening portion of my story as neatly and briefly as possible- , Aud I will begin by saying that it was not my fault that I got fend of the other Jack, atter— oh, a long .while after he got fond of me. For if your brother— your only brother — goes, and falls in love with someone else's sister wbat are you to do V Just tell me that ! The fact was Jack— that is ' my brother Jack— had fallen over bead and ears in love with the other Jack's sister about a month before he came down. His camp was only about a mile distant from their place, and consequently he had seen a good deal of vtheni. Jack says it was because the was so much like me. But I know better. 1 know he thinks her a good deal prettier than 1 am, even when my ears are not red. When I tell tue other Jack that, he says he thinks I am tbe prettier— that is when I don't look savage. But the reader knows, as well as I.lbat ' men are not always the most competent judges of good looks in our sex, especially when they fancy themselves in love. ' * . ' Fancy themselves in love ! Come, that's a good one,' pays one of the Jacks (the reader of course- knows which) just at this juncture, pinching my other ear. If I were not sure of tbe sympathy of the reader in the difficulties under which I labour in trying to finish this story I would stop right away. That there are difficulties is be yond question, for 1 gust put it to you, moBt sympathetic of readers, to tell me how a person could go on writing with the perfect equanimity necessary for such an undertaking with someone tweaking that person's ear. But feeling that I have that sympathy, and haviDg relieved my feeling* by jobbing Jack's finger with my pen, and having patted' Jeff's head, to assure him of my unabated affection, of which he has lately tshown a disposition to be sceptical, 1 proceed. The ensuing evening after that never- to-be forgotten dinner was spent by the Jacks land myself in Aunt Bar bara's sitting-room, I need hardly tell* the leader that I choee a seat where the light couldn't fall directly on my face, or ears either, and that ti» {sewing I had in band received vey marked attfntion. 4* the same time I must confess that the piece of sewing I thfen did would cot receive a prize at an exhibition of needlev^rk, though generally speaking my sewing would pass n&ster.; Amongst other things we diacovered-at leart' iA.ifitfr ^arbara did- rthat Jack's friend and his sister (thej'e,;TOre.only the two of them) were cousins several times re$yfid. ; I made a discovery later on in w» evening on my own account, which was. that 1 didn't hafe Jack's friend to an extent worth counting, so I concluded^tfiat it was tcarcely worth while to hate him at all, Befor*the end of tae week, during which he stayed with us, I gotf o Jike him a little, and then after Jack was engaged tof ftfg&sister; Barbara (whose pet name is Baby) I got to HI nrliMT ? 11 quite as much ss was good for me ; and now Aunrf&Hnza; and I and Jeff are living in the same houBe with him^mcl he is— he is Baying, ' Just stop scribbling, little wifeyi and come for* ride.?? . P.S.— 1 ongbt to add a postscript; I aiwayadb when I write letters ; and, as Jack has gone for tbe horses, I will. I don't want to add a moral. As I said in the beginning I don't like stories with morals. But for the benS^-of my fiwh sex I am going to add a word of advice. 1 It is this. Never take tbe initiative in kissing even your own brother, and (.thisis for readers in general) always study a time table before going to a railway station.:.*But it just strikes me that if I had acted in accordance with my own advice I might not now be Jack's (the other Jack's) wife and — such, is human nature— I cannot be sorry I didn t. Jack says he was ' bound' to fall fa love with me any way, though he' is free to confess that my mistake precipitated matters— but tae horses are waiting— ' Come, JefF.' ? ? 