(irigmal Cale. THE MYSTERY OF FERNBROOK. + By Atha.| (Author of " Living or Duad," "Other People's Money," "Brandon Wcstlake," " Maoris and Pakclias," " Australian Elves," "&c.;, &c.;, &c.;) PROLOGUE. THE BURNING SCHOONER. V jprf N the evening of the 10th December, 1851, the A Durham Castle, merchantman, 1,000 tons \\) J, register, lay like a huge log upon the waters. In the breathless stillness of a tropical after- noon, when the air was hot and heavy, and cxSjs tne sicy brazen ana ciouaiess, there was not a puff of wind to ruffle the surface of the ocean upon which the ship rose and fell with the monotony of a clock's pendulum. The hot sun had just got low enough to peep beneath the awning that covered the poop deck, and spread his rays athwart the recumbent figure of a man asleep on the cabin skylight. Save for the man at the wheel, and another at the quarter railing, the sleeper was alone on the deck. In the absence of a breeze the ship rolled and lurched on the heaving sea, her idle sails flapping against tlie masts with a regular recurring noise, and her bowsprit rising higher with the swell of the water, only to dip again the next moment with a jerk that made each rope tremble and. tauten. The Durham Castle had been 65 days out from the Land's End, ami was fast approaching her destination, when a dead, sleepy calm environed the vessel as if she had entered the Dead Sea. The appearance of the ship differed in nowise from that of an ordinary liner, except perhaps that she carried a more than ordinary complement of passengers. The intense heat had driven these below, some to indulge in cards and other games, some to read, and the remainder to sleep — like the man reposing on the cabin skylight. By-and-by, as the sun sank lower down on the vast area of golden azure, this personage awoke. Stretching himself after the manner of a ponderous ape, he threw a quick glance upward at the flapping sails, and then called out — " For'ard there !" " Aye, aye, Capt'n," replied the man forward. " Pass the word for Mr. Jones," he cried ; then rising and advancing towards the binnacle, he said, " No sign of a change yet, Benson 1" " None whatever, Captain," responded the man at the wheel. " There isn't as much wind as would fill a paper balloon." Mr. Jones, the chief officer of the Durham Castle, a bandy-legged, big-bearded, gruff-voiced son of Neptune, waddled on deck, and drew near his superior, Captain Jepp Bowman. " Reef the topsails, and haul taut the foresheet and jib, Mr. Jones ; we may as well make everything snug for the night," said the skipper. The commotion overhead roused the attention of the passengers, who flocked on deck to watch, and some to help the crew in taking in sail. Many were here who cast anxious looks over the broad expanse of waters in search of the first glimpse of that new land which for the future was to be their home. Others there were, and of these not a few, who were returning home again from a visit to that older and former home. The colonist, the immigrant, the needy, and the well-to-do, all crowded together to watch the sun go down into the vast sea in all his glory of crimson and gold. " How many days before we reach port, Captain ?" asks a tall, burly, sheep-farmer, returning to his station on the Patea, from a trip to Scotland. " Well, I reckon if we have no better wind than we've had lately, we shall reach Auckland about Tib's Eve, which, by-the-way, is neither before nor after Christmas," replied the skipper, laughing. " Oh, but 1 trust to eat my Christmas dinner at Glenbock with the Missus and weans," added the farmer. " I hope so," rejoined Captain Bowman ; " a cat's paw will waft us into port if we can only get it." " Then we are near land ?" " Very near. According to my calculations the Great Barrier is not a hundred knots distant. I expect to sight its peak every hour." The news soon spread, and when the dinner-bell rang there assembled a gladsome array of faces in the saloon and the fore part of the ship, to congratulate each other that the end of the long and tedious voyage was at an end. Darkness came apace, with hosts of stars, which were mirrored on the bosom of the glassy sea, like unto some wonderful floor studded with diamonds. On deck the passengers are standing in knots, laughing, and chatting, and smoking. " Fine night 1" says one of these — a well-made, soldierly-looking old gentleman, striding up to the Captain, and joining his pace with that of the skipper. " No signs of a breeze yet, though, Colonel Lan- grove." " How provoking 1" Just then, from out of the violet haze that hung over the horizon, a strange glare of light broke. " Hallo !" cries the Colonel, " did you see that?" Captain Bowman rubbed his eyes. " I saw it dis tinctly — a flash of light 1" Every one on deck had seen it. " Mr. Tremain, the second officer, saw something like that before dinner. There must be thunder in the air," responded the Captain, as he passed into his cabin for his night glass. Ere the skipper returned, a thin streak of light shot up for an instant, then sank again. The Captain had seen it. Placing his glass in the direction, he looked long and carefully. " What is it, sir ?" interrogated the Colonel. " I can hardly make it out," replied the Captain, still looking intently through his glass. " There seems to rest a tiny black cloud on the extreme end of the western horizon ; and, if it was not for the crimson sky, I should say there was flame with the cloud." " What 1 A fire ?" " Aye !" An hour later one simultaneous exclamation burst from all the watchers on deck. From out the gloom there rose a column of flame that lighted up the night for the space of two seconds, and then fell, leaving a dull, red spark upon the water. " It's a ship on fire, gentlemen !" cried the captain, and in the same breath an order was given to lower a boat. The long boat was in the water in a few minutes, and Mr. J ones stood by the gangway awaiting further orders from his chief. " She does not appear a very large ship," responded the captain, in answer to a question put by some one near. " A fore and aft schooner I should say, by the cut of her ; but she is a long way to leeward, a good ten miles, or more. Mr. Jones." " Aye, aye, sir 1" "Put a keg of water and a flask of brandy aboard ; then call the watch." " Poor devils ; they will be roasted like chesnuts," muttered the colonel, as the glow in the sky became more and more intense. " They've got their own boats," says Captain Bow man, coolly ; " and you may be certain they will make use of them. In the meantime I'll show them that there's some one near. There, they'll see that," he added, as a rocket lose upward with its ghastly flame in the air. " Mr. Jones, man the long boat with six men. You may take a volunteer or two from any of those gentlemen willing to go with you." In a moment a score proffered their services, but only a relay for the six oars were selected, and the boat pushed off into the darkness. The sea appeared oil rather than water. Huge foamless billows rolled onward without a sound — nay, the very stillness of the air seemed emptied of sound, save for the dip of the oars, which was re-echoed in space by a succession of strange impressions like voices. The men pulled with a will. As the blades struck the dark element, it flashed fire, and the track of the boat resembled a sea-snake writhing through a lake of quick silver. " Give way, lads !" urges the mate with cheery voice, and the rowers, with set teeth, and compressed lips, pro pel the little vessel along with the speed of a steam yacht. By-and-by they are in the cloud of smoke which hangs over the crimsoned water, and the order is given to ease off a little. The burning ship is close at haud now. Mr. Jones wonders that no boats have been met with. Raising his voice he bids his exhausted crew lay on their oars, then hails the burning vessel. She is a huge, clumsily-built schooner, with great breadth of beam. Though the fire had only been seen but an hour or two ago by those on board the Durham Castle, the craft was already a wreck, and appeared completely deserted. Amidships and the lower deck was one mass of flame. Her ports presented great charred rifts and gaps, where the red-hot fire glowed as through the bars of a gigantic furnace. The masts had gone by the board, and trailed a blackened wreck in the water. The flames still roared like a cataract, amidst huge volumes of smoke, which rolled away like a cloud over the sea. The mate pulled slowly round the stern, and hailed the deck again and again. Still there was no answer, though the flood of light that dyed the water struck out every spar and rope as distinct and clear as noon day. " What is her name, men ? Can you see ?" roared the mate through his hands, as the boat drew nearer. One of the men in the bow stood up, and shading his eyes with his hands, called out — " It is the Seagull, sir !" "The Seagull? From where?" " Sydney, New South Wales 1" again cried the bow man, amid the roar of the flames. " That will do. Back water, men. Round with her. There is not a living soul here," cried the officer, and he gave the order to pull back to the ship. Mr. Jones was mistaken, though. Through the gloom, and shrouded in the cloud of thick smoke, two men lay to in a boat. The oars were in their hands, but they did not use them. With straining eyes these two personages watched the move ments of Mr. Jones and his companions with all absorb ing interest. Once, when the mate passed near on his return, one of them put up his hand as if to call out, but the other, with a quick movement, seized him by the throat, and muttered, in a smothered, angry tone, " Fool ! would you betray us ?" held him down until the others had passed by, and left the lurid mass but a red speck in the distance. When day broke, and the Durham Castle appeared but a speck upon the vast surface of waters, those two solitary men hoisted an old tattered sail they had with them in the boat, and sailed away from the charred wreck of the ill- fated schooner, steering a course almost due west. BOOK I. — Chapter I. FERNBROOK. tO SPOT in the whole Southern Hemisphere can boast such a bold, rugged, and imposing coast line as New Zealand. On its most northern ledge towers the Great Barrier wy>j Rock — the first point on which the ocean- rvH? tossed mariner first rests his eye — the first land seen when bearing up for Maoriland. A strange land this. Along its shores the vision encounters huge and mystic shapes at every turn of the sea wall. Here, the Colossus of Rhodes ; there, a ponderous sphinx, rising sheer above its fellows, and whose base has been lapped by the restless waves for a thousand years. Truly a strange country is this of Tewaito, the Maori, and the most mystic and awe-inspiring spot of all is that of the Barrier Rock. Save the Fire Moun tain of Tongongoro, it is the grandest and also the highest point in New Zealand. It is a gigantic mount, as large as Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by the sea, except at the western end, where there is a narrow strip of Kauri forest, which links it with the main laud. Viewed from the. sea the Barrier presents the appear ance of an exact cone up to within fifty yards of its top. There the sloping ends. Beyond it is treeless, and as bare and bald as the crown of a Friar ; otherwise the sides of the giant guardian of the land of the Maori are densely wooded to the water's edge. Singular indeed betimes is the treeless summit. Seamed, and scarred, its surface is mottled with a dark glaze, which, during the sunlight, and even under the mellower beams of the moon, gives forth a coruscation, as if the light were reflected from scale armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, are everywhere around it, and the strange glow is over all. No northern painter in primeval days ever dreamed of forms so mighty, so grotesque, as seemed to look down upon you from the rocks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the imagination to people those heights and depths with a race of Titans, to conjure up the sculptor at his work — rude though it may be, after all the countless ages that have passed. On the southern side of the Barrier, and within a mile of that narrow neck of earth which joined the great rock to the main land, stood a large and solidly-built mansion. Its position was a broad, sloping ridge, which ran parallel with the base of the mount for more than half its entire length, overlooking a lovely valley. The architectural style of this building was almost as quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Colonel Fernbrook purchased the Barrier Rock from the Maoris for one hundred pounds and six fowling-pieces. Report had it that the gallant Colonel, although a young man, had led a very fast life in London ; had killed a brother officer in a duel, and had thereupon fled the country. Be that as it may, certain it is that at thirty the Colonel settled at the Barrier Rock, married a half-caste Maori of great beauty, and built himself a home, which for over half a century has stood, and still stands the foremost point of interest in the whole of the North ern Island of New Zealand. Twenty years before Colonel Fernbrook purchased the Barrier — one Kyack, a Dane and a smuggler, tun nelled the Rock in every direction for the purpose of carrying out his unlawful business with better security. Even after the smuggler had perished, an I his men had been driven to the winds, these vast caverns remained unknown, save only to a few. It was during the first Maori war that the Colonel dis covered them, and put them to good use by secreting no less than five thousand of his countrymen at various times from the pursuit and vengeance of the Maori. By his marriage the Colonel had two sons, twins. These boys grew up as like each other as two peas. Indeed the likeness both in form, face, and voice, was most marvellous. At ten years of age, however, the fates cut the lives of the twins asunder. One rough morning, Paul Fernbrook, in company with an old Maori attendant, went for a sail to Dolphin Point, in an open boat, but neither boy nor attendant ever returned. The boat was found a week later, bottom upward, over two hundred miles at sea. On the flank of Fernbrook, overlooking the valley, and some way up the mount, a clear spring of water gushed forth. So copious was it as to merit the name of Torrent. In its descent down the slope it was joined by others, and soon became a roaring torrent, leaping from ledge to ledge, and foaming as it followed its on ward course. Half way between the summit of the ridge and the ravine a deep longitudinal hollow lay in its track, into which the stream was precipitated in a clear, curving cascade. This singular hollow resembled the crater of an extinct volcano, in the circumstance that on all sides it was surrounded by a precipice facing inwards, and rising two or three hundred feet sheer from the level below ; not of circular shape this, as craters generally are, but more in the form of a ship, the stream falling in over the poop, and afterwards escaping through a narrow cleft in the bow. In consequence of an obstruction at its exit the stream formed a lagoon, and made its escape below through a gorge, black and narrow, bounded on each side by the same beetling cliffs that ringed in the valley. At the lower end of this gorge was a second waterfall, where the stream again pitched over a precipice of several hundred feet, and thence travelling round the foot of the mount, emptied itself into the sea. The upper cascade shot down upon a bed of grim scouri boulders, through the midst of which the froth- crested water seethed swiftly onward to the lagoon beneath. Above those boulders hung continuously a cloud of white vapour, like steam ascending out of some gigantic cauldron. When the sun was upon that side of the rock, an iris might be scon shining ami 1st the fleece- like vapour. But rare was the eye that beheld this beautiful phenom enon, for the place had the reputation of being haunted. Few there are in our day who believe in ghosts. This go-ahead era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. We have become too matter-of-fact and practical for such humbug. Nevertheless, he was a bold fellow who would venture alone into the dim and dismal region of that ravine and not feel the influence of the place upon his nerves. In the vicinity of this solitude Colonel Fernbrook met his death. How, or why, no one knew. One September afternoon in the glow of the Autumn sunset, he was last seen to enter the ravine. Next day his mangled corpse was found at the bottom of a vast chasm, known as the Night Hole. Some of the Maoris were suspected of foul play, but nothing came of it. Most of the native hangers on — and those were not a few — were summarily dismissed and banished the Rock. Mrs. Fernbrook did not survive her husband many weeks, and there remained but Hilton Fernbrook, the twin, and his nurse, Rita. Strange to relate, within a few hours of the discovery of the body of Colonel Fernbrook, an earthquake had rendered a descent into the cascade ravine almost an utter impossibility. Down the rugged cliffs that en compassed it — both path, and pass, had been swallowed up. Not a ledge appeared on which the foot might rest with safety. Only at one point — and that where the precipice rose over the lagoon, might a descent have been made — but the water, dark and deep, would have hindered him from reaching the ledge, except by swimming, and this the suck of the current would have rendered a most perilous performance. One bright morning, about six months after the burning of the schooner, detailed in the Prologue of this chronicle, there was strong evidence that some one had tempted the peril, for on scrutinizing the stunted trees that, rooting in the clefts of the rock, formed a straggling screen up the face of the cliff — a kind of stairway was seen, formed of creepers, the outstanding stems serving as steps. Moreover, a tiny string of smoke could be observed ascending out of the Haunted Ravine. Only one standing upon the ledge above, and parting the foliage that screened it to its very brink, could have seen this smoke ; and if only superficially observed, it might easily have been mistaken for a strong waif of the fog that floated above the waterfall near which it rose. Closely scrutinized, however, its blue colour and soft filmy haze rendered it recognizable as the smoke of a wood fire, and one that must have been made by human hands. (To be continued.) 