WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. THURSDAY. The mixed conference resumed its sittings at 10 a.in. Prayer was offered by Mr| P. P. Fletcher and the Rev. J. Clifton. The d uly record was read by the Rev. )S. \Y. Rutk-dge. The folio .v- 7 -. a f . . iUii 4iULiCL3 UA LUULi'JAl DUG Mr B.James, junior: "lathe opinion of this conference it is deemed desirable that bank ing accounts should be opened in the names of all tiust, circuit, and other funds in connection with our churcb, such accounts to be operated upon by the treasurers and stewards as such, and not in their individual capacity." Rev. 77. c. liccmg : "That t'ae conference imp trance meeting shall in future be hoi '..it ; cssible, en the evening of the second day of the | meeting of the mixed conference. i A telegram was received from the Rev. J. D | i! ennessey , requesting the conference to re-conside - I 'ts decision m relation to two Queensland circuits. ! rr-, . , - -.1- .a iV. : iU a lie request reiu=eu. uu me muuuu u: me ' Rev. G. Hurst. j A letter was read from the secretary of the i local option-league (the Eev. F. B. Boyce). request- j ing the conference to express an opinion in favour of local option, and pointing out the benefits of the J method, and the favour with which it has been j received in England and Canada. j The Bev. J. E. Oajisuthsrs moved, aad the j Eev. M. Maddern seconded — " That the president j be requested to present a petition to the Legisla- 1 tive Assembly on behalf of this conference, in favor of the principle of full local option." The resolution . was carried unanimously, The Rev. IV. G. Taylor i proposed, and Rev. J. Monahan seconded, — "That the letter writers should be directed to com municate the resolutions to the secretary of the L. O. League." This was carried unanimously. a lie cuiueieuoc p»ruceeueu iu me election ua re presentatives to the general conference. On the motion of Mr B. James the following resolu- , tions vve.e agreed to : — " 1. That it be an instruc- j tion to the scrutineers for the election of repre- | sentatives to the general conference to bring up I their report, placing those a-imes first for which I the highest number of votes have been recorded, j 2\. That before the president shall declare who have teen elected, every person named in the first I fifteen ministers and eighteen laymen shall be asked if he intends (D.V.) to proceed to the ensuing General Conference, or that the first 15 and IS respectively replying in the affirmative shall be declared duly elected. The names of the ministers who go ex eyieui were then announced, as well as the names of those ministers who decline to act as representatives, after which voting papers were distributed and then collected. The same thing was done in trie election of the lay representatives. The report of the Sunday schools was presented by tbe Rev. R. Ca'dwell, which was as follows : — Sydney district, 94 schools; Bathurst district, 52 schools : Maitland district, 42 schools ; Annldale and Grafton district, 36 schools ; Goulbnrn district, 4-5 schools; Queensland, -59 schools. Total, 32S, being an increase of 24 schools for the year 1SS3. There is an increase of 107 in the" number of teachers, the number this year being 2-562 ; an increase of 54 in the teachers who are members of j the church, the number being 1737. The number | of scholars is 22,165, being an increase of 1403 j over last year. The number of scholars who are | nen-bersof our church is 559, an increase of 64 ' A the year. Great satisfaction was expressed v. ith the progress in this work. After the" reading of this report a verse of a hvmn was sane, and the conference con- sidered the question—" What can be done to pro mote the state of the "Word of God Mr T. P. Reeve, of Stanmore, thought there was a danger of preachers introducing irrevelaat topics such as science and h'story, and referred to the case of Mr Spargeon, who has held his con gregation by the truths or the gospel for 20 years. On the other hand, be thonght there was dinger in an excessive outcry for reviva's, and the senti mental and exciting preaching that sometimes led up to these. He though: the grwnt need was for expository preaching; as nothing was 30 calculated the promote the conversion of sinners and the building up of believers as the Worn of God. Rev. J. E. Cabbcthees thought we had reason for thankfulness in the increase of members and property. . He referred to the good effects of estab lishing a Christian "Worker's Association on the North Shore. The best result from this was that every member felt that he had his work in the chcuifii. He thonght that the work of the Salva tion Grmy would ultimately be a gain to us. Ber. W, G. Taylor spoke of the excellence of a little pamphlet by Rev. H. Morgan, oi England, bearing upon, the question of Christian work and organization. ' . ' ' " ReT. W. Dawsox referred to the decrease in the Armidale and Grafton districts, but was glad to report a blessed work of God in the Inverell circuit Rev. E. Caldwell thonght there was danger of catting too much faith in special organizations and not in the ordinary means of grace. Eev. W. G. B. Stkphxxsox thonght special . ....... . ITT .. pf organization a valuable" auxiliary- to the ordinary p? work. '. h'i Mr Ctjmmixs thought that too little attention l-Wf was paid to Sunday johools.._He thonght that we should adopt some of the excellences of the 7 3 American schools, providing . good buildings and ' f drawing teachers from- the elite of our con- gregations. He referred to the efforts made in the S Paddinglon Sunday school, which hare led to good results. q; Eev W. E. Bourse gave his testimony to this, while he thought that we shoald command success f by working upon the old Methodist lines. ,7 Mr Biiigos thought, that . tbe ministers of our church are too hard- worked, and that much of the work of meeting classes, should b; done by the laity. ' He thought that sometimes the old leaders did not receive the attention they deserved. Mr Da vies emphasised the importance of find- ing work for all Christian people, and especially for young converts. He thought that the leaders were responsible for the success of their classes, the teachers for that of their schools, and not the ministers. He felt the need of a Sunday School iqi ; Union. i Mr Robson bore testimony to the sympathy felt 7 with the Sunday school by the congregations and the ministers. Good results had followed the es tablishment of a society class in connection with the Sunday school at Petersham. A Juvenile Missionary Society was a great gain to a school. Rev, G, Hvrst (hough; that we wanted not so much organization 6S Christian life. As to the stvle of preaching, . he thought Mrs Hampson's forcible way of putting old truths afforded a use ful model. He wished the laity would do all the g work they might do, and not merely give their i;U; money. They might relieve the ministers largely -j-j by meeting the classes in other ways. Mr B. Corky referred to the question of San- day schools. iji'J Mr B. James thought that no further organisa- tion was needed, but that much could b: done by r'K; the use of existing machinery. He referred to the f| ' multiplicity of week-night services, which pre- Ij vented many laymen from attending at all. He fe wished some-thing could bo done for the sailors of K' v the navy and for the sick in the hospitals. (| ' 51 r J.A. Fletcher referred to the importance il; of having classes for teachers and classes for senior | scholars. He deprecated the use of merely con- I. veniional language in relating Christian expo- rience, and pointed out what lie conceived to be jfv some of the needs of the pulpit. a..' Ihe Rev. R. Selloks suggested that, instead of |;', so many speeches, three or four prepared speeches ;; or papers should be given. | The Rev. D. KeltnACE testified to ihe fi-ki'.-.y | of the pulpit end the excc- llence c-f the laity, as h: had observed in his travels. The great want, he f . considered, was the divine power c-f the Holy b Ghost to- ileal with the intellectual convert anl the moral evil of the times. The Ikv. 57. Hill. Mr M'Kuovx. anl Mi 1 ; Craws haw continued the conversation. A resolution was passed on the motion or ;he Rev. W. G. Taylor, — " This conference records its devout gratitude to tho great head of the church i for the evident indications of prosperity thrt have f characterised ihe operations of the church during j. the year, but is still deeply impressed with the ( fact "that with the vast machinery in our hands i much more onght to have been effected. Be lieving that onr mission is still to spread scriptural holiness throughout the land, we resolve more fully to consecrate ourselves to God and to the >: work of bringing our fellow man to Christ, ami to !: build up the members of his Church in their hoi 7 : faith. We further resolve to set apart one week i as early in the year as may be convenient, for i special prayer thai God may send down the richer I power c-f the Holy Spirit and bless His entire > Church with a great revival of evangelical re- ligic-n." I Mr B. James proposed: " This conference 11 directs the suscentation and extension commit:-;: | to take into consideration the wants of the immi- s grants and seamen visiting the per. of Sydney; ii the members of the Permanent Force, the inmates cf the hospitals and other benevolent in«ltuicns. i to make such arrangements for this oversight as may be deemed desirable." p. The resolution was carried. ; Mr Cbawshaw moved. Rev. 57. H. George S seconded, end it was carried by 28 to 14, " That the president of the conference during the ye-ar request two ministers and two laymen, each to F, prepare a suitable paper or an address to be given at the next conference, imme-dia'eiy after the answer of question V. on the bu-me?; pacer." 51 r B. James brought up the repo:t cf the Loan Fucd in connection with the Church Sustent ition Society , This showed, the capra' to be klO,'237 5s, all of which had been lent out to churches and parsonages, the amount during las: year keiag £17?S 2s 3d. He also read the li-t of tn se who were defaulters at the end c-f 1553, and in justice to those tir.stees who desired to ol-tain advances - he suggested that defaulting trustees should be | charged interest. f ; Rev, 55". ClaexE moved the adoption of the f- report, wnicu was passeo. j. Eev. G. Lane moved, and Mr Davic-s seconded, ; a vote of thanks to Rev. J. B. Ware- rhor.se anl i Mr B, James. This was carried unanimously, and they were unanimously re-appointed. i The Rev. M. H. Parkinson presented the report of the Queensland Loan Fund, which was very satisfactory, Vote3 of thanks were passed to the treasurers, and they were unanimously re- ; appointed. The results of the voting for representatives to ; the general conference were as follows : — Revs. W, ' Clarke, 103; R. Sellors, 93 ; G. Martin, 92; J. A. j , Nolan, 91 ; J. B. Waterhouse, 82 ; J, E. Moulton, S2;'L. Fison, M.A., 76; G.Brovrn, 6S ; C. Steal, 62; TV. Cumow, 5S; W. Moore, 57 ; J. W. Brown, 54 ; M. H. Parkinson, 54 ; J. Gardiner, 50 : c. Ta;., 47 ; Messrs M. Robson, 100 ; B. Jame?, jun.. J : ; ; or. urawsnaw, ao ; . n. ai >_ie;ianu, ao . \j. va, Dangar, 59 ; P. P. Fletcher, S7 ; G. T. Hunt, 77 ; T. Cummins, 73; 77. Briggs, 72; S.- 5\eoo, o ; P. Miller, 62; J. B. Yoadale, 59 ; W. Arnott, or ; 1 YV. Glasson, 52; "W. H. M'Keown, 52; H. C. Fraser. 51 ; T. Feather, '49 ; W. Keliett, 46. The thanks of the conference were presented ;-j tbe scrutineers, Eev, J. Gardiner and Mr YV. H. M-Clelland. i The conference adjourned at a quarter-Pis; five, 