IRovetfst. DAN LYONS' DOOM. .CHAPTER III.—(Continued.) By WAIF WANDER. Gut there was that in the woman's face, tnd especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that' was a warning to a closer observer. " It was thard face, & cruel face, an . obstinate face, (D utterly untrustworthy face. If ever ignorance and prejudice, and a total want of torsi consciousness were stamped upon fiaturei they were stamped m the countwsnce of Mrs. Brady. Each ol the three' children that seated themselves at the table roond her on the occasion of which I write had Eome resemblance to the mother; but thetMeriipulous cunning of Cornelius, theanimsl vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable passions that gleamed .in the eyes of Father tames were all doubled and intensified in the eld woman's face. As the man we call Father ftmes seated himself opposite to where she fiooi she leaned on both hands as slie rested thtm on the table'and bent over it toward his lowed face, be she muttered angrily between set testh:.: . L, •!•«:. " So it's on yousgain? Oh, blood of the ilswr Bradys, of Clpghe'r, turned to water, the light is comin' on an'it'sIreezm' ye are!" Thebitttticorn'.of-the;foneswasfelt.keenly fey the mon to whomthey .ivern addressed, and a glance was flashed from his awful eyes into 1 the woman'6 tfiat 'was;'terrible tomeet-. "By " he scried, if-you weren't my mother you would liaunt me too, for I'd kill you f And as it is you'd bettor be warned, f or you may go too far some day, and my life is of little worth. She started back as his clenched fist waB' struck so violently on the table that the diBhes wsre disturbed, but at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed harshly. "One can't say a word to you at all, James, • these limes," she said; can't you take a joke from your mother ? " " Joke I " he repeated, ss he stood up and d66bed his chair back from the table. " Am' I a child again that you think to twist me round your finger V Joke 1 who m their senses would joke with blood on their hands «nd the hangman's roperound their necks ? " and he Elammed the door of an adjoining room behind him, leaving his supper untouched on the table. Mrs. Brady's face grew white as chalk, and the fell in to a chair, staring at Cornelius with her terrified dark eyes. "What has come over him at iall;-Conn;" she cried; " he's not the "same man since we tome here. Oh, my God, dp you think he'll go back on ns after all ?" and she rpekedhereell to and fro despairingly. " To tell you the truth, mother, I'm getting afraid," replied Cornelias, as he attacked his food with an appetite. " I hope that the black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and repentance in his head." " If I thought so I'd -tear it oB his baob 1 A son of mine turn white hvered 7 A man with my blood in him turn back from the retenge I 6wore him to oh the cross ? If I thought so, I'm his mother, and I'd knife him with my own hands." Bhe looked as if . she would. She seemed quite capable of any deed as she rose and shook her right hand out clenched against the air around her. As her long fingers gripped each other, then so they would doubtless have gripped ail enemy's throat had it been within reach when the hot blood was boiling in her veins—the same blood, as she had truly said, that had made Father James a haunted man. And Nora ate her food hastily, and scarcely heBring a word that waB passing round her:; for she was used to her mother's temper, though she was not in her secrets, and never troubled her head as to what aroused it. At the present she was too much occupied about the admirer her brother, had given her in his idle chaff, and calculating the effect of a dress she intended to don on the morrow with the sole hope of exhibiting herself m it to the un conscious Irishman. As for Mrs. Brady, she had forgotten the pretence of her youngest until it was recalled to her by a motion of Cornelius as he spoke iin a low voice. ; ...... "You forget, mother/that somebody is tee." "Oh Nora? She ..never hears anything that does'nt concern her own self, or sees anything. God help her, but her own handsome face in the glass.' Kora! Nora, I say 1" " What ?" returned Kora, with a start on her return from the'realms of fancy. " What woryoii thinking of ?'',..-.- Tady Connor," promptly replied the girl; and Cornelius rose from the table with a loud laugh that made the angry blood rush into his sister's face. CHAPXEB IV. the roUTUXE-TKMiEK OF MOCM RPBAK. Tse hut is high up on a spur of Great Mount Hoban in a sheltered spot nearly hidden _by trees and big brown rocks, half covered with green moss and:grey lichen ; it was built yor heavy timber slabs, andcovered byBheets.oI box bark, both of which-showed theiweather-: worn hue of many yeare. From the front of this hut on the side of the mount one of the grandest views around Marranga was discernible, 'flnd>if St had ;been built for the purpose of espionage, no situ- •Btion could -liaTO.tie9B'.f)etter.ji£pseniT.'-Zfae S ' A m ^ ^ Z S I S dwellings, i " and UKht Lros thriZ l np l g > a0r03B u«u iuuk une or the gleaming creek, past „ St wwlonghne Hemeks, and of up the slone -where the lone cemetery lav ^ot ahuman bemg could movo -without beins b tiaced from Nan Griffith's hut . £be very-gully where lay the long-desertod olaims was open to the view from that hill nome, and as far as the eye could teach— lar across the plains bounded by the low purple blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day; in short, the oyne of an eagle was never built a more commanding and yet retired spot, • Tw.oror three days after that on which mv story opens, Nan Griffiths swas sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and uader the heavy shadow of a spreadingtree that bent its.crooked: branches over her uncanny-looking, figure. She was a very old woman, with-wlite hair.hanging.lopsely over her shoulders, audi long cloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this cloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will oyer her head, and holes, through ono of which a-skinny hand was passed to grasp' a crutched stick. The old creature was toothless, and her skinwas-shrivelled up on her face like sun tanned leatherf"but theEecn dark eyes that sparkled under the long white ham of her eyebrows were spparently ni serviceable as when she was 20 years younger,'. She was muttering and mumbling teher-i self m a dissatisfied way. that made her sharp nose and chin meet m a manner that gave" her spmo resemblance to a bird , of prey, wlien; she saw a woman climbing up the track among the trees leading toward the hut. It was a tall, pale-faoed woman of about thirtyfive, with dark h&ir; and eyes, and a weary, helpless look m her face that would have won the sympathy of a.stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother.' " What a time you've been 1 Faugh; the women there is in these days 1" "I was as quick as I could be," Ellen Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near the hag,''and I'm as tired as death." ,•':•••. "Death is never -tired; you -fool, and yon always are,-' -Nan growled; "and now you sit there staring before you without telling me a word ; did you-see the'child." *' Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him." "Where was he?" "Up in. the cemetery at the Colonel's grave." . . . "By himself?" " No, he was with designation St. Herrick." The reply-Beemcd to stun the old hag with surprise.: With Basigniation St. Herrick I • With her of all the children in the world 1" and then a harsh, cackling laugh burst-irom Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully. "It would be grand," she soreeehed; "I ,wish;I'd thought of it afore: but there's time enough. I'll- make n policeman—a trap of him.' "A policeman! of who?" "Of Dan 1 would at not be grand if lie were; to trap Colonel St, Hernck's murderer 1 I Ellen looked.at her mother-with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though she had. " Oh it's awful isn't it 1 your -mother is a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would hnnt to death the man you loved: Faugh 1 you white-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck' you; - nre you a child of mine at all ? " Ellen was used ,to such talk, and ,shc saidnothing save what was expreseed in the worn. to death, weary look in her-poor: whiteface. " Tell me what you heard, curse you, • and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad," shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and-shook'her violently ; "open your mouth and speak, fool that you e." "What am I to tell about first? 1 ' " The new people at:St. Herricks, who are they?—quick." Their name is Brady, an old mother,- two Eons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herricks—rented it of Mr, Pollard." " And is it true that they're going into the old ground again? " . "Yes." ...;-, The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nut-crackers as she v shrieked— "I'll throttle you if you don't speak outl what has come over you at all fool ? Have you "seen a ghost—the ghost of Colonel Herrick, ch? " " No, but I have seen a iace like Dan Lyons." At the reply the old -woman's hand fell from her . daughter's-arm as : she questioned anwouBly..: ".Sou don't'mean that he has come back Ellen?" No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then- it was in the eyes only. When I was looking for little Ban I went round by the fence at St. Harriet's, and found s young girl looking over it as if watching for some one; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have taken the place." Weil ! you spoke -to her of course? " Yea, and got .a good deal ot news out of her, but before I left her. mother came out and ealled'her angrily away. It-was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw DanIiyons." ... , " It was in yonr own eyes you saw a fool,'' said the hag soornfully. "You think of nothing morning, noon-, and night, but that double dyed murderer that, left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying " . "She's a young- girl, and a silly,one,.the Brady girl .; , but you'il soon see-her .for yourself, for I toldiher about you, and she's sure to pay-you a visit. - She. thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in love with her." "Whatman?" " Do you • remember- Tady Connor,- mother?" «• That Connor that worked in the Gully when the Colonel.was killed?!! "Thesame." .• " Something is going to happen [" exclaimed Nau,' wildly. :" No wonder I dreamed of Btrange things and saw strange ;signs I Go onl" ! " When Mrs. Brady called the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from the Gully.". "Did he know you, Ellen ?" " Yes, at once,'and BEked me if yon were alive yet. He is coming to see you about some dream." Aye?,he -was always ji soft tool, but an onen-tiande4'.oiie, too, eo he's welcome." , ;;;; "If I don't mistake, that's he coming up the hill now, mother," Eaid: the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily- climbing up the steep path. : . . Yes, it web Tady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to see once again the fortune-teller of Mount Koban, whom he had more than once consulted in the ,y.eare gone by " for Tady. was one .of- those,: not unusual characters in whom are combined deep religious convictions and an ignorant behel m supernatural powers and beings, and his ignoroni fflifid was sordy exercised on account of a strange dream he ,had had a few Bignt^ previous „ ,, ^ "How Mr. ieonar<l wonla laugh ;at .me, .. he was- muttering to himself in gasps, as th steepness ot the hiU tried his lungs severely,, " he don't believe u.if in cn.'n fortune-tellers ! c JiplKivm'- orTvitche^ or anything, hut seein'e believin', nn' »n' wfili veU J 1 know Nan is .a witch if there was ever one in this •world." . ..—.. the I - rv «iio-uut mere was no one 1 ^ there no f * in front r , 0D oI of . il it, ' and tlle the ^ door v,as <&as; shut. shut. He He .knocked a aviow.-iespectful.-knoek.'and iew, respectful knock, anduearlv nearly jumped:out : ,of his 'skin f as he was-bidd'en bv name to enter .".Come in; Tady Connor" ' - : • ' : • " What am l fnghtened of ?" ho reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the door. " Of course Ellen has como back and tould her she seen m».' .."When he entered the low, dim room, -with the clay floor and the smoke-blackened ratters, Jie saw that there was a small • fire-oil i the hearth, but no one beside it, and : tben-"he ; turned at a 6ound that made him shiver id see Nan Griffiths standing-on the threshold , of an inner, door with a huge black cat at her feet: It was the cat's unearthly "nie-a-wl" that had made Tady shudder from head to fool"" ,. V Welcome, .Tady 'Connor," said'fthe hag, as she advanced and stood before him, her. skinny hand grasping the -stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. i ! The: seas have rolled between •: us for long years, and now they have brought von hack again." " They have, ma'am," said Tady, as he made a respectfulsorape with:his right foot; and I|m glad to see tliey have left you looking so hearty." . *' Time makos no odds to me.' Bhe said, lis she drew a seat to the table and sat down; while she .pointed to another. for her visitor V.I'll live,until a.man,dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." Tady *would have liked to ask her whose aeath was to precede her own, but he daro'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to sjpeak again. •.'.:' ... • 1 t • "You want toxonsult me"?" sheasked, as she put her shrivelled faoe so -near to him that the fiery .little eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn him. ""Speak out •what it -.is. while the humor's onme" ' "It's a -drama' I had, Mrs. Griffiths-^-a drame that's troublin' me intirely; an' knowin' well how knowledgeable you always wor, I kern to ax you about it." " All right,"she replied, as she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coin Tady had laid near her on the. table.- >" Skull, fetch the masterjs books." > .... ...•, . " The latter command was'addressed to the black .oat, .who instantly, ^entered the inside chamber and : almost instantly returned with a little bag in-his mouth, which he deposited on his mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of his , vicinity to the terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " viciously in his face- " Down, Skull,v cried Nan to the scat as she opened the bag and drew a-pack of dirty cards from-it. - "Now,- 1 Connor, tell me your dream." •••• ;• .; -: . . '' It's twice now I've drained it*" he said, turning his face away from the-c&t;, who still glared at hiiii. " I thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work; and that with every spade I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I,always expocted a lump of goldj and saw it shinm' as I turned the shovel, butwhm .it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it."- . Did you know the face ? " aEked- the hag solemnly. -r . • . -.-'• "Yes,! did." ••"•' ' " Whose was it ? " • "It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, faee." "Something is going to happen Tady Connor'l:",she.said,,.almbsti repeating the words she had used to;her daughter. ." The dream was always thesame?" - . "Always,ma'am." - - •. . ,. :» . With her jaws' munching and mumbling horribly the fortune- teller spread the- cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in: her own repellant and withered face, ihat-it was evident she possessed some belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the little Irishman had uttered, the one name in the whole world that.had power to excite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions : than, the reigning, one of :<Nan Griffiths, which-was cupidity. "What man is plotting against you?" she asked' him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while she'scanned the cards. You have been speaking to him lately, { though-you have-not touched his hand—who ls it.? " and she turned her eyes 1 keenly upon Tady'sface. - - •— " "I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths;,, I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master,. Mr. Leonavd Prosser, andl'm-sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer;" , - .".You spoke to. no one else?—mind what you say,'Tady Connor.'' . ; t.- "Be:this an' be that! " asseverated Tady, and then he all at once stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, " Sure it wouldn't be Father James I". • VWho Is Father James ? " Nan asked suspiciously, "and what right have you to be talking of clergymen here ?: Why, the very oat knows you have named one—look at html" ... In .faot .'the ;black cat had turned toward the terrified Tady, and with.ievery bair on end was me-a-wmg and spitting at .him;, .., «i "Spake to him ! quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant Ao harm, and at any. rate Father Jameu: isn't a priest at all sem? he isn't in orthers now ;'he's the gentle- 1 man that has rented St, Hernck's an'-id hvin'there wid his family.^' r ••• A sudden remembrance of what her daughter had' said. about -Nora Brady made' the old hag grm to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and^he resumed .the readr ing of "the cardB she had laid down. " I can tdl^you nothing about yonr :4ream until youJdream it once more," she soidj" but beware of-a dhrk man that is plotting against 1 your very life " " How wilH iind out wlio ^he iB? " ssked Tady, anxiously • " Through a girl," replied Nan; " a young 1 girl with dark hair that'ein lore with you.',' '.'"With.me? ,' It's.jokin'jyou,are, malm.";: f Don't ;I look likc:a woman . to: joke ?. 1 ' >was the angry retort. "Jhere's a: girl mlove with you, and you'll seeher,this very tlayj for she's waiting and watching for you at .this moment;. and .now go, for. J. can tell you no moreat present. When yon,dream the third time come to me again." Tady. got up, «nd having :uttered his thanks; gladly hastened out of the hut. His superstitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, although partly- overcome; by .the .-wonderfully good news she.had itold him,-were yet quite sufficient to render his escape into, thp pure air of the mountain pleasant one, and he hastened -down its side to "be-at •leisure, to think over his unexpected good fortune. > . ,,ii>; Good fortune,indeedi Md at laBt l I think Ihave told you that Taajr Connor had numbered some./"thirty-five-, years, ;,:and , during many lustres of those years it bad been hi6 hard r f ate to have been, hopelessly over Tieaa. and «arsjn love'veiy-many iimes. . rTady's heart wes soft, but those ol the maidens who scorned his turned-upinosei-his crooked fingers,-andhis red hair, .OTcre:ae;hard as .the nether millstone. In vain had he year after transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One ;by one his hopes liad*been ilighted,-. land -his person mocked ;«r iaughed; at; yet.bere .was;a-young girl with.-dark liair in love with him—actually in iove with his very self, without being asked or even known at all 1 Delightful thought I but .there was one drawback—he had a rival for that was fhe decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had -declared to'he /plotting against him, and warned him against \- " Of coorse it'S'Some chap 'ihat'she .won't look at on account of her love for me, the datlin' 1" he soliloguisea. "I wither who sheas at all, at'all? but,-sure, I'll know soon, for I'm to see her this very Say," and poor Tady, believing mJfiL Griffiths with all his little .heart, went dosja the hill rejoicing and lobtangsltaTbundlhm^ Svho-altTa^t' haa,beei onS :t6'-apnrecmte: the-hithfertordespisecliUttteman-' "-•" ! " " Maybe she's beliiid eome of ffie b&shSs; or rocks--watchin'meft^erathiir,"he ffiurmrired with a fond smile, aste took off this hat and arranged his red, stifffiocks. - »It's well Ipiit son-nie new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I uidat.'i .:She ! was'ever on -always-very -ps,rticu-. lar," and he squared'jrouna^his funny little person tplook_athis ; fieels;asiiegave : thoadmirea blue coat- with the brass bu ttons a vigbrous;tug :'hgbind.'to'maS "jt 'hang mote gracefully. Hehad .to pass St. Hcrrick's on his way to the township—doubtless the cunning hag h'e had. just left had calculated on that fact, and also another : iact,':the latter: being that Nora Biady was again standing at the fence -under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweetheart,, her fbrother. had promised iher,-.little ,thinTung.'what:events would follow from, the effectsofihis silly fuuatiheexpenseoEMora's well-known'vanity mud .weakness • ior the^opposite sex. She bad seen Tady climbing-up .the.hill- path, and-;npw ! watohed-his-return wil h^t. be.iinnft-hpiu-i; aiiS tx conscioUG smile on' lier coarse, rosy ..face. , :: - • i -.-. St. Hemck:s,had, .as-.we know, an interest for Connor, that Jfora did not^uessat, and for a moment, as he passed it, he forgot, the fortunetellerls -prediction and thought of the murdered man -whom everyone had loved- In the very middle of these sad thoughts, however, he Jieard.a slight cough, and with-a sudden return of his warm admiration of his unknown .inamorato's taste,, he -stopped and turned imthe direction:of the " ahem." - r. Had .there been an observer of ..the meeting between Nora and Tady he must certainly have_ been an amused:rone.-.' -The girliwas craning her neck:over the"fenoe in drying 'to follow with-her eyes 'Tady's passing form; when : 'at her cough : he turned suddenly and stopped; then she drew her big head back and ,'Tady .struck an . attitude; an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing -but.the girl's ...-exaggerated .sel£-conceit prevented her from,,observing.its true natare. but'as'it was she saw nothing save unbounded, admiration of her. over, decorated-self, and'was ^immensely delighted, so with the envious fence only between-them Tady grinned from car toiar,and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass; under the thick trees that protruded their great -branches over the- dilapidated fence.'; i" . ' ' . ...',.'."• Are. you Tady. Connor ?simpered eilly Nora. as she scanned her lover's rather , sin-' gular:-proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. ". " I am, mavoumeen, I am that happy man," cried Tady. ' , . • •^yWh'atmakesyo'u.Bqhappy?''. .. . • ".Because at last I ,see the beauty , an' the. darhn' oi the mds. world liere farenmtme this.blessedi'dayiV. -'". ' Z \ ' „ u.TSJ^ "He he he!' He-he-he .wasn t much,: but, with the accompanying : leer from -Nora's small, heavy eyes,..!it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady." ••-• -'••"•.•' •-•••-- "Arrab, don't be laugl'.in 7 at me authore; sure, you'll- brak my;heart.if you! !doi"„;; Ma; with agood deal of;grunting, Tady, struggled: .to' his kriees, and ventured nearer, to .-ithe fence. • . u . ••• ... I'minot laughing at you. How did you know I wos here ?•' Nora asked, as. she arranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty muchfisl-Tady had'arranged: the stall of- his coat./! Jittle previouGly • " Nan tould me agraj an' sure it was meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye," replied Tady;'but : ho was- wondering ^alL the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask herationce. " I say, agra,:who was it tould you me name?" .^ ' " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, " D—- Conn, who ever he is." " But who is this Nan you are talking about? Is slieyoU'tesister ?". .. " God forbid I" and Tady crossed himself devoutly, "arrahno, asthore,? she's an ould woman that lias lived up on Mount Boban these twenty y^ars,.on' ste'spfortumi, teller?' ... The latter words were uttered. In a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey-like face beiug protruded over the fence, m >tiangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora/who was, however, woman enough to affect a prudery she was far from-experiencing. • " Go away with you—it's a shame for you;' and if mother.or Conn was to see yon,-both of us would be killed." Divila care I care I .'Who's Conn ?".asked Connor, with a scornful twist ot his uglynose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry to vex the mother ov me darlin' girl,butasfor Conn—to the divil wid him, I say 1 Who is he, at all, stall?" " Connismy brother, didn't you knowthat? I've two brothers, you know,Conn and James, Father James, they call him now." " Oh', Lordl is Father James a' brother of yours? But afther all, -why should we be afraid of him or any one ?. I'll keep company wid.no dasent girl except-/or dacency, and : sure he could marry us if he was agreeable.'!:. " Marry ns," repeated -Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea of this ardent woomg. V. JTis early in:,the day to,be talking olmarry-: ing when I've only seen;you a minute or two, •agOTiandibesides,' James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders." , "Ob; I forgot, ho tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makes up our minds we.can aisyiind a priest to tie us together for a : happy life. .'Who's ihat V' < . That was someone shouting,shrillyNora J Norol" in the direction of ithe house. : ; . . ,.'(-Tis me mother 11 -must go •or she'E kill me" "Stop one minnit ashtorei -fWhm'HIsee you agm ?, Tell me "quick now before you go. Sure I'll be thmkin' it months till I see your- beweheiul: eyea -an' -your-'darhnV face" again." " I don't know, I'm often'bere at the fence, and if'you!U whistle : I- oan come;:.»moBtly»any time in the evenin'."" " " Oh; the lovely crathur 1",murmured Tady ;= •as he;>gripped , the top-rail .of- the fence and: staredvafter':the"quicUy ! retre his fat mamorata.- " Isn't- she the dathn' of the world totake"a.ianoy-to •. mean, this 'way; an' not a Bowl to mre ior me in :this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?", and the name reminded him tbafrhe 'hadibetter .not keep his young'master- ignorant of .-Jiis.,whereabouts much longer, so he tore .himself away and made lor tbc township. :i i CHAPTEE V. THE DEAD Jim's ODESE. Lone cemetery of Marranga, where the few dead! sleep tfarironi' *he wprld they mayknpw :aorrmore;-'fend,.where:':,the:'rostle.>of'the.'.,long •grass; iovor .itheir ^negleoted--' graves PJB •rarely caused by a human footetcp. There m the quiet nook on the .'lnlbside may the bird rear her young anfeace amcng the spreading-trees of the old Bush Land, and the breezb whisper to dead ears unheard save byihe young of the wallaby that eometimes venture ,to . peep ;|Erom;aTnpng-ih%'|fB^^ TP a stranger no desolationiconldjeemBreatei than.that:of ,Marrangasgravoya)ra,':!where a dozen ^raveH:ihad::Eunk{amonfe:4he;:gra0B;to sad negleot.andovcr only onehad »;name or a date been inscribed. And that-;ohe, Ob a 'head-Btone^of white .marble, 8tood.:;oat;;frDni'.-its: Surrounding of flowering plants, -line a sentinel'who never Bleeps, to guard.the last reeting-placo o£ a St. Herrick. That ' spot alone in" the grass tangled enclosure , was' caretully tended; and 1 lay"an'oasis of iblpsspm iix ajdesert' p£ desolation. The blaek 3etterson -the pure 'surface of : the'headristbne had in spme measure faded; but the inscription was' yet plain enough to the eye had there b^en one in'the'vicinity to read it. But it was^.yet early in the morning, and the man :Who was slowly' approachiag it had not .as yet reached the graveyard. Indeed he seemed in no haete.' for 'he toiled up the slope as one afflicted witli weakness,- and .when lie had .reached .the gate, rested.long .on it, gazing, toward. the white ,sentinel tomb, .-He was a tall man : wit-li a white haggard face .under a slouched hatj andhe wpre a long,; black semiclerical coat; It 'vras; i the'.hSw tenant of . St. Herricks, the man known, as Father James. -- Perhaps he did not mean -to enter at all; He ite^^so ^^cilfclQlilcMS,- : :Over,.,whom .the white stone stood, for all.appearaBCe ;pf-iifeShat ihe exhibited. • iMagpie's; were.stalkingproudlym thegraas.tandgreet-- ing the early; EUn - ^yith tlieir sweet gurgling rL0tes.::'-iThe:'lalighing"3ackasB,c^ upon thehmb of a leafless gum 'tree, shrieked'-out a wild chorus to some distant mate. Thegreen paroquet fluttered and. chattered among the brancheSj but that statue-like man did not seem'to see themprihearlanything until there., .was-the sounds of voices "behind him," and then "hetarned his head jiist a little 1 way to see who were ,4he unwelcome ..visitants to a spot he had believedtoolone to'fcring a single human'bemgto^aze'Uponhis'lace.- ,n It was fair Resignation St. Herrick who came toward him, thpughhe didnotknowit then, rand beside her walked-a boy of about hei'jOwn sige,;a'boy with''a bold, intelligent: eyej'''"a'nd"-a : ffearless; mien. "Close '-besidd designation walked G;iiardian, her great dog, with his eyes-cloeely and suspiciously scanning the stranger. as the trio neared him, Besignation was attired^ as she had .been wlienOI;. first fiarned JHeeX: fA^ale'jblue'^flScy; dress enveloped her sliglitirfiguroi and from under her broad drooping'hatjher flossy fair hair i'eil in u eloud over her EllQulder.-?. In one hand die carried a little,basket, the other was laid on the ddg'jj.Sgreat-fiead,"as the ohild. noticed his .'unSsj^MTemenSi;^ ; 7 .":-'-; i ' f;'•'•'-' i The boy's etoiit, hekltiy Sgure'-wai 'clad in a shir.t,.pf.someilight .flabnfel.material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy .limbs. A straw hat. shadea.a..pair.-pf fine dark .eyes.-alnda,handsome bught,;face;; browned by the' sun, .and ruddy, .with. " Hush, Guardian, you must not be rude to strangers,'' Besignation whisperedin response'- to the dog's subdued-growl. "He will not bite yon,.sir;'-'' • .•: • •. Father Jamies made : no reply,- a,nd the' chil-' : dren passedrhim to enter, the. gate. The lad went '-.bri,' withoiit :: voubhsaving the, man'.' a sHotfdiglanpei'bh't Iffisi^nSfion paused with.lier' : " Would ypu like tp opme in, sir ? It is npt private.-...,Would,you like to'come in and see my dear father's, grave ?" - r ... ' .".•Yourifatber'a;g"rave 1 . Why shouldI want to see your father's grave, child?"-' -' v' •:"" '<: The words were spoken so sharply that the childidrew.back aihttle; during'all-Besignation's little life these were the £rst, words she had-heard inaany btherntones ihari'jifiection. or pity, and she fixed- her large calm eyes upon the man m a sort- ot mild wonder as she'replied,* . .w.'j •••' . .;•..:.,.-: - . Jil beg-yonr pardon ;--I-thought'.you- were - the gentleman who- has' talien the, house where papa ; used.tdTive, ; and'~that : yoti'might like to see his grave." " Who are you, child ?" he asked in trembling tones, as'his white face seemed to yet blanch cf a mpre ghastly pallor. " I am Besignation St. Herrick," she answered; "my father was Colonel St. Herrick." " Stay, I will go with you," he murmered, as she -was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion: • / » ^..The gentle phild waited glaxHy-^until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him., .He allowed her to pass him, and then followed.her.up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could have known what was passing m that'man's ".heart—if she could have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward calm and that priestly,.dress, what would Besignation St. Herrick have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have nd? HefollowfidierJightstepsuntilshe stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the priest's eyes seemed fixed, with such a stcny glare that the lad who knelt by thergrave "with a troweHn-his hand stared-at Aim in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the-man's naked breast, his face could not have expressed a greater agony of fear and-pam.-- ••• -"- "•• • «•<••• • < Sached Tp Tin: Memory Of (^10NEn>;Timj)D0ItE;;Sl."HEBlilCK, -FouUy'murdered'at'Mai-ranga, June 19 th, 18B— " Vengeance is Mike, I will repay, Eaith the Iiobd.'-'. , The child saw that his ey'es were tracing the words, and.:waited sdently and respectfully until he turned his iace away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with , his back .to theqheadstehe.-T: i:>T;T g ;<• gj The bey looked at Father 'James with a suspicion that he . evidently shared witn the dpg, for at every .movement of the man the animal showed' -his-: teeth;^ though- ssilently,' doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, bnt Resignation regarded the stranger ;with:*£ yearnings pity rthat ,; her spf t question explained., • " Did -you know my dear papa, -air ?" and as a reply Father James shppk his bowed head. " j -. 'i.You.have perhaps lost a dear father, too ? but not m so, sad and- cruel a way as I Ipst.mme; Oh it was crueI,- oruel." .: r s-t-v v- sjblt was ^worse'-than cruel;: it was-inhuman and cpwardiy!" cried the lad, striking the trowel, on .theijgrass.,heiwas 'kneelmgon for emphasis; " and if I was a man and met him, I would Ml him as .1 would a snake.", : , :' " Who (are iyou ??-'Jaskea:fheipriesti ; suddenly as'he.turnedhis.facetoward:":^ " Me ? My name is Daniel." :"And. Daniel as: my "friend^', explained .Designation eagerly. ::" Hehas always helped me'to: keep, papa's 'grave mcejiand when ho is a man he is going to find.pap'a's murderer and get bim punished.'? :• She- eaid'the lastswcrdsin ia-lowj-em^ihatic whisper,-Icoking-round her fes 1 if- fearful of being overheard as m a matter of the most secret conseguenoe. " Yes, I shall find him/^Daniel jdeolared, itnan'of merto-Tun the villam down; but ,1 shall find him without Jieiqg^a trap, lie may hide himself -anywhere, i-butilishfill .find him, 'ior'.'it;is'f^ed?tbatm^ " How do you know.?' asked the white faced priest almost in a whisper •.;^Becaps^igranny.haB^aidvso,'^najBheiiB a ieader^tWher.^arBr^.i?j«^.''Cannot™:lie;-'you know, rand besides sl /iscijthat I shallvknow: -Dan - Lyons by instinct fxt': ever >the;, villain comesnear_Me,"ri • ? 'iU "Was Dan Lyons the name of the man •who " and he nodded toward the head stone,'ihough ie did not Jtum his eyes (toward it -';'- t ' -/-V^;;-I' ; ;; V, Jes; ..-didn't ; .you . know,?" . Resignation asked'^onderirigly.' "He-waB; ppor.; papa's matE in-the'elaim, ypu know.- .It doGsn't tell about 'it ..there^.'—and - she .pointed-.-;to.-,the. -stone—^ihut mama'has told ;me,sail;about it over and'Over. again. • 'Dan -iyons.buried my dear father alive—pap£ wroteahoutit ihhis netehopk^hile^^^Jie jwas^dyingVapd mamahas thenete-boek- yet. Just fancy what it must have been tp be crushed dewn in the dark bf 'mkma jind me 'all the time;l Oh, poor papa I But>I. would -rather- have 1 been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him,, for he was "going, to heaven,- but ; the murderer, can.never, never gp-there." s . ; " ArSyou^ureof that.?" .. Howeagerly the question was asked ! with what trembUnglip3and.GraVing:eyes 1 " Of.course he canW--cried Daniel; "he must'go among the devils, for -he was '.one" ot themli he jwas, no/.-miml ;didn?t - hevhury' ; the Colonelalive and stand'looking at him and taunting him-:while he v/as dying ? "' Only a devil coiild do;t-bat 1"' .. MMay33j,'^^iSi^^fjihe[jvas /truly ;jenitehtj"; Bisighateoh'^MdJd^ and askr-'Gbd.r&r; Christ's sake,* He- may forgive.him after a great -while."' - ..•,.- ".Never 1 all: the sorrow, in .. the world wouldn't undo his sm- or make a dead manlive again 1 -Besides; 'if 'he -'-'was "sorry - he would have stood out before 'the' world and cohfessedjhiscrimel"", . ... ,, •^omC- iniiJioiWB p"ther.;.pf, 'the 'iihildfenS'' opuld he ;be 'looking 'tor ?" In' Dan'i - eyes ,he murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's mercy was contending with her righteous abhorrence of the man whose^rimp-iad madc-sber fatherless. " It was cruel, - ' she repeated, as she patted the mould, around;some plant on;thegrave beside which Bhe -now khelt- Softly, "ahd if it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might-tbB-;Sbrry-fpr that --bald .man,"but.-it;iB. hardly natural .for me to be sorry ioi Mm." •" Sorry: for Km 1 ! • I-wiih I was old enough' and—and I'd-— Vengeance is mine;" 1 repeated;'Resignation "from the stone; "mama says'.that as surely as" 'Go'd's stin- shines in'tlie sky God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, the mur- " irer.'L" Still from,one lyoung face to another the' man.', looked' voicelessly, the children- now tending, the flowers on the .grave and not regarding him, but each engaged with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to .foot as though a fit had shaken hini with'iis last throb, and he' : spoke to the bpy. V Did':ypu say ypur name was Dan ? " " Ses,'I wish it wasn'tl why did they cill me the same name as that murdering wretch ? I won't have it!" I never call you.Dan," said Eesignationeoftiy; r-" Daniel';is : % nicer:' name;;'and' the Daniel m the Bible was & good-njan." Ypur name . is . Dan ?.'! persisted . the. Da'n what ? "' • ''• ' :: ' T" -' name is Daniel Griffiths if yeu want to know,*" the boy replied defiantly, for he resentedthe priest's, insisting' on ,'calling him- Dan.- .''....'.•" " What is yourtinother's name ? " "Ellen, Ellen .Griffiths^ she is old Nan Griffiths'daughter;"- •'- ' , (To be. conlimicSi) 