TUE BLUE CHAMBER. A SHALL party of ladies Rnd gentlemen engaged in conversation were sitting after dinner in thc spacious grounds of an ancient manor. The doors of the mansion stood wide open. The evening breeze whispered and rustled through thc branches of the huge lindens, the shadows grew longer sud longer, ink-block beneath the leafy roof of boughs, lighter on the patches of turf. It Wii3 a mild summer evening, still, yet full of strange, mysterious sounds; the soft breeze Boated into the doors, bearing with it the heavy fragrance of thc flowers. In thc gathering dusk, the members of the group couta scarcely see each other. Conversation languished, passing from subject to subject ; no one seemed inclined to enter upon a lengthy discussion. Suddenly one of the party began to relut an anecdote of a ghost he had seen on rm evening like tbie. The plan was successful! Several tales followed ; but the young daughter of the house, Anna, continued to ask for more. It was so amusing to hear these marvellous stories, imagine the white and black spectres, moving noiselessly in dense shadow or dazzling moonlight, feel a strange horror chill her blood and then lean against her mother, finding safety 'n her embrace. She could not endure Candidate Holst's way of taking these stories ; his scornful comments tore ugly rents in the dreamy veil in which she wrapped herself. He was a medical student sud had wit- nessed many similar things in the hospital. It was owing to sickness acting upon dif- ferent individuals. Either thc patient, when his imagination was excited, mistook a towel, on which the moon was shining, for n phantom, and the shrieking of the wind in old houses for ghostly cries and the clank of chains, or thc whole affair was pure hallucination. A person in healthy normal condition, never saw ghosts. The whole party opposed his view. There was surely some truth at the bottom of all these taleB. There were a thousand things which could not be explained by natural causes. Anna was warmly seconded by Holet' younger brother, Victor, who had arrived t»,t the house with him that morning ; though he was influenced more by courtesy to the pretty young girl than because he really felt any fear of ghosts. He could not bear to have his brother appear to place himself in such contemptuous opposition to a pair of such beautiful bright eyeB, so he fought a stout battle aguinst his own convictions. " The history of \uch things," said the candidate, "iscontrary to sound sense and reason. They are miserable relics of the darkness of the middle ages, which can only check progress. It would be au ut- terly idiotic proceeding for dead folk to walk ab-of.d and terrify the living. Tra- dition carries such tales from generation to generation, and if not subjected to severe scientific criticism they retain their vitality , and are believed. It is tho same kind of superstition as that which makes simple folk afraidtositthirtecnat table. limine cases out of ten nothing happens, and there isn t even one person who thinks of the matter, lu the tenth, perhaps, one of the .company dies, which is ccrtaiuly in accordance with thc course of nature. Instantly it is said : ' You remember ; you remember, wc sat thirteen at table that duy.' So the superstition ob- tains nourishment for a long time. Kn thank God, the fresh breeze of knowledge will sweep away all such things like dank unwholesome fogs !" " Yes, wc old people must be pardoned," thc mistress of thc house gently interposed,." " wc don't come so much in contact with the fresh breeze of science as perhaps we ought. We live, they say, wholly iu tra- dition, and this thrives nowhere so well as in au old manor like this. It is very diffi- cult to release ourselves from thc ideas in which we were reared, and which our an- cestors believed. I am fur from being what is called superstitious; I have never been in contact with these strange spirits -yet not for all the world would I sleep in the blue chamber." "The blue chamber?' dried the whole party In tones of astonishment, " Yes, we have here, as in so many old manor houses, a room that is said to be haunted. Many hundred years ago a man was murdered there, and since then the ghosts hare taken possession of it. The servants talk of strange sounds and-sights; none of them like to pass it after dark. " I was sitting thinking that I should be delighted to occupy a real haunted cham- ber, said Holst, quietly. "It is a sin to have it remain unused forever. Perhaps I can help to dispel thib foolish superstition, for I am convinced 1 «Itali sleep undisturbed." At first thc imstrcjs of tho house would not liaten te sneh a pian, but when thc whole party urged, and Anna clasped her arms beseechingly around Uer neck, she at lost yielded. Anna thought thc scheme wonderfully interesting. "It is really terrible that you dare ven- ture. Candidate IJoUt," she said, "but I hope ynu will lu ¡lt really frightened when you come ta breakfast, in the mornituT." After supper tile whole party went to the " blue cluunber," which meantime hail been put in order to receive the guest. Every corner was examined with the utmost care. The atmosphere was somewhat oppres- sive, though thc windows were now open. The room was seldom ventilated, and tho half mouldy air took the ¡¡berty of stealing in the furniture and curtains. It hod 'evi- dently always borne thu name of thc "blue chamber," although tlie thick carpet was now faded. The furniture was very scanty, hut whatartUdes remained « ere old fashioned. While time hud transformed everything ebie in thc ancient manor, making the stiff carved _ chairs give way to comfortable arm chairs and thc old chiinncy-picccs to tile stoves, this room seemed to have preserved its former appearance. It was delivered over to the spirits of thc past ; no one had attempted to drag it into thc present. An article that did not contribute least in enabling it to retain its ancient character, was the huge exquisitely carved four-post bedstead, which occupied a large portion of the room. The apartment was thc last in one wing of the manor, looking out upon thc grove, but so near thc ground that ti person, by the dis- play of some little agility, might climb up. " It is no impossible," said Holst, after a through examination of thc chamber, "that the noettirnul noises mentioned may have been mado by vagabonds, who settled themselves herc for a comfortable night's rest. Victor, do inc thc favour to get my Eistols ; they are in my traveling satchel ; ut don't meddle with thc triggers, they arc loaded." Victor went aw ay with a light, and soon after brought the pistols to his brother. The latter primed them freshly, put on new caps and laid them un the table. " Now good-night, ladies and gentlemen I wish you all as comfortable rest os I ex »>Ret tn 11 aye my self. ' ' Anna, half admiringly, "I hope" "vdu WM have different opinions in the morning." As they all went out, Victor whispered to Anna: " I'll answer for it that he shall be thoroughly frightened." Thc door was locked, and Candidate Holst remained alone in the blue chamber. The sound of footsteps and voices died away. He listened at thc door, but all was still. Going to thc window, he stood there a few inimités, looking at the grove. The soft night breeze stirred the leaves and branches. Only the nearest trees could be dimly distinguished. Beyond, all was dense impenetrable darkness, for there was neither moon nor stars in the sky. " It's really very rare to be free from Madam Luna," said he. " she is so fond of intruding and playing the spy on sensible folk, spite of drawn curtains. For the rest this is an uncommonly comfortable room. Probably not one of the whole party wiU have so good a bed to lie iu as my lucky self. "Soa man was murdered here, and for the sake of this legend the room has now stood empty hundreds of years. H one could see a few blood-stains or similar horrors-but there's no trace of anything of the sort. What matchless power super- stition has, even iu our enlightened days I I shall consider it a good deed to drive it from this comfortable stronghold." Lighting a cigar, he paced to and fro smoking, then walked around the bed and closed his eyes with a half shudder. " How timidly thc young girl, Anna, is pressing her pretty face against the pillow at the thought that any human being dares to sleep in the blue chamber. She won't even venture to put out her night-lamp for fear of seeing thc frightful white shape that must speedily como up here and destroy me." While thus soliloquizing he undressed, opened thc canopied bed, aud resolutely extinguished the lamp There was no sound in thc room -. only it seemed as if he could hear a rustling noise like crickets and a mysterious ticking, as though tho fainouB death-watch was nuder the carpet. He lay listening a moment, heard the night wind sigh through the trees and the great clock of the manor strike ll, then he fell asleep. At the end of an hour he suddenly started up in bed, having heard a sound like the opening of a door. A strange, shuddering sensation ran through his limbs as he stared fixedly into the room and beheld a white form moving slowely towards the bed. Terror overpowered bim, but the next instant he regained his coolness and shouted iu a firm voice: "Who's there?" No answer, but the shape remained standing in the middle of the floor. .' Who's there ? Answer, or as sure as I live I'll fire," he called again, cocking his pistol. ' He was once more the quiet, cold-blooded physician. He had surely heard the creaking of a door ; it must be a man, a rascal a murderer perhaps, but no spectre. Yet, spite of tho pistol s warming snap, the figure did not move. " Who goes there ?" he called again. Still no sound disturbed thc silence of the room. Thc physician stretched out his arin and fired. A flash of light illumined the dusky chamber and thc report shook the old ta- pestry. Scarcely had the Bound died away when a burst of discordant, jeering, fiend- ish laughter greeted him, and something hard struck his forehead. It was thc bul- let. Seized with terrible dread, he fired the other pistol at thc motionless white form again the frightful laughter echoed through the room and the bullet fell heavily back on his own breast. With a loud shriek, he sank down on the bed. The form glided noiselessly out of the I door. Early next morning, while Anna was watering her flowers, \ ictor came uri to her. " Where is your brother?" she asked. " He isn't up yet, poor fellow. He has had a terrible fright." " What was it?" "If you'll promise to keep silence I'll tell yon thu wh"lo story. To revenge niyBelf on Ililli I played ghost, first taking care to draw tho bullets '"l oin his pistols that he might not use thu wcapiHH recklessly. Wrapped in sheets, 1 vi-iiou liiui, and threw thc balls back at his head when lie* lived.'?' "Nothing could bo better!" exclaimed Anna. "}!ut promise me not to speak of it. Your mother might bc vexed and he himself must not bc undeceived." "Trust mc, I'll be as mute as thc grave." Thc physician did not come ; breakfast waited in vain. AL last sonic of the gentlemen wont to wake him. lin lay with his head stretched over ike edge vf thc bcd; his mouth wide open, IIÍR nyes were starting from their sockets and his hair was white as chalk. Lifo had vanished. His discharged pistols were found by his side. One week after Victor was taken to the insane asylum. I -Every Other Saturday. 