MELBOURNE GOSSIP , (By The Ghost.) There was quite a mild flutter of ?? excite ment among the legal members of the Assembly at the beginning of the week when it became known that Mr.'Korferd, the Attorney-General, was lying so ill at', Sorrento that his medical adviser had been telegraphed for, and had proceeded express to the patient's bedside. Visions of : seats. on the Government Bench, with Supreme Court judgeships looming in the dim, future, floated before the minds pf many a briefless pno, only, alas ! like most inundarie dreams of happiness, to be rudely dispelled. The alarm was a false one, the indisposition of the honourable gentleman being only of a temporary kind. Mr. Kerferd's reputa tion for political astuteness has long been a matter of notoriety; , He is generally credited with having a thorough knowledge of the side ori which his bread is buttered. It now appears that ho possesses another of the attributes of Major Bagstock, and that, in addition to being 'sly,' he is like that gallant officer 'devilish tough.' The Attorney-Generalship is not likely to be vacant for some time to come. Mr. Service, who has also been, somewhat indisposed, has, however, to all appear ances, recovered his wonted health, if one may judge' by the vigour -with which he blew his own trumpet on the occasion of a banquet tendered to his' colleague in the representation of Castlemaine. Of the fiftoen measures promised by the Premier on the opening of the late session he had, he said, succeeded in passing thirteen into law. People, however, who expected the head of the Government to afford them an inkling of the future Ministerial intentions must have been , sorely disappointed. Beyond touching in a general way upon the subjects to which he could not well avoid alluding, Mr. Service did nothing. I Yet there were numbers of municipal re presentatives present, who, were anxious to know what shape , the new Local Govern ment Amending Bill was likely to assume, and whether the oft-promised substitute 'for tolls, which on their abolition one of the Premier's , present col leagues boasted he could provide in 'twenty-four hours, had - up to the present jbeon discovered. j In the, midst of a mining constituency, too, it would have .been 'interesting to, the banqueters to hear some thing about the intentions of the Goyorn iinient in regard to the Mining on, Private ; Property Bill, which was sp shamefully ; strangled in its infancy during last session. ! Tho aux£ence, heweyer, were doomed to ? disappointment. The Premier .displayed |the tal'eni.du si lenca which an astute French' statesman) lias pronounced to be the rarest of ppHti'cai .gifts.'' However' satisfied the guests may have been with -the 'spread' furnished fpr.their. bedily delectation, the mental pabylum offered them was assuredly ef the mpst' ineagro kind. The Minister no doubt reckoned that ' an after-dinner audierico is not apt to be hypercritical,' ariii that/when the sparkling wino is ' boozy/* ' the guests— or a fair proportion of theim-r sometimes are entitled to tho same appel ?latipn, and that the political draught offered them should therefore be 'drawn mild.' . ' ; ? ? - ??...? : , During the past week some of our (honorary justices have been earning an. ?unenviable notoriety. .Mr. Gregory, : of , |Horsham, has been committed, on several' I charge's of forgery, and Mr. T. K. Dwy'er, of ?Nirranda, in the Western district, has been i sent for trial to the Warrriambool assizes' ifor cattle stealing. Of course, the meife' ifact of ' gentleinen being authdrisedi ? tcif jappend tlie letters J.P. to their patrpnymiij jdoes riot render them immaculate. Biatrn: i' the old country' it is but seldom the i occupants of the Bench render themselves' | amenable to the law. They do not write ! other people's names instead of their own, ,nor mistake their neighbours' cattle, and jturn them into beef. After all, perhaps, i the disgrace into which the adininistratipn . ;of. justice is brought by such episodes1 attaches just as much to those w^ho ar^. ipointed the magistrates as to those in-' ; dividuals themselves. So. long as a ' J.P.' ship^ continues to be the reward of political services rendered at election tiines, so long will most unfit and improper persons cori ; tinue tp bo placed on the Cominissiori of the Peace. Adding a man's name to the i roll of justices is such a cheap and easy ; riiethod of showing ? one's gratitude that it ' can hardly bo wondered at if members of Parliament avail themselves of ittp.dis-! charge their ? liabilities to influential con? stituents. And strange though it may appear, cattle duffing, and a disregard fpr the law of vieum and iwtm, are often associated with political influence. And yet another ' gentleman' sworn to keep the Queen's peace has come to grief.' Mr. Powell, an ex-publican, of Footscray;; who, for some reason best known to spine former Attorney-General, was seated on the Bench, has been fined 40s at the City Court, for obstructing the police in! : the performance of their duties, and using expressions more forcible than polite in re gard to the guardians of law and' order; ^he trouble originated over a, vendor of ice creams, who was ordered to ' move on.' and demurring to the mandate, was / ?? backed up in the contumacy by the Fobt scray justice, who was incontinently locked up. One of the bystanders was heard to remark— and , fortunately the atrocious joke was uttered so sotto voce that it was only audible to' a limited number of the audience, or he also would most assuredly have been marched off to durance vile^-1 that the 'high screams' pf the itinerant vendor of those fearfully and wonderfully concocted' 'delicacies were infinitely '.less 'strongly flavoured than the language of the JtP. Th& presiding magistrates : evi dently were of the same opinion, .hence the mulct of forty shillings. l, .We are not after all to have a female medical practitioner in our midst. ,' The profession' has taken the alarm, and the application of Mrs. 'Doctor' Potts for her license to kill and cure has been refused' by the Victorian Medical Board. This' ; body has even gone a step further, and irii timated ' to tho enterprising American lady that if she does not at once drop the affix of M.D. to her namp she will be liable to a prosecution. It is really touching to witness such solicitude for the public health displayed by our medicos. Will Anna Potts have to leave us in search of a ^ ' fresh field of enterprise ? . , . Mr. Patterson, M.L.A., the representa tive of Castlemaine, has, prior to his de 'parture on a trip to the mother country, | been presented with a testimonial, as the^ champion of Victorian Protestantism, aria ttie partner of his joys and sorrows has been made the recipient of a handsorne diamprid bracelet and pair of earrings'.' There is perhaps nothing ? very' extra ordinary about the affair, save that the whole proceeding serves to illustrate' 'how when' at tiiries riien are not born to great ness; and do not even achieve it, it is often thrust upon them. The Defence Minister is — to use an exr ; pressive idiomatic phrase — making a. mess of it. The new defence force is being, enrolled, and the old Volunteers have not '. yet, according to an official memorandum,' been, disbanded, although everyone, in-; eluding the men themselves, imagined that they had passed into the limbo of ' things that once were.' Colonel Sargood's scheme is also receiving some rough handling at the hands of some of his military critics. It has been forcibly pointed out that the' com- - position of the new 'army' is defectivb, comprising too many Artillerymen, too few Infantry, and a ridiculously small com pliment of Cavalry. And one inquisitive; ' gentleman has enquired .through the Press whether the promotion to the rank, of 'Colonel,' to which Major Sargood has just been gazetted, applies to the old . Volunteer forces to the new militia, or to ; both? The War Minister altogether Ib having rather a lively time of it, arid no doubt often wishes he had not turned his . yard measure into a Field Marshall's; baton. Haying imported a number of Iiri pbrial pfficers, it would perhaps on the whole have been better had Mr. ''Sargood ? ? . remeinbered the old dictum,' 'Nc sutor ?'???; ultra crepidam.' ?????? .-... ,.f ,. ?? :,. There is, as yet, no change in the bill of fare. submitted by the. management to the play-going' public, ! consequently the . audiences are visibly thinning at theEoyal and the Princess. The Bijou pantomime, with' its ' lovely scenery, and the -Opera ', House with 'Bip Van Winkle' are, however, ' doing a ? good business. This latter, piece ! , ??-' is elaborately .mounted and -well), playedr ,-,', ; ': ??' ,??: and, . abounding, as ; it does .in pleasing ' , - ?- '?' '-«?? '?.-. 7 't,y' ? igialodie's, lias ( greatiy grown 'in 'favour since1 its 'first' production. But matters tfieatrical may on the whole be designated as flat.. This, no doubt, is largely due , to tfie, fact that the endeavour to stifle rivalry ? , by getting. the proprietorship of three out \ of the four houses into the same hands, h^s been only too successful. Monopoly. Has 'killed competition, which in things stagey is, as in other branches of trade, 'the sbul' of business.' ' ',...'' 