MOUNT GAMBIER SUMMER MEETING. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13. StewardsMessrs. T. 0. Ellis, G. Riddoch, r. Rowan, J. Newton, Capt. Gardiner, J. C. Sutton, W. Thurston, R. Crowe, F. E. Harris, U. A. F. Bolte. Judge-John Frew. Hon. Secretary - W. Nicholls. Handicapper - k. F. Laurie. Starter-J. Locke. Clerk of ;he Course-J. Hayes. The " dust fiend" did his best 011 Wednesday morning to spoil the Mount Gambier summer meeting, for from an early hour the town was enveloped in dust. There was a strong breeze blowing from the north-west, and what with this and the heat and the dust, matters were rendered very uncomfortable indeed. The miserable weather did not, apparently, deter many from attending, as the number on the ground was computed at between 1500 and 2000 persons. The stand was well filled, and contained a large per centage of ladies. Nor did the shilling a nead admission fee militate against the attendance as was predicted by the grumblers, for, to their credit be it said, all paid the fee cheerfully and very few sought to evade it. By the time the sport commenced a cool breeze sprang up which put people on better terms with themselves. The course was in capital order, and the grass green! Fancy the grass green in February. Can the same be said of any other course in Australia? There were the usual games peculiar to such gather ings, but only one three-card man tried on his little game, which waspromptly suppressed by the police. Corporal Kerr had a jaosse of police under his charge, but their services were not brought into requisition, as a better behaved or more orderly crowd it would be difficult to find any where. The sport was first-class, close and exciting finishes being the rule and not the ex ception. The day was disastrous to the favo rites, and in only one instance, viz., theMaiden Plate, did the favorite win. The books were thus able to make up some of their Penola losses. The management was good, and after the first event had been got off time was punc tually kept. The starting, which was entrusted to Mr. J. Locke, jun., was very successful.' Racing commenced with the Hurdlerace, for which the nine entered came to the post. Scobeloff was installed the favorite, but when it came to racing his weight told on him. A majority of the others received more or less support, the chances of Shamrock and Sword fish being regarded with favor. Katinka was thought to have a show, and the Black Angel party were confident of the ability of their mare to haul down the colors of her more favored rivals. A knowing few had a fancy for Con servative, who was ridden by Mick Herlighy, not long since one of our best cross-country horsemen, whose hand has not apparently yet lost its cunning. Smuggler was regarded as a good outsider; but Vanity had not been in training long enough to show her proper form, albeit she ran respectably considering that a couple of months ago she was a bag of bones. Black Angel made strong running for a mile, when she compounded, and Scobeloff took up the parable, but he also died away under the weignt, and Conservative coming up approach ing the last hurdle, had his field in trouble and won cleverly. The unlucky Shamrock was second, and had it not been for striking the first hurdle heavily his friends think he muBt have won. Katinka ran into a place, but this mare has been overrated. One of the surprises of the race was the forward running of Main spring, who was thought not to have a ghost of a chance. After luncheon had been discussed, attention was directed to the Mount Gambier Handicap, which resulted in a genuine surprise. Mr. Whitehead had established a "funk" amongst both layers and owners, and as he had declared to win with Maid of the Mist she was regarded as prime goods. Darkie led until he had pumped himself out, when Tory Boy took up the running. The Maid lay in a handy position till a short distance from home, when Ramage called on her, but she couldn't come, and although Skipper then set all sail to oaten the leaders, it was too late, for Tory Boy .kept going, and after a slashing set-to with Guam fish won by a hef«3. The Maiden Plate was an easy thing for Niobe, which ran second for thia identical race last year. She was treading the heels off her opponents all the way, and won, after the semblance of a race, very easily. Interest was not centred in the Glencoe Cup, for which Star was a red-hot public favorite, The Ameer being regarded as his most formidable opponent. After Barmaid and Morning Star were done with. The Ameer took pride of place, and although Mr. Whitehead rode the old horse all he knew, The Ameer won rather easily in the end. After the excitement had subsided the Mayor (Mr. A. F. Laurie), who made the Eresentation of the Glencoe Cup, said he had een requested by his fellow-stewards to do so. He remarked that although a young man Mr. Riddoch was an old turfite, and during liis. long career had always borne a character for everything that was straightforward and honorable. The handsome cup which had been presented by Mr. Riddoch, and which had, by the way, been won by his nephew, showed that he took a warm interest in the Mount Gambier Racing Club, and he hoped he might long continue to do so. It must be very grati fying to the donor that his gift had been won by an honorable young sportsman like Mr, Gibb. Mr. Laurie then handed the cup to Mr, Gibb, who replied in suitable terms. He ex pressed his pleasure at winning the cup with The Ameer, which he had reserved specially for this event. Three cheers were then given for Mr. Riddoch and another for Mrs. Riddoch, The Grand Stand Handicap produced a mag nificent struggle between Town Moor, Lavi tesse, Sir Patrick, and The Agent. The two first-named led most of the way. A short dis tance from home Sir Patrick and The Agent closed on the leaders, when a desperate fining ensued, Lavitesse winning by a head from Sir Patrick, The Agent'also beating Town Moor by a head for third place. The latter would probably have won had he not swerved from the whip a few strides from home, whereby he lost a length. Lavitesse ran gamely and well, and was a genuine boil-over. She was very fresh, and whilst taking her preliminary un- shipped her rider, Wilson, who, however, remounted her. Only one erson backed her on the totalizator, and e was rewarded for his confidence by pocketting _ £57, all the money in the pool minus the commission. Only two started for the Consolation Handicap, Mickey Free and Guardfish, The pair raced side by side till within a couple of lengths from the post, when Mickey forged ahead and won by a neck. This was another trip-up, as the layers were offering 20 to 3 on Guardnsh. Thus terminated a day's capital sport. Details are appended HDHDLSBAOE, A handicap of 40 sovs. About ope mile and thra quarters; qyer eigfyt flights of hurdles. Mr. A, T, Anderson's eft h Conservative, aged, by'John Bull, 9st'. 51bs. (Herlighy) 1 Mn F. E. Harris's br g Shamrock, aged, lOst. (Rffller) ... ... ... ... J 2 Mj- T. Cawkep's b m Katinka, aged, 9st. 121bs. (Grant) ... 3 J- Hayes's ch g Scobeloff, 6 yrs., list. 91bs. (H. Neale) g k Pwordfleh, aged, lOpt, ^ Mr. M. Liyingstbn's blk m'Black AngeL " aged,9st. 71bs. (Bajrbey) ... q C- Jlppwaod's S Maipsnring, aged, 9st,(Own3r) ... * ,tt , 0 Mj. John Kflbertepn's bp m Vanity, 6 yrs., 9st. (W. Beauchamp) t' 0 J. A. Bottrell's b g Sm\iggler,5 yrs.', 9st, (MacGregor) ... ... Q Black Angel jumped away wjth the lead, haying fop her immediate attendants Smuggler, Swprdfish, find Scobe]ofF, The others, with the exception of Vanity, who began slowly, and Conservative, who had not got on his legs, were all close up. The field ran thus to the back of the course, where the pace began to tell on Black Angel, and she gave place to Scobeloff, who went on with the running. Mr. Hayes' horse led till approaching the turn for home, where he was joined by Shamrock, Swordfish, aJ$ Katinka,- Mainspring also making 'hi* effort' immediately jrfferiraiffs.' 'The"'latfes! nattered his friends for1 a few strides,'whpn lie retired, Conservative meanwhile had been threading hia way through, and presently went to the head of affairs. Shamrock giving chase to him. Swordfish and Katinka, together, now came through and essayed to get on terms with the leaders, but Herlighy kept Conservative going, and he won all out by a couple of lengths raMMilW Time, 3miii.'S9s. ' ' '"v' MOUNT GAMBIER HAJTOICAP, Qf 50 so'yg. ' One xnile and a-half. Mr. T. Kelly's br 'g Tory Boy, by Lands brough, agpd, filbs. (Wilsqn) ' ... 1 Mr, 0. Watson's'br g GUaratish,'5 yrs'., 78t. Gibs. (Burns) ... 2 Mr. J. Whitehead's b m Maid of the Mist, aged, 8st. lOlbs. (Ramage) 3 Mr. T, Burt's br h Skipper, 4 yrs., 8st. 71bs. (A. Campbell)... ... ;r. 0 Mr. ~E. y^rwert's blk'g Darkie, aged, ?sfc. 41bs. (BadenocJ)) ' r» ,9 Mr. T, Burt's b g Star," aged, Ost. 121bs. ... di?. Sir. J. D. Furlonge's c h The Agent, 5 yrs., 8at. 41bs dr. Mr. A. Gibb's b g Sir Patrick, 5 yrs., 8st. ... dr. Mr. W. Robertson's b c Town Moor, 3 yrs., 7st. 61bs , dr. .The lot wei:e despatched on level terms, tho black'fom'of' jDafkie being'radst conspicuous as they swept past the stand, Tory Boy lying on his quarter. Skipper and Swordfish were in the centre, Maid of the Mist occupying a position in the rear. There was no material alteration in £he position of the horses as they raced albrig the back stretch, but descending the dip thpy £opk close order, and it was diffT: cult fop 'a moment to tell' whicji was in fropfi, The first to give way was Darkie, and Tory Boy now appeared in command. Mr. Kelly's horse led into the straight, Guardfish and Maid of the Mist being in close attendance on him. Skipper was holding a post of observation in the rear. A slashing race ensued down the straight Jjetweep the leading two, which ran a ding-dong finisH to the end,'Tory Boy rolling in' $ shpi^ head in front of Guardfish, Maia of the Mist being a length off, third. Skipper came fast at the nnishj out he got no nearer than a couple of lengths of his stable companion. Darkie was last. Time, 2miu. 49s, 