lEore nfeout the jsgw^-JKewarav WE lain the following extract from the j London Graphic:-t "lai a lirely, peasant way Mr, A W. Stirling manages to give a great <!»a! more information aWnt North Queens^ I land than one generally gets from books |of this kind. Certainly some ttf the in ,-fdrniation is of donbtfnl .ralap. The' [anxious father, asking: 'Shall I send Jont nij son V won't care tohearthat the . girls at Brisbane are'exceptionally beautr jfnl, and that they dunce like angels ;' ithongh it may help him to a.decifeion to learo that in Australian wxaety people jure-cot always, striving towriggle into a bigger sefc,anddo not cnttheir former ffriends as soon as they themselves have pecared an inritation lb Government jHonse. Mr. Stirling isstrongly in favour jof annexing NewGainea, and lie rather lets tiie cat out of the bag when heBays jthe Baptians are wanted Cor sugar grow ing: If the Home Govei nment is oh* damte, the planters;, who cau't get Kanakas enough, and whom the * inean whites' hamper by putting an import tax on Chinamen and coolies, wi" go over to New Guinea, and then 'the natives will be the sufferers.' Th*t the boggy is the best carriagefor bad roads 5 that 'shooting' is a senseless way of getting rid of ones wages; that Austral ian wine lias too strong a flavour ? that it woald ratlifer astonish tis to hear of Mr. Goschen and Sir W. HHreonrt bant ing a rat through a church yard, anJ ihnn dressing ttjrUke ghosts to fiightrn their cabman, *s a jwir of Queensland kiaistei^ arc described te doing j that ' argent' telegrams at doable rales ate a wonderful convenience; that a steam tram is dangerous In a city where drank" ness is not uncommon;.and that aamal^ joke goes a long way in places like Charters - Towers and Haghenden, ate some of the-tiringB one learns from Mr Stirling. One also learns tliat it is pa stble to speculate very largely in land withoat having a JElO-note of one's own ; that fortunes are tiot so easily made now as they were ; ar.d that, if yon send oat your son, it is b*;sl to give liim a good ilitrodtiction, bat no money, and let liim 'feel that he can conic bin yon for a thou sand or two . only when ho sees a re«1Jy good chance." 