ClttLtong Coitmtn. " LEFT BEHIND oa TEN DATS A NEWSBOY. tBy;the Author of "Toby Tyler," "Mr. Stubts'a • Brother," " Raising the 'Pearl,'" <tc- [From Harper's Young People.] CHAPTER IX. THE MOMENTOUS OCCASION. There was every prospect that the young actors would have a large audience, and when they went to Mrs. Green's they congratulated themselves on having thought of such a brilliant project. That Mopsey was a thoughtful manager as well as sparkling author was shown by a notice which the boys found fastened to the street door. It read— DoRes opes AT HABF FABST ssves and had evidently been prepared in anticipation of the rush of patrons which it was almost certain would fairly besiege the place before they were ready to receive them. Once in the theatre, it was seen that Dickey and Mopsey had not been wasting their time, for there was such a collection of castoff uniforms and weapons as would have furnished a much larger company than theirs with outfits. The two who had gathered this remarkable collection together were standing over it in conscious pride; but Mopsey did not give them much opportunity for admiration. " Now all nands turn to an' git dressed," he said, in a tone of authority, well knowing that his command would be willingly obeyed. " We've got to be sure to be ready, an' we can eat dinner after we're rigged up jest as well as not." As it was only too evident that Mopsey would be obliged to superintend the dressing of each boy, the party stood waiting for him to designate the one who Bhould first receive attention. "We'll start on you, Dickey," said Mopsey. Dickey stepped in front of the busy-looking manager, his face beaming with delight, ana his mouth open so wide that his smile seemed almost a grin. Among the collection out of which Shakspeare's characters were to stalk into view were quite a number of Mrs. Green's kitchen utensils, and nearly all of the party were puzzled as to what was to be done with them, when Dickey's toilet explained everything. Two tin covers that hid evidently been taken from the wash-boilers were fastened on Master Spry's chest and back, and Mopsey iwasted on lashing them on so strongly, lest they should become displaced in the fight, that poor Dickey found it impossible to hang his arms down by his side, but was obliged to hold them straight out, very much to his discomfort. A tin saucepan, somewhat the worse for wear, and well blackened, was placed on his head for a helmet, and in his hand a huge cavalry sabre. To throw a dash of colour into what would Otherwise have been rather a sombre-looking costume, Mopsey laced a quantity of red tape around each leg. But every rose must have a thorn, and Dickey soon found out what particular thorn there was in wearing the costume of Macbeth. In the first place, since he could not use Viia arms sufficiently to bring them around in front of him, he was obliged to do without a shield, for it would have been worse than useless; and again, when he tried to sit down after he had been admired by his companions, he found that the tin covers were so long that they doomed him to stand until the close of the performance. Johnny was the next one who was to be made happy, and perhaps uncomfortable, by Mr. Dowd's idea of costume, and his was on an entirely different scale, since he was to play the part of Othello. A pair of blue uniform trousers were first put on, and then pinned up, since they had originally been intended for a man. A broad leather belt was buckled tightly around hiB waist, and in this was placed a carving-knife, a pistol with no lock and but part of the barrel, and a jack-knife. An old sacque of Mrs. Green's, made of red flannel, and somewhat soiled, was put on as a coat, and on the shoulders were pinned epaulets made of gilt paper. addition to the weapons contained in his belt Johnny had a genuine sword and scabbard fastened to his side, and an army musket to carry in his hands, that looked as if it might have been used in any number of battles. It seemed singular that two should be condemned to stand through no fault of any one; tut Johnny also found it almost impossible to sit down, owing to the number of pins Mopsey had used to make sure that the trousers would remain at the proper length, and he Uancd against the wall by the side of Dick i v. _ Bej's costume required very little care, since it was eiwply a sheet thrown over his bead ; but he insisted so strongly that a ghost had just as much right to have his legs laced up with red tape and to wear a sword as anybody else, that Mopsey was obliged to give way, and do as he desired. A quantity of tape was tied around his legs, and in order to produce a pleasing effect in case his feet could be seen below the sheet, he insisted on having quite a number of ends hanging down from the ankles. He also had a belt, with a carving-knife, and a pistol in about the same state of repair that Johnny's was, stuck into it, and then, with the sheet over his arm, so that he could have it handy, he looked on while the others dressed, envied by Dickey and Johnny because he could sit down so comfortably. Paul made a very showy- looking Hamlet, to say the least. He wore a pair of rubber boots many sizes too large for him, with tops that reached to his knees, and were ornamented with tissue-paper rosettes. A black frock-coat, which on close inspection proved to be Johnny's best, and the one that he had worn when he called upon Mrs. Green, hung about his shoulders, the sleeves covering his handB completely, and giving him a ainpilar if not distinguished appearance. This coat had been made more gorgeous than it originally was by having gilt paper pasted to each button, ana a red sash tied about the waist, in which were two table-forks and a wooden sword, the latter article interfering sadly with his knees when he walked. On his head he wore a huge paper cap that had been painted red, white, and blue, and ornamented with a tuft of feathers that had once dbne service in a dusting-brush. He also had a gun, and as the weight of it was almost more than he could carry, he dragged it along behind him, very much as the melancholy Hamlet would have been likely to do. He also could sit down, which was no email triumph.. All this had taken some time, and Mrs. Green _ had already called UD the staircase that dinner was nearly ready before Mopsey had commenced to clothe himself in such garments as he supposed Richard the Third wore. First he pat on a pair of cotton pants that were once white, but were now drab, and which .fitted quite closely. On the outside seams of these ne pinned a strip of gilt paper, and then drew on a pair of boots, the tops of which caine up quite as high on him as the rubber ones did on Paul. Around these boots was laced more red tape. He had a broad leather belt, and outside of it was a red sash with ends that nearly touched the floor. As weapons, he wore a sword in a scabbard, a carving-knife, a portion of a pistol, and a table-fork. His coat was a soldier's overcoat, cut down to prevent It from trailing on the floor when he walked, and on his head was a paper cap nearly twice as large, and very much more ornamented in the way of feathers and red paint than that worn by PauL The company were now ready for their arduous duties on the Btage, and could afford the time to go to dinner. More than once had Mrs. Green called out to them that that very important meal was ready, and should be eaten if they expected her to get the dishes washed in time to act as door-keeper. It was a ferocious-looking, and in two cases at least an uncomfortable-feeling, company that filed down the stairs and into the diningroom, led by Dickey, who was obliged to enter the door sideways, because his arms stuck out so straight as to prevent his moving through any aperture less than five feet wide in any other way. " Gracious!" exclaimed the landlady, as she saw this queer-looking object enter the room, followed by four others more or less goigeous, and all equally terrible. " How on earth did you contrive to make yourselves look so horrible!" /'Mopsey did it," squeaked Dickey, piteously, as if he had been accused of some wrong deed, and earnestly (wishing that he was the ghost. _" He's Macbeth," said Mopsey, in explanation, and anxious to show that he had only done his duty in thuB making Dickey so uncomfortable. "Tiiafs pretty near the way Macbeth always gits hisself up." "Poorman 1" said Mrs. Green; "it must have been terrible hard for him, an' he couldn't 'a had a great deal of comfort with hiB arms." And then, as she looked over her spectacles at the miniature Macbeth, noticing that it was the covers of her wash-boilers that he wore, she said, " You must be awful careful not to tumble down, Dickey, for you never could get up, an', besides, if anybody should step on you they'd spoil them covers, an' one of 'em's 'most new." Dickey made no promise, but his face showed plainly that he knew the danper he would be in if he should fall over, and his determination to stand as straight as possible In the combat which would take place in the third act. All of the company save Dickey and Johnny seated themselves at the table, and began to make a hearty but hurried meal. Johnny stood up in a careful manner, and got along veiy well; but poor Dickey could neither sit down nor help himself. He made one or two vain efforts to pick up a biscuit from the table, but his armour would not permit, and he was about to lean back against the wall in helpless indignation when Mrs, Green noticed him. " Poor child," she said, in a motherly tone, " I do think it is a shame for Mopsey to rig you np in such a way that you can't eat, air you do have such a good appetite." " He wanted to play Macbeth," said Mopsey, anxious to clear himself from any blame; " an' if he plays it he's got to go that way." " Yes, I wanted to piay it, said Dickey, in a tone that told he would never want to do such an uncomfortable thing again. "I wanted to; but I didn't know 2 was goin' to be fixed so I couldn't even wiggle." Mrs. Green went without her own supper for the sake of giving Dickey his, and she fed him patiently, while he stood with outstretched hands leaning against the wall. By the time the boys were through supper, Nelly came into the room, dressed for her portion of the work in tne evening's performance, and even Mopsey, who the day before had suggested that she should wear a sword, thought she looked charming in her white dress with blue ribbons. It was very near the time set for opening the doors, and already they could near a crowd of boys on the sidewalk, as they jostled and pushed in their efforts to enter before the managers were ready to receive them. Mopsey, excited at this clamouring of the public, drove his company upstairs, and hurried Mrs. Green to sucn an extent that she concluded to let her housework go until after the performance, and went down to open the door. ( To be continued.) 