A WIMBLEDON SURPRISE. Joseph Goode, j unior and managing partner j to the weli-knoffii firm of eoiic-itors, Messrs. Bravo and Belly, was as good a hnsband as | fle wag a business man, which is saying .a J good deal. Never had wife less reason thai! his to complain of the neglect or misconduct | of her gpouse. And Bessie, on the whole, | aid not complain. She was both satisfied : with, and proud of, her young, handsome, j Ma attentive husband. After several years | spent in the holy bonds of matrimony, they both seemed to find these bonds as easy ub j they were during their honeymoon. | Thero were, however, two things which | troubled Bessie's little heart. The first one j was that though her husband's business was extending in a way quite satisfactory to 'him, it was growmg in a manner very uneatie- actory to her. Every day Joseph was Bscoiiiing more and more of a lady's lawyer, oj&uy; of ihe divorce, theatrical, and breach- .promise cases every term found their why j into his hands. When Bes«ie glanced at the i paper of a morniDg and saw a law report ! sensational Divorce,' or Theatrical 1 caadal,' or ' Amusing Breach of Promise,' .. e expected to find that the solicitors for | elady were Messrs. Bravo and Bully, and l ewaS 6eidm disappointed. Id fact, it at ngtn became feo common that the sight of it | egan to sicken her. It was not that she J Bne to 08.eP!iJ Arm being mixed np in j oV= Ca£ee ' waa raer beaauee she jscted to Joseph himself beibg mixed op j ti-rt MUctl .comPany> Once or twice ladies in »;!, !u -Wfcil tile" husbands, of quarrelling 1 hia i?eir managers, had, after Jobeph left Bp e' Purfiued him to his home ; and | Bh"» .a< b®90 curious enough to aee them. | an/3 4-u Bucceeded in doing so sometimes, j 'TV. 6 8e ®ten she had not liked. J q . 8r® Was>' she told her mother, old Mrs. | hpr t something about their eyes that made loncomtetaM®. They bad a wicked Josnnif v.Ut the> she would rather | them ' nothing to do with the owners ol 1 trmiM j 'le eatne time, what in "her heart 1 JofipniT, perhaps, quite as much -as. n.jf , d clients' wicked 4oo.ks,,Waa -their "Moobicd beaut,. Mote thao Vff«S,/aW! litian 6<ime Pre"y actress, or other fair- inta Veave Jo8ePh'a Bdy, she had looked lace j88® bcr own round, 'demUre little I atl»an _3JE1PRriDg it with the striking : haa Bn Biowing eyes of the lady visitor, . VanM3UHilt Osk wondering if Joseph, comm a , aa be content with snob a hi dp nP ce little woman as herself. Bat \- ver showed any sighs of being oh&rmed; i imcTiretted yerhhr ' fr«e! oozyiidled oL BT Abrtt. ttrtiSB,' wKsiiiKo' i . Vther sffeotionatQ, she fPU in q ft0vdb Wt aod her mother Aide no' secAt to her of the 'tkqt that" she regirded M\mtbi ?h hPb0te' Bufc' in «pite of t 'Sv 9lJbtb and kindliness of Mb bearing toward her made Bessie feel that HSZtEF »» J-w i g ?? ' worrIoa her. and of winch she did complain to her husband, Was 1 -1 'ieriB8- Dike some Other successful bueiijesa men, Joseph did not ?steeag. > He thought nature intended him to win military story J — - f0.miQaally bewailing the fate that I ShUt him m an attorney's office. - .Every 1 Were any eomplic-itAns abroad he j took the deepest interest in them, 'and again' I and agaip declared bia intention of volnh- I teering 10 service should they remit in war. 1 1 hesehBUidOBe declarations' alarmed 1 ib every case, when War 1 did .result, j Joseph discovered that business f affairs prevented him from gratifying .bis j longing to participate in the struggle, she' j began tp hear them with considerable eqaanimity, ; One consequence, however, of b?8 TRS3ten for soldiering she disliked, and disliked bitterly. As he could not become a regular, he became a Volunteer. He was continually; marching and drilling/practising musketry, and camping out with3 the men of his regiment— the 1,001st Middlesex. It watra swaggering, corps, the 1,001st, and was com posed largely of young professional add busi- | riien of warlike tendencies, acid was popu larly known as the 'slaughterers,' on account ; I of the -ferooious appearance of the 'members, I and the terrible execution it was. understood | -they would do if they ever had a chance of. : going into action. Every year it had its' | tent at 'Wimbledon during the rifle competi- j tion, and usually, also, its oamn at Biehmond: | And to those Joseph would go," in spite of all j (fee tears and poutings of poor Bessie. Of ! Wimbledon, in particular, he was very fond, I and while the camp remained there he re- mained there, seldom doing more than run- oing op to bis office -when somepreEsing bosi oess compellea him, and then, when he' had finished it. returning with all speed to the camp. While he was thus diverting himself Bessie stopped with her mother, taking care, however, to go down to Wimbledon almost svery day, ostensibly to see the shooting, but really to keep an eye on Joseph. ! One day, while the competition was going Ion, Bessie v thought She would give her husband a little surprise. She bad arranged that day to go to Wimbledon, if the weather proved fine. . Joseph was to meet her at the station, and, after seeing some of the matches, she was to have dinner in his. tent I with some fellow-members of his corps, with | whom he was rharing it. It occurred, there- I fore, to Bessie that it would be a deiigbtful | surprise ifsbe went down by an earlier train, j She knew ; Joseph was in his tent all the | morning, fpr it was then he attended to his I business correspondence ; and she also knew where his tent was, as she had- been -at the | damp the' flay before. It amused her to | imagine his astonishment to see her walk in rat a moment when he thought : her miles | away. As she had, however, some idea that I ber -mother would obfect to the scheme, . Bhe I did not tell her of her design, but, under the I excuse -of having something to do in town I before starting for- the camp, she left home | about two hours earlier than was arranged, j She arrived ail right at -Wimbledon, and | easily found her way from the station to the enclosure ; Onee there, she was soon -able to- identify Joseph's tent. She was hurrying up toward it when it ccenrred to her that, as there were pther men besides her husband ia ths. tent, the surprise might not be-so pleasant as she anticipated if she went in unexpectedly. She had never thought of this befsrei .But j8he.did not; like how to turn back, so. the best course she could think of was not to go into the tent ati first, but to rap on the canvas, acc bring somiAae oui.: Thea, 'if things were all right inside, she obuldgo in. -Advancing with that intention, she heard herhusbandk voicev and, with a woman's curiosity, paused before I japping io see if ehe could hear what be was ; talking about. As she did soj bis voice- was | interrupted by liu-.iiher— a woman's ! She started in amazement: and .horror. . In- a moment all the Buspioiona which had lo long haunted her, and which; she had vainly tried to dismiss, came rushing -;intd her mind. ' The past waa now clear to -her; She could understand his passich fof volunteering', and his anxiety to spend h?8 time away ifrom her roof. .What a simpleton she had been ! Bhe missed what the woman | had said. ; When her husband replied, she I heard him clearly. ; ; . Oh, Kate, Kate,' he laughingly shouted, ' you are not a bit improved S Tm not like your mouetaohe, then, Joe, replied the woman, in a gay, chaffiog tone. 4 How long and ferocious it has grown ! Why. you're quite ferocious- looking.' .' Upqn my word, you?re teasing the life out Df me.' said Joseph. 'I wish you would get oiit of this.' ' That's b nice way of treating me, after I've run away from my husband for you. ' I wish to goodness you'd run back again. If you vex him as much as you have me, lm sure he must be glad to get rid of you.' ; « Oh, you're si gallant as ever, Joe ! Here, old solemn face, give me that gun. Don't be afraid j I'm not going to shoot you .though you deserve it. . I'm only going to show you how yqu.looked when I saw you this morn- !-iOgi' : i And Jessie heard the woman marohing iip and down the tent In military style. Then there was the sound as of Joseph rising, and f of a hdrt struggle boding with a kiss. f She l iiejfceDBd to all in a etate oFhorrrfied astoniah- ment; She felt inclined for a moment to go in and confront the guilty, pair, but her t coufage failed her, and while her Husband and I the woaian werestiU laugl ing and chatting, L she : turned and hurried off j to the station, f wtien sbe reached it, a train was about to I s'art. She stepped into it, and in a little over half an -hour was back again in .her I mothei s house. " . . .. ? Wh6h she entered the robm where her fainting Pbhditiciu. iMTrs. Grim notioed this at once. , at oh earth is wrong with you, child ?' Vh® cried, "in alafm. - 4 You look like a ghost ' < ,'Obt marhma. mamoisk, I am riiined !' ex- ' .clafm?d the youog wife. sobhing bitterly. . ; j '.Whai; you say? What. have you dOne Where have you been ? Tell me at once, you iiiliy !' sore .m8d the old lady, ia great excitement. vieabledou, mamma, and,; oh, dear, ' dearj'my husband has deceived me !' i ' Oh, is that all ?' answered Mrs. Grim, in a 1 retibved tohig. ' What has be done, my dear? j Mamma, dear, I can har-hardiy t:-teU yu | (sob;. I wept ear- early, you know, intending j to— to surprise him (sob), and wh-when I ; came to his t-tent, I heard him talking to a w-wo- woman (sob, sob). And ehe w. was eay- ing she had r-ruo away from her h-husband- for him (sob). Oh dear, dear, what ah un- ' fprtanate girl I Am !' (sob, sob,- sob ) J ; 1 Eh ? What's that ?' cried Mrs, Grim.r ' Didn't I toil you that long ago ? Hold you ; his; dirty business in. that wicked Divorce Court doald never end Th good— fidh't" I? Those whp i lie down with , dogs will rise up with fleas— won't they ? 1 . Yes, mahima,' answered poor little Bessie, sobbing sorely. V : V - And' didn't I tell you long ago that you should speak out — didn't I ? - But you: wouldnc do it, Oh, no ; you didn't believe me; you3 had eonfidence in him. - Oh, of course, you | were wiser- than' your mother— flTCry girl is, nowadays.' Yes, mainma,' sobbed Be.ssie. . ' Now it's my turn, and you'll see if I don't talk to him— that I will, I can tell yon. You go ahd lie down on your bed, Bessie;, you're knocked up poor thing, and no wonder. I'll . put on my bonnet,; and start off to him this minute. It's a goad; thing you've, found it out at last;; he has made a foot, of you- long ehought I knew he was deceiving; you for this 'year past and more, but there was no use tilling you ; yon .wouldn't believe rne.' -r 3 ' But, mamma, dear,' pleaded little Bessie, 4 don't be too, cross with hiia, please—for my sake, dear mamma.' ; , What do you meanj Bessie?' demanded : Mrs. Grim, indignantly; I'm aBhamed of you 1 Have you ho self-respect? You, my daughter ! 1 If your father had ever ventured. to treat me so diegraoefully, do ycu think I would have) asked my mother not to he. cross with him ? I No, I should have; helped: her ! That's what you ehobld do ; but you're uofifc; You'rC weak, silly : creature; stiH, thank goodness, I'm able ta do it myself, - And Mrs. Grim 'marched off, apparently fairly satisfied with the turn affairs had taken, and determined to talk to . Master Joseph in a way he had never been talked to before." Poor Bessie, too weak with crying to make any opposition, heard heir mother, a few minutes afterwards, prance down the hall and slam the front door after her. Mrs. Grim oalled a cab; and drove .straight to the station. She just Arrived in time -fio .catch the train that Joseph had arranged Jessie should come hy. All the way to Wimbledon she occupied herself by turning, over in her mind, the most disagreeable things she could think of, and getting them into the most disagreeable: shape possible, ready for launching at; the head cf her offend-: ing 8on-in-law. As the train drew np at the statibn/ she saw him standing orrthe platform in his : volunteer uniform, looking as hand some and innocent as usual. The momeot she got out of the carriage he noticed her, and came hurrying forward with rather an anxious exoression on his countenance. 4 Where's Bessie, Mrs. Grim? he cried. ,4 Has anything happened to her?. Why is 'she not here ?' _ " ' Yes, Mr. Goode,' answered Mrs. Grim, : looking liim full in the face, and refusing his proffered hand. 4 Yes, Mr. Goode, something has' happened to her.' You dpn't say so?', he said, alarmed. 4 Why didn't yoti telegraph to me ? What Is it?' . ; ' Oh, only this : she has found you out.' 4 What are you talking about?' asked Joseph, .angrily., /Is ' Bessie ill, br . is -she not? Answer me ishat.' / ' / I'll answer you nothing, sir, till you first answer me,' replied Mrs. Grim, sternly. 1 How- dare yoa, you seoandrel,- abuse the confidence and ' innocence of cay : poor daughter? You viper, to run away from your dod and faithful wife to follow wicked actreSBas and otber di'sreputable women !' ' Joseph gazed on ' his inbtHer in- law in amazement. 7/ By Jove,' he said to himself, 4 1 always ' thought She was a bit touched, but I never "hhagihed she would go raving, wild so - soon.' Then 1 he said aloud, 4 Pray, Mrs/ Grim, be calm. ' I really don't t quite understand y ou 4 Oh, ho ; of course you don't,' she answered, - soqrntully. 4 I never imagined you would. Oh, you're a sly hypocrite, you "two-faced villain you.' 4 Mrs: Grim, do please keep quiet,' saic Joseph, pleadingly. -4 See, all the people axe looking at he. Come out of the station, and we will talk it all over quietly.' 4 No, sir ; I'll do nothing of the kind,' replied Mrs. Grim, immediately walking straight out of the station. They went a little distance in silence. . Joseph was apparently convinced that his motherrin-law' had gone crazy, and was wondering how ; he could gefc har quietly back to London. While he was thus occupied, elib brtk in upon, his meditations.' ' : 4 Well, sir;' ishe said, 1 1 suppose yoh have induced the wrbtbhed woman, whom you have ruined, to "return . to her home ? It wehtd scarcely do'to have her Iii yonr tent whbn your wife arrived.' 4 Eh? Woartn I had in my tent ? In- duced to go home ?'; said Joseph, with a puzzled look on his face. 4 Pray, go on. J think I'm beginning tp understand you.' . Oh, you ate l'.said Mrsi Grim. , 4 So, you bad a lady iti y our tent this morning, had '.ybuf '.-V' 7"' /'r '7; c I- 4 Ye£,' of cburee I bad. How did you f'kiiow-?"- ; J." 7V ,1( '/ . "./I | 4 What !' Ovclaimed Mrs. . Grim, in a shocked ! tone, and with a look of horror. 4 What ? i Do you' obnfeRS your perfidy in that bare-, faed and unblushing manner ? Why, this is woree than ever. I -thought yon would at j least have the debency to be ashamed ofit.' 4 Ashamed of what,/ Mrs. Grim ?' inquired Jotfeph, condhq5.i "./sir. ..5 How - "dire? jyjp'i / wnfesa/i« boldly i your iufejjuity i'to " yOur 7veif o'a7 oWb j mother ?' j . „ . r A / What the deuce are you talking about ?; I have confessed no iniquity.' / Oh, indeed J so ynik consider thatit is, not iaiqmtoqs; \ good a»d tmstingJ wife?;; Ia u) pose - EharWiy ia.vyersioqk J Atsueh j matters--. -Jjufc. just J expect of men who don't see -any thing wrohg in assisting j thiaves and murderera-fqr a lew dirty, guineas, . . For . my pkrt, I'm only an ordinary— r-r-' . . ... . I : 4Liok here, Mrs, Grim,' interrupted, 1 Joseph, determinedly, 4 1 have etood this long l enough. I see now. what , you're driving at. Somebody has told. you and Bessie sonaej ridiouloug npneecae about that lady in my test this morniiigi/r ; . ./ '.-i Nobudy i told her any nphsense. She ' found it all put herself./ . ' ...I ; /jpidjshe 2 Wei), I hopu she will., hencp forth iflnd a better way of occupy in g ber time. The ; lady in my tent, this : mprning . wag my -siater.. She; came, to England days ago with her hasband, who is ope pf the- Canadian team. ./They didn't teil as , ithey were doming, intending ta sarprisp pb; but when they called at . pur ad dress they I foinm tbe hpqse closed .up, .fuad, nobody cbqld tell them where tp find us . This morning, wbe&io; the catap/. my sistei; reooguiseil me. Bhe .remained with me while her hasbh/l went back to . towm tp arrange some bnsi , ness.- He is backaffain. .and both are. in my tent now,-;, waiting to - be / introduoed tb t Bessie; I .thought, I would .earprise her, ) but I seem; to have got the surprise myself 1 instead; If you wait till I telegraph to her, .| I will introduce you I io . ihem.'r > Had pot our surpriseB turned out so frightfully badly j to-day, I would ; give them a greater phje than any we' have had hy. Introducing ypu 1 to them as my wife.'; 7, 