CHAPTER XVI. THE DOOB LOCKED UPON BIM. Arley and her husband proceeded directly to North- ampton, where they were obliged to remain over Bight ne they were too late to catch a boat across the Chan- nel, Philipjobsetved the most punctilious politeness to- wards his wife ; thit one sentence of hers-" the tie that binds us is but a mockery, and I feel that I am nothing to you but a wife in marne"-had cut him keenly, and had seemed to raiBe a barrier between tbem which he could not overcome ; while Arley, preserving the reserve of their last interview, received his attentions with a quiet dignity, almost coldness, which told bim that her affection for him had received a shock which it would be long in re coveting from, if indeed it ever did. They might have been merely two acquaintances travelling together, their manner and beariDg toward each other wereso undemonstrative, although marked by the strictest courtesy »ndgood breeding. Arriving at Northampton, Philip secured a couple of rootos, and having seen Arley settle! in one o' them, and attended to everything that would con- duce to her comfort, he excused himself to her say- ing: " I have a matter of business to attend to and may not be in until late. I will meetyou in the morning at breakfoat. I hope you have everytbingyou need." " Yes, thank you," Arley returned, and he bowed himself from her door as if he were taking leave of some distinguished guest, Arloy locked the door upon him with a sigh of re- lief end satisfaction at being left thus to bereelf, and then all her forced composure gave way and she abandoned herself to the overwhelming grief which had nearly crushed her for most of the day. She hB8 been fo happy only that mornin g-every prospect had been so bright, her hopes so buoyant ; there bad not seemed to be a cloud to dim even the horizon of her life, end now the heavens appeared block above her. How could sha live and bear to meet this dread future ?-how live like a stranger to her husband whom despite 'everything, she loved with a deep tenderness (though, if she had known twelve hours previous what she now knew, she never would have spoken those words which had made her his wife -yen, she would even have stopped short and left him at the very altar)? He had told her that he had no love for ber-or J the same es told her so-that he had sought her simply for her money, and an overpowering sense of degradation and misery swept over her soul crushing her to the earth, Then, too she was tortured by this mystery which enshrouded her birth and parentage. Whence had she come P Could it be possible that she had sprung from obscurity- that she should yet livejto discover her'station to be as low and bumble as that from which Ina had so suddenly emerged P No, she could not believe that ; something within her assured her that there was good blood in her veins. Her tastes and aspirations were not low by any means; her nature was refined, possessing a caturr.l delicacy beyond anything which mere culture could have produced, had she been born of plebeian parents. But, notwithstanding this conviction, she felt as if her lot just now were harder to bear than that of al- most any one living, and thus it was the first night of her wifenood was spent in tears and wretched- ness. Still she resolved that she would notbecruBherl by this adverse fate ; if there was f-uch a thing as rising .above it »na conquering it she wouM-do it. No one should mistrust how utterly wretched she was, and Philip least of all. She would not allow him to imagine how she was broken-hearted beyond relief over his faithlessness ; she determined in ker pride that, as far as she whs able, ehe would appear like ber old self before him, and he should be compelled at least to respect and admire, if he could not love, the woman whom he had won under false pretences and trapped into marrying him. Her lips curled with scorn, her cheeks burned, and her eyes flashed with ringer as she recalled all the vows he bad uttered, all the protestations of affection which he had poured into her willing ears, all the at- tention ond devotion which he had lavished upon her on every occasion, and realized that it had all been'assumed for so mercenary a purpose. " How could any one be guilty of such meanness ?" ehe cried, contemptuously. " I despise-I loathe it, and my ideal has crumbled to ashes." ne looked differently to her-he appeared different since this discovery, and she began to wonder how she could ever have thought him so superior to others ; yet, in her heart, she knew that the love which she bad given him so unreservedly would be very hard to kill ; it might even live ou and on until it would wear her life away, But, in spite of her wretched, sleepless night, she appeared at the breakfast next morning as fresh and blooming as if she bad slept the sweet sleep of child- hood ; and she took greet pains with her toilet, mak- ing herself as dainty and attractive as possible, so that more than one pair of admiring eyes followed ber as she swept down the length of the dining-room to ber place at the table. Her greeting when she met Philip had been pleas- ant, though reserved-somewhat as she would have spoken to an acquaintance-and ehe chatted with with him while she ate her breakfast as freely and agreeably as if she bad not a care upon ber mina. " Well, I) must confesB ehe takes the situation coolly," be said to himself, and with something of ir- ritation mixed with his wonder at seeing her so pretty and unconcerned, and attracting so much ad- miring notice from the strangers about them. He had felt very uncomfortable the day before, when Arley bad discovered how he had deceived her, but to have the whole matter apparently ignored and treated so lightly at this early date, while at the same time he was, so to speak, held at arm's length, gave him a feeling of personal injury, which, how- ever, he could not resent without making himself ridiculous. j When they came to cross the Channel, Philip was obliged to succumb to that tyrant influence which scarcely ever fails to prostrate its victims on those choppy waters, and he retired to hie state room in about es miserable a condition as it is possible for mortal to be. Arley, however, did not experience any inconveni- ence. The motion of tha vessel seemed rather to ex hilirate her, and the bracing sea air to make her more brilliant and beautiful. Several times she sent polite messages by the stew- ard to Philip, asking if there waa anything that she could do to contribute to his comfort ; and once bhe went herself to his door, and, after ceremoniously rapping for permission to enter put her lovely face within and inquired, in s musical voice : " Have you any commands for me, Mr. Pexton ? I should be very glad if I could do anything for your relief." " Mr. Paxton I" She had always had such a pretty way of calling him Philip, that this formal manner of addressing him jarred harshly upon bim, even though he was almost too ill to take notice of anything. It told him that she meant to observe her outward obligations to him ; he Bbould always receive proper respect from her, but that sha would not go beyond that. He was not to expect any demonstration of affection or regard from her, since be had forfeited all right and title to anything of the kind. " No," he returned to her inquiry ; " the steward can give me all the attention which I may need." But he looked wistfully into her lovely face, from which notan atom of its natural color had abated, as if he would have been glad to read in those dark eyes something of the old tenderness which she had been bo free to bestow upon him in the days of their wooing. When at last the vessel stopped at her pier, and he emerged from his forced seclusion looking like a ver- itable ghost, Arley, in a very quiet way, assumed and relieved him from all care regarding their landing, and proved bexaelf so efficient and sensible in her pro- ceedings that he regarded her in astonishment. They immediately took the train for Paris, and just before reaching that city Arley remarked : "It is quite expensive living at the hotels in Paris Is it not?" " Yes, if one goes to a first-cluss hotel," Philip rep'.ied. "Then I think, since we are now obliged to count the cost of everything, it will be better for us to take apartments where we can have breakfast and lunch served, and dine at some nice cafe, I know that many people do that way," " It seems a little strange, does it not P for people to be quite so econimical upon their wedding jour- ney," Philip observed, somewhat sarcastically. Arley turned and looked straight into his eye«, her own exceedingly bright from some inward emotion. " Beally, Mr. Paxton Í did you expect, that this journey would be anything else but ' a strange' one from first to last ?"she asked. Then, without giving bim time to reply, she added in a matter-of-fact way : " My interests are, of couras, allied with yours now, and since it is necees try for us to practice economy in overy possible way, it is my desire to begin at once." How sbe would have scorned end laughed at the idea a week previous, that she could bave talked of, and such less practised economy, she who bad scat- tered her money broadcast with such a lavish hand ! " What is your idea of economy ?" Philip inquired remembering her elegant wedding finery and thinking to be amused by her answer. " I think w» c*n hire three apartments, two sleep top rooms and a parlor, in a good quarter of the city, for a moderate sum, we can have eimple breakfast and lunch served to us there and dine at any of those nice c<fes very reasonably. In this way I think we can make our expenses much lighter thpn they would bave been if we had remained in London, while at the same time we can have the benefit of the objects of interest in ' dear, delightful Paris.' I intend to make the most of th e trip, and there is much which I wish to see and leam about, in the wonderful city " Philip mode no reply to this plan, but he was struck was its feasibility and resolved to put it into practice when they would reach their destination, while nt the eame time he wondered to hear such wise utterance from Arley's lips; every hour in her society served to develop a depth and strength of character tor which he was wholly unprepared. Adversity seemed to have unlocked a door in her soul, wherein lay treasures hitherto unexpected. Arriving in Paris, they found three very comfor- table apartments in the Rue de Rivoli, and where they arranged with the landlady for the privilege of ordering whatever they might need at a reasonable sum. Philip, however was almost helpless in making these arrangements, for bis French was very poor; but Arley could speak it like a native, and chattered volubly while driving herclose bargain with madame, yet doing it in such a gracious, winning way, that she seemed to be conferring a favor to take the rooms at any price. They remained in Paris three months, where, ot first tbey did not intend remaining as many weeks. Arley often wondered when Philip was going to return to London and take up his work again, but she had resolved not to interfere, and so let matters take their course. The life seemed to suit him ; the expense of their living was not much, if any, more thon he would have been obliged to incur for himself alone at home, while he bad become interested in learning the lan- guage, ond was determined to be »ble to converse freely in it before leaving. Another thing-his pride revolted more and more from going back to London, where his affairs would be known and talked about-where he would con- stantly meet people who had known of his "great expectations" and his subsequent disappointment He could not bear to encounter the sympathy of such ; be shrank from going into close quarters to live, and, in fact, seemed to be losing all taBte and desire for resuming his profession Alley enjoyed the eight-seeing as much es she could enjoy anything, with the burdens which lay so heavy on her heart. She wes ob'iged to live bj herself a great deal, for Philip evidently did not feel easy in her society, and went his own way, leaving ber to go hera, She was thus often very lonely, being snch a stranger in that great, giddy city ; but she was a brave little woman, and often when the tears would come with a sudden rush to her eyes, ehe would resolutely crush them back and whisper to herself : " I will try to make the best of it-to believe that it is all right ;" and then she would go away to the Louvre, or the Place de Luxembourg, or the Hotel de Cluny, where, among the pictures and other works of art, she would forget for a time herself and her troubles, By and by, when she found that Philip did not eeem inclined to leave Paris, she bought some artists materials and busied herself with making sketches of many of the beautiful things which ehe saw, and in this way ehe stored her mind with much useful knowledge of art, and waa enabled to carry away many souvenirs of her sojourn there. The strangely united pair met every morning with manner moat polite, but with the most commonplace of salutations ; discussed the newspapers and their experiences of the day before, or, perhaps, when other subjects failed, French culiaary art, in the most matter-of-fact way imaginable. Arley always looked as fresh and pretty as a pic- ture, as she Bat opposite Philip and poured his coffee and there never was any trace upen her face of the many BBd and sleepless hours which ehe passed in the silence and loneliness of her own chamber. She was always pleasant and courteous-always ready to oblige her husband in every possible way, but she never abated one whit of the dignity and reserve which she had assumed on her wedding-day She seemed to be as invulnerable as Achilles of old, and without even one weak point, like him, where she could be assailed afid conquered. She possessed a keen sense of the ludicrous; she was full of anecdote and story, while her descriptive powers were vivid and entertaining, and these she sometimesemployed, when the conversation dragged, to such purpose, that Philip would often find himself watching and listening to her with a strange fascina- tion, and even sometimes wishing that he could break down that terrible barrier which reared itself, so much like a brazen wall between them, They lunched wherever they happened to be ; but contrary to their original intention, tbey dined in their own rooms at six in the evening, Arley never neglected her toilet ; eba was always arrayed in some dainty costume, that made her doubly fascinating. She seemed to grow more bean« tiful every day ; to acquire a certain grace and polish which ehe bad never possessed before, and to expand and develop mental powers which actually aston- ished her husband. He began to enjoy his dinner hour exceedingly to look forward to it every day with Btronge impa- tience and eagerness, and at this time had Arley given him the slightest encouragement, he would have fallen a willing captive to her charmB, and she could have molded him to her will. Two or three times he brought her a tiny bouquet of lovely flowers, on his return to dinner ; but if be had hoped anything from them as peace offerings, he was doomed to disappointment Arley took tbem with a formal " thank you," im- mediately put them into e little vase, and set them upon their parlour table ; and there they stood, ap- parently unheeded, until tbey withered and died, and the chambermaid threw them out. This burt biß vanity exceedingly, especially as be had chosen flowers which he knew she loved, and be had.hoped that she would tuck them in her belt, or fasten tbem in her hair ; but to have them neglected and ignored, made bim feel that she cared nothing for the attention as far as he was concerned. He grew tired et length of Paris, and they went from there to Tours for a month, thence to Toulouse for six weeks, after which they crossed the Pyrenees into Spain, and finally arrived in Madrid-that quaint, romantic old city, which seems co belong to some other world. Once or twice Arley bad asked, with wishful eyes, when they were going home, and he bad invariably answered that " be did not know." " I have no heart to go home to begin at the foot of the ladder agBin, and have everybody wagging their heads over my affairs," be had once seid moodily. .' Where will you begin P1' Arley quietly asked, " I don't know as I cere to begin at all," was the frowning reply. "But can we live like this always?"she inquired, with a searching glance. " Aren't you comfortable ?" is there anything that you want which you haven't got ?" he demanded, more harshly than she had ever beard him speak be- fore. Arley drew herself up haughtily. " I believe I bave made no complaint, Mr. Paxton." she said, in a freez'ng tone, " 1 was simply wonder- ing where the money was coming from to pt>rmit of our leading this idle, useless kind of lile much longer." " I don't know ss you need to worry about that if I do not," be retorted, and abruptly left the room. His keen-witted wife at once reasoned tbat he was very much worried-that if he bad not been ex ¡"tremely short of funds her simple questions would not have irritated him thus, while at every change ' tbey had made of late, he had taken cheaper lodg- ings, and curtailed their expenses in a number of ways which seriously affected their comfort. She became very much troubled by these things, I for she felt that they would only go on from b id ' to worse, if Philip did not soon form some definite plan of action. She knew that be possessed splendid talents ; that he was capable of going to the front in his profession if be would only " pocket his pride," and put forth a little energy ; and Bhe felt that it was very wrong of him thus to Bettie idly down, and waste these pre- cious months right in the prime of his manhood. I The place where tbey were living in Madrid was very dreary ; the rooms were small, the windows high, and the streets narrow and dirty, while the food which was daily placed upon their toole was ony tbing but palatable. Arley had never yet broken the hundred-pound note, which Miss Mcallister had given her at parting nor did she mean to do so now. She had never even told Philip that ehe had it, and now ehe believed if be knew of it he would insist upon using it, end thus he would sink even lower in inanition ; besides this, if he persisted in his present manner of living, she could, if necessity compelled, use it to return to England and Miss McAllister, who, no doubt, would be willing to give her a home. But this, of course, would be har very last resort. Still, her present position was anything but a comfortable one, for, while Philip could speak tbe language fluently, ehe could not understand it at all and she was terribly lonely and homesick. Two months had passed since they had came to Spain, and being so much alone, she had busied her* self with drawing and painting some in water colors so that she had quite a collection of pictures and sketches, with what she had done in Paris. These she brought out and looked at on this djy after her unpleasant interview with Philip. She was wondering if she could sell some of them or copy some of tbem for sale, end thus batter their condition somewhat. She felt that it would be intolerable to remain in that place much longer. Still, she had voluntarily became Philip Paxton's wife, and she was determined to share bis fortunes, good or bad-to be true to her plighted vows just as long ss it was possible to be. After looking her portfolio through, she decided that she would make an effort-it would do no harm and it might result in much good. Selecting a few little sketches, she arranged her drawing materials and colours, and set diligently about her work For a week she labored uoweariedly ; than gather- ing up the result of her work, she tried them care- fully together, dressed herself with much care, and taking her package with her went out. She was exceedingly nervous over her undertak- ing, for everything was so strange in that-to her half-barbarous city. She threaded her way through the narrow, and in many places dirty, streets, until she came out into the better portion of the city, and at length entering Montera-slreet, one of the finest in Madrid, she she stopped before an art store, where after a moment of hesitation, she entered. Approaching the counter, she inquired, in the sweetest of voices, and purest of French, if that lan- guage was spoken by any one there. A reply in the affirmative was immediately given much to her relief, and then she laid her package down.and asked that its contents might be examined. The gentleman, who proved to be one of the proprietors, acceded to her request, examining draw- ing after drawiBg with a critical eye. There were sketches of every variety-of places, people, and scenes that she had observed during her travels ; there were fancy pieces, fruit, flowers, and figures; comicpcitures,serious, and sentimental, and all executed with freshneBB and spirit that made them charming. " They are very good-mademoiselle ?" the gentle- man said, uttering the lost word with questioning inflection, ond casting an admiring glance into the lovely face before him. "No monsieur-madam if you please," Arley re- plied, drawing herself up slightly. " Thank you for your praise," she added smiling. "And now it you think they are worthy, I would like to dispose of them, and perhops take orders for more." He bent a glance of surprise upon her, running his keen eye over her elegant attire, noticing its texture, its trimmings of rich lace, and the jewels that ehe wore- , " ._ " Ah 1 she is selling them for some one else," h& thought, and turned his attention again to the^r^* collection before him. ,rO His practiced eye told him that ther«^ oonBidet. able merit in them, and that, witt ^ ^ ^ certain points, the artist ^T*%_ or 8ne might be, mightfill with great satisfaction & ämmi inWa Une of business. r Arleyhad happened<»^ btoupon fln honset man. Happened P-stur^ No; 8hQ had baen trying to make the y/ im her troubles, according I to Lady Elaine's expositson of that expression ; she [ had taken eil her sorrows and burdens to One who was able to help her bear tbem, and to assist ber in her extremity, and now the " happening" and " stum- bling" had rather been an ordering. The proprietor told her what he would give for her drawings, naming a larger sum than she had hoped to receive, and requested her to supply bim with more, at an advance in price, if one improved upon the hints which he wished to give her, She consented, only too gladly, while she received) with a wildly beating heart, the money which be counted out to her, though outwardly her manner was as calm and elegant as it had ever been in a fashionable drawing-room in London ; and then, with it clasped tightly in her hands, she went back to her rooms, with a eonee of exultation in her heart such as Ehe had never experienced before, and to thank God for the talents which He had given her, and which she believed, if necessity required, would 1 insure her a future of independence and comfort, j 