NEWS AND NOTES. The Emperorrs of Germany, Austria and Rue sia met at Skiernivice, near Warsaw, yesterday. The meeting is stated to have been of the most cordial character. Their Imperial High- nesses were accompanied by their respective chancellors. A little girl nanijd Sar«b£A.nn Morris, aged eight years, daughter of 'Mr ' Morris, a miner with Tinworth and party, was outraged by a scoundrel in Ballarat'EiatJast night. It seems that the child, in company with two other girls, named respectively Lillie Kenworthy and; Tilly wa£-‘bn eh v errand_; tp :a chemist’s shop for some medicine for her mother, who is ill. The medicine having been procured, the girl Barnett left her companions and went into the City to the Academy, of Music. The children, Sarah -Ann Morris and Lillie Konwbrtßy',- daughter of the proprietor of the White .Horse hotel, Main road.'dhen turned about to go home. When near Mr Rolf a drapery establishment. they met a man, who accosted Sirsh Ann Morris, and offered her sixpence ifishe would go with him. The girl Qoneented, and the ruffian jtbokj her round to the rear of the Eastern Baths and outraged her. The child Kenwor tby proceeded to Mr Morris’ residence and said that Sarah bad ’gone away with a mam The father at ones-went in search of bia daughter. - He met her in. the Main road, and she, iu reply ‘ to questions,'informed him of what bad occurred. - The girl was then, taken, to Dr Jordan, who,. .upon esaminationi said that the capital offence bad not bean committed, bat that the child had been severely outraged. Tbs police ware forth with informed of the occurrence, and late last night. Ssnior-conatable Riordan and Constables Murray, Edwards, and Nicholson were scouring the Town in search of the monster. The per petrator.cf ie ,described as a man dressed in labourer’s attire. - - With reference to the induction and recap, tion of the Vicar of Christ Church and Arch, deacon of Ballarat,“the parishioners and con gregation, the clergy and others, are informed tbat. .the, following arrangements have been made by direction of, the • bishop, and of tha officiating vicar, churchwardens and vestry;— “ The induction of the Rev Cfaurohill ; Julius,' M.A.', Slid hiicbllation to the arch-deaconry, will take place at the Pro Cathedral, this even* ingj’at 7.30 p.m. No seats vreserved " at this servioe alter 7.25; Beat-holders'are'requested.to be in', their places atill earlier; the sermon will be preached by the bishop. A special celebra tion of Holy Communion will take place at 3 a m. to-morrow morning, A conversazione, for welcoming the new vicar and archdeacon, will be held at the Mechanics’ Institute at 7,30 p.m., on Monday, 220d instant, ait which it is expected that leading churchmen of both Victorian .dioceses will speak,/ and a welcome will be tendered to the vicar on behalf of the parish and coogregation. There will be music at intervals by members of the Pro Cathedral choir. A .sale of articles made or collected by the ladies of the Christ Church Parochial As sociation-will he carried on-' during the even ing, to which epeciai attention is directed, the proceeds going to the vicarage fund. Refresh ments will be provided by the ladies, at a small charge; a collection will be m il-- to wards expenses and. the vicarage fund. The attendance of all seat-holders, accustomed attendants, and parishioners of Christ Church is herewith specially 'and cordially invited, both at the service and ■ conversazione; admis sion to the latter will be by tickets, procurable •from tbV.wardensor from the'aeoretary 'at .dhe Bishop's Registry. All clergy of the diocese will be heartily welcome; the attendance of thoseof the arcbdeaoonryis very particularly in invited. All clergy attending the induction are requested to robe "at the vicarage at 7.15 By order, E. VbbET, Secretary Christ Church Vestry, and Assistant Diocesan. Registrar." We publish- elsewhere 'thei'proposed sites for the diamond drills. The places in this district.in which.drills are proposed to be em ployed are as follow :—Between Beaufort'and Lake Burrumbeet to search for the Haddon leads. At some point between Gordons and Ballan, to bore for the Beep lead supposed to exist between Gordons and Egerton. Between Wareck and.Timor, for the probable extension' of Homebiish leads'. Between Mount Gren nock and Evanaford, Mount Qreooosk lead.. Campbell town or Glengower, for the exten sion’ of the leads from Creswick, Smeaton and Clunes. Car local correspondent yesterday wired as follows:—“Captain Edwards and Lieut. T.' Fraser, of the. Salvation Army, were fined at Beechworth police court this morning 40s and £1 Is each coats for inarching in' procession on Sunday week last without permission from the president of the local shire council. The court was crowded. There was great dissatisfaction with-tha decision,---as the prosecuting counsel did not press the charge, and both officers: pleaded -ignorance of the byelaw.—Mr-W.-H.-Poster,-P.M.,-presided at the court. The defendants declared their in tention to go to prison., rather than pay .'the fine. It was thought-by-those in court .that only a :warning would "be administered. The Rev. A. J. Clarke,-the-evangelist of Mel bourne, .was? present in court; when. the," case ’was heard.' ■ Mr Clarke's mission here hat been 8 great ; success,'the : Wesleyan Church being crowded nightly, and the" town,hall during the;Blue-Ribbon .meetings. .Over.-. 100 have signed the pledge And donned the blue.” The robbery ofaaud from the. Lone. Baud Company’s No. 1 shaft, at Kingston, still re mains s mystery, although suspicion rests upon three., men . who were seen on their way from Ballarat.to Creswick on Sunday evening; the names of two, if not three of whom "have been furnished to the police. Cases of measles in families residing ip Dove ton, Webster, and Lydiard streets are reported to the local board of health. Whooping coligb is also prevalent, .The July term examinations in connection with-tbs School of Hines will be'held to morrow, when a number -of- candidates:(or I certificate* of-epmpetepey■ in telegraphy".and as underground managers will be examined.. The unfortuqatejman, James Quinn, who. met with, each serious injuries by. failing into a :fire on- in'the Hospital afci about 7 o’clock last eveoiog frora the effect* o(T ; the accident., c After bia. admission to the Hos pital the sufferer,-who was ip great pahs, gradually became worse, and he-died, sa stated, last evening, iDeessssd; who was 66 yews of" age, leave* a widow and a- partially grown-up : family, . —The. total amount received on the Victorian; railways for the ended Xlth September,! Owat £35.782 Is. again* £38,6540*.4i (or th a* corresponding week last year* ; I A meeting of;tha Butcher*’ Association . wa* held yesterday at the close of. the cattle' sales! Beef in the market made the average that it ha* por'yeliiei. ejfty nilind over AO i assooiafjwu alleys that they raiia the retsil pricw n r per lb * f/MJra family arriVedby the aftW , tiSon traljk from Melbourne ytesterday, an# -ireri met'by the Biabop and several of the 1 of Christ Church. The will arrive this afternoon at B.BBJ anti proceed to Birhoproeurt, where with Mrs JuliasCbe jnß4tay for the pretest; _ Mr Cooking's Australian hotel, Will? street,' ww sold Jjy Mr Tunbridge on Mondby last for^j£l2oo.~ Mr F.H. : Drew, the grocer and wine and spirit merchant, of Yibtdria 7 afree.t;'< was the purchaser. •- "The death'of another old' pioneer has'taben place underdistressing^circumstances. We refer to the late Mr NeiiM'lnnes, of Blaine, who was accidentally killed on, Monday last;by> tieing thrown from’ his d*ay. * The accident;, 'which occurred 1 about'half way between the; railway 'station/dad; ja euppoaed. by the (hare.he was drivihgtaking frigbtuit some, objsot.and'iboltingia The -on fortunate gentleman 3 fell-: open his head, and wbenpickedup waaqaite.noooDeeions, io which state Jbe , s remained until , bi» death, which tooh iplaoe'/about' .lff|;..minut«i,, .'afterwards. Tbe deceaaed: wan aiveryold colonist,-,hiring arrived' in 1841. Bewasfor many gears': en gaged’in pastoral pursuits inf the Western die* tript.- but opdh.hia ; marriage .heaettle’din : Geelong,’ where he : became well-known' aathe hbst ;i of the R»d Lion hotel. It ia 1 now nearly, a quarter of ,a century since hetodkup hia residence at Blaine,, wherehishiudlyaud genial' disposition'made 1 him- aoheloved by old and young ihat the newa of hisnntimely.'end cast a gloom oyer .the whole-community. : .:The deceased was 62 years of age, and : leaves a widow' and growß ; ap family to 'mourn’’their lost. : The remainaiwilr. be interred’, to-day in the Clarendon Cemetery. , ff i :; Tbe Young Men’s Friendly Society met .last evening, at. the Cbriit.Churoh schoolroom, Ur R. A. Armstrong: chair.''The subject ; for .discussion was Christianity and National' 'ism.'' :Th'e Riv. Hi Pinter,entered into an exhanstiyeiaddress. upon ancient end :modern civilization; and' pointed out how 'Christianity exercisedrefining'influence. upon this world,' and its effect in moulding .the' national oharao-. ter of a'people.’ ’ Mr Campbell’and othere also : tookpart in the discussion, 7 Mr Fiuter’s speech wasTeceived with enthusiasm.; L 'i ■. About two months ago a portmanteau,' con taining clothing and jewellery valued at £13,. was stolen from a baker named Samuel Ghost, residing at the Cosmopolitan hotel, Sturt street. A man named’Johnson was suspected of the theft, and’S< day or two ago he wae arrested in the North Eastern district, charged with the larceny in question. The prisoner. *was brought to Ballarat last night, and lodged in" the gaol. He will make" hie appearance before the City magistrates this morning. Afresh start was yesterday made with the erection of the superstructure of the Ballarat : Bast Post and Telegraph offioe. Tha delay in I the work of building wae caused by the sup- , ply of brieks running short, .We ere requested to mention that in con sequence of Ithaimpditaht inaugural meeting'of the T.H.C.A. fixed, for Friday next, the weekly meeting of the Girls'-Friendly. Society to meet the president at Christ Church will be sus pended for this week only. At the usual monthly meeting-of the Brewers' Employiir Accident ' Fund; it wae , unanimously resolved that a letter of ..condo lence should be sent to\the family of .the late ; Mr David Woedhead , as a ' mark of the \- esteem in which he had> : been" held by' the members. . Ballarat ‘ Eaet'is * apparently still free of crime. There wae another blank- charge-sheet at the' TownPoliceCourtfyeaterdaymorn’ ing. "" ' ■" ‘ '/ ; Ur. Abel Lewis,"the-wall-known outfitter of Sturt street, is sgain, indisposed, seriously, it is said. - Be , i« under treatment. at the Sohinoor private hospital. \- On Saturday .evening next the Ballarat Hunt Club will wind up ..the season of 1884 with a banquet at CraigVhotel. Mr Martin Lpugblip, J.P-, is to give the banqpet. r A large number of invitations have 'already been iaaued. - A very successful-land sale was conducted in Ballarat yeaterday by Mr J, J. Blundell, land'officer, particulars of which' appears in another column. There was a spirited Com petition for three lots—upset price £2O each— in Howitfc street, on-the Ararat railway,line, ending in Mr William Dawson', ironmonger, being the purchaser at £31,.£33, and £43 respectively. The name of Br W. A. Gilbert, P.M., P.D.Q., 5.8., was inadvertently omitted from the list of brethren, present at the quarterly communication 61 the District Grand Lodge of-Victoria - under the English Constitution, held on Uondayi laet. . Our correspondent writes;—“Throughout the Clark’e Hill and Wattle Flat districts the crops are coming on splendidly. The early crops are very’ healthy, and well forward, but ■ome of the later ones have been nipped a little with the frost.—On the Qlenpark road about 3000 cords of firewood have been stacked, and as soon as the roads have dried np a bit it will be osrted to Ballarat,—lt is the Intention of-a few.energetic local residents to gat .up.an entertainment to be held in the Clarke’s Hill schoolroom, in aid. of; the Ballarat; churches There is some budding musical talent among the natives in these parts, and it could not be utilised in ..a more laudable manner,—Great satisfaction is-expressed among the residents in these localities' at-the result of the'elec tion for -the Wellington Province. Many of the farmers worked very'bard in the - interest of Mr Cuthbert. Bes’dea energetically can vassing, they placed their .vehicles at. his dis posal, and did journeys of eight or nine miles with a good many of the voters. Had the day been finer, and jthe election not regarded as a foregone conclusion, the majority for Ur Cuthbert would have been greater so far aa these .districts are concerned.?' Our Smythesdals correspondent writes:— “It was. stated. in' the .township to-day that Ur . Phillips bad bsen offered £l5OO-for hia rich quarts claim. The reports from the mine continue to be of a most promising char acter.’’- - . There was a blank 'charge-sheet at the Smythesdale Police Court oh Tuesday, AH those-who are interested in the welfare of the Ballarat Musical Union will, no doubt, be glad to hear of its continued success. Ac the,.rehearsal on Monday evening, last there were 110 voices present.. Good: progress is being mads with the choruses' of “ Haydn's Creation," which will be rendered by the society in the Alfred Hall on Christmas, night, with full orchestral accompaniment. Intend ing subscribera are respectfully requested to hand their names to the secretary or any mem ber of the -society. ■ ■ 1 ■_ ' A little girl. named 'Maggie Trios, whose parents reside at Bnnioyong, sustained a nasty fracture of the leg through hex foot'.'catching while she was climbing a fence; and throwing her to the ground. The limb waa set by Dr Hardy, but yesterday the little sufferer was brought into Ballarat and admitted to the Hospital. ' ; , At the City Polios Cburt yesterday ' morn ing two persons charged with .drunkenness were fined . in the ,'usnal amount. John Pratt and Frederick Wagg .were.each : fined. 10s, with 2a 6d- costs' for leaving : their' cabs' un attended. Tkb dhposil of a number of-debt oases concluded the busineas,- Mayor Morrison and Ur' Tree, J’s.K. presided. The whole of tbe- business places in Creswiok were partiidly' closed yesterday af tor noon, and the flag at the Bowling Green waa hoisted half, mast aa.a tribute of respect to the memory . of the late Mr Thomas Rowell. A large number of friends of the deceased followed the remaios to the cemetery, - where the Rav. J. Glover performed the solemn services at the grave. Dr Barry, the primate of AkUß'tralaßia,strenu. ously urged the formation ot a Christian Evi dence Society, to combat with, the growth of infidelity as the great enemy to th* Christian faith.- ■: ... ’ • The sudday; train fromrUelboarae on Mon* day brought to Geelsag (says the Jthertuer) six racehorses belonging to Mir J, D. Robert* •on, who ,recently purchased thh,'Kingston tramiag stables,, near.Queeosoliff and formerly owned'by -Messrs W. Branch and Jas. Wil son. v > : " Applications {{wys the Colat Meformer) for sawmill sites at; Apollo' Bay continue to roll in, the BaUarat company/ having evidently drawn general attention; to tfiia place. -Within! -kha past week we leasn that two appUoationat -for ' timber' aelebtisM - have been'' formalin made. ' f :: Quite a small- contingent of oar peuntn (writes the Birregavra . correspondent ok Se rStfermer) proceeded to Colac .on .the .ocsmfioh of Mr Kolmn’i reeitidi, .tha neivapapee cam meats upon the having exoitedj their- curiosity. ■ Since:.thei» veturn I have ; hsard scarcely ' aaytbin^:«li S hut of the excellent manner | n which . the programme presented by. .him was gone ; through; ’ and Several '& of our I {••uing’.townspeople hayq- anggeatod that ha v invited to ; appaag before, i Birregnm Qa Tbawd^at tarlTwhinfelir.a vWfe- genrt«w|| offering togiwnt«ci cw»ain Mount towards the liquidstfimH the{iwmtx|gxpeDSsi ».• ii more tbeflgkely projMH wl|l definitcahspirfcfore wry loagjctto prornbter* j being tK#fpktter. The employment ofdhdliet in» the Warrnsm bcol district big 'prov'ed'a* fallow; 'Three of therm’ (says the Age correspondent) were j charged at the police court last week, before Measta Dkris Md -Oplbyv JVP., bji their em ployer; Mt'J.fciflfeMiQifold,'; ofrQrasaere, withfj Jd&'erlftig ‘theit hirad-ierVice. Mootbar Wan.' mayppanrvg#d-Hindo(V-had.-beeut»»ice-pre-. vlously charged with offence, but bad, pn_ both to _go_baek._ Is was understood on the last occasion r that he was to be "released frond hia engageineot a* soon as hisemployar got another.’man^fß hie plsod; butdJtisMr . Manifold.had.failsd to do^ ' jean Baptist*, ■ a nalivebfMauntius.andtan ether Hindoo;' .Masespragasaqv were similarly/charged;': The'- men ‘-all ‘refused ..to return to their-service, alleging,thatthe work was then* for three'days. Itfp /reoohaider; their' determine* tion/and ordered* them, ifat theexpiration of 1 th»y tiflne .thßy -atiHirefaaed to gor'back. to be imprisoned for one month. Tbe ooollies said they wonld ra'ther go to gaol than return to Mr Mtnifold'a employ, - On Monday they were brought up again; and on still declining to retnrn>to their service, they iwere; imprisoned for one-month. The* men are engaged-'for terma varying from three years and a halt to fire, years, at "from ' 25i to 30s ptr month. These agreements will now be cancelled. . Tfaa faots of colonial life are fail of romance. Hundreds'of 'he.'fwrifea'the*^Melbourne oor T reappodenhof the her. the iday when .the 40th regiment and yeomaDry lined -rthe streele from‘St. :: Paul's Church' to the qqmetery, and all 'Melbourne turned out.m’mqjie tp witnesa the long pro cession which' accompanied '-the . corpse ' of LieuteDaht-Splonel Neil .td; its last' resting pi ace. Formany. y earii that remained aa the standard', by - which .i we; judged the leogtb of mortuary procession* of all public' men.' ■ The colonel,’!! I recollect' rightly. was killed by a, fall from hie horse, which shied in consequence of a little dog..rushing suddenly and barking at its heels,-and*.a crusade against curs origi nated from tbs circumstance, which since fonnd~ statutory- recognition “in - varioua Dog ' Bilie, • The colonel left a widow who for some years resided on her station property, but* being of an active temperament, and desirous of making for hereeif a now position, she studied ailk culture, and in a aerisa of articles in the Auitralanan< »nd letters in the and- other journals,. recommended the in dustry .'.to the attention of Australian ladies. For years the name of, Mre' Bladen Neil and the work at horeilkfarmwastovrn talk, and ahe became as well known-tor her persistent efforts, in- establishing; .the industry :as. Dr Singleton is as a philanthropist.. But reverses came,',and she who onoe assooiated freely with the wealthiest ladies as an equal, -and! by her teachings'‘endeavoured to - infuse them -with the entbhsiaami.' she felt for the work of sen-’ culture, died obscurely, and in poverty in an outhouse of 'a building, in Lonsdale street,, under circumstances which must havebaen peculiarly galling to a woman who had once held rank in the van of-' oolonial society, - ! Amusing incidents are always plentiful'at election times, and this one was no exception. On both.sides (writes the Melbourne corres pondent oft he and raratt Advertieer) hardwork was done, and if .now and then, a Beaney fol lower or a Munroite became excited, it was only what might be expected and. some lati« tude allowed. - We bad a hearty laugh at tbe antics of an old'enthusiastic Hibernian sup porter ■ of the doctor;: By some mistake he bad got into a Muuro committee room, . and behaved himself so noisily that after-repeated warnings some of- those present j tried to turn him out. But he was-a tough customer, and it took, some time to; get him to the footpath; When ho did touch the flags.be dragged.jbff'his • coat,, dashed bis bat on.the ground, .and yelledj “Come out of that one by one, ye cowards,' and see. whether: ye can put me out.” The roar of merriment' that followed this bull .was quite enough to restore' good temper, The £12,000- bequeathed by tbe lata Mr Woinaraki to the Melbourne. University to found - six scholarships has been' reduced to £8400; it having been -ascertained' that the estate was not sufficient; so pay all the educa tional and charitable bequests. , ■ Beach, the,holder of the sculling champion ship, has accepted the challenge issued" by Hanlanto rowwithin seven-months- for £5OO a side and the championship of the world. A young; man, stated, to baa eon of aa English nobleman, a; passenger. by the Fort George, has been missing. from Newcastle since Saturday week. Before landing hoi left,£6oo with the; captain,. and be took £lOO with him, At the monthly meeting of the Sandhurst Mining Board, on Mionday, a communication was received from, the Maryborough Mining Board, asking for co- operation in influencing Parliament tp Increase, the vote for prospecting to £100,000;. also .enclosing a suggestion rela tive to the Mining, on Private Property Bill, to the effect that in all cases where individual miners or co- operative parties agree with tbe owner of any auriferous lauds, to mine-on or under such land (the extent of claim not to exceed one acre}., agreement entered into be tween the-parties shall' be binding simply by registering the same with a mining registrar, such registration to ha endorsed on the miner’s right or rights, and a copy of the agreement lodged with the mining registrar. The.com munication- was simply received, and nothing was done. \- Warrants,have been issued for the arrest of three Sandhurst' larrikins, who on Satur day committed a Vrs'evete') assault on Mr Edward Hayes, of -Qoornbbg. They/ ware drinking in Hayes’. bar, and commenced fighting,- He tried to put them out, but they set upon him, and one of them laid .the side of his face open with a “ knuckle duster.” It is- feared they have, escaped to New South Wales.-/ ' A. man- named Spiers was killed! at , 'Moo* roopna North on Saturday last by a tree.fall iog while being burnt off. The deceased leaves a wife and numerous family,- ■ ■ - A cablegram in yesterday's. Agg e says that Sir Stafford, Northcote is now in Scotland giving a series of addresses bn political ques tions in Mr Qladatone’s constituency. Another states that a fund is now being- raised towards tbe defence of the survivors of the Mignonette, who are charged with killing and eating a boy named Parker, who, accompanied them in the boat when the yacht was-abandoned. At the last meeting of the - Victorian Ope rativen Bootmakers'.-.Union. it was carried unanimously;—“ That on and after the 20th proximo all work shall be done inside the fac tory, and that eight hours shall be tbe limit of a day's labour. That there-shall be only one apprentice to every five man, and that all lads .working in the. factory . must be apprenticed ■ to the employer for not lose than four years. ’ That no man shall teach, more than one boy. at a’time. That weekly.or-day wages shall be. permitted upon condition,that 10s shall be-the minimum'rate of a day’s-work of eight hoars,. ■That all'piece work _shall be paid not' lower than the prices agreed upon at the conference between tbe manufacturers and tbe association and the union.” A terrible scene occurred in 'South Brisbane on Monday. A coloured man, named; Hall, with fail wife, lately, boarded ‘ln a recently, erected house, and; were apparently, not oa, good - terms.' Sigh- words were frequently ■ heard between them,.* and early this the woman rushed; acreamiog from, the. house, streaming.with-,blo'ad from a.bullet;wound be-, tween tbe right; cheek-‘bone andtthe temple- On an entrance, being .forced into.the house, Hall wag found; covered • with blood. and; with his throat cut anch .bullet .wounds in the- fore head end ear,.. Both HaU-.and. his wife- ware conveyed. to.the-hoapital, where, they. lie.in a dangerous.elites The - causa- of, the. arimais enppoiedi to. b» jealousy., A nhmher-ot farmers, resident on. the plues near Dimboota have planted! several acres of their holdings with 'wattle. It eucceaslul, they ifetend planting their, full aelectiona with the- tree, which, it is! thought, can be made highly remunerative m, the district to- aitioul- ' ■ -- “ An exchange eajs that about miners were djeohsiged from the Dnk» mine, Timor, on ■ Bhursday night last, owingto the falling off in j the proepecta of tbe mine, , 1 \- It ia stated that a townakip block in Nhill [ changed band on Monday at .£l4 per foot, the highest pride, paid for land between Horsham and the border. . . " ■ s The Sydney TtkgrupA report* that the foU lowing. andonneemencwas made by 7 ' the. Biibop of fin -his eermbnat St. -Mary a Catbedral oh .Monday evening;-*.” tn Urn than two yeare, by command of the Pone a;-.plenary council' is ..to 'be hsld in Au»trslia.‘ moss probsbiyjhere in Sydney, slmongst aelyH,-at ’which all the bishops of Analr.U.i. fam aw •*•*■■l and Tasmania we toaieiak i.j . ttuS|nee of th(. direction «»*• •» that be not only com* , Arc * ,W,^ >p «>' Sydney* b n “£ **JM?! Shteg * te ol onr Ho 'y Father tht m.ayjears,you , re , w » no protinol.l or plenary- conndi W Been held In tbit country, and one of thT ■peeial object* bit Grace' baa in T i«w l® command of fhw Holy Father, is the holitn® ofnpienary oonncil. for which*the biebooi wif? Be summoned a* boon ai poeeible.” ■ 0 'Soeiety-bt Sandhuret have cided ftroffer £2 for a live fenrahrornithtuT bynobne, and '£l- for a dead oner - ;• r A man named Benjamin Hepworth, alias George Austin, has been charged before the Sandhurst bench with bigamy, and remanded to Woodend. According to the Independent, he was married to his first wife in 1872, but after three years deserted her, leaving two children on her hands. -An : riKx^qge..teleaTam. f frotn Daylesforfi etatea (says’-tSa rfferaid) thatEliga Sat ton’, barn war totally- destroyed ; H(y fire-yesterday It containedstorage and maeffinery valued at £5OO. It waa inaured in the Commercial Union for £250? The cause of the fire ia not known.: The officers'of thVVictorian ffAet in Geelong waters are, we (itfcertiier) understand, to ha entertained by- the’Geelong Club-oh Thursday and on Friday nert a’ subscription, ball h to be given in their V,', A; married woman named Harris baa been aeverely burned in a fire at Esglefaawk. She is not cipaoted to recover. . . Eighty additional .men are to- be • engaged for the Victorian Militia. - . Mite Ellen Ann Tucker,.reaiding at Dunolly who had been Buffering for some time, died vary suddenly on Friday evening,' The cit enmetiTnce (says' the Stprttt) wVs-the more - melancholy from the fact that her father was confined to hie bed and'not able to see his daughter. ; • ■ Mr Robert ~C. Andereoa.seoretary of the Indemnity Ihanrance Company, has been ap« pointed to the post of official assignee,- resigned by Mr Halfey. ' The Telegraph states that the Rev; F. Bail, haohe, who lately resigned the pastorate of the Albert street'Baptist: Church, bss entered the ranka of the Anglican ministry, and is to act -temporarily ae foeuht Knena-for/tha Rev, JH. B. Macartney, at Caulfield. . The-Mining Department haa ordered seven sate ofsulphate of iron apparatus, for the ez< tihction'of noxioaa fumaa arising from the nss of .dynamite, and, when finished/.will! be de spatched to -the leading-mining districts. • According .totheFrecPms the Bishop of Ballarat intends paying a visit to Nhill and the surrounding district about the middle of October. ■ "* - A Dimbpola telegram reports that msil com munication! basi been established-- with Cow Plains, about 101). miles, in- the interior of the mallee country, ‘ The Minister of Agriculture intends to wit ness a trial of the. Mellor Bros.’stump jump ing plongb;-''to,'.'take place at Aget’s farm, Werribec, on Thursday next. A telegram from Nbiil reports (says the Forikam Time*)- that early. on-- Saturday, Mr Ward, builder, feeling indisposed, got up and lighted a candle. Unfortunately,. he placed it too near the wall, and retiring, to bis bed, fell asleep. . Thej candle ignited the canvas and paper on the wall, and when. be awoke, the house, which bad oaljr been recently erected, was in flames. He managed to escape with his wife and four little children in-their night, olothee. The only article be was able to save was a sewing machine,- v . Tbe'HanMVfon esys- that the intro duction of so many, rifles Into country districts ia not altogether beneficial,. as was illustrated the other .day-at Harrow, when a member of the club there shot at a target and killed a calf. A atiU more serious accident occurred at Earabeal . plains on Thursday, when a poor widow named -Jl'lntyra found her horse with a broken leg, necessitating ita destruction. The M.A. Mail says:—“ Since the Salvation Army left the Theatre many rumours have gone abroad of their purchasing various sites on which they were to erect a barracks. After much inspection and negotiations a purchase was at length concluded on Monday for the building and land in Templeton street, the property of Mr Caleb Anderson, for £625. It is stated that the intention is to use the build- ing as it now stands for officers’ quarters, and to throw a roof over the eastern wall of the building, and the western wall of the store of Messrs Trevascus and Co. This will enclose a large space, capable of accommodating in the proposed building 15oo persons. There is to be a dome on the roof, and tenders are to be called for the alterations next week. The question ,of the nomination of the Coadjutor Bishop .of Sandhurst is jnst now agitating'.'the Catholic community. In all probability' (jays the : the selection will be made- sis :eoon aa the Bishops, now in Sydney, return from there, There is a strong feeling generally that the- best man for tba position would - be.-Archdeacon Slattery, of Geelong,. In-some-quarters, however, support is given to the nephew, of Bishop Crane, Dr Reville, V.G. . A great senaatioa-was Caused in April, 1873, by the daring rescue of six-- Fenian prisoners from Fremantle, Western Australia. Tbs rescue was evidently effected by a carefully prepared, and precoocertedi plan. The man, who were- working, outside the gaol on the morning of. Easter ‘Monday, tba 17tb April, sscaped.-from the-custody, of the warders, and were taken offt by a boat to an American whaler, tha.Oatalpa, commanded by Captain Anthony.. A'vessel wae despatched after tba -whaler from Fremantle wiih a body of armed police, but as they were instructed only to de mand (be convicts, and. not to take them by force, they, failed,to recover them; the whaler departed, and-the prisoners were never recap tured. . Several persons- were concerned ia tbs affair, aod we now learn by cable (says tbs Aryiujthat tha leader of the rescuing party, Denis Duggan, .hae-died-. in Dublin, Hawse, buried on Sunday, his- remains being followed to the gravaby several thousand persons. The.Geelong Eveniiiff Star learns from Ur Steadman, the captain of the Geelong football; team, that -.the.- receipts a£ the gates of tbs , Corio Cricket . Ground on Saturday exceeded £1034 Thia ia the-largest sum ever taken by the club, the nearest approach to it being £8(7,- taken. some-years-ago-' when Carlton met Gee long, ' ' ' ■ As the Masonic- ball committee are anxious to., effect a settlement of all matters in con* neetion with, the late ball ns soon as possible, it ia requested-; that accounts may be ren dered to Mr Wainwrigbt not later than Friday next. • To-day,,at> 12; a-’clock, Messrs B. Tonbridge and Cos., auctioneers,, will submit to public auction one- ofr the finest collection.of artistic ornaments, Bohemian glass, terra .cotta, sod majpliea ware-ever offered to tha public of Bal larat. They, should meet with a .ready sale, The sale walbdake place at their auction roosi’i Lydiard-etrast. The- Australian Katives hold aqocislon Moa day next, and, aa thia is the last, of the seascOi it is.expectid to be very successful. Members, axs reqpesbed to make'early, application Mt their, tickets. H The Ballarat District Licsaped Yictuallets batl. and supper will be held at the Alfred Bal - on,Thursday, the 28rd October. Psrticolsts concerning prices will be found in advertise-, ment elsewhere. , A public meeting of lalapayera will be he_ in the. Shire Hall, Linton, to-morrow, at to select a site for the quarterly 1 wibhia the west ridingsof-Qrenvilleshite. _ An ndverkisement. in another column m mates to those inbsreaed that the finsi, heatsal for the sacred.cantata of “ Bather _ be held in tha Mechamcs' Institute At half-past 7 o’clock. _ , . rt ’. ... Accounts against Hon. Henry Snlhb eentral eommitbeeu will be paid to-nlght» a Club hotel, between 730 andOa.ra. The annual meeting of membexs-ot^ *** , larat Yacht Club will be held on 20th instact). ah 7-30 p.m., at, the «. hotel, Stuit aturt. , „ . Messrs Si Cohen and Son’s eatabMsb*”' will be oloaed on Saturday, 20th, and.MKw 28 th instant, on account of Holy day- L (XL.,; N»;s. meet thia evening, lowa’ Bell, Albert' street, at 8; o'clock- , M* Rj Baasay, 88 and 3& BrJ notifies .elsewhere to dairymen an that he imports direct from the healEoglkah and American dairy veqo, A meeting of the 'Star Crioket.C Be held at the Royal Don oeffl' at 7, when all members and intend g bera are requested to attend. gij-* A public meeting will be held m Hall, Linton, to-morrow, at .8 .««• nate two geottameo for apfointmen teea of the Linton Cemetery. w ' Ballarat L'.yal Britiah Lodge. * . P.AF.3. of A. qnaiterly meeting .at T-Wv-m. 