SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. There was a good deal of stir in betting circles yesterday. Sardonyx was in fair request for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handi- cap, and he was backed to win a few hundreds at 4 to 1. In the evening a com- mission to back Archie for the same event was executed at the Victoria-rooms. The price was 6 to 1, a fair amount of business being done at that rate, closing at 5 to 1 offered. There were also inquiries for Empress, w ho w aa backed at fi to 1 Soldier Ho) was in fair request at 100 to 15 and Stockdale received a little support at 100 to 11 lhere was a good deal of winering on the double event ot the Hawkesbury Hundí cap and Sydney Cup Hie following are the prices at which business w as done -100 to 2l ngst Surdon) x nnd Commotion, 100 to 2 ni,st J nipress and 1 mpriss 100 to 2 ngst Archie and ( ommotion, 100 to 2 ngst Empress and Commotion 1 or the A I C St Leger jilurtini llcnrj is a ver) linn favourite, and to 4 has been tuleen about him 1 LS.l RN\v ICk PARK RACI S An excellent programme has been put lor ward bj the \ ictorinn trotting Club for nn afternoons spoit on the 1 Istemwick park course to da) lhe five events on the card have filled well, and, with line weather, a plcasm ter outing than a trip to this pretty little course could not be found lhe follow ing is the programme - IIUItDIl RACK Of TO sov s One milo and a half st lb Vii S Multiuser in Avnlancho nfccd 11 8 Mi (1 (llasbcocks 1 r c. Don Alonzo, öjra 10 S Mr G C lasHCOuk s b g /an^ i nj,cd 10 S lion vA J carson s bg Merri Ovre .. _ 10 ß Mr 1 Calverts fcr g Ned Kelly, r }rs . .. 10 2 Mr I Week s(,r . first Ir), aged D 6 Mr T li Waters be Outlaw Djrs .. " 1) D Mr VV 1 anelci s b1 h Hunter li jr» . ..0 2 Cn. tain Halncsa b g-nnco f )rs .. ..0 0 vt VI DI \ 1ROT, Of TO sois (In harness oui)) for colonial bred horses Hint haie novorwon au a liutiscdprizo Olio nillo heats best two in tfireo sweep of 2 bovs to go to becoiid Mr t Hobin s bgSpari ow hawk fvrs Mr 1 J Upjohn s eli i, botennder, aged Mr M f Albnuch s b1 g Hlack 1 rince Ojre Mr It Producid s bin hil»! oecd Mr 1 I (measters b1 g Black Ir.ckcr, %ed Mr 1 O Dixons bin Maid of Mona, 0 j rs Mr Vlllsouisllintvclllc a|,ed Mr P U Rod I) s b1 m I libra nc,cd I IWOOU 1IVXDIOA1, Of 00 tovs Hu co quarters of a nillo st 1b Mr I Week s cb e Country man, 4jrs .. 0 12 Mr A Sa pil s h o Mistake 4 vra . ..0 8 Mr W L ingle) a b h btatloncr 6 ) rs . 8 6 Mr b Milicia bin Cassiopeia U) is . ..8 0 lion f I Smith s b h 1 ibonrtor f ) re ..7 8 Mr I loulsliains be. bing s Hoad, 4 yrs ..7 8 Mr J A Loin, B br f Agatïia -j is ..7 6 Mr S Mihoiiscblibcaboipent 0)ra ..7 4 Mr M Simmons, bf Polly 3)H . .70 VIr V, Lal gie) s b m Viary, f )ra . .0 1!) Mr s Mahon s br t Micke) 1 reo, f )ra . 0 12 Mr 1 llcnl) s b m 1 rlobtess 5 ) rs . OU Mr r Coffey s br e W otonga dyr« . 0 12 Mr 1 VAliittinehauis hi f Honora, 8)rs 0 8 Mi M ïicllsbro Vloiart 2vrs B 8 Captain HaïmesBbrf f olióla 2 lis . ..0 0 bl f UNO KAU Of CO sov s Vt eight for agc with usual selling allow nuces W iniiti to be bold for 00 sols Mr tf Connolly s b m Lnlla llookb I) re £20 Mi I llamar 1 s br li Koli 1 uoor 6 ) rs, ntl Mr b Milkia bro Ahearn Syrs nil Mr I 1) Hol ertson s b m Quietude 4 j rs £20 Mr I VUok8sboLoporcl!o 2yrs itIO Mr 1 11 VV ntei s b j, Outlaw 6) re ¿.40 Mr I vans seb f Itcfi lin 3) re nil Mr J a Held s cb g Tho Ghost 0 yrs £"0 1 IsrUlNWlCK 1 Alth. HANUIOA1, Of 7& sois Second to recciva 15 sovs outofstako One mile and .Ojnrds st 1b Mr S Mahon a bri lesbia 4 via « 8 0 Mr T -ouuss uh loliio aecd ..SU Mr VV ljingle) s bril Stationer, C yrs 8 0 Mr U Haines b o Caractacus 4)rs 8 0 MrS Miller n b m Coorccnn G) re ..7 10 Mr II Ici Ins h mUollo Brandon, 0) ra . 7 (I Mr L llaman! s br li Koli 1 nor, r ) rs 7 4 Mr J A Lang s br f Agatha H)rs 7 8 Mr T Golfe) s bro VI otonga J) ra .70 Mi f O Hold s b f Impulso 4) ra 7 0 Mr T Whlttlnehamab g Xiitlad, aged . 0 18 Mr 1! Connolly ns b m Raillery, 5 )rs 0 IS VIr b tnrdiiici sbf LjonsLacij Jjrs Oil Mr J Cleeland s cb o Cupola 3 j ra 0 7 Mr J Cripps a br o King Sol, 3 yra 0 7 COLERAINE RACE MEETING [BY TELEGRAPH ] (FltOH OUI! OWN COIlll-SIOVDFN- ) COLERAINE, l'MDAy. 'Hie Coleraine annual race meeting opened to day '1 ho weather w as cloudy but fine, and the attendance of v îsitors quite up to thnt of former yours The racing waa aplon did good fiel is starting for cadi of the events all of which were keenly contested Hie following ure the íesults - TllIAb S.AKKS, Of 15 sovs Ono milo and a quarter, With a sweep stakes of fis Mr T \ oungs b g Tqult), aged, 8st 181b (Hámago) 1 Mi a l')orabf JNcll) HI), 1 yrs, 8st 41b (Davis) 2 Ml 0 Hilton a bl a Detainer, 6) re, Sat 131b (Wilson) 3 rimo, 2m _0Js 10 others started Kqulty won after a hard contest COIUlAlNt 01 EN IlANDlCvr, Of 10so\\_s One milo and aquuitor Svveopstakca of Mr D M Tolituon. b g Tlio Andes, 0)ra, 8st lill) f-ereiison) 1 Mr 1C Chirnside s b f Chlorls, 3 j re, 7st 51b (bilby) 2 Mi D MM ellan Bb li Colllcb Froleh, 4) re, 7-t 41b (Hamate) S Time, -in 14}s Three othei. started Tho Andes proved a comparativolj easj winner liANDioAi nimm F liAoi, Of 30 sovs Two miles and a half Snoops tal es of 1 soi Mr T 1) rurloneoschliThoAiTont 6) re Ost 71b (Scoble) 1 Mr J M Plico s b m Shtolnh, Qfcod, lost 01b (rer guson) 2 Mr G Watsons br g Gunrdflsh Sill Ost 01b (Heaton) 3 lime flin Is Six otbors started lids was a traill ace over) liorso uolug round and taking the hurdlos lu good st) lo with no baulk» or mishaps of an) kind Akent and Shcolnli had a t,raud struggle in the straight the former vv Inning b) about a length HLfllXO It VC!, Of V sovs About a nillo Mr T Hintons li a M) Lord 0 )is 8st Ulb (W ilbon) 1 Mi J D ruiloneos Defamation 4) re 8st lilli (Miller) 2 Mr J M Intoalis Muggie Mooic, Sat (Hamagc) J live others started HACK HACF, Of 7 sov s About one mile Sst up Mr J ltoboitsons Poor Mo 1 Mr W DevcragosMjrtlD I Mr T Hobcrtson s Hanjo J Ten horses started An excellent raco ensued 'lhere are six events on the programme for to morrow, comprising a 1 lying Handicap of .lOaovs and a Steeplechase of 00 sovs ihe vv euther is overcast nA\VKi:SBURY RACING CLUB [BY SPEGIAL WIRE 1 (FItOH OUll OWN COIlHKSlONDhNT ) SYDNEY, llllDU. 'flic following weights have been de clured - Tilt SHOUTS HAM1IOA1 st lb st lb Soldior Boy 1) 7 Storm 7 0 Polo btnr 0 8 Jalonara 0 12 Old (fold 1 0 Matulo Mooro Vlalctla 0 12 llvpatla 0 0 0 12 Klngsdalo S 12 Waxworks 0 10 Vlaroney 8 12 Sportsman 0 10 Morceau 8 10 IlbcrttS (1 0 Hespllo 8 10 llusy Boo 0 0 Here s 1 nek 8 7 1 oiunoah 0 0 Coolaball 8 2 Tin W Itch 0 8 Houlong 7 7 lack of Clubs 0 7 -militia 7 Ii Golconda 0 4 lrivat ci 7 r 1 xohan^o a 4 l,ord I xetcr 7 1 Aiinoe 0 0 llatnplan 7 1 San Jose 0 0 Gladiator 7 0 tinderbox 0 0 IHE sionisMA N'a HANDICAP st lb st lb Soldier Hoy I) 7 ltav cn 7 II Old Oold 0 0 I'rlv atoor 7 0 1 inprcss 8 11 Gladiator 0 0 Glenton 8 0 Ma c> Moore, Into Mai ono) 8 8 Melita 0 0 Heros luck 8 r, Sportsman 0 7 Lochlnval 8 .1 Minorca (I 4 bnavelicr 7 7 Jack of Clubs 0 4 f rima Donna 7 7 Golconda 0 2 btelln 7 r Macaroni 0 2 Youm, Australian 7 r Almeo 0 0 hccdle 7 8 Tinderbox 0 0 AUSURALIAN IOCKEY CLUB [BY S1T-CLÄL WIRE ] (UtOM OUll OWN COttltFS.ONMNT) SYDNEY, 1 mp xv lhe following weights have been de clared - Hinton IlAOh. st lb st lb V anguard 12 J /unió latirla 0 0 The Joker 11 12 Idalia l) 7 VVarlafclc 11 10 bbaiuiock 0 7 Ontario 11 7 be(Ucnco 1) ti Yatch 11 0 Cuncl 0 li I ast Irv 10 1) Councillor 0 J Sundowner 10 7 I abourer , 0 J liiindicar) 10 7 A!| lia 1) 0 1 rldo 10 6 V ietor 0 0 Chesterton 10 2 Lurry I) 0 Chilli 10 2 Aristocrat 0 0 t lamborotl.il 10 0 SllI'lIFCIIASE, st II) Bt lb Vanguard 11 12 Ildnlgbt (Into Na I nellie li li) J oleon) 0 8 The Joker 11 7 Camel 0 0 Harper -hoinpso 1 11 1 Idalia 1) ti Liu j sails 11 0 Sequence II _ Moonlight 10 11 Draper 9 4 Shamrock 10 0 I aboicr 0 2 Katunga 10 7 Anulo Latirlo 0 2 Sundowner 10 2 Alpha II 0 St impede 0 12 Councillor 1) 0 Uhlan II 10 Aristocrat V 0 Young Snowdon 0 10 Hook 0 0 Jutgler 0 8 WARRNAMBOOL RACING CLUB. The following are the weights . HANDICAP HURD» IIAOU st 11) st lb Bankor ,. 11 0 Alter Dark D li Sundowner . 11 0 Lady Ashton a io Ada . 10 10 Ilroak of Day 0 I) Tho Amoer . 10 4 VI altor D 0 Blue Potoi . 10 4 Bendigo ,. o a Toll Talo .. . 10 4 Simuler 0 8 Sir Patrlok 10 3 * Irst Loi o li 7 togltlvo ., . 10 0 Heatherbell n r> lllmcs 10 0 Master Pinolop » r, Argil» Girl . 0 12 Transvaal . U 4 Wando fl 12 Strugglt r 9 4 Jasper 9 11 Victor - l) 0 HANDICAP 8TFHIE0IIASE. st lb st lb Blackthorn " 12 11 Miss Merctir) 10 0 Sunelow ucr 11 (1 Strangir D 12 Jack Scandal 11 i Dall) ellong 0 12 All Sorcno io n Govornor . 0 10 Union 10 7 Gilderoy .. U 10 I lllputhn io r> Darkie 0 10 Tim liaron 10 4 Doris " 0 7 Lud) Ashton . 10 0 Halinor _ 9 7 IUNDIOAr HAT HACE. st lb ." st lb Star .. »1.! VVootlblno . 7 8 Doncaster . 0 7 Telltale ,. 7 6 Skipper 8 0 Denmark .. 7 D Maid of the mist . 8 0 Slander , 7 fi Irroleo . S J Tho Baron i 7 li The Amcor . 8 0 Jaspor *. I 7 6 Tlio Aco . 7 12 Trent 7 4 Shepherdess . 7 12 Seaweed , ^, 7 1 Morning Star Harley Breo . . 7 12 Transvaal . 7 0 . 7 11 l.lttlo John 7 0 lluby . 7 10 Insolv cut « 10 Sir Patrick 7 8 Jim Scanda] (1 10 E. T. BAH NAiiD, Handicapped BEECHWORTH R\CE MEETING [BY TELEGRAPH ] (rltOSf ODlt OWN COUHKSPONDENT ) Bil OIIWORin, FRIDAY. The nominations for the undei mentioned events at the Poster Monday meeting of the Beechworth Amateur Rating Club closed to night - 1 VS1I11 HANDICAP Lockhart Klsher I ncoro Hrst Watci Songster Klllarnoy Bluo Peter Nu cr Mind Her liotinlo Boo Pioneer (lato Bat bello l'rlniioac Stogtlollager) lowv rrAn> klslicr 1 Irst V\ ator Pncoro Klllarnoy llluu l'ctor Never Mind Hor Bonillo Boo 1 loiieor Barbollo Primrose V ellison Barbara. COURSING BALLARAT CLUB MEETING. April 3 AND 4 President, Sir Samuel Wilson , vice presi- dents, Messrs B Hepburn and D Morton , treasurer, Mr Robert Lewis .secretary, Mr S Cadden, flag steward, Mr T Fraser , slip steward, Mr Swifte judge, Mi T. C Crichton, slipper, H Pobjoy, jun THE OPEN TRIAL STAKES For48 all ages at ¿2 2s each WINNER, £30, sECOND, £10 third £0 thrco dogs £4 locli, six dot», iii euch, oxpeiiBcs, £30 Uli total, £100 Ills III Morte beat Robin Dcrbv beat Martini Henr). husctto beat Duster Girofla II boat Philomel Miss Jauo beat Ballarat Lubra Lord Ormond beat Ballarat Bet» IV Morto beat Dcrbv Glrolla II beatSussettc Miss Jean beat Lord Ormond V Morto beat Glrolla II M Mr 0 P Pfuntlt's f vv 1) Morte, by Hector It - Snip and his bk w b Miss Joan b) Registrar Guncral -Wilful, divided tho stake, without tho latter running abvo WJAlhY 1100 STAKLH Tor 12 ullages, at ono guinea, each Winner, £8, stcoud, Li Mr G Pcarcos ho vv b Pan»), li) Grenadier Bluo), beat Mr C W Sinclairs bit vv b Camomile, b) Barwon Aim-I air) Mr J 11 Mansfields bk vv bp Moll) Den, by Grenadier-Moll) Darling beat Mr W Balley s bit w d p llallaiat Mugio, b) Magic Balm-Lscapo Mr O C S)nionss bo vv d pSwinircr bv I actor Bo)-Spiteful beat Mr S Cnbiru F vv d Pat tlio Spanker, U) Old S) mes-Dammit) Mr J Olivers lit vv d Commodore Nutt b) Willst ling Dick-Lady Lenore, bent Mr H ltcltro s bd vv b Bow Bolls Mr It O Nimmo s hk vi b Wood Nymph, bv Ilcgls bar Gcnornl-Wilful, boat Mr W Balle) s Ilk vv d Ballarat Boss by Ptarmigan-itoudolütla (1) Mr 1 Baths bd ti Bosworth by Stanley-Bow Bells beat Mi I 1 aw eett s bk vv b Tearless, b) Glen lodi-Mlrtlug Jano (1) Pans) beat Mollv Dear Commodore Nutt beat Swinger Wood Nymph beat Bosworth III Pansy beat Commodore Nutt W ood N) niph a b) c Mr It Nimmo s lit vv b Wood Nymph, b) l.cgls trar General-W llful, boat Mr G l'ciroos bo vv b Pan"), b) Grenadier-Blucv, nnttvvoii thostal o PllIDAV To day's bright sun was much more inviting for outdoor enjoyment than Thura do), mid it vus fully anticipated that a great crowd would leavo !» tho morning tram lrom Melbourne However, the ussembluge was shott of a bundled nt half past 1 o'clock, when the first brace of dogs were put into shpa anti a spectul thnt hud been uiriuigcd to leave Ballarat at 2 o'clock waa very thinly pntronistd, although it was tho weekly hull holiduy m tin "gurdon tit) Duringjtho interval befort communing, a stroll around enabled one to murk ii notable improvement that had pre vioual) been overlooked It is at tht escape coverts, and tonsiats of a strip of rye and pampas grabs, into which tho linns gum sheltei, and thereby do aw ii) with the dodging about the paling fence, winch spoils so much of the enclosed sport at other places '1 he 12 tunis in the principal event were supplemented b) a beaten dog Btake, drawn last night, and tht muting mino to a con cluaion ot 0 o clock, only just m tun» to catch the tram to Ballarat and the south 'I he hures ran vtry budly, vtr) fiw of the trials being ot extra length, and the only extuso to account foi their softness must be the grten fetd that for witts past has bien so libtially supplied li) the clubs caretaker Towoitls the end of the day it was littlo better than rabbit cours ing and therefore to soy the li illorut Club commeniid'the henson with mi)thing like succiss woultl be btinple cxnggcia tion The principal slake was divided between Morte anti Miss lean, kennel companions, but we mc of opinion that Lord Ormond winner of the iinllnrat Dcrb) last siuson should huve otcupnd tho position of Miss Juin ut the tunah, with un othirtnnl at nil events Mr di ugh ton, the judge, bud no grounds for deciding in favour of the bitch With thia exception mid the tleciaion m tho tourac between Pat the Spanker and Ballarat Robin on the hrst du), the judge got through Ina duties on the stand for the first time ver) aotisfnctoril) Vi rv considirab't ci edit is nlso dut to Mr It Pobjo), jim , of Ballarat who uctid ns slipper in tin honornr) ctipncitj IniAi hTAitPs-Second lies-Morto carno nivu) font Itriutha lu front of Robin turned, swung round smart!) foi another, ant) thuu cut It short with a wrench and 1 111 Derb) took a long lead from Mat tin! Henri raced past liliu repeatedly, and wound una vei) liol ovv affair of good length vv itll a Hue kilt illa pupp) altogether unklug a poor show after his v estonia) s eveellctit dlsplav Susctto and Duster raced netk anti neck together for half thu run up till the llrstnumi 11 le ned out and hcorc 1 thu turn with a Uncu lengths lead following it up with another when Unstui got placed stuck cleverly to Ills work and had a co iplo of ininti to tile (roof A strong llnlsh, inclusive of tho kill however hided Susettu tho vv inner with not ovennueli in liuntl Glrolla li was unsighted from Klips but taccd clean past for tho turn, olu\ tri) field her own and allowed her opponent nothing but a 1 ill of no merit Mr Gore s old hitoh ran this trial w ith a treat amount of flru Miss Jean led Ballarat Lubra threo lengths turned twice exchanged, and cn led a bhoit BIIIU vv Uti a hand) kill 1 oi lOimoml placet! a gap of live langths botwucn himself and Ballarat Bee, and on reaching his guino tinned vwinched btrontrlv twite, mil mis ed au uttcmi t to kill lins opinai tho way for Mi Biduna kite li who tiiinod and put thu hate to thu dog, who killed at otico and won handsome!! Third lies -Morto stretched out tinco *fonctlis from Dcrb) biought his bat o round an I raced into It Giroflt II lud su,"it0 nure icnj til« turned1 caine round smartl) for another fctrong drive, and then racing ami) wrenohcl killed and heat her opponent pointless lord Ormond wosacouploof lengths faster thuu Mina le in for a wild lush the Ditch then cutting in for one point and the kill This was a clear undecided but Ibu judge awarded tho verdict to Miss li au Pourth Iles -Moite Contran to expectation, led Ohofia II ii long vvttv, turned tvvlto and ran out, when thu blue cut in foi one lut Morto takluu; thu boro avvu) fiom her wrinchtd killel and won easily Morto and Miss Jean then divided tho stake, both bellin ill the same kennel UKATPN Don STAKES -Camomilo drew past Vans) for the first tllin mid was oui) lan I) beaten in a shoit uiisatisfactor) spin Ballarat Mugio led up for Hist honours, uftcr which Moll) Deurgavo bim a thoroughly good dressing Swinger out» it eil Pat tho Spanker and was so clover with his hare that lils opponent got nothing but uki!! of uo merit Coinmodoru Nutt was also too fast foi Bow Bills nntlTaftcr tho undcildcd Ballarat Boin Iel Wool S)niph, but was out worked to a shoit running hare Bosworth and I cal less also lan au undccUIc 1 ultu which tho lattt r led, but full biioro teaching tho hare, and Bosworth uctordiiigly hud it all las ov ji way 1 irst iles-Bann) Iel Viol!) Tear a couple of lengths tumid and place 1 tho latter, who vv rent lied killed a wetk hare anti put herself out Commodoru Nutt In a long run up led four tenglhs turned twice, mid dashed into his game nt the next stroke Wood Nymph dren past Bosworth and very speed!]) nailed another tat ot a bnre Second Ties-I ans) went past Commodoro Nutt on the outer circle brought puss rotin 1 mid killed at once Wood N)iupli then mil ashorth)c Deciding Course -Pans) showed t ace from slips, but was subse |Uently outworkid by W ood N) mph VIC! ORIA CLUB A committee meeting of this club was held yesterday afternoni, when it was decided that, on account of the Ladies Plate and Brut ilit falling resptctivii) six und four short of the requisite numbers they should be left open until J o ilotk on Wednesday next Nominations will bt grantid according to priority of application Dogs must bo named by 2pm on Thursday, and the draw will take plate an hour afterwards Members are reminded that they must oroducc their tickets nt tho Oval On the 12th mat, or they will be liable to be charged for admission The following are tlio subscribers to tlio Ladies* Stake.-Hon. W, M'Culloch, Mr. James M'Culloch. Mr. J. Cookson, Mr. .7, Ii Scott, Mr. J M'Rae, Mr. J Murphy, Mr J. T. Taylor, Mr II Traser. Mr. H Patterson,, Mr J. 11 Scott, Mr O Whittingham, Mr J. W. Whiteoak, Mr W K. Thomson, Mr J. W. Crosbie, Mr D Din íes, Mr. J. Wolateu hoHiie. SANDHURST, MALDON, AND BAKING HUP COURSING MEEUNO. [BY TELEGRAPH 1 (PROM OUR OWN COUIUSPONDFNT) MALDON, TjtiDAT. Tlie following is the draw for the Sund hurst, Maldon, and Baringhup coursing meeting, which commences next Wednesday 'lhere are 22 cn ti ILS, at two guineas each. Mr House's Hailstorm ngst Mr John s Pilot Mr. Eskdalo'd Kclao Latidlo iigst Mr Schmidt * Stella Mr Thompson s Arrow ngst Air Phillip s Xclsoii Mr 1-dL.ciIsRockctagfltMr BrçantB Bella Mr James a Moolar I ass ngst Mr OKccfos IN di. Mr Pettit s Snow flako apt Mr Burridge s Harman Mr Conway» Captain \\\cbator a^st Mr, Drowns Brooch loader Mr Tippetts Svveotbrcad ogstMr Conwa) BComet Mr Tippett a \oung Hero ugst Mr HousoaHcad wind Mi. Schmidt's Itcx II. agst Mr Brown's Chrono meter II Mr Harding s Cora ngst Mr Burrldgo's Banker The meet will take place at Mrs Law- rence a Loddon Hotel, Baringhup, at 8 o'clock a.m. The purse will be divided us follows - l'irat dog, £20 , runner up, £10, third dog, i7. Winners of two courses, £2 each WILLIAMSTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB Tho annual mooting of tho Williamstown Football Club was hold on the 25th ult Mr A T Clark, M L A , occupied tho chair Iho report and balance »hoot for laat year, which showed tho olub to boina favourablo condition, both financial!) and otherwise, tv ero submitted and adopted Tho election of olticc bearers for tho ensuing suahon resulted as follow« - Patrons, Messrs J O Ilcanov, M D 1* I" I lui wir, O Meares, MLO'a, president, Mr A. T Clark, M L A , \ let presidents, MUA» \V II CroKer, J J Goldio, MU, 0 Linds»}, It 0 Neale, W II Roberts I Smith , lion score ta rj and treasurer, I) M'Leod , lion secretar) bcoond twent), M J J itzpatrlck , audltori, Messrs O, r armor, jim , and 1 H biíko, dclogatb to \i"t«rian * «"ti-" -Vsscc'aMon, D M'Leod (.onoral commltteo, Messrs A Alexander, It Dalton, I Goble, A Gnibb, and J S Mooro, match committee first tttcntj, Messrs A Alexander, U Chen), I Goble, A Grubb, and I Kilgour. Iho club will play as a senior this season. CRICKET. HAST MELBOURNE V. SOUTH MEL. BOURNE. The Challcngo Cup match between tho East Mel bourno nnd South Melbourne clubs, which during the Week lins advanced in a casual wa} b) easy stagos, was again continued yesterday Trapp and Horan, who had remained in all tho provlous aftornoon, went again to tho wickets, but tho latter, having carried his scoro to -iii was bowled hy Trumblo Campbell was also bowled hy jTrumblo before ho reached duublu figures, but Trapp bit nil tho bowling about frech, and again carried out lils bat, having shown oxeo 11 ont cricket for his £3 Tho gamu will be re suincd to day, tho Last Melbourne scoro now standing as follows - * EAST MELBOUUNL HKCOND I-iHINOS M'&hane;, run out H <*, " .. 0 Heal}, b Trumblo « _. 0 Trapp, not out «. D3 Horan, h Trumblo . _ ,, .* 40 Campbell, b Trumblo ". 8 J, Allee, not out - .. M ~ 3 Sundries .. -. _ *. +. 7 Total for four wlokots « ..134 THIS AFTERNOON'S MATCHES Thu final match for!Messrs Boyla and Scott's (nip, between tho Capulols and Queensboro, w 111 bo placed on tho East Melbourno irround Should thu weather keep Ano, a largo attendance In expected Tho teams aro as follow - Capulets- Harvcj, Lucas, Dushall, Trott (two), Whiteoak, Heath K3 dor, Ward, Todd, Campbell Queensboro - Bundo (two) Bick ford, Clucas, I\ory, leo, Boran, Dullatt, Crosby, Craig, Cooper Umpires, Brennan and lio rrj A 0110 daj s match will be plajçd ou tim Richmond ground bctucon M C O and HOC, pla) to commence at half past 2 Tho Melbourno team will comprimí Messrs Bruce, Wingrove, Dun"), Dickson, hellv, M Ilwraith, Swift, bmith, H\ali lawlor and Cotter , emergences, Crooko and Do Little Tho following will represent Itiohmond -Turner, Trlnnlck, Uoslo, bmart, Morris, I U/geraUl, Bowman, Roborts, O Uara, Stokes, nnd Mathews 10 M CO also play I ssendon nt Essendon and Scotch Collego on tho Civil Servlco ground !. lt/roy \ KoWf»-Thcso clubs meet at I itzro), com monoiug at half past 2 sharp Tho following will repiosent I lt/roy -Messis Allon, Atherton, Lowe, Mitchell, Newman, bhowers, Smart, lopping, Nats ford, Phillips, Prentice, emergencies-Waugh, and Colburu Tho Kew team will comprise Messrs. Bar nord,Browne, Coakloj.Dodd, Foot.Halfo), Nicholson, 0 Hanlon, Power, Boss, Roberts, and \aueo Tho second clu\ ens pla) at Kow Sandridge v Curl ton at Port Molboumo -Sand ridga will ue represented bj Messrs Testro. Cormlok, Kelk, Armstrong, facott, M'Carth), Grut, Kirkpatrick. M iherson, Bowning, and Connor, 'iha second elevens will meet at Carlton Tho following matches will also bo pla)ed -St Kilda \ Labt Melbourne, at St Kilda, iootscrayv ( uhurg, on thu ground of tiio latter , Ijwt Molboumo Juniors u Powlett I un i ors, at Richmond paddock , \\\ cstern Marl ot v Hotham Alberts, on tho ground ot tho latter, Bo)ni park, kensington \ South Sub urban Railwa), at Newmarket, Star of Itiohmond v Hawthorn, on tho ground of tho latter, Adclphiana v liUro) Juniors on tho ground of the former, North jritztojv "i arra \ am, at Victoria park Bich mond third v Kew Asvlum, Richmond tiam to met* at Melbourne Town hall at 2 0 eluek BICYCLING Tlio following nins havo bcon ai ranged for to dav . -Carlton Club, to Alphington, Prineo of ttafes Club, to Armidale, "\ ictoria Club, to Proston , Pilot Club, to Alphington , Lureka Club, to Oakleigh and a moonlight run to Albert park, Normanbv Club, to Maribyrnong Melbourno Club, to Ilstcmulok, lernsiduClub will drill, btaitlng fiom thu monument at 2 00 p m LAWN '1 ENNIS Bohemians \ Melbourne -A match between these clubs for thu Purvcs trophies will bo ploved at '2 p ni to da) on tho M O C courts Melbourno toam Meurs Dickens and Coll Mo, W. E Highett and Audi rson St hilda \ Ormond-Tho first fours will meet at Ormond Collego, pla) commencing at 2 o clock Ormond v St Kilda -Iho second fours will pla) at St Kilda, pla) commencing at half past 2 p m BOWLING Tho Hawthorn Club pla> tho Richmond Union on tlio Hawthorn green toda). Game commences at 3 sharp FOO1BALL Tho I It/ro) and tho Melbourno clubs will meet this afternoon for practico at their respceth 0 grounds LACRO&SK; Lacrosse platers generally aro requested to meet at tho Prlnco s brldgo station at 3 pin to proceed to Kew, to practlso with tho m embers of tho kew Col lego club Tho annual meeting of tho Fitzroy Lacrosso Club at held on Monday evening last Mr W li Cooper as in tho chair, and thoro was a good attendance of members Iho lion secretary a report showed that the club had been falrlv successful last season, having pla) ed lu matohes, and lostonl) four of that number Ibu number of foal s scored during tbeso mntches ivas J", of which 20 wero secured hy tim 1 leo captain (Mr E. A Trickett), and onl\ 11 L,onl« lnd been secured b\ opposing teams Tho hon treasurer's report was alsohlghh satiHÍactor) Both reports wore adopted, nnd the foi lowing odlee bearers elected for tho forthcoming fceason, vi/ -Prosidont, Mr H P I ergio , Uco presl dents, Messrs Bushell und bhowers, captain, Mr W Hcale , \ i< e captain Mr E A Trickett, lion secre tary and treasurer, Mr W Healo . commltteo, Messrs Clouston W II Cooper, Brestlin, Strickland and riockhart dolegato to Mctoriaii Lacrosso Associa tion, Mr A\ Hcale "Votes of thanks wero accorded to " Tho Argus ' for inserting ropoits. Le , to the re tiring oillce bcarcra, and to tho chairman and thu nomination of new members terminated the bust liens i lio South 'S arri Lacrosse Club meet for practice on their j, 1 on nd, at tho rear of tho Warehousemen s Cricket ground, this afternoon, nt a o clock YACII'i INO The first raco for tho trophv presented to the Trident Amateur lacht Club hy Dr Ileauoy, as pris! dent nf the club, foi senior members, will tako placo at Albert park lako this afternoon, starting from moorings opposlto J dvvardss boathouse at »io clock Tho following aro tho jachts entered, with their re spectn 0 stations - So 1, Mr lurnersHobo, No _, Mr isintu H Wanda No (, Mr Morkhams Diono, No 4, Mr C J Shlolds Mavis, No G, Mi. fetabbacka C)tnet,No 0, Mr W Shield s Alert VICTORIA YACHT CLUB Tho monthh incotlng of m cm bo ra was held on Wcdncsdax nie,ht and was, as usual, well attended though tho business was not or n verv Important character Amongst tho corrcspondenou read wai a letter from tho lion secretar) to tho Coin niirjiiioner of Cubtoms calling lils attention to tim destruction of tho harbour at Hah moon Ba) Moorabbin Great rogict waa express* d that tho Phillip Island Regatta had not been fixed for Laster Siturdtt) inhtcad of Monda), as soveral )iiolit owners ti\% ilflcd their intention of crtilsingto Westernport if thu w either permitted Arrangements havo been made for jnchtsto rendezvous at Williamstown on Thurbday evening next, ready to Htart for a cruise in compati) at seven o clock Di Bowens yacht Secret was announced to havo been again placed on tho chili list, and it is hoped that noxt season some good racing may take place between the first class yiichts It was decided to proceed at onco with tho erection of tho fenco nt tho club shed, Williamstown, nnd tenders will be forthwith accepted The nuestion ol hoMIng quarterly t,oclal ev cnlngs was decitied, and its adv Isa hllity agreed to A commencement will bo mado 011 the 1st proY , when a dinner will take place 