Presence of Mind. The time appointed for the marriage cere mony in the church was eleven o'clock in the forenoon. Borealis Brown, the bride groom, and Aurora .White, the bridc, were in a close carriage a half mile away at six minutes before eleven. "We shall get there right inl time," said he, looking at his watch. Now, it is dreadfully unfashionable to get to the church promptly, and Aurora would have felt just like dropping through the floor, don't you know, if she had walked upl tle aisle in time. " Don't you think, my dear, it would be better to be ten minutes late," said she, leaning against him inl a kind of harmless hug. "No. 'I pride myself on punctuality." " Five,minutes, then." " Now, mY darling, don't coax." . list as.you .saJy" She put Iher .hand ,darelessly on his olbonldcr,.and let it drop.alowly alonlg d~lown over his coat to a small pocket set in at the ,waist seam, where it lingered for a few .seconds. ' You have the ring where you can find it: readily 2" she remarked, laying placidly back in her seat. " There is notllig so awkward as to fumble for tile ring at the altar, you know." " Oh, t've .majle sure on that point, as I told you," lie said colidentiy. " I slipped the ring right into this handy little liocket, wlhere 1-good heaven !" " W\Vhat, Borealis, what 2" "The ring is lost." He thrust Ilsfingers into his pocket madl ly again and again, bit tihe ring surely was inot tlher. lie made wild conjectures, felt. in all his other pockets, and concluded lie must have left it at. Anrora's residence. He ordered the coachman to turn about. Wl\hen .they had gone back almost to the house, a plblic.clock struck eleven. '" What is that ." sail Aurora, pointing to the bottom of the carriage. The ring lay glittering in a corner. " I must have dropped it," said Borealis, picking it up, "but I swear t looked in tlhat very spot two minutes ago." Sife had looked there, as a matter of fact, just before 4u!rora threw the ring down. ".Well;" he remnarked, looking at his watchl again, 'you n .will have your way after.all. _We can't: get to .the .churcll before ten mi!ntes lJat, anyhow.' " Tobe sure." Acute presence of nmilnd is characteristic of They may blush, but they know what they are about. .Their eyes may be dim with tears, but they can see amnsplaced thread in their dress, One hundred yards from the church Aurora expressed a fear that she was as pale as a ghost. "Say as fair as nlabaster," Borealis sug gested. . "Now, my dear," sIte retorted, "this is no .time for compliments. Is there the least bit of color in my face?" "WVell, no, but-" "I must look ghastly." " Would you like to blush as you goin 1'! " Yes." He thlrew his arms around her, drew her to his breast with the grip of a wrestler, and kissed her loud and long. lie was through with it just as tile carriage doer was opened by au usher, and she walked into church with a satisfactory amount of pink on her cheeks. 