Woman Items. Thc women whose photographs .sell best in England ave thc Princess of Wales, Miss Mary Anderson, and Mrs. Langtry. Wc learn that Miss Anderson's face is considered to be a ' classic oval.' Li every theatrical company there is a set of men who keep their eyes on young ladies who take to the stage to make money. As a rule, none of these men are fit to earn 30s. a week as actors, but they try to make it up by dressing weil at the expense of tailors and borrowing money from these young ladies. These men are thc scamps of a gentlemanly profession. They dress well, act horribly, and generally end by driving vegetable carts in country towns or Chinese camps. Miss Clara Louise Kellog is one of the brightest of the late converts to the supposed superior staying power of English opera. Italian and German opera, she opines, have had their day. For herself, she will have no moro of them. Her late trip to Europe gave her an exalted conviction of the immense popularity of Americans abroad, especially of American girls and American drinks. Two Englishmen overhead her conversation one day in London. ' What a delicious American ac- cent !' said one of thom. ' Soven pound ten for a dress,' said the millionaire Brown, looking over the draper's bill. ' I cannot and will not stand this confounded ex- travagance ;' so he drove around lo thc club, paid for two dozen of champagne, wrote a cheque for £20 for the Missionary Society, gave the cabman two sovereigns, and reeled upstairs, and said, ' Madora, I shall (ic) shtand this extravagance no longer,' and fell asleep. And she, little angel, got up and removed HO sovereings from his pocket, smiled, and went to sleep again. The great difficulty Australian . ladies have in dressing is, that they follow Parisian fashions at the wrong season. What is suitable in Paris or London in October is, a preparation for winter, and everything is subordinated to soft furry outlines. In October, and right on to Christmas, thc Australian lady who would dress well, will cer- tainly follow the leaders of taste in matters of out- line, but as the latest journals draw the pat- terns, it should be the Ugliest and most tasteful of lace herc. American ladies have already learnt this. Some gentlemen of Sydney, N.S.W. who take a deep interest in thc future of Australia have como to thu conclusion, after enquiry, that nine tenttis of the girls who leave our public-schools, and who afterward* drift into millinery and dress- making, arc unable to broil a steak or roast a leg of mutton properly, and, as that, and thc training of children will have to be the chief occupation of their lives, there ought to be classes for the teach- ing of cookery in every school. They arc un- doubtedly in the right, and any steps they may take in the direction of getting their views recog- nised in this direction will meet with the support of every juan who gets mad when his steak or log of mutton is served up- spoiled. Sonic ladies about to bo married (writes a clergyman) have an unconquerable reluctance to usc tlie word ' obey.' One or two, if their own statements are to be accepted, have ingeniously constructed thc term ' bc gay.' On one occasion thc minister suggested that if thc bride was un- willing to utter thc obnoxious word aloud, she might whisper it to him. She positively refused, but afterwards consented when he had been forced to dismiss thc witnesses without proceeding any farther. A charming young wife once boasted that she could not remember a word of what she had promised when she was married, as she was ' in a perfect daze ' during the ceremouy. She added that, after protracted inquiry among her married friends, she had not found one whose experience in this respect was different from her own. It is the common notion' amongst the gentlemen who allix M.L.A. and M.L.C. to their names that a woman cannot know anything about politics. Old Adam was the man that said it first, and his sons have kopt it up. How stands the fact? All the political movements dictated in France, Italy, America, and Australia are deter- mined by women's influence. All the European correspondence worth having, political correspon- dence at least, comes through the han-ls of men who get that political information through the hands of ladies before it is posted. Editors know the fair red-ink corrections written in an angular hand that often enough are done like lightning in the intervals of a dance for a frantic correspondent, shivering out in the ante-room and wondering how to catch the mail. When the Australian Natives Associa- tion was started in Victoria, it was intehded.as a ?Club, and was to be conducted as a club on the old lines. A club is a place whore Man (with a capital M) drinks beer and sundries, smokes cigars and makes up its muddled mind that woman's place is the kitchen. The old grey-headed fellows there solemnly tell the young fellows, that, to give women a vote, would be a dangerous thing-' the country would go to the dogs, sir.''1 Afterwards, the.young fellows began to doubt that the old men knew everything ; and got to believe that these old men were much more afraid that their late hours would bc interfered with, than that the country was about to be ruined ; so they pledged themselves to a man, that there should be womanhood suffrage, as well as manhood suffrage. And there can be no peace in this country until tiio woman vote is as openly exercised as it is now notoriourly influential. Oh, could wc only once be thc men to organize it. I lu the great Parisian salons the dress ' of the most influential women is simple as simple i can be. All the drawings that thc great trading I Parisian milliners send hore show that the leaders of fashion are again trying for simplicity. The latest dress, as described in fashion plates, is in a new style, and insists on simplicity, and we are in fairy land here when we read of such dresses advertised by colonial dressmakers. What sort of a dress is this, for instance ? We will not swear to the trade words, but have asked a lady to explain :-' A shot silk, with yellow dead-gold fringe. Suppose the hair dark brown. A dead gold-band to group it, with heavy curls in iront, pearls, ive. But thc dominant colours of the skirt .ire utterly opposed to thc upper dress, being of a faint lavender.' We forgot to mention that thc skirts were very long, and t hat, instead of the high heeled notion, half an inch was the limit of boot heels. The latest design for the Dolman, according to I ladies' opinion, is to prevent the elbows beingkept too I low down. For cold weather the thing is too much furred ; for ordinary wear it does not leave freedom j enough for the arms. The Sydney dressmakers I arc trying to construct accordingly. So far with very little success. At a trial in Augusta, Ma., U.S.A., the other day, before Judge Whitehouse, the case being a family quarrel between disgruntled heirs, among j thc witnesses for the defence was a pair of twins, They were not ordinary twins. They had hair of tho brightest auburn, eyelids the colour of flax, pinl and white complexions, and dresses exactly alike even to thc most important bow. Their names ever were exactly alike, with the exception that an î appeared in one of their names instead of an o When the lust appcui''.ù on tho stand, thc jury jminc and lawyers regarded h*r attentively ; sh< >;uve her testimony hi a modest manner and steppei down. Another name was called ; it was that o her twin sister. As her counterfeit presentmen quietly took thc stand there was a hnsh in the cour room. Judge, jury, lawyers, and spectators sa transfixed, and gazed first at thc witness in thc bo: and then afc the place where her sister had take; her seat. They coidd hardly believe thsir eyes'; j seemed as if the last witness had returned to th" box with without being recalled. The lawyer con ducting the cross- examination put the usual ques tions ; thc name and residence were, to all appeal anccs, the same in the case of her double, just o the stand, and the voice precisely the same in ton and inflection. The jury looked at each other, an seemed ready to match coppers as to whether thc were awake or not. Then the lawyer asked th witness if she had been on the stand before durin the trial, and received a quiet answer in the negf tive. This satisfied the Court, although, if bc twin sister had not sat in plain view at the othc end of the court-room, it is by no means certai that she would not have been indicted for perjury. ' You know what a scarecrow I used t be,' said a little swimmer to the writer yesterdaj ' why, I was a little bundle of nerves to begin wit! and two years of Miss Nipper's fashionable boan ing and day school had hammered the little pluck had originally quite out of mo. I was afraid < ghosts and burglars and dogs; why, even tl: wiggling of the trees used to make me shiver. Bi since I have learned to swim, and that's only sim May, I sleep like a top, and am so plucky ; wh; yesterday I met a cow when I was out at Cliftoi and I just faced her as if I had lived in a ranch a my life'. Last Summer I met this same cow, and ran for half a mile yelling for my life, climbed ov< a feigh picket fence, sprained my ankle, and apoile my best chambray dress trying to escape from her Here this young romancer took a dive, and comir up tilted up on to the spring- board and continued 'I laugh every time I think of the first time took a swimming lesson. I crept down to the wate and Miss Kneppert hung me by the belt on to th! hook. See, she has got a girl on. now. Isn't si funny in that oilskin cap ? Well, I knew I couldn drown, but I was certain I should die, so I shut rr eyes and said a little prayer. Eight in the midst i it Miss Kneppert called out : " Now, Miss Blan lay your hands flat, draw your knees well up, ar then kick out good and strong. Heady-one, tw three, kick." I had on a green bathing suit andjs oilskin cap, and as I struck_ out I opened my cy to seo myself drown, and 1 looked so like a frog had to laugh. That seemed to cure my fears. Tl water was warm and deliciously pleasant. All tl other girls were lloating around like the picture 01 sccs of tho Christian martyr, with her head out water, and I took courage. Before the lesson w¡ over I knew it is easier to swim thanet is to sinl and when you know that you know a heap. At tl second lesson I slipped off the spring-board júát lil this,' and putting her shapely arms, hard as marbi with shiny muscles under the polished skin, a¡ : pointing her fingers for a dive, my raconteuse di appeared in the tank like a young seal. 