THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLlSHED DAILY.) VllOGIlESSION*, OUR UIOllTS, AND OUR lUttOUftOBS, SANDHURST, MONDAY, FEB. 4 1884 Cablegrams,—-Baker Pasha, hi advancing from tUo Red Son towards Tokar, encountered a body of hostile natives, who, howtivoiy fled at his up prbach, and hundreds wore cut do\vn by cavalry. The French Government is raising a loan of £1-1,000,000 storling. Numerous arrests havo been 'made in Vienna sinco the suspension of the ordinary law. Sir G. W. Alien, o Now South Wales, and tho Hon. IT. Whittaker, of Now .Zoaland. havo been created Knight Com manders of tho Order, of bt. Michael and St. George. Mr. K. Murray^ birith and Mr. Thomas Archor, Agents-General for Victoria and South Australia havo beon created companions of the same order. The defaulting sharobiokors, iMessra. Thomas and Son, have defrauded the London Chartered Bank of Australia of ±-J0,000 worth of seemitios. Tub Knolish Mail.—At 2 p.m. yesterday tho R.M.S.S. lioaotta was in sight at Glonolg. SliQ should roach Holwon's Hay oarly to-morrow. Miners' Association.—Tho adjourned hr.lt voarlv mooting of tho MinorB Association which j was hold on Saturday ovoning is roportod at length in another column. 'Tho result of tho election for tho position of president, aiul for tho six vacancies on tiio committee wore announced to tho mooting. Mr. H. G. Williams, tho lata vico-nrosidont, was olectod president. Mr. 1*. S. Williams was elected vico-prosidont without opposition, and Mr. 1>, phillips was ro-electod to tho secretaryship without opposition. It was resolved that u special mooting bo hold on tho 1st of March to discuss tho advisability of adopting a now by-law similar to that which obtains in ISallarat, Creswick, and othor branches of the association, to the effect that no member be allowed to work with a iiou~inomboi, and that it be optional with claims or members working at any claim within tho cognisance of the branch to adopt tho proposed now by-law. A re solution was carried, instructing tho officers ami committoo to inquire into roportod casos of Sunday working. It was decided that tho press should bo admitted to all meetings, and that an illuminated address should bo presented to the lato president, Mr. Jas. Sneddon. Gold,Calls, and Dividends.—'Tho gold roturns on Saturday amounted to 3,-150 ozs, a good total for tho "olf week." Tho chief contributors were Bruhn's Tribute, Sadowa, Unicorn Tribute, Ellen borough, Lady Barkly, and Horculos. The amalgam yields genorally are poor, but United Devonshire shows marked improvement, and South St. Mungo and New Chum United hadgood returns. Eivo dividends wore declared, the total boing £0,350; while, owing to tho approach of what is known as " Ghost" Wednesday, tho calls were heavy, reaching £11,729. Serious Vehiolk Accident.—On Saturday a rather: serious vohicle accident happened to a couple of lads, uamod respectively William Teasdale and J. M'lntoah, near tho Benevolent Asylum. Teasdale is employed by Mr. lluascll, baker, residing at Goldon-square, as a driver of tho baker's cart. When on his rounds ho picked up the lad M'lntosli, residing at Ironbark, and another named English, and wlion driving near the asylum the reins got under the liorso s tail. The lads tried to extricate them, when tho horse bolted and ran tho vohicle into a gutter. The cart overturned and the lads wero thrown violently out, English escaping uninjured, while M'lntoah and Teasdale were evidently very badlyhurt. The boys wero taken to tho hospital, when it was found that Teasdalo was suffering from concussion of the brain, and M'Intosh had received a cut on his head.' Yesterday Teasdale was removed from tho institution to his home, and is now progressing as favorably as can bo expected. Eye-witnesses of the accident state that the cart twice overturned. Action roil Damages.—The Strathfiold ayo Shire Council have been served with a writ issued by Mr. J. Griffin, of Strathfieldsayo, claiming £10 damages as compensation for injuries received to his cart while passing over a rut on tho main road near Woolf's. Some montli3 since Mr. Gritlin sent in a claim for Hi for the damage done to his cart, but tho council refused to entertain tho letter, It has been decided by tho council to defend tho sase, and tho shiro solicitor (Mr. J. W. Ryiner) has been instructed to that olfect. Dr. Quick will bo retained, and the case, which will be of interest to municipal bodies, will bo heard at tho sittings of the County Court on tho 14th inst. Typhoid Ekvkb.—On Saturday Mounted-Con stable Keating, who lias been located at the Sandhurst police barracks, was taken to the hospital, as ho appeared to bo suffering from typhoid fover. On inquiry at the institution last night it was olicted that Constablo Keating, although having typhoid fever symptoms, was pro gressing favorably, and tho symptoms had not been further developed. Accident at Long Gully.—On Saturday a vory painful accident happened to a young man named Maher, working at Long Gully and residing at Eagleliawlc. Ho and sonio othors were pulling a rope, when Maher suddenly lost his hold n.nd foil across a mining truck. Ho did not consider it necessary to seek medical attendance until Sunday night, when the pain from tho injured part of his body becoming intense, he was taken to the Bendigo Hospital, when it was ascertained that ho was suffering from an -internal injury, the exact extent of which is not at present apparent. Injured Whilk Wrestling. — On Saturday night a man named Michael O'Loghlen, residing at Back Creek, was admitted into the Bendigo. Hospital, suffering from injuries to the left hand, caused by being thrown while wrestling with a companion in Pall Mall. \- Strathfieldsayk Shire Council.—On Satur day a special mooting of tho Strathfieldsayo Shire Council was held at the Town Hall, Sandhurst, for tho "purpose of receiving the resignation of the Rimdell and O'Kourke. It was decided to accept tho resignation, and after some discussion, the' secretary was instructed to advortise for an engi noer at a salary of iT> per year and 5 per cent, on the amount of works supervised. A discussion subsequently arose regarding tho question of advertising, it being urged by some of the council lors that the shiro advertisements should bo in serted in both morning papers and not as is at present tho rule only in one alternately. No action was taken, it being, howover, understood that tho question would arise at the next meeting of the council. Amalgamated Engineers and Enginedrivers' Association.—A special general meeting of tho Bendigo branch was hold at Hansen's Hotel on Saturday night, to take into consideration a com munication received from the Mining Department, asking the branch to nominate a gentleman to act on tho board of examiners under tho now Mining Act. There wasaverylargouuinberofmemborspro sont, Mr. C. Morgan, vice-president, being in tho chair. Great interest was taken in tho proceedings throughout. Correspondence was read and re ceived from tho secretary of the eight hours' anni versary committee, asking that a delegate might be appointed to represont this branch. Sir. C. Morgan was unanimously elected as delegate. Letters wero also road and recoivod from the secretary of tho Eaglehawk branch and from tho secretary of the A.M.E.D.A., requesting this meeting not to nominate any gentleman for tho board of examiners, as they considered it would properly bolong to the oxecutivo council of the amalgamated body to appoint such nominee to tiio Minister of Mines, and that neither of tlieso bodies had received any communication from tho Mining Department on tho subject. It was therefore re solved by the meeting that tho secretary ascertain from tho Mining Department further information on tlie matter, and that tho meeting adjourn until tho desired information is obtained. A subscrip tion list was opened as a defence fund in order to assist engine-driver Jones, that he may be ably dofendod in the proceedings instituted agaiust him. Mr. Hansen was appointed treasurer and will receive any sum on that behalf. A fair amount was collected in tho room. There being no other business brought forward the meeting closed. Railway Improvements.—Before tho close of tho last session of Parliament a sum of £:2iil,000 was voted for tho carrying out of a number of im provements on the various lines of the colony, ex cepting those denominated Patterson lines. Many of the improvements on tho main trunk lines were (saj's tho A'/l') of an urgent character consequent upon tho construction of numerous branch lines having almost doubled the mileage as well as tonnage. Especially has this been the case on the Sandhurst lino. Mr. Greene,engineer for existing lines, has during the liist few months been busily engaged in carrying out a number of tho small im provements, whilst arrangements have also been made to undertake tho larger works, such as exten sions to stations, increased storage and platform accommodation, new sidings, replacing worn out rails, duplication of lines, and the repair of bridges and aqueducts. Sudden Death of a Chinaman. - On Satur- day the coroner held an inquiry at the Bendigo Hospital touching the death of a Chinaman named Ah Sing, who expired in the institution on Friday. It was shown that the deceased was 43 years of age, and a native of Canton, and had re- sided for about 20 years in the colony. For some time he had suffered from pains in the chest, and had been treated in the Castlemaine Hospital on two occasions. Dr. Colquhoun, who made a post mortem examination of the body, stated that both lungs were acutely congested, and also showed evidence of chronic disease. The cause of death was acute congestion of the lungs. A verdict to this effect was recorded by the coroner. Singular Accident.—A painful accident hap pened on Saturday at the Hallway- station to a shunter named Phillip Jones, lie was sitting on ono of tho buffers of a truck whilst tho train w«s in motion, and had placed his hand over the edge of tho buffer preparatory to jumping olf. Tho engine-driver suddenly slackened speed, and the buffer of the truck .Tones was sitting on struck against the buffer of another truck, tho result being that tho flesh of Jones' finger was torn away to the feme." The injured inrin was'attended to at the hospital FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. JOSEPH DAVIS The remains of this lamented gentleman were conveyed to the Sandhurst Cemetery at half-past 11 o'clock, a.m., on Saturday. The funeral was strictly private, yet there was a good attendance of personal friends of the deceased. The chief mourners were Mr. William Davis, of the Colonial Bank, and his three sons. Amongst those present we noticed the town clerk, Mr. Donovan, Mr. Kemp, of the Victorian Water Supply, Mr. Tolmie, Mr. Purcell, and Mr. J. Heffernan Those from a distance were Mr. James Chapman, Portland; the town clerk of Castlemaine, Councillor Redfern, Castlemaine; Mr. Cornish, surveyor, Castlemaine; Mr. Cornish junr., and Drs. Bone and Macgillivray. The Rev. Mr. Cross, of St. Paul's, read the impressive service of the Church of England at the grave. Our Castlemaine corres- pondent gives some interesting particulars concern- ing the deceased gentleman. Tiik Plum Citor.—Owinf» to tho recent rains tplums hnvp.riponod very quickly, and duritip the past week an enormous quantity of this fruit has been sent away from Sandhurst for jammaking pur poses. Messrs. Roid and Co., of Market sqnaio, liavo forwardod 1,900 casos for tho week, tlio whole being consigned to tho Rod Cross Jam Manufac tory Company, Pralian. Sinco Wednesday Mr. Chas. Gray dispatchod 783 cases of tho samo fruit to I,ho Hud Cross Company, and Mosars. Minty and Co. sent away Oil cases from Sandhurst, and about 1,000 from Castlemaino. Messrs. Minty's lot was consigned to Sydney, Adelaide, and Now Zealand. Tho price paid togardenors for the fruit was £7 per ton. . . AiTOiNTJiJvNTS.—Mr. W. W. Moore has been appointed a membor of tho Local Steam Naviga tion Board, Echuca, to carry out tho provisions of Part IV. of tlio Passengers, Harbors, and Naviga-' tion Statute, 1805, vice. Mr. R. Parmeter, whoso sorvicos.havo boon dispensed with. Mr. Wm, H. StophonSj inspector of stock, has been appointed acting-ofiicor of customs at Echuca during tho ab sanco of Mr. W. ICylo on loavo. , An Impostor.—A young; woman has lately bean going about Sandhurst imposing upon hotol keopors and others. After stopping at an hotol for a fow days it has been her habit to run short of monoy. She then protonds to be corresponding with friends in Adelaide, from whom sho expects largo roinittancos which Hovor, como. After ton or twelvo o'clock she goes out for an evoning walk and forgets to return. Tho young woman is affable in manner, genteol in appoaranco, and wears a spotted polonaise, black skirt, and a white hat. Sho has tho mark of a burn on ono chook, and is under tlio protection of a man whom sho addresses as her "do.ir cousin." Sho has excellent powors as a machinist in addition to her clever scheming propensities, and was employed for a fow days at an ostablishmonfc in tho Mall. A Clearance.—Within the past few days, a gentleman interested in some property in Dowling street, waited on Mr. Palmer, the superintendent of police, with tho object of seeing whether the occupants of some of the brothels in that portion of tho street could not be compelled to vacate their dwellings. On Saturday Sub-Inspector O'Flaherty instructed Senior-Oonstable Barry to give tho brothel keepers notice to quit, and during tho morning Constable Barry interviewed the tenants of six cottages in the locality, and informed thom that they would have to leave in a week's time. Tho objectionable occupants of tho street are Mary Collins, Lizzie Wilson, Margaret Miller, Kato Filbin. Angelina Emperor, and Mary Coleman. The women, as if anticipating some thing of the sort, received the intimation quietly, although in some instances a longer period than a week was requested before they vacated the cottages. The question arises where are they to go to? Would it not be possible at this juncture to successfully inaugurate some scheme for the re- clamation of these unfortunate women ? A Bad Road.—The generally bad road from M'Loughlin's to Donald's will form the subject of a discussion at M'Loughlin's Swan Hill Road Hotel, to-inorrow evening at 8 o'clock, when it is aroposed to take steps to petition the Marong Shire Council to have the road repaired. Insulting Behavior.—On Saturday night n voung man named John Thompson, residing at Goldon Square, was arrested in proximity to the Masonic'Hall, where he was behaving in an insult ing manner. Ho will appear at the City Court tin's morning. Lost Cheque.—On Saturday evoning a cheque for £1012s., and drawn by John Shawcross on the Union Bank of Australasia in favor of Homy Draper, was lost. Should any pers n find' tho same, a reward will bo paid on production at the Wortheim Sowing Machine Depot, Pall Mall. Porsons aro elsewhere cautioned against cashing the cheque; payment having been stopped. ^ Breach of the Mining Regulations.—At the Eaglehawk Police Court on Saturday last, James Hocking, an engine-driver employed on tho Phcenix Company's mino, was charged before Mr. G-. Webster, P.M., with a breach of the mining regu lations. ■ The defendant had- lowered the cage conta ning four men to the 050 feet level believing that tho bearers wore fixed, and;a man named Davey in gottingfrom the cage was crushed against the shaft, and narrowly escaped being: killed A. report of tho accident appeared in our columns at; the timo. Tho bench fined the defendant the sum of £3, with £2 17s costs. • Inspector op Crown Lands.—Mr. John Bed ford, inspoctor of country offices, has been appointed inspector of the department of Crown Lands and Survey. Tin Mining in the Malayan Peninsula — Two mining speculators resident at Stawell (says the P. C. Ntinj) recently got a report from a tin mine in which they have an interest, situated'on" [ the Malayan Peninsula. Amongst other items it was reported that the men on ono occasion wero i interrupted in their operations by finding on re- ! turning from dinner, that a tigor had taken posses sion of the ongino-liouse. The men, of courso, { scuttled away in all directions, and those'of tho Europoans who had guns ran for them, and re turned with all (>ossiblo speed to find that "stripes" had suspected trouble and retreated to tho junglo. Two engineers liavo been engaged.for the works; one, wo bolievo, is Mr. Corrio, formerly of Sand hurst,andtho other,Mr. Pierce,formerly of thoRes cue Company's mine, Ararat. It was represented, wo aro told, to Mr. Pierce by one of Job's comfor ters and a dear and candid friend, that it was necessary to keep n reserve stock of engineers on, at the Peninsula, and that as soon as ho or Sir. Corrio met a tigor and both lay down together, another engineer would be at once sent for, so that the works might not run any risk of being delayed. The Kkbang Railway. — Arrangements liavo been arrived at between the Railway Department and tho contractors for the Mitiamo to Tyramid Hill (says tho Argus) newly-constructed railway, by which the line will bo made available fur goods and passenger traffic on and after tho 12th instant. City Court.—Messrs. Osborne and Rogers, JsiP., attended at tho City Court on Saturday. Hawkers' licences were granted to Johann Schluter and Kin Chung respectively. There was. no other busi ness. '' Northcott's Band.—Tho secretary writes to tho effect that'the reason Northcott's Volunteer Band did not perform on tho Shamrock balcony on Saturday evening as announced was on account of the death of a gentleman residing there. Gkelong Races.—The last day's racing of tho Gcelong Club's summer meet took place on Satur day under favorable conditions. A Herald tele gram gives the following results Barwon Plate. —Second lving, 1; Ebony, 2. Mares' Produce Stakes.—Lo Grand (O'Brien), 1; Little Sister (Williamson), 2. The Selling Stakes, - Kohinoor (Sanders), 1; Westbury (Burton), 2; Hill Talk (Crackncll), 3. Geelong Handic p.—Ferryman, (Sandors), 1; Linda (Hales)2; Wheatmeat(Power), 3\. Steoplechase.—Moonlight (Hill), 1; Tandstickor (.Tas. Kildulf), 2; Australian Court (Scobio), 3. Stewards' Purse.—Precious Stone (Burton), 1; Belle Brandon (Sanders), 2. Royal Princess Theatre.—Tho pretty opera " La Poricholo" underwent its second representa tion at tho Theatro last evening, and the samo evenness and brilliancy of rendering attended its production as distinguished tho premier per formance on Wednesday evening?. Miss Emilie Melville, who_ sustained, as a matter of course, tho role of La Perieholo, has seldom appeared to better advantage. The solo " O dearest believe" and duet "The gallant Muleteer," wero both given with brilliance and skill, and the quaint positions and half concealed humor which distinguish tho piece received an apt rendering in her ablest stylo. Piquillo, next in importance, is an interesting personage, and Mr. Charles Harding acquitted his part in an admirablo manner. His best efforts wero in the Rondos " Behold this woman" and " Thoy wanted mo to be a villain," both of which were greeted with encores long and loud. Don Andres was fairly interpreted by Mr. Edward I Farley, while tho subordinate parts were given well. To-night tho well-known opera "Fatinitza" will be given as tho farewell performance of tho company. Classification ok the Civil Service.—In a, supplement to tho Government Gazette of the 25th .January is published a list of tho classified officers of the Civil Sorvico. Victorian Railways.—The bye-laws issued by tho Board of Lands and Works, including the rules and regulations of tho Victorian Railways, havo been published in a supplement to the' Government GazUtc of Friday, 2oth January. They occupy over 200 pages of foolscap. Railway Employes and the Press.—One of tho first orders of the Railway Commissioners (says tho I/cra'il) was to issue a circular prohibiting the employes giving any information to the Press. In future such particulars as they choose to give are to come through tho secretary. Such a circu lar was quite unnecessary, as the officials were never over communicative to the Press; neverthe less, tho reporters obtained all tho news they desired, and we suppose will in future. THE Ordnance Board.—A report of the board 