SELECT POETRY, THE CLOSING SCENE. 'gnthin the sober realms of leafless trocs, Tiio russet yoar iulmlori tho dreamy air ; Jjio souio tanned reaper iu his hour of ease, When oil tho Add fiaro lylnf? brown and bare. 3fce prey barns looking from their hazy hills, O'er tho dun waters widening in tho rales, Bent down tho air a eroding to tho mills, Od the dull thunder of altcrnato flails. jni glghta wero mellowed and til sounds Fubducd, The hill" seemed farther and tho streams tang low, As 1" a dream tho distnnt woodman hewed His winter log with many a muttied blow. The embattled forests, erowhito armed with gold, The banners bright with every martial hue, How dtood like somo sad, beaten host of old, Withdrawn atur In time's remotoet blue. Ou sombre wings tho vulture tried his flight ; The dove scarce heard ids sighing mate's complaint ; And, like a star slow drowning in the light, Tbu Tillage church roup seemed to pale and faint. The sontiuel cock upon the hillside crow- Crew thrice—and all mis stiller than before. Silent, till somo replying warder blow His alien born, and tlicn was heard no more. Where erst the jay within tho elm's tall crest. HeuIo garrulous troublo around her iiutlcdgod young: And where the orialo hung her swaying nest, Dy every light wind like a censer swung ; Where sang the noisy martins of the eaves, The busy swallows circling over near, Foreboding as tho rustic mind believes, Au early hurvest ami a plenteous year ; Where every bird tlkit walked the vernal feast Shook tbc sweet slumber from its wings at uiorn, To warn the roapor of tbc rosy cast- All now was sunless, empty and forlorn. Alone, from out tho stubble, piped tho quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom ; Alono, the pleasant drumming iu the vale, Hade echo In tho distant Cottage loom There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowers ; Tne spiders wove thoir thin shrouds night by night, Tbc tbislle down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by— passed noiselessly out of sight. Amid ail this— in the most dreary nir. And vvhero the woodblno shed upon Uio porch It crimson leaves, as if tho year stood there, Firing tho floor with ita invortcd torch. 4mid all this— the centre of tho scene, Tbc white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Hied tho swift wheels, and with her joyless mien Sat like a fate und watched the flying thread. Sho had known sorrow — ho had walked with her, Oft suppod, and broke with her tho Ashen crust, And In tho dead leaves stifl alio beard the stir Of his thick uantlc trailing iu the dust. ' While yet bcr cheek was bright with summer bloom Her country1 summoned and. sho gavo her all, And twico war bowed to bcr his sable plume— He-gave the sword to rust upon Die wall. Bo-gave tho sword, but not the hand that draw And struck for liberty th6 dying blow ; Kor him who,, to his sire aud country true, Fell mid tbc ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the drooping wheel. went on, ' Like the low murmur of a hive at noon ; Long but not loud, the memory of a gone — Breathes through her lips a add and tremulous tuno. At last the thread was snapped— her head wis bowed, Lifo dropped the distaff through her bauds serene, And loving neighbors smoothed bur careful shroud, . While death and winter closed tho autumn scene. . T. IRCIUNAN llim 