MISCELLANEA. The Brisbane Cambrian Society will hold a meeting at the T.M.O.A. rooms at 8 o'olook this evening. ; The Hose of the Hill lodge, P.A.F.S.O.A., will hold its meeting on Thursday at 7.30 p.m , in consequence of the opening of the Exhibi tion on Wednesday. The steamer Pearl will leave Birkbeok's wharf at 9 o'olook to-morrow morning for Wo: dy Point, calling at Lytton and Queensport. Special excursion trains will run between Ipswich, Brisbane, and Bowen Park on Wednes day and Thursday next. A publio meeting will be held in the Ithaca' Creek Wesleyan Churoh on Friday next at 8 p.m. to consider the necessary steps to be taken to proouro a State school for the neighbour hood. The Hon. A. Butlodge will preside. A dramatio company announcing the appear ance of a ghost will play on the National Asso ciation Ground during the Exhibition. The shareholders of the AlbertSporU Ground Company who are desirous of exorcising their rights of free admission to the ground at the intercolonial football matches, mutt produce their cards of membership. Tub STANLBr-siEBBT Wbslkxan Bans o? Hops. — The above temperance society held their monthly meeting in the Wesleyan Ohuroh, Woolloongabba, last evening. Thore being, as usual, a very large attendance. The Bev. H. Wiles presided, and opened the meeting with singing and prajcr. The prooeedingB were of a varied and exceedingly interesting character, consisting of temperanoo dialogues and recita tions given by' the young people, members of the sooioty, in a very oroditablo manner. There was some very good singing at intervals. Stir ring addrosaeB in behalf of the cause of total abslineDoewere delivered by the Bev. J. Stewarti Mr.W. Hawkes, Mr.Standring,andtheohairman. The last numod gentleman also gave a reading. Tho addresses abounded in touohing incidents, showing the evils and consequences resulting from intemperance, and the danger to the young from the growth of habits formed early in life. Miss 'frueman- ably presided at the harmonium. There was a distribution to the members and the audienco of tb,o 'British Workman' and 'Band of Hope Boview,' these periodicals being greatly prized by the juvenile members. A successful and profitable meeting was conoluded with a hymn, and the benediotion pronounced by tho Bev. H. Wiles. 