NORTH-EASTERN RAILWAY EXTENSION. We greatly fear that our hopes of jailway extension in these districts will l>e overlooked, so far as the next Bill iB concerned. But that is no reason "why we should cesse pushing our Claims on the attention of the Govern ment. We fully admit the difficulties Of Mr Gillies's position. With so many calls upon him for railway com munication with promising part's of the country yet untapped, with so many pledges placed on record by Mr Bent, and with such comparatively small means at his disposal, we must be Content to wait for a more favorable opportunity. But we must not allow our rights or our arguments to be for gotten. There are two lines in the North-East — namely, the Upper Murray and Upper King extensions— which especially demand the consi deration of the Minister, from the num ber of people they would serve, from the extent and fertility of the regions they would open up, and from the admitted fact that they would pay, from the first. First, let ns consider a branch 3K>m the main line to the Upper Kinp. We do not desire to dismiss, as un deserving of notice, the suggestion that such a line should ran from Moyhu to Glenrowan ; but we do pro test against the absurdity of asking the Government to make the junction at a lower point on the rine, say at Winton, Or still worse at Banalla. Because, as io either of the latter, it would involve Crossing Futter's Range at some point near Greta, with gradients heavier than ihose on the main line at Glenrowan, and would run for miles parallel to that line, and at a distance from it of f >ur miles, or less. With reference to Glen rowan-, we have pointed ont, in compar ing it with a branch starting from "Wangaratta that although it would in volve the construction of less line, by five or six mi'flB, it would cost more, without any adequate compensation as to the number of persons served, or the probable gain to the traffic in agricultural produce. It cannot be denied that the country through which the Glenrowan line would pas9 is more of a pastoral than an agricultural character; that it would entail the purchase of at least Some land, and th3t the last four miles towards Glaurowan would be very ex pensive in construction, by having to cross the Filtaen Mile Creek, with its swamps, and then enconnter the spurs from Futter's Range — that is, supposing It to be made in a very nearly dead Straight line, and in the distance spoken , namely 11 miles. We need not say that the rise from the Fifteen Mile Creek to Glenrowan — entailing, aB it would, a gradient of 1 in 50 — means greater working expenses in perpetuity. On the other band, a line from Wangaratta to Moybu might be made nearly the whole way along the main road, with the pur chase of a few aeres only hero and there. It would skirt Oxley along the whole length of that productive agricultural area. It would he a dead level from Btart to finish, with a single insig nificant .bridge over Cropper's Creek, and it would connect the Upper King with its natural local outlet at Wanga ratta. With regard to the assertion (hat it would compel the Upper King people and their produce to go four miles extra io Wangaratta, if proceeding to Mel bourne, and then ten more to Glen rowan,. we have only to say. that the argument cuts both ways. For, would not the Glenrowan route compel' any Upper King peeple, travelling to or deal ing with Wangaratta, Beechworth, Wahgunyab, Bright or Albary, with all of which places Oxley and the Upper King have trade relations, to go or send their prodnce ten miles round, in order to reach their destination? And, from our point of view, it is simply suicidal for country people to encourage centralisation, by making Melbourne what the Americans call " the hnb of all creation," We coffie now to the still more important 'extension, towards the Upper Murray ; but we shall not weary Our readers by again going over all the arguments we have urged in favor of that line being made from Beechworth, through Yackandandalj and Kiewa. We bare not only admitted, bat- we have suggested, eome of the difficulties in the way of this undertaking. "Our con tention has always, bfeen that the' ad vantages possessed "byj the Beechworth Tchte over any oiher far outweigh the objections. Moreover, while such a line would open dp Victorian territory, a branch from the Upper Murray to Wodonga would be playing into the bands Of New South Wales— to which. fact the Alhury people are folly " alive. We also believe that such- a result; " although it was not urged by- the recent Beechwotth and Yackandandah deputation, "cannot bave escaped the attention of sokeen and experienced in administrator ' bb Mr Gillies, to ;yvhom, hqwever, we com mend its consideration. Finally, this annst be remembered, that if either the JJeechworth ."or the Wangaratta people allow these important matlerB to take care of themselves, the. advocates of the rial lines will assuredly take advantage "of their indifference. Beechworth Police Court. — On Mon- day, before Messrs Telford and Gammon, J.P.'s, Emily Collins was charged with insulting behaviour in a public place in Beechworth, on Saturday night. Con- stable Lynch, who arrested the accused, stated that her conduct was most disgrace- ful ; she was under the influence of drink, and soliciting prostitution. Accused stated that she had two glasses of beer, and did not recollect anything afterwards until she found herself in the lock-up. The Bench fined her 40s, or one month in gaol. Quarry Besebye. — The following site fier a quarry has been withheld from sale, leasing, and licensing, and excepted from occupation for residence or business under any miner's right or business license : — Five acres one rood twenty-five perches, county of Delatite, parish of Whoroulyl: Commencing at the north angle of allot ment 13d ; bounded thence by that allot ment bearing S. 50 45 W. four chains ; thence by lines bearing respectively N. 39 15 W. twelve chains fifty- eight liuks, and N. 50 45 E. five chains tweny-seven links ; and thence by the road from Oxley to Myrtleford bearing S. 27 0 E- six chains seventy-two links to the point of commencement. Tea-meeting. — The annual tea-meeting to the children of St. Stephen's Chnrch Sunday-school was held in the Town Hall, Rntherglen, on Tuesday afterneon. About seventy children were present, and par took of the good things provided for them, and enjoyed themselves to their hearts content. The Rev. M. T. Moorhouse, incumbent, was present and delivered a short, but eloquent, address, pointing out to the children the many privileges they enjoyed, and exhorting them to be regular in attendance at school, aud attentive to their teachers" instructions. The address was listened to with the greatest attention. After tea a "social" was held by the members of the congregation; but,, owing to the heavy rain falling at the time, it was not so largely attended as it otherwise would have been. However, all present thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Fire. — About six o'clock on Saturday evening the alarm oi fire was given in Rulherglen. The Rutherglen Volunteer Fire-brigade, with their engine, were quickly ou the spot ; but fortunately their services were not required. The cause of alarm was the kitchen chimney of Mr G. Harris, storekeeper; in Main-street, hav ing caught fire, and the flames were seen issuing from the chimney, but did no further damage- The- promptitude shown by the brigade is deserving of great credit, aud argues well for their usefulness, should their services be required, on mere serious occasions. A Fine Pig.— Mr John Ralph, miner, of Hillsborough, last week killed a thirteen months old sow pig, which turned tee scales at 4-331bs. Death of Mr D. P". Keogh.— We re gret to notice the death of Mr D. P. Iveogh, which took place on Sunday lass, at his residence, St. Kilda. Mr Keogh, who was a brother-in-law to the Hon. .7. A. Wallace, M.L.C., came to Beeeh- wortli thirty years ago,, on the opening of the Ovens goldfield, and on the night of hi3 arrival slept in hi& blankets on tie spot where the Albion Hotel, in Ford- street, now stands. In 1877 lie was a candidate for the representation of Benambra in the Legislative Assembly, and was defeated by Mr Peter Wright, the engineer and secretary of the Shire of Towong. He was formerly in occupation at the Quat Quatta station, near Corowa, now the property of the Hon. J. A. Wallace, but of late years bad lived a re tired life at St. Kilda. He was at the time of his death 57 years of age. UST . Embezzlement by a Bank M eb. — At the City Police Court, on Saturday, Hannibal Rowe, the manager of the Corop branch of the Bank of Yictorin, was brought up on warrant, charged with em bezzling the sum of £44, the property of the bank. Defendant, who absconded on the 31st March last, was arrested at the Globe Hotel, in Swan&ton-street; on Friday. He was remanded to appear at Rochester on the 18th inst, ; bail being allowed, in two sureties of £200 each. Christ Church, Beechworth. — The services in the above church oh Sunday- last were conducted by the Venerable Archdea con Tucker, who preached two excellent, practical sermons — in the morning on the subject of Christian charity, and in the evening, from the text "The fool hath said in his heart, There is 110 God." Ow ing to the inclemency of the weather, the congregations were not large. In con nection with the announcement in our last issue that Mr Chas. F. Woolnough, head-teacher of the Silver Creek State- school, was to occupy the pulpit on Sun day, we may state that that gentle- mau had, at the Rev. Canon Howard's request (before the latter left Beech worth), consented to do so ; but the Ven. Archdeacon Tucker, arriving in the town by the midday train on Saturday, with the object of accompanying the Rev. Mr Potter, the newly Appointed incumbent of Trinity Churehre_to Yackandandah, decided, on leatuimfJiie positfou of affairs, to remain and preach the following day. We understand that the arcndeacou pro ceeded to Melbourne on Monday, with the intention of laying tlie matter before His Lordship the Bishop, so that a clergy man may be sent up to conduct the ser vice in the church next Sabbath. Late News by Cable. — The latest news from the Soudan, states Monday's " Tele graph," is to the effect that the Mahdi, at the head of 35,000 men, is marching on Dongola, and that the governor of that place proposes to evacuate the position. Australia has secured the highest academic distinction for the year. Mr William Sheppard, son of Justice Sheppard, of Queensland, has gained the position of Senior Wrangler in the Cambridge -Mathe matical Tripes for 1884. This is the we plus ultra of University honors, and can only be attained after a most crucial and searching te3t-examination. It reflects the highest credit on colonial training that two such men should have gone home from our shores as Mr Alexander,' of Oxford, and Mr Sheppard, of Cambridge. The, establishment' 'of ! women's suffrage has' been deferred in Erigland for the pre sent by. defeat .in the Hohsb of . Commons of Mr Wcaall'fl amendment' upon the Franchise B>11 declaring the advisability of giving cthe .right ttj vote to females. The amendment was rejected by 130 votes, a result!" no doubt, partly due to Mr Glad- stoneV;deelaration that,. had the amend ment hfien'carried, he would not bave been answerable' for ; the Franchise . Bill now beforethq House."' -France -and Morocco werevxeported recently to have -been in danger;, of abrupture, but it has -been ex- plainMJjy the 'French Government' that sijfcli > b" danger has bsen aver ted. The alle»e'd disturbpnce.of the entente eordiale waowiug-to the Sultan haying refused to ; dismiss a Governor a tithe 'request of "the French Government. :jThe subsidising of j agnail service from Germany to India and the Australian coloniesl has met with- the Vsirft approval of Pnnpa Bismarck. The ' qrinsfibn'ftp been referred- to a committee \- \>r the Reich3tag to frajne a report on the subject, : .--"Vb . | a :-r s'-r..-.- . . Professor Simon. — On Friday even ing Professor Simon gave a phrenological entertainment at the Town Hall, Ruther glen ; but owing to the unsettled state of- the weather, and other causes, the atten dance was not nearly as large as it was last time the professor visited Rntherglen. The performance is well worth seeiDg. The Rain at Rutherglen. — Our Rntherglen correspondent writes : — Splen did rains have been falling here during the past week, aud agricultural operations are now being carried on vigorously. On Saturday night and Sundny steady showers continued to fall, with slight iu-- mission. The rain will be of great- benefit t» the farmers aud vignerans ' in this district. Bbthanga. — Our correspondent-writes : — A very successful meeting in connection with the Blue Ribbon Mission was held in the Wesleyan Church, Bethanga, on Friday evening, 6ih inst., Mr C. J. Sparrow in the chair. The. meeting was opened by the choir singing the 253rd hymn. The chairman then stated that the object of the meeting was to lift the tree of drink out by the roots, which he hoped, by perseverance, would be done, and he asked all present to help. Mr Croz- toa gav-9 a readiug. Mr WiboR, who was to have spoken, was absent, and Mr Croxton took his plaeo, stating he was sorry to see so few present ; b»t he hoped, if there wore any among thera who had not " donned the blue," they would come forward1 and sign it that night. A song by Miss Down, a recitatiou by Mc Hall, atul a song by Miss Siiu followed. Mi- Davis made a deep impression on many who wero preseut by his feeling remarks in the cause cf temperance. A song by Mc Giroud and an address by Mir- William Sparrow succeeded. The latter young man speaks as he feels, and of what he lias seen in Sydney and Melbourne. There is nothing f resh in regard to mining, xcept thaSMr Mansfield lias commenced crushing about 20 or 30 tons of ore, to be treated by the chlorine process, which is acting well; and seems to give general satisfaction.. Licenses- Declared Void: — Michael Crawford, 14a lr 3Gp, Dorchap-; Alfred Abrahams, 2a Or 32p, Harrietville > William Lord, 23,000a, grazing: block 121, Yackandandah. The Temora Gold field A telegram from Temora. states that heavy rain- lias fallen there. All the dam3 are full. Denny, Buckley, and party picked' out during the last three days 50oz. of gold. One piece weighed 28t>z. Discovery- of Gold. — Mr bushell, .who lately retired fram business in Chiliern, having sold out to a BaSarat firm, has been lucky enough to find gold in 'liis paddock in Chiitern, says the " Standard." He is now engaged in prospecting- the ground in company with well-known miner named- Skerry. A J. P. Cautioned. — As short time back a scuffie took place at Violet Town, in which Mr Henry liinard, a local justice of the peace, took part, with; .it is said, the intention of separating the combatants. On a constable making his appearance, Mr Linard directed hire to take in charge a man named Thompoon, with whom he was at the time struggling. This the conotabie declined to do, and- summoned the whole of the parties con cerned. As the reputation of a Justice of the Peace was involved, the Crown Al-aw Department directed Mr Bernhard Smith, H. M., to preside at the inquiry, at which the whole of the charges were dismissed; The evidence taken was, however, conflict ing, some of' the witnesses, alleging that Mr Linard was in a state of intoxication at the time he endeavored to seize Thomp son, and others as positivoly denying it. The circumstances have been brought under the notice of the Sclicitor-Gener.ri', who has decided, we learn from the " Herald," that Mr Linard's demeanor on the occasiGn was not of a character befit- ing his office, and has directed that he be more careful in future not to act so an- to bring his office into contempt. The Horsham Bank Robbery. — Dur ing the last few days reports have gained currency that startling disclosures have been made (says the " Wimmera Star") with reference to the- recent robbery from the- local branch f the London Chartered" Bank. Nothing nevs has transpired, and the stories pub lished- are mere inventions. The de tectives, however, are in possession of sufficient information to justify an arrest, but they expect within a few days to obtain certain evidence which . will con siderably strengthen- their hands. The nature of the information expected' by the detectives is. of coarse, of a secret character, aud could not bo published at present. Leases Approved. — James Ross, 109a 30r 25p, Tawanga : James Graham, 312a 3r 32p, Edi ; Jena Petersen, 230a 2r 3p, Cobungra ; Denis. Doyle, 319a Or 35p, Bind: ; Michael Dickins 319a 3r 39p, Boweya ; Richard B. Amery, 320a, Boweya. New Track to-Gmeo.— Residents of the Alpine country around the ©meo, which, is rendered in winter almost impenetrable- by the heavy snowfall, will, the " Herald"' states, be glad. to learn that the police department have received a report to the effect that a new track, which avoids all the high country, and which will be ac cessible at all' seasons, lias, been discovered along the head waters of the Little River, . from Omeo and Cobungra to Bright. Proposed Reduction of telegfaphic Charges. — The Postmaster-General has for some time past had under' considera tion the question of reducing the- charge on telegrams of ten words from la to 6d. Several officers of the Postal Department have furnished Mr Campbell with tbe fullest information on the point ; hut as the proposed reduction woul<3 lead to a great alteration. in the revenue returns, he has decided to leave the question with the Cabinet for decision. He has'conseqnently, says the "Age," forwarded all the papers on the'subject to the Government. Benalla Agricultural Association. — The annual meeting of the Benalla Agri cultural and Pastoral Association was held on Saturday. The balance-sheet showed the receipts to be £879 17s. The expenditure amounted to £SG2 19a, leav ing a credit balance of £76 18s. Mr Evan James, the shire president, was elected president of the association for the ensuing twelve months, and Messrs William Crawford aud Edward Bain vice- presidents. Mr Moore was re-elected secretary. It was unanimously resolved that a two days' show be held during the current year, the dates fixed being the 9th .and 10th October. It was resolved that prize money to the amount of £450 be offered at the forthcoming show, being £50 more than last year. "Murderous Italians. — An attempt to rub and murder occurred in the bush, at Bondi on Saturday, states the Sydney correspondent of the " Telegraph." Two Italians were .together, and .one named Giovanni struck, the other, Carlo Delasso, a blow nu the- hpftd with a hatchet. Delasso seized the tomahawk from Giovanni, and struck, him on the ear, cutting it oft. Both - men were taken to the hospital under the care of- the police. t Banking Matters. — Referring to the promised measure regarding banks, the " Australasian Insurance and Banking Record" reiterates it3 previously expressed opinion, that ." making a bank's note circulation a first charge upon its assets will amply protect the public." It like wise states : — " The banking question is a large one, and entitled to the gravest consideration of Parliament. Even though the necessity be more apparent than real (for the circumstances surrounding the Oriental Bank failure are unique, ex ceptional, and not analogous to those of any other bank in the Australasian colonies, if it were reduced to a like extremity), bankers must still bear in mind that public sentiment favors some change - which will improve the condition of a bank's local creditors, or at any rate prevent such being worse than that of.auy set of creditors elsewhere. There are grounds for believing that currency theorists will seize the opportunity to propound schemes for a national bank and the other familiar stock projecfa for in flating credit/ It will, therefore, we think, be prudeut for bankers to be pre pared with proposals, which-, even though theymay He irksome aud- not "perhaps absolutely necessary, may resenw.. Par liament from the extremes- which may be urged upon it in the name of the people." , The Projected Rifle Club;. — In view ;of the fact that Donald Dinnie, the.clisui- ;pion athlete, will appear in St.. George's ; Hall on Thursday evening,, it has keen -deemed advisable to postpone- the meeting or those desirous of forming a rifle club- in Beechworth, convened for the same date, until the following (Friday) night, at eight o'clock. Since the subject was mooted in our columns it. has been freelyaad favor ably discussed, aud we have no-doubt the attendance in the Town Hall on Friday evening will be- large, aud the- meeting result in the formatiou of a strong rifih corps in the town-.. Independent Church. — The cer.vice3 in- the Independent Church, Beechworth,. have for the past two Sundays been con ducted by Mr James Cunningham. The- Rev-.. Mr Williams, who has accepted the call of the congregation, is expected to- occupy the pulpit'on Sunday, 0th July.. District Fiubs-buigade Demonstra tions: — We learn from the " Ensign" that at a meeting on Wednesday evening of the Benalla Fire brigade, a communica tion wa3 re id from the Beechworth No 1 Brigade, suggesting a meeting of delegates of the various district brigades to - be held in Wangaratta, to consider the question, of having a united district demonstration annually, to be held successively in Beech worth, Benalla, Corowa, Chil tern; Ruther glen, at-id Wangaratta, the first demon stration under the new order of tilings to be held -in Beechworth. On the -motion of Lieutenant Clark, seconded by Fireman Rodger, it was resolved that Captain Bruck attend the meeting as representative of the Benalla Brigade. Captain Brock led those present iio understand that he was nob in favor -cf the abolition ef the local annual demonstrations. If the new idea was adopted, each town would have but one demonstration in five oB.six years. He was -very plain in liis remarks about Beechworth clakaing priority in the matter, which he did not at all approve of, believing that the precedence should be 'decided by lot or opinion that was ge nerally concurred in. Oriental Bans Notes. — A .correspon dent, signing himself " Lost Gold," writes :. — Will you allow me, through your valuable paper, to advise Oriental note-holders to ge; their notes- registered at the proper time and place, as I find I am refused my note dividend. (Provincial and Suburban Bank) through my igno rance of this technicality, . A False Assertion. — Tho- Sandhurst; correspondent of'ttie " Telegraph,"- writing on Thursday, states that the - young man. Abraham Stephens, who assarted that he. had been fired at whilst on duty as engine- driver, at the G.G. Consolidated mine early on Monday morning, has con fessed that it was a concocted story. He had fallen asleep on the boiler, and hear ing the knocking, ran hastily to the engine, .when bte fell and knocked his head against the ironwork. Believing that some serious- da mage had been done in ttie mine,, he made up the story to shield himself:" Mr.Peter. Brown. — Seme time ago, it will be recollected, Mr Beter Brown,, a driver ou the Victorian railways, met with, a bicycle accident on the road: Be tween Stanley and Beechworth, whereby his arm wan badly broken. After being under tlie care of the Beechworth dsotors for a- few weeks, he- proceeded to Mel bourne for surgical treatment, with- the result (says the " Benalla Staudard"))that the injured member is- now nearly, well. It . will, however, be come weeks before Mr-Brown is able to resume work. The Victorian VR'ar Vessels; — The Victorian gunboats, iheVictoria and the Albert, and the torpedo boat Ohildcrs, arrived in Sydney Harbor on Friday night. They are to remain at Sydney to- be re- ' painted, and will probably start for Mel- ibourne about Thursday. According to the " Argus," there is only one other boat like the Childers in the world. St belongs to the Russian Government, and it is a twin vessel to her. Stock Movements. — Ths- following stock is reported ' to have crossed at Tintaldra :: — 7th inst. 63 fat bullocks and cows from North 'We-. laregang, New South Wates, Messrs J. and O. Crowe owners, for- Melbourne ; 9th inst, 12S bullocks &ud; cows from Greg Greg, New South Wales, Mr Richard Kasa owner, for Beechworth aud Melbourne. Parliamentary. —Business in Parlia ment for the current week is likely to be confined to the Legislative Assembly Mr Sargood intended moving the second read ing of the Mining on Private Property Bill in the Legislative Council, but as the measure will not be ready for distribution before the House sit3, that order of the day will have to' be postponed, reports tlie " AiguB.". : In the Assembly the debate on r the address- in reply to the. Acting- Governor's speech will be resumed by Mr A. T.. Clark, and it is confidently expected that it will be concluded before the House rises to-day (Tuesday). The Government propose making a strong effort to bring about 4hat end. - The sessional orders will afterwards be disposed of,- in order that the way. may be cleared for a consideration, of the Convention resolutions, the adop tion of which Mr Service "will move on Wednesday. It is expected that the de bate upon them will not be finished until Thursday. The Australian Eleven. — The tenth match played by the Australian Eleven in England — that against the Nottingham county team — has resulted in another vic tory for the visitors, who won by three wickets. The scoring was not heavy on either side, the wicket being unfavorable for the batsmen, states tho "Argus." Blackham, who played an excellent innings of 46 not out, was mainly instrumental in ohtaining a victorv for his side. The Austilians have now won six and lost three games, -one beinsr drawn. On Holi day -they were to commence a match against the Cambridge University- eleven. Presbyterian. —The Rev. Mr Were, of Williamatown, a talented and eloquent preacher, conducted divine service iu the Presbyterian Church, Beechworth, in the absence, in Melbourne, of the Rev. J. G. Mackie, pastor of the church, on Sunday last... \- Accident. — A Chinaman was admitted to the Ovona-.Diatrict Hospital about eight o clock, on Monday night, suffering from, injuries to the head aud legs, sustained by. having been . knocked down an'd.rnn over by a buggy driven by a boy along the' Stanley-road, near the Chinese Gamp, at half- past six o'clock _ that evening. .The extent of the injuries could not bar ascer tained on Monday -night ; hut they are not believed-? to fee serious. On visiting the hospital at eleven o'clock, to make inquiries, -- we found the patient sleeping quietly. A Serious Charge. — Acting on infor- mation received, Detective Duncan, of Benalla, and Constable Orr, of Euroa, on Monday arrested an old man named William Maguire on a charge of polluting land be- longing to a widow named Ellis, residing at Balmattum, reports the "North- Eastern Ensign." The alleged offence took place on the night of the 19th May, when about three acres of fallow land were sown with tares, camomile, larkspur and other noxious weeds. Accused, who appears to be upwards of sixty years of age, was lodged in the Euroa lock-up. On Wed- nesday he was brought up before Messrs McGuiness and Birkett, J.P.'s, at the Euroa Police Court, and formally re- manded till the 18th inst. Bail was allowed. The accused, it may be re- membered, at the Benalla County Court, about twelve months ago, sued Mrs Ellis, the widow in question, for the recovery of the sum cf £209 15s, for money lent and work done. The defence was that Maguire had been living with, the defen- dant as her husband, and that when he re- ceived an intimation that his marital offices were no longer required, he, for spite, brought the action. Plaintiff, after suf- fering a considerable brow-beating, con- sented to a nonsuit. A deal of interest attaches to the present case, but a pretty general opinion prevails that it will be difficult to sheet home the offence, which is of so serious a nature as to merit severe punishment. > A Youthful Novelist. — It ia-not gene rally known tha t the eldest daughter of the present Lord jbylton has taken tip the .jfaraily pen, and although oniy fourteen .or fifteen years of age, has already printed for private circulation one of the must blood curdling ghost stories that lias seen the light for many a long day.. Messrs Longman wou'd have published it in their .magazine had it not been that it was rather longer than their space would allow of; but tthe idea of curtailing the story, was- ibdff- nantly repudiated, so it has been placed in the hands of a few privileged friends ex actly as the juvenile authoress wrote it tl'own. She inherits a vast store of' talent from both sides of the house,. and we shall look forward to her public appearance in the rank of authoresses whb a great amount of curiosity. , Russian Newsi-apers. — Notwithstand ing the severe measures of repression adopted with regard to the Press in Russia, it appears that in St. Petersburg- the number of newsvendors is 520,- and in the public thoroughfares alone about 19, 000 copies of newspapers are daily sold; , Salvation Army Battl33:— According to information received from Switzerland at the headquarters of the Salvation Ariny, Qlueen Victoria-street (says the "Times" of April 26), the apparent indifference of the authorities in the matter of the attack made uoon Swiss Salvationists recently at St. Aubin hae- emboldened ' roughs in- the canton of Neuehatel to behave very violen tly towards members of the.- army. Nightly jhave the Swiss Salvationists been severely beaten ; but though many have been seriously injured the "soldiers" have, 'nothing daurtfed,- continued to hold ser- 'vices within dbor's and also in the open air. Individual members have been waylaid, thrown downandthe metal " SY'eutfrem .their coats. The attack made upon a- meet ing held in a building at Neuveville is thus described : — " Tee meeting had scarcely commenced when huge atones came crash- ling upon the barricaded windows. The fusilade boeame heavier, and the heavy wooden barriers outside were smashed to piecc-s. S»;in the barricades inside th window sills gave way before the huge stones and fell with a crash into the streets below. The doors of the two inner >ooms were immediately taken off their hinges and used as»barricades. .being nailed up with cros-'-barsbuteveu this diduotsnffice. Some stalwart '-skeletons' below hurled immense stones — o!i which three weighed about 6lb. each — with such fores that, although our hall was-on the second slorv, and at a con siderable elevation above the staeet, they burst in -these new barricades. This mis chief was, however.. speedily remedied, and notwithstanding that the bombardment lasted until 3 in the morning the stones whichisntered the -hall fortunately did no personal injury beyond wounding one of the female Salvationists on the he-d." At :St. Aubin — the scene of receat violence — meetings are still being held in barns bv the mountain side. The wounds inflicted- upon severaL of the "soldiers" nearly proved fatal. A young Salvationist had his wurkroom broken into and his tools stolen l'hs windows of his bedrocra were smashed, the glass falling- upon the bed where no lay, and the :oom was afterwards deluged with water. Sixty francs were offered® to whoever couM seize him at nighr, throw ihim into the lake, or gise him a good beat- ling; and -t-aing chased five times, he- was obliged to- conceal himself iu order to- save his life. The SiANSEll Claim. — The following information in reference to the auriferous reefs now being wosked at the 1S60 and 2000 feat level, Mr„ George Lansell's 180 claim at Sandhurst, has been furnished to the "Bendigo Independent," and is stated by that journal to come from, a reliatde source: — " The reefs are more or less of a rotten nature, and require rather close timbering in working. The reef at 1660 feet has been worked'north and south front one extremity of the lease to the other, ami have squared up on both boundaries. To the south at the .North Old -Chum boundary it is about 9 feet wide and north wards, adjoining the Victoria Quartz, is fully. 12 feet wide, and with strong, well defined walls. It will beromembered that, many years back, the latter claim; the Victoria Quartz, paid very good dividends from its shallow workings, but' as . they wenk down togr eater depths thegoluseemed to run out, or, at least, to have proved unpayable. They appeared to dip east,, and the shaft passed through it at 900 feet. Probably tliia is the same re.ef which: was ont in the ' ISO' at the grater depth, and there contained a payable' run' of gold, so that it should only prove a matter of depth for the Victoria Quartz to get - the same - payable run. The upper reef in Lansell's llO dips very fast south, and that at 2040 feet at the bottom is of the same character, and, iE anything, richer. Our' informant states that tho gold shows very froely, and he estimates the reef should run frnm 3 oz. to4 oz. per ton.withoutpicking. .Between the 1660 feet and bottom levels several crosscuts were put in east and west, and, insomecaee3, though cutting "the walls, no quartz was to be met with. We are also informed that Mr. Lansell purposes sinking another 1000 feetr and intends- employing picked men at . the work at .an increased wage, said to be £3 per.;week." 