FATHER FOGARTY'8 FRONT TEETH A, MY8TERY, 'BY ROBERT. P. WHIT WORTH." Ys don't believe in ghosts at all, then," said host Began, as we sat round the huge fire in his comfortable hostelrie in Ileechworth, one cold dirty night last Jane. 'She day had been a wild and stormy one, as is frequently the case in winter in that elevated locality, and we, a party of five, were glad to be sheltered within the hones, listening to the wind that came in shrieking gusts round tho corners, and the heavy swish and patter of the rain on the window panes. In ace ird with the character of the night, the conversation had taken a dismal cud dreary tone, aboau aci dents, murders, bushranging and the like, and had at last drifted off into the subject of disembodied spirite. Some one, I forget whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief in such rubbish, as ho called it. Hence Host Regan's question. "'I; for one, don't," I said. "I don't be lieve a word of it, neither in 'ghosts, nor g~aouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw head and bloody bones, nor an7 of the crew, any more than I do in Jack the Giant Killer or Little Red Riding Hood." "Well now," said Host Began, emitting a contemplative whiff, ' I'm not so eartain about that. To be sure I never seen a ghost meself,but I've known thim aehas,or said they had. Father Doolan, of my parish, used to teal us it was all nonsense, but my old granny, rest her sowl, said many's the time she heard the sereech of the banshee, and ' een her too wanet, a woman in white, wring ing her hands, that faded away like the mist. 1-couldn't say for sartain, but if it wasn't a ghost or a sperrit that was in Father Fogarty'sefront teeth, what was it ?" "Father Fogarty's front teeth," we ejacu lated in surprise. " Ah, maybe ye never heerd the story. It was a most mystarious affair, but I'll tell it And so Host Regan, who was a droll fun. loving Irishman, ceremoniously re-filled his pipe, and not without a merry twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told us the story of ather Fogarty s front teeth. "It was a good many years ago whin I was on the Rooky River diggings in New South I Wales. Thim was the rough times, and i many and many's the divil's own motions I i seen on that same Rocky River. It was about 185116 whin I was working there, and i there was maybe about six or seven hundred t min on the field. It was alluvial sinking, s shafts and tunnels mostly. Well, some o' c the diggers was quiet enough, but some was r the divil's own bye entirely. t " Therewas a party of me own counthry- r men, barrin they were from Tipperary and I v was from Wexford, workin' at a place down the river called Kennedy's Creek, about fifty e of them there were, and at another place Ii called Mount Welsh, on the other side of t Post Office Gully, was about as many Ulster sofl from Donegal. I "These had all kem out in the same ship, t and had got quarrelling on boord, and if it e wasn't that the captain had kep 'em below t turn about, there'd ha' been murdher aboard aind worse. t " Anyhow there they wor, about a couple of r miles apart, and kep' up the black blood feud n beohune 'em, and if it wasn't for the rest of q us who wanted pace and quietness, and kep' y 'em down by sheer strenth of numbers, there'd lea' been no livin' there. Even then I doubt b if we'd have been able to keep ordher if it i wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty. tl "Oh, Father Fogarty, ye wor a jewel of a w praste intirely. Father Fogarty was the t clargyman of the disthrio', stationed at Armi. tl dale, but most of his time he spint on the diggings, by rason of havin' to move about T from one place to another on the river, about b thirty-five miles in all. He was a tall burly 5 man, with the reddest nose I ever seen on s mortial man, and two black eyes as bowld as Pt a hawk's. He kem to keep - ordher on the of field, and, by the hokey, he done it. He hi praohed pace and goodwill amongst us, and he practised it - wid a horsewhip. He P was kind and patient wid us all - till his e 'es began to glisten, and his red nose be to twitch, and then, tare and ages, but it was Fi look out for squalls. We were all, every man m Jack of the seven hundhred of us rough 5s diggers, afeard of him, Irish, English, and th Scotch alike. He'd the soft word and the th civil word for everybody, ontil lie was put th out, sad then-phillilool He'd a heart as elf soft as butther, and a fisht like a horse's hoof. le'd tell us our juty in a way would vii bring the wather into our eyes, and persuade cx usto do it with a thick stick. To the sick or the shuck man he was a lamb; to the idle, un the desolute, and the blasphemer, a raging bu lion. 'Shawn Brady avick,' I heard him say mi one day to a big Galway fellow that was an always quarrelling and fighting, 'come here elc till 1 spake to ye. What's all this I hear about ye? Yo've not been sober for a week, ful lightin' and creatin' a rookawn day and night ha all the time, and the language you use I it. Holy Br1iget, it's athrocious. What have ye an to say for yourself?' Brady stood sheepishly he fingeting the bri.o of hiin caum't', atc: :- nl tercul ao'ecthing a; out haviug 'the dhi., iii. The dhrop in is it? The di:ro5, in :'' he P roared, 'it's rho dhrop that'll 'til, yer somal th to eternal perdition, ye grurincu.e, ye omild t Yawn; anti you not douo a sti oice of work since last veaehlti' up, and yo'ir odld father OP t nd m.inuthsr at Om it 'ore without the bite or tL the sup for all t'en Cre, ye 'teitifuil, black hearted vdaeb ir-. :.now in. Dy tide antd ie by that I'll puii InC .:r'ee bethmne us, and aI thrash ye tll..;i n. four bones ache. Down ýIe ea your lknese' sit, :,nd pronlec -oar prasto to , eonduat vut'isoj u ek a damsonb y, or by the wotiasl 'fido ','hat I any;' e .Jlrady done li \- :and thbt. :.'tiskd away like a whipped d n': ound..-". 81Sillfor rii t:,i'd ;ae tie as one night fay, to sat th poin.n 5t ii ab~ie :~ it would be a las had day uls 'auy one wo o i.. laid a finger an i-os 5.1.t Ic t'sutkin't 151: ho; awn part, end 5i would t. ia, I: 5550.. ary 'lii bully of ths I sanup citbe Urns was s. great big ],ankie, whod& bean a cultier, and who was ap srrfot dth giant In strength ar., beutalli (mu Fad Fatherlioisirty-, hearin' erow in lick "a' Shoel, Point so, and tound thh 2: t la vi N tooeetonigain usa. 'L'hs're wait thig hi, rllov, 'CON hit1Jill Clco4 iron liep' thee hs'i*ity, 'yI use haue . ads amm Ihslei ts'td a loewti."r pot ve him dhrink, and two -,t)?'c pull him awry. ' - ;'' s Father Fogarty; "'other's eon of 'e,' b door. The aed round and t little chap, said Father x". - twitching dan S "'A n do that for thee noather,' said the Lankle, with an oath. The reply a-as a stinging out aeroes the cheek with his hr"eswhip. "The Lankie quitted his holt and rushed at Father Fogarty 'with the roar of a mad r- bull. But the praste waan't to ho caugtt like I that. Thei shock wy tf rrible 'srin they riet, but what the Lenik- hi. ;n tar:::.. Tether Fogarty had in cpse^,, lie gave bine the inside crook, anJ te =rant wint down w th a crash that shook ti e r fthlshe; thin atilly dhragging out ,ho iu..uihl form by the heels, he ehir,d it into th. muddy gutther. 'Tell that i. :gyardi,' Le said to some passers by, 'wwhin he couies to himself, that if he wants any more to come to Father Fogarty.' But it seemed he didn's want any mote, for he carefully avoided the praete for weeks, and swas cven, after he had left the Boeky, heard to express his admiration for him. 'That theer Father Fogarty.' he would say, ''sre summat bike a pa'ae m, he wur. By tvow, he're the only soon at ever gradeiy fettlet T Lankio Sam, an' choce it.' As I've said, every mother's son on the field had a howl, terror of Father Paul Fogarty's horseawhap, and it was a soight worth Icoloin' at to see sometimes on a Mon day, for he'd ginerally come from Armidale on a Monday, whin a lot o' the fellows who hadn't turned to would be dlirinkin, an' risin' T- a rookawn in the camp, would see his bony white horse cumin' over the rise. The word was sic in a minute, and you'd die laughin' to see it score or two of big, brawny follows renhin' away to their boles like rabbits into id their w-srrens. in " How and ever, this has nothing to do wid ne Father Fogrrty's front teeth. As I told en ye before, there' was it party of about he fifty 7 ips. working 'at Kenncdy's Creek, and nd about the same number of Donegal men at ad Mount Welsh, and there was black bitter at hlood hecbune 'em. Well for one thing or ra, eanother they'd had bits of scrimmages beshune on shem, but nethin' to hurt, beside a becoin he : head or so, until early one Saturday moruin', ad Mijther White, the warden, and a fine dacent .l- usan he wee, kean , me on the quite, an' air ro, he; 'Began,' see he, * I know your'e a quite of dacent law abidin' citizen.' 'Its proud I am ;et this day to hear you say so, sir,' sic I. 'Now,' in sic he, 'look at here. The escort has gone to tat Sydney, and I'm left here with only one con stable. I'm inforrumed that the Tips beyant ýe. are coming in a body, after washin' up to-day or to attack the Donegal min, an' I want you to is, help me to prevint it.' 'But sir,' sic I,' what of would I do to prevint it, and beside that if nt they want to fight it out let 'em, we'll have no pace till they do, and thin again, I wouldn't a like to spoil sport.' 'I'm as fond of a bit of in harmless sport as you are Began,' says he, ast 'but this means bloodshed, murder, robbery, ey the camp burned over our heads maybe. Wall to you help me to prevint it?' 'I will, sir,' sic I, Id 'if you'll tell me how.' 'Come up to the police ne camp,' sic ha, 'I'll have a horse saddled for td you on the other side the hill, then ride to g- Armidale as if the divil was afther ye, and it. bring Father Fogarty back with ye. Faith a he's worth a whole army of throopers. Save er yer horses at Uralla and 'some in through the bush to the back of the camp, so that nobody a. '11 see ye. An' may be we'll have some fun yet.' 'I'll go bail we will, sir,' sic I, 'faix I It can fancy I see them all souttherin' whin his it riverence's red nose is to the fore.' " Well, I wint, and soon covered the twelve a. miles. I found the praeste just sittin' down to is his brexwust. is "'Save yer riverence,' sic I. ýt "'Save ye kindly,' sic he, 'sit down and take a snack.' is "But whin I tould him my arrant, you h should have seen him. His ayes fairly blazed, d and his red nose twitched up and down like I a jaclc-jumper. ' "Oh I the blackguards, the vagabcnee. d Mona soon diavul. Heaven be beehuna us d and evil, if I don't break every bone in heir skins. Not a thraneen do I care for the best r of them. Oh I I'll throunce 'em. Oh! the s roarin', eshamin', thievin' osmadhoun.. Oh I the curse of Cromwell-Holy Bridget grant me patience-the poor benighted hathens I where's my whip ? S" We were back before noon, having left V our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Dangar's i a lagoon, and done the remaining two miles f through the bush. Father Fogarty was en. r sconced in the police camp unobserved, where 1 I left him fretting and fuming like a caged tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, t save by my mates, to whom I made some r thrilling excuse. I "I could not help laughing and chuckling to meself, as I pictured to meself the total I rout of the contending armies, but wisely said I I nothin' to my mates whin they axed me what I I was I laughin' at, except, * Wait a bit, maybe t ' yell see some fun soon.' I At about two o'clock we knocked off, and by three the camp was pretty full of diggers t from all parts of the river, and I noticed that I the Tips had all come armed wid sticks, a while in many of their jumpers were bulges E that towld tales to me of that fearful weapon, e the "stone in a stocking." 1 "At about four o'clock the ruction began. The Tips, who had formed themselves into a body just above the police camp, raised a l sudden yell, and rushed forward with af shower of stones to annihilate their unpre. r pared foes, when the gate opened wide, and t out marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in hand. "'Howly mother,' cried someone, 'it's the praste I ' "I've heer'd tell that whin Boney lost the c battle of Watherloo, he said something in A Frinch that manes 'the divil take the hind. I most.' * Well, it was just that. Ye never t seen such a scatther. Up the hill, and down a the road, into the bush, and into the river, hi they fled, with the victorious praste dhrivin' the vanquished inimy before him, lashin' and I eleshin' at tham for dear life. "'*Ye murtherin' thaves ! ye graceles villains I ye rapparees I I'll tache ye; I' 0 excom- Howly Bidpup, bet's bat ?' ci " Bat, or that, as ho meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at him, a hut which had sibruck him clane in the mouth, knocking out two of his front teeth, and completely puttim' a full shtop to his ( elostuence. "lHe roared, he yelled, he spat out mouth. fuls of blood and teeth, lhe danced, he torehis hair, lie threw down his hat and jumped on it. i niver seen a man in such a tearmn' rage, and what made him ton times worse was that he couldn't talk so as to make himselU h inodherstood* o1 -"'01shf you burbaerib poumbibs, be purp of gi 1'ombib-UII I on1 I all I " I need hardly say the fun was over for ee that day. Father Fogarty was led back to tl the police camp amid respectful silence, the y, opposing forocs were routed, but the haro of oc the day was disabled. t "Av coorse ho couldn't perform mass the a next day, as not only was his mouth swollen if and his lip cut, but the loss of his teeth ren" ki tlered him incapable of articulation. Some at of the townspeople laughed when they heard s 'f the accident, but as ho was generally well be liked, a subscription was soon rane to send him down to Sydney and get artiflial teeth in. be But here a now difficulty stood in the way. Elo positively refused to go. It was bad enough w, to be laughed at there, but to mako himself a R, laughing stock to the graceless people of qt Sydney, he couldn't and he wouldn't. Be. l, sides, as he said, re Do peppard's plapo wab wib hip plop.' of F'Fortunately, or unfortunately, just at wa this time, a dintist, a poor one, but still a sw dintist came up to Armidale, and to him wint m Father Fogarty for relief from his woes, ap Now in thim days artificial teeth were not so common, especially in such out of the way W -a u go ' .saul "&suaaeayf; tpsast." , ib o " pl csee as the_._ .-"Q;br «o. are now, and thisn;s be ss ; in the way of takin' out teeth than putting ,' them in. But the case was urgent, and e prompted by the prospect of good pay, the d diatist undertuk to supply the missing in. o eors. He had no teeth unless he onuld g t them at second hwnd fnm some decd r body, and that was b ..ly practicable, not " harl he any ivory to roail. them of, unless int deed a billiard bail, or, happy thought-yes, lhe had it. There was a spare pair of d r' { the bar of the hotel where he ethayld, an 1 these he would manufacture the teeth. landlord gave them up to hit I enough, remarking at the time thu n; .: I all th Ot was left by Jack Adam, ha died on the Rooky three months before, p ripresented a grog score of four pounds which Juch lefs owing. As thegrog 'oo. pane the dice mitht as well go after i tl ey were loaded anyhow. But little use as the dice vre . they came in admirably for rat ter ftnt teeth. They were crn down, poli' fitted nicely on a ponli jilatt, and once tc.' Fattier Fugatty rejoiced in perfect whie 1 cown front teeth, more white and teen, to i the tbroth, than the originals had been. To dir:tdM was hippy. for he had hewn paid ho bill. leather Fogarty war happy, bekaee 00 could telk an 1 ate once more like a reaone ic Christian, and his parieliloners were he1pfy bekase their pa ithor wt s again able :o 'ras to them, or maybe seowld tham. "Now here the ebtory a, r hatter-of-fait j ebtory inds, but here comes 1' the mystatiort part of it. Father Fogarty, worthy man, w not exactly ao aecetir. He had rlnayi 'ili his tumbler of punch going to bed, and mayr his drap of whiekey on a cowld wet day, draw of the pipe, and maybe a quite rubbr whist, or a hand at spoilfive or eribbuge v a friend in an evenin'. His language out the pulpit had occasionally been a li sthrong, but niver such as could well be to e exception to, except by the;very faetiguons. L'; now all this was changed. iHs felt an une countable and unconquerable longing wh c grew ethronger and ethronger on him ev day, to visit the billiard roomne at the V lington or the Freemasons Perhapo tIe was no great harrum in that, but whin kem to betting on sthrokas, makin' one pool, and talkin' the slang of the gne, grew noticeable. Thin, again, he seemeds fall unconsciously into the habit of shmokino cigars, and even pipes, not only there, but iin the public sthreete. He played Ion, and once startled the frequenters of a public bhr 'b pronosin' a little flutther at hazard for fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what was it? He couldn't tell. He was sorely exercised in his moind. He knew quite well what he was doin', and yet for the life of him he couldn't help it. He fought against the infatuation, but it seemed to to overmashter him complately. "But matchers grew worse and worse. One Sunday while servin' mass he shoandalised his congregation by suddenly announoin' that he would 'back the field, bar one.' There was a dead silence, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with the evil spirit, for surely it was an evil spirit that had taken possession of l him, but ere long his flock were still more scheandalised by hearing him aesever with a terrible oath that he would 'go a level pony on the little chestnut fily Ganymede.' Some of the congregation ria and left at this sacri. I lege, and the poor praste bowed his head to t his pulpit cushions, and wept. Thim who re Smainedlookedpityinglyontheirbelovedpaetor, who, afther a pause, rme and said-" My chil dren, you are astonished, no doubt, hut no more than I am, at my sthrange conduct; but you must see that I am either goin' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you evens on either single, or five to one on the double evint. Bring in the bones-half a-crown in, and the winner shouts.' "These last extraordinary words were wrung from him in agony, as the beads of sweat on his brow plainly showed, and after utterin' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lewd and profane exclamations. Men turned pale with terror, and women shrieked, some fainted, as rising from his knees he shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, 'And now I'll shake any one in the crowd for drinks all round.' "Clearly Father Fogarty was mad-stark, starin', ravin' mad. Or was it possible that the devil still had power on earth to enter into the human frame and utter blasphemies like these. "He was led to his house by some of his sorrowing flook, and a message despatohed off to Maitland, where his superior was, inform ing him of the sad occurrence. Another clargyman was slnt up, but Father Fogarty grew worse. The language he used was somethin' awful to hear, and the docthor could do nothin' for him. "The heart-felt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of every other congregation, for ho was well liked by all, were offered up, but in vain. "He was sinsible enough, and, poor man, knew well, too well, what he was doin'. His heart was bruk. Yes, he was possessed of a devil that would not, and sould not be driven out. "But one day, as he was rampagin' as usual, talkin' about horse ramin' and sock fightin', and gamblin', and all kinds of sioort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktails, and other murdherin' dhrinks, sure, a .thrange thing happened. FATUEn Foosnrv's FrONT TESETI FELL OUT. "In a moment there was a change. "Father Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the foul-mouthed, fiend ridden, gambler, the drinking, tearin', swearin' reprobate, but the humble, pious, earnest ser vant of God he had been before his sthrange attack. "He knew what it was. 1He felt what it was. It was the teeth done it. They had been made, the dintist confesses it afther, out of the dice that had belonged to Jack Adams, the most notorious gambler, blas phemer, and evil liver on the digging, and the black soul of the licentious rowdy had, afther his death, haunted the dice, his fami. liar spirits during his lifetime. "At laste, if it wasn't that," concluded Host Began, with an air of conviction, "what was it?" We none of usn could solve the problem, and could only confess, with Hamlet that-fic he storU seere free-there are indeed mere thinge in heaven and earth than even we dreamt of in our philosophy. 