Fisher's Ghost. AN OLD NEW SOUTH WALES . TRAGEDY. . - • j CHAPTER .VH. * . . ; [BT Johk husol] ,-t EiDcro away from Fushfe%hte abode, Mr. Cox was somewhat ^perplexed. That povrer of attorney drawn upBO formally, and" eignedby £)i8herin die pres 0 nce of Sum credible witnesses, and then tiieletter viitten, agned in tlie same way by Uie same hand, were all in favor of &b; ^T^eomption that Ksher had gone to England/leaving his friend ratus. and neigh-faonr Smith in charge of his property, real and personal. Bat then, there were the remains! And that they were the remains of Mr. fisher, Mr. d. Cor firmlybelieved. When he .returned to the pond, by a circnitons route, o rass Mr. Cox ordered the blacks to strip from a blue gnmtree, with their tomahawks, a large sheet of bark. T Jpon thi»the remains were placed, carried straightway to Fisher's house (Mr. Cox span teebade, beading the party), and placedin the verandah. While this was in progress Mr. Smith eameoid^ and wore upon his countenance an exnreBeioii of mnpiise, astonishment ana. wonder. Bat there was nothing in that most innocent < in the world would be surprised,, astonished, and in wonderment on beholding each & spectacle. "What is this, Air. Cox? " heasked. . "Ihelast that I have heard or eeen of Mr. Usher," was the reply. "Tea." "These were his old clothes," said Mr. Smith, examining them carefully; " mpst certainly this was the old suit he nsed to wear. But as for the body, it s. can't be hits: for he is alive, as you hare it. seen by iis letter. These old clothee he must have given away, as he did many othar old tilings, the day before he left this • and the man to whom he gave 'em most hare been murdered." 1 " Do you think he coold have given away this knife?" said David Weir. "To my knowledge, he had it for better than twelve years, and often have I heard him say he would not part widi it ning. for £50." " Givaitaway ? " said Smith. Didn't he give away his old saddle and bridle? Didn't he give away his old spurs ? Didn't he give way a cow and a calf? " ! " He was a good man, and an hones man, and a very fair dealing man, and in luB latter days a very righteons'and godly, man, but he was not a giving away man by any manner of means," returned old David. ~ ' " And if he gare away theee boots; eaid Hamilton, "they were a very good fit for die man who received them.- " The man whoever he is, was mnr- 4ered,no doobt,"aaidMr. Smitit,wi& the most imppctnrbable countenance and to the coolest manner. . . Joet look at this crack in his skuIL Mr. Cox." "Yes, I h&ve; seen that," said the And tbatfa where, poor Ksher's ghost had it," s«d old David. "flsher'6ghoet!"6aidanith. "What o yonmean^ Weir f n "Why, the ghost that I seen sitting n ihe rail not &r; £rt»n the old bridge t the bottom tte hill jrcmdo" " Ghost! yoofliaTe Been a ghost, e nTfiyoiif " * m r. Oar a IS* fear of being taken in charge." fiery " I taken in dharge !'* «iid old "Weir. " No, no! my craieciemorIs cU*r> a&d; what I have seen and cuid Pil swear to. at Wiereverl go IH talk about U np to mydying honr. That was the ghost of Mr. ith EiBher that Isaw, and theaearethe xemains ith of his body, III were Mir. Cox, junagistate," ody said Ifc. Smith, "I would give you in "^f^wffl and not do that, Mr. Smith," replied Mr.Cox. "Ifed Oat my duty compels fast me to give yn in custody of , the the "On a diaige of wilful murder. Hamilton." "Yea, sir." " Manacle Mr. Smith, and lake him to roarthe _ Mr. Smith held up his wrists with the Penrith." air of an injured and pure- minded man, e, who to was ,so satisfied of his innocence that he was prepared for the strictest investigation into his conduct and had no here dread as to the results. ith, ay , CHAPTER Till. urse, A coboseb's inquest was held on the remains found in the pond, and a verdict ho of " 'WiUa;itntder" was rfetmned against Edward Smith. The jury also found that.the remains were those of John Fisher, albeit they were so frightfully decomposed that personal identification was out of the question. rn, hers The vessel in which Ksher^ was reported to have left Sydney happened to be in the harbour. The captain and the officers were interrogated, and in reply wear, to the question—" Did a man named air. John Rsher go home in jour vessel V The reply was "Yes," and on the Custom House officers coming on board ree; asnsoal, to look at the passengers and search the shijp, to see that no convicte hy were attempting .to make their escape, he produced his parchment certificate of bove, freadom, in which there was a description of his person. ve! " And did the man answer exactly to that description?" ! er: "Yes making allowance for his years rest, on lookingatthe date of the certificate. pake If he had not, he would have been detained, as many convicts have been." ne. " And during the voyage did he talk ion. ne!" of himself??! - - "Frequently; he said thathewas a fanner near Penrith; after he had served his lame he went to work, earned some money, rented a jfarin, then bought it, and, by industry and petsevBraace had made a fortune." "Did he ever mention a Mr.Smithr— a feendof ius?"' x £ ^ ? " "Oftin. He said hetadlefteveiything in Mr. Smith's hands,, and that he did not like tolsell his property .tOl he aiw hovHie dionld lik^ feig after ao Iong an absence. He further said that if he did n ot come back to the colony, he wonld have ^all Ms property sold off, and join some trading firm in his own country." The solicitor who had prepared the po wer of tttfeaaey, and "witnessed it, said that a person representinghimaglf as John Eisher, of Buskdale in the district of Penrith, came to them and gave instructions for the deed; and after it was duly executed, took it away with him, and requested that a copy might be made and kept in their office, which was done accordingly. In payment of a bill of twenty dollars (£5 currency) he gave a cheque on the Bank of New South Wales, which vras cashed on presentation; that the man who so represented himself as John Fisher was a man about forty-six or forty-eight years of age, about five feet eight inches in height, and rather stout; had blue eyes, sandy hair, and whiskers partially grey, a low but intelligent forehead, and rather reddish-nose. This description answered exactly that of Mr. Fisher at the time of his departure from t^ie colony. The caghier of th6 bank showed the cheque for twenty, dollars. Mr. Fisher had an account there, and drew out his balance, £200—not in person, but by He had written letteratc the bank, and on comparing those letters with the letter Mr. Smith mid ha bad rnriwvpfl from Rngfon^ thp Opinion was very much divided in the colony with respect to Mr. Smith's guilt. IVumbers of pessons who knew the man. and had dealings with him, thought him incapable of commitmg surfi a dime, or any heinous offence, in fact. The records were looked ifiito, to ascertain what offence he had been convicted of origip nally. It was.for embezzling the sum of twenty-two shillings and fourpence, whidi nad been intrusted to him when he was an apprentice forhismaster who was a market gardener, seedsman and t florist. AsforSie story about the ghost, very very few put my trust in it Solver was then a very young gentleman, and bad never dreamt of writing about Eugene Aram ; nor had Thomas Hood contemplated his exquisite little poem on the same subject. Nor M the agency of the £ed Barn been brought to light through the agency of a dream. The only instance of ghosts coming to give evidence of murder were those of Banquo and HamletVfather; and Shakespeare was not considered an antlwtnty to berried upon in such cas-> as that of Fisher. bmith's house and premises as wdl as those of fisher,were searched in the finding apparel, or some garments wtainod with blood, but in vain. Nor did the inspec&m; of Smith's JWen ul uae^ disdose anght that dreng&sned; mercse aginst him. 1 On the eonteny,* his accounts toodiixig Fisher's property too ke^t nlixidy drstinct frosnnis own,' and n enKKMMlfflaTbwtoTOBfbnnd entries t c m s s w Sndsr £3 12> due to him by Fisher for Bollock Chains." No case had ever before created, and will probably never again create, so si a sensation. Yery many were dy impressed with the belief that Weir was the murderer of the man who wore Fisher's dothes, crediting Smith's assertion or suggestion that he had given them away. Many others were of the that the remains were those of snd the man who had murdered 1 Mm bad robbed him of his certificate of freedom/as well as of the cash and papers he bad about him, and then re- Fisher, had got out of the colony and made Smith a dupe. CHAPTER IX. THE anxiously looked-for came. The court was personB in every grade of the highest to the vary Smith stood in the dock as „ , composedly as though he had'' been ~ for a mere libel or a conu^on lalfc—the penalty of the conviction not KH»e«ng a fineand-* imprisonment. The case was opened by the Attorney- General with the greatest fairness imaginable, and when (he witnesses-gave thaw evidence—Weir. Hamfflhw Williams, and Mr. Cox—everyone appeared to hold his breath. Smith, who defended himself, cross-examined them all with wonderful tact and ability ; and at the conclusion of the case for the prosecution, addressed the jury at eon siderable length, and with no mean amount of eloquence. The judge then summed up. His Honor was the last man in the world to believe insupernatural "appearances; bnt with the ability and fairness tlrat characterised his career in the colony, he weighed the probabilities and improbabilities with the greatest nicety. To detail all the points taken by the judge would be tedious; but if hi& charge bad any leaning one way or another, it was in favour of the prisoner. The jury in those days was not composed of thepeople, but of military officers belonging to the regiment quartered in the colony. These gentlemen, in ordinary cases, did not give much of their minds to the point at issue. Some of them usually threw themselves back and shut their eyes—not to think, but nod. Others whispered to each, other, not about the guilt or innocence of the prisoner at (he bar, bnt about their own affairs; whilst those who had any talent for drawing exercised it by sketching the sc^ne, or taking the likeness of the prisoner, the witnesses, the counsel, the sheriff, and the judge. - But in this case they seemingly devoted; all their energies, in -order to enable them to arrive at the truth. To every word that fell from the judge during his charge, which lasted over two hours, they listened with breathless attention, and when it was concluded they requested permission to retire to consider their verdict. This was at half-past five on the afternoon of Friday, and not till a quarter to eleven did the jury return into court and retake their places in the box. The excitement that prevailed was intense, and when the murmurs in th e crowd, so common upon such occasions, had subsided, a midst awful stillness the prothonotary pat that all momentary question, ' Gentlemen of the jury, what say yon? Is the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guilty ? " With a firmclear voice, the foreman, a captain in the army, uttered the word— " GUILTY!" Murmurs of applause from some, and of disapprobation from others, instantly resounded through the hall of justice. From the reluctant manner in which the judge put the black cap upon his head, it was evident that he was not altogether satisfied with the finding of the jury. He had, however, no alternative, and in the usual formal manner he sentenced tjie prisoner to be hanged on the following Monday at eight o'clock. Smith heard the sentence without moving a muscle, or betraying any species of emoton, and left the dock with as firm a step as that which he employed on entering it. His demeanour throughout the trial, and y after he was sentenced, brooghi over many who previously thought him guilty, to a _ belief in his innocence, and a petition to the Governor to spare his life was speedily drafted and numerously eigned. It was rumoured that the Chief Justice who tried the case, had also made a similar recommendation, and that the Governor, in deference thereto, had ordered a reprieve to be made out, but not to be delivered to the sheriff until seven o'clock Monday morning. It was farther stated that the Governor was of opinion, that the finding of the jury was a correct one. The press of the colony did not lead, but fell into the most popular opinion, that it would be tantamount to murder to take away the life of any human being upon euch evidence as that given on the trial. CHAPTER X.- Ox Monday morning, so early as halfpast six, the roeks which overlooked the jail-yard in Sydney, and commanded a view of the gallows, were crowded with persons of the lower orders; and when at a little before seven, the hangman eame out to suspend the rope to the beam, and make otha- preparations, he was hailed with loud hisses and execraions ; ao emphatic was the demonstration of the multitude in favour of the ondemned man. By seven o'clock the ob was doubled ; anid when the under heriff car any other functionary was een in the courtyard, the yells with hich he was greeted were anmpflimg pinioned, preparatory to asceodi the ladder. Whilst this eeeemony was the &qnts; of the ^ were deafening. Shame! Shame! Shame! Hang Weir! He is the guilty man ! This is a murder! a horrid mnxder!" Such were the ejaculaiions that resounded from every quarter of that dense mob assembled to witness the execution; while the calm and submissive manner in which Smith listened to the reverend gentleman who attend him in his last moments, heightened rather ithaa ^suppressed; the popolar damour. • At one moment past eighty the fatal bolt drawn, and Smith, - after for about half a-minute, was ereupon the mob renewed yells, execrations, hisses, and cries ofpShane! Shame! ShameV Murder! Mnrdej ! Murd er! " These noises could to life Mr. Smith. He had gone to lus «ocount, and aftef hanging joi ham, his body was cut down; the £pSLn'£ontaining it conveyed, in an anoorered cart to Slaughter "House Point {fee . last. resting place of all great criminals), and die grave filled in with : fmjffiKma,. iltee^sia gloom over Sidney nntil fli^, evesaog at half-past six o'clock. Alnto^i^very one was now disposed to ihinlc that the blood of an innocent man had been shed. " The witnesses were ^|^8^"-nredf not excepting Mr^ Cox!" « The jury in«r were a « parcel of fools!" And the Governor, who would not listen to the judge, " a hard hearted and cruel man." Such were the opinions that were current from one end of Sydney to the other. But at the boor above-men tioaed—half-past six in the evening— the public mind was disabused of its erroneous idea. At that hour it became generally known that on the previous night Mr. Smith, had sent for the Sev. Mr. Cooper, and to that gentleman had confessed that he deserved the fate that awaited him ; that for more than two years he had contemplated the murder of'John Fisher, for the sake of his wealth, which was equal to £20,000 ; that the man who had personated Fisher, aad executed the power of attorney, and had gone to England and written thence the letter upon which he so much relied in his defence, was a convict who resembled the deceased in person, and to whom he !_Smith; gave Fisher's certificate of freedom ; that It was his (Smith's) intention to have left the colony as soon as the proceeds of the sale came into his possesion—partly because he longed to lead the last portion of his life in Ptagl^md, but chiefly because, from the day winch he committed the murder, he had been haunted by that ghost which old Weir had truly sworn, he saw sitting on. a rail; that the deed was done in a angle bloo" from a toma hawk, and that the deceased never spoke after it was inflicted. He protested that the man who had personated Fisher, in respect to the power of attorney, and who had escaped from the colony, was ignorant of his (Smith's) intention to murder Fisher; and the letter which had been forwarded from England was only a copy of one which he (Smith; had told him to despatch a few months after he hadarrived at home. He-concluded by saying that since he struck Fisher that fatal blow his life had been a burden to him, modi as he had straggled to disguise his fedings and put a bold front on the matter, and that he would much, rather, since he had been convicted, suffer death than be reprieved—although he hoped that, until after the breath had left his body, this confession would be kept a secret. [THE KJTD.]j 