TdBHG FOLKS. : Frank WeatneralL ▲ 6TOBY FOE BOYS. By Wtxium C, Mbtcait. Chastbe XXII— A BOATSWAIN'S TARN. You must know, first of all, that what I'm a'goin' fur to tell you happened somewhere about five and thirty years ago, when I was considerably younger, and a more smarter man, than I am now, as you may reckia. I was a f oretop-man in the old Harpy, 36 -gun frigate, Captain Hovel, and was looked upon as the smartest man iu my top in those times — but this is nothiu' to do with the yarn, so I'll say no more about it. . We was bound for the Cape at the time, and our crew numbered three hundred and fifty as smart young fellows as ever trod a plank. One evenin',— we was in the tropics at the time,— all hands was startle! by the cry of ' man over board ; ' and the boal was immediately lowered with the second luff aud six men in her, tbe frigate having first been brought to the wind. That 'ere boat was pulled about fur more than an hour and a-half ; but no' signs did they see of anyone in the water, and they mu&t; ha' polled dozens of times over the spot where he fell. In the meantime all hands was piped to muster, and it was then discovered that Tom Jarvis was missin*. The boat returned end was hoist up : the yarJB was filled, and away we went. Now Tom was a ' fo'ksel-head' man, and a smart young feller too ; he could dance a hornpipe, play on the fiddle, sing a sang, and do anything in fact, and was allus a good companion ; tbe only thing as we knew agin' him was that he was too fond of raisin' of his little finger ; in port, indeed, he was allus on the black list ; allus drunk, and under a cloud ; but at sea, whea he couldn't get as much as he wanted, therelwarn'tja plessaater companion or better man aboard the ship tbaa Tom Jarvis. Death is allus a werry solemn sort of thing, anywheres, but aboard a ship when one loses a messmate out of a small circle of 'em it is solemner. We used to talk a great deal about poor old Tom for the first four or five days after ha was gone, and then we forgot all about him. One mormV, about a week after his death, and while the old frigate was still in the tropics, we was again startled by the quarter-master leavin' the wheel and ruehia* for'ard singing out, 'Tom-Jarvis'e ghost ifl astern!' He was deadly pale, and tremblin' awfuL We all rushes aft without ceremony ; and there, surd enough, was poor Tom in the water astern of us, and a swimmin* arter us like mad. ' Harpy, ahoy ! ' he shouted, ' are you agoin' to take me aboard or not ? ' Here have 1 been swimmin' arter yon fur a week, and I've only just come up with yer. Are you going to tike me aboard or not?' Our old skipper looked as startled as any of us. ?- Are you really Tom Jarvis ?' he asked. 'Yes,'1 said the man, 'that is my name, cap'en; and I should be much obliged lo yer if ye'd jnat take me aboard, for I begins to feel wet and sort of oncomfortable.' ' Lower the boat!' eays the cap'ea. ' Wonderful.! ex traordinary ! !' We bears him say.' Well, we lowers the boat, and 'brings poor Tom aboard. Tom Jarvis it war, sure enow; there war no.nristakiu of him. Well, we fills away agin, and off we goes. Pretty nearly every day the cap'en would have Tom up afore him and ex him if it were really true that he had been a' swim min' arter the ship for « week. ' Certingly, cap'en,' Tom would say, ' and I war pretty nearly done when you took me aboard ; couldn't ha' held out much longer, sir.' The cap'en at last believed Tom's story; and. Tom war looked upon as a most extraorn'ary creetur. Now Tom and I we was very great pals and 4here war but few secrets the one of us' had but what the other knew. ' Tom,' I said to him one day when we was alone together, ' tell me trulv, did you really swim for a week arter us or did you not ? ''' Tom looked me in the face and replied. ' Well, Dick, I have known you for some little time, and I must say as how you have stuck to me wery close as a friend on many occasions, therefore I don't mind a' tellin' you the truth,— perwided you don't * let the oat but of the bag,' as the sayin' is; for you know, Dick, I enjoys a high carakter now amongst all hands, 'and I am looked upon as a notoritey, like Bluebeard when he rode ' Black Bear to Uew York fromLunnun; and I likes this sort of notoritey, I does ; but I don't mind a tellin' you the truth. To begin with, I never did swim arter the ship, only when you. heard me a holleria' out astern. You'll mind, Dick,' says he, ' that when I fell overboard the ship was not going more than two or three knots through the water, so I bad a bit of a time to myself, especially as I fell over from for'ard. Tha night wur pretty dark, you know, and I couldn't see muob, but I just managed to see the water rippled a bit as though a rope was a' towin' overboard, and sure enough there was* 1 seizes hold on it, and found it was hangin' put of. that large port which is in' the purser's Btoreroom, and on drawin' my-elf up, to my joy I discovered that the port wur left open, as it sometimes is, you know, to give the stores a airin' in fine weatber. I lost no time, you may be sure, in clam berin' in. There was a light in the cabin. Evidently the purser will be here directly, I thought, and. I bad better not let him see me, or he will think I am here for some bad purpose ; so I stowed myself away behind some bags of bread. By-and- by I hears' the purser come in and rum mage about the stores. I was mortal afeard he. would find me; and 1 wanted to sneeze badly, but I managed to smother it somehow. At last the purser closes Che port and leaves the cabin, tumin' the key iu the lock. * Now/ thinks I, ' I'm in here for a night at least ; I must makethebestof it.' Then it suddenly occurred to me that to have a epell for a week or so iu the storeroom wouldn't be amiss, as there was plenty of grog and plenty of provisions of all sorts ; and a spell of it I did have for a week, living upoa the best of everything in the ship, and getting: as much rum as I wanted. ot£t of tbe casks. At last I gets tired ol this game, and 'thought that the next time tbe purser came to the room I ' would make a bolt out of the door. Then it struck me that were people to know I'd been a roostitt' in the storeroom all this tune I might get punished, as there war no excuse for my not gettin' out the first eveijin' 1 war in. So I thought I would drop out of the pott when .tbe ship war not goin' too fast through the water, and swim arter her— which I did, and you knows tbe rest, Dick.' '''And now/' s*id old Dick, 'I have given you an account of now Torn Jarvis managed to scape, in his own words, just as he told me hiaself.' . Well, we reached Cape Town all right, and was knoekin' about there for some time, after which we was ordered to Jamaica to relieve the Nelson. Tom was still the life and soul of all on us aboard the ship, and everybody 'cept myself used to believe in his wonderful powers of swimmin' and to look upon him as a most extraor'nary creetur. When we gets to Jamaica everybody there was a* talkin' about a certain nigger who could swim for a wonderful long time and do almost any thin' in *the water ; and they war backin' him up to swim 'gainst any white man in the island ; they didn't believe it war possible for anyone to beat him in the water. Well, this reaches our cap'en's ears: and a happy thought struck him that he might turn Tom's won- . derful swimmin' powers to account, and do some good for ' htsself; so he offers to back Tom agin1 the nigger for aiy sum.' I'vVgot a man,' says be, ' u will lick creation out of him.' ' , A wager was laid of five hundred pounds ^and'Tom wai «called aft Jo. the cap'en. *?Tom Jarvis,' paysithe slipper, Vknowm* your wonderful ppwers of swimmin* I have agreed to back you against the nigger they talk so much about, and five hundred pounds is the stake. Now be careful and don't Jet me lose the imoney; ask for what you want and you shall have it' When Tom left the cabin he felt in rather a fix, and; scratched his head for a long time wonderin* what he should do. ' If the cap'en,' thinks he, 'had not made that 'ere bet, I shouldn't have minded so much, but.jrhat on earth am I to do now ? T' won't do fur me to lose my notoritey by refuein' to swim ; but then agin' if I do swim I'm bound to lose it. An idea at length struck him ; and he went aft to the cap'en and asks leave for, a day, fur'' says he. « Cap'en, I wishes to make preparations fora long swim ; and I shall need 'some few things.' 'Certingly, Tom,' said the skipper, ' I Will give you leave and money to get *?-.??? ' v whatyottwaat.' Bo Tom tales money and leave, and goes ashore ;_ buye ja sort of knabaack, a gridiron, a tin box, and a lot1 of other things, and brings them down on thebeach just afore the match. When the nigger sees all these things he wonders what they were far,' and axes Tom. ' Why, eaid Tom, ' I'm bound on a long cruise, and want to do my own cooking.' The nigger was flabbergasted1. *' Oh ! oh !' ?ays he, 'if that's youraitHe game, I no swim ; ' and ne refused to meet Tom, There was a orful row wfth the backers ; but the money had to be paid to our cap'en, and wara't be just pleased with Tom? And Tom hieeeif war almost as much pleased, 'fur,' says he, ' I've still got my * notoritey.' ' When we got to Portsmouth we war paid off, and Tom war made a warrant officer, through the skipper speakin' up for him. I went next into the old Dtedalus, and never saw any more of Tom ; and that's the end of my yam, gen'lemen. There, pats the bottle, Chips, and let's have another mouthful. Chaptss 5 XIII. 'il do not know how it is, sir; 1 have always satisfied them before, and there have been no complaints until the last few davs : none in fact until Mr. Winter came for'ard ; and he is the worst of all, sir ; finds fault with every mortal thing, and without any cause, I'm sure, sir. Only to-day he hat been making a disturbance in the galley, complaining of the bread; and I'm sure you could not wish for better bread, sir, although I say. it that should not. Look at this ' bread, Bir; what can be better than that? It is not the same as you get in the cabin, of course, for it's, only male out of ' seconds ' flour ; still, I do not think better bread need be wished for.' These words were addressed to Captain Margrave by the '. cook. A deputation of seamen (Winter being one of them), had that morning gone aft to the captain, complaining of their bread, which they said was not fit for human fo-d. The men were rather noisy, and 'Black Bob' — one of the hands — a big, rough, low, and noisy fellow, who had always more to say than the rest— said ' he wasn't going to put up ' with such treatment, and if their food wasn't cooked better in future they would knock off.' ' Who made you spokesman ? ' asked Mr. Shaw ; ' you seem to have a great deal to say.' ' No matter,' said the man, ' who made me spokesman, for I knows that when I speaks my mind, I epeafcs the minds of the rest on 'em, and as to having a great deal to say why I'd like to see the man as would clap a stopper on my tongue.1' ' Be careful what you say,' said Mr. Shaw, ' or you may get a stopper put on you in a more effectual manner than you care about.' . ; 4 Black Bob ' did not reply ; there was something in Mr. Shaw's face that he evidently did not like. i : ' Well,' said Captain Margrave, ' it teems strange that you should only just now, near the termination of the pas sage, make all these complaints. Surely the cook cannot be different now from what he was; just show me-H piece of the bread of which you complain. Why, I can fin! nothing the matter with this,' said he, tasting a small piece, ' yon don't expect to live as we do in the cabin, do you ? ' 'No, sir,' said * Black Bub/ ' but if we are allowed food to eat, we like to have it properly cooked.' 'Certainly,' said the rest of the men; 'of course we do; and what's more, we will have it cooked properly, or its pre cious little work you'll get out of us.' ' Of course,' eaid the captain, ' you are entitled not only to have your proper allowance of fool but alto to have it cooked properly. I will see intc the affair; but, mind you, if I find you cave no just cause for complaint, and merely wish to make ft dis turbance, look out for yourselves.'' The ^deputation then withdrew; and the captain went for'ard Into the galley himself to examine into the affair; hence the conversation at tbe commencement of this chapter. ? ?? ... '' The bread is very good, cook ; ' said the, captain, ' I have no fault to find with it ; but what about the quantity ? Have you given them their proper allowance f ' 'Yes, sir,' replied the cook; 'each man has had his fall half-pound of flour made up for him; I can't eee what they have to complain about ; it is Mr. Winter that sets them all a growling, for they never growled afore he was sent for'ard among them. He is a 'bad man. sir; and has threatened, more than once, to knock my head off, because I wouldn't make a larger roll of bread for him than for the rest of them.' ' Threatens you, doss he?' said the captain, 'Mr. Winter will have to take' care what he does, or he will get himself into farther trouble,' and the captain left the arafley. At noan Ihe deputation of seamen again came aft and demanded to see the captain. One man had a kid of pea soup in his hand, another a kid with some pork in -it. ' Black Bob \ said that the soap was totally unfit for human food, and that there was an insufficient quantity of pork, 'It was very. hard,' be taid, 'for 'to work in oollbMl weather, and not get enough to eat; and unless things : shaped a little better he would refuse duty.' ? - . 'Ay and so will all of us,' said the rest of the men.'' ? ' Will you please just taste this soup, sir.P*' said Ihe man who held the kid, 'and tell us if you think it fit lor anyone toeat?'? .''..? - : ? * ' ' '? ' ?;? ' . ?? CaptaiaMargrave obtained a spoon from the steward and tasted a spoonful, but immediately spat it out,' nuking several wry faces over it. : ' j ' . : , ''Taste this, steward; what on earth can be the matter with it P I never tasted such vfle stuff before, there's been something nasty put into it; the man generally makes remarkably good soup.' . The steward tasted it and also spat it oat again very quickly. . - . 'I can't for the lite of me imagine what there is in the soup, sir ; I have never tasted anything like it before,' said the steward; ' I'll go and see the cook about it, sir, imme diately,' and he went to the galley. ' ' ' And now,' said Captain Margrave,' addressing ihe men who stood before him, 'what fault have you to find with the meat ? I see you have brought eome aft here.' -? Well, sir/' said * Black Bob,' ?- it Is not the meat itself that we find fault wirh, nor yet tbe opokin' of it, for it's well enough cooked; but we do find fault with the quantity: there is not the proper allowance here for twentv men, sir : ' and he took the kid containing the meat from the man who held it and showed it to the captafn. 'Look at it, ilr; da you think that quantity sufficient for twenty men?' In the kid there we're five small pieces of pork. ' No, I do sot,1' said the captain, *' there most be some mistake here; I vrill look mtb it at once.' The 'deputation again withdrew ; and Captain Margrave once more'.went to the galley, where there was a strong argument goisjg on be tween the cook, the stotrerd, and Mr. Winter. : '?? :'i*: ' I maintain,' said the cook, ' that the soup when you1 .first took it from here was the same as this as is left in the pot, for it was all boiled in this 'ere pot.' \\. ; -? Then Ijsayit was not the same,' said Mr. Winter, «? for when the boy brought the kid into the forecastle I tasted it atonce, so What's the use of your telling lies «bout it.' 'Itisyou who are the liar,' said the cook, becoming exasperated. ? ?*?? ' Be quiet,' said the captain, 'hold you tongues, both of you. How, cook, where is the pot that yon trailed the men's soup in?' ? ' ,: « Here, sir, and here is what was left after the kids were filled; will you please to taste this, air, and see if it is the satue as you tasted aft P' '??:?? ? ; The captain tasted it. 'There is nothing -the matter with that, oook; the soup Is excellent. Now, onyourw9rdof honour, 1b this the remains of the soup that wag cooked for the men?'1 . ' ? , ; „' I swear it u, sir,' said the oook, I boiled it all in this large pot, eir.' ?--.- : ?-???? u Well, then, if what you «iy is true, there has been foul play at the bottom of this, and something ''has been put pur posely into the soup after it was taken out of the pot; pro bably to give 'some cause for complaint. Now about the pork. Dp you remember how many pieces yon served out at noon for the bnen's dinner?' -.-.?-? '« Yes, sir,' said the cook ; « I served out Bix pieces.1' ** You are an infernal liar,' said Mr- Winter, who was Btandhig at the galley door, ' you only served out five. I counted them myself as soon as they were brought in ; I always make a point of doing so ; and there were only five pieces, I swear. ' Here the steward interfered. *' I remember distinctly giving the boy who came for the meat six pieces for the foreoastle^ast night, sir.' Mr. Winter began to look uneasy. 'Call the hoy who took the meat last night,' sail the eaptaia. ' . (Zb tomtwutd.) . 