MRS HAMPSON'S MISSION. Fully 500 people attended the midday prayer meeting held in connection with the above mission in the Mechanics' Institute hall yesterday. Prayer was offered up by Mrs Bampson at the opening and close of her address, the concluding prayer embody ing a large number of petitions for Christian prayer received by Mrs Hampson during the forenoon. The address dealt principally with the efficacy of prayer, and was a powerful and impressive one. We should pray unceasingly, said Mrs Hampson, not only every day but every moment of each day we shouid have God in our thoughts and rely upon His guidance. We should be prayer ful for everything, careful for nothing and thankfnl for anything. In the home coun try she once visited the rains of an ancient castle, and had the line of the old " keep " with its drawbridge at each corner pointed out to her. It protected the castle from the foeman ; and the peace of God would keep our heartB against the snares of the world and the devil. It was the keep and the garrison of our hearts, and its drawbridge would never be lifted to let in the devil. The peace of God was the rest of eternity, and we could only possess it when we felt jus tiffed in the blood of Christ. Jesus had said "Peace I'leave with you," but that was not the peace of which she had spoken. Tbey should remember not only tbe words " Come unto Me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I.will give you rest," but also the injunction that if they desired to go after Christ they should take up His yoke and humbly and willingly follow Him. The peacespoken of by Christwas agift, butthein ffnite peaceof God had to be earnestly worked for and won. When we could realise this grand truth, onr hearts would be filled with a river of living water, like a tide of the Holy Ghost. They would be bubbling and overflowing with the peace of God, aud nothing sinful could invade them. Mariners told them that there was a perpetnal calm at the bottom of the ocean, under the wildest waves, or the most turbulent avalanches of angry waters. Even so, the peace of God kept the heart tranquil and' undisturbed in the midst of a sin laden and passion'tossed world. She asked if tbey knew the difference between resting, and reading, and trusting in Christ, and seeking Him by following in the paths Bebadtrod. That was the essential distinction—The difference between resting and working ; and the peace of God, which had to be earned, and was not bestowed, was the' grand bnlwark of the christian faith: What happiness it would be to feel that Christ's loving arms always encir cled ns ; and to be ever calm and steady when sorrow came upon us, to know no disappointment, and to be filled with Bweet ness and love for all humanity. And it could be gained if we only adopted the right means and acted them out daily—always prayerful, never careful. She called npon christian parents to keep their young people from the dance parties and allurements of tbe world ; to get rid of tbo world and tho devil, and to make their drawing rooms abodes of God's light and love-earthly paradises, filled with the brightest happiness and attractive ness for their children and their friends. For God's sake, let those parents who profess Jesus do this, and not expose their children to temptation, lest they bring their grey hairs with sorrow to the grave. The proceed ings, as before stated, closed with prayer by Mrs Hampson. The hall was again packed to excess in the evening. The opening prayer wa3 given by tbe Rev R, C. Flockhart, and Mrs Hampson also engaged in* prayer. For her subsequent addresB she took as ber text the Sth verse of the 22ud Psalm :—" He trusted on the Lord that he would deliver him : let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him." She said that after talking from God's side for three days they wonld now take into consideration the plan of talvation and conversion, How could they believe Jeaoa to he the Saviour of their souls ? Simply, by seeking the face of God. - She Bhowed by the life of David an illustration of ^the wonderful change brought by conversion. All true conversion began with God, and we could not be converted without his aid. God spoke v.itb our first parents in the garden of Eden until sin and disobe dience came in _ and shut them from hi3 sight. He now spoke to us, having spanned the darkness of the foe with the rainbow of hope in His mercy. God spoke to the individual heart, and the individual voice, and no living being could truthfully say that God had not called him or her. The Gospel had gone abroad to all parts, and had exposed the great sin of the world. We heard the Gospel truths iu the cradle, from the pulpit, in the school, aud at the grave, but the devil oft crept in upon us through the wheels of business of all kinds, and diverted our thoughts rom our Savionr. The gin palace attracted us away from God, and theatrical entertainments interfered with our duty to, and distracted our attention from our Creator 'and Redeemer. God made us think of Him, however, in many .ways. On the bed of sickness, by the loss of a wife, a husband, or a child, and in many other ways he turned our thoughts towards Himself and entreated us to come unto Him. We might go to church aud live, to all outward appearances, a Christian life and yet not be converted. God read all hearts, both internally aud externally, noting our ionermost thoughts as well as our out ward actions. -No one could go to Jesns for as; we would have to go to Him our selves. If we did so God would forgive all our sins. " Now is the accepted time ; now is the day of salvation. To-day if ye will hear Him hardeu not your hearts." Mrs Hampson concluded an eloquent address Tery feelingly, and the proceedings con cluded in the usual devotional manner. Suitable hymns were aucg by the mission choir during the evening. 