General News. The next .Criminal Sessions promise to be rk^hec.heaty, as no less than thirteen persons (tw-elye pien and one woman)., are no* confined in the Perth gaol awaiting triaL ? ? ';??- ????.? ' ClreerJng reports nave 'been received as to the harvest in the' Eastern districts, the' ' hay, which has been very abundant, baa been -' put in stack, and it is generally believed - that the yield of wheat will far exceed that : of -last year1. At the Albion Hotel on Wednesday another ,pig-eoa -shooting, match took place, during 'wticlrthere vfras some very fair shooting, and a number of- fcirds Wre bagged. ?'Another match has 'been'^xea' for this' afternoon. We understand that among the other attractions to take place in the City during the approaching- Imas season, will be a ericket match between some visitors from the Nor*-west and one of the Perth Clubs, which has been fixed for Boxing Day, on the Recreation Ground. The special attention of our readers is directed to tie valuable properties enu merated in Messrs. Fienberg- and Rogers' announcement in another column, particu larising some of the most valuable blocks -in Perth and Fremantle, all of which will be placed under the hammer by those gentle men this evening. Last Monday week Professor Schwarz gave one of his excellent variety entertain ments in the Mechanics' lust itute at Guild-, ford. The Hall was crowd-.-d to the ut most of its capacity, and t he large audience was - highly delighted with the evening's aumaemeut. On Saturday the Professor proceeded to I ork, on tour a through the Eastern Districts. It is a rather peculiar fact that some years ago a- ship named the ?* General Oood -yriir' arrived at Fremantle from India, brinerine fifteen convicts to this Colonv. Out of tbat party two have since then been executed in Perth, and now a third man, John Duffy, is confined in the Perth gaol awaiting bis trial upon a charge of wilful murder. At Mr. Morrison's land sale on Wednesday, Perth town lots X 33, 34, and 35, near Claise brook, were dijposed of to Mx. J. Bateman for £229. ? Mjss's property, at the corn.-r of Mill Lane, was purchased by Mr. W. 'Lanvrence fBr^J&WO.; Mr. Carr's Guildford i&SofeecljjF;/ 4o'h5l49 and 150, were knocked ?tie4iai_to_ArrT'W. B. Wood for JE147. Dr. Waylen was the purchaser of Guildford lot 179,-at tfti&&i;«e-pf £-&... Al special meeting of the City Council was'heldat noon on Thursday, when several tenders were opened.' For the contract to supply- 200 cubic yards of stone, the tender of W. Baker, of Fremantle, was accepted at the rate of os. lOd. per yard. The tenders for supplying the water carts were consider ed to. be too high, and consequently none were accepted ; it being decided to let the matter stand over for the present. For the erection of an additional office to the Town Hall, and for making certain improvements, the tender of Mr. Findlay was accepted, the amount being .£35. Fortunately business has been very slack i» the City Police Court during the present week. On Thursday the inevitable Victor Eegina -was brought up on the usual charge of drunkenness. The *™-r- told the old old tale, ' Me not drunk, Mmbh^ bad colonial boy vex me, and me me cross.' The time honoured excuse was again accepted and the prisoner was discharged with a caution. Henry Corbett was charged with having behaved in a disorderly manner in Welling ton-street on Tuesday last, but as the man satisfactorily explained that the supposed offence had arisen out of a mistake, he was also discharged. ?* We tear th&t;*he- unfortunate young man Douglass, who was recently sentenced to six month*' bard labour for having embezzled u few ahflrings he received for tickets on the Eastern Railway, is suffering from the re salts of rafbir' ar peculiar injury he has received. It appears that the prisoner was Set to breaking stones, and that being anac cus£6med to manual labour the jarring of the- hammer set up acute inflammation in both^ hands. The result was that suppur ?aiion get in between the muscles in the palms of the hands, and consequently Douglass has beeu quite unable to do any work for the last month. ' Thus, some of the best material {i.e fruit) fitted by nature in the first instance and only awaiting the skill of the chef de cuisine or the equally skilled hand of the manufacturer, is lost-, because, either the band that is capable of converting- it from its raw state to the cooked, is too inert or -the. energy is wanting for the transforma tion and utilisation of it for the needs of the consuming public.' It is in each euphonis tic tvfiguage as -this that oar daily provincial contemporary alludes to the cooking of a jam tart ! . Oh ! ghost of a penny-a-liner ! A few 'days' ago one of our sapient con temporaries gravely suggested that the settlers would do well to turn their atten tion to supplying the Indian market with wheat. Considering the fact that our settlers are nnable to produce in quantities sufficient to supply the inhabitants of this Colony, and that consequently w« are com pelled to import wheat from South Austra lia, and the absurdity of the suggestion made is clearly apparent. This, by the way, was about equal to the advice the same journal gave to the youth of Western Australia, when it seriously urged upon them the ad visibility of instituting an Archaeological Society. Unfortunately the writer did not point out any cheap and expeditious' means of importing a few ruin ed castles and old towns from the Old Country, so that the Society might have something to work upon when established. The ship Berengaria, on a voyage from Melbourne to Sairderland, whose total loss off the coast of Essex was reported by wire a few dayB ago, had a rather chequered career from the outset. She was launched as recently as the beginning of 18^2, and towards the end of that year she accomplish ed in safety a voyage — her maiden one — to Melbourne, but in entering Port Phillip Heads, a bad landfall having been made and a fog coming up, the ship stranded near Point LonsdaJe, close by where the ship Sussex was lost some twenty years ago. Tne weather at the time being fortunately fine, the ship was soon got off by adopting the expediency of jettisoning a large quan tity of valuable cargo, and it was found afterwards on examination in dock that she bad sustained no damage whatever. Such being the case tUe St«am Navigation Board of V ictoria were unable to formulate any charges against the master for what wag apparently gross carelessness and error of judgment Tlie maBU'r was allowed by the owners to continue in Jjig cojnmaud ; he made a more successful voyage t.t Melbourne lost yesir, and again this year also, and it was upon this the third, and, unhappily, luet rojajre, that this fine shiy,, of some 20U0 tons regieter, wt.nt flown, it is suppos ed, \:ith her captain and nearly every other faoul od board. The appointment of Quarter uiaster-S-;r- geant F. J. Kvad, of the G'uildjEord JWfle.s, to the position of Ljeiit6nant.'iirnre'Wes't' Australian Volunteers, -was gsziefted Jatft^ Thursday. ' ' ' / -J '' . -w The departure of the s. ' O^wayi'/Mr Adelaide *nd Melbourne, ft :vrtM ,We 's?ehl'1by' our !a-i vertising' c61umns/hys'*beien' Aiferrjja' ' until Thursday, ut1* p.m. ftrWrfoilrtniat ' mails to go by1 the Otway doAe^eti PferjJh'a*i 1 p,m.-on' that day. ?? i. ':..-.: 1 :i , Mr. A Herman 'N7-ttagtf; W10 was flhc-t^ Lord 'Mayfir of Lohdhn tqcefrtly, wasVi'ect-*d-: Alderruau of i\\-ruVa5iipr Ward in1 NvwViH-- her, 1S75, Y.ri-tlie'HrtiUi «f Mi\\-;'A;i*T*»Ai#; Paterson. atid tii IK77, in-couj»ti--tw-*i««H*i Stir. AMcrrtun KtavK-s, he )w»ld the office- of. Sheriff --f London nnd Middlesex iiu.' ihei Mayoralty »f Sir Tlmiiuis Qwdeik. He is # iiicmher of (he C'urpuu^ers', tLoripsK'^ and .SpeiHaolc- iuafcwB*. O.ouipajiies, ^fid^: t^i^s yoat,i the M.astci- of th^ ,Cori)L'nU;rs' ,tU-m-i paqy.;, He is the proprietor of thp .LoJadftn -Sterepspopic i.nd Photograplnc, Company,' of ^Cheapside.ancl Hegent Street. In politice' 'he is. a,' Liberal, 'and he is a raeniber of the 'Chorch i-f England. Tbf- Lady Mayoress (Mrs. Nqlta^e) is the diingKt^r of Mr. .lamas Warner ; and- ttteit family 'ebhsists ? of a daughter,- MrSi Erfefest'Palmer, ami one; son, 'Me Charles G. Nottwge, a member of ? itfce Bar. ? , ? ri The following is the list of craditorB' til ' ^he 'estate of Mr. David Gray: — B. G.: Lacey, ^90, J. H. Monger JBB10, A,- Pead \fi331 Randell, Knight & CtK'JZBO, Shea* ton & Co. £100, Galp;: ;Monger & Co. u £65, G. Thompson, £S(i Highata.&aSonij; £5O; ?- Carter A Go. .j6Sa,.' HarroJd. ,Bw*. (Adelaide). JEHO, Carter. Ai^immone {M&-; laide) J6L21» W... F. S.tevjeqsjei^ ^.Cppnor,. £70, W- A. Mftg. Co. £1S9, J. M. 'P.atlCoft, ^635, ,S. Howlett £G0, T' ^P»C £&$-?&£. Dearden £$0Aj;. Batfey'^rjfcJSeeljgson' JSSOlM. li. Meaghei- J^yT^^aSSl^kv,' D. W. Hafwqoa £6^ H1. G; Ittenli'eils1^?-; and. incidenfai a;cc8nnfe''svbint3 Jsttfej- :At the meeting- ^ftf was'merifiotffetf'tfeft'Mfefisrtj; Sandover-it ?Mayhdtx' hBld'k'bill-iofJsaie'OT-er1 sonfe of ? Mf .- ' G«ty' s effecfe, amoiinfing -to' £339-3te.,'t*fe tigality of which is.tol)ef--J«i-: tested in the Supreme Court. ? . ., -. j : O n Saturday afternoon the P«rth ArfciHer-y and the Naral . Bri^de corps hadi firing practice on Arthur's Head, Freiaan(t]e,:;at a seartaxget. ?;. .T j - ? , Sacc^ssful steps have been ,.wn tg hold, the, Wanneroo Baces at a pl^ce 'within an' easy distance from the City. 'An admiratle' course has been secured, which is Bitiia*ed within four miles of P-jrth,' atyout only a; quarter '6f a mile from 'the block- rood; Hitherto ft has been a day's jetnrney for.1 sporting citizens to attend- these- races, where, however, clog* *u«mng has ^always j been the ©rder of the da-^ ; ? Jbqt 'for tbe . future that inoonveniencc will be .done away, with, owing to the.jndicious. selection of tb# new course. Most . probably the next races . will be run on gome day in the ensuing February. ,., , r. The Sew Zealand Time*, in aa article dealing with the annual report of the Tail- * way department of that. colony, reterrihg to ' the lasting' qualities, of tl^e' varioTfe'tiuii'bers used for railway' sleepers, says :*—' Of the* varieties of timber- mentioned, as- far ob we are able to judge, jnrrab is thd- most' ei; pensive, as supplied to the- deportment, but ? its extra durability -would, according to the statistics at oar disposal, more than make up for its additional cost, and it may be come a question whether the ruj,e. of encouraging local industry may not in this connection be reasonably relaxed.' A somewhat serious accident occurred on Thursday just before noon at fie works of the West Australian Manufacturing Com pany. A man named Cottreil was engaged at his usual daily work when, by some means or other, a large piece of wood fell upon his head knocking him down. When he was pick«i up it was found that he had sustained a severe laceration of the scalp, from which the blood flowed v-?ry freely. Mr. Grave promptly had the unfortunate sufferer placed in a trap and driveu to the Hospital, where he was at once attended to. tn the evening Cottreil had so fat recovered from the effects of the accident that, at his own wish, he was conveyed to his residence. We have seen the prospectus of one of' the . most extraordinary companies ever yet projected' in this Colony, The object of this company is to cotniilote an instrument now being- made by a Mr. Isaac F«rnihough, of Guildford, and to prcvid« the niea.113 of protecting it by letters patent in various parts of the world. The instru ment reftsrred to is named ' The Land and Nautical Cosuiograph,' which, the sanguine inventor believes, will practically take the place of the theodolite, quadrant, log, sex tants, chronometer, and compass. The proposed capital is to be £2,000 of as many £1 shares, but we much doubt if the amount will be easily raised. The Perth Local Court is held on the last Thursday of each month, -and tbis month the last Thursday will- be Christmas Day. A Court can no more sit upon a Christmas Day than upon a Good Friday, or a Sunday. The Police Magistrate will be unable to adjourn the Court until the following day, for he cannot take his seat on the Bench on. Christinas Day, as that is a legal die? rum ; and he is clearly unable to adjourn Vhr Court either before or after the day upon which it ought to be held, as in either case he would evidently be functus officio. It therefore remains only for His Excellency the Administrator to alter the date of the holding of the Court, due notice of which it will be necessary to publish in the Government Gazette. Our national carnival is almost close upon us, and the festive Christmas season will be opened next Wednesday night by the hold ing of a grand public ball in the Town Hall'. From the announcement which appears else where in our advertising columnsi if will be seen that no efforts will be spared to provide in every way for the comfort and' con venience of the guests. One new featore that will be introduced, which is calculated to be of a highly attractive nature, iB that daring the intervals between the dances Sigcor Pasqualle Lombardi, and Signer Donienico Bubino will enliven the proceed ings by playing several choice selections of music upon, the violin and harp. As these gentlemen are well-known to be most skilful performers, there is no doubt that the in novation will meet with the appreciation of all who may be present upon the occasion. Not quite ten years ago a gentleman entered a certain centrally situated house of public resorti in the City and : wrote out a cheque for a certain amount.- Just as he was folding up the document he dis covered -that he had made a mistake in the. amount, and forthwith tore the cheque into five or six pieces, and, carelessly throwing them on tbe floor, wrote out another cheque, and then took his departure. Shortly after wards one of the attendants entered the room ; and, seeing the pieces of paper lying on the floor, examined the scraps. Finding tbat the signature was not injured, the in genious youth gummed the bits together on a piece of paper so cleverly that no one would have noticed without the closest scrutiny that the document had been torn. A few days afterwards the same gentleman returned, when his cheque was presented to him for payment. So much was he deceived, that he would not have hesitated to cash it, had it not been that (to his confusion) the trick was explained. The moral of this truthful story ia : — Xevur tear a cheque into pieces, without having first «f all cancelled the signature. The Astronomers at the Greenwich Ob servatory have been making calculations as to the pace of the star Arcturus in his progress towards the earth. They find, as the result of twenty-one observa tions, that this beautiful scintillating star is moving toward this planet at the rate of fifty miles and seventy-eight one hun dredtbs per second. This amounts to about 3,000 miles a minute, 180,000 miles an hour or 4,320,000 miles a day. But even if this hot rate of speed should Ve continued, Arcturus is not likely to shatter our littk- globe for the next 93,000 years, although his brightness is likely to grow in the sight of remote posterity. A scientist, writing or. the subject, says that an 81-ton gun will drive forth its projectile with a maximum velocity of 1,400 feet per second, and that Arcturus is approaching us at a speed two hundred times greater. It thus moves over a distance equal to that be tween the earth and the sun in twenty-om* days.. But as the oarlli's dist:in--o from this lively star at Um1 last measurement was esfimat'-d at ],-;a-'.'fw» timns greater than th.it ln'twyn it i-.H'l the sud, this gener ation and untold gi'imrations tr. follnw may pursue the even tenor of their ways undis turbed. ME.,jSidn.ey.,.Hymus_ has \ been, elected Councillor for the Nort^Wwd- :-. - . Australian to AddaMpgraodwaysLeepeiB 'jvere shipped byMlMff vlsiff from the mills 0$ dip :J!aj&»hdalfe Timber -?pmpany. : TnVft)lJ«*mg'«fe8-th* KJgistwd rainfall of, the Colony for the week ending December ,75— Rottnest 6-02, Frtmautte 0*02, Albany 0;10, Esperanee 0-25: ; \ .-.:Sickness'.js ivery prevalent' in, tbe City at jggosi'hi | t^ ninulier of people suffering from jgB&cii; ic affections, owing, no doubt, to the ,#xtf-.MM!dinary 'variableness of the weather. , W« have received frojn the Colonial SecreT tary 's O Hice a. copy of' Votes and Proceedings ' pf the Legislative Council for the Session of 1884.' As usual, the work is of a highly, comprehensive character, and is another 'creditable production of the Government printing Department, by which it Jiae been ^issued. . .. -. j At -test a slight improvement has ?been made in tfee-^ previous dis gracefully filthy eta*8. of Xhe City Idfrines-etbiiated at.the *ear of the Crown oBices. We hope tfat-tthe necessity of tegiiliHy^elemeiag- tfawe. .places .«f public '-*b^venience will not be again lost sight of for such a length of time-in the. future. ? ; In the City 'Council; recently -Cr. Gogeri ? obmplaifced of ?*' naxfid^Tferrikins' being jaUowed' to 'run aboiit 'the fi^creatfeh 1 Ground. As he no 'doubt- alluded efco lads using the BatSiing House, it ojfould ? be ~iS well'if a constable were in (Btmcted to occasionally pay an unexpected .TJsifto'ttffl-t^tabliBhnjenf. no that order ,m^jht be maintained, and public decency be j not outraged. ^ Among the recent . obituary notices is 'that of Mr. Puly,ermacher, who many years 'ago.inveiit-^d'what.he called an electric belt, ' ^str^jogly 'recommenced for rheumatism: Mr. 1 Pulyerniacher was' not' ao 2«ng before the 1 -w^riilasJKai the fflfflbnaireTffr. Hollbway, or 'Mrlino, not many, year* ago ' clerk in an 'office in Newcastle, and nbw, if hot quite a ''millionaire or comfortably near it. Still, Mr. \- Polvertriacher made a bondaome income out of his odd coutrivancee, and is- another cx ?ampleoCthe fortunes .to be, -made by bold ? and Byatematic advertising. . ;'A We^ A-nfetraliaii expirec darned. Mark We^t is ' 'now- experiencing the effecter of wbman*s fickfefaesa. Thw ''Znight of In ?-dustty,** whose conduct' .on' the. lawn at FJletnington' tt'e o^«r day was somewhat Bpspicions, -waSgivebinto otistotljr by a Jsdy . .wWrnttsea her purse, iutw«feiet-off when hfe flapped on his lixtetsa' and^bjiggea^for jnjepcy. Later on. in the eyeming, bo^evsr. tneiU^Jy;^^^^!!!^^^! wmmij^.^un ,;t* tiw tender, mercies ot X-£l&ctive; G'Cal l4gan, wit^h!, the result that, he has now ' 'e itexed -on , a tjrelve . months' , . leaise of a ?G oyernment residence, . . , .., ... ? 1 the JBev. Dr. Parker, the great Bght of ti te CoHgrega*ional-Ofc«»ch in- I*)ndon, con p smphvtes (according to th« Anglo-is ew Ztalander) TisitingtSe Au8tr^fian -?crfo'niei ntext: jeat; J ThiEj', ^i.\% 'fteyvbx'Herrick vflle, near SydnBy, who is1 a-xing as the' doctor's agent^m' Ajis^rana, h^s openednp ? -j )mmunicationB ' '-witfr the Ybttng Men's 'Christian' A'esoeratioflff and Congregational I riionip of the drflferant Colonies in: whose Lehalf tbe popular orator ig- anxious io .Ucture *ad preach-- . , It. is . - not stated Whether the doctor intends to pay' thin Colony ^, visit, but of course it is quite probable he will do so. ; On Wednesday the -teachers and scholars of the EYemantle Wesleyan Sunday School took advantage of tbe -opportunity afforded them by the marriage ot Mr. J. A. Hicks and - Miss M. Wearne, to present the bride and bridegroom with a beautifully illumi nated address of congratulation, together with a- handsome whatnot and music stooL ais -tokens of their reepect and esteem. Miss Wearne has been a most indefatigable teacher in the Sunday School during the last three or four years, while Mr. Hicks has filled the position of Secretary during the same period of time. As the newly- wedded pair willreside in Perth for the future, the Fremantle school will sustain a severe loss , in its-staff of teachers. ?A- beautiful example of Christian humility was recently set to. the people . of South ' Witham, in Lincolnshire, by their, rector, the, Rev. W. L. TollemaeheTToUemache, ? who sent tha following letter to the master of the village school : — South Witham Rectory, September 17, 1884.— All the villagers desirous of coming to my house approach it in a becoming and respectful manner, i.e., through the back way and to the kitchen door. There is not a, farmer in the place who -ever has had, or would have, the impertinence to do otherwise. I desira that in future you willdo.the like. (Signed) E.: W. L. ? TotI.BiIACH*-Tor,l,ElIACHE.' Evidently the farmers of -South Witham highly appreciate the.- honor of having a double-barrelled Tollemache as their shep herd, as they humbly creep up to his back door. Teamsters had better be more on their guard for the future than they seem 1 1 1 be at present, as they appear to be ignorant of the fai-t that, when they are riding- on their drays, the law obliges them to ha.ve the reins in their grasp. This morning two teamsters, named Parker and Martin, appeared before the Police Magistrate to answer to tbe charge of having been riding on the shafts of their drays in Adelaide Terrace last Tuesday,, without holding the reins in their hands. The men frankly ad mitted the offence, but stated that their horses were extremely quiet and decile animals. Mr. Leake very properly pointed out that serious accidents might be caused by such negligence,- and after stating that he would deal with euch breaches -of the law with much greater severity for the future, fined each of the defendants Is., together with 5s. 6d. costs in each ease. The celebrated Dr. John t-ow, in one of his sermons, gave the following excellent advice to the young ladies of his flock : ? The buxom, bright-eyed, rosy-cheeked/ f ul. breasted, bouncing' lass; who can darn a stocking, mend browsers, make her own frocks, command a regiment of pots and kettles, feed the pig, chop wood, milk cows, wrestle with ? the' boys; and . be -a lady withal in company,' is just tbe sort of girl for me, and worthy foranyttianito marry. But you, ye pinning, moping, lolling, sere wed-up, wasp waisted, putty-faced, consumptive, mort gaged, music-murdering, no'vel-devonruig, daughters of fashion and idleness,, you are no more fit for matrimony than, a pullet is to look after a family of fourteen chickens. The truth ie, .njy dear girls, yon want more liberty and less fashionable restraint, more kitchen and Jess parlour, more leg exercise and less sofa, more pudding and less piano, more frankness and 'less mock modesty^ ? more breakfast, and leas lacing. Loose yourselves a little, enjoy - more liberty and less restraint by fashion, breathe the pure atmosphere of freedom, and become some thing as' lovely and beautiful as the (rod of Nature designed. The new Bishop of Sydney (Dr. Barry), in a recent charge to his clergy, said he thought the services of the church should b« more freely open to the poor ; he was not prepared to advocate the free and open church system as a matter of universal rule or even, ot universal expediency j but he thought a considerable number of places should be f reeand open to all, and that no places should be kept reserved for * single moment after the beginning of the organ voluntary before the service. He also con sidered that, wherever it was possible, there should be occasional service each Sunday in which the church should be absolutely free. It was useless to disguise from themselves the fact that the poor would not go to churches where they could obtain places only by favour or on 6uflera,Dce, and that ? as even experience in Sydney 6howed — the free and open churches were thoBe which they most willingly thronged. If their church was to be in »ny way a chun.-h open to all, they must do something towards practically realising a freer and more gener ous system. Adverting to the prevailing deaire for shorter and more varied services, and for the improvement of all that sur rounded the services with decency and beauty, he said he thought both desires were natural and good, but only provided that they be kept iu their right secondary place. The main object in the service of God wa$ apt to be easy; and attractive, demanding no Earn itioC, cfttlics; f-»r no exertion of spirit, pleasant aa a refined excitement, learning even to rival the amusements which dis tract tbe soul. That unfortunate young man John Rice, who recently snot himself in the stomach, has since succumbed Wthe injuries received. We understand that it in -the intention of Mr. H. W. Venn, the defeated candidate at the recent Wellington election, to contest,' in the Supreme Court, the legality of Mr. 5ay'a election to represent tbat constitu ency in the Legislative Council. With that ohjfHit in view Mr. Venn has filed a petition in tho Supreme Court, ia which bribery and corrrfptnonia alleged in connection with Mr. Hay'srtletrEian. . A ' correspondent writes: — 'As early as the tinje' x-f Alexander II; of Scotland, a man who let -wgeds go to eeed on a farm was -aecfer**!' uy Dei the ' king's enemy.- In DeniBark, fanoej*areieompelled to destioy ail weeds x-U their premises. InF/rance a .man may. prosecntej hie neighbour for damages who permits. ?ff^edsW.^'o to seed whiefc-jnay. en4an«er/neighbpurujg lands. How would, a similar Uwff^kjin W. A.?' The snbjfect.of tbe: fouWfeg. notice, taken from the, Melbourne Q&Uy; Telegraph, S8 -*il-*WWJ-34 ;,bighlx ..sespect^i in ttus Colony i— 'f jSti ^inquest was held on Saturday (Hov. 22) uMn'tb'e body ^f/Hgnry Hethenngtbn, formerly y draughtsman 'in' the Lands Office, who fell in ihe^tffee^r iand was remove!! to £ne! hb'spHtal, where he died. Death was found to have been «aused by inflammation of the lungs.' ' At a meeting of the Perth Gas Company, held at the United Service Hotel last Mon day week, tile shabeholders' unanimously agreed to the proposal : ot ? Atef. ^Directors anent various Tfej*i%l'g ; matters lib jjoonec tion with the Companyj ', : In (he interests of the City we are glad to ilearn that' i.th* Company's ? shares continue ia be,*ppiiecL for fey .residents in-all parte of the polony, and that its exteifeiv-e works for lighting op Perth- are likely to be in readiness pre paratory.toithe next winter» season. We notice tbatMr,A,,FoucharaVtfce well known watchmaker' ' and jeweller, has re inored firtantHe'snop he has fately occupied in the Town Hall building, to those much more commodious and suitable premises which have tecehtly been erected next door to the Shamrock Hotel. The display of jewellery to be seen in Mr. Fuuchard'a show windows fe calculated to arrest the attention of every passing pedestrian, the exhibits of oxidised and other silver- orna mente being «f an unusually varied, hand some, «ad therefore -attractive description. : The members of the' Christian. Brigade held i. tea meeting1 last Wednesday evening ?at Fremantle in Mr. Higham's ? null. The a^dmna-MM ^TgP, JBfi-,pdJTTg^aie local Brotestant clergy. After the tables haS bpen cleargyvittBnyyfeUeBaq) wyie deliror ihymne Vere sung in a very 'Hearty 'ana1 ^energetic manner. Altogettic, those pre sent paaud a very enjoyabla^tenu^. ; Oa the afternoon of the next day a-large number iayAHif-y--^*ft' a'*tf^nf^/**g* 9c^. -if ^sonsideraW .tion which the youngsters thoroughly appre ciated!'1 '' ' '','?''. \- One day last week a boy, named Stevens Was walking home-when he espied a purse lying upon tbe road. Picking it up he* opened it, when he found that it /contained no less than forty s6vartigns,iiagetljer-*Kith several hank notes. Therboy at. once de termined to take the purse and its contents to his father, but just before he got home a man came up on horseback,- and in -inost agitated tones asked the hid if he had seen a purse on the road. ?' Yes,' replied £he boy, 'and here it is.' 'Such honesty as' yours,' said the owner, 'ought to be re warded.' And after having received the purse and counted its contents to see that none of the money was missing, he gave the lad two half -crowns, and then at once rode away — no doubt to hide his blushes. The following is a list of the traffic earn ings of the Eastern Railway from Novem ber 1 to 28 : — Fremantle, passengers and parcels .£241 2s. 7dL, goods £106 10s. 3d., tonnage 629 tons 8 cwt. 1 qr. ; Perth, pas seng-ers and parcels £381 19s. 4cL, goods £238 16s. 2d., tonnage 255 tons 4 cwt ; Guildford, passengers and parcels .£129 7s. 5d., goods £58 14 3d., miscellaneous IBs. 6d., tonnage 634 tens 13 cwt. ; Chidlow's Well, passengers and parcete £74 5s., goodB JB290 16s. 2d,, tonnage 754 tons 5 cwt. 2 qrs. ; Interim Stations, passezigers and. par- cels £55 7s. 8d., miscellaneous, passengers and parcels £47 12s. 3d., miscellaneous £103 Is. Sd. Totals, passengers and parcels, £929 14s. 3d. ; goods, £694 16s. lOd. ; mis cellaneous, £103 15s. 2d. ; tonnage, 2273 tone, 10 cwt. 3 qrs. Not very long ago a contemporary stated that a train from Perth to Fremantle was detained on its journey, owing to the funnel of the engine getting entangled with the telegraph wire near the old. Depot. In commenting upon that statement, we, not unnaturally, reflected upon the carelessness of the telegraph authorities in allowing their wires to become so slack. Since then, how ever, we have been informed that our con temporary's statement wbjs not true in fact. It appears that -en the day in question the' large steam-crane was being taken down tbe line, and that owing to the jib of the machine not having been lowered to a proper level,- it caught, and injured the telegrapK-wira Then it is dearly evident that the telegraph authorities were quite free from blame in the matter. A correspondent writes to as complaining of the rage that has apparently set in for holding raffles. He says: — 'Lately raffles have increased in the most extraordinary manner in the City, and the prizes sub mitted to the throw of the dice vary from the noble horse to a twopenny half- penny breast-pin. Upon the most moderate com putation there cannot be less than halfa dozen raffles held every Saturday night, and now it is almost impossible to enter a single hotel in. the City without being solicited to take ' just one chance in this splendid ra&e.;' I am quite ignorant of the law upon the subject, but I venture to think that tbe multiplication of these raffles tends directly to the fostering of a dangerous spirit of gambling among our young men.' Oa Wednesday evening last a miscella neous entertainment took place at Jarrah dale, the proceeds of which were handed over to an employe of the Jarrahdale Timber Company, named Oliver, who some short time since, met with, very severe injuries. The public hall was crowded on the occassion, there being upwards of three hundred persons present, comprising chiefly the employes of Jarrahdale, together with, their wives and families. The performance consisted of several vocal and instrumental numbers, concluding with an amusing farce, entitled 'The Extravagant Wife.' The whole of the entertainment was placed upon the boards in a manner that would have done no discredit to professional organisers. Several visitors were present, including Mr. J. Wellard, Miss O'Grady, Miss Hardey, and Mrs. Sendey, the latter of whom, together with Mrs. Atkins, the wife of the esteemed manager, presided at the piano throughout the evening, Miss O'Grady also -charmingly rendered the ballad 'Once Again.' After paying the incidental ex penses, a sum of nearly £7 was handed over to the injured workman. Evidently a charitable and healthy tone pervades among the Jarrahdalians. The adjourned meeticg of Mr. David Gray's creditors was held in S. George's Hall on Friday afternoon, Mr. James Grave occupying the chair. The Chairman in formed Mr. Gray that Messrs. Eaadeil, Knight & Co. had withdrawn their opposition to 3 settlement by arrangement, and that consequently all the creditors were willing to accept 5s. in the £. Mr. Gray then stated that he was unable to give a guarantee to that effect, owing to Messrs. Sandover and Mayhew insisting upon selling under their bill-ofrsale. The action adopted by that firm was then very freely discussed, and was very strongly commented upon. Ul timately, upon the motion of Mr. W. F. Stevens, seconded by Mr. M. Wallis, a reso lution was passe* to the effect that the creditors should secure the services of Messrs. Leake and Harper (instructing them to retain the Attorney-General), in order to take steps to contest the legality of the bill-of-sale under which Messrs. Sand over and Mayhew had seized the insolvent's plant, material, and effects. Mr. Gray Ctated that on the next morning his solicitor would file bis petition fa the Supreme Court for liquidation by arrangement. The meeting then closed. 