LOED BROUGHAM'S GHOST STORY. " A MOST remarkable tbing," writes Lord Brougham, " happened to me—so remarkable tbat I must tell the etory from the beginning. After I left tbe high Sobool, in Edinburgh, I went with G , my most intimate friend, to attend tbe olases in the University. We frequently, in our walks, discussed and epeoulated upon many grave subjects—amongit others, on tbe immortal* lity of the soul and on a future state. 3?his question and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were enbjeote of much epeonlation ; and we aotually committed tbe folly of drawing up an agreement—written with our blood—to the effeot that whiohever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of tbe life after death. " After we had finished our classes at the college G went to India, having got an appointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few yeara I bad almost forgotton him; moreover, bis family, baringlittleoonnection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of tbem, or of him through them; eo that all the old sohool boy intimaoy bad died ont, ana I had nearly forgotten his existence. I bad taken, as I have said, a warm batb, and while in it, and enjoying tbe oonifort of tbe beat after the late freezing I had undergone, I turned my bead round towards the obair towards which I had deposited my olotbes, as I was about to get ont of tiie batb. On the ohair sat G looking calmly at me. " How l got out of tbe bath I know not but on reoovering my senses, I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or jffbat ever it was that bad taken tbe like. ness of G , bad disappeared. Tbe vision prodnoed suoh a shook that I badno inolina-. tion to lalk abont it or to .apeak about it, even to Stuart j bnt tbp impression it made upon ine was tbo vivid to be easily forgotten, andao strongly .'was I affected, by it that I have liere.written down the whole history, with the'date (19tb December), >nd all the partioulars, as they are aojv. Jfresji; before ma. For Mar* I bad had no eommuuioation with G——, nor had there been anything to reoall >htm tolmy recollection nothing had talten place during our Swedish travels, either connected with G—, or with India, or witb any tbihg related to Irim, or to any member of his family. I reoolleeted qniokly enough our old discussion, and the bargain we | bad made. X could not discharge from, my mind the' iin presetion that G-—must bare died, ana tbat bis apperanoe to me waBito be'reoeiveabyme as a proof of a fatjate state." This was on December 19, 1809\. In Optober, >86?,' Lord BroUgbam added as a postscript ^ " I have, jast been copying out'from my journal the aooount of this strange dream. Oerlissima mortis imago. And now to finish the etory begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return tD Edinburgh' there arrived a letter from India announcing G death, and stating that be had died on tbe 19th of December." 