THE SHAKSPEARE SOCIETY. THE Shakspeare Society met on Friday evening last, and there was a crowded attendance of members. Mr. V. Brown read a pajer on "Juliet," which excited the applause of the audience, and elicited a well-earned compliment from the president, Professor Morris. Mr. Brown took a thoroughly original view of Juliet's character, and kept his audience in roars of laughter by the difference between his conception of the fair daughter of Capulet and the commonly received oiie. He contended that Romeo won her young affections by giving her packets of lollies and bags of jam tarts whenever they met, and that it was only by such means as this that a child of her age could be made to fall in love with any man. The next paper was one by Mr. Q. Robinson, on the vexed question of " Was Macbeth mad ?" Mr. Robinson took the affirmative, and advance d unanswerable arguments in support of his theory. Macbeth, he pointed out, believed in witches. Was that not sufficient evidence of a disordered mind ? He not only believed in witches, but he constantly believed he saw ghosts, and even before a number of strangers, lords, attendants, etc., he kept up a running conversation with the ghost of Banquo. A sane man might object to physic, but no one but a lunatic would order it to be thrown to the dogs. In fact, if Macbeth were not mad, all the inhabitants of Kew and the Yarra Bend might be dismissed to-morrow. An animated discussion f i QBued, and it was carried by a large majority that Macbeth was mad, and that his wife was to blame fornot having him confined. Th Professor complimented Mr. Robinson on his able treatment of the subject. Mr. T. Jones then resumed the consideration of the question : "Had Othello wool or hair?" As there was no evidence for either covering the discussion was very heated, and Professor Morris had to interpose and suggest the postponement of the debate till the next night of meeting. An interesting paper was then read by Mr. Smith, to prove that Sir John Falstaff was not really a liar ; which was followed by one from Mr. D. Gaunson to show that the worthy knight was not fat. A number of other papers were read, each one of which was specially prepared for the purpose of showing that every idea that our fathers and mothers have entertained regarding Shakspeare's character was wrong, and that no one ever really grasped the meaning of the dramatist but the writer of the paper. The meeting then adjourned for a month. 