IN DAYS GONE BY.* Br AK OLD SBTTLBR, I COIAPTIE rv» I FANCY our melancholy Jaques coming out «¡tb a , blooming sensational story, said Boland. Hurrah I Peter of the noaa, «rho had been deeping at -only »au aboriginal aaa, roueedup at thia and abouted "Horra I Fo ahe'a a »holly,goo fella) Fo ahe'a a »holly goo fella." " Ghost of Homer t Do yon hear that 1 Why I Vour eloquence baa galvanised the niggers." Jack Condon said, by way of excuse for (Peter, "he hears the like about the pubB in town when fellows is a boorin' np a blt. They lams those things fast enongh," The party camped thero for the night ; in the morning at daylight Jack's voice arousod them. He haring passed the night in the boat at anchor. Breakfast having been dis- cussed. " Whioh way ara we going to-day, Gemment" asked Jack. No decision had been come to on the point. While they wero hesitating, Jacques proposed to visit some of the island.) . Agreed. The water keg was filled ; a start was made for a small island about twelve miles off shore. The wind, whioh promised well at starting, fell off. The flood tide was against thero, »till they reached the island about noon, On closer view, it did ; not seem to promise anything of interest But Boland said it waa one of the stations in 1 their pilgrimage, and though he had nc hope I of being called a Hadji or Badgl (with a look at Sims), visit it he must. "Perhaps," said Jaoques, "Badger might be tho more appropriate tami for yon." Horra I Jsoqo.es again. I named thia Island Arden in bia honour, though there does not seem to be anything.deterring the naree of tree on lt, let alone a forest, : I see a delightful little cove. Let us land there. This vas speedily doust Jade lit a fire while the others' strolled up the slope to see the new from the' top.-'., Howland «eat with Peter ta proapeot for oysters. Peter rather affected liowly's company, perhaps, because he understood Peter's gibberish better than the others. After a long search some bivalves were secured.- Snob a small quantity it seemed to them. Looking doa;n on the great masses on the seaward tide, where they were un- approachable, nothing hat a goat or a monkey could have found a pathway to tba water's edge. Bowly and Peter scrambled back to a sloping shelf where they stayed to rest a little. " Ton know im this place Peter ? " "Yohii Me come up a good while ago. Me picaauniny along « good many black- fellows." '?What foi comet j, "You «es masser, here, pointing to a reef visible tor some distance on the sooth of the island, big fellow canoe brokealongethat place. Plenty flour, plenty tugar, plenty ri, plenty everything ; sit down." By whioh Bowly understood that a vessel bsd been wrecked on the reef, and the cargo cf flour, sugar, tea, rice scattered atong the shore.,-, i, .. " Plenty, cask too, and bottle," added Peter. "Well, did you all get drunk? I suppose there was plenty of grog 1 "Yo-hi; plenty bottle too; hat (with a lugubrious tone and mournful shake of his bead) baal blackfellow been know im that time." -, No doubt if they had known the virtnss of the fire wafer there would have been a mon- strous spree. Bowly further discovered that there were chairs and tables, and many other things beyond Peter's powers of description. From what be could comprehend a portion of the cargo was machinery "like iteteamer,''alao that the figure-head waa washed ashore. " White gin, along a «addie make tm," was Peter's description. They did not eat the flour, not knowing how to cook it. The bags they kept for coverings sad threw it into the sea. They knew the sugar was good. They cat-eatr-eat-until that no good, meaning that they had siokened themselves. While | they ate their lunch Bowly told the others of this story, and Peter's great regret that " JilscKfeUovr bas! know bim grog." To con- sol? bim 'Boland gav« him a nip. They re- turned on board, and proceeded to a «maller island a,tar miles distant. As they neared it . Boland declared that he saw a vehicle of some i kind on the »hore. The others ridiculed the '< idea. It Tras not so easy to effeot a landing as ¡ on No,.. After a time they found a spot j suitable for the parpóse. Boland was right; < there was anew tip-cart very little the worse. , The ends of the shafts were frayed in dragging over the reefs. No maker'* name on it. Be- sides, there wera number of oedar and pine planks ; oates which bad fared worse than tho cart being smashed and tba contents alt gono, lay about. This was .near being a dear trip to thom all, lu their haste to see tba cut they left the boat together. Jack being the last. He put the painter carelessly round a low rock. When they had ended their survey and ¡ looked for her she was gone. Here was a ¡ misfortune. Sims bad gone to the left, and . cried out, "I seo him." There was aruBb, and there she was, bot folly two hundred i yards from tho shore, drifting away to tho I southward, under the oombined influence of wind and tide. There was no time for ¡ode- 1 ciaion; Sims and Jack stripped, and struck out for her. Those on stare »ero not to be envied meanwhile-on a bare rock, mites from the mainland, treeless and, what was of infinitely more importance, waterless, doomed to a lingering death if any accident befol the only two *bo could swim thc dis- tance. It seemed lours to them beforo they could see that JaJk had his hand on the gunwale. Sims Wey could not see. His strength might hive failed him-or, O Ged I the sharks. Breathless with excitement they watched. Bolard said, "I see him now; he is swimming lc and slowly ; I hope be is not exhausted.'' Sims was much Dearer to the boat than the* thought ; but be was well nißh beaten. "What had become of Jacki They had set« bim grasp the boat's side. Where was fe t Surely a shark could not trave taken him. A few minutes more of suspenso-hrurs, measured by their feelings. Something rppoared on the boat's side. Still no sign of r*il being set. The boat seemed to be leaving them. What would the end bo J At last tw> objects could be distinguished on board the >>°at, the salis were set, and she was heine wo ked up to them. A^larasmsn never can be made ta under- stand vny a vessel nnder sail cannot be made to go jirect to a given point. Boland waa a Und<msn pnre and simple, as far ss the manacement of tho boat was conoornel. As the lost did not come directly to thom he imaged abe would never come. "Why dor* they come 1 They are leaving OB hero to die ;" and loon, the rofram being suttained by "him of tho nose," who, as B0und said afterwards, was " chanting his detth song-a musioal performance, in itsolf nrt at all cheerful or comforting. Rowly was wient. He and death had boen close to each .Hier many times, lt seemed to him worse .than useless to howl about the matter. Boland was not reassured fully until thc boat's prow grated on the rocks. With jny lul hearts they stepped ou board ; mi.l only then did they confess the intense thirnt which hail possession of them. The very thought of > hoing doomed to die of thirst had awakened ' ' Written for the CavrUmminn bf a gentleman of (on; and Tarted COIODUH erptrtenct i it Having satisfied their craving with the addition on the second oooaBion of Borne rum, tho boat's head being once moro pointed to the mainland, J auk told his story, " The boat ? did not seem such a long way j off-did it Gemmen T But the water is very deceiving, and she was a travellin ; the wind waa drivin her ; we hit out as hard as wo could, but the farther wo swam the further we seemed to be behind. Slinrks T No, I did not think of 'em. What's the use 1 ! We had Sot to fetch ¡the boat j that is what we had to o ; and if they took us bow was we to better oursolves by thinking of it. I was nearly done when I caught the gunnel. I was a good while before I could pull myself aboard. I see as Mr. Sims wore worse nor me, so I sung out to bim to go easy an just keep himself afloat. I dunno whether he heard . me or not." "I heard your voice, but could not tell what you said,',' Sims said. "I knew I was nearly done, so I just kept myself afloat, and hard work at that." Poor chap ! He looked very pale and exhausted. " I knew," continued Jack, " that if I put the sail on her I might never fetch him, and that would bo all's one as murder ; so I got an oar ont to leeward, and paddled her I up gently to him. I bad a job to get him on board, seeing os how ho could not help me much, an I wcro party well blown myself, Well we aro are all right now It were a tight squeeze. But geminen, I tell ye this. If so be as I had not fetohed tho boat When I did I'd nave thrown my hands up. For it all happened through my con- founded carelessness. "I am much obliged to you both said Boland. And Sima old man I ll never tay a word more about the "- , Jaques put hie baud over Boland's mouth. '.'I must confesa aaid Bowly," X did not feel at'all comfortable I have as much physical courage as most men. But it is an awful thing to faee a lingering death, like what would have been our fate, on yon rocky islet, I If you had not reached the boat, 's "Yea," said Jack, "it were a'bsd place. Plenty of wood to make a fire and n big smoke. But no vessels dome sb far in. If they ' aáw a big smoke. Very likey, they would think, ?twas the Blacks. We will just bave time to make the creek by dark, the wind is fair boss. There's no other place to make for as I know on." Steer for the oreek was the cry Jacques who waa looking over the boats side said suddenly. "Look here you fellows wo are Bailing over a garden. And a beautiful garden it it is. Look at those plants. What colour f What beauty? Could we not get some of them ? " Lord bless your heart said Jaok, if you bad them ye would throw them away, them's only weeds that grows on the coral. The moving of tho water, and the way tho sun is shining on cm slantway like, that's what makes em look so pretty. The sun was getting low by this time. Boland was afraid, they could not find their way into the creek in the dark. Jack ect hi: mind at rest. Producing a boat compass, and pointing out the hill under which they had camped. " Not BB I will wftDt it even if we don't get in before dark, I could smell my way in arnott. As darkness drew on the water seemed ton fire with myriads of fish ooming into the creek with the flood. Every now and then a large body rushed past the boat, leaving in its wake a line of fire. Large medusa: floated along like globes of brightness. 7 he water seemed endowed with life ; but no one regretted hear- ing the boat's prow strike the sand. Tho cooking utensils were hondod out. A bright Gre soon shed its glow on the dark back ground of the hill-side. The bnBhes around the camp glistened with tbe dew in tho light of the fire. All were too hungry to talk much ; their day's experience bad somewhat sobered them. When the meal was over, Jack went on board the boat, and moving her from tbe bank, anchored, and was soon asleep. His swim bad made bim tired. The others sat talking over the events of the day. 1 Jacques and Boland soon dropped off ; Rowly and Sima were alone-as for him of the noso, having scraped a hole in the sand to reçoive his body, and lighted a email fire on each sido of bim, he soon gave oral evidence of haviug auooumbed to the drowsy god. ( To ha mnHnued. ) 