THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. By ANNA CATHERINE GREEN. ; Chapxek XXXVIL— CDxamrATioir. Saint seducing gold. —B0MSO AND JULIET. Whan our actions da not, Cut fears do not make ui tutors. — Macbeth. I never saw such a look of mortal triumph -n the face of a man as that whlsh crossad the countenance of the detective, ' Well.' said he, 'this is unexpected but oot wholly unwelcome. I am truly glad to eaic Mies Leavenworth is innocent, bat X iiust bear some few more particulars before X shall be satisfied. Get up, Mr. Harwell, and explain youneif. If you are the murderer of Mr. Leavenworth, how comes it that things look so black agalntt everybody bat your lelf?' Bat in the hot feverish eyes that sought turn from the writhing form at his feet, there was mad anxiety and pain, but little explana tion. Seeing him making unavailing efforts to speak, I drew near. 'Ltan on me,' said I, lifting him to his feet. His fs.ee relieved forever from Its mask of repression, turned towards me with the look of a despairing spirit. 'Save!' gasped he. 'Save her — Marj — they are sending a report —stop it 1' ' Yes,' broke in another voice. ' If there Is a man here who believes in God and prizes woman's honor, let him stop the issue of that report.' And Henry Clavering, dignified as ever but in a state of extreme agitation, stepped into our midst through an open door at our right. But at the sight of his face the mm in oar arms quivered, shrieked, and gave, one bound that would have overturned Mr. Clavering, herculean of frame as he was, had not Mr. Gryee interposed. ' Walt !' cried he ; and holding bwk the secretary with one hand— where was his rheumatism now— he pat the other in his pocket and drew thence a document which he tfcld. up before Mr. Clavering. 'Ic has not gone jet,' eaid he ; ''he easy. And you,' he vent on, turning towards Trueman Harwell, ' be quiet or ? ' His (sentence was, cut short by the min spticgicg from bis grasp. 'Latins go,' shrieked he. ' Let me have my revenge oa him who in face of all I have done for 4I*ry Leavenworth, dares to call her his wife ! Lat me ? ' But at this point he paused ; his frame, which bad been one tremble, stiff -aing into stone, and his clutching bauds out stretched for his rival's throat, falling heavily back. ' Uark !' oaid he, glaring ov-jr Mr. Ciaverirjg'a shoulder ; ' it is ebe ! I hear her ! I fed ber ! she is on the stairs ! she is at the door ! she ? ' Alow shuddering sigh of long ing and despair finished the ssntencs, the door opened, and Mary Leaven worth stojd btfore us. It was a moment to make young hairs turn grey. To see her face, so pale, so haggard, no wild in it* fixed horror, turned towards lit cry OlavtriDg, to the utter ignoring of tha resl actor in this most horrible scene ! True ttisn Harwell could not stand it. 'Ah, ah !' cried be, 'look at her! cold, ccld ; not or.e glance for m? though I hare jutt drawn the halter from her seek and f «s- tectd it about my own.' And breaking from the clatp ot the mart who In hU jealuas r&i;»e would now bave withheld him, he fell on his ki:?cs btfore Mary, c-utchtrg ber dreia with frcxzi&d; bonds. 'You shall look at me,' fie cried; 'ycu shall listen to me; 1 will not lute body and soul for nothing. Mary, ihey said you were la peril ; I coali not endure that (bought, so I uttered the truth. — jpb, though I knew what the consequence would be — and all I want now, is for you to cay you believe me when I declare that I only meant to secure to you the fortaae yoa so much desiied ; that I never dreamed It wculd coma to this ; that it was became I loved you and haped to win your lave ia return that I ? ' But tbe did not seem to see him— did not seem to bear him. Her eyes were fixed upon HeDry ClaveriDg with sa awful enquiry in lh-h depth?, sod none but he could more her. 'Ycu do cot hear me !' shrinked the poor wretch. 'Ice that you ara, you would not tuiE -our bead if I should call to you from the depths; of hell !' But. even that cry fell unheeded. Pushing ber hands duwn upon his shoulders, as thoa^n, sheflould sweep some impediment from her |j«'t, ehe tndravored to advance. ' Way U tbat ia an here?' cried she, indicatlop her hushsno wiib one quivering htad. ' Whit has he done that be should be brought here to cor front me uc this awful time?' ' 1 to'o b-*r to come here to meet hor u&cleV; murderer,' wbiupered Mr. Gi-yce into ity tar. But before. I could reply to ber, befare Mr. Claveriug hi -n self could murmur a word, the guilty wretch before her had started to hU feet. ?' Doi«'t you k&o;* V cried, he ; ' then I will i*)l 3^u. It u because these gentlemen, cliivclrcus acd honorable as they cousider themselves, think tbat you, the beauty end the Sybarite, committed with your ova white hand the deed of blood which has brought yon freedom and fortune. Yes, yes, this men' — turning aud pointing at me — 'friend as he has made himself out to bs, kicdly and honorable as you have doubtless believed him, but who in every look he has btstovre-3 upon you, every ward he has uttered in your bearing during all these four horrible Vfcekp, has been weaving a cord for your neck — thinks yon tbe assassin of your uacle (« deep, perhaps, this other who calls you wife) utknoning that a man stood at your side, itsdy to sweep half the world from your path if that same white hand rose in biddlag. ?Stat I ? ' 'You?' Ah ! towshe cjuldseebim— aow tbe could bear him ! 'YeE,'cluttbineherrobaagaina58li9tta5tUy recoiled, 'DHn's you know it? Wnou ia that dreadful hour of your rejection by yo-ir uncle ycu cried aloud for some one to help you, dion't joukcow ? ' ' Dcn't !'' bbe sbriekfd. barstlng froaj him with a look of unepeaKable horror. 'Djbl'c fa- tbat! Oh,' sbe gasped, 'is the mad cry of a stricken woman tor aid and sympathy the call of a murderer?' And turning like a CCe struck to the heart by tha deadly array the moaned, ' Who that ever looks at me no* Will forget that s man — such a man ! a man. ec low 1 bave ever disdained to lot my shadow fall beside bis leat we should stem to walk oa a Jew 1— thought, dared to think, that became I was in mortal perplexity I would accept the murder ot my best friend as a relief fro-n it!'' Her fcorror was unbounded. ' Oh, what » cb&sticcment; for foUy V she murouirad. 'Wbat a punishment for the love of money, wbith bae always been my curse !' Henry Clavering could no longer restrain fcirnstif. Leaping to her side he bsni over ter. ' Whs it nothing but folly, M.ary? Are jou guiltless of any deeper wron?? Is there Lo iinkof complicity between yea two? Have j ou nothing on your soul bat an inordinate desire to preserve your place in your uncle's v*]ii, even at toe rrait ul urca&utK; tuj uwr* tnd wronging your noble cousin ? Are yju innocent in this matter? Tell me!'' Liytng his band on her head he pressad it slowly back acd gazed into her eyes ; then without a word took her to bis breast and looked calmly around him. ' She If,' eaid he. It was the uplifting of a stifling pilL Ni one in the room, unless it was the wretched criminal ehivering before us, but (ett a sad den influx of hope. Evan Btary'o own coau tenance caught a glow. 'Ob,' she waie pered, withdrawing from his arms tha better to look into his face, 'a^d is thi* th-3 caan I have trifled with, injured, and tortured, till the very name of fttarj Leaven worth might well make him shudder ! Ii this he whom I csrrif d In e fit of caprice only to forsake aad dery! Henry, do you declare me innocent ic tace oi all you have eecn and heard ; ia faaa of tbat moaning, chattering wretch before us and of my own quaking flesh and manifest terror ; vr ith the remembrance oa joar heart, and in your mind of the letter I wrote you. tbe morning after the mu- der, in which L. prayed vou to keep away from me, as I was in such deadly danger the least hint given to the* world That 1 had a secret to coacoai «ousd destroy me ? l-o you, caT- yoa, »ill you -ie- clB-re rce innocent before God aud tae woria?' *' I do,' sa'd be. A light snub as had never visited her fiee before passed slowly over it. 'Tata God forgive me the wren? I have done this noble heBrt, for I can never forgive myself ! W»U !''? she caid as he opened bis Up?. 'Before I? aceppt »cy further tokens of your gt-nef-ost confidence kt me show you what I am. Ysa shall knew the wont of the woman you h«se taken to your heart. Mr. Raymond — ' fejd she turned towards me fcr the first time — ''Ha thcpedsjs wben with zuch »d earnest deaire-tor my welfare (as I believe, notwithstanding: this man's iasinuatton!}, you Bought to indues me, to speak out and tell all I know conceruloe this dreadful deed, I did not do it b&s;,use off one thirg ; I was afraid, I knew the case- looked dark against me,Gleanoreb«dtold m* so. E'eanore herself— e£d it was the keenest rare I had to endure— bellevci me guilty. SU badherreasors. She ta« fir*t, rroax tbe directed envelop' 'be nwl fiaad l*in« rnidprnpath my uncle'* dea/i boay on the hbjarv table, tbat he had been engaged at 1BW)« to make that change in h« mU ™f* -s.,uid tranter my cUims to har; ?*-*£*- * *» I bad ™-«» oo-«. 1«^?.rtinsth? ''*h,J before, tbrniRh I cVuiiitt. for -he hai h«r4 cut Bat that was cot s.!l. tte kw As;. «ver» cli tOt to bo a v&.lu«e ? ptoot ot fej*ft »b««v«* found had bren piotod up by her feom the floor ot my room ; M» letter wtt*» T-y Mr. Olaverlog to my uncle was found la my fire ; and the handkerchief which she had seen me take from tbe basket of clean clothes ma produced at the inquest stained with plstol-gretae, I could not account lor these things. A web seemed tangled about my feet. 3 could not stir without encountering some new toil. I knew I was innocent, but if I failed to satisfy of it one who loved me, how could I hope to convince the general public if cnce wiled npon to do eo. Worse still, if pure-faced Eleunore, with every apparent motive for desiring long life to oar ancle, was held in such suspicion because of a few cir cumstantial evidencss&gtinst; her, what would I not have to fear if the truth concerning these things was told ? The tone and manner of the juryman »t the inquest that asked who would be most benefited by ray uncle's will, ffcowed bat too plainly. When, therefore, Elc&nore;, true to her heart's genercas in stincts, closed her lipi and refused to speak when fpeech would bave been my ruin, I let ber on it, in«lit-it',g mjseif with the thought t.ett the hid dtctac-d me capable of crime and bo nsustbtartfcccpnetqaences. Nor when I raw how -?res-?ful there were likely to prove, did I relent, Fe&r; of the ignominy, suspense, end. corner that Trould lollow confession re&ied; roy lips. Only once did I hesitate. Teat was wheo, in the last conversation we bad, I raw that notwithstanding appearances sen believed in Elesnore's innocence, and the thought crossed me you might be induced to bi Htve in mine if I threw myEelf upon your mercy, But just then Mr. Clavering came, and ss in a dash I seemed to realise wfcat my future life would be. stained by suspicion, and icatead of jieldiog to rny impulse went so far ia the other direction as to threaten Mr, Clsvering with a aerial of our marrUge if fcs spproacbed me again till all danger was over. ' Tex, he will tell yon that was my wclcaiae to him wbtn with been and brain racked by long suspense, he came to my door for one word of assurance that the peril Isras in was sot of my own making. That was the greet ing I gave him after a year of silence, every moment of which was torture to him. B it he forgives me ; I see it in his eyes ; I hear it in his accents ; and yon— ob^if in the long years to come you can forget what I have made Eleanore znfier by my selfish fears ; if with the shadow of her wrong before you, yon can by tbe grace of some sweet hope thiok a little less hardly of me, do. I sm afraid X ah $11 rever be worthy of it, but yet if yon cm, do. As for this mm — torture could not bs wo?se to me than this standing with him in the same room— let him come forward end de clare if I by look or word have given btm reason to believe I understood his passion, mcch lest returned It ' 'Why ask?' gasped be. 'Dan't yon see It was jour indifference that drove me mad ? To stand before yon, to agonise after joa, to follow yen with my thoughts in every nwve Son mode, to know my soul was welded to yours with bands of steel no fire could melt, bo force destroy, no strain dissever ; to sleep ?under the same rcof, tit at the same table, and jetmcet cot so much as one look to show me 3 ou understood ! It was tb»t which m«de my life a hell. I was determined yon should enderstend. If I had to leap into a nit of flame \aa should knowwhat I wss. »nd what my passion for yen was. And yon do, You comprehend it all now. Shrink as you will from my presence, cower as you may to tbe weak man you call husband, yoa cm cover forget the love of Truemau Harwell ; never forget that love, love, love, burning love for year beauty, was the force which led me down into your uncle's room that night and lent me will to pull the trigger which poured all the wealth yon bold this day into 2ponr lap. Yes,' he went on, towering in bis preternatural despair till even the noble form of Henry Clavering looked dwarfed bsside turn, 'every dollar that chinks from your puree shall talk of me. Every gewgaw which Sashes on that haughty head, too haughty to bend to me, shall shriek my name into your ears. Fashion, pomp, luxury— you will have them all ; but till gold loses its glitter, satin it* gloss, and ease its attraction, ycu will sever forget the hand that gave them to yon !' With a look whose evil triumph I cannot describe, be put hii hand into tbe arm of tbe waiting detective, and in another moment would have been led from the room, when Mary, crushing down the swell of emotions that was seething in her breait, lifted her bead and said, ' No, Trneman Harwell, I cannot give you even that thcught for your comfort, Wealth that is laden with snch a burden were torture. I cannot accept the torture eo must release the wealth, even if it were mine to dispose of, which it is sot. From this day Mary Claver ing owes nothing but that which comes to her from the hush&nd; she has eo long and basely wronged.' And raising her hands to tercet the tore out the diamonds which bung there, and flung them at the feet of the uiifcrtucate man. It was the final wrench of tbe rack. With » yell such as I never thought to listen to from the lips of a man, be flung up his arms, wbile »U tbe lurid light of madness glared tin his face. ' And I have given my sjul to beil for a shadow!'' moaned he, 'for a shadow !' ' Well, that is the best day's work I ever did ! Your congratulations, Mr. Raymond, npon the success of the most daring game ever played in a detective's office.' X looked At the triumphant countenance of Mr. Gryce in amazement. 'What do you mean ?' I cried ; ' did you plan all this ?' 'Did I plan it?' he repeated. ''Gould X stand here, seeing bow things have turned out, if I had not! Mr. Raymond, let ns be comfortable. Ton are a gentle man, but we can well shake hands over this. I b&ve; never known snch a satis factory conclusion to a bad piece of busi ness bi all my professional career.' We did shake bands long and fervently, and then I asked him to explain himself. ' Well,' said be ; ' there has always been ©ne thing that plagued me even in the very i&ome;&t; cf my strongest suspicion against this woman, and that waa the pistol-cleasing business. I could not reconcile it with what I knew of womankind, I could not make it seem the act of a woman. Did you ever know a weman wbo cleaned a pistol or who even knew the object or use of doing S3? 2fo. They can fire them and do; bat after fiiisg them they do not clean them, 2?ow it is a principle which every detective recognises tbe troth of, that if of a hundred leading circumstances connected with a crime, ninety-nine of these are acts pointing to the suspected party with unerring certainty, bat tho hundredth equally important act, one which that person could not have performed, tbe whole fabric of suspicion is destroyed. Recognising this principle then, as I have said, I hesitated when it came to tbe point of arrest. The cfaa'-n was complete, the links were fastened, but one link was of a different sizs and mate rial from tbe rest, and in this argued a break in the chain. I resolved to give her a final chance. Summoning Mr. Clavering and Sir. Harwell, two persons whom I bad no reason to suspect, but who were tbe only individuals beside herself who could have committed ibis crime, being tbe only persons of Intellect ?who were in the bouse or believed to be, at the time of the murder, I notified them separately that the assassin of Mr. Leaves ?worth was not only found but was about to be arrested in my house, and that if they wished to bear the confession which would be sure to follow, they might bave the oppor tunity of doing so by coming here at sucb an hour. They were both too much interested, though for very different reasons, to refuse ; and I succeeded in inducing them to conceal themselves in the two rooms from which you caw them issue, knowing that if either of them had committed this deed he had done It tor the love of Mary Leavenwortb, and consequently could not hoar her charged with crime and threatened with arrest, without betraying himself. I did not hops much from tbe experiment; least of all did I anticipate that Mr. Harwell wonld prove to be the guilty man— but live and learn, Mr, Raymond, live and learn.' Chattee XXXVITL— A Fhl Cokfsssiox, Between tbe acting of a dreadful thine. And tbe fireD motion, all tne interim it Lite a phantasms or a bideoqs dream ; She genius and tbe mortal instruments. Are then in council ; and the state of a m Jn; Like to a little HBgdoro, suffers then Tbe nature of an insurrection. —JCXICS C-ESiK. I am sot a bad man ; I am only an intense one. Ambition, love, jealousy, hatred, re venge—transitory emotions with some — are terrific patsions with me. To be sure they are quiet and concealed one«, coiled serpents that make no stir till aroused, but then, deadly in their spring and relentless in their action. Those wbo bave knows me best hive not known this. My own mother was igno rant of It. Often and often have I heard her »Ji' If Trueman only had more senubility ! if Trueman were not so indifferent to every, thing ! In short, if Trueman had moreloo—r in him J' Ml J;ainiM It was the same at school. No one under stood me. They thought me meek ; called me Doughface. For three yean they called me liiis, then I turned npon them. Choosing oat their ringleader, I felled him to the ground, laid him on his back and stamped upon him. He wss handsome before my foot came down; afterwards— well, it is enough, be never calle- me Doughface again. In the store I entered coon after I met with oven less appreciation. Regular at my work and exact in my per formance of it, they thought me a good machine and nothing more. What heart, son], and feeling could a man bave who never sported, never smoked, and never laughed ? I could reckon np figures correctly, but one scarcely needed -heart or soal for that. I could even write day by day and month by month without showing a flaw in my copy, but that only argued I was no more than they intimated, a regular auto maton. IletthemthinksOjWiththeoertainty rcfore me that they would one day. change their minds as others had done. The fact was I Joved nobody weU enough, sot even myself, - to care for any man's opinion. Life was well-. ' nigh * blank to me ; a dead level plain that bad to be traversed whether I would or not. And such it might have continued to this day if I had never met M«ty Lsavenwortb. But when, some nine months since, I left my desk in the counting house for a seat, in Mr. Lc&venvorth;'a library a blazing torch fell into my soul, whose flame has never gone oat and never will ml the doom before me is ac complished. She wre eo beautiful! When on that first evening I followed my now employer into the parlor and saw this woman standing np before me in her half -alluring, half-appalling charm, I brew as by a lightning flash what my future wccld be if I remained in that houee. She ?wee in one ef her haughty moods.and bestowed upon me little more than a passing glance. But her indifference made alight inpreasioa upon see then ; it was enough that I was allowed to stand in her presence and lock enrebnked upon her loveliness. To be fore it was like gazing into the fljwer wreathed crater of an awakened vol cano. Fear and fascination were in each moment I lingered there ; bat fear and fas cination made the moment what it was, and I cou'd cot have withdrawn if I would. Acd eo it wss -always. Unspeakable pain »=, well ss pleasure was in the emotion with *tbieh I regarded her. Yet for all that I did not cease to study her hour by hour and day hy day ; her smiles, her movement, her way of turning her head or lifting her eyelids. I *ad a purpose in this ; I wished to knit her beauty eo firmly into tbe warp and woof of my being that nothing should ever serve' to tear it away. For I saw then as plainly as plainly as now, that coquette though she w«, sbo would rever stoop to me. No ; I might lie down at her feet and let her trample over me, she would not even tura to see what it ttss she bad stepped upon. I might spend days, months, years, learning the alphabet of her wishes, she would not thank me for my pains oreven raise the lashes from her chaek to look at me as I passed. I was nothing to her, conld not be anything unless— and this thought came slowly — I could in some way becrme her master. Meantime I wrote at Mr. LsavenwortVs dictation and pleased him. My methodi cal ways were just to bis taste. As for the other member of the family— Miss Eleenore Leavenworth— she treated tee jast as one of ber proud bat sym pathetic nature might be expected to do. Not familiarly, but kindly ; not as a friend, but as a member of the household whom she met «TFry day at table, and who. as she or any one else could see, was nose too happy or hopeful. Six months went by. I bad 1 gained tsro things— firrt, that Mary Iieavenworth loved her position aa prospective heiress ta a large fortune above every other earthly considera tion ; and secondly, that she was in the pas Efssion of a secret which endangered that poll tion. What this was I had for some time no means of knowing. Bat wben later I b 3oam8 convinced it was one of leva, I grew hopef al, Etiange aa it may seem. For by this time I bad learned Mr. Leavenworth's disposition almost as perfectly as that of bis niece, and knew that in a matter of this kind he would be uncompromising; and that in the clashing of these two wills something might occur which wonld give me a hold upon her. The only that troubled me was the fact that I did not know the name of the man in whom she was interested. But chance soon favored me here. One day — a month ago now, I sat down to open Mr. Leavenworth'a mail ai ntusl. One letter— shall I ever forget it ? ran thus: — Hcfimann House, March 1, 1876. Mr, Horatio Iieavenworth— Dear Sir — You have a niece whom you love and trust, one too who seems worthy of all the love and trust that you or any other man can give ber; so beautiful, so charming, so tender is she in face, form, manner, and con versation. But, dear sir, every rose has its there, and your rose is no exception to this role. Lovely as she is, charming as she is, tender as she is, she is not only capable of trampling on the rights of one who trusted her, but of bruising the heart and breaking tbe spirit of him to whom she owes all duty, honor, and observance. If yon don't believe this, ask her to her cruel, bewitching face, who and what is her humble servant and yours, ?' : Hejtey Bitches Clivekistg. If & bombshell had exploded at my feet, or the evil one himself appeared at my call, I should not bave been more astounded. Not only was the name signed to these remarkable words, unknown to me, bnt the epistle Itself was that of one who felt himself to be her master, a position which a? you know, I wu myeclf aspiring to occupy. For a few micutes, then, I stood a prey to feelings of the bitterest wrath and despair ; then I grew calm, realising that with this letter in my possession, I was virtually the arbitrator of her destiny. Some men would have sought her ticre and teen, and by threatening to place it in htx uncle's band, won from h6r a look of entreaty if no more; but I — well, my plans went deeper than that. I knew that she must be in extremity before I conld hope to win ber. She must feel herself slipping over the edge of the precipice, before she would clutch et the first thing offering succor. I decided to allow the letter to pass into my employer's hands ! But it had been opened ! How could I manage to give it to him in this condition without exciting his suspicion ? I knew of but one way ; to let him see me open it for what be would consider the first time. So. waiting till be came into the room, I approached him with the letter, tearing off the eud of the envelope as I came. Opening it, I g&ve; a cursory glance at its contents and tossed it £own on the table before it. ' Tfcat appears to be of aprivatecharacter, stid I, 'though there Is no sign to that effect on the envelope.' He took it up wbile I stood there. At the first word he started, looked at me, seemed satisfied from my expression that I had not read far enough to realise its nature, and whirling slowly around in his chair, devoured the remainder in silence. I waited a moment, then withdrew to my own desk. One minute, two minutes passed in silence ; he was evi dently re-reading the letter, then he hurriedly rose and left tbe room. As he passed me I caught a glimpse of bis face in the mirror. The expression I saw there did not tend to lessen the hope that was rising in my breast. By following him almost immediately np etaixs I ascertained that he went direst to Mary's room, and when in a few hours l«tor the family collected around the dinner table, I perceived, almost without looking up, that a great and inturmountable barrier had been raised between him and his favorite niece. Xwo d&ys; passed; days that were for me one locg and unrelieved suspense. Had Mr. Lt&vcnwcrth; answered that letter? Would it all end as it had begun without the appear* ance of the mysterious Clavering on the scene ? I could not tell. Meanwhile my monotonous work went on, prind'ng my heart beneath its relentless wheel, I wrote and wrote and wrote till it seemed as if my life blood went from me with every drop of ink I used. Always alert and listening, I dared not lift my head or turn my eyes at any unusual scand lest I should seem to be watching. The third night I had a dream; I have already told Mr. Raymond what it was, and hence will not repeat here. One correction, however, I wish to make in regard to it. In my state ment to him I declared that the faoe of the man whom I saw lift his hand against my employer was that of Mr. Clavering. I lied when I said this. The face seen by me in my dream was my own. It was that fact which rcede it so horrible to me. In the crouching figure stealing warily downstairs, I saw as in a glass the vision of my own form. Other wise my account of the matter was trne. This vision bad a tremendous efiect upon roe. Was it a premonition ? a forewarning of the way in which I was to win this coveted creature for my own? Was the death of her uncle the bridge that was to span the im passable gulf between us! I began to think it might be; to consider the possibilities which conld make this the only path to my elysium ; even went so far as to picture her ovely face bending gratefully towards me through the glare of a sudden release from some emergency in which she stood. Oas thing was sure; If that was the way I mua go, I had at least been taught how to tread it ; and ail through the dizzy, blurred day that followed I saw.' as I sat at my work, repeated visions of that stealthy, purposeful figure stealing down the stairs and entering with uplifted pistol into the onconscioui presence of my employer. I even found my self a dozen times that day turning my eyes upon the doer through which it was to come, wondering bow long it would be before my actual form would pause there. That the moment was «thand I did not imagine. Kven wben I left him that night after drinking with him the glass of sherry mentioned at the inquest, I bad so idea the hour of action was so near. But when, not three minutes after going upstairs, I caught the sound of a lady's dreES rustliDg through the hall, and, listening, heard Mary Iieavenworth pass my door on her way to tbe library, I realised that tbe fatal hour was come ; that something was going to be said or done in that room which would make this deed necessary. What! I determined to ascertain. Casting about in my mind for the means of doing so, I remembered that the ventilator running np through the house opened first into the dm sage- way connecting Mr. Eieavenworth'a bed room and library and secondly Into the closet of the large spare room adjoining mine. Hastily unlocking the door of the communi cation between the rooms I took my position in the closet. Instantly the sound of voices reached my ears; all was open below, and standing there I was as much an auditor of what went on between Mary and her uncle as if I were in the library ittelf. And what did I hear? Enough to assure me my suspicions were correct; that' it was a moment of vital Interest to her; that- Mr. Leaven worth, in pursuance of a threat evidently made some time vince, was in- the act of taking steps to change -his 'will, -and that she had some to make an appeal to be forgiven her fault and restored to hi* favcr. What that fault waa I did not learn. Ko mention was made of Mr. Ctevericg as her husband. I only heard her declare that her action had bsen the result of impulse rather than love, that she regretted it, acd desired nothing more than to ba free from all obligations to one she would fain forget and be again to her uncle what sho was before the ever saw this nma. I thought, fool tb»t I was, that it was a mere engage ment sbe was alluding to, and took the ineBsest hope from these words, and wheu in a moment later I heard her uncle reply in bis sternest tenss that sho had irreparably forfeited her claims to his regard and favor I did not need her short and bitter cry cf fcfcamo and disappointment, or that low taoan for some one to help her to saand his declb-knell in my heart. Creeping bask to £-y osrn room I waited till I heard ber re ascend, then I stole forth. Calm aa I had ever been in my life I went down the stairs, joet ss I bad seen myself do in my dreaai, fend knocking lightly at the library door, went in. Mr. Ls&venffcrth; was titling in his uecal place writing. 'Excuse me,' said I as he looked up, 'I have lo.t ay memorandum-book aud think it possible I m&y; have dropped it in the passage way when I went for the wine.' He bowed, and I hurried past him into the closet. Oacs there I proceeded rapidly into the roam be yon-3, procured the pistol, returned, and almost before I realised what I was doing had taken up my position behind hi a, aided, and fired. Xce result was what you know. Without a groan bis bead fell for ward on his bands, bnd Mary Lo&ven; worth was the virtual possessor oi tbe tnoaj&n;&j; sbe coveted. My first thought was to procure the letter be was writing. Approaching the table I tore it out from under bis hands, looked at it, saw that it was, as I expected, a summons to his lawyer, arid thrust it into my pocket, together with the letter from Mr. Clavering, which I perceived lying spattered with bioad on the table before me. TSot till thia was done did I think of myself or remember the echo which that low, sharp report suut have made in the house. Dropping the pistol at the side of the murdered man, I stood xeady to shriek to any one who entered that Mr. JLeavemrorth bad killed himself. Bat I was saved from committing such a folly. The report had cot been beard, or it so, had evi defitfy failed to create aa alarm, 7So one came, and I was left to contemplate my work undisturbed, and decide upon file best course to be taken to avoid detection. A moment's study of tbe wound made in his bead by the bullet convinced me of the impossibility of passisg the affair off as a suicide, or oven the work of a burglar. To anyone versed ia such matters it was manifestly a murder, and a most deliberate one. My one hope, then, lay in making it as mysterious as it was deli berate, by destroying all due to the motive and manner of the deed. Picking np the pistol, I carried it into the other room with the intention of cleaning it, but finding nothing there to do it with, came back for the handkerchief which I remembered having seen on the floor at Mr. I*eavcaworih'fi feet. It was MIbs Eleanore'fl, but I did not know it till I had nsed it to clean the banel ; then the sight of her initial* in ote comer so shocked me I forgot to clean the cylinder, and only thought of how I could do away with this evi dence of her handkerchief having bsen em ployed for a purpose so cuipicioas. JSoi daring to carry it, from the room I sought for means to destroy it, but finding none, com promised the matter .by thrusting it deep down behind the cushion of one of the chairs in the hope of being able to recover it some time next day, when an opportunity would be given to burn it. This done, I reloaded the pistol, locked it up, and prepared to leave the room. But here the horror which usually follows such deeds struck me like a thunderbolt, and made me for the fint time uncertain in my action, I locked the door on going out, something I should never bave done if I had been In the full possession of my faculties. Not till I reached the top of the stairs did I realise what I had done, and then it was too late, for there before me, candle in band, and surprise written on every feature of her face, stood Hannah, one of the servants, looking at me. 'Jjor, sir,' she cried, but strange to say, in a low tone, ' where have you been 2 You look as if you had seen a ghost.' And her eyes turned suspiciously to the key which I held in my hand. I felt aa if some one had clutched me round the throat. Thrusting the key iota my pocket, I took a step towards her. 'I will tell you what I have seen if you will come downstairs,' I whispered, 'the ladies will be disturbed if we talk here,' and smoothing, my brow as best I could I put out my hand and drew her towards me. What my motive was I hardly knew ; the action was probably instinctive, but when I saw tbe look which came into her face as I touched her, and the alacrity with which she prepared to follow me, I took courage, remembering tbe one or two previous tokens I had had of this girl's unreasonable susceptibility to my influence ; a susceptibility which I now felt could ba utilised and made to serve my purpose. Taking her down to the parlor floor, I drew her into the depths of the great drawing room, and there told her is the least alarming WBy possible what had happened to Mr. Leavenwortb. She was of course intensely egirated, but she did not scream, the novelty cf her position evidently owing her as much as it bewildered ; and greatly relieved I went on to eay that I did not knew who com mitted tbe deed, bnt that folks wonld declare it was I if they knew I had been seen by her on the stairs with the library key in my hand. ' But I won't tell,' she ithbrpered, trembling violently in her fright and eagerness ; *' I will keep it to my self. I will say I didn't see anybody.' But I scon convinced her that she could never keep ber secret if the police once began to question her, and following up my argument with a little cajolery, sac* ceeded after a long while in winning her con sent to leave the house till the storm should be blown over. But that given it wac some little time before I could make her compre hend that she must depart at once and with, out going back after her things. Not till I brightened up her wits by a promise to marry her some day if she only obeyed me now did she begin to look the thing in the face and show any evidence of the real mother wit sbe evidently possessed. ' Mrs. Belden would take me in,' said she, 'if I conld only get to B ? . She take* every body in who asks her; asd she would keep me, too, if I told her Miss Mary sent me, Bat 1 can't get there to-night,' I immediately set to work to convince her that she could. The midnight train did not leave the city for a half-hoar yet, and the distance to the depot could be easily walked by her in fifteen minutes. Bat she bad no money. I easily supplied that. And the was afraid she couldn't'find her way. I entered into the minutest directions. She Etill hesitated, bnt at length consented to go ; and with some further understanding of tbe method I was to employ in communicating with her we went down stairs. There wo found a hat and shawl belonging to the cook, which I put on her, and in another moment we were In the carriage yard. 'Bsmember, you are to say nothing of what has occurred, no matter what happens,9' I whispered in parting Id junction, as she turned to leave me. 'Bemember, you are to come and marry me some day,' she murmured in reply, throwing her armB about my neck. The movement was sudden, and it was probably at this time she dropped the candle she had held uncon sciously clenched in her hand till now. I promised her, and she glided out of the gate. Of the dreadful agitation that followed the disappearance of this girl, I can give no better idea than by saying I not only com mitted the additional error of locking up the house on my re-entrance, but omitted to dis pose of the key then in my pocket by flinging it into the street or dropping it in the hall as I went np. The fact is, I was so absorbed by the thought of the danger I stood in from this girl I forgot everything else, Hannah's pale face, Hannah's look of terror as she turned from my side and flitted down the street, were continually before me. I could not escape them; the form of the dead man Iling below was less vivid. It was as though I were tied In fancy to this woman of the white face fluttering down the midnight streets. That sbe wonld fall In something come bsck or be brought back— that I should find her standing white and horror-stricken on the front steps when I went down in the morning, was like a nightmare to me, I began to think it must be so, that she never would or could win ber way unchallenged to that little cottage in a distant village ; that I had but cent a trailing flag of danger out into the world with this wretched eirl — danger that would come back to me with the first burst of morning light ! But even these thoughts faded after a while before tbe realisation of the peril I was in as long as the key and papers remained in my possession. How to get rid of them ! I dared cot leave my room again, or open my window. Some one might see me and remember It Indeed I was afraid to move about in my room. Mr. Iieavenworth might hear me. Yes, my morbid terror had reached that point — I waa fearful of one whose ears I myself had for ever closed, Imagined him in his bed beneath, and wakeful to the least sound. But tbe necessity of doing something with these evidences of guilt finally overcame this morbid anxiety, and drawing the tiro letters from my pocket— I had not yet undressed— I chose out the moit dangerous of the two, that written by Mr. Leavenworth himself, and chewing it till it was mere pulp, threw it into a corner; but the other had blood on it, and nothing, not even the . hope of safety, conld Induce me to put it to my lips. I was forced to. lie with it clenched in my band, and the flitting - iaioge of Hannah before my eyes till- the slow morning broke. I have heard it said ' that a year in heaven seems like a day; I oan easily believe it ; I know that an hour in hell senna an eternity ! Bat with dajlight came hope. Whether it was tbe sunshine glancing on the wall made me think of Mary and all I was ready to do for ber eake, or whether it was the mere re turn of my liatnral stoicism in the presence of actual necessity, I cannot say. I only know that I ftroee calm and master of myself. The problem of the letter and key had solved itself al&o.; Hide them? I would not try to ! Instead of that I would put them is plain Bight, ttnsticg to that very fact for their being overlooked. Making the Utter np into lighters I carried them into the spare room 3Ld plat-td them in a vase. Then, taking the key in ay band, went downstairs, intending to insert it in the lock of the library door as I Kent by. Bat Mtea Eleasore, descending fabsott immediately behind me, made this im possible. I succeeded, however, in thrusting it without hsr knowledge among the filagree work ef the gaB fixture in the second hall, and thus relieved, went down into the breakfast room »b self-possessed a man as ever crossed its threshold. M»ry was there, looking ex ceedingly pale and disheartened, and as I met her eye, which for a wonder turned upon me as I entered, I could almost have laughed, Chinking of the deliverance that bad come to her, scd of the time wben I should proclaim mjself to be the man who had accomplished Of the alarm that speedily followed, and my action at that time and afterwards, I need not speak in detail. I behaved j oat as I would have done if I had had no hand in the murder. Indeed, I tried to forget I bad. Even fnrbnrn totonch the kev or eo the SDare room or make any movement which I wa« not willing all the world should see. For ai things stood there was not a shadow of evi dence against me in the house, neither was I, a hard-working, uncomplaining secretary, whote passion for one of his employer's nieces was not even mistrusted by the lady herself, a person to be suspected of the crime which threw him out of a fair situation. So I performed all the duties of my position, summoning the police, and going for Mr. Veeley, just as I would iave done if those hours between my leaving Mr. Leavenwortb for the first time and going down to breakfast in the morning had bsen blotted from my consciousness. And this was the principle upon which I based my action atthe inquest. Lsavingthut half hour and its occurrences oat of the q.ues tion, I resolved to answer all queries put me as truthfully as I could ; the great fault with men situated as I was usually being that they lied too much, committing themselves on un essential matters. Bat, alas, in thus planniag for my own safety I forgot one thing, and that was the dangerous position in which I should thus place Mary Iieavenworth as the one benefited by the crime. Not till the in ference was drawn by a juror, from tbe amount of wine found in Mr. Iisaven worth'a glass in the morning, that he had come to his death shortly after my leaving him, did I realise what an open ing I had made for suspicion in her direstlon by admitting that I bad beard a rustle on the stair a few minutes after going up. Th»t all present believed it to have been made by Eleanore did not reassure me. She was so completely disconnected with the crime I could not imagine suspicion holding to her for an instant. Bat Mary— if a curtain had been let down before me, pictured with the future as it has since developed, I could not have seen more plainly what her position would be if attention were once directed to wards her. So, In the vain endeavor to cover up my blunder, I began to lie. Forced to admit that a shadow of disagreement had been lately visible between Mr. Iieavenworth and one of bis nieces, I threw the burden of it upon Eleanore, as the one best able to bear it, adding to this denial of the fact that any letter bad been received by Mr. Leaven wortn which conld in any way tend to explain the explain the crime. Tie consequences were more serious than I anticipated. Direction had been given to suspicion which every ad ditional evidence that now came up seemed by some strange fatality to strengthen. Not only was it proved that Mr. Leaven woith's own pistol had been used in the as sassination, and that too by a person then in the house, but I myself was brought to ac knowledge that XUeanorebadlearnedfrom me only a little while before how to load, aim, and fire this very pistol— a coincidence mis chievous enough to have been of the devil's own making. Seeing all this, my fear of what the ladies would admit when questioned became very grett Let them in their innocence acknow ledge that upon my ascent Mary bad gone to her uncle's room for the purpose of pcnuadlcg him not to carry into effect the action he contemplated, and what conse quences might not ensue ? I was in a torment of apprehe&tiion.; Bat events of which I had at that time no knowledge had ocoatred to it fiuecce them. Eleanore, with some show of reason, a3 it seems, not only suspected her couBinof the crime, but bad informed her of the fact ; and Maty, overcome with terror at finding there was more or less clrcumituntial evidence supporting the suspicion, decided to deny whatever told against herself, trusting to Eleacore's generoeity not to be contradicted. Nor was her confidence misplaced. Though by the course she thus took Eleanore wai forced to deepen the prejudice already rife aeaipst herself, she not only forebore to con tradict ber cousin, but when a true answer would have injured her, actually refused to return any, a He being something she could not utter, even to save one especially endeared to ber. This conduct of hers had one effect upon me. It aroused my admiration and made m« feel that here was a woman worth helping it assistance could be given without danger to myeclf. Yet Idoubtif much wouldhavecome of my sympathy it I had not perceived by the stress laid upon certain well-known matters, that actual danger hovered abaut us ail wbile the letter and key remained in the house. Even before the hankerchlef was produced I had made up my mind to attempt their destruction, but when that was brought ontand shown I became eo alarmed I imme diately rote and making my way under soma pretence or other to the floors above snatched the key ficm the gas fixture, the lighters from the vase, and hastening with them do wa the ball to Mary Leavenworth's room, went in under the expectation of there finding a fire in which to destroy them. But to my heavy disappointment there were only a few {?mouldering esftes in tho grate, and thwarted in spy design I stood hesitating what to do, when I heard some one coming upstairs. Alive to the consequences o( being found in that room at that time I ' cast the lighters into the grate and started for tbe doer. But in the quick move I mide the key flew from my hand and slid under a chair Aghast at the mischance I paused, but the sound of approaching steps increasing I lost all control over myself and flad from the room. And indeed I had no time to loss, I hfed barely reached my own door when Eleanore Iieavenworth, followed by two ser vants, appeared at the top of the staircase and proceeded towardBtheroomlhadjast left. The tLjht reassured me ; shewonldseethekey and take some means of disposing of it; and in deed 1 always supposed that she did, for no further word of key or letter ever came to my ears. This may explain why the questionable position in which Eleanore soon found her eelf awakened in me no greater anxiety. I thooght the suspicions of the police rested upon nothing more tangible than the peculiarity of her manner at tho inquest and the discovery of her handkerchief on the scene of the tragedy. I did not know they possessed what they might call absolute proof of her connection with the crime. But if I had I doubt if I should have pursued a much different course. Mary's peril was the one thing capable of turning me, and she did not appear to be in peril. On the contrary, every one by common consent seemed to ignore all appearance of guilt on her part. If Mr. Gryce, whom I soon learned to fear, had given one sign of suspicion, or Mr. Raymond, whom I speedily recognised as my most persistent though unconscious foe, had betrayed the least distrust of her I should have taken warning. But they did not, and lulled into a false security by their manner I let the days go by without suffer ing any fears on her account. Bat not with out many anxieties for myself. Hannah's existence precluded all sense of personal security. Knowing the determination of tbe police to find ber I trod the verge of »n awful suspense continually. Meantime the wretched certainty wu forcing itself upon me that I had lost, instead of gained, a bold on Mary Leavenworth. Hot only did she evince the utmost horror of the deed which bad made her the mistress of her uncle's wealth, bnt owing, as I believed, to the influence of Mr, Raymond, soon gave evidence that she was losing to a car tain extent the characteristics of mind Bed heart which bad made me hope ful of whining her regard by my action. This revelation drove me almost insane. Under the terrible restraint forced upon me I walked my weary round in a state of mind bordering on frenzy. Many and many a time have I stopped in my work, wiped my pen and laid it down with the idea that I could not repress myself another moment, but I have always taken it up again and gone on with my task. Mr. Raymond has sometimes shown his wonder at my sitting in my dead employer's chair. Great heaven ! it waa my only lafeg&ard.; By keeping the murder con stantly before my mind I was enabled to re attain my disappointment at iis failure to bring me the reward I anticipated. At last there came a time when my agony ft: strange gentleman standing In the recep thm-room -looking at Mary Ijeaven worth in a way that would have made my blood boll, even if I -bad not 'heard him whisper these words— ' But you are my wife and know it, whatever yon may say or ?do !' It was the lightning-stroke of my life. After .what I had done to make her mine, to hear another claim her as already his off a, was - stunning, maddening. It forced a demonstration from me. I had either to yell in my fury or deal the man beneath some tremendous blow in my hatred. I did not dare to shriek, so I strack the blow. De manding his name from Mr. Raymond, and hearing that it was, as I expected, Clavering, I flung caution, reason, common sense, all to the winds, and in a moment of fury denounced him as the murderer of Mr. Iieavenworth. The nezt instant X would have given worlds to recall my words. What had I done bat drawn attention to myself in thus accusing a man against .whom nothing could of course be proved I Bat recall was now impossible. So after a night of thought I did the next best thing, gave a superstitious reason for my action, and so restored myself to my former position without eradicating from the mind of Mr. Raymond that vague doubt of the men which my own safety demanded. Hit 1 bad no intention of going any farther, nor should I have done so if I had cot observed that for some reason Mr. Raymond was willing to suspect Mr. Claver ing. Bat that once seen, revenge took possession of me, and I asked myself if the burden of thia crime could be thrown on thia man. Still I do not believe that any result* would bave followed if I had not overheard a whispered conversation between two of the sErvants, in which I learned that Mr. Olaver ing had been seen to enter the house on the night of tbe murder, but was not seen to leave it. That determined me. With a fact like that for a starting-point what might I not hope to accomplish? Hannah alone stood in my way. While she remained alive I saw nothing bat ruin before me. I made up my mind to destroy her and satisfy my hatred of Mr, Clavertsg at one blow. Bat hoir? By what means could I reach her without desert ing my post, or make away with her without exciting fresh suspicion 1 The problem seemed insolvable; but Trueman Harwell had ot played the part of a machine so long wlthou result. Before I had studied the question a day light broke upon it, and I saw that the only to accomplish my plans wm to inveigle her Into destroying herself. No sooner had the thought matured than I battened to act upon it, Knowing the tre mendous risk I ran, I took every precaution. Locking myself up in my room I wrote her a letter in printed characters— she having dis tinctly told me she could not read writing — in which I played npon her ignorance, fooliih fondness, and ilrian superstition by telling her I dreamed of her every night and won dered if she did of me, was afraid she didn't, bo enclosed her a little charm which if she would use according to directions (which were that she should first destroy my letter by burning it, next take in her hand the packet I was careful to enclose, swalloir the powder accompanying it, and go to bed) would give her the most beautiful visions. The powder was a deadly dose of poison, and tbe packet was, as you know, a forged confes sion falsely criminating Henry Clavering, Enclosing all these in an envelope, in the corner of which I marked a cross, I directed it, according to agreement, to Mrs, Belden, and sent it. Then followed the greatest period of sus pense I bad yet endured. Though I had pur posely refrained from putting my name to the letter I felt that the chances of detection were very great. The least departure from the course I had marked out for her would prove fatal. If she opened the enclosed packet, or mistrusted the powder, took Mrs. Belden into her confidence, or even failed to burn my letter, all would be lost. I could not be sure of her or know the result of my scheme except through the newspapers. Do you think I kept watch of the countenances about me? devoured the telegraphic news, or started when the bell rang? And when a few days since I read that short paragraoh in the naner which assured me that mv efforts had at least produced the death of the woman I feared, do you think I experienced any sense of relief? But of that why speak? In six hours had come the summons from Mr. Gryce, and— let these prison walla, this confetsion itself, tell the rest, I am no longer capable of speech or action, Chapter XXXIX,— The Octcome of a Great Ckeme, leave bet to heaves And to tbose thorns that in ber bosom lodge To prick and sting her. — Hajilet. For she Is wise, H I can jadee of her ; And fair she ia, if that mine eyes be truj. And true aha is, as she haa proved herself ; And therefore like herself, wise, fair, and true, fehall she be placed in my constant soul. — Merchant of Venice. ' Oh, Eleanore !' cried I, making my way into her presence with but little ceremony I fear, ' are you prepared for very good news ? News that will brighten these pale cheeks and give the light tack to these eyes, and make life hopeful and sweet to you once more? Tell me,' said I, stooping over her where she sat, for she looked ready to faint, 'I don't know,' murmured she, 'I fear that what you will consider good news will not seem so to me. So news can be good but——' 'What?' asked I, taking her bands in mine with a smile that ought to have re assured her. It was one of snch profound hap piness, ' ' Tell me ; do not be afraid.' But she was, Her dreadful burden had lain upon her so long It had become a part of her being. How could she realise it was founded on a mistake ; that she had no cause to fear the past, present, or future. But when the truth was made known to her ; when with all the fervor and gentle tact of which I was capable Z showed her that her suFpieions bad been groundless, and that Trueman Harwell, and nat Mary, had been the perpetrator of this deed, ber first words were a prayer to be takes to Mary—' Take me to her 1 Oh, take me to her ! I cannot breathe or think till I have begged pardon of her en my knees. Oh, my unjust accusation, my unjust accusation !' Seeing the state she was in I deemed it the wisest thing I could do; so procuring a car riage I drove with her to her cousin's home. 'Mary will spurn me; she will not even look at me, and she will be right,' cried she a3 we rolled away up the avenue. 'An outrage like this can never be forgiven. Bat God knows I thought myself justified in my sus picions. If you knew ? ' ' I do know,' I Interposed ; ' Mary ac knowledges that the circumstantial evidence against her. was so overwhelming she almost staggered herself, asking if she could be guilt less with such proof against her. But— ' Wait ! Oh, wait I Did Mary say that ?' 'Yes.' 'To-day?' 'Yes.' ' Mary must be changed.' I did not answer ; I wanted her to see for herself to how great an extent. Bat when a few minutes later the carriage stopped and I hurried with her into the house which had been tho scene of so much misery I was hardly prepared for the difference in her countenance which the hall-light revealed. Her eyes were bright, her cheeks were bril liant, her brow lifted and free from shadow ; so quickly does the Ice of despair melt in the sunshine of hope. Thomas, who had opened the door, was sombrely glad to see his mistress again. ' Miss Iieavenworth is In the drawing-room,' said he. I nodded then seeing that Eleanore could, scarcely move for agitation, asked her nhether the would go Is at once or wait till e'ac was more composed. ' I will go in at once ; I cannot wait.' And slipping from my grasp, she crossed the ball ana hud her hand npon tbe drawing-room curtain, when it was suddenly lifted from witbin and Mary stepped out. ' Mary !' ' Eleanore !' The ring of those voices told everything. I did not need to glance that way to know that Eleanore bad fallen at her cousin's feet, and that her cousin had afirightedly lifted her. I did not need to hear—' My sin against you is too great ; you cannot forgive me,' followed by the low— 'My shame is great enough to lead me to forglv6 anything !' to know that the life-long shadow between these two had dissolved like a cloud, and that for the future bright days of mutual confidence andi sym pathy were in store. Yet when a half -hour or so later, I heart the door of tho reception-room, into which I had rttix«d, softly open, and looking np saw Wary aUndiog-on the. threshold with the light of trne humility on her face, I own that I was surprised at the extent of the softening which had taken place in her haughty beauty. ' BletBed is the shame that purififiB, I mur mured, and advancing held out my hand with a respect and sympathy I never thought to feel for her again. The action seemed to touch her. Blushing deeply, she came and stood by my side. ' I thank you,' said she. ' I have much tobe grateful for ; how much I never realised till to-night ; but I cannot speak of it now. What I wish ia for you to come in and help me persuade Eleanore to accept this fortune from my hands. It is hers ; you know; was Willed to ber, or would bave been if ? ' 'Wait,' said I, in the did trepidation which this appeal to me on such a subject somehow awakened. 'Have you weighed this matter well? Is it your determined purpose to transfer your fortune into your cousin's hands?' Her look was enough without the low, ' Ah, how can sou ask me ?' that followed it, Mr, Claveiicg was sitting by the side of Eleanore when, we entered the graving room. He immediately rose. 'Mr. Raymond,' said he, drawing me to one side, 'before the courtesies ot the hour pass between us, allow me to tender you my apology. You have in year possession a docu ment which ougbt never to have been forced npon yon. Founded npon a mistake, the act wssaninsnltwhichl bitterly regret. If in con sideration of my mental misery at that time you can pardon it, I shall {eel (or ever in debted to you ; if not ? * 'Mr. Clavering,' I Interrupted, 'say no more. The occurrences of that day belong to the past, which I for one have made up my mind to forget as soon as possible. The future promises too richly for us to dvell on by-gone miseries.' And with a look of mutual understanding and friendship we hastened to rejoin the ladies. Of the conversation that followed it is. only necessary to state the result. Eleanore re maining firm in her refusal to accept property eo stained by guilt it was finally agreed upon that it should be devoted to the erection and eu&talnment; of some charitable institution of magnitnde sufficient to be a recognised bene fit to the city and its unfortunate poor. This settled, our thoughts returned to our friends, especially to Mr. Yeeley. 'He ought to know,' said Mary. 'He bag grieved like a father over as.' And in ber spirit of penitence she would have under taken the unhappy task ot telling him the truth. But Eleanore, with her accustomed generosity, wonld not hear of this. 'Ko, Mary,' said she, 'yon have suffered enough. Mr. Raymond and I will go.' And leaving them there with the light of growing hope and confidences on their faces, we went out again into the night and so into a dream from which I have never waked, though tho shine of her dear eyes has bsen cow the load-star of my life for many happy, happy months. The End. 