[?] 4he j... ou a Convent in lllanois, subli " nnnsand pupils were u"fv 1 Vn smoke is estimated V 1 ? injury to health and da- ratioi' amcdcuble ly pre ""oil; received by the English :rs. biXdieqner during the past jl so! e,'ian unacknowledged in catiol It ("in .a'8 at grasshoppers "inie n? . i?a'na- A few miles from as in Afficulfc to get a timid horse >oon \ ed in a7 fight at Pulaski, - j "t1" \ ,cut off the arm of the rune g: j l 'b a pocket knife. The f- We t I stely, and with such 'f£ 8 smooth as if a saw L | ii| i. Tne ann hung by I t?! | e, which incased the ul-: f. and stitched, and will .'I'sc- ,'ite > Weekly News of De- ilack ' Ing-!: — A lusus natures -ii-racter is now on view ;j'e 7 <e Auckland Hotel. It is what '? ,8Cl n 'w/fo-. It is ih; all respects ; 11 Pt_unii wtSl-ehaped bay pony, but ia unC5nable. In fact", it might be A ima'.or female, or either, or both. .'sy?m?-en lbe equine race has been ter 5 country, about 300 miles from 'ir B i recent,y ordered an f , f '.maof.of the art treasures con- )okien» .i_V -.v ,i._ I, i 'i uuiieiiuuses, wuu rue resun. ts .f't-ofpjcturqi by'the greatest :nne- )s i'a egth and sixteenth centuries were h al:g)'n (he garrets. About 100 of 4etel "-'igb preserved to be cleaned, \liei Pr«ent form a special col- 'd bt the former orphanage, I : J feat against time, performed »'blai 3 recently accomplished by a was _ rfcet gardener named An- teen " nrtook to unearth no lesB \- en iv A" Pototoes in a day, for a wager " ' of the trial was a field at ; owr it yras necessary that every f evei Wo spits to every stalk, d, an 1 of" Da mean strength, com fy th; minutes under twelve v Te' . . >miiv Jnt'sh North Borneo state it is 3 Mrkable that the detonations | Cinic eruptions in the Straits : an. I ard half way up the Palawan M oi 38 from the scene of action — jl wi I ,-We fact. In Elopura it seemed tserei "j1h?ud,s wef8 being fired at adis- v wit ',t5oarorfive milesaway, About i "< ttNb ue sun at rising and set- P Misrdm green colour, caused -"re wa'J slanting through large but prcltIfi!.':s'''n<fbome through the I hnnn-09? Whilst the sun was at a au phenomenon did not Bp- 'Ie !,t0 weeks of November six . at Rabat, for the sums lu £ -f!S> 45> 37: 29, and 33 dollars. , f ,,n<a rebrn of tlie British En- I)ntis.-iltjUrjaveg have been: sold yet o-j?"JH!gj,4etively the sums of 36, <. easily Eighty-nine slaves have qny (''K'angier from April last to \ind idouC- f orbid sensationalism will f lthcN-P='ra£raPb taken from Society, e Jesuits say that ' the end F" t'and as the Peterborough ;in3rn -ora-j,, p.-n(j ;R jn Bore straits, !vOk too narrowly to U i«o:ito wherewith to replenish »> , y.-nn would certainly draw the !.j JT- A feel ids. Some people, how- skinned ; and they handed 1 uCfe id Restoration Collecting Box' exhibition at the Golden er jo"03, of the late Mr. Marwood' 1 ls aJa The purchaser ex-' , ;'h "Opcg ud J&' used upon his per- 1 hy.'jjjgtc tha fatal noose. The ex- nearly an hour, and the exhibitor purchased the property -L-iaPoJs deratr-re for £250, and had for it by Madame Tussard, 'bnff J've £300 for the three (|1' s : tfung Peace, Kelly, and Joe 11 hsbp.d declined this offer for the i ins V-rof Horrors, as he expected to , tandfaum £i9Q0 for the lot.' Bar- fnrepre<=| who reign's in Marwood's ; j-hose-amcastle to purchase the ropes 1 mep'r. and found that both he and IpM |rkinoall in London the Grand Duchess e acfe>en wore a pale apricot satin vheillj petticoat, draped with Valen- " aid with humming birds judi- in the shoulder and skirt. The i rw 'Irrndon was universally admired -jVPfefe'iionds. The Countess of Dal- anj-lisrit; Jzr- Jjright red. The 'arcica ; s Dudlf splendid tiara of oe tru 1 ,V!tb a b The Countess of £ out a a,T,ed a puquet of crimson '-h, -j h whichiw®8 a'80 trimmed. -nr m it 28 s of iso chose red roses, f j splendi? Hady Borthwick's _Jl day t embi' beetle wings was feaur-rj. of diamonds was , J jei'ke. 4-Jpold Rotschild's being Borne #m throom , i coespondant of the Age relates rcmeiffeorge BrookB, a carpenter by Ear litedsiiicide last evening by taking jli ' 'mdannm. He resided with a :»P Tliott, at whose residence the ,jl -as drowned in a tub on New c 11 ipears the tub hed been filled , and left on the ground, and . rare of the child's death ho > / ihst-it- was owing to his p " tthe child was drowned, and t rJ.S0 preyed on his rnind that lie rieide. He nttended the funeral fol. v,'hile in the cemetery told the j!ll a. !'f &t; hole for him, as he would fmorniu ". ratllralflS borne he appeared 3 2>g-y! yfcain threatened suicide. j" -ht a Mrs. Scholer, residing -nex , at f,y the Elliotts, found . RomaNj yar(j Buffering great pain. ; will arrivctor were sent for, and the j company ins cf poisoning used every \- to take ch'nd remained in attendance On Sundaitnorn)£ About half-past I second® c Soon — Irishman was , lfn rATflfot vagrancy. Just as lie ' u-t he met the judge, and E 'fye doa ,ni» ilJul-s m a oau con- fn"Crr I not you not to 1 vc ior tl.at s yo'ir duty. Now, wud i i t nickel The kindrlienrted i m |.ot re31Et sue!' an appeal, and he 'at Ji'h i'10 man£! .refiKest 'Yon arc "yd i!-v&ferl;"u,c.v>' Baid tfle iucSc a it.'flt,,.. '' V.'hat l)avo .vou to. say in re- Mte c!iaf?e ' 'T E# ''n not guilty.' DoJ/ceU1811 whoD)at'e the arrest stepped ' 4 1'-ilificd t" the eifeut that the prisoner ir!iknov'n woA at'd that lie had no = <f the Histers? ?0U a,ro Suill>V .... — . . n not, yer honor. I im 'that he nee< nian's niver broke as uwii our .shot£» aa ,on£ aa he's got dog we left "iwTIT y-e ,thnt. 1 k "nd sailed it, e n!ckel the nci ;uAti alere m money, sir, an' 1 fiintence me. Just a"c'tb|3r nickel? A Funny American editor wrote : — " The reason why Sara Bernhardt can simulate so perfectly an expression of torture Uti her face that she always has a glass of sham pain before she "goes on the stage for harrowing scenes." The 'Frisco Newsletter says:— We have always maintained that Am-tralinns get their shirts washed, and sometimes take baths ; and we are ready at any time to defend them against the vile insinuation that they wear red shirts continu ously for a year and a half, and ..only perform their ablutions at Cliristmns, These ugly slanders ought to he put down ; and further, we are ready to swear to an affidavit that we saw an Australian come one of a barber's shop this week with a clean ciiin and his clothes brushed. It is true that his boots weren't blackened, but then Rome wasn't built in a day. Says the Jackson (Mich,) Citizen : A young lady, living two miles from town, weighing 1161b, and only 17 years of age, rises at 5 a.m. and milks eight cows, helps her mother to get breakfast, takes the team and carries the milk of 32 cows to the cheese factory, two miles distant, and brings back a load of whey ; then liitcheB the team to the machine or rake as the occasion requires, and does all the mowing, reaping, and raking on the farm of 300 acres. At the close of each day's woik she milks the cows, assists her mother in finishing the housework, and re tires at 9 p.m. Besides this, she keeps the book of the farm, and is fnir looking and intelligent. The young man who wins her band has a for tune. Victor Hugo, in his 'Toilers,' has invested the octopus with such a weird and horrid reputation that these certainly uncanny monsters of the deep cause a shudder of repugnance when seen, and a feeling very much akin lo hysteric fear if £ .3 AnnV imnvnto/ifArl mornKpl'S in 1UUIIU Ullllgllig IU VUO o uujnuivvvwM a deep and lonely pool of the sealeoast. A gentleman, yesterday, says the Warrnambool Standard, had a rather unpleasant encounter with an octopus whilst bathing solus on the southern side of Middle Island. He departed from Point Pickering on a conchological expedi tion, and after many hair-breadth escapes he managed to get safely over to the island, having to brave the dangers of the rather heavy sea en route. He prosecuted his researches with toler able success, and prior to returning he was in duced to take a dip in one of the many dark and silent pools of 6alt water whioh remain trapped after each receding tide. Divested of his cloth ing in he plunged, and shaking the gleaming crystals from his manly brow as he re- appeared, he struck away to explore a grotto-like opening in the rock which he observed on the opposite side of the pool. He penetrated the cavernous apperture, but no sooner did he attempt to re gain his footing than he felt himself seized by the left leg. Thinking it was a loop of sea weed he shook himself, and repeating the pro cess with some violence he found his action re sisted, and the next moment he was prone on Ihe floor of the cave. No sooner was he down than both legs were entangled, and sitting waist deep in wnter he saw, to iris intense horror, the spreading arms of an octopuB, and quickly felt the sucking tentacles on his unprotected limbs. In another moment the head of the repulsive monster was seen dimly through a surrounding of murky fluid. Its parrot beak touched the breast of the adventurous swimmer before the real gravity of the situation was experienced. Realising his peril, the bold exploilerer tore with fierce energy at the manifold stripe of slimy flesh which were darting forth to enfold him. The struggle was a long one, but, at length, the now horror-Btricken man had the gratification of seeing some of tlie long armB of his foe paralysed, and drop from his nervous grasp. With a vigorous wrench he managed to free himself, bleeding, breathless, and well- nigh beaten in his terrible battle with the sea monster, and regaining the upper earth, he lost no time in making his way lo the opposite shore, well assured of having escaped a deadly peril. The Portland Guardian says that the pJ>«jfn< of parrots remains unabated, and now . hflre u scarcely any fruit left in or near the-' lwn. The birds must be starvinp,--<?","'):ney attack goose berries as green 'r.l,gra6SAand 00!,8Ue Pears flJ wn ar-1- Tuaigestible as tqe wood of the trees or tvmcn they grow. The death rate cf Adelaide -is higher that that of London, Various reasons are advanced as accounting for the excessive mortality in Adelaide. By some people it is attributed to the large infantile mortality in proportion to the population, but the general notion that the death rate of infants under one year old in South Australia is higher than in England is a pure delusion. It is higher than that of neigh bouring colonies, but is below that of England. The causes of excessive mortality in -Adelaide are preventible. They are dirt, bad drainage, and dwellings unsuited to the climate. A baby show was held at Port Augusta, South Australia, lately, in connection with a bazaar in nid of the funds of the Bible Christian Church. The show caused much excitement. There were two classes, one for babies six. months and under, and the other for infants 18 months and under. In each division there were three prizes, the first of which was awarded to the healthiest exhibit in the division, the second to the most beautiful, and the third to the best dressed. The mothers separated without blood being shed. An electrical tramcar was recently run for the first time at Paris, by the French Electrical Power Storage Company. The car, an ordinary tbree-horse one as nsed on the Paris tramways, made the whole run, from its starting point at the Place de la Nation and back, a distance of 30 miles, in about 3 hours. The traincar is propelled by means of the Faure accumulators, weighing some 50cwt., which are fixed under the tramcar seats, and connected with a Siemens machine placed under the floor. The machine, which makes 1200 revolutions a minute, sets in movement, by means of a pulley, an axle, to which are connected the chains which drive the wheels. The wheels revolve sixty times to 12,000 revolutions of the machine. The speed of the electrical tramcar was 9£ miles per hour on level ground, and 5 miles on an ascent. The present tram lines of Paris are not well adapted for the new locomotion. On the newer lines, the movement was sufficiently .smooth, bur on those that have been laid for some time there was a marked difference, and the actual working force wns considerably lower than the indicated horse-power. It is Btntcd that the experiment, the first ever made over a long distance, fully proved the piacticability of eleclrical tramcars. Together they are looking over the paper. ' O my, hoiv funny,' said she. ' What is it?' he asked: ' Why, here's an advertisement that says ' no reasonable offer refused.' " What's so odd about that?' 'Nothing, nothing,' she replied, trying to blush, ' only those are exactly my sen timents.' If that young man had nt taken the bint and proposed then and there sho would Lax e hated him. ' I can swim the whirlpool at Niagara,' said a stranger in a confidential whisper to a hardware- man in New York. ' Can you ?' ' I feel that I can. i snouiu inie some novice irom you. Would you try it if you were me ?' ' No, sir — no, Bir, I wouldn't think of such a thing. A man who hasn't baen in a bath tub for a year, nor had on a clezn shirt for a month, wouldn't stand the ghost of a show with a whirlpool. You hnd better go and tackle a drink of water and gradu ally work up to it.' The Federal Council scheme is very generally approved by the New Zealand press. There is not so much unanimity there as to annexation or protection ; there is rather an apathy or lack of any opinion than differences ; but New Zealand will readily subscribe a few thousands anuunlly to work with the other colonies in the matter. A simple barometer can bo /nade, says an American paper, by filling a pickle bottle within three inches of the top with water. Then fill a clean Florence oil- flask with water, and plunge the neck as far as it will go into the larger bottle. The water in the flask will rise and fall with tho weather, sometimes 'loifving it perfectly empty eight hour? before a storm. ' < 