THE ROYAL ACADEMY OF ARTS' To the Editor. Sir, — The Royal Academy of Arts held at Burlington House, London, was estab lished in 1768, and since then has steadily increased in popular favor. It is under the direction of 40 eminent artists with the celebrated Sir Fred. Leighton for its j president, and possesses the power of con ferring the degrees of R. A. and 5.R.A In England it is considered a duty to visit the academy and see the pictures of the year. The building is divided into eleven galleries, together with large central hall, vestibule, and lecture-room. The lecture room and central hall are used for sculp ture, but all the galleries with the excep tions of Nos. nine and ten are exclusively for oil paintings. Another academy called the Royal In stitute of Painters in water colors has been estab'ished lately, and will form the subject of a future letter. I As there are over 1400 works of art it j would be useless to attempt a criticism of any but the most striking. Therefore I shall confine myself to the pictures of the year. The 'Trophies of Victory,' by Andrew C. Gow, A.R.A. Here we have a fair specimen of those quasi-historical ' pictures so well known in England. The work is an illustration of a passage of Mortley's ' United Netherlands,' where it is told how on July 2nd, 1600, Prince Maurice, of Nassau, at the head of the army of the States General, had crushed the hosts of Albert of Austria. After the battle a banquet was held in honor of the Stadholder, and while the guests, among whom was the Admiral of Arragon (a prisoner), were still at table, the standards of the enemy were brought in and ex hibited, the Stadholder and others amus ing themselves by deciphering the inscrip tions and devices emblazoned on them. The incident is not remarkably dramatic, but it suggests a pleasant and picturesque tableau, and this Mr Gow has realized with considerable skill and tact. The composition, if not very original, has no special fault, the draughtsmanship is accurate and studied, the color is ingenious and harmonious, in places delicate, the light and shade well arranged, and not too emphatic. In its way it is as bright, skilful, and creditable a work as the academy can show. The ' Way to the Temple,' by L'Alma, Tadima, R.A., is a singular production, but represents a certain style of painting. The color is attractive, and the realisation of detail iu architecture, together with the contrasts of shadow and sunshine, are very fine ; it is a bright and happy example of the master's peculiar aud commendable skill. ' Dost know this water-fly,' is the name given to a celebrated work, by John .fettie, li. A. The costume is picturesque and graceful, feather and doublet, hose ?ind princely sword, are all thoroughly representative of the period for which they are intended. The quotation is from the fifth paly of ' ' Hamlet,' the water-fly being synonymous for anything vain and conceited. 'Ben Eay' (in sunset), by W. B. Davis, R.A., attracted considerable notice, and is one of the best cattle pieces in the academy. The ' Grey Lady' (a ghost in the turret stairs by moonlight), by J. E. Millias, R.A., was also much commented on. 'Green Pastures and Still Waters,' by B. W. Leader, R.A., is without doubt one of the most pleasing landscapes in any of the galleries, and possesses con siderable merit. 'In Memory,' by A. Stocks, is a beautiful study, and one which appeals to the sympathies. The idea is taken from those touching lines of E. B. Browning — All are not taken 1 there are left behind Living beloved, tender looks to bring. And make the daylight still a blessed thing. Of course in as short a sketch as this it would be impossible to attempt a criticism of academy, and I have only touched on some of the masterpieces ; the sculpture will form the subject of my next letter. Yours, etc., C.A.F. January 2. - 