archbishop vaughan memorial service. A solemn Beqnicm Mueb was celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday in memory of the late Archbi'bop Vaugban, of whose dea h Monday was tbe anniverfary. It bad at first been wished to commemorate the fad event npon the very day, but owing to the desire ot the clergy from all parts of the diocese to be present, the service was held yesterday instead, ino ider to prevent interruption to the regular Sunday services, To those who had the mournful Fatisfaction of joining in tbe great eerviee held when the news of the Archbishop's death was first received— and very many showed their respect for the popular prelate by their attendance on that occasion who were not of the It' man Catholic Communion— tbe appearance of the Cathedral ycsierday must cave revived very iadj recoliecri'.ns. As thsn, a vast congrega tion thronged the Citheiril from end to end of its great length. Every pillar was crothed in black, fcrioancd with whit;. The high altar was sjmbre with heavy dra pery, and the rieh hue! of the fresh cut flowers which decked the c.t-f-dqoe aloce gave color to a peculiarly som bra' scene. The catafalque, which was loaded with flowers, bore also tbe crozier and mitre and episcopal insignia of the lite prelate, acd wos lurionndcd with lighted candLs. As before, the drapery was supplied by the Mess-s Rilei Brothers, who are never backward on such occasions. The rervice itseH began at 10 a.m., and the sanctuary was sunn filled " with s'.oled priests and white robed choris'cri." His Lordship the Bishop of Maitiasd (tbe Right Rev. Dr. Murrey) pretided, whilst tho Vury Rev. tbe Ad- minii'rator (Dr. Sheridan) was cefebnnt, haying Fathers Garvel r.nd Petreas Dsaconand Suh-d -a; con respectively. Fathers Mojnagh and Placid Quirk acted as Masters of Ceremonies. Thore were prcicut rIeo ths Venerable Arch-Prieat Eheehy, ihe Ven. Archdeacon Rigne.v, and the Very Revs. Deans Qabonev, O'ConceU, O'Brien, Hanly, Murrey Forde, Leonard, and Flanagan ; the Very Rev. Father Patter'on, of Londm ; end the Rev. Father Trasillct, of Villa M»ria; the Jemit Fathers, and the heads of the Franciscan and Merist Orders ; Father P. M. Ryan, of the resident clersy; tbe Rector ol St. John's College (Futhcr D. F. Birry, O.6.B.), and about 70 t tber priests "from every part of the diocesa, besides th- children of the Maristfchu-jli, in which the late Archbishop took especial interest. Tbe service wai set to Mozart's Requiem Mass, which was finely rendered by a full cuoir and orchestra under Mr F. J. Hi-llewell, ths voices giving a rcrjr reverential interpretation of the beautiful setting to tbe solemn words placed before them. The solo parts were tiktn by Mrs Biley, Mm Ilealy, Miss Stafford, Mr Kelly, and Mr Amery, the la'ter sing>ng the "pro peccatis" al«o ; whilst Mr Rice lead ihe orahestra. During the ''B.inctas" Mr Hallcwcll resigned his bitou tu Mr Fisher, witli wtoee method of interpreting that portion of the icrvicc tee chorns were better acquainted. Tho wholo direction of tho mucin was undertaken by the Rev. Father Placid Quirk, The sermon was prcacbcd by the Rev. Father Barry from tbe words " In memoria ;ctern erit justos " — " Tbe just man shall be in everlasting remembrance," being a portion from the Bojk of Psalms. Afier referring to the deiire for the per petuation of t heir memoty in after days common to all mankind, tbe yrcaober said that this senri- m< nt arose from the immarlal portion ot man's nature. He added that "all idea of decay, disso lution, and deatb is ao foreign so repugnant to the loul of man, that this speraculum vi'.at. this divine 'breath longs to throw its impenetrable mantle ovor the frail figure it inhabits, and to make at least tbe memory of its life m cartb lasting and undying aa itssif. Tracing the possession of this Bentimeot to Pagan times, the speaker showed how the msmory of the wicked periihed by the will of God, "peididisti omncm memoiium eorutn," whilst that of tho \ righteous was hold in everlasting remembrance. "When were|oall," said tbepreachcr, " tbenamesof the Kmperori, Ktng«, Rulers, and Cooimanfert of this world, wo tee how well their memories arc summad up in tha st»nza of a poet, who wrote — Tbe aunxla of the hernia riea Their mine el:.cj the wurtd bepaa, Ot bim alT'ird an other trace Than tble— there lived a man. Lrboraiunt in tiiulnm sepulchri : — They laboured for the epitaph of a tombstone, and tbtir memory was as co'd as tbe Blsb that recorded tlrrir names. But whoa I turn to Tbe- O glurious Church of God. priest o: I by lanctuary, csldnily mouut thine altar, I know that from ten thousand altar, aurrounded by a 'multitude frcm every tongu- and tribe and tior. under heaven,' the clem, the pure ob!a:i tttct i ds as an incense of praise in honour of t i-i-itits, and th-> promises of thy Go i are re it. r. >i and tbe memories of the just rue held cli-r.z ed oved in evrrlasting rcmembianct.' " T it speaksr, whore eloquence 'treated the at- ention of his hearers for fully thr: - quartets of an hoar, concluded thus: ''Gre.v servu i: of God, toul of .the ' juvt made perfect,' from th . earthly throne thou didst lift up thine anoint;, h-nfis to call down Goi's blearing upon t'ny j.-cop e 1 l.ifi up now thy voice before the throrr if thy God; pronounce once more those s«cred .vordo) bcnt-a'.h whose holy influence on earth our heads were bowed and our hearts lightened, and Js i may the blrssing ol Almighty Gob, the Father, Son. and Holy Ghost descend and roit upun u« for. evermore. Amrn." The Buhop then pronounced the brnediction, and as Ihe muflled sounds of tho " Dea l March in Saul " resounded through navd and aisle, th-j great congregation silently di- persed. 