OAUGHTIn"A PRaBIE FIRE. Witiiin balF-a-mile of us was a long continual snake-like fire, extending from nest to sooth, and ooming on at a terrific paoe, eweeping and devouring everything in its way, and tbe beat and smoke was getting most unoomforlable even at tbat distance. There was not a moment to Iobo, and, leaping on my horse, whioh bad been picketed outside, I waived a good-bye to Henderson, and putting spurn to tbe borse, over tbe ground I galloped, and as I rode down tbe oreek towards the traok leading to my borne I was rapidly ooming closer to t'ie fire. I passed Robertson's sbanty, and could just see him trying to finish a fireguard ; but it was too late. Tbe fire bad by tbis time " jumped" the M. K. & T. Railway, or Texas Railway. As I turned my horse's bead and reaobed tbe summit of the bluff, from whence I could see my own little oabin, and obtain a splendid view of tbe surrounding oountry, tbe scene indeed wae awful, and grand in the extreme. Immense tongues of flame shot upwards in every direction, and from the ravines wbioh interseoted tbe face of tbe oonntry came up tbiok, blinding em»ke, wbioh arose from the timb r in the bottoms Houses, corn, and haystacks were to be st-eo burning in all directions, and ae I galloped along terrible thoughts came over me as to he safety of my wife and our two little boys. Fortunately I was well mounted on a good Indian horse. How he managed to retain his footing at tbe rate we sped over rooks and sluioes, up one ravine and down another, ie, to me, a mystery to this day. At last I was by the door of our h»use, and my wife, who was little aware of our danger, soon gathered the most valuable effeote she conld, and secured them about ber dress, and then held the horse while I went to try and preserve our bayetaoks. Tbe fire in tbe meantime bad been keeping up nearly parallel with me in my raoe home, and now it was only 800 yards from My only ohanoe of saving onr bouse and crops was by " back-firing," so I set fire to tbe leeward side of the house a little, bnt suoh was the inflammable state of tbe grass (for we bad been withont rain for thirteen weeks, and tbis fice oeonrred on 4tb October, 1871, a' few days before tbe great fire at Chicago) that I bad not tbe ghost of a chance to beat it out; and although I worked as I never wurked before nor sinoe, the fire foroed me baok step by s'ep until I was completely played out, and finally one hur;e tongue of flame caught tbe top'of tbe ricks, and in an instant 'here was a frightful roar as the flames swept around them, forcing me to beat a hasty retreat. In another moment I beard a wild shriek, and turning round the eight thst presented itself oaused a thrill of horror to oreep over me, as my wife, waiving ber hands and pointing to another direction, showed me that another fire bad orept along, and bad now joined tbe other, thus outting off completely our retreat. The beat and smoke by this time was get ting intolerable. In an instant I flung the wet eaok aside and was alongside my wife, another moment I was in the saddle with my better-half behind me, tbe younger boy before me ota the pommel of tbe saddle, and 'tbe elder boy astride behind bis mother. One obanoe alone presented itself to me, so glanoing rapidly where tbe fire was weak est I clapped tbe spurs to my horse, and with a shout to my wife to hold on for very life, I made a desperate dash through, with a sensation tbat iB impossible for me to describe. Blinded, seorohed, and nearly oboked with the frightful heat and smoke, we passed tbrongh the flames, and as soon as I could I helped my wife down, as tbe skirt of her dresB was blazing around her, and we soon put tbat out, and with the exception of tbe bom being well singed, and some burns on our bands Bnd other farts, we escaped most miraculously. My wife now, for the first time, relieved herself by a good fit of crying, and by thankfnlness to Providenee for our preservation from a horrible death. 