COSMO GORDON. BOOK IL—CHAPTER Yt (Continued.) The pins were stilL Hands and knitting too were dropped on a lap of soft black silk. " Sit down," said Miss Robinette. " I have a long story to tell, and, my dear good friend, 1 want you to be patient." Mr. Jupp sat down, folded his arms, and let his head fall slightly forward. The whole individuality of the man had changed completely during the last few moments. There was usually an sir of buoyant prosperity, (of unmistakable wealth, of complete self- complacency about Mr. Jupp. To see him now, any one might have taken him for one to whom life had been anything but a successful investment. He might have been a clerk on fifty pounds a year. All pretension, all self-confidence, was gone. He was, for the the time being, just a man too much in love to hold himself anything but cheap^-too much in love not to be full of a sensitive consciousness of his own unworthinees. A AB Miss Robinette was still silent—waiting till she was quite sure of her own voice, in fact—Mr. Jupp put in a few words. " Here I am," ne said, " a regular monniment of patience, but with a clemmed heart in my bosom, and one that's like enough to hanker in vain for some time to come, or I'm mistaken. Miss Margaret's run away—from me, Miss Robinette ; 1 can read that much, plain as if it was a placard on a wall; but I tell you what it is," ne continued, giving his leg a tremendous slap by way of emphasis, " I wouldn't count it much to go round the world, big as it is, after her, if I thought I could win her when 1 found her. n "I know that," said Miss Robinette; "I have known it this while back. I was afraid, too—afraid for you, my friend." "Afraid she wouldn't have me? Well, I was afraid of that myself. 'That isn't a woman to be bought, that isn't,' I said to myself. ' She most love a man with all her heart before she'd marry him,' says I; but you know it has looked as if she was beginning to " Here Mr. Jupp ruffled up his hair and breathed hard, while apparently trying to stare the fire out of countenance. "To love you?" said Miss Robinette very gently. " Well, let us say, beginning not to mind me," said Mr. Jupp, turning towards her a face at once bashful and pleading. " Not to mind my rough ways and my queer lingo; not to mind me being a man as had made himself, but ain't been up to polishing himself ; beginning, as you may say, to look onder all this, and say to herself as the cloth's good and 'ull stand wear and tear, though the pattern ain't up to much, nor the colours takin'! And it would wear too, for if she'd trust herself to me, I'd go bail to love her better every year, aye that would I, till the day when those bonny brown locks of hers should be as white as driven snow, that would 1." ''Mr. Jupp, Margaret Haviland can never marry you, and for two reasons—she does not love you, and—she does love somebody else." "Somebody else, and smile on me like that! Somebody else, and let me hang about with my heart on my lips one moment, and sinking into my boots tne next, for fear I'd say a word to offend her. It's not fair play. Miss Robinette, this, it's pot acting^ on the square, it dazes a plain business man like me, wno means no when he says no, and means yes when he says yes, and whose name's as good as a bond in the trade. I'm fair swept off mv legs, and that's all about it," continued Mr, Jupp, whose stock of patience had rapidly come to an end, getting up from his seat, pushing his choir back, and taking to pacing the room from end to end with his hands behind his back and his eyes on the floor. " You don't know much of our sex," said Mks Robinette, whose, hands were trembling as they held the pins, " or you would make 6ome little allowance for a spoilt child like Margaret." No, I don't,"said Mr. Jupp still at a white heat, all the more outwaraly enraged because of the wounded tenderness that ashed at his heart, the knowledge within him that if, at that moment, Margaret, panopled in all the might of her fair young beauty, her ineffable grace of manner, and movement, ap pearea before him, he should (metaphorically) fell at her fe et without loss of time, and yield up tbe ghost of bis resentment. " I don t know much of your kind of women, I've been like a pellet out of a popgun shot up among my betters, and left to find my feet best as I couid. I've seen a forward hussy or two wanting to be Mrs, Jupp; one saying this and another that, and their mothers smirking and saying Amen ; and telling what treasures the minxes were at home, ana all that;, and I've seen you, and that's all, till Lady B. took to being so pleasant, and I came across Miss Margaret, looking for all the world like a young queen crowned with herx>wn bonnie brown hair." Mr. Jupp's voice went very near to breaking at this point of his discourse: upon the beau sexe, and Miss Robinette's knitting-pins became so tremulous it was really a won ler that regular Jacob's ladders didn't make their appearance. What was the strange feeling that came over her, listening to poor Mr. Jupp — a feeling as if under all the homely dictam in which he clothed his feelings beat the pulse of an old dead time—as if she heard the echo of a bygone story in every word he said? Why did the tale of this man's wrongs, aod the fault—the grievous fault—of the woman whose wounded pride had led her to siu against her womanly nature, take the guise of risen ghosts—ghosts that tim& should long since have laid f When Bhe pleaded for " some allowance" to be made for Margaret was she pleading for Margaret alone or for the wraith of a woman as fair, whose whole life had been an expiation, whose sorroWj whose bitter regret, should last till death blotted them out for ever ? Mine's been an odd kind ot a life," said Mr. Jupp, still pacing up and down the room in which with the growing of the dusk the cheery firelight had things more and more its own way, " and maybe it's doomed to be a failure. Looked at in some lights, I'm of a mind, Miss Robinette, that a man who makes his way hupwards does better for them as comes after him than he does for himself, for take it how you will, he's always summat after the pattern of the fish out of wacer, who found things mighty uncomfortable all round, and cut but a poor kind of a figure trying to get along easv and afiable-like on a gravel walk. I've haa no tranin', you see—that's where the mifchiet of it lies—no polishing up. All my childhood's memories is mostly slaps ana soapsuds; for my mother—as honest an old soul as ever stepped, God bless her !—was a washerwoman, and mostly busy at the peggy- tnb. I mind her hands being always sodden and pitted^ like as they'd had the smallpox quite of their own account, and nothing to do with the rest of her—for Bhe was a fair-faced woman, with a cheek like a ripe ajiple—from constant suds. My father was given tq being a bit tryin', something after the pattern of Crasher, and that made the old woman more ready with her slaps than' she would have been otherwise. Well, she'd an old erey stocking upstairs in a cupboard quite unbeknown, and tied with a bit of ted tape. She'd show it me sometimes, when she and me were by ourselves, and she'd clink it and clink it on the table. ' Josey,' she'd say, * that's to 'prentice you to a good trade one_of these days.' Oh, but many's the time I've wished she'd lived to see what's come of them hard-earned savin's in the old stocking. I'd have done well by her, and made things soft and smooth for the poor feet as knew so little rest, and the busy hands as twirled the peggy so brisk ana tteady—ay, that I would! " I am sure of that," Baid Miss Robinette. She had given up trying to knit. For one thing the light was fading; for another— well, her glasses kept growing misty, so she took them off. and put them in their case. " So Miss Margaret was afraid of me, was Bhe?" said Mr. Jupp, coming back to the realities of the present from his childish reminiscences, like a diver coming to the surface of a stream. As he spoke he took up a position on the rug, leaned one arm on tne mantelshelf, and looked down at the dainty old figure in the easy-chair. "So Miss Margaret ran away—eh? and she's gone back to that old {tainted JezebeL" [To be continued.) 