moveltet danlyonsHdoom. ;CHAPTEB HI.—(COXUKUED.) By WAIF WANDER. Bat there was that in the woman's face, iBd especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that TIE s warning to a closer observer. It was s hard face, a cruel face, an obstinate face, in utterly untrustworthy face. If ever ignorance and prejudice, and a total want of moral consciousness - were stamped upon features they were stamped in the countenance of Mrs. Brady. Each of the three children that seated themselves at the table ronnd her on the occasion of which I write had some resemblance to the mother; but the unscrupulous canning of Cornelius, the animal vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable passions that gleamed in the eyes of Father James were all doubled and intensified in the old woman's face. As the man we call Father James seated himself opposite to where ehe stood she leaned on both hands as ehe rested them on the table and bent over it toward his bowed face, as she muttered angrily between her set teeth: " So it's on yon again ? Oh, blood of the ckTer Bradys, of Clogber, turned to water, the night is comin' on an' it's freezin' ye are 1" The bitter scam of the tones was felt keenly fcy the man to whom they were addressed, and /glance was flashed from his awful eyes into the woman's that was terrible to meet. —-"fee cnedTit yon -weren't my mother you would haunt me too, for Fd kill yon 1 And as it is you'd better be warned, for you may go too Jar some day, and my life is of little worth. She started back as his alenched fist was struck so violently on the table that the dishes were disturbed, but at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed harshly. "One can't say a word to you at all, James, these times," she said ; can't you take a joke from your mother ? " " Joke I" he repeated, as he stood up and dashed his chair back from the table. " Am I a child again that you think to twist me round your finger! Joke I who in their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the hangman's rope round their necks ? " and he slammed the door of an adjoining room behind him, leaving his sapper untouched on the table. Mrs. Brady's face grew white as chalk, and •he fell into a chair, staring at Cornelius with her terrified dark eyes. " What has come over him at all, Conn," •he cried; " he's not the same man since we eome here. Oh, my God, do yon thinlr he'll go back on us after all ? " and she rocked herself to and fro despairingly. " To tell yon the troth, mother, I'm getting afraid," replied Cornelias, as he attacked his food with an appetite. "I hope that the black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and repentance in his head." " If I thought so I'd tear it off his back ! A son of mine turn white livered ? A man with my blood in -Mm tum back from the revenge I swore Mm to on the cross ? If I thought so, I'm his mother, and I'd knife him with my own hands." She looked as if she would. She seemed quite capable of any deed as she rose and shook her right hand oat clenched against the air around her. As her long fingers gripped each other, then so they would doubtless have gripped an enemy's throat had it been within reach when the hot Mood was boiling in her veins—the same blood, as she had truly said, that had made Father James a haunted man. And Kora ate her food hastily, and scarcely hearing a word that was passing round her; tor she was need to her mother's temper, though she was not in her secrets, and never troubled her head as to what aroused it. At the present she was too mnch occupied about the admirer her brother had given her in his idle chaff, and «alnnl«Hng the effect of a dress (he intended to don on the morrow with the sole hope of exhibiting herself in it to the unconscious Irishman. As for Mrs. Brady, she Ład forgotten the presence of her youngest nntil it was recalled to her by a motion of Cornelius as he spoke ID a low voice. k^Tou forget, mother, that somebody is "Oh Kora? She S6T8T hears anything that does'nt concern her own self, or sees anything. God help her, bat her own handsome face in the glass. Nora! Nora, I say 1" "What ? " returned Nora, with a start on ner return from the realms of fancy. " What wor you thinking of ? " Tady Connor," promptly replied die girl; ud Cornelius rose bom the table with a load laugh that made the angry blood rash into bis aster's face. CHAPTER IV. THE FOBTCNE-TELLEB OF MOUNT BOBAK. THE hut is high up on a spur of Great Mount jwoan in 8 sheltered spot nearly hidden by "Ms and big brown rocks, half covered with j^een moss and grey lichen ; it was built of heavy timber slabs, and covered by sheets of "OX bark, both of which showed the weather- »om hue of many years. From the front of this hat on the side of the mount one of the grandest views around Marranga was discernable, and if it had been budt for tiie purpose of espionage, no mtu- «wn coald have been better chosen. The township lay nnder the eye like a green man. dotted with little white cubes that represented dwellings, and right across the long line of the gleaming creek, past St. HerrickB, and up the dope where the lone cemetery lay not a human being could move without beine traced from Nan Griffith's hut. The very gully where lay the long-deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home; and as far as the eye could reachfar across the plains bounded by the low purple-blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day - in short, the eyrie of an eagle was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. Two or three days after that on which my story opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and under the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branches over her uncanny-looking figure. She was a very old woman, with white hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long cloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this cloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will less, and ber skin" was shrivelled np on her face like sun-tanned leather; bnt the keen dark eyes that sparkled nnder the long white hairs of her eyebrows were apparently as serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was muttering and mumbling to herself in a dissatisfied way that made her diarp nose and chin meet in a manner that gave her some resemblance to a bird of prey, when she saw a woman climbing up the track among the trees leading toward the hut. It •was a tall, pale-faced woman of abont thirtyfive, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her face that would have won the sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. " What a time you've been 1 Faugh, the women there is in these days 1" "I was as quick as I could be," Ellen Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near the hag, "and I'm as tired as death." " Death is never tired, you fool, and you always are," Nan growled; "and now you sit there staring before you without teljing me a word; did yon see the child." " Yes, bat I had a rare hunt for him." " Where was he ?" "Up in the cemetery at the Colonel's "By himBelf?" " No, he was with Besignation St. Herrick." The reply seemed to stun the old hag with surprise. With Resignation St. Herrick I With her of all the children in the world 1" and then a harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully. " It would be grand," die screeched; " I wish I'd thought of it afore; but there's time enough. I'll make a polioeman—a trap of him.' "A policeman I of who?" " Of Dan I would it not be grand if he were to trap Colonel St. Herrick's murderer!" Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though she had. " Oh it's awful isn't it 1 your mother is a hard- hearted, cruel old woman, that would bunt to death the man you lovedL Faugh 1 you white-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck you; are you a child of mine at all ? " Ellen was used to such talk, and she said ' nothing save what was expressed in the worn to death, weary, look in her poor white face. " Tell me what yon heard, curse you, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad," shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently ; " open your mouth and speak, fool that yon are." " What am I to tell Bbout first ? " " The new people at St. Herricks, who are they?—quick." " Their name is Brady, an old mother, two eons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herricks—rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it true that they're going into the old ground again ? " "Yes." The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nut-crackers as die shrieked— " I'll throttle yon if you don't speak out 1 what has come over you at all fool? Have you seen a ghost—the ghost of Colonel Herrick, eh ? " " No, but I have seen a face like Dan Lyons." At the reply the old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as die questioned anxiously. "You don't mean that he has come back EUen?" No, it was in a woman's faoe I saw the likeness, and then it was in the eyes only. When I was looking for little Dan I went round by the fence at St. Harrick's, and found a young girl looking over it as if watching for Bome one; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have taken the place." Weill yon spoke to her of course? " Yes, and got a good deal of news oat of her, bnt before I left her mother came out and called her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons." " It was in your own eyes you saw a fool," said the hag scornfully. "You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, bnt that doable dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying." " She's a young girl, and a silly one, the Brady girl; bnt youll soon see her for yonrsdf, for I told her about you, and she's sure to pay you a visit. She thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in love with her." What man ?" Do you remember Tady Connor, mother?" "That Connor that worked in the Golly when the Colonel was billed ?" «' The same." " Something is going to happen 1" exclaimed Nan, wildly. "No wonder I dreamed of strange tilings and saw strange signs'! Go on 1" " When Mrs. Brady called the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himwlf on his way from the Golly." " Did he know you, EUen ?" " Yes, at once, and asked me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see you aboat some dream." "Aye? he was always a soft fool, but an open- handed one, too, so he's welcome." "If I don't mistake, that's he coming np the hill now, mother," said the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was Yes, it was Tady, in tenth, going, after many misgivings, to see once again the fortune-teller of Mount Boban, whom he had more onoe consulted in the yeara gone by; for Tady was one of those not unusual characters in whom are combined deep religious convictions and aniguorantbeherin supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was Borely exercised cm account of a strange dream he had had afew nights previous. " How Mr. Leonard would laugh at me, he was mattering to himself in gasps, as Hie steepness of the hill tried his lungs severely; <• he don't believe in fortune-tellers or witches, or anything, but eeein's bdievin', an* welll know Nan is a witch if there was ever one in jhia moid." _ When he reached the hut there was no one in front of it, and the door was shut. He knocked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped out of his skin as he was bidden by name to enter. . " Come in, Tady Connor." " What am I frightened of?" he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the door. " Of course Ellen has come back and tould her die seen me.' When he entered the low, dim room, with the clay floor and the smoke-blaokened rafters he saw that there was a small fire on the hearth, but no one beside it, and then he turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black cat at her feet. It was the cat's unearthly " me-a-w 1" that had made Tady shudder from head to foot. "Welcome, Tady Connor," said the hag as She advanced and stood before him, her akmny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. ' The eeas have rolled between ns for long years and now they have brought " 'm glai ing so hearty." " Time makes no odds tome,' she said, as die drew a seat to the table and sat down, while she pointed to another for her visitor. " I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." Tady would have liked to ask her whose death was to precede her own, but he dare'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to speak again. "You want to consult me?" she asked, as Bhe put her shrivelled face so near to him that the fiery little eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn him. "Speak out what it is" while the humors on me." " It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths—a drame that's troublin' me intirely; an' knowin' well how knowledgeable you always wor, I kem to ax you about it." " Allright," she replied, as she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coinTady had laid near her on the table. " Skull, fetch the master's books." " The latter command was addressed to the black oat, who instantly entered' the inside chamber and almost instantly returned with a little bag in his mouth, which he deposited on his mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of his vicinity to the terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " viciously in his face. " Down, Skull," cried Nan to the cat as she opened the bag and drew a pack of dirty cards from it. " Now, Connor, tell me your dream." " It's twice now I've drained it," he said, turning his face away from the cat, who still glared at him. " I thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with every spade I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I always expected a lamp of gold, and saw it shinin' as I turned the shovel, but whin it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it." " Did you know the face ? " asked the hag solemnly. " Yes, I did." " Whose was it ? " " It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." " Something is going to happen Tady Connor! " she said, almost repeating the words she had used to her daughter. " The dream was always the same ? " " Always, ma'am." With her jaws munching and mumbling horribly the fortune-teller spread the cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repdlant tiint u i was evident she possessed some belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himnplf, the little Irishman had uttered the one name in the whole world that had power to excite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. "What man is plotting against you?" she asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while she scanned the cards. "You have been speaking to him lately, though you have not touched his hand—who is it ? " and she turned her eyes keenly npon Tady's face. "I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Prosser, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer." "You spoke to no one else?—mind -what you say, Tady Connor." " Be this an' bs that 1" asseverated Tady, and then he all at once stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, " Sure it wouldn't be Father James!" Who is Father James ? " Nan asked suspiciously, " and what right have you to be talking of clergymen here ? Why, the very cat knows you have named one—look at him I" In fact the black cat had tamed toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me-a-wing and spitting at him. " Spake to him! qui ten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentleman that has rented St. Herrick's an' is livin' there wid his family." A sudden remembrance of what her daughter had said abont Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed the reading of the cards she had laid down. " I can tell you nothing about your dream until yon dream it onoe more," she said," but beware of a dark man that is plotting against your very life." " How will I find out who _he is ? " asked Tady, anxiously. " Through a girl," replied Nan; " a young girl with dark hair that'sin love with yon." With me ? It's joMn' you are, ma'm." Don't I look like a woman to joke ?" was the angry retort. " There's a girl in love with yon, and you'll see her this very day, for die's waiting and -watching for you at this moment; and now go, fori can tell you no more at present, - When you dream the third time come to me-again." Tady got up, andhaving uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His superstitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, although partly overcome by the wonderfully good news she had told him, were yet quite sufficient to render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he hastened down its side to be at leisure to think over his unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last! I think I have told yon that Tady Connor had numbered some thirty-five years, and during many lustres of those years it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head and ears in love -very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but those of the maidens who scorned .his turned-op nose, his crooked fingers, and his red hair, were as hard as the nether millstone. In vain had ha year after year pictured to himself some lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. One by one his hopes had been blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet here was a young girl with dark hair in love with him—actually in love with his -very self, 'without being asked or even known at sill Delightful thought! bat there was one drawback—he had a-rival, for that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him, and warned him against. " Of ooorse it's some chap that die won't look at on account of her love lor me, the darlin'1" he soliloquised. "I wonther who die is at all, at all? bot, sure, 111 know soon, for I'm to see her this very Oaj," and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his little heart, went down the hill rejoicing and looking all around him for" a sight of the girl who at last had been the one Jo appreciate the hithferto despised little min. "Maybe she's behind some of the bushesor rocks watchin' me the crathur," he murmured with a fond smile, as he took off his hat and arranged his red, stiff locks. " It's well I put on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particular," and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heds, as he gave the admired blue coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herrick's on his way to the township—doubtless the cunning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fence under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweetheart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his sillyJunaiLthe ex Ił , Jftp^^B^^dyTaimtiiDg up the hill path, arid now watched his return with a beating heart and a conscious smile on her coarse, rosy .face. .; St. Herrick's had, as we know, an interest for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he passed it, he forgot the fortune teller's prediction and thought of the murdered man whom everyone had loved. In the very middle of these sad thoughts, however, he heard a Blight cough, and with a sudden return of his warm admiration of his unknown inamorato's taste, he stopped and turned in the direction of tie " ahem." Had there been an observer of the meeting between Nora and Tady. he must certainly have_ been an amused one. The girl was craning her neck over the fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when at her cough he turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and giggled. Tady struck.,an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was she saw nothing save unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely delighted, so with the envious fence only between them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly npon "his knees on the damp grass, under the thick trees that protruded their great branches over the dilapidated fence. " Are you Tady Connor ? " simpered silly Nora, as she scanned her lover's rather singular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. " I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man," cried Tady. " What makes you so happy ?" " Because at last I see the beauty an' the darlin''of • the wide world here forenint me this blessed day." "He-he-he 1" He-he-he wasn't much, but, with the accompanying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great enoouragement to poor Tady. " Arrab, don't be laughin* iat me asthore; sure, you'll brak my heart if you do!" And, with a good deal of granting, Tady struggled to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. " I'm not laughing at you. How did you know I was here?"- Nora asked, as she arranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had arranged the tail " Nan tould me agra, an' sure it was meself that a'most flew dovrn the hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but he was wondering all the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask heir at once. " I say, agra, who was it tould you me name ?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, "D Conn, who ever he is." , "But who is this Nan you are talking about ? Is she you're sister ?" " God forbid 1" and Tady crossed himself devoutly, " arrah no, - asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Boban these twenty years, an' the't a fortune teller." The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey-like face being protruded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affect a prudery she was far from experiencing. " Go away with you—it's a shame for you, and if mother or Conn was to see you, both of us would be lolled." Divila care I care! Who's Conn ?" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly nose at the mention of a "name he had identified as a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry to vex the mother ov me darlin' girl, but as for Conn—to the divil wid him, I say 1 Who is he, at all, at all?" "Conn is my brother, didn't yon know that? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, they call him now." Oh, Lord 1 is Father James a brother of yours? But afther all, why diould we be afraid of him or any one ? Ill keep company -wid no dacent girl except for daoency, and sure he could marry us if he was agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea of this ardent wooing. " 'Tis early in the day to be talking of marrying when I've only seen you a minute or two ago; and besides, James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders." 'Oh, I forgot, he tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makes up our minds we can aisy find a priest to tie us together for' a happy life. Who's that* " That was someone shouting shrilly " Nora 1 Nora 1" in the direction of the house. " 'Tis me mother 1 I must go or she'll kill me." " Stop one minnit aehtore. Whin'il I see you agin ? ..Tell me quick now before you go. 8ore,ril be thinkin' it months till I see your bewehefdl eyes an' your darlin' face again." " I don't know, I'm often'here at the fenoe, and if .you'll whittle I can come mostly any time in the evenin'." : " " Ob, the lovdy crathur 1" murmured Tady, as he gripped the top rail of the fence and stared after the quickly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. " Isn't she the darlin' of the world to take a fancy to me in this way, an' not a sowl to care for me in this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?" and the name reminded that he had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts mooh longer,'so-he tore himself away and made for the township, CHAPTEB V. THE DEAD MAN'S CUBSE. Lone cemetery of Marranga, where the few dead deep far from the world they may know, no more, stad where the rustle of' the long grass over their neglected graves is rarely caused by a human footBtep. There in the quiet nook on the hill-side may the bird rear her young in peace among the spreading trees of the old Bush Land, ana the breeze whisper to dead ears unheard save by the young of the wallaby that sometimes venture to peep from among the rocks that bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater than that of Marranga graveyard, where a dozen graves bad sunk among the grass to sad neglect, and over only one had a name or a date been inscribed. And that one, on a head-stone of white marble, stood out from its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleep's, to guard the last resting-place of a St. Herrick. That spot alone in the grass tangled enclosure was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in a desert of desolation. The black letters on the pure surface of the head-stone had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to the eye had there been one in the vicinity to read it. But it was yet early in the morning, and the man who was dowly approaching it had not as yet reached the graveyard. Indeed he seemed in no haste, for he toiled up the dope as one afflicted with weakness, and when he had reached the gate, rested long on it, gazing toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard face under a douched hat, and he wore a long, black semiclerical coat It was the new tenant of St. Herricks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps he did not mean to enter at all. He-stood there so Iqng, and so motionless were stalking proudly in the grass, and greeting the early sun with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jackass, perched npon the limb of a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild chorus to somedistant mate. The green paroquet fluttered and chattered among the branches, but that statue-like man did not seem to see them or hear anything until there was the sounds of voices behind him, and then he turned his head just a little Way to see who were the unwelcome visitants to a spot he had believed too lone to bring a single human being to gaze upon his face. It was fair Besignation St. Herrick who came toward him, though he didnotknowit then, and beside her walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. Close beside Besignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes closely and suspiciously scanning the stranger as the trio neared him. Besignation was attired as she had been when I first named her. A pale blue fleecy dress envdoped her slight figure, and from under her broad drooping hat her flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand she carried a little basket, the other was laid on the dog's great head, as the child noticed his uneasy movements. The boy's stout, healthy figure was clad in a shirt of some light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fine dark eyes, and a handsome bright face, browned by the san, and ruddy with health. " Hush, Guardian, you must not be rude to strangers," Besignation whispered in response to the dog's subdued growl. " He will not bite you, sir." Father James made no reply, and the children passed him to enter the gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving the man a second glance, but Besignation paused with her soft hand on the still open gate. "Would you like to come in, sir? It is not private. Would you like to come in and see my dear father's grave ? " " Your father's grave I Why should I want to see your father's grave, child ?" The words were spoken so Eharply that the child drew back a little; during all Resignation's little life these were the first words she had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and she fixed her large calm eyes upon the man in a sort of mild wonder as she replied, \- xMgjfuurpiuuDa; x tnougnc you were the gentleman who has taken the house where papa used to live, and that you might like to see his grave." " Who are yon, child ?" he asked in trembling tones, as his white face seemed to yet blanch of a more ghastly pallor. "I am Resignation St. Herrick," Bhe answered; " my father was Colonel St. Herrick." " Stay, I will go with you," he murmered, as she was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle child waited gladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed her to pass him, and then followed her up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could have known what was passing in that man's heart—if she could have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have said ? He followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the priest's eyes seemed fixed with such a stony glare that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the man's naked breast, his face could not have expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. SACKED To THE MEMOBY Or COLONEL THEODOEE SI. HEBBICK, Foully murdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186— " Vengeance is MIKE, I will repay, saith the LOBD." The child Baw that his eyes were tracing the words, and waited silently and respectfully until he turned his face away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his back to the headstone. The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed his teeth, though silently, doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, but Besignation regarded the stranger with a yearning pity that her soft question explained. " Did you know my dear papa, sir ?" and as a reply Father James shook his bowed bead. " Yon have perhaps loBt a dear father, too ? but not in so sad and cruel a way as I lost mine. Oh it was crud, cruel." " It was -worse than cruel; it was inhuman and cowardly 1" cried the lad, striking the trowd' on the grass he was kneeling on for emphasis; 41 and if I was a man and met ^i™ I would kill him as I would a snake." " Who are you ?" asked the priest, Euaa<a»v as lio turned his face toward the vehement "Me? My name is Daniel." "And Daniel is my friend," explained Besignation eagerly. " He has always hdped me to keep papa's grave nice, and when he is a man he is going to find papa's murderer and get Wm punished." She said the last words in a low, emphatic whisper, looking round her as if fearful of being overheard as in a matter of the most secret consequence. "Yes, I Bhallfind him,"Danid deolared, proudly. " Old Nan wants to make a policeman of me to ran the villain down; bat I shall find him without being a trap.. He may hide tiimrolf anywhere, but I shall find him, for it is fated that my hand shall put the rope about'his neck." "How do you know?" asked the whitefaced priest almost in a whisper. " Because granny has said so, and die is a reader of" the stars—they cannot lie, you know, and besides I feel that I shall know Dan Lyons by instinct if ever the villain comes near me." " Was Dan LyonB the name of the man who " and lie nodded toward the head- stone, though he did not jturn his eyes !to- •ward'it "Yes, didn't you know?" Besignation asked wonderingly. "He was poor papa's mate in the claim, you know. It doesn't tell about it there"—and she pointed to the stone—"butmama has told me all about it over and 07er again. Dsn Lyons buried my dear father alive—papa wrote about it in his note book while he was dying, and mama has the note book yet. Just fancy what it must have been to be crushed down in the dark ground alive, but smothering, and thinking of mama and me all the time 1 Oh, poor papa! But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him, for he was going to heaven, but the murderer can never, never go there." " Are you sure of that ? " How eagerly the question was asked I with whait trembling lips and craving eyes ! "Of course he can't I" cried Daniel; "he must go among the -devils, forie-was one "Maybe, Daniel, if he -was truly penitent,' Besignation said doubtfully; " if he is sorry and asks (Jod for Christ's sake, He may forgive him after a great while." " Never 1 all the Eorrow in the world wouldn't undo his sin or make a dead man live again 1 Besides, if he was sorry he would have stood out before the world and confessed his crime I " From one to the other of the childrens' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What could he be looking for ? In Dan's eyes he saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's mercy was contending with her righteous abhorrence of the man whose crime had made her fatherless. " It was cruel," she repeated, as she patted the mould around some plant on the grave beside whioh she now knelt softly, " and if it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might be sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for me to bs sorry for him." " Sorry for him ? I wish I was old enough and—and I'd " " Vengeance is mine," repeated Itesigua tion from the stone; "mama says that as surely as God's sun shines in the sky God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, the murderer.". Still from one young face to another the man looked voicelesaly, the children now tending the flowers on the grave and not regarding him, but eaoh engaged with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and he spoke to the boy. "Did you say your name was Dan? " " Yes, I wish it wasn't! why did they cull me the same name as that murdering wretch ? I won't have it 1" " I never call you Dan," said Resignation softly; " Daniel is a nicer name, and the Danid in the Bible was a good man." "Your name is Dan?" persisted the stranger; " Dan what ? " " My name is Daniel Griffiths if yon want to know," the boy replied defiantly, for he resented the priest's insisting on calling him Dan. " What is your mother's name ? " • " Ellen, EUen Griffiths; she is old Nan Griffiths' daughter." (To be continued.) 