FBANCB. fFrom onr own CorreaDondent.1 Paris. August 29. M. Ferry and the papers that support him ire ag clever in contriving Chinese puzzles a? he Chinese themselves. Neither he nor his friends will admit that there is war between France and China. France is merely in a Btate of hostility with China'— that is alL The Chinese lay in ambush for the French troop3 marching to take possession of Lang Son, and slaughtered a considerable number cf them in a narrow pass at Bac Le ; bat that was treachery, not war. France inflicted a mild bombardment, a little bit of a bombardment that lasted only an hour, on Keeltlng, in the island of. Formosa, and afterwards took possession of what remained of the port, and also of the coal mines in the neighbourhood ; but that was not war— it was merely 're- prisals.' The bombardment of the princ:pil dockyard of China, Foochow, the destruction Of the Chinese fleet and the forts on the River 'Min were also reprisals, but not war. The interruption of diplomatic relations between France and China does not mean war— it simply means 'a difference of opinion on a ghen subject.' China will not do as France bids her, and France is determined to pummel her till she does— that is ' a state of host lity,' it is not war. Ths least of the above trifles would be war if any European P wer were concerned, but the Heathen Chinee is peculiar, and M. Ferry's way3 with Iim are no less peculiar. The fact is M. Ferry has virtually declared war on Chjoa wiihout the formal consent of the Chambers, which he did not like to convene in order to get their opinion on the subject, though President Gre'vy thinks that clause 9 of the Constitution, which forbids the'declaration of war without the Chambers being consulted and assenting, ought to be respected. M. Ferry relies on a vote of confidence given him a short time ago, when a resolution wa3 passed saying that the Chamber Uastedto the Ministry to make China respect the Treaty of Tientsin. M. Ferry says that la exactly what he is doing. If ha bombards the ports, forts, and arsenals of China that does not mean that he has declared war on China— he is merely trying to make the Chinese Government respect the treaty of Tientsin. For a whole year the French troops have been fighting in Tcnqnin against Chinese regulars, bat France and China were the best of friends for all that. Certainly the traitorous slaughter of BftcLe has produced a coolnesa but not a declaration of war; the usual cordiality between the two Powers will be resumed as soon as China consents to pay 80,000,000 francs, and gives security for the amount. There ia no war between France and China, because the former does not intend to invade the latter, nor to besiege a single fortified town, nor to send a single French army corps to China. All France will do is to bo nbard places of easy access, and to sieze On ports that are worth having. ' That is,' says M. Ferry's supporters, ' a polic/ of iust reprisals, and a taking of securities ; it is not war.' The Portuguese hava held Macao for two centuries, and the Chinese have opposed no other force to them than that of inertia. In the same way the English have taken possession of Hongkong, where they Hell opium to the amount of many millions ster ling annually. France may therefore occupy Foochow, Formosa, Sec, and cease all nego tiations, without on that account being at war with China. Consequently, there is no necessity for convening the Chambers. Such lathe reasoning of 11. Ferry and his friends, tat it does not satisfy the public. The French like nothing so much as clearness, and will not make an effort to understand even sound reasoning if obscurely expressed. If the Chinese war were popular they would not ask for any reasoning ; they would go with the Government against any and every clause of the Constitution. But it is nob popular. There is a presentiment that the venture into which M. Ferry has carried them will disorganize the army at home, and impoverish the military resources of France, who will find herEelf helpless when the next European war breaks out, as was the case under the Empire after the rash expedition to Mexico. M. Ferry is playing a desperate game ; luck alone, and not statesmanship, can save him now. His present move is really the grand coup of a gambler. The 'reprisals' France ia making on China have led to reprisals between the French and English Press. The comments in the limza of the 2oth inst. on the des] atchea of that journal's Foochow corre spondent, have stung the French almo3t to madness. What the Timea considers an act of Bavage barbarity ia for the French a brilliant fait d'amw. The Qaulovi says:— 'It well becomes, in sooth, that cynically calculating nation, so ferociously egotistical, BO incapable of the least sentiment of generosity ; that nation which Iimit3 ita civilizing mission in the world to getting Gordon to re-establish slavery in the Soudan, and to stultify millions of men by the sale of Opium, of which she has reserved to herself the jealous and dishonouring monopoly ; that nation which won the battle of Tel-el-Kebir by volleys of banknotes ; that nation which plundered, massacred, and burned poor de fenceless fellahs at Alexandria; it well becomes such a nation to denounce to Europe * the UBeless cruelty, the unnecessary work of floatation' of our brave seamen, and to pity the fete of the Chinese defenders of Foochow, of 'joien who were not pirates, but soldiers a'i3 EailorV . It is not so far from the banks /of the river Min to those of the Ganges that r we do not know how you put down the rising of 1857 in India. What would you have laid if the French Press had raised its voice in favour of the revolted Sepoys? 'You allow yourselves towards France obser .Tataona which you pretend are made c with out anger and without jealousy;' and because the bombardment of Foochow has caused the price of tea to rise in the London '.market, you dare to threaten us with the discontent .of Germany. Enough of that ! There is not a party in France which the overweening ness and insults of England towards us do not revolt.' So the Gaulois, which it must be noted is the organ of the Orleanista, and a violent anti-Republican paper; it ia for that reason I have preferred giving Ita remarks. It goes without saying that the Republican organs reply still more vehe mently to the Times, and contrast Admiral Courbet with Admiral Seymonr, to the dis advantage of the latter. The most widely .spread paper of all iu France gives its; reply the vigorous heading— 'You are a Karl' -The serious Republican papers, the Temps, Itebats, &a;, treat the strong language- of the Timea with contempt —real or assumed. One effect of that Btrong language. has been to shame the Radicals and Intransigents back i&to; .trench sentiments. Till the outburst of the. Times they secretly hoped, that the Chinese would give M. Ferry a lesson ; they are now forced to cease their sneers at the Government and the fleet. All classes of 'Frenchmen are intensely excited, not against the Chinese, whom they consider of no : account as adrersaries, but against the EigliBh. The hatred of the Anglais ia the most deeply rooted sentiment in a French man's soul. The chances of a war between .'Kngland and France are a permanent subject of conversation, which generally pivots on . the changed conditions of naval warfare. The Ghauvina will tell you confidently, that with the new style of ehip3, the habit of English ironclada going to the bottom of their own accord, and of running into and sinking one another, it is certain almost that France ia now the mistress of tke sea.' In home politics the great event of the month has been the holding of the Congress in VerssIIIea; for a revision of the Constitu .tion. When .the Senate and Chamber de liberate together their reunion ia called a OongresB, and it is an article of the Constitu tion that Congresses ahall alwaya be held in Versailles. The najcrity of the aittings of the Ungress jost dosed were the moat disgraceful exhibitiona I eYer witnessed. One of the most peculiar circumstances connected with the uproarious and unseemly, scenes that marked ths first sittings of the Congress is that they took place in the most dead-and-alive city in the world. If Ver sailles is not a city of the dead it ia the nearest approach to Sleepy Hollow that reality can offer ; and yet it is there that for the last 100 yeara the moat boisterous Parlia mentary proceedings have taken place. What is also very curious is that the quiet easy going inhabitants of the place pay no atten tion whatever to those disgraceful rows. The first Bitting was the moat disreputable affair of the kind on record, and that, too, without any justifiable motive, for there was nothing more important be fore tha Assembly than questions of procedure and rules for the House. Every one tried to speak at once, and no one, not even the President- knew what was the matter in hand. After long observation and much reflection on these scenes, I am led to attribute them to the fact ' of most of the Senators and Deputies lunching away from home on the days they go to Versailles. The cellar of the Hotel des Reservoirs contains wines that are especially heady, that is, they make a good many honourable members lose their heads. Add the heat (which this summer has been more intense than ever before known in France), and excitement to the elevating effecta of the dejeuner, and you have the explanation of the bedlam- like scenes and foul language that so frequently disgrace the palace of Louis XIV. Not a few of the members seem to have f ollowed the late Louis Veuillot's plan in getting up their vocabulary. Veuillot waa By far the most .scurrilous writer of the nineteenth century, and used to defend religion in language that must have made the angels weep and the saints blush. He owed his mastery of vile language to occasional quarrels with fishwives, whom he would now and then prorqke to enrich his vocabulary. He alwaya carried a book in which he noted such opprobrious epithets and phrases as were new to him. Many of the' legislators who sat recently at Versailles must have studied at the same school, and it would be necesfary to translate many of their vituperations into Latin so aa not to shock decency. The following are a few of the choice flowers of rhe toric I culled during the first sitting: — ' Penny hop,' *' dunghill,' ' corps de baUet,' ' shameless jobbery, ' pigs,' ' heap of reprobates,' 'set of thieves,' 'flunkeys,' 'malefactors,' 'debauched majority,' ' Orleanist majority,' ' impure majority,' 'pestilence,' 'cesspool,' 'infamous comedy,' 'foetid mad,' 'pack of hounds,' 'do they pay for drink for you?' 'ei des femmes avec,' 'you are a gang of thieves,' &c.; &c.; That waa how the Royalist and Radical minority informed the Ministerial majority that they differed in opinion from them. Add to that tho sight of more than 800 representatives of France, all wildly gesticulating in a menacing manner, M. Andrieux, a former Prefect of Police and Ambassador, trying to hustle the Prime Minister out of the tribune, shaking his fist at him, and finally throwing a bundle of papers at his head, the President of the Congress all the time ringing his dreadful bell to increase the din, and you will have a feeble notion of the manner 'in which they work the Parliamentary system in France. Nothing could show more forcibly the hollowness of French Radicalism and the vanity of the grand orations of its leaders ia favour of tha ' immortal principles,' such as liberty, equality, &c;, than the treatment inflicted by the Deputies of th8 Extreme Left and the papers that represent them on M. Gerville-R^ache, the re? porter of the Revision Bill before the Congress. M. Gerville - Re'ache ia a gentleman of colour, and a Deputy for Guadeloupe. He at first threw in his lot with the Extreme Left, and all the time M. Clemenceau and his followers thought his opinions were of a deep red ; the colour of his politics caused them to forget the hue of his skin. He waa then a good little nigger. The Radicals were constantly boasting of his intelligence and his virtues. Now he has tecome an Opportunist theyperceive he is not white, and call him ' ill-waahed.' Every time he entered the tribune during the Congress, and as the reporter he had to appear there very frequency, they insulted him and shook their fasts at him. He, however, remained impassable, allowed the tempest of rage and imprecations to pass over his woolly head, and then quietly continued his speech from where it had been interrupted. As. a white man, I felt humiliated by the lesson of civilization given to my race by one of a race supposed to be inferior. One Deputy called him 'a political nigger minstrel,' 'aswarthy politician ;' he threatened to throw cocoa nuts at him, and give him a hiding with a sugar-cane. Another called him ' a stick of liquorice,' 'a lank mulatto,' 'the Duke of Marmalade/' and 'the Uncle Tom of the Revision.'^ A third threw the epithet ' Freed man ' at him, and wanted to know if hejtook the tribune tor a cocoa-nut tree. A fourth of these universal friends of humanity re minded the dark-complexioned Deputy of the floggings received by his ancestors on the plantations. And France is the home of politeness 1 M. Laisant, an ex-officer, stig matized M. Gerville-R&iche; as ' a bronzed reporter,' and told him he might have written bis report with a ' porcupine's quill taken from the nose of his grandfather or grandmother.' The gallant officer then con cluded by calling the Deputy for Guadelope 'a son of slaves.' There we have a fine specimen of the immortal principles 1 Freed man ! Son of slaves ! Such ia the mark of infamy branded on the forehead of the mulatto Deputy by the red iron o£ the Intransigent ' The resuming of the daily journey to Ver sailles for the sittings of the Congress carried ns back some dozen years, to the stirring timea when the National Assembly Ia3t sat there (1S71-1875). Those were palmy days for the special correspondent ; the Republic hung by a thread, and Royalists and I3ona partists were openly scheming or conspiring to cut that thread. The Count of Chambord himself came secretly to Versailles, and Gambetta bad prepared an armed rising throughout the country to finish once for all with the Royalists if an attempt were made by force to restore monarchy. The famous 1.25 train which took us down to Versailles offered a curious study; Deputies (there were no Senators thenj, journalists, secre taries, Ministers, shorthand writers, clerks, &c;, were all mixed up together in the com partments, and the utmost equality and iraternity prevailed. It was in that train, that I received the ' tips' which supplied me with my beet and most sensational tele grams. Nearly every one smoked, all talked, many jested, and not a few of the younger men played dcartd during the ride. On reaching Versailles we walked in a Jong black line along the Boulevard de la Reine and up the Rue des Reservoirs, like a boarding-school out for a promenade. The VersajlLaiB called us Buffet s boys : on this occasion we were Le Royer'a lads— Buffet and Le Royer being the respective Presidents of she two Assem blies. Many a story, good, bad, or in different, was told during the journey at the expense of some absent colleague. I remem ber hearing M. Lockroy, the present witty Deputy, tell the following about M. Naquet. to whom France owes the re-establishment of divorce :— Naquet went one very wet night to Louis Blancs, where several Deputies were already assembled. As he had been walking some distance in the rain, he asked the master of the house to let him take off his boltines and place them on the hearth to dry. . Louis Blanc reluctantly consented, where upon Naquet, emboldened by his success, begged to De allowed to hang his wet socka on the fender. Before Louia JBlanc had time to reply, Colonel Scboalcher took Naquet by the collar and said— 'Look here, Naquet, if you attempt to take off your socks, I will throw yon and them and your bcitinea out of the window.' ' What astonishes me in your story, Lockroy.' observed M. Brisson, the present austere President of the Chamber of Deputies, 'is to learn that Naquet wears socks;' and we used to laugh at such stories, though we were then laughing on a political volcano, as it were. Since then not a few of the journalists have become Deputies, and many of the Deputies have become Senators, and whether it be owing to that cause or not, Deputies, Senators, and journalists were not so cordial, fraternal, and confidential in the L25 train of August, 1884, as in that cf ten years ago. There waa still some practical joking carried on, but it waa of a dismal kind. Some wag in your compartmentwouldwhispermysteriously,but lona enough to be heard by all, that the lofty viaduct at Viroflay between Paris and Ver sailles was not very solid ; that it began to bo shaky when M. De Broglie took office ; that the Western Railway Company, though warned of the danger by their engineers, re fused to. remedy the perilous state of things, having calculated that it will be cheaper to pay damages to the victims of the rutan catastrophe than to incur the expense of such costly repairs. Then, in spite of vourself, you looked out of the window and saw the tops of some fir-trees on a level with the rails, showing yon to what depth you would aome1 day be precipitated. The effect of that silly joke was to cause about a hundred nervous Senators and Deputies to go backwards and fcrwards-by the high road bo aa to avoid the railway viaduct After nine sittings the National Assembly voted the Government project for a revision of the Constitution, ana the Congress came to an end, the Senators and Deputies return ing to their respective Chambers in Paris. There is nothing of very great importance in the project thus voted. The public prayers which used to be offered up at the beginning of each session to implore the Holy Ghost to inspire the members of the two Chambers have been suppressed aa useless. That clause was hotly combated by Bishop Ereppel aa impious, though he himself is in the habit of treating the majority of ltfa fellow-Deputies as atheists and infidels past praying for. IS is but just to state that in Prance, where the State is of no religion, official prayers were an anomaly. It is certain they never at tained the end in view. Another clause of the project makes it illegal to attempt to overthrow the Republic and . substitute another form of government for it. That is aimed at. the Orleanista, who have of late adopted the attitude of pretenders. They will have to be more cautious in future, as it will now be very easy for Government to expel the Orleans Princes from France. A third clause in the revision project increases the number of senatorial electors from some 30,000 to about 75,000. Such is, in ita main points, M. Ferry's revision scheme. Both Chambers separated last week, and will not meet again till October. They had been sitting, with slight interruptions, since last January. The Chamber of Deputies has very little to show for ita session, but the Senate has done some useful work. The principal achievement of the Senators ia the voting of the Divorce Bill, which h&a; already been promulgated and become law within the last few weeks. It was so impa tiently awaited by the publio that several divorces have been pronounced already, though the Law Courts are on the eve of their long vacation. When they return we shall have divorces by the dozen ; for all who have been judicially separated for more ttan three yeara may apply to have the separation changed into divorce. Such an application has been made by La Patti, who has bean separated from her husband, the Marquia de Caux, for many years. JS'icolini, Patti's favourite tenor, also seeks to have the sepa ration from his wife, Mdme. Nicolas, changed into a divorce. T-e difficulty in both these cases is that the judicial separation was pro nounced against Patti and Nicolini in their respective suite. One remarkable case in which separation has been changed iito divorce is that of Mdme. Madeleine Brohan and her husband, M. Mario Uchard. Mdme. Brohan is the most talented comedienne of the Theatre Franeaia, and M. Uchard is a novelist and dramatic author of high repute. They were married some twenty yeara ago, but their tempers not suiting they quietly agreed to apply for a judicial separation for incompatibility d'hwneur. and were separated accordingly in 1867. They have ever since met on very friendly terms, and it was very curious to see them in public places asking each other about then* health. When ever Mario Uchard brought out a new book he never failed to send the first copy to Mdme. Brohan, and some of his novels are even dedicated to her. Neither of them, though now divorced, thinks of marrying again, for Madame Brohan ia unfortunately on the point of leaving the stage on account of advanced yeara. Never theless her last creation— the Duchess, in ' Le Monde ou. Ton a'ennnie'— waa an inimi table masterpiece. On Saturday afternoon, the 9th inst., I happened to be on the terrace of Saint Cloud, enjoying the breeze that always blows there and the deep shade of the woods, when look ing along the magnificent avenue that leads to Sevres and the heights of Meudoa I saw an object like a huge steam-boiler, but pointed at both ends like a cigar, sailing majestically through the air and against the wind. It took the direction of the plateau of Chatillon, soared over Petit- Bicetre, and, on reaching Villebon, stopped, but without rising or falling. It then described an arc of a circle for about three-quarters of a mile, got on the sarre line by which it first travelled, and returned to where I had first seen it, after which I lost sight of it behind the woods of Meudon. It now appears that I was thus, by chance, an eye-witness of one of the greatest scientific events of the present age— the first successful experiment in steering balloons. The object I have. roughly de scribed wa3 a balloon constructed at the Military Aerostatic Works at Meudon, and was steered by two French officers, Captains Renard and Kreba. It was provided with an electrical motor, a screw, and a rudder. When it had risen to a height of about sixty yards the screw was set in motion, and the balloon moved towards a point that had been determined beforehand. The motion was slow at first; but gradually grew brisker. The breeze blew from the east with a velocity of five metres to the second, and, as I have alreadysaid.tke balloon travelled against it at the rate of eight metres to the second in the first part of the journey. One of the officers steered while the- other keT-t the balloon at the same elevation. I On ita return to the Aerostatic School at Meudon, it came down slowly towards the lawn, veering slightly, advanced a little, then backed, and finally settled on the spot that had been agreed on, and frctn which it had ascended, : That experiment, I think, solves the problem of thepossibility Gf steering balloons very satisfactorily, and the day on which it took place (August 9) deserves to be re membered. The motive-power and the pro peller are in the car, and leave room only for two officers. The electric power is supplied by aserieSjiOf Platen's'improved accumulators, capable of supplying 10-horsepower for four hours. The author of this great discovery, Captain Renard, left the Polytechnic School in 1866, and the Metz School of Application in 1870, when the war broke out, to serve in the Army of the Loire. Since 1877 he and hia brother have diiected the Mendon establish ment, where their efforts have been devoted to creating balloons fit to render service to an army in the field. The strictest orders have been given by the Minister of War to keep the secret of the new di&covery; inviolable, but in spite of that it will soon be 'the secret oi Polichinelle.' ? , While at Meudon I may mention that M. Pasteur has hia hospital there for carrying out bis experiments on hydrophobia. Some days ago a Government Committee composed of the leading French medical savants visited the place to report on the progress made. In their presence M. Pasteur made an experi ment, which proved conclusively to them that rabies can be prevented by inoculation. M. Pasteur had twenty dogs that had been inoculated, and twenty others that had not. All forty were then bitten by mad dogs. The twenty that bad been inoculated were proof against the virus, while the other twenty went mad and succumbed to it. This grand discovery of Pasteur's is likely to render even; greater service to humanity than his preven tive inoculatfon of sheep. It was no wonder: that he waa the hero of the International Medical Congress which has just closed its' ninth session at Copenhagen. M. de Verninao has at length presented hia report on the Re'cidivistes Bill to the Senate. It dcea not differ materially from the project' voted by the Chamber of Deputies, except that the names of the penal settlements to which the re*cidivistea are to be sent are. left blank. That is a concession to the English Government brought about by the agitation in Australia on the subject That agitation has also had the effect of calling public atten tion in France .to the subject, which has hitherto attracted but little attention. The Temf. s has published a series of articles by an eminent Professor of Criminal Law, M. Jules Leveille', in which he protests strongly against turning loose the scum of France in New Caledonia. M. Yves Guyot, of the Lanterns, who is opposed to the Bill alto gether, informs me that he ia about to open' a campaign against it, and to make a apeolal point of letting the French public know what the state of opinion is in Australia, on the subject. Even he waa not aware of the excitement that exists among you anent this matter till I told him of it 