?Mwajini: Midnight on Bellevus* How lite » pale-robed ghost the moonlit night, Clear-skied, star-dimmed, mysterious as the wul, lions slowly o'er the 6^ day's sunny path, dUoiig this aiiy home of wakeful flow'rs, ; But nm to make flu swelling height appear Apieceofmimrtobalf-hHdairtBn). Hark ! bark ! how Nature tongues in. changing cheat ?The lonely hoars' tow soothing lullaby. Of aidiiuf winds -raite careless, dally sounds The diapason of long MBows* roar From ?where far Boodf s gleaming sands repel ITherOTight^tfpndca^eBsofooeanold, -?? : .' 'Whose ever-rolling deep Mae-eye still looks With youthful love upon the time-smoothed shore; JUtdwith his antique wooi&g; song's deep ban ? .Afl tafaor sounds make Butting hanaocy* The croaking chorus, fag ued with chirping strains, Wu^eereiudes yon dampened vale below* - ;; SJyfifartence toned to melancholy lav# _?? ? ??'?- Waves to tbe ear; and light as lovers' breath Hn constant zephyrs pass with do vy sighs, . ~, j jFUohed from the dreams of sleeping, cream-faced heathf, ,'- 3'hat milk the ooze above high ferny rocks, : . j Where yellow and vermilion bells ring in . ? With silent peals the gnnbnrnt Chriatmaa time. ... .. Anon some insect of the nighttxpaads . . ? '?%'' Its wings with stringy hum; and, leaning west, . ^ To where the drowsy town blinks on its i5&B;, '' . Thought makes the drone the midnight echo here / Of daylight's busy peatm, voiced from that scene '-,? And ail the world beyond. A curlew calls— \ ?The frttftd wati ainidst^ mother's «ong-^- ? : And at that spMt-startling cry there darts ; ' ' i Come frightened thing across the windingjoad, Which, itkp a broad»made bandof stiver dulled, „'.:.;; -? Girdles this mighty mound. Up floats from where ?-?- ._ A seeming firefly Bkims the harbour waves The measured music of the dripping wheels That strongly beat some vessel's seaward oourse ; While etmreenrring with itecinJing light Theapark that tops the fatal cliff befbnd Mocks like a playful child the moon auBtere, And hails and speeds an endless argosy. But now behold! the euver-saiidaUed moon, : Tired with her lengthy, uphul'eveaing stroll, .'«/?;. Half through her stony garden, sits at rest Within a midway bow'r of planets bright -' That veil their 'charms before her sovereign sun. 1 A tloud appears of mystic parentage, And hangs its dove-hued folds before her face, While darkly frowns ihe earth. 'Tie gone! and she, »fijoic6d to seethe world again in all Tbi beauty of unclouded majesty, ; Kowbepms so brightly with a chaste, fond light That tiight but «eem8 a lovely sleeping day From which some thief has bome the gold away And only left the fiilvw. Fair Belle vne, Thejiight and all your harmonies, adieu ! ':.-:v- :-?..?; ..,:;?,-.'/..?.???-? w.i,.i-; ' Sydney, September 27* 1884. 