THE HANDSOME STRANGER. its h'o ' osed rxs L " _ by "So polished I." "So handsome ! "So fascinating ! " "Pray who is he 7 " And hisename" --- " Is Edwi Gray.'' " How sweet 1 Just like music ! on Those and, kindred exclamations forme j_ the stalple of conversation, at the momen tat a birthday party, as the subject of a he much comment moved quietly away dow r- the lona, well- lighted, well-furnishe Ve apartment. of The waltzing was over ; the rich, softi Sundulating waves of Strauss's. music ha e subsided upon the shore of comparativ asilence. rs "Oh, Eva, he was quite taken wit: a- you 1" said Amy Pendleton, inher quio at straightforward manner. "He told.m g your hair was the colour of beaten gold. , "Did het Well, he spoke of you 0 eyes, and compared them to heaven's owe y blue." "And he said Kate's smile. was. th Ssweetest he had evedr seen," said La SBaker. Iwonder what he praised abou r me ? " she added, with a queer litthle e grimace. "Your- hands, my dear. For white. ness and symmetry, they were lik d lilies." "Then we are, every one of us, charm ing in his eyes!. Oh, how delightful I' Ssaid Eva Warren, the-, brightest anc r wittiest of the fouilr young girls gathered 0 at this birthday party. "C Oan't we con a glomerate our charms some way, and make one perfect whole, worthy of woar. ship by. this knight of the fathomless eye'" , r "By thew ay, he his wonderful eyes, r hasn't he 7" said Amy Pondleton. "Do i you know, I scarcely, dare to look in Sthem, for fear I sliall.have to take up Swith'the old strain, slightly, altered : "' Oh, my heart, my heart is breaking. . For the love of EdwinGray." " Doni't be silly, Amy," exclaimed Eva. S"I was never wise,'" was the retort; "and for that very ,reason I shall be singled odt by this paragon, see if I'mn not. .,And then, I shall smile and smile on him, till Louis will frown and frown on me, and gnaw away at his moustache. It will be delightful to see him jealous once ; he boasts that he never was, is, or can be jealots. But he has never yet had any occasion." "You won't be so foolish, Amy; this stranger can be nothing to you." "'Perhaps--I. don't know. Ah ! he is coming this way." Strangely enough, the handsome and distinguished young man did stop at Amy's aide, and in a few moments had engaged her for the dance just forming. Amy's heart fluttered. She felt flat tered to be the choice of the most dis tinguished-looking man in the room, and her spirits rose proportionately, for they were soon on tihe best of terms. "You are fond of dancing ?" lhe said. "Oh, I like it better than anything else-see, my tablets are quite full; it was only by the merest chance that this one dance lhappened to be open." "Of which I was fortunate to avail myself," lhe answered with a bow. "My dear, don't be so comsmunica tire," whispered Eva, as she crossed her in one of the figures. " Remember, your partner is a perfect stranger." ' "Don't you fear for'me," said Amy a little sharply-" just as if I didn't know how far to go," 'she added, to herself. "Eva would be glad to have himn for a partner." Another pause ih the dance. "I think I am acquainted with a gen tleman :of your name," said Mr. Gray, his strangely magnetic eyes reading her face. : :' - S"Oh, are you 7 I wonder if it is Uncle' Pauly" she exclaimed delightedly. "It certainly is Mr. Paul Pendhli ton," he answered, smiling at her pretty en thusiasm. "Yes, but there may be more than one Paul-mg' uncle is a banker." "The very one," was the& eager re sponse.'. , . . ":. 1 \- Then perhaps you know my cousin Lilian?" "I ,am acquainted' with -her, but slightly," he said. " Isn't she beautiful ?" "A very beautiful girl, indeed. "So lovely, tha, whenever I hsee her,Icould fall down and worship her, if it wasi't forbidden," said Amy, flippantly. " am glad you know them.. I am Uncle Paul's favourite niece." "Does he still' live where he did last winter ?" . " Oh, yes-at Patland-place, though you would scarcely know -the house., it has been so altered. It was quite hand some before, but auntie fancied she wanted a nest of bay-windows for her birds and flowers; she thinks the con servatory is too damp for the birds, yotu see. Aunty is. not well this 'winter Uncle Paul thinks of travelling to the south of Frauce, or Italy, for le her health, and to' get some rest himself; Ho is de voted to business." - "' And your cousin is not yet married, then 7" . " Oh, no, indeed; it is very difficult for her to get married, though she 'has been engaged to Harry Dosaho, for, three years...Perhaps you know Harry too I" I .'"Oh, yes, I renmembbr him. Was he eot slight ?" " !.Be was, but, he has grown much ?touter; and don't you thihk, him ugly? Thatscar under his left oye deforms:him so Otherwise his features - are: good enough. . But,, then, he's such a noble fellow. Uncle Paul is very fond of him ; has made him cashier, and entrusts him with any amount of money. But. that's not my business." t - "e, Miss i ".Youh needn't fear to tell me,: Miss Pendleton. I am so very well ,ne quainted withe your uncle that I feel interested icn whateveryou; maynsay about him. Besides, I. have some money that I flhink I shall put in his hands."r. . "I don't know much about banking," laughed Amy,'" but I know, what, my unclle thinks of Harry. Why, .Harry. goes, to Paris to.morrow with fifty thou. sand pounds ,worth of, securities-so 1 hsard,,pap'a say.. It is something con feected with the Government things. , A strange electric light seemed to shoot ovei thue man's face as he listened to this disclosure.- For a second the ;nerves of his mouth twitched, then he seemed, by a violseet effort, to control himself, - and still to consenue lightly to the young and giddy girl,.his partner : . -- - ' Paris ? Ah, yes, I know many people there. lived there ouce"' he went on, and these detailed some, of the circum aesnces of his life. - \- Ho waas very fluent, and had the gift of making pictures with words.- • Amy still listened to him after the dance was over, lbewituhed by: his merry humour; end when he left her, leaving also the house, alL the interest in tho evening's pleasure was-over for her. - . . - " Well, and so your new flame has deserted you," said Louis, who-had been iiduitriouslyjdaucing, but not the less keeping an eye on his ficncce. - . - \- -He-has gone home,' 'eaid Amy, yawn. ig alightly behind her fau,. " He said he had some important business to attend to.. What a valuable partner he is 1 And you don't know how well he talked !" "Yes ! I've boon trying to find on who hee it. Nobody seems really to knoc -evoe our hostess herself. Eithorsome 0one introduced him, or he brought letter." S ann, jus, n asows unce ram, Sand s many of our friends." !"Possible," said Louis, drily. " Singular, then, he should be such a in stranger here. I honestly confess I did not like the fellow's face." "Didn't you think him handsome ?" d " Yes, in a way. Rather fine eyes, and t • gives his whole attention to his lady to friends, particularly if he has any object to gain. I rather fancy)he fellow is a !d. flirt.". ' "For shame, Louis I I had no idea ly yout could be so ungenerous." d " Well,never mind; don't let us quarrel e about it. We may never see the man again," said Louis, good-naturedly. h " For my part, I hope I shall," was the k response; "I likedhim very much. Most Smen listen to their partners as if it were a strain upon their courtesy, but he just Stalked as if he liked to-as if he thought n I was worth the trouble." " And so you are-there's no doubt on 'that head. Come, you promised this dance to me." t "Did I Oh. yes." ' And she rose languidly, and took her place in the set., Meantime, Mr. Edwin Gray had hur. ried into the 'dressing-room, selected a hat and:coat, left the house, and entered his own lodgings-a shabby genteel room on the second floor of a second rate house SnoarFitroy Square. Arrived there, he ' lst no time iu taking out writing imple. ments, and inditing what seemed to be a message on three or four. different slips of paper. These he looked over thoughtfully, said as he'took up one of them, "I. rather think this will do," and placed it in his vest pocket. It ran thus: " L; Dorsey, 57, Fitzroy-street. Heavy Icase. ' Goos by early train to-morrow. Bound for Paris. 'Brown eyes and hair, scar tinder left eye. Initials of. name, H. D. ; Bank, Pendleton, G.M. DAz." SAs soon' as he had placed the paper in his pocket, :he wient to a small black leather trunk,and took therefrom a heavy beard and moustache of a dull red colour, with a wig to suit to same. Then he drew on a plain blue body coat, on the inside of which, attached tothe lapel, was a brass plate with a number engraved in the centre. Adding to this his hat, and drawing on 'a pair of linen gloves of a dark colour, he left the house and went in the direction of the nearest telegraph office.' There he gave the message, displaying carelessly the :badge on his coat, paid for its transmission, and sauntered slowly out. "That's one of the force,' Joe," said the clerk, who had charge of the missive. '"Orie of what force?" was the answer. "Why, a detective. They're. after some scoundrel or other who is going to Paris with his ill-gotten goods. They'll catch him, too; sharp fellows, those de tectives." " I know pretty nearly all the detectives about here-it's not one of our men," said Joe. ' " That may be true-there are pplenty of them besides ours. It's my opinion ho's one of the. Metropolitan force. "I toll you they have to be plucky chaps.". ' Not so plucky, perhaps, as cunning,". responded Joo; "and it's curious what small things serve sometimes to excite their suspicion and load to the trail. My.. brother Ben has got a little brass' buttoni in his possession that proved the guilt of, one o the most heartless murderers that. ever was hung." S" Well, all Irknow is,'I shouldn't like to see one of these follows on my track, if I had been upto anything wrong." . SEarly on the following morning Edwin Gray left London, presenting yet another eiterior. His eyebrows and hair had been touched with some colouring ma terial, his costume was faultless, his. manner' reserved, almost haughty, his hands daintily gloved in kid. If on the previous night he' had been the free and easy gallant,' he was now the reserved, aristocratic traveller, bearing the fatigues and annoyances of his jo.lrney with well concealed disgust, and condescending to. be looked at and wondered over, while he was apparently oblivious to everything about him, even the boys who heaped the seat beside him with boxes, and papers, andd periodicals, of which he took not the slightest notice. SArriving at Brighton, he hailed a hack, arid was driven at once to the Grand Hotel, whore his fine appearance andre served manner caused him to be treated': like a lord. OIIAPTE II. , " My dear, 1 think you are rot just to Harry." S"But, mamma, I.really do feel like another person when ho is gone. I can't help it. It would be 'awful if,.after we are married, I should long to be rid of him as I do now sometimes." ' : "You should have thought'of that,'i child, before you engaged yourself to him." ." Well, he was so persistent. what could I do ;' Besides, having always known Harry, why, I felt more at my ease with him?; and, then, you and papa seemed to expect it of me-and, really,.I don't.fancy. inost of the men I'see-the young men, I'. mean : so, perhaps-" "You will never find another Harry, my dear : a more devoted fellow never lived." ;" Oh, I don't complain of that. I'm not sure but he is too devoted,, a id , Lilian,- with a comical little shrug. "I have only to beckon and he will follow; I have only to wish and he flies to execute. It is'very foolish, I suppose, but sometimes I imagine the--" i' ' " ;',Well?" said Mrs. Pendleton, filling ': up the pause. S"The kind of man I think" I could fall in love with-really and truly fall in"* love," she''added, laughing' gaily.' ' "It would be such a strange, delightful; en. nr, sation !" "Hush, my dear; r don't like; such talk. You don't 'know what you are' saying; you are 'fresh from your ro mancos, that portray unknown and un heard of sensations; and," besides, it would be folly of the meanest kind, when 'youirbridal clothes are already bespoke. If .you find' you do not love Harry Deano--" ' ; "Oh I but,'imammB, T do love him that is, after a certain fashion. That is, 'I don't seem to know how to' get along 'without him,'though thore'is such a re- " licf at first in his going away.' 'I don't kni'or how I do feel toward him, exactly," shle 'added, laughing.' "Sometimes, when I get on the good aide of his face--" " What in the world do you mean, my dear 1" interrupted her mother. S"Why, the side without the scar, to be euro,". " Well, now, do you know I call that his !beautiful side'l He received that wound in consequence of risking his own life to rave the life of another." S" Oh, I know, mamma, if one can keep that always in mind. Of course Harry is good, and all that; and of course, as . 'surely, I shall marry him. 'And as I was sayiog, on the good side of his face he is very fine looking, so 1 shall be sure al ways to get on that side." 3 And laughing gaily, she left the room to dress for dinner. t "A very fine young fellow called upon me' to- day, really and truly, I must say," iand Paul Pendleton carved' the roast I turkey with the air of a conuoisseur. He was a self.satisfied looking, rather handsome, portly gentleman of middle age, alittle bald, a little hard of hearing, a little vain of his business and official capacity, and using the words "really and truly, I must say," on all occasions, Swhether he praised the dinner, Lilian's toilet, or issued a caveat. "Pray,who is he, papa ?" asked Lilian, al.attention. --. . : "Stranger, my dear; brought a letter of introduction from Colonel Staveley; you know the colonel, my love.?" To ..iis.wife-'.I-invited him- to dinner to. Smorrow, did I do right ? He ,is stoppinig "at the' Gr'and. Has been seeing. your .cousin Amy, my dear; seems to have ben. "one?of them--really and truly, I may say i?? the bosom, of thetfamily, as it. were, and t•he gentlemanhelped himself to some brown sherry.. 'I wonder Amy hasn't written about \--him," said- beautiful Lilian ; "though, toibe sure, I haven't heard from her for an age...". "Perhaps he is her lover, my. dear," "isaid'her"iother, "'-"Amy"?is', quite old enough, I eh6ild think." , -"Yes, yes,' he "may' be,",'said the banke ?: "He seims a" fine, tialented youn? fellow, and Amy' is 'ai monstrous 'p'rittygirl, really and truly, I lmust say: "If it i?` eshe' has' captured one of the "swells, ';r iiobb'y'sort. I 'mean *no dis paragemont' to the- young' au ; re all find truly, I tmustsay, from the little I talked.with him, I faincy lie's a long head =.foi"'bdsi sns;o ine'of the sort who seem -t'd ksiiw 'dreverything. '"Oli,. by-the-way;'I got a telegram from Harry' "Why, papa !. said Lilian,' "he can't have'gone'to 'Pare.? . SOh, no ; bless my heart, no;, really end truily, I'must 'say, lha, From one of ;the stations-reported that he.and money w&e;'re safe, so' far. I sometimes wish . 'iad expressed it; but I don't know-. Harry seeuidd quite confident-carried it an a carpet-bag as if it were?; an ordihary, bundle of newspapers ; perhaps that. was the best way " Why,' papa, there's not the least ,danger, is there ?" asked Lilian, opening her blue eyes to their widest extent. "There's "always danger,, my lovem . really?and truly, you .niust know, I 'say-, always danger where, one carries a'large amolint of money, especially, wihen a good part?of it is in specie, but Harry thought 'his- way the beet, and so I let" him. :HsI" 'is alwiys bees a long-headed fello w, and' no one can possibly know a'nytlii'g about' tlhe matter. So, really aihd truly, I. can't say that I ;feel .under much appreohdenasion, thouighli its . a great respdosibility for him." ""Ad hit reminds me,',' said Lilian, au'ayddlly tuirning pale, ", of ,my dream before ever Hiarry thought of gouing away. I wvas 'terrible. " "'.Botlih fat'her and mother looked up, ,a little shocked by lier expression. i _ "I iust say, my? dear, really and trly,h' hai, that I hops you are not super-. atitious," said Mr. Pendleton. . . " 'Lilian shok? her Biad ; but. still' .thq aid 'of 'depressiion'"shd had :so .suddenily sis'umied, dremained. Th'e dream was noteworthy. She had awakened in the morning, trembling' and faint, and had felt"a'recirring shock to her erves? every time' theli? vision came to her memory. iNo?ir, hd'owever, it had drown fainter and fintair,'te' until the conversation., at the diinnertabli, when it camie back as vividly as at the first:' it appeared to her that her .father had given 'a great dinner party, to which ihe ha iinvited some foreign prince, at that time visiting the city. Decorators changed the' appearance ,of the house till it re edbbled anii enchanited palace. Every where resouinded musico; everywhere flashed`light' iand beauty.. In the midst of the revelling it seemed to her the strange prince expressed a wish for some pecaliar kind of fruit, indigenous to the coi?ntry, and' which tho' banker said he hiad in his 'collar, but feared to entruist a servant- tdo 'go for it. Lilian,, delighted with'th'e' prince; and glad to be of service to,him,,offered to go herself, and her father, putting a wax taper in her hand, sent' her, with these words : "My child, it 'vill be a heavy cross; nevertheless, go." '. As she went'dowii the cellar-stairs,'that portion of the buildinig seemed also to be lighted, but as she reached the bottom all the lights were gone out, 'and she, grop-. ingin half darkness, found herself search-' ing for'Harry, Her whole mind appeared tolbe engrossed with this object." . "I must find him, I muist .find him,". she kept'repeating over and' over to her self, conscious that he wais somowhere ini the cellar. Tlhe 'all at once a chill wind blew over her, and she found herself in a street-a sort of kiley, paved 'with heavy stones and there, lying in a heap, a dreadful wound in his temple, lay Harry Deane, apparently asleep. This dream had certainly made. her m'oreo tender toward Harry for a few days, bit 'the impressdion of horror., had gradu ally'worn olf,' and the vision was a thing of the past,.until the banker spoke as he did. "I wonder if it's the pirince he's going to bring here," mused Liliaun, as she eat in her. own room; '"and ,Jwonder if therb is.anything in dreams, after all. if anything should happen to poor Harry,. what should I do 1" N'diertlieless, else dressed herself with. more. than .usual 'care and taste for the dinner cim the 'following day, and re. coived' tise stranger' guest" with' a' good' deal of emnpressemcne. He on .his part acted the grand cavalier to perfectionand with his bewvildering 'yes, which he knew woll'how 'to sse, 'and in his si'anner, at onrce deferenhtial 'and refined, made con siderable way in Miss Lilian's good. "Papa, you looked worried," said Lilian, ihtercepting him on his way out,, some little time after dintier. "' What are you going away for ?" 'I i'm a little anxious; my love--ii fact, Ie vsot received) any message from Harry .. . ' . . "A' d is it'time l" "It was time some hours ago. He was to tolegraph me twice before his arrival in Paris. . I have received but one despatch; naturally I am disappointed." ' . f"You' don'tthink there's ahy trouble, do yout'.' ', '- ' - : ".I never allow myself to speculate, you. dear,-, was the reply; ."if'there is trouble, I shall know it soon enough." Lilianwent.back into theparlour under some, apprehension, but, the persuasive tongue-and gentle courtesy of' her guest 'soonadrove ,awayall thought of trouble, and. even? the 'ghost of. the •repellant dream,- .: ' , M?.,Edwin Gray was surely one of the moestfascinatingmen of his class, apt at invention, quick of insight-seizing upon a look, a,,glanee, with which to :make capital~-;'His manner toward Lilian ,flat tered :her;+ to her. mother he was all attention,'and quite won her heart by a akilful'turn in which he 'compared her favborably with a person in society,whose distiigutished air and powers of fascina. tion 'gave her, a powerful sway in the fashionable world. ".:y .lear, I don't like it-I don't like it at all; not a word from Harry-not a word;?. ~. telegraphed to several placess and then I came home. I was' absolutely too nervous to stayeand hear the result, and then I came home-reailly and truly. I can't' say-what I fear, but this suspense is terrible." , ,i'.you had only sent it by express, Mr.. Pendleton l " . " Ah, !f If the moon were made of green eheese, my dear, it would probahuly be melted into Welsh rarebits of a hot night.' O-atll nseful .repetitions; deliver me from the word if. I did suend the money by Harry-now all I havo to doise to'abide' by the coisequencos, whatever that may be ; it's very strange, though. I Where's Lilian ?" "In the drawing-rodii , my dear, with MIr. Gray.",,, .- , -? " ,.="?• "Iideeo&dl; ;Why should she:be there with Gray ? 'Oii, I forgot; he came to .dinner--a .-very{;fine, agreeable fellow, too." " "A splendid young man, my dear-one of the most polished and gentlemanly felllvrrit W1t 'aifever my lotto-mee•?' A perfect encyclopedia-and knows so many of our friends at Brighton. Only think ! he says [ make him think of Mrs. Opti mus de Laney, I.look so much like .her.' i Fiddlesticks !"', ejaculated the worthy banker'. " You look as much like her as I do; but wo'men will be vain to the enid of 'time, 'and men will flatter them, I' suppose < . , ; . -. "My'dear," said Mrs. Pendleton, in mild amazement, "you are cross.'" " Very well.; if you think so, perhaps I am. Pray let me enjoy my little cross, since it burdens nobody. else. 'Harkl! therejare the telegrams. Is it, really and truly, upon my word, very. vexatious; but then I ought to have received one from Paris two hours.ago." Therieretlwereethe despatches. From the.bank:. "We have not seen your messenger." From a friend : """'Waited atf tation till half hour after t'aiii'cam'e in. Nobody aniswerin~g"de' ioription' there."' Froim another friend: `: "".Stayed 'at home awaiting your 'young. mi ahi" l'Utr nobody camle. What does it mean?" "Suirely," groaned the banker, ' what does it mean'" . 'At" that momenit' souinded a clear5 sweet tenor from the parlour. It seemed to irritate the banker. " Hdw'can 'sie listen to that fellow, when,'foir all' we know, poor Harry may be weltering in his blood ?" he ?aid, almost, iingrily;'. SOh,`my .dear what a horrible pie ture!" oried Mrs': Pendleton, having irm niediate recoure"t'o her sinelling-salts. "Or else' he has absconded-which would be a greant deal worse." "Harry ?' That good, triue young man-never !" said Mrs. Peridleton, with energy. He loved our Lilian too well." SOdir Lilian seenis to take greait' com .fort in: thoecompany `ofsomnebody; else i responded Mr 'Pendloton: "But this matter is a serious: one. -I' mustatatend' to it-set the police 'to work -go 'on"my self, if necessary." But it' may be all for nothing ; at this very moment Harry may be com municating with you." "Btut, don't you see, accordinig to. des patches,; he anever arrived 'at Paris ?" "0Oh, I didn't think of that,' said his wife, beginning fir the first time to be seriousely alarmed. "'No; easy -enough to keep :on, or double on his track, and get off so as to fly the country ; and yet I couldn't be. lieve him capable of such treachery." "Meainwhile Lilian, all unconscious of the terrible imputation cast upon her betrothed, sat talking gaily to her new found friend, unconscious of the speeding hours.'i " He was so handsome, so well-informed; talked' equally well about, the last waltz or'" the last' sermon'; above all . things, played and sang }ith the accuracy of a master-anad Lilian was passionately foitnd of intihic--that the girl was under' a spell while his ' eyes' were upon, her, aiid con feased his power, while her conscience re proved her.:"? , .. She longed to know in what relation he stood to her cousin, and questioned him with an . assumption . of innocent curiosity which was quite transparent.. "Have you known my cousin long, Mr. Gray ?" she asked. ' "Notlong, if we reckon:by days and weeks,'Miss Pendleton," was his sauve reply; " but if by impressions and sim ilarity, of tastes, then our acquaintance has been well ripened." : - "Acquaintance !" thought Miss Lilian.' "' Oh, what, beautiful 'eyes he. has I ' If only Harry could sing and play ' He certainly would: not. say acquaintance merely, if he Here engaged to her." i a''Ahem I" said the banker, appearing, at the door, hat in hand.. ' "Papa, are you going out?" asked' Lilian. . "Yes; I-I have some'. bad, news, my: dear.' . .. ".,Bad news, papa ?" and:Lillian started from her seat, turning pale. "Oh,' what can it be?" .. " "Harry- he was not in the train, when: it reached Paris.',' . " Edwin Gray sat partly in the shadow as the words fell on his ear. He grasped more firmly the sheet of musie hlie held in his hands, his jaw fell for: a second, over all his face passed a quick terror-then a audden illumination. ' "Oh, papal you don't think, anything has happened to Harry, do you 7 1 ".ow can 1 tell?: He started for Paris -le didn't get there; that's all-really and truly,.I say-thiat's ,all, as far- as I. know." " "Can I be of any service, sir ?" asked Edwin Gray, also rising. "I do not know. what your trouble is, but if.I can do: any errand by bearing messages, please command me." "You are very good,", was the banker's reply ;- "no thank you; 'I shall be better iLf attend to business myself.' If, how over, you are walking down .town - ".Certainly, sir ; I was just thinking of going. I will bear your. company with pleasure.'.' And, with, a profound and, graceful. bow, the young man took his leave. i lian repaired at once ti her mother's room. "' "Tell me the worst at once," she said, Withi pile lips'; " wiat does 'papa think I" "He is very anxious, 'y dear;" "Nb,' 'no'-tsll mi all ; what his he saidato you' about Harry'? Tell isis the' ,xact'words,'for I-know by his mannerfia 'uspects something." .... 0"'Well, 'dear,' ho wondere very much vhyli=erry'was not in the'trdin!" "Oh manmma - he--don't--imagine -" Lilian faltered. "We hope it is all right my dear, both of' us, but you see there was so much' ikoney ; 'the temptation " ." Mamma, don't-Barry wouldn't' ever be tempted; I tell you, he wouild rather die" than do adishonest actionn she'aid, p~assiodistely;.'i " . . " So it seems to me, my dear.' "'Oh, 1 know it If "arry was nothing t'me, I would say the same thing.' Be' i's the soul of honour." . "Thin, iny deasr ..."'• "!" "Then what, that your face changes so?: Oh, mamma-you cant imagine lie has been robbed and mur-'- ': Her voice sank; she'could not bring herself. to say tla horrible word, but sank down, half fainting, on the nearest clair.: , Several days passed, and still there came no news.' The banker, in the 'meautime,' had hastened to Paris, keeping the matter out of the papers as far as he could. Now and then' Mr. Edwin 'Gray called,'and enlivened the afflieted family with his siuperb presence. It' was not best for him to.hlinger here, and 'of this' ftfct 'he was fully 'aware. But Lillan'si charnis had' proved too much for him; for the first t.ime iii his adironturous'life he was im prudent; for the first time he was 'not guilty-of dissinulation. " '2 ' . "'Whoni the godas would dostroy,'they first 'make 'mad," isean axiomn"that was proved 'in his case. Lilian's eyes de-' tained him. Shio, poor "girl, caught at 'the 'merest "' straw 'for .help$ His presence seeined to "strengthen her, to enable her to wait through the terrible suspense, though she was 'very thankful .to receive a telegram from h]r uncle in London, that he had heard news fiom her father, and wasn coming on; but sha must mention, the subject' to nouone,. ts he was the bearer of important intolli. gence. ' ' ' That iiight as Lilian sat in the parlour, listoning to the dulcet notes of Edwin i Gray, her unclo arrived, bringing with u hi~n stiange gentleman. Lilian met them i the hal. '"'TI MrAEdwin Gray here I" asked the ,new.comer, in a low voice, after aoffoo tionately.greeting his niece. - '.' "Yes; you can't think how kind he has been since -" "Officer, do your duty," said Mr. Pen dleton, nodding to his -companion; and Sbefore the astonished girl had time to Swonder at the words, there was a rush; a stifled cry, thie explosion of a pistol, and the whole- terrified ihousehold asseembled Swith the wildest cries and exclamations. s . Takinga step forward, the bewildered 1 girl saiwv a tableau that she never forgot. L Gray, standing in the middle of the floor, securely handcuffed,' with drooping head Sand a savage scowl ;the detectivem the act of picking up a pistol, still smoking, a whose ball had missed its aim. S"Oh, what does it all mean'?" cried I Lilian,. turninig to her uncle, who was I supporting the half-fainting form of .her Smother.-. ," It means .that this man is arrested for complidity in the' murder of Harry Deane !' "' Harry killed- Harry dead I' e claimed Lilian, and unconsciousness came im'ercifully to her aid; = SIt seemed that the traiti on which Harry Deaiie had takent passaae wvas, dub at night. Securely fastening his treasures about him, the young man had kep manfully awake till, within.. a feay houra of .the end of his :journey when, yielding to a" strange drowsinese, he gave way to eleep., There was only one in the carriage, , the rest of the passengers having left'at the 'other lstation.. ; / " "" r: Suddenly he wai? roused by someone pulling him by the shboulder. Here. 'I say meter,??, wake up,; we're 'All right; thankke. Quicker than' I thought.' i1ll just put my trapa to getlier and hereupon he sprang. upo to set about the work: The. train was flying along between Bouilogne.eand Paries,,and on this line it does go at a terrific .pace., :His com-' panion had obtairied a key to the-carriage door, and at Amiens: was delighted to: find himself alone with Harry.` He had' waited for this moment, ,'and' 'for some what despairing of getting suahan olippor tunity, had been cudgelling hie brains for other mians to perpetrate his robbery. To have those' bonds 'he was resolved. Should no' other opportuinity offer .he would follow him to hie hotel,' and trust' to the chapter of accideants to get'athim. Elowever. as' has. hbei said, they .were] alone in the carriage ,, . "Here we are,''. said theolow voice by his aide, .' you'd better put your things' together: "Thanks, very much ; I will,"and up he jumped to .carry .the (advice ' into operation. -The possessor of the low voice aforesaid, 'quietly unlocked the" door, anid while Harry's back was towards" himi, he gave hiim a 'sudden" and powerful, shove, 'seidinig the poor young fellow to his' last ac0count as cogly as he would ?' ho?k" .ai empty beer bottle out ,of ,'tho window. Bait just ad Harry. was falling he grasiped theide of the window-frameas his com panion seized'him ?y the throat to push him off, and:grasped.hold, in his despera tion, of ,. his' would-be" assassin's . hair, regularly pulling-him `out, of the; carriage with him. 'Down both went' hurled down a steep incline Harry to 'his last sleep, hisemurderer to a temporary life, with mangled limibs and theknowledge that death was surely awaiting hin;;. He' pulled himself aldng a few hundred yards, having first looked with frightened ap prehension around him for the corpse of Harry'.;: but he saw nothing,. and it was almost with a feeling of hope. he,desired to find he had not committed murder, as he knew his own days 'were numbered,. and his crime could . yield no behefit to him in this world. He lay for sometime, suffering ,the agonies of' the damned;'on that railway cutting, with the calm mooni apparently 'contemplating. ' him,.- telling him .'brightly And unceasingly' of his dreadful career of crime, of what a few hours must bring with them, while the shrill; moutrnful moaning of' the "electric. telegraph wires,' as their vibration'worked' up by tho wind,' seemed to add the? sounds of a warninig, accuisiig; yet wailing voice: He clung to Harry's bag, which, had fallqn wvitlh the poor boy ashfe fell. with.l his comanpanion to the ground, and even pulled it along ,'the ground with. hint. He felt that without assistance he must die there, for he uttered cries as'loud as his failing strength permitted, to 'attract' attention. ' He was successful in arresting .the at tention of "a detached engine which' was' slowly paossing, and was'sooi' lifted iito the tender; but 'being unable to make himself 'understood, lie, was "fiinally.' in: stalled in the Hospital for Engliihmedn, established anid well supported, in Paris. Here the physicia?l ?.who attendeid him eaw at a glance the fatal issue thelaccident. vouild have, 'and'frankly told his.patient the great secret-or;as the.French would say, the great peut- etre was at hand. The look of abject fright-andl.horror that ,im mediately stamped'the ruffian's -face was noticed by the doctor." ' - "Is it all 'up, doctor? No 'mistake'? Can't you do nothing? Look ye here," and he beg-id the doctor to bend his ear while hewhispered in broken, frightened accents, " I've lots o' money, I lavai ;'if. you can only getime ogut of thia here blessed- fix' I'll--'ll-give you suchi a" lot i you don't know how 'much, doctor I Now, don't.throw me over. You know I mcan what .I ay ; I do, s'help nie, doc tor... I meet live." ; ?!fMy good fellow, I can't mislead you.' You cannot last. If you have anything. to settle pray-don't loseetime."".. ; Here the man's face assumed ovin a more ghastly liae than hefore. He was dead silent for a few seconds. He seemed thei embodimeint' of fear, as 'all 'these ruffians are when in real danger. Finally, is if with a struggle, he exclaimed-- • ".Well, doctor, if. it, ain't' no u;eIit ain't, and I mnay as well own up,b if it's any good. : What then, done it all ?" , And he pointed with sonmething of horrqr to theocarpet bag. -He ultimately', uinder the skilful management, of 'the doctor, who saw:tluere ?was some dreadful' secret on the man's conseience, a or rather nerves," admitted,the parthe had played' in the late tragedy, of course pretending he didn't iitend to kill his fellow 'tra yeller, only to rob him ; and finally die 'olosed .the whole of. the plot' as manufac 'tured by himself and his accomplice, Mr. Edwiard 'Gray.' ' The doctor lost no time ln having. his testimony officially tiaken,ind some letters from Gray were in hisapockdt.'whichre-e moved'any'douibta' if such vwrei felt;' if Mr. Gray's complicity. " Before' the mornhig'a smi had -risen, the poor wretch was where, at ill'eventsa, "the wicked cease from troubling." Gray, with a hundred aoiacce, was tried at the Old Bailey. He was 'ably defended, and le got off with sentence of transportation for life. AsetoAmy Pendleton, she had learned' a lesaon she will never forget. Her .sUe .ceptibilityto the influence of a handsome face and winning manners cost.an inno cent man his life and her cousin. a hue band, and :they will, continue to. cost a great deal to the end of time. " Beauty is a natural religion;, the whole "world are its.disciples,' and they are ready to die for their belief. Saays the Volin:-" I'm.nothing without my. beau."' Tru'mpet ""My hope, "are blasted! '~ Harp,. ¶' Alas t I am unetrting." Banijo, " My master is niggcr-dly." Drum, "I admit I'm beaten." Guitar, "Plucked augain !" Violoncello, " My position is un kees-y. Harmonium, "How'a'youxhpoorfeet? I IInrdl,-gurdy, "One good turn deserves another." Bones, " Give us a shake of the 1 hand." Street organ, "Oh,you'll remember' a niel" Church organ, "Well, I'm blowed ?' I 