LOCAL NEWS.; On Sunday afternoon the children at tending the Presbyterian, Wesleyan, Congregational, Primitive Methodist, and Baptist Sunday Schools assembled in the Town Hall to the number of 800, and in cluding the teachers there would pro bably be over 400 adults present, so that the whole assemblage, comfortably seated in the hail, exceeded 1200. The Rev. J. I ICuipe, B.A., presided and, after the singing of Hebcrs' missionary hymn aud prayer, gave u short address, stating that the object of the meeting was to bring the Bible Society before the children, but a secondary object was gained by the demonstration in providing one of the pleasantest sights he had ever witnessed. The well-known hymn, 'Holy Bible, Book Divine' was then sung in capital style, Mr. R. J. Boyle conducting, aud as the sweet young voices swelled to the captivating melody, the effect was par ticularly good. Mr. T. S. Warry was listened to with perfect quiet, taking a scripture text which was amply illustrar ted with tellingaiiecdote. After another liymn, the Rev. F. Duesbury, in capital vein for the occasion, sustained the in terest with his own happy recital of re ligious incidents, and subsequently Mr. G. Stupart took up points in the life of President Garfield's boyhood, witli pic torial representations greatly assisting his deliverance. The behaviour of the children during a somewhat protracted I service was admirable. A collection was taken up in aid of the local Bible Society, aud at liall'-past four, the benediction I being pronounced, the interesting meet ing closed. The Antigua Divisional Board held tne usual mommy meeting on I'naay, all the members being preseutexcept Mr. Robert Cran, absent on leave. The usual routine having been gone through, the following letters, &c.; were attended to. Petition from Messrs. Adams, Austin, aud others, asking for road between An tigua road and Graham's Creek siding to be put into passable repair was not re ceived, being informal, as not being pre sented by a member of the Board. Mr. E. Robinson, lessee of the ferry, asked the Board to consider the present posi tion of his lease of the l'erry as connected with charges. The clerk was instructed to inform the lessee that he should take legal steps to assert his rights. Messrs. Ramsay asked the Board to take the rate off th» tramway at Mungarr. It was de cided that the Board could not entertain alterations in the rates, as Messrs. Ram say had had the opportunity to appeal last year, and had neglected to do so. Accounts to the amount of £65 4s. lid. were passed for payment. It was re solved that the road party within a fort night be shifted up to Scrubby Creek. The Western Railway Association will meet this afternoon at half-past four o'clock for the purpose of completing ar rangements for the deputation to visit Brisbane to interview Ministers aud pre sent the people's petition. Apropos of the object of the deputation, the leaders may take advantage of their presence in Brisbane to arrange with the Postmaster General for such an alteration in the pre sent bi-weekly mail service between Maryborough aud Gayndah as will pro vide for the coach going right through in one day. At present travellers by that route have to submit to a two whole days' journey, and a number of prolonged stop pages to eke out the time. For instance, 36 miles is allotted for oue of the two days, a distance which most men can walk. There is no reason why the coach should not start from either terminus at day light aud do the entire 86 miles before dark. It is simply a matter of several changes of horses. Private buggies with one pair of horses generally do 70 miles on this road in one day, aud instances are recorded of a pair going the whole 86 miles. The Burnett people earnestly desire the alteration, and we cannot see that anybody can object to it. According to previous notification the Customs authorities in Queensland are exercising most rigorously the system they intend to carry out to prevent the passing of adulterated tea into con sumption. No tea is allowed to pass from the original consignees' hands without having been analysed, and we hear that in Brisbane, where there has been ample evidence of attempts to force spurious teas on the market, no trouble is spared by tne Customs officers to prevent the adulterated article passing. These measures may perhaps have a great effect on the sale of China teas in this colony, and bring into still further favor the pure Indian article. There is one rule about teas which tbe public can always take as a guide, and that is that the cheaper they buy the nastier also. It is only a concocted tea which can be run at what are termed popular prices, and we advise those who cannot afiord to drink good tea as often as they would wish, to drink less of the cup that cheers but does not inebriate, rather than to buy cheap tea and keep up the quantity at the expense of the quality. Captain E. C. Thomas, who has been connected with Messrs. Howard Smith aud Co.'s line of steamships for a number of years, and in fulfilling his duties as commander, has proved himself an able seaman and a courteous officer, has left the Company's service, and consequently his command of the Edina. We cannot account for it, but from a steamship cap taincy to the command of au hotel seems to be a natural transition, and no one will be surprised that the genial Thomas has taken to this line of business, and that he will take charge of Simouds' Hotel in Queen-street, Brisbane, where, let us hope, he will profit by his change of life. The command of the Edina is given to Captain Hammer, who will be best re membered in Maryborough as the mate of the You Yaugs, aud who has been long considered one of the smartest officers in the Company's service. The ordinary meeting of the Widgee Board was held on Saturday, September Gth. Present : Messrs. j. Broadbent (chair), Davies, Tronson, Pollock, aud Rose. The mi nules of the previous meet ing wore read and confirmed. The usual inward and outward correspondence was read. An adjournment was then made for lunch. Afterwards, there being no quorum, tbe meeting lapsed. The Fi nauce Committee met, and the cash and bank books were placed on the table, showing a balance in the Q.N. Bank of £681 0s. 10d., distributed as follows : — Subdivision No. 1, Dr., £44 10s. Sd. ; Subdivision No. 2, Dr., £611 6s. Gd. ; Subdivision No. 3, Dr., £25 3s. Sd. Vouchers amounting to £415 Is. 6d. were approved and recommended for payment. We are glad to learn that Messrs. Parker aud Co., the contractors for cart ing ' waste life ' from the residences of the Maryborough public, have consider ably enlarged their plant, and that, armed with authority from the Mayor, they are about to make a swoop on those who will not make use of the services they offer. Parker and Co.'s men have been making a house to house visit round the suburbs, aud after handing a copy of the bye-law relative to tbe removal of night-soil, to each householder, have intimated tnat they will shortly make a call in full regalia. Let us liope that, mindful of last year's typhoid scourge, this good beginning will not, like a good, many other sx-lendid starts of our Council, end in .failure for the want of earnestness in the matter. j OaB'Bundabeirg correspondent writes : V EaBt -Buiid^berg has this time, if never tieforei had a;Belightful specimen of the amiability ofthe Mongolian. Two new chum Irishmen passing over Kennedy Bridge met three Chinkies, to whom they gave a 'good day ' in perfect good faith, but it seems the Chinamen, from some unexplained cause, took umbrage at the greeting, and being three to two showed fight, whilst other Celestials, viewing the combat. from afar, came rushing to the scene *of the row, yell ing like demons, on which the two Irishmen, thinking discretion the better part of valor, fled towards East Bunda berg followed by the crowd. Being new chums, and ignorant of the feet that scores of other Chinamen were within hail, the pursued twain continued their headlong flight in hopes of distancing their pursuers, and would have succeeded but that other Chinkies, aroused by the shouts of their fellow Celestials, put in an appearance at several points in ad vance thuscutting off their retreat. Then, although by this time completely winded, the two Irishmen faced about and began to defend themselves in what was really a struggle for life. One, a fine, tall, well built, young fellow knocked down three of his assailants, when he was suddenly felled to the eavth by a blow from a heavy stick across the neck, another blow catch ing him across the knuckles of the left hand, cutting them open, whilst a clod of hard earth hit him on the Bide of his mouth. Free to deal with the remaining Irishman, the Chinkies, now numbering over 40, were about to do his business, when at least an equal number of Euro peans unexpectedly put in an appearance and a row of some magnitude was about to begin when Mr. Johnbtone, our res pected P.M., drove up aud stopped the row, and sent for water for treatment ol the Irishman who was placed /tors dc combat, just in the nick of time too, for the blow on the neck had resulted in apoplectic symptoms, and but for such timely treatment the man would probably have given up whatever ghost he had left to surrender. Dr. Bidden was then sent for, and Mr. Johnstone had the mau lifted into his gig aud took him. to the nearest hotel. 'All's well that ends well.' If Mr. Johnstone had not come on the scene when he did, there would have been a veritable battle and lives lost.' Special interest is attached to tb« meeting of the Parliamentary Debatiag Class to-night, from the circumstances that the School of Aits building will be used for the first time, and that a new Ministry will submit their policy. We learn that the task of constructing an administration has been entrusted to Mr. A. S. Kennedy, and has been most suc cessful carried out. The new local cabinet is composed as follows Attor- ney- General and Premier, Mr. A. S. Ken nedy : Works, Mr. W. Mitchell ; Lands, Mr. J. E. Noakes ; Finance, Mr. G. Stu part ; Colonial Secretary, Mr. Airey. Of course a programme of coming legislation will be submitted this evening, including wc understand, final and satisfactory solutions of all the difficult questions, in clusive of black labor, local option, settle ment on the lands, defences, public health, &c.; The Opposition will proba bly muster in caucus meeting to appoint a leader, and a spirited evening's debate on the policy is expected. A meeting of the Grammar School Trustees was held last night at the school building, when Messrs. R. Hart (chair), C. F. Gataker, T. Braddock, H. J. Gray, H. Walker, and R. Jones were present. The contract of J. Sullivan for trenching 12 chains in the boys school ground was accepted. It was resolved to write to the Council and point out that Kent-street from Lennox-street to Ferry-street, was in total darknpaa at night, and strong comment on this state of things was made. The trustees authorised that 3 guineas be given to the Boys Cricket Club, to liquidate the debt. Accounts to the amount of £28 odd were passed.^ The trustees passed a formal resolution, expressing in complimentary terms their appreciation of Miss Darling's efforts in fittingly commemorating Foun dation Day by entertainments. This concluded the business, and the meeting closed. Mr. Stanley's juvenile opera com pany repeated Gilbert and Sullivan's attractive opera, 'Pirates of Penzance,' to a very good audience last evening. The performers having had a good rest since Saturday, played and sung with renewed vigor, the result being that the opera was never before better played in this town. Encores were frequent, and tbe charming young ladies of the com pany were in great favor. The orchestra had an accessiou of strength and having apparently overcome the want of practice together, aid their share of the music in such excellent style that no one could reasonably complain ; in fact, the effect of ^ the performance was considerably heightened by their playing. To-night that very entertaining- comic opera, ' H.M.S. Pinafore,' with which local playgoers are familiar, will be performed. ?m-jiooiw. UI UEHMUIT, UWEN, ffi -JO., the Victorian firm whose contract for the construction of the Kilkivan -railway was accepted a few days ago, are making a prompt commencement. Both the principals are now in towD completing preliminaries, aud will in a few days be prepared to engage several hundred laborers. A quantity of material is already on the road', and Mr. Owen proceeds at once to Sydney to purchase the requisite draft horses for tne work. The contractors are evidently gentlemen of practical ideas and thorough business habits, so their advent to the district,, even for a temporary season, will be appreciated. . . Mr. F. J. Charlton, -surveyor, com missioned by the Western Railway Asso ciation to make a flying survey of the various railway routes between Mary borough aud Gayndah, returned to town yesterday after travelling over the Kilkivan route. His report will probably be handed in to-day. The Immigration Agent- and Poly nesian Inspector's office at the corner of Lenuox and Alice streets is now con nected by wire with the Maiyborough Telephone Exchange, its number on the list being 20. This brings the Exchange up to a strength of nearly sixty sub scribers. The mails for Europe, by the Torres Straits steamer Cheybassa, will close later than previously announced, viz., 30 a.m. on Wednesday, and will be for warded for transhipment by the steamer Yaralla, which leaves that morning for. the north. At the Homebush fat stock Bales on 1st instant, 776 head of cattle were yardedL-jf which 443 were from Queens land. The market was firm; - The best lot of bullocks averaged £12 4s per head, others from £9 12s ; prime cows sold at - £13 lis 9d per head. 6000 sheep were ' penned. The market was 'veiy firm at last week's rates. The best lot of merino wethers sold at 17s 10 d to 18s per head- ; others from 13s. A mixed lot of wethers and ewes realised 16s to 18s 3d ; ctobs breds, at 22s Id to 22s 8d ; lambs, from 7s Id to 10s 9d. The following sales ,were ? -reported : — By Messrs. ? ; Wilkinson, Graves, and: Lavender. — Fat Cattle : -253 bullocks, for Mr. W. Harvey llolt/' per steamer Yeoman, to f£1416s, averaging - £10 10s fid. By Messn:- Pitt. Son, «na Badgery.— 220 buUooksiJi -andW. Chris- - tian), at ill 9s id. -? ' 