SKETCHE8 IN CORN WALL. -No. VI f. [By a Wayfamb.] The interest of the Cornish coast is by no means exhausted when the traveller has visited the Lizard, the Land's End, and Kynance Cove. On the long stretch of shore trending northwards from Cape Cornwalijto Bade are spots rivalling Kynance in beauty and scarcely less grand than the Lizard. To see what has to be seen, however, the shore man every now and again be left behind, and detours made inland ; bat those who wish todo so will be amply repaid for their trouble. Passing St. Ives and its pretty bay, spoken of in a previous article, the first point of attraction proceeding northward! is Piran Bay. This may be reached from Truro most conveniently ; bat to any one following the shore St. Agnes would be the place from which to visit it. The village of Piran Porth is a small cluster of houses lying amid huge towans^or »^«-iiiiHff which ran along all this part of the coast, forming what are known as Piran Sands. These are the result mainly of drift daring storms, and extend some times as mach as a mile inland from the sea, hence the old ^*'-^ of the village of Piran was Piran inZabuloe, or Piran in the Sand. The name is nowjeor. % rnpted into Perranzabuloe. She point of interest is the old church in . the sands— undoubtedly cne of the first Christian places of worship erected In Cornwall. St. Piran appears to have been an Irishman, and to have landed on these shoves in very early days. On these sands he built a small chapel and a hermitage, and these, though of late years bereft of some of. their interest, still stand. To find the chapel buried as it is amid pathless ««i«iiijHi ia % task of no little difficulty. In order to avoid a walk over the sand when we visited the spot we drove to a noose on the road about midway between St. Agnes and Orantoeka There oar driver left ns with the assurance that the chapel was close by, bat having by judicious previous questioning ascer« tained that he had never seen the place himself we thought it better to enquire ot ? man who stood at the door of the cottage near which we had stopped. 'Well, my son,' he replied to my enquiry, 'to the chapel yes, to St Pirie's— well, it may be two miles and it may be three : were mv lass in ?!» could show it to thee, but she is to St. Agnes; bat there, thee keep down to the say and then walk over the towans till thee contest to it,' This information was vague, and not encouraging, bat we set oar faces to the sea, proceeding along a road worn by carts passing up from the beach with sand. This became more sandy and indistinct as we proceeded. To add to our troubles a drifting shower of hail blew straight in par faces. The chapel might have been easy to find by any one acquainted with its where abouts, but for two mortal hoars we wandered up and down the sandhills, some of them at least 60 feet high, with the loose sand abave our ankles and slipping downwards at every step as we went tip, and «iMirn; Unpleasantly rapidly as ire went down, with the gusts pf wind and hail «very now ,'and again blowlok bitiBgly i4^W- teetih aSa still there were; no ugns ifiif^c rate, The fact is that it lies jso seqa%«lerea *behiad a hii^e to-ran^ ' and its Walk arevso low and' so much the color 6f ' the surrounding e-ad, that ' '' unless the traveller knows exastly where' it lies, lie may pass and repaas it without noticing It. At last, however, quite sud denly and unexpectedly, after a prolonged Blip upon some sandy gravel which brought me down flat on the back and ignominiously precipitated my companion into a shallow \- stream below on bii side, we found ourselves at the wall of the ruin. The roofs, both of chapel and hermitage, are gone ; in fact all that remains of the latter are the foundations and a wall showing wherea windo r? has been. The walls of the chapel are comparatively perfect; It is small certainly, not more than 20 feet in length, and appears to have been lighted by two windows — one on each side. The arched doorway with some quaint carving was - standing until a few years ago, when it was removed in pieces to Che museum of the Royal Corn wall Institute, in Truro, in order to prevent it from being destroyed by ruthless tourists. At the east end was the altar, but the large slab which formed its top is now thrown down. Some years ago the Rev. William TT-u»l»Tnj the well-known missioner, author of 'From Death onto Life,' who was then curate in charge of the parish, investigated the ruins and found the bones of a human body buried close to the altar, which he believed might be those of St. Piran himself. They were enclosed in a stone coffin and now lie in Truro, and will it is presumed be buried eventually within the walls of the new cathedral. Mr. Haslam also carved upon the altar-atone an inscription stating that it belonged to Che chapel of St. Piran in the Sands, thus securing it against other than authorised removal. At WO WeSb OI uie GIW£H» IS o wcu luiiucujr uovu, without doubt, for baptising, the descent being by a rough flight of steps. Such is this relic of the planting of the Christian faith, of its kind one of Che most deeply interesting in England, St. Piran's cell and chapel are not, however, the only sights of Che neighborhood. Re tracing one's steps from Che sandhills to the road, and continuing inland from it across a stretch of moorland, a curious circular em bankment comes into view. This includes an area of some three hundred and fifty feet, and is almost perfect. Formerly the embankment was divided into ridges or rather terraces, but theseare now obliterated. This is the famous 'Piran Round' and is but little altered from the day when centuries ago eager multitudes used to throng it to witness the representa tion of miracle plays, Chose ancient dramas of which Chat still performed at Ammergau is a survival. How long it is since any play was enacted in this turf theatre it is impos sible to say. All Chat we know is Chat in 1611 one William Jordan gave to Che world a sacred drama in the Cornish language, which was Chen printed for the first time from tradition. This some years later was rendered into English by John Keygwyn, and an edition of it was published a3 late as the year 1827, in English and Cornish. It is a rhyming history of the Creation and Che Flood, Adam and Eve, Satan, Michael, Noah, Lantech, and the other patriarchs being introduced. The author begins by describing Che fall of Che angels, and makes Lucifer declare himself 'to be a great pallet.' This presumably intimates that he is 'cock of the walk.' Judging by the stage directions Che play must have been decidedly peculiar ; and the language anything but re fined. The old Jewish tradition of Che vfai* of Seth to Paradise at Che command of Adam is introduced, and among Che eights he beholds there is Che Virgin seated on Che Tree Of Life. Amid, however, much that is not only puerile, but to our ideas shocking and indecent, some of the sentiment is truly noble, and expressed in language impressive from its very simplicity. Leaving this ancient temple of Che drama behind us we must make our way once more to Che coast, and select as Che spot from which to view it, the high downs overlooking Watergate Bay, about four miles from Che rapidly-increasing watering-place of N]ew Quay, and three from the ancient village of St. Oolumb. Standing on this vantage ground, hard by the old entrenched camp, which rightly or wrongly legend has associated with Che name of Dynas, one of Arthur's knights, and which some writers now maintain to have been Che site on which stood the twin castle to Tintagel, a most splendid scene bursts upon the sight. At isolated spots on the southern shore Che cliffs may be more lofty, but nowhere else in England can be seen such a stretch of cliff and sea as is to be found here, A moat glorious spectacle truly, whether he sees it while each headland gleams softly through the warm haze of an autumn day, and Che deep pure, placid, water lies stretch ing out before him like some vast pavement Of lapis lazuli, or while the rain beats in fierce gusto around Che cliffs, and Che roar of Che sea as Che white waves dash headlong against the huge walls Chat stay their course, drowns every other sound except the shrill cry of the seabirds Chat fly like white-sheeted ghosts athwart Che leaden sky. The stoutest heart quails at such a spectacle when the north-easter comes roaring across the ocean, bringing with it Che cold damp mist that shrouds Che headlands like a pall, and serves bat to render [more terrible the sight of Che cruel foam dashing high in air, which is revealed every now and again as the mist shifts and gathers again with the eddying of the wind. On such a day who would not feel faint at Che thought of some doomed ship driven on such a coast, and silently pray for God's help to all Chose who travel .by sea? Away to Che right as one stands on Che breezy downs of St. Columb Bay lies the far-famed Bedruthen Steps, where standing out from the sand are strange quaint pinnacles of rocks, that one especially known as Queen Bess which bears a faint resemblance to a lady wearing a high ruff seated in a lofty chair Farther off is Che headland by Padstow, and yet further in lonely grandeur rises Che rocky summit on which stand Che ruins of famed Tintagel— ?? Dark Dnnaagu by the Cornish Sea.' Southward is Che pretty little town of New Quay, with its duster of houses sheltered in Its romantic bay. There, too, rise the grim cliffs of SC Agnes'a Head, and like a cloud in the horizon is Cape Cornwall, only visible to those blessed with long sight, but distinct enough to them on a clear day. Truly a grand expanse of coast such as may have met the gaze in Pros pen's enchanted isle with fantastic rocks and deep indented bays with gleaming golden sand, and the magnificent expanse of azure sea. A scene when viewed in all the added glories of sunshine, with the faint lulling mnrnrar of Che waves borne upwards in the still summer air seems more like some bright fancy of a dream than anything existent. Who could help but thinking as they gaze upon it of Che lines— ' Bach with a beacon-star upon bis bead. And with a wild sea-light about his feet. We saw them— headland after headland flame Wat on Into the rich heart of the west. But fair as is the scene we must not linger by castle Terrabyl, but press on keeping the sea and Che cliffs in view, each new turn re veating some new beauty on our way to the legendary spot of Arthur's birth and Arthur's death, On our way we may, if we will, paw through the small mean town of Camelford, as deserted and dreary- looking as all Cornish towns, where no mining or manufactures exist, usually are. At Tretown, hard by, tradition Lsays Arthur andMordred met in fatal fight, and— An day long the nob* ol battle rolled Amongthe mountain*, by the winter-sea, UnUIKmg Arthor-a Table, man by man. Had faU'nln Lyonness about their lord/ A bridge over the river Camel still bears the name of Slaughter Bridge. Coming towards the coast again, we reach the little town of Bosoastle, around whose quaint old parish .church centres the [legend of Che Boseas.Ue bells. It appears that in bygone times Che inhabitants of BoscasUe were jealous because Hie church at Tintagel had a fine peal of bells, whereas Choir's had none. They there forepetiUoned the family of De Bottreaux, to whom the town belonged, to provide them ' with bells. The request was acceded to, and the bells were cast in London and dis patched by ship to Boscastle, On a bright summer day the ship drew near the haven and the pilot, a God-fearing man, re minded the captain that before he landed Che bells thanks should be paid to God for the prosperous voyage. But Che captain swore roundly that the stout ship and a favor ing breeze, and not God's grace were to be thanked for their safety. On a sudden, says Che story, the ship was shrouded in darkness, a terrific gale arose, and despite every effort the ship was driven against a reef and sank, none but the God-fearing pilot being saved out of all Che company. To this day it is said when a storm drives in from the Atlantic, above Che roar of the waves can be heard the deep muffled tones of the sunken bells of ? Boscastle. Such the tale. I was solemnly assured by a respectable inhabitant that tho bells might be heard on any rough night Well, one particularly rough night I passed Bosoastle, and walked carefully, listening for the ghostly peal, but my usual fate at tended me, the bells were inaudible. They had, of course, been heard the week before, but Chen I was not there to listen. ? A short four miles further brings us to the dark frowning headland on which stand th rains, grand and massive still in their deca dence of TintageL The site is in itself re markable for Che bold promontory on which the present ruins stand, is separated from Che main line of the coast by a precipitous chasm. There can be no doubt that Che castle build ings once covered the hill side as well as Che opposite promontory, and traces of steps are yet visible cut in Che rock, and remains of a bridge which .at one time crossed Che chasm. It is impossible absolutely to fix the date of any portion of the ruins of the famous castle except Chose of the chapel dedicated to St. JulioC, and enough of these remain to show Chat Che style was Transition Norman, which would fix the date at about Che middle of the twefth century. There seems, how ever, without historical doubt to have been a fortress of strength here at Che date of Che Norman Conquest, and in Che thirteenth century, by which time it was half palace half castle, David, Prince of Wales, was feasted within its walls in right royal style. But however much Che stern logic of facts may be against the idea, the time-worn walls will always be associated in the popular mind with the mythic hero Arthur. Every Cornish lad and lass knows Tintagel by the name of ^»'g Arthur's Castle, and King . Arthur's Castle it will be called so long as one stone stands on another. Perhaps it is well that it should be so. The old romance teaches lessons Chat this work-a-day practical age may well remember. It tells of noble women of pure and stainless lives, of high Bouled chivalrous men ever ready to dare anything for the right, but ever defenders of Che weak and Che oppressed. These were legends that Milton loved, Puritan though he was, that Chaucer and the great master Shakespeare himself drew inspiration from. It is difficult to describe Che-bsoluto loneli ness and dreariness of the spot now. No sound breaks Che silence that reigns in Che ruined banquetting halls, where now Che turf grows Chick and soft, except Che deep sough of the sea as it frets below, and the sigh of the wind amid Che broken walls of what was once 'many towered uameiot ' What a commentary this on human greatness Gone are Chose who once held high revel here, some not even leaving as much as a remembered name behind ; crumbled into duBtareChe lordly towers and grand halls, but the great grey cliff still rears its head high above the wave, and the un resting sea still moans and sighs amid the caverns as it did centuries ago. Our journey is nearly ended, but before we part let us Corn back again to St Columb and wend our way to the pretty valley of Lan hearne. Here, embowered amid trees and surrounded with high walls, whichalmost hide it from the road, stands Che ancient Eliza beChlan manor house, once Che abode of Che great Arundels. The direct line of this old Cornish family failed in 1700, and the house passed to another branch, Che Lords Arundel of Wardour. By them some ninety years later the building, with the ground surround ing it, was given to a community of Carme lite nuns of Che strictest profession of St. Teresa, who, driven from Antwerp by the revolution, had sought refuge in England. Hare they have remained ever since. So strict is their seclusion Chat not even the priest who resides within a part of Che dwelling ever sees their faces even in death. A closely closed door separates his rooms from the passage leading to the convent. An iron grating separates them from him hi their tiny chapel, to which a few neighboring Catholics are admitted to mass on Sunday. The thick crape veil which effectually hides the countenance of each nafw ia Anlv rained anfficientlv to anntiln thn priest to administer Che holy communion. Even in death the hut confession is made from behind its folds. No medical man ever Intrudes within Che convent walls. The Bisters are their own physicians, nay, their own gravediggers, for when one of the community dies, her fellow-sisters dig her grave in a sequestered corner of Che convent garden, and there at dead of night her body is borne to its last resting place, also by her sisters. One can conceive what a solemn scene it must be. Those silent nuns, spectral in their white garb and long dark veils, around the tomb, and the low voice of the priest as he says Che hut offices for Che dead over one whose face he has never seen, whose voice he has never heard, except in low whispers, and whose name in Che world is known only to Che superior who received her vows. Their chaplain leads a life of seclusion, almost as strict as their own. Without permission of the superior no stranger may be received in his room ; none may share Che hospitality of his small abode, isolated from the convent by Chose massive doors of which the abbess alone has Che key. It is true he goes and comes like the lay sisters who keep up all communi cation with Che outer world ; but bis duties are so frequent Chat but a few hours in the day are at his own disposal. Despite the rigidity of their rule and their seclusion from the world, Che wealth of the nuns— and they have abundance— is freely given among the poor be they of what faith they may. No beggar ever knocks at their gate who does not receive a dole of bread and the wherewithal to buy a night's lodging. A pale sad-eyed priest at our visit received us at Che door of his house, and we spenC a pleasant hour in convene with him. He told us much of his life. He was in bad health and unfit for hard parish duty, hence his work at Lanherne suited him welL He showed us Che chapel treasures in Che way of vest ments and richly jewelled vessels for Che sacred mysteries, and truly magnificent they were. As before taking leave we knelt at his side, and prayed in the little bare convent chapel, we could not help thinking with a deep wonder and admiration of the life of those, Che faint rustle of whose ^garments, as they entered Che hidden choir, just caught our ears. It was not for as to probe the motives that induced Chese high-born ladies, for such they are, to leave Che world as many have done, in Che heyday of their youth, and thenceforward within those silent walls to pass a hie of prayer and penance, not on account of their own sins, out for those of the world at huge. I could but pray that their zeal and devotion might be blessed. From SC Columb, making our way towards London, a pause may be worth while at Victoria Station. This alarming name, it may be remarked, is applied to a shed, the nearest house to which is about a mile and a half away, but which is the nearest point on the railway to the Roche Bock. It may be safely said Chat this mass of upheaved telepathic strata is unique in England. It is situated hi the middle of a long, narrow, valley, and rises abruptly from the plain. Strictly speaking there is more Chan one rock, the central mass more than one hundred feet hi height, being surrounded by several fanfauinn mnnnlitti* nf Iphha'p si* a Wu If. Mm sea, now some eight miles away, that once lashed against this ragged beacon, making it a second St. Michael's Mount, or was it some sudden earthquake that reared it here to remain as the wonder of all ages. None, not even Che most skilled geologists, can telL Conjectures many there are, bat the secret of Che Roche Book no savant has yet fathomed. Tradition of course is rife with respect to them, and has it Chat they owe their origin to a contest between Che giant Tregeagle and his constant foe the Devil. For.ages they teem to have been a centre of religious worship. At the base is a rock basin, similar to those elsewhere connected with idolatrous worship hi Cornwall, and on the summit are the remains of a strongly wrought stone building— half chapel, half dwelling— dedicated to St Michael, land which in Roman Catholic days was no doubt the abode of some pious eremitical brethren. From the Btyle of the arches Che date of Che building may be fixed aC some time in the eleventh century. The origin of the name has probably to do rather with the old saint, hi whose honor stands a fair church hi Paris, St. Boche. whose name indeed is still attached to the neighboring well, than as some have supposed with Che French ' Bflcher.' Here we most leave the reader, Crusting that the rambling journey we have made] together from Rome Head to Tintagel has neither proved unprofitable nor weari some. 