fHMsceUaneous. Grandmother Gray. BT MEG. M. L. R/t-TNE. I THINK Tommy Gray .fully'- appreciated the fact that bis broad was buttered on both sides for when he got into a street riot with Charlie Wilson, who threatened to tell Tommy's ather and get him ah "all-fired lickin'," Master Tommy just ran off saying: "Dasen'tl I've got a grandmother tew home." . - Tommy's. grandmother was the kind of a woman who is all fire and flame in youth and all ashes-of-rose in old age. She had been a beauty once, but there was nothing to show for it but " tbe tender graoo of a day that wae dead." Wrinkles had taken the plaae of dimples, her eyes had burned themselves ont, her oheeks were shrivelled, and as for teeth she had only two in her head. " But, thank the Lord, they are opposite t'each other," said Grandmother Gray. She had a lap for the children, too—moat grandmothers don't have any lap—and she sung them to sleep every night.. Tommy had made her promise in an unguarded moment that she would rock him to.eleep until he was 21\. She seemed in a fair way to do it, but she reposed his overgrown feet and limbs on a chair and fondled the curly head till he had just" awakeness" left, after his grand matin vespers, to enable him to steer straight to bed. The songs she sung were very funny ones, or very sorrowful. They.were either of the " tirooral-to-loo" order, or like " Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound." What Tommy liked most was the Scotch ministrelsy. He never tired of Over the water and over the lea, And over the water to Charley. Ob, Charley loves good ale and wine And Charley loves good brandy, And Charley loves to kiss the girls As sweet as sugar candy." Tommy thought there was an educational difference, between him and Charley, but he made no comment for fear of being deprived of the music. On Sundays she sang: " I'm wearin' awa, Jean, Like snaw wreath in thaw, Jean, I'm wearin' awa To the land o' the leal." " An' what is 1 the leal,' grandmother ? " Tommy would ask. And the aged woman would fix her sad, tired, patient eyes on the blue beyond and make answer in her low, quavering voice: " It's aye to be trae, ma boy, true to your king, true to your God, and ower true to youreel'." The old lady had some quaint ways. One of these was always to attend the grandest church in the parish, where a celebrated divine preached in the modern vernacular of amended theology. " Why do you go to hear so difficult a preacher?""someone asked the old lady. " Do you understand him ? " " Na," she answered, " I dinna hear a word that he says." " Then what pleasure can you'get out of his sermons." " Child 1" answered the old lady reverently, " can't I see the holy wag of his head?" " Is there a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, grandmother ? " that graceless Tommy would ask. " Aye, child." "And does anybody find it ? " " Aye, many. And they go far first. It's vfinMl find what lini hid s.tihp She could tell time by the flowers and the sun. She had seen a ghost. She could find Job's oofiin in the sky. She had a charm for bruises and cuts. It was like entertaining^m angel unawares to have this dear old lady witii them, for, under her little superstitions, lay a grand soul. One day she counted her years and said— " I'm getting old." " Nonsense, mother," tbey laughed at her. You are only a girl of 80." " I remember when I was 18, and had roses on my cheeks," she said. " I wonder when they will ever be there again." One night tbe children went into her room to be rooked. She sat in the twilight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away, first kissing them all around. She kissed Tommy twioe; he looked like his grandfather whose likeness she had worn in a breastpin for forty years. " I'm expectin' company," ehe said to them. "Gang your ways, and God's bleBsing go with ye." It was Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream and ran into grandmother's room for comfort. She still sat in the window. At least her figure was there, but Grandmother Gray had gone away with her company. 