TUHF T0PIC3 AND ANTICIPATIONS. B AsuoDEaa. Tho popular heath at Oaulficld will onco more .ho tho goaoral resort this aftarnoon, and Mr. ,N. It. D. Bond, tho secrolary, has provided a very appropriate programmo for tho occasion. If .favorod with fmo woathor thoro Clin bo no doubt that tho meeting will add to tho numerous successes achieved by tho Victoria Amateur Turf Clnb. Operations will be inaugurated by tho Handicap Hurdle Race, for which a good .hold may be oxpocted at tho post, and tho handi cap is so well put together by Mr, Barnard that .thoro is considerable difficulty 'in tho way of picking tho probahlo winner. I liko iterri and Footman 'at 10 st. each, and Zangn,. 9 st. ,131b. In fact I prefer tho latter to any of tho oLhers if ho is in his old form;. and, choosing to go tho usual lono hand, my tip shall ho \- ZANGA: .. Tho Cold for tho Victoria Gold Cop is likely to bo' of small proportions; ondl will at -onco ont matters short, by plumping for . '. ' , BLACK JACKET. ;. Thoro will ho th'o custpinary formidable array o£ candidates for the Ladies'' Bracelet, and from tho 33 who hare accepted I shall select Tho Ghost; Pailleroo, Middlemarcli)..Umborto, Countryman; Frocious Siono anil Tumult to fnrnish thc winner, my casting voto being in.favor of COUNTRYMAN..- i ' v- i , who is very leniently handicapped atjl. st.:7 lb.; Something morei than' 'an. average! held of jhmpers iaay be expected at tho;post'for tho Open Stecplochnao, the fight , for which I, expect to sco left botwecn Katunga, and. Stampede,, one of which ought to win; , : 'KATONGA .' v-77 ' for choice: .. . v , i The aftornoon's proceedings will terminate with the Richmond Handicap, to win which I shall narao STATIONER, and givo Norfolk and Boolkai for placos. Tho Victoria Trotting Club has issaod a liberal programmo for discussion at Elstornwick Fork on Saturday, 5th July.' Tho initial ovont is tho Maiden Trot, of 25sovs., for colonial brod horses which havo nevor won an advertised price, railo heats, two ia throe. This is the only trotting item containod in tho bill of fare. Tho events to bo decided on tho lint nro tho Midwinter Handi cap, of 50 sovs., 5 furlongs ; Selling Race, of CO iSOVK', half a mile ; and Elstornwick Park Handi cap, of 75 soy?., one mile and a furlong. Thou thcro is a Hurdio Raco, of 50 sovs., ono mile and a half.in addition to which a novelty is introduced by tlio Maiden Hunters' Hurdle Race, limited to horses which havo novor been placed in an open stceplecbaso or hordlo race, wolter weights, or 2 ah over woight for age. Horses which havo started in any open stoeplecbaso or hnrdlo race to carry 10 lb, oxtru ; amatour ridors, to bo approved of by tho stoworda. Tho distanco is two miles- and a furlong, and the object . of competition iB a pioco of plato valno 60 gninoas, presented by Mr. H. H, Skieiror, tho club's caterer. Tho programmo is framed in a manner calculated to onsnro liborai patronogo from ownors of horses, and it is to bo hoped that Mr. T. Ilaydon, tho oacrotary, will rccoivo a bumper entry on Monday, tho 30th insh Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. ' I had sorious misgivings on receiving Routcr'a cablegram last Friday as to tho result of tho Ascot Gold Cup, whon I saw Simon, tho otooplc- cbasor, roturucd as tho winner ; hut as the owner's name, tho ago and podigroc wero all re turned correal, my doubts wero entiraly set nt rest. Sinco then I havo been enabled to mako furtbor researches, and I find that Simon was novor entered, but' that tho Duko of Portsmouth's three-year- old colt St. Simon (Galopin— -St. Angola), who had Btorted fivo times last soason, and won every ovent, had been cnterod for; tho- Gold Cup at Ascot. This was donbtloss tho hone who won tho raco, and tho steeplechaser. Simon has to bo relegated onco more to that obscurity ho is ovidently so calcu lated to adorn. RominisccnccB of Hacknoss winning tho Cambridgeshire Stakes in 1882, cbn- vinccd'mo that it would not havo heon tho first occasion in which a failure 'over the sticks has mado; a- name for itself on tho flat, as in The Leader ol tho.23rd December of that year onr .English contributor, "Hndibras," writing of tho Cambridgeshire, remarked : "Let mo say a word or two about tho lack'y.. quadruped (Hackness). hefore' treating -of the 'luckybipods. ; She was! purehasod.i.by .Fccki as .a two-year-old, after winning asoliing raco at Nowmarket, and sinco then has only, run 'threo times— (twico that same year, and novor as a.three-yoar-old,' Qualifying as a hunter sho wiis unplaced in tho Hnntors Stakos nt Sundown this spring; beaten out of sight by brutes, that would ' require to start tho night -before to' win an important ovent! What a record .fir'a Cambridgeshire winner j" Tho Ant\\-betting and Totalisator Acts appear to he' exorcising a pernicious inflnenco on racing in South Australia, and at . tho present timo tho portentous clouds whioh darken tho turf horizon, 'nro anything but favorahlo. towards tho. future prosperity of tho national psstimo.in the sister . colony. . It-is to be hopod, ' howovor, that ' tho prevailing uncertainty is only of temporary dur ation, nndthattho silver lining will again eventually, appear.'. On Saturday last, at tho in vitation of Messrs. Biackler and Forry, a moeting wns hold to discuss a project fortheconstruction of tho Adelaido. Racing Club' upon new lines, lint financial difficulties cropped up, the present pro- ;moters,reauirihg' £7000 "for ' their lease of the park lands, which' sum thoro was no desire to guaranteo, and tho meeting closod withont any thing definite being done. Tho South Australian Jockey Club is said,- on .the other hand, to havo received a definite offer; for the Morphettvillo cotirso, tho same being mado on behalf of a syn dicate of land speculators, who pnrposo cutting up the ground into building allotments. Tho .Derby colts, Buckingham and King's Own made thoir roappearanoo at flandwick last week, and are, reported as looking much ' improved by their spell. ! At the Mndgee Tattcrsall's racos, which wero hUd on the 11th and 12th inst., Wing (a full brother to Sting), ran second to Blenheim for tho Mndgee Tattersall's Handicap, a mile and a half, tho son of Grandmastor and Queen Beo giving tho winner a atone, bnt being beaten by a dozen lengths through being interfered with by tho only other starter, Zingora, who foil. Zingara, who ran in Mr. J. Loo, jun.'s, nomination, started with the odds of 4 to 1 on her. Mr. R. Rouse's six-year-old gelding Coun cillor was in rare form at Mudgoo last week, as ho annexed the Opening Handicap, a milo and a . half ; tho Shorts Handicap, throe quarters of a mite ; and tho Gudgcgong Handicap, a mile and a quarter. Councillor, who is by Hawthornden from Musidora, was ridden by M'Grndo in tho first two events, and by Nicholson in the last. . " . ' , ' .- . , A horse named Siar (by Bedawee) was tho laughingstock of the paddbek previous to the Mudgco Ladies' Bracelet, bnt when it came .to tho end of the race, his owner, 'Br. Swnnston, who was in tlio saddle, settled tho pretensions of bis six-opponents with- tho 'greatest caso, amid . a tumult of applanse. Mr. V. Bowling's Blonhoim, wh'o'won tho Mnd gee TaUersnU'alt. C!" Handicap on tho first day of ttiQ lata meeting, has d bit of quality about him,- as he is a throe-year-old by Yattondon from' Camilla, , by Yolverton— Camilla, by Cap-a- pie— Violet, l>y Gratis— Camilla, by Bay Carnat ion from Betty, by Hector. Ho was trained by James Monaghau. < Tho'Mclbaarne hounds met at Onkhill, Pros- ton, last Saturday, and though the master, had not, sufficiently recovered from the fall ho cxpo- ribnoed some tbreo: weeks ago. to put in (map- poaranco, a largo attenddnco. joinedih an cxcdl- Ient...ran of , ahodt a dozen miles over trying country, tho stag being'eventnally retaken. At a recent meeting of, tho Ballbrat Hunt Club, I notico that. the huntaman,. J.8cobie,i wne mounted on a vory, vory;old -identity indeed— 41b less than tho chbstnnt pony, gelding Canary. ';. The mime, called up so many-old associations— not tho least ploasing.of which was .having witnessed him pop over tho bar at .6; feet 1(J incHos . in Kirk's Bazaar, somowhqto 'about tho year 1870— that' I determined to hunt.him.np.and see how long the veteran had been in harness, tho result of my labors being as follows lit the year 1305, in the month of Octobor, I found Mr..Rowell's chestnut gdldlng Canary, aged, 10 st. 71b., running in a handicap steeplechase at Northcoto, where, ride den by Bishop; ha did not succeed- in getting a place, In December of the same year ho ran in a steeplechase at Bendigo, but came down at tho stana wail ; and nt Broadmoadows, in March tho following year, . he won tho Handicap Steoplo- chaso, but having gono insido a ting wns dis tanced, On the 21st of April, 1890, ho mado amends for this misclmncb by winning thoEssondou Steo- plcchaso, three milos, making all tho rnnning and winning with tho greatest oaso,'; Four milos, with 9 Bt. 7 lb. up, proved too much for him in tho Royal Birthdny Handicap Stoeplecbaso at Northcoto (tho second raco on tho card) 011 tho 19th May, but .as ho had only 9 st, 1 lb. in tho Selling Stcepieohaso, threo miles, which concluded tho day's sport, Chifncy had no difficulty in landing him first past tho post ; and on . being snbmittod to auction ho was sold for £35, jrr. R. Elliot securing him from his previous owner, Sam Waldock, who sub- soquontly. re-purchased him. Wo next find tho gallant chcstuut figuring in Adelaido at the Spring Meeting in Docombor, whore with 11 st. 4 lb. onhisbaok, I10, in company with Bruuotto (9st. 2 lb,) and Booyooleo (8 st. 12 lb.) was en gaged in tho Stooploohaso of fonr milos. Of this race wo read that "not one of tho horses could got round tho course, tho water jump proving an offootnai stopper,- Tho jump was 13 foot wide, with a wall in tho middlo -1J foot high. Booyooleo managed to got nstrido tho wall, but rollod hack "into tho ditch, bothhorso and rider luckily being unhurt. After repeated attempts the threo horses failed in thoir endeavors, and tho raco coaia- quontly foil through," Although ho had' only 3 st. 7 lb. up, ho was nowhore in the Grand Na- tional Stcoplechaso, about threo miles, at the Y.R.O, meeting on Now Year's da;-, 1868, tho winner being Western- (by Mariner), aged, 9 st. 10 lb. (Ohifuey), in 6 rait,. 35 seo. ; Roindcer, 9 st. 10 lb,, being second, and Babbler, 11 sf, 5 lb., third ; tho' othor starlors being Banker, 12 st. 8 lb., Bondo, 10 st. 7 lb., Wando, 10 st. 71b;', Pondoh, 9 st. 1 lb., Woodman, 8 st.'lOlbJ, -Black Bess) 9 -st. 1 lb.,1 Tom Cat, 10 st. 41b., Firotail, 9 it: 8 lb.) and Aolive,'8 st.12 lb.1 'The last named fell 'apposite ' tho abattoirs, bothhorso audrider (A., Hill,; who ' was to . havo. .ridden: .CannTy), . being; . killed. -f Chifney ., again .did! the trick with tho pony at Bendigo in February, bnt a c'ouplo of ' months,, later had to play second fiddlo. to Alico ,afc Hoidolborg, Dalrymplo being more snccessful with him tho following week at Preston. Four, miles again fotind .-rbim ont at Ballarat, in May Dalrymplo get ting Brewer homo1 in front of him, In 1868 .ho. won, theVMastor's ..Cup, at tho. Flcmington Hnnt Stcoploehases ;! and the following year,' ran second for tho Selling Stcoplechaso. Ho only started twico in 1870,- and tho "nearest ho got to winning was when Billy Endorson brought him in. third for tho Grand National Stoeplechoss, which was won by Roindoer 12 b6., Dutchman 11 st.,12 lb., boing second. 1 Ho won threo races out of fivo in 1871 ; two oat of three in 1872 ; ran onco unplaced in each . reason of 1873, 1874" and 1875) took a rest in 1870, ran. two thirds in 1877,. and started onco in 1878, bnt failed to got a sit nation, 1'huB it will he seon that in fourteen yeara after hp was an aged horeo ho contested 81 races, of which he won ton ; besides which ho has been- a constant follower to hounds; and now, after a farther six years' interval, ho is regaled with some more post and rail work. Truly, 'a wonderfni pony, , and whon— oh whon— will ho reach the length of his tether? Signs havo not been wanting to indicate tho growing popularity of the Winter Stcoplechaso fixture at Flemington, and whatever progress has been mado in tho past the splendid ontTie3 re corded on Monday tcstfios in a striking degree to tho great importance of the impending rdunton, Tho result must be regarded as a well deserved fillip to the jumping business in gonorni, and , with so many debutants to como forward as thoso whoso names appear in the official shcot now be fore mo a strong revival of interest may confi dently be expoctod to tako placo in the sevoral important contests to bo decided on tho. metro politan course noxt month. Tho manifesto wilt bo pernsedwith considerable cariosity. It is a singu lar coincidence that tho hlaiden Hnrdlo Raco and Maidon Steeplechase ahonld havo each closed with 26 candidates. In tho first named competi tion ore includod tho names of several porformers who havo gainod distinction on the flat, notably Bassanio, Star, Sheet Anchor, Stafford, Tho Ameer and Paganini. Lord W. Bcfcaford'o name will ho heartily weicomod as tho nominator of Bassanio, which horse was purchased for the popular Indian sportsman by Mr. B. Weoks. Tho ever dangerous Dowiing ' Forest ' division will "be represented by Lady Toazlo and Insolvont, the first named of which is. already Bpokon of as a genuine red. in pieklo. With such a lino array of talont the Maidon Hordlo Raco is likely to attract a mach larger field than came to Ike post: last year. The Maiden Steeplechase promises to be an equally interesting exhibition, alboit there are a number of animals therein on- gaged whoso credentials are nt present nnrevoalod, Tho best known candidates are Hope, who com peted in the same raoo lost year, Adsum and Stampede. In- glancing down the list "of nomin ations for the Grand National Hnrdle Raco-, anr- , prise will' bo expressed ' at; tho 'appearance of Malna's namo; and provided tho Adelaido Cop champion is. to. be; dofinilcly relegated to the jumping business it is somewhat strango that. tho Maidon Hnrdlo'Raco has not been soloctedfor his d&At; in preference to a contest in which he will be called upon to' try conclnsionB with all the most accomplished" jumpors of tho day. Besides Mains, .Mr. J.'O. Itiglis has three other represent tatives ia Bronda, ' Sundowner and . Stafford, tho lattor's performances' at Warrnamhoot s tamp ing him as a, race bores of no moati ' order. Among othor novices at the jumping game are tho Tosmanian horses Shoot Anchor and:'Wcst Coast, .who also possess creditable records, on the flat,, and ought to provo dangerous opponents provided thoy havo hoepmo au /ai't in negotiate ing the 'small: sticks. The top sawyers , are admirably represented in Ringwood, Don . Quixote, Yatoly, Ontario, Tho Jokor, Basilisk and The Agent, whilo l'lamborongb, the crack hardio raco perforator of New Sonth Wales, is likowiso included. Thirty-flvo horses, including sneh a variety of talont as that represented in the list, must be considered highly satisfactory ; neither is thero any cans ) for complaint with respoot to tho nominations' rocoivcd for. the Grand National Stecplochas;, numbering 29 in all, and including a host of cross country celohritio3 in Blackthorn, Great Western, Lizette, Chippenham, Gonoral Jackson, Austra lian Court, Katunga, Bryan O'Lynn, Fieklo and tho South Australian crock, Chester. Amongst the 21 nominations for tho Soiling Hnrdlo Raco, tho most striking names are Irraleo, Morri, Prospect, Dundreary, Sundowner, West Coast, Tho' Ameer, Musidora and Eqnity, some of which are likely to provo thom- sclvoi worthy of hotter things than plating honors. In tho only flat raco of. tho day tho quality of tho intending compotitors is also woll maintainod, nmong tho 40 entries' boing tho Adelaido "double ovontors," Malua and Iron master, togolhor with woll known performers liko Bassanio, Precious Stone, Hnrricano, Duenna, St. Lawronco, Victress, Gny Fuux, Don Quixolo, Ringwool, Lcshia, Boolka, Plansiblo and Cro3wick. Taken, altogether tho prospocts of tho approaching winter stooploohaso carnival at Flemington ore of a vory reassuring character, and it only remains for Mr. E. T. Barnard to issno a satisfactory declaration on the last day of tho present month to furthor promote public enthusiasm in connection with tho approaching meeting. It may ho taken for granted that tho appear- anco.af Mr. A. Taylor's namo in tho list of nomi nations for tho 7.R.C. Wintor Stcoplechaso moot ing is significant of tho gratifying fact that ho hns reconsidered his previously expressed deter mination of retiring from tho turf. Not only has ho nominated Gonoral Jackson, Musidora and Kestrel, but there iB further aridcnco of his of tho Marquis of Watorford, who is a candidata for tha Maiden1 Stcoplechaso,' and1 a very likoly candidate too, as Mr. Taylor never— hardly ever — loaves homo with a daffer.1-; . . After a week's postponement, the Steoploohosd 'Meeting of tho ' Bendigo Jooky Clnb took' pined on tho Epsom courso on Wednesday. There was only n moderato gathering, the metropolitan at. tendance, tboagh muoh below tho average, boing a poworfal.'nuxiliary. Mr. Edward Hanlan wad amongst tho. visitors,- Tho Hnrdlo Rncd, -with which proceedings; opened; brought out eight of tho nino colored.; on tho card, and Batty's mount had the call in- = the- hotting,' 2 to T being readily accepted about hiB chance, Tho winner was at 4 to 1, however, for Yarreo passed the post; threo-quartore of ai length in .advaneo of Ned Kelly. - .Nothing wonld go down rwith speculators for the Tolograph- Stakes., but Egorton; and Kilby managed to . get . so much to windward of .Mr., R. S, . Wakloy,; . who officiated with the starter's' flag, that . hi' . never left the issno. .in doubt. His smart! noss C03t him £2, and tho riders of Doubtf ni Jack . and. Cupidon were. each; fined £1 for disobeying tho. starter's orders. .Lorol monoy was. the best offer, against Chippenham for. , the .Steeplechase, .and the son of Alarm added .another winning bracket ,to his escutcheon,', albeit1 had' not Maid of the Mist ran oiit to such an extent ap proaching tho straight the might, havo tronbloil tho. victor.' Tlio- 'race was. remarkable; foi the Bkilfnl jockcyship of Oasoy, on Deceiver, who rodo in a maBterly manner. With t a littlo more schooling this roan should; provo, a properly awkward customer at the game;,./THo Ladles' Bracelet was tho event on the programmo, and Lady Clarke'b.nomimttion was all the rage, Cupidon being , tho only othor contestant sup ported, iu tho. betting. The heavy going proved .too much for tho groy, and, Mrs.. D, Robertson rocoivod tho handsome braeelet, which wo3 presontod by Sir W. J, Qlarkie, and shitabiy responded to by Mr. J. D. Robertson, Honors wero pretty equally divided ' in public' fiver be tween Nod Nolly and Zariga' for the 'Soiling Hurdio Race, but llie outlaw was not-to'ibo denied ; and on being submitted to anotion after his victory -was brought in for his owner ijy Mr. Wooks for £70, the Indian ; biiyer afterwards advancing another £20,.. ..and securing a decided bargain. .Tho Time Handicap Trot, which wound up the day, was ;a,. soft thing for Conntess, as her handicap enablod hcr to pull through in, a vory hollow mannerj , Mr. Weeka buying her after tho ovent for £S0. . On Tuesday Mr. R. IC. Maitland was. a passen ger to India by tho mail steamer! Carthage, taking with him. Masquoraiio, winner \>f the groat Metropolitan. Stakes of 1882, and Steers, man, a colt recently purchased from Mr. Ej do Mestro. Both horses are likely to mako thoir mark on the Indian turf. Mr. Maitland pur- chased Mosquerade after ho rode him to vietory" at Slalmsbnry, . giving Mr. Weeks in. cxehango Cupidon arid £100. / , Mr. M.'JSsHardiman informs me thathe-has sold Qambler for. 200 guinoas. Tho. ex-hnrdio ; racer, is to go to tha stud, . . As bo is by Patriarch from Tho Doe, by Panic from Flying Doe,, by.Tho Premier from Wilhclmina, by Romo) from. Mobs : Roso, by Rous's Emigrant, whilst Patriarch; was by Yattendon, from Days . of Old, he should prove an: acquisition to tho Wimmora .'district, ; where ho will for the future bo located; , It ;is worthy of noto that the day Gambler dofoiited - Rod Rover nt Flemington 400 guineas Yviis rt- fused for him. - Tho- well known stoeplecbaso bbrso ' Ilory O'Moro,' who was victorious at tho crminenosmont, ; of the 'season in important events both at Caul Scld "anil Flemington; was -once more brought uiulot tho hammer at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday; but as there was no offor highor than 38 sore.; the ohest- nnt was returned to. his box withoht changing bands;,. A clever .jam per named Fairy rQuccn . wiis also passed in at 18, sovs. The Sebastian races, announced .-'to tako- placo last Wednesday, havo .been . postponed until', the '25th inst; ; this step being considered adrjsablo in consequence of tlio altoralioh. iti date which oconrrod1 in connection with tho late' Genillgo' Jockey Club races. : Thero wasaropresontativo gatheringof tarfitea ' and others at tho grounds of the Melbonrnolun Clnb on: Monday" last to witnoss 'the malcb at ' pigconB for 50 sovs! a sido botween Mr; F. MRvoy.. and Mr, R. Sutton, a mombor of tbo ring. 'Mr. M'Evoy. hacked himself to kill' 38 ont of '50'tiirda (SOywrda rise) supplied by Mr-'-Shlton; iih'd ha snccessfnllyaccomplishod tlio font;1 bringing down - 38 out of 441 - Mr/'A1.' R.-Tngtis unsncocssfully nttomptod a 1 similar feat' a- few weekragoj'.-hut, nothing danntod, ho is - going to havo another try. on Monday next, namely, v to kill 88, out? of 69 birds at 30 yarda. rise for..60 sore, a t aide. , Mr,' Sutton will again find, the stake .in support of the .bv ,.-!v On tho authority of . a, NowZoaland periodical, there is somo prospeot of Derrett making, a) trip to Australia, during tho winter, months,, having received a liberal o'ffor to do a bit of riding, fori h : loading Now South- Waloa stable. . .'t A few wook3 ago I drew attentibn" to thb fCI- lowing question tabled by Sir Goo. Chotwyn'd at a meeting of tho Jockey Clnb1: — "To ask tho stewards whether thoy are aware that it is oponly stated that a conspiracy exists botweoh 'ccr'taiB jockeys and so-called professional - backers of horses to arrange tho result of races for thoir owii benefit, anil if thoy bnvo beard of such statc- mcuts, and boliovo it possible sneh a plot oxisfs') what stops thoy proposo taking to doal with th'4' matter at onco." Tlio subject wa3 again brought,1 forward at a racont meeting of tho Jockoy Club',' when Lord March, iu replying to tho question', remarked that rumoia of tlio charaotor ailndod to" by Sir Goo. Chotwynd had roaohod tho cars 0$;' tho Btowards, yet no direct' accusation bf tho sorti,' had over been mado to thom. Lord March ox- prossod his opinion that tho oxisting powers of, tho Jockey Chib wero snfiioiont to doal with any! such staco of affairs when direct ovidenco thorooS was laid boforo thom, an oxplnnation which Sic' Geo. Chotwynd expressed himself satisfied with. , The English authorities are still prosecnting n, stringont crusado against hotting. Tho latest vie-, tiin is a Birmingham bookmakor nomad Chris-" tophor Hicka, who was fined tho heavy penaltyi aeEagacaiggag. I 'iwlknldng-v'viiPlo vhtf Wtod:. JUm|he,yniJ of Waowp hones.., -t,,., ... ,i ThoMmfirl filly, AmoliaYiotoria (Ta)k o' tho HUl— PrlncosS of Prnesla), "who upset such h nico Ittlo'pot oH Horo'fLack'.ih.lhoSolling Rqcoat' he JbootciikhorB' meeting 'last January, hnsgouo ilnto.MrR.iM'iEonna'aBlablos.. r : ; i; Belative to a paragraph1 of mine a fortnight ago j ft IhbFqrraoisita Jockey Club, 1 am' inform oJ, ihah.at the adjourned, mooting of memhera. th:ra, ' j%aa.a. largo .attandanoo,: and it waa docidod to. Jjlaoo tho'funda in hand in tho bank at intercot 5or a' farther ponod of six months. It was also- decided to ontor Into negotiations, with a, view of facing. on. ithoinew course, Elizabeth Form,- as pearly oa-' possible..' ' " J, hiuddo,: who wiil bo remembered as .baring . Wisitod Victoria the year beforo last -with -Mr. Bawll-and : aat year with Mr. 0. Ii. Macdonald, baa Bovorod.h is connection with tho latter gontlo-' Wffjiand wilf for the f otnro carrynn training on jbis-'own account Ifunro has at the present timo !the steeplechaser Shamrock in preparation for his 'engagements, and as he baa the roputation of ihoing A steady, painotaking yonng man he will doubtless snccood in hia now departure. < 'hiyrd rocoivod a card .containing a record of bho'ptthlic porformancea of tho racehorso Sweet .William .'since his first' appcararico as a tiireo- poaribid on.lho turf. From, this I glean that ho has startod 35 (ImeB, out of which ho ha3 been prat ortjOno occasion only— viz., asalhrcefyoir-oid u tho' Brnnswiok Slakes of a mile and a quarter, n tHo Y.B.C. Autumn Mooting of 1882,' In this race he carried 7 sU 3 lb., and with tho assistance nf Hales ho '.'won easily by a couploof longths,. PoUio jC st. 12 lb.) threo parta of a . length . boforij 8tftr of tho West (7 st. 6 lb,),'Itcsnlt fourth, Zambosi'fiflb, Bar One sixth, and Rapper Tandy 'next' with- King Lud. Time, 2 min. 10J sec." JTbeiinotation is not taken from tho card, bat is n part of The Leader description of' the race, iao r.then 1 ho ' has started 29 times, the nearest ho ever got being second en six occasions, iniriKon 'a similar number, and 17 tlmos un- pla'd.'l . . "Now,1 1 consider thish, very bad record; 'indoed — as well as a most costly one for bis owtfcr, and the only explanation I can offer for. baitdicappors pdrsiatently overrating Sweet Wil. li&mis; the : fact that— rightly or wrongly— he has reofiyed. the credit, after his oxccllcnt .perform-, »nce-. ini tho Brunswick Stakes, of not always playing for keeps. . . . ;! Tho'llallafat division mado no mistako at Bandhufxt on Wednesday, when' thoy pilot thoir pieces on the double, Egorton and Chippenham, andjo mako assurance doubly Bare, Kilby, after b ybratious delay; managed to secure the hdvahf . Ugdju wauled.' Of course ho was fined aoouplo of pounds; but then, as Hans Brcitmann would say— ".What is dat ? Dat is nodins.". Last Tiiesay a match took'plac at Randwick f or filOp botwccn Mr. Levy's Maid of Australia (ridden by'D; Nicholson), and Mr. Roberts's Tim (pUood, bi'M'Qrath.j ; The distance was three, quarters of ainilo, and Nicholson, riding patiently till Witliih tbo diatance, snatched a victory by. a beadj jh l min. 22sec; Mr;-" J.; P.. Robinson, . tho s'&Srctary; of the Qeoiong Racing Club, has forwarded the entries for-Abc G. It.. 0. Sires' Produce Stakes of 1886, and'tbeFosl Stakes of 1887. .For the former 50 baye.Leeu nominated, and for the latter 117— a return-ill the case of tho Produce .'Stakes' totally incommensurate with the value of tho prizc;,to which 1(10 oovs. was added by the club, and 400 rovfc"ly tbbnominatore of sires, I draw attention last week to the fact that the Wyndhara Racing Club fixture for tho 2nd August' would clash with that oHhe Gccloag Racing Club, which bad been already announced for (hit date. It is stated that tho W. R. C. have bronght forward thoir mcoting to the 2Gth July, but as yot no official intimation oi each being tho case lias reached me. . Iu another column will bo found the nomina- lions for the Australian Derby Stakes, to be rnn for at tho forthcoming sprjng mcoting of tho Australian Jockey Club. ThiB year it will be loliccd tho udded money amonnts'to 500 oovs. AtKirk's DazaaronThursday, Messrs. Campbell, Prattand Co. sold afivo-year-old brown homo by Boatman, a'CTod jumper, to Mr. Creswiek,. for JO guineas. Doris, a , brown more, by Teiror (by rauic) from a mare by Mariner, was passed at ffi guineas, the reserve being 100. Tho hurdloracer Prospect, wbp, .had been ad- vcrtiscd to bo disposod of- by auction by Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. yesterday, was withdrawn Irom.aale.:!-'; . .' Hailatorm- has-been purchased from Mr. W. Htyl fbr thesnm ot'7Q, guineas. ; Mr;' Gard, tho pnfghMqr/.wiir not tak'o doiivpry , of him unli) aftirv.tho;/cirand- iNatioaai mooting.- Ho will thpnootorth figuro in the hunting field. 