ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [By TIE GHOST.] lThe poet tlls us that "Spring would be blut sorry weather if we had nothing' else but spring." Unalloyed bliss is apt to breed satiety, and the dull monotony of a dead calm is- known to all who have ex perienced its long drawn out weariness. And just atlpresent the sometimes troubled sea of politics is unruffled by even the faintest zephyr.. The Houses will not. meet for,it.leiistAix months, and even then will be somewhat in the plight of the "poor man from Manchesster, vho has nb'work to do." The. business of the country is now left entirely'to the l'anagement. of: teli per manent heads of the various departments, Ministers.dropping into their offices for"an hou r r to duringtlie week to sign docu ments rci?iring their autograph, and hold iing an Executive and Cabinet Council occas ionally, just to let tilh publie know that "Hel{r Majesty's Government" is not a myth, and perhaps to reconcile it to their conscience--if indeed politicians' have any. -that they are not' obtaining their salaries under false pretences. There are, as a matter of couise, a lot of people! whlo think and say thadt it would perhaps be as well if Ministers would dbvote a por 'tlion of the time, which' for lack-of employ-' ment must hang heavily on their hands, to thoroughly preparing the measures it is intended' to submit to'Parliament"during the next siession, instead of flinging them! in a state of unpreparedness at the heads of honourable members, as?'is the present' custom with governments. And there are: discontented gruimblers who. aver .thlt =lie present is a favourable opportunity .for! letting, the country know the "saubstitute ": for abolished tolls,whlich one of the present Ministers, boasted le could provide in' twenty-four, hours; but which, strangely enough, in the. face of this assertion has, after an interval of nearly twice twenty-. four months, n6t yet been provided. But these growlers are on a.par with those who' cry.out for.a Mining..on Private Property Bill,',vheiewith to . enliven the staple in dustry of the colony, now in a some what drooping condition ; and being, in a- minority, composed of the " outs,."': and those who ,follow the flag of the Opposition, are, in the eyes of Mr. Serviceand his colleagues, of:compara tively small account. -. And then, did not the Premier on assuming office distinctly announee that lie intended carefully. to ,avoid., touching.' "burning" questions? Controversial discussions are. "not in his line,'"'and the Coalition Ministry have' evidently adopted the motto of "peace at' any price." This actuating motive is. plainly appar ent in- the selection of the gentlemen who are to .fill the positions of Commissioners under the Civil Service and Railways Man agement Bills. At lengtli the choice of the Government has been made.: And if there is not much to say. agaist the appoint-' ments, there is quite as little to say in` their favour. They all belong in a greater orless degreeo--withs the sole exception''of Mr. Ford-to' the old school of officials. They ,have become.. fossilized: in :the service, and are of . the genus and, family;, of the" Tito Barnacle... The feeling of the public on the names Qf the selected .becoming known- was' one of: disappointment. .The.e hope was. generally entertained thast i-o.e new blood "I: ibhild; have been infused into the effetd system of. piesedt officialdom; and that hope' las been dispelled. Figs do not grow on.thorns one' whit mcore .now than in 'the olden'days ; acnd that any inmprovemient on a system in perpetuating which the majority of the Commissioners have grown'grey will.follow' their :appointmenti is more than im probable . Mr. Kerfordis' well and:has resumed the duties of his office, thlus'disappointing a' number of aspirants for political fame, and a host of attorneys-general expectant. The lionouriablo gentleman has once nol.e shown' liow true'is the iav?ei urnt of both his friends and his enemies that one never can tell which side lie is about' to take iintil after, the event:' On the occasion of his recent' illness it' wai sulpposed Mi. KeI'ferd in-' tended crossing the Styx and joining "thec gireat majority." Faithful to his repu-; tation, lie, did' not do what was expected.! Death has, however, claiined: a victim in Jardine Smith, wlio'for years has "looked' down" upon Parliament, from his vantage' ground'in the reporters' gallery' of; the Council and Assembly. Among his private friends lie was known as 'ia right good. foellow," and by piressmien generally as a: prolific and versatile 'writer. Somie of the; most brilliant contribditions to Peach are' his, and lie can also lay claim to some of: the most ponderous "leaders" in the chief Melbourne morning journal. ' In the pride of his manhood lie has been taken from our midst: To his articles the present coalition Government owes its existence, and if, as alleged, " he killed Berryism " lie most assuredly has shown himself a true friend to'Mr. Berry, whose faults hl has palliated, and whose good points he has brought pro mi:inently out. Regret for his untimely decease will extend far beyond the limited circle of newspaper writers to wlhom hlie wds best known. Of Jardine Smitli it ?ay with truth be said, "He did the State good service ju lis day."' :"Victoria- has' been visited by one of thI plagues jof Egypt-neoitheri Baron de Lesseps nor El Maddi, lot me hasten to pay, but, a real invasion of locusts 'or grass-. hoppois. Sobnuimerous'was the armjy of the invaders that, if the engine-driver of the Colac train is not drawing an exceedingly; long bow, thly actually caused the locomo tiveo to, come to a standstill! Tere are persons wlho express themsolves as i'n credulou.s of the driver's story, and at tribute the stoppagoe to neglect in oiling, the machinery, or lack of 'steam, or tihe occurrence of one of thse. multitudinous accidents to d:which engines are heir'Others again give imnplicit belief to the yarn. If there wits, tlheysay, a swairfi of locusts in' the days of Moses sq great is vistually to constitute a plaguq, wlhy, they ask, shquld' nottthe inflictionbe repeatedin our own da.y ?' The event only serves, they aver, to. con firm the truth of tlhe Biblical narrative., But at all events the locusts are not sent is for the same reason that they were let loose oii the Egyptians. 'Tlhere is not any very universal desire iii the comuidnity to subbmit to all sorts of discomforts! in oider to 'retainc "the. chosen pdople" iin 'our midst. And thlis is especially 4tljq Ces jq stfiow uylequtheslb'nceso t the t`nopaymenht sys tonm in vogue in regard to nIany of thlie nost disreputable haunts of the ,h',olboyqi,'o jiteoessoe dior are iengaging attentions, anid thli Heblrew fraterinity are prominently beforo' the 'public as the guides, 'philoso plheis, band friends of.the frail fair ones'of the' Victorian chclital.' The glimipse behinlid tlie sciies of the manner in, which .tlie wages of shame are pocketed by "respect 'able" ,furnitu'rb dealing firms shows to \vulit eiigtlis somie people .will go in pui-' asuit of money. '"Tlio police have interfered gard ' us'. g'uiaediuns of Vlis peace,'iwe must bb.eontont' iundo?e the present reqisf,' toalloW "Botter lets than cever" to be' -' Aboit a yoer go tiwo.offiaers of tise Naval l:isserve - -Cijptain Fullnrtoi and iLieites ahnt Dfiinis- ~iimirrelled hliout soni trivial iitialfort'sis. Since thbiin the!i isptants hdd iigrded'to buiry the hiechebt, mnd bocomd friends.? The authlorities.would flit, lioor over, allow such iic utter'disregard of red taps as would.l have ljidin show'i by :th withdlaiwal of the. pomplaint, 'aid 'nqi'stqd ihk~tltb r' ?d :thb 'bttoer i end; had a the' ailtair investigated by a courtnitrtial. Arid as? if to cap this senseles'pr6odeeding fd pile, tl?se Pelion of' rididule' on tie Osit of. folly, nomiiated :three civiliains, iessrs."Hanl, .:L.C.; Bal]four, I.sL. C 5 voery' good: judges, of tliovaldo of pioe paisty, Calcutta ted,'. oc' Patne res, but 'arei ialttl: out of" lace as arbiters "ii' ,questions, of mitary "itmnettfo and dril , 'We are it is true, At the aitipodes, but surely no one everl raid of so topsy-turvy a, proceoding,as apploiit ing civilians as cioeiibors of an court martial, Ivlhet tIsoe are colezes of oflsfisl is'i tji e ' thrde honoirable gentlonien ppiroe?irito tle boietiityof tli manonuvre bof closing thile rakh with the mei 'at the "present?" Essen tially a trio of "meu.of peace," theyought notato be called upon to,decide in .squabbles between!" men of war." ..Perhaps there is to be someinutual or co-oporative system in augurated under the auspices of " Colonel " Sargdod, by, which the civilian and the sol dier. are. to be merged in one and complete reciprocity established.. If so we may soon expect to see Colonel Disney; Mfajor Felloweso, d.?l the rest of the.,,imported niilitary men employed. as 'rbiti'ators betwseen the Custoins aud tlhe soft goods importersi, 0or. as valners and average staters. It is ' 'wonder the `ib surdity of the position did not long since strike the three' estimalble gentlemen who iireinvestigating the Fullarton--Disuey row • ".. There is no change to report in the bill: of fare at the five. -Telljdirne theatres, for: the Lyceum may' now be added to the: list. The best patronised houses are the Operr' and the pretty'little Bijou, the at tendance at the Royal and the Princess being decidedly on the wane. "Tonjour's" pantomime is apt to pall on the taste;and four weeks of- slchk stale jokes and inane" platitudes as those in "Aladdin"'at the Royal are surely enoughlfor any conmuirnity iot composed, as Carlyle has it the world is, of "mostly fools." The sooner some thing better is placed on the-boards the greater will be the benefit conferred on the play-goingpublic. 