[?] €RI€EET. Cricket Gossip. Bt Obksok. Xsot even ihe most ardent admirer of cricket will gainsay that the club contests among the seniors are *'. flat, stale and unprofitable.' Admitting that the Carlton and Uni versity are among the strongest of our clubs, and acknow ledging that many of our best cricketers are members of these organisations , does not the same bill of fare, Univer sity v. Carltoo, pall somewhat upon the appetite? In passing, I may say that these clubs have by some lucky (?) circumstance secured the ground for nearly all the available Saturdays throughout the reason, so the public palate promises to become further nauseated by the uninteresting meetings of these two first elevens. As tn other things so in cricket, there! is charm attaching to noveltv : and if thn authorities^ the Association Cricket Ground' wish to make their arena attractive, they must ' knock on the head' this almost monthly meeting of the two same clubs. It is owing to the want of originality in the minds of our cricket inters that cricket on the Association ground is of co dull and uninteresting a character. There were five times as many, spectators at the junior contests on the Agricultural faociety's ground as there were at the senior match. If there were the same accommoda tion for the public where the juniors are players as there is on the Afsociation Cricket Ground, the attendances each Saturday would be large. Now for a word or two concern ing the play of the eeniors. There was some good, some bad, and come indifferent cricket. In the batting depart ment, Elliott decidedly showed the best form, bis runs being put together without mistake, the bat always meeting the ball hard end with a full face. He can play well to.the on to a ball on his legs, drives fairly to the off, and can cut n- atly. He is a sound but not a brilliant or attractive bats man. I have long despaired of ever seeuifr C. Bannerman give us a glimpse of that dash and brilliancy which a few vears back electrified I he cricket world in both hemispheres, but on Saturday he shaped at times in a style that reminded one of his palmy days, and raised the hope that as the season progresses he will shine with his former lustre. Bannerman is in rude health, and as he is taking great care of himself if his old form ever returns it will this season. Turner and Webster also played well, but Marr was in no form at all, Nuon shaped in his old styte, and, as usual, gave the bowlers some trouble to shift him, ana Geary I have not seen bat so well fora couple of years. His motto evi dently iB ' Rcsurgam ;' and from the vigour with which he treated the bowling, one can but promise for him a good sfaEon. Rowley, the left-hander, is a very free bitter, and made some telling strokes, but he does not seem to know bow to manage *' a Yorker,' a ball which he plays ' any how' at. He must learn to keep his bat in the mud when they come along. The ' Varsity Doye fielded well all round, AUerj, Jones, Garrett, and Thomas in particular; and Garrett bowled in splendid form, being well on the wicket with fine command of pitch and pace, coupled with a telling off- break. The Victorian Cricketers* Association still adhere to the practice they instituted some yean back of placing the selection of teams to represent Victoria in intercolonial and international matches in the hands of one person. Mr. Geerge Major, an old and experienced cricketer, is the choice of the association. If the New South Wales associa tion will look back upon the vagaries of our selection com mittees during the patt two seasons, perhaps they may be induced to give the system a trial, for the selection of our men by a committee of three has been a rank failure. The question of sending an Otago or joint Otago Canterbury team to Tasmania during the season opens up (tays the Canterbury Times) the further question as to whether it would not be advisable at the same time to send a team representative of New Zealand to the other side, and more (specially as the visit of the Australian and English team to the colony seems to be knocked in the head. Such a representative team of the colony could meet th« Englishmen end the Australians in Australia, and could also make matches with Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia. The New Zealand team and the Otago Cantetbury team might easily make their journeys at the same time, eo that there would not be necessity for Southern players having to seek double leave. I- might be permitted to commend the matter to the earnest consideration of Mr. C. S. Cross, of Wanganui. The project certainly seems, to my mind, more practicable than one to send a JSew Zealand team to England, as he proposes. ? The South Australian Cricketers* Association last year had 621 members, dne guinea each. That guinea gives each member and a lady the privilege of entre free of charge to the ground on all occasions. Last year the res cripts were £2266 lCs. 4d., and the expenditure £2296 17s. lid. The present indebtedness of the association is £2035 12e. lid., but as an asset there is a well-turfed and pro perly appointed cricket ground. Ihe umpire in the Oriental and Wentworth match has : withed iue to correct an error in the report of the same which appeared in the lost week's issue, re giving Iron side' run out. Be states that tie never admitted that it was a mistake, but was sure that the ball touched the bowler before it hit the wicket, and had he given any other decision it would have been against bis conscience. ? There will be a 'colts,' match to-day and next Saturday on the Association Ground. If the Junior Cricket Asso ciation self ct a really young team the match ought to be worth looking at. It will be, I think, be sixteen colts against a strong eleven of seniors. '? Referring to the return match between Nottingham - and the Australians, which ended in a draw, the London Standard considers it was only slightly in favour of the lace county representatives, who had 119 runs to make with 9 wickets to fall in order to win. Paring the contest Alfred Shaw hurt his hand so badly as to make it doubt lul »b to whether he would be able to bat, and the turf vtbb beginning to show sigDBxof wear. 'Age cannot wither ror custom sole' the veteran Afred Shaw. Playing with his county, Notts v. Gloucester- , shire, early In hist August, he performed a wonderful bowl ing feat. In the first innings he, secured three wickets in ibree consecutive balls, an& at another period of the same inniDgs bagged three more in four balls. In the second innings the old Notts A»wler Again performed the Vhat trick,' three good batsmen being dismissed in consecutive balls. ? For his excellent bowling Shaw received, a special prevent Irom the Notts committee. ?With their easy victory ever the Middlesex Eleven last Saturday, the Notts men brought their county season to a dose, if their right to the county championship was questioned in some quarters 12 months ago there can be no doubt about it now, and their, supporters must feel gratified (says SslPs life) at thefresult of the season's campaign. Nine victories oat of ten matchm played and th« other drawn very much in their favour is 'indeed a wonderful record. The batting. averages will bear inspection, as not one of the regular eleven has failed to earn double figures. Though Alfnd Shaw is getting far advanced into the «exe -and vellow leaf of cricket life, the table of bowling averages shows that his hand has by no means lost its cunning, and once more his name figures at the top of the list. The only conspicuous failure has been Mr. C. W. Wright, who, though he generally acquits himself well elsewhere, seems unable to assist his county, a remark which also applies to the other amateur that has been given; a trial, Mr. J. A. Dixon. ?.-.??.. . Bripg*B batting average for his county, Lancashire, is 21 for 16 innings, he beinglourth best A- N. Hornby is a point above him. ?? ?????. - ' . - ? ? I regret to state that the work ol turfing and making that triangular enclosure known as the Garrison Ground fit for cricket during the ensuing season hie been stopped. The ground presents a state of chaos which suggests much blundering and a great expenditure of money* It seems that Sydney will never enjoy the privilege of having more than one good enclosed cricket ground. ;? . . - -. ? ; ' The trustees of the Association Cricket Ground, have at, hut tame down from their lofty pedestal. They have conde- , cended to have their accounts audited by afirmof respectable accountants ; and an abstract of the revenue and expenditure of the ground was .published in last Saturday's Herald* '? One of the trustees some time ago informed the New South Wales Cricket Association that it was only as a natter of grace that any financial statement was furnished by them. Ihe trustees have awakened to the proper sense of their pofiiiion. All the money they receive comes from the public, and the public is entitled each year to a full and explicit account as to where that money* goes.. Generally the statement appears ralUfactory, but I am surprised the intercolonial match last year 'did sot return more than £515 10s; I congratulate the trustees upon having taken the public into their confidence. ? Arrangements have been completed for the visit of the All England Eleven to Narrabri, and it is probable that the team may also be induced to play at Armidale. The Domain ground on Saturday was the scene of a one day's match between the first elevens of the Albert and Carlingford clubs, when the cricket was good and Ihe turf, lam pleased to add, in splendid order. The Carlingford, who went first to the wickets, were disposed of for 107 runs, of which number F. K. Ellis made 37, not out, bv really good cricket, and without a chance. Bead hit hard for 21, and Oatley and Perks showed fair form for their 13 each. M'Neil was the most successful bowler for the Alberto, but Kirke bowled better, though with worse luck. The two Albert cracks, 'MasBie and Moses, made very light of the Carlingford bowling, the former, opening with a hit for 6 ofi the first ball of the innings. After playing with great dash Maseie retired after making 21. H. Moses started the eeason well, making 34, not ont, in his best style, and with out giving even the ghost of a chance. Baxter was in a long lime for 7 runs, but his batting was rather cramped. Muddle was the most successful bowler for Carlingford, bnt in that department of the game the club is very deficient When the stumps were drawn the Alberts had scored 73 runs for the loss of 4 wickets. A meeting of the committee of the New South Wales Cricket Association was held on Tuesday evening at the Ex change Hotel, Mr. F. B. Walker in the chair. Certificates werereceivedfrom the University, Albert, Carlton, Warwick, Belvidere, Carliogford, Incognito, Sfc Leonards, and New castle clubs naming the delegates to represent them, and showing the number of members on the roll of each club. The hon. secretary then read a letter from the trustees of the Association Cricket Ground, stating that the 18th and and 26th instant had been set apart for a colts' match on that enclosure. A letter was also xead from the hon. sec of the Junior Cricket Association requesting that a match between 15 members of that body and 11 from the New South Wales Association might be arranged for an early date. It was resolved that one gentleman from the senior association be appointed to act with two others chosen from the junior association in the selection of the ' colts.' Mr. D. Ogilvy was appointed to act fw the senior association. A committee consisting of Messrs. Garrett, Hiddlestone, and D. Gregory was appointed to select thesenior team. It was decided that Mesirs. Payne and Swift be asked to aot as umpires, and Mr. S. W. Daniel as scorer for the match. The 13th, 14th, 16th, and following, days of February were then fixed upon for the return Intercolonial Match against Victoria, to be played at Sydney. A letter was received from the hon. secretary of the St. Leonards C. C. a»king to be placed on the list of senior clubs. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Gibson, that. the request of the peti tioning olub be acceded to. In our advfrtiBJnecolumiiBMr. Sam Duncan,hon. secretary of the Corio Cricket Club, certifies as to the number of mem bers in that club, and furnishes their names. Mr. Duncan has been compelled to take this step to contradict some false reports which have been circulated to the detriment of the club. ,''* ? 