a HUMOUROUS description of ; ' * THE body. . This )K añ attempt to liiake a ;Ijumourous little pamphlet oiu of a'rongh aiul- popular" description of the human body.upon what inight be called the " ' Artcnuis Ward • principle."' in anatomy, physiology, and. medicine, theréi's íó much that naturally lends itself to; the service of the humourist and the punster, that' if the ' author ...were; a-.-really, skilled medico, gifted.also with a sarcastically fertile imagination and a facile pen, we can readily conceive that once thought about, it would hot have-beeii so very dillicult tô'havè indited,a ludicrous burlesque upon -!aicburse of ''medical-lectures," which while ridiquli g many of the abuses, and weak points of modern " hospital; discourses/' \vuulu'»yei have contrived-to,convey a number of real " lessons " uppn important practical points. This " Dr.' Corpus " doÈs' not even },];v to do. except perhaps' in the last "lecture," ,wli>re quitting the realm of " liumour" altogether, he produces a chaîner, chiefly upon monthly, nurses,, with the tenour of which we cordially agree, but which seems-to fit in very awk wardly with the provioiis im pages, , * Putting aside a good deal of somewhat tedious text, the book may be said ¿o be in terspersed with some,good jokes, some clever double mtomlres, and many excruciatingly bad puns in an easy (and if taken very tjuickli/) "readable " way, calculated tö promote di gestion by causing considerable amusement every now and then. We "cull a few. para-» graphs as samples of the author's styje r, " Tlie: uninitiated would proliably be sur prised to hear that thé sk-iill' contains two tables, but it does. .Strangor' stlljf^two-, temples are incorporated in its architecture, also a vault. This vault is, spmetiíñ'es tenanted by rather queer Occupants, such as the ghost of an idea, the spirit of mischief or. the demon of. despair. ' Besides .these., curiosities, the skull can boast of two parietal eminences. Of course these are> cardinal points, as thetitle signifiés, in adBitiony it. has nearly as many processes as, the law,,,and some of them quite as sharp. ¡ 1. .í/¿sFs„ . „ i' You know all about grey matter», and: white matter, but you must not imagine that; these aré the only matters'of importance con-: -nocted with the brain. ' v'i . . . : . M ; ' i " The external ear is called the auricle, ^ .. ; " This external organ is the part we apply to if we wish to whisper a secret to somebody "or to talk, to a deaf person.', 'This may-be called consulting the auricle. ¡ It' is also the part that is generally ornamented in the female -sex with a ring or drop., I regard this fashion as a'remuant of barbarism, and I would remind the sex that these appendages are ¡ntended,for.hearing, not ear-ring. . . "The stirrup is an appropriaté; nania jn connection- with ;an 'os, which is the rli^tiiy for bone. '■ ■■ ■ '■ "¡The Latin name, for the throat : is.-gutyur. When an'oratoV's'.words stick in' his'ithroat, his argument máytherefórebe said to lie in the ffttUitr. . . . ( , , ' " " The abdomen,is known; sunder different names. « Ladies generally; speak- of lthis' region to their doctors simply as .their.^jiyv side.' In"' fat ; men -it-¡ is* : often1 called'^the 'corporation.' Like many other corporation this one is sometimes" disturbed by intestijie' feuds and " bëllycbse" agitation. ?», j , "The hand is.theVinstrumènt?,ofî-prèiien-. sion ;j as that.sometimes means pilfe'ring/.the -.hand is lia^le^oíbécome theinstrumeiit both ' of prehensidniand ax)prehension r Pbljcom6^<r are. very handy ' people;.,1, therefore; inslhatj; sense; but riot always sot hand)', in the sensç,' • of-being at hand when wanted.^ . - t ">¡j| ;>.>-We- recommend theSel lécturés"to .all óilH young friends for^ as' wé 'have said boforb.t they are,,:in:many parts very amusing. With' ;a little.revision, and; ;a great, deal of tcom-.; pression tliey might, iii the ".next edition, be. made much more so. ■. - 