IN.THE BARBER'S SHOP. BY FIGARO. , have .gthored a posis'ofotoaeremen's Gowoeri and nothing but the thread that bminds thorh 'i4' my aown.' orI?ea. ,: , T IAYVB'h fore me ;rhilst I irrteia smdll posie made up of New Soiuth Wales ".wild".flowers. I can .zibow under stand, what was somewhat of a puzzlb'to me befoa,:h'oiy it: is that the nnnal sbh'ow at Manly of. the albloigBnl ,floia .of'th sister colony has 'b'ecome such a pronounded' attraction. The specimens :l'm looking upon are really beautiful-some boldly and brilliantly do, other.e m~ir hdodalst,': re-. q.uirng'closer inupec?ian t'o discei:e their charms. So far as Ican discern, however, they are all scentless, but this may ariae from the fact that, they were gathered a week ago, and' brodgt frdom Sydiney by steanier-sb'. if they had originally. :any perfume,'it has bad time to evaporate.: The admirable ;'minder in which they'?u kept i another. puzzle to me,, My experience o wild flowers, both in hngaipa and Victoiid, is, that In a few .houirs after being cut from theplante,"eni e thbugh at .once put into water, they begin to flag,,and?uickly lose the attactiveness .that led to their being 'gatherded. Yet these Ne·wi douth Wale's obes have kept' well t Of c urse the first freshness has departed from them but even now, at a week's interval, they are a delight to 6ook uponiapd make meb wil:l dould b? ithransqpoted ,::l t" thejr. native habitat and fpeas~ty: eyes. upon them in a sll tir pristire glory asight,1i Viil I fee well issured wou?ld n?ai..e me ,ondirse t.he statenment that ',', bltomonin all hi( glory wtas not arrayed ~ike oneof theae . I wonderwhgther.: this ' wild Ifilbra of our neighbours would:bear "civiliaing'' that is to say, if taken .from ::their. .native hgath, and nurtured in,; pots, or carefully tended in' out-of-door flower-beds, would they thrive or die? My fear is;- based on a few experimentsLouce made: With:sdiode Victorian wild flowerstbhat they would lie, Still, the skill of our nurserymen: is., great, and if by the use of it they:, could make these natural beauties amenable to 'treat ment, I think it would pay, them:: well"to do so.. For many of them areequal, 'and some of them..superior, to much of the rubbish one sees so.often cumbering sub uirs'n gardens: No douilbti there isde msnoy pretty, wild flowers to be found in'this colqony too I've seen a 'few myself.: but nothihg der tainly to compare with theseN.S:W, oies Inoticed :that in :lIst Saturday's Argue a writer speaks of a profusion of them being now in bloom in the district beyond Brigh too, and on towards. Mntoneand'Frank ston; andhe suggests that.we might folldw' the Manly! examp!le0:jad: have our: wild flower show.. Thp -idea-. isn'ta badlonog, I tbought, as?I read his article.; Butnow; bavin g seen.the. sister colony'sispecimenes about wiceh I've been telling you,. .Iddhh' feel so clear, onthat point. . :Certaiinly, sii a showomigt i pleae ,ithpse who.:had not s.een?.nything of:ithel kindbut to any who bad ?een. at the.Manly show I feas it:wiuid, ,be.deengd.ea4iare.', However, I presume t.e[se would be only, a snmalljninotityV; and' so, op1ithe maximtot !the greatentgood for thejgre'atest, pumber,,I shall be pleasedl it" the,euggestion.of.the writer to which' rIvoe referred should prove to be good seed sown in suitable ground.. .... ..... - A· customer writes nie 'that it wiis his privilege,:. on:"what is knowsri as St. Matthew's Day'? to' hear the clergyman whose, ministrations he attends preach a most eloquenit sei'nfod; oin 'the' virtiies ofV that saint. He (thbat is my customer), whilst :indulging! ini hisf Sabbath post. prandial nap, hbad:': a short biut' curious drean.m It was to this effect' ,He saw in his vision the elergymad in ;quiestion appa rently much jexreised by .some, mental diffijculty. Itwas inade clenar to the dreamer, in that plain way whichb i usuinali dreams, but wtich wheulyou wake it's imipiissible to recall, what it was that. was friubljliig hiS clerical frie ad. . One of thie arrows which the parson had shot at.his hearers found': a lodging in his own conscience. It troubled him sborely.. Hie had been urging' othersi toi make saencrificese- ought he not tdo makea 'sacrifice him'self. Yes, he ought; ;Soe theti and there'.declared. his inteition'o devoting to the cause.of charity a goodly portion of.his worldly belbngings. A %ly settling on the dreamer's,nose,.the dream wasi infortuinately abruptly ended-;. but he thinks there's more than one clergyman, of more than one denomination, who might take this bint .to practice as well as t0 preach.- I can't deny thiis; although' bm own exper'ience leads me'to the conclusion that the number of clergymen who .coud fiiford to act iii thbie way" is Lxtiemly iimited, :Asa whole, they are a. insuffi-?? ciently paid body. : . I've heard some astonishment expressed by more than one customer that I've taken no ,n'tic" Mthe new ,character :in whibh Peter Campbell, the ex-bush missionary, and now,'according. to his own avowal, a Freethinker, has lately appeared.- My reason is a very simple one. Between two and. three years ago a leading article in this journal "hit" Peter pretty hard in connexion with some insolent letters h a addressed to the then Mayor of Prahan (Mr' M H.. Davies) in connexion. witni: letting thim (Peter) the Town.halJ.at an, absurdly:low rate.. Peter blustered a good', deal about .bririgingr an ancion for' libel against my proprietors unless they inerted i a retractatiori which he had himself drawn up. This was refused, anrd the acdion1 was never commenced;'" But it might have been, and judging by the success which afterwards attended Peter.in a similar case against the Hev. John Watson, and 'ii Whioh the jury mulcted'the defendant in a fliie of £250 in addition tof expenses,' my firm 'iay perhaps be thankful that /hey 'were not taken into Court iy tbis man. .I I was the author of that article, and I know I there wasn't the ghost of a libel in it. But wherever the press is concerned juries' are 'such' kittle-cattle thd. it's' wise to have nothing to do with them;if you can pos0ibly avoid it. So I'Ve let Peteralone. Another I reason is, that having, as i've just avowed, .i hit" Peteb'hard when he was "up," it E mightbe thought cowardly and revengeful if I w eetobit him again now hera "down." I'm aware that, when the articleo I've re ferred to apperared some people thought it, was unnecessarily severe upon a man who wao;enageddqinga good work. I What do L~ey the ink now P,, I knowynore about toe man, thans they, idid, anl. could have nmade asi re, exposuoeas, would have startled those wh believed- in, hin gpodness-only thqseo who ?urpished me with the informa tipn ?wogloultugt me useit on the condition .made-pn;ml? , that[if he commenced an action aginst,4hbe paper.thtey would consent to.go into .the~witnese-box;.and testify to ihe. truth :,pf,, the, chargesu 1 should have mpsdn pn.thir authority,.As they wouldn't dp~blh?s," had Ino. choice but to let the matater slide, and.so I let it. slide, though, I os re you, veryregretfully .1 , *i ,. i.' ]Thviywtiken in the leading artile in hat, weekfs,issue of this journal of Mr. Bn'te adiyocacy of the many-named 'rail way.,bill habe been reiterated .in several o papr,,ppere? that I're seen, and 'I can't reis ,thel;. femptatibn to ray before; you awh"T Timotheus" said of it in the Adrgus, epen thoughl, to dao I must put aside one pB.woqt.ther:flowere.I'd cut for this week's •p :iO-?V- eg? celearly did his advoeacy of this Rosetown Railway Bill. bring .out the strength and,..weakness of the member for Brighton. Thirei must be some bona jd~e hase :fo ?'tie' proposiial that a private citizen should construct ia line from';Elsternwick Jo South Melbotirne, but Mr Bent did not think it worth while to state it. When the Ropssto~n sugar factory is at work, it may operate on;beet, and. this gave Mr ':Bent:a chance;of talking big which wits irresistible. Plenty of water, and a fair chance of grow ing 2beet root are, l.he declares, what the fimers want. As the goldfields die out, beet; fieldls shouldl take their places-should bie th~e salvation 'bf the counitry. Water wasineidhtiohdd to ensnare the .M'Col!, who was lihdoked,at once. , And as the factory is alkeilay.csinected with the state railways running. throuigh the country, it does not eaactly appear h'orw the "construction of a si~w line to the city would assist the trans liort of bhet. '.,The proposal to meet Sc. Kilds objecions by stopping the line at the Village Belle, where the tramway s'ystem.commences, makes the matter still more mysteriotis."' Are the ,tramcars .to carrry biee, and is the' root to be grown' on the higih-pridd subeurban allotments that surround the..snug and reputable licensed hiuse in' questidon P :Tliere is the Biglow rille : . ? Ii''':?~I firmly du b~lieve , I 'n' uinbhg.generaly;, .': T" er i n' g a hiing thet I perceive . " a.To ohv solid ally ... No one. can work on such a liie better than Mr Beut, bubt, then; mon are apt to overdo tiheir specialities.. Even ihpolitics humbug ii'eldofi successftl,' except as an accessory. It Is goil enough for a paint, but not for a building material Mr Bent's only chance of passing his bill is to hark back,,to cease thlking:bunkum abbut beet, and tiall the youse Tranklr and fairly why; the line is wanted; .A, Ac:eoen thenrl ventiire to asurt he won'tcarry it.. ': ': S.dest as I was tying up this present phoe~Ir eceiied complimentary tickets for a dramalimqeptertainment to be given in the.Prahran TownHall on next Thursday wjeele. .ilIc~un ow find.time to do, or spare space for is to :ourteously acknow ldge the same, iandd to promise further \- iculirid liit week. 