AKTEMUS WARD'S PBOGBAMME Wb haro • oforo us a relic of ^rloznus Ward. It is one of the p'ogramme* of his 'Am^rg the Mormons* entertainment, dnUd Sandusky, May 8 (probably 18&i;). We copy a few specimens: -Tho musio on the grand puna will comprise, "Hear mother, 1 have come homo to die by request,"' &o.; ' Washoe, tho Laud of Silver—Good quarters to bj found there. Playful papulation, fond of high-loir jack and "homioide1 ' i.'obcr C. Kimball's lfarem—Mr. Kimball is a kind husband and numerous father.' ' Selections from the Graud Piaro— M». Forrester. Mr. Forrrstsr once boarded in the same street with Qottsshalk. Tho man who kept tho boarding-honse remem bers it.' ' Those of the audience who do not feel offended wi'h Artomus Ward are cordially inTitcd to call upon him often, at Ids fine new homo in Chicago. His house is on tho right hand lido as you orois tho ferry, and may be easily distinguished from the other houses by its ha-ring a cupola and mortgage on it.' • Auswora to correspondents: Lsura llatilda— " I have an unfortunate tendenoi, even on trivial occasions, to shed tears. How can I pre vent it?" "Look up the shed.'" 'Traveller —"How long Wss Artemus Wand in Cali fornia ?" "Five feet ton and a half.'" 'Citizen —"I am petting bald, \yhat will make my hair some out t" " Oil of Titriol will mate all your hair come oat."' ' Bulea of the houie: ladies or gentlemen will please report any negh'gence or disobedi ence on the part of the lecturer. Artemus Ward will not be responsible for money, Jewellery, or valuables, unless left with him—to bo returned in a week or so. Persons who think they will enjoy themselves more by leav ing the hall early in the evening, are requested to do to with as little noise as p-wsible.'— Qleveland Plaindealer. ' Ic ia a more matte* of form/ said tho lady m abp adjusted her corset. QtTABBKxtiaG avails nothing* liven the forty thieve* cams to grief by jars. A max got hemmed in by a crowd, atd has ever aince complained of a ifcitch in Ms side* -' Whsk is a man almost sure to be hounded down? As soon as he begins to go to the doge. Tocko housewife: 'What miserable little eggs again! You mnst really tell them Jan", to let tbe hen tft on tbcm a little longer/ We are much indebted to experience, and it is truly said that we learn most from our mis takes This is the reason compositors know so much. 'Mbs. Gbimes, lend me your tub/ 'Can't do it; all the hoops ore off—it's full of suds— besides, I never bad one—I washes in a barrel/ Ax Hnglish magazine is speculating as to ' tbe kind of clothes ghosts wear/ Wo always supposed they wore spirit wrappers.—-American paper. A won or was offered $1,000 if she would remain »ilent for two hours. At the end of iifteen minutes she asked,1 Isn't the time nearly up ?' and thus lost. Said a conscientious auctioneer: 'Ladies and gentlemen, there ia no sham about the otrprts. They are genuine tapestry carpet*. I bought them from old Tapestry himself. What a feeling of relief cornea over a woman as she enters a church and discovers that her neighbour's wife has tho same feather on her hat that she wore last season. At the opera in Dublin a gentleman sarcasti cally asked a man standing up in froat of him if he was aware he was opaque. The other denied the allegation, and said he woe O'Brien. Mr sic, said Dr. Johnson, is the least dis agreeable of all noises. The leaned doctor did not know everything. He never lived next door to a c -met amateur or a piano-banging young lady. A oklibbatbd lawyer said that the three most troublesome cliente he ever had were a young lady who wanted to be married, a married woman who wanted a divorce, and an old maid who didn't know what she wanted. ' JTbvbb would call a boy of mine "Alias,"' i«d-Mrs. Jones, 'if Tbad a hundred to name. Men by that name is alius cuttin' up capers. Here's Alias Thompson, Alias Williams, Alias the'Kighthawk—all been took up for stealinV A Touxe actress had made signal failure in the first two acts of a comedy. After the third, in which she did not appear, oae of her fellow actors came up to her with much ardour. 'Charming, adorable! Your third act quite redeems the other two.' 'I'll A, is your father at home/ said a bashful loTerto his sweetheart 'I want to propose something vary important to him/ ' Ho, Clarence, papa is not at homo, but I am. Couldn't you propose to me just as well ?' And he did, with perfect success To Henry has graduated?' remarked a friend of the family. ' What is he to choose aa a profession ? Take'orders, I supprse.' ' Ah/ replied Ha-ry's father, a plain, common sense man,' you don't know tho boy. I should laugh to see him takipg orders from anyone.' 1 What are you going to make of your boy Bill ?' asked one parent of another. 'I think Bill will be * gr©4t sculptor,' was the reply. 'Ha* he any talent that way?' 'I should say so. He chisels all the boys out of their marbles * A COTJPifi of pickpockets followed a gentle man for some blocks with a riew of availing themselves of the first opportunity to reiiere Mm of his purso. He suddenly turned into a lawyer's ofiiee. 'What shall we do now?' asked one. 'Wait for the lawyer/ said the 'other. 1 Sbb here, sir,' exclaimed a grocer, bristling up with righteous indignation, as the milkman made his morning call,' I should just like you to explain how the chalk and white clay that I found in my coffee cup this morning got there.' ' Don't know, I'm sure/ amwered the milkman, 1 unless you sweetened your coffee wi h the same sugar you sold mo yesterday/ A latb judge was a noted wag. A young lawyer was once making his first effort bcfoie him, and had thrown himself on the wirgs of his imagination far Into the upper regions, and was seemingly preparing for a Mghor accent, whA tho judgo exclaimed : ' Hold on, hold on, my dear sir! Don't go any higher, for you are alretdy out of the jurisdiction of tho court/ Tjib other d*y a visitor surpri-ed a distin guished professor, who was saying to his baby, lOn ny no nv, e lumsy tick his little footsy tootsies.1 Just then he caught sight of the visitor, blushed, and muttered: ' Ho, no, you must not expose your pedal extremities by ex tending them beyoud the protecting cover of tho blankot, or you will lay your system open to attacks of cstonhal affections/ ' A sharp student was called up by the worthy professor of a celebrated oollege, and asked the question : ' Can a man see without eyes f ' 1 Yes, sir/ was tho prompt reply. 'How, sir/ cried tho astonished profes?or, ' can a man see without eyes ? Pray, air, how do you make thabout?* 'TJecan s^o with one, sir/ replied tha ready-witted youth. And the whole class shouted with delight- at- the triumph over meta physics. Gbockb, whohaa lately joined the militia, prictising in hie shop: 'Bight, ltft, right, left. Four paceato the rear; march!'—falls down trap-door into the cellar. Grocer s wife, anxiously; ' Oh, Jim, are yon hurt ?' Grocer, euTsgely, but with dignity : ' Go away, woman; what do you know about war ?' The latest anecdote about an old lady who thinks that sho 'knowseverything' is how she went to a church sociable, and aB Bhe entered the room the young ladies said,' Good evening, auntie, we are glad you have come; we are going to have tableaux this evening' ' V es, I know, I know,' was the reply, 'I smelt 'em.' Sous joker put a small turtle, about the size of a silver dollar, in room 13 at the Ocean Hotel,' Durahgo, and the miner who was assigned that room, upon retiring, caught sight of it, wherenpon ho began to resume his cloth ing, with the remark, ' I expected to have a lively night of it here, but if they're as big as that I don't propose to get in with 'em.' A one-legged Welshman, named Jonee, wae pretty successful in bantering an Irishman, when the latter aaktd him,' How did you come to lose your leg?' 'Well,' eaid Jones,'on examining my pedigree and looking up my descent, X found that there was some Irish blood iu me, and becoming convinced that it had fettled m that left Ifgl had it cut off at once.' ' Be the powers,' said Pa', ' it would have boen a better thing had it eettled in your head.' A srraiBBB of persons were discussing tele scopes, each professing to have looked through the'largest one in the world.' Oneafteranother dilated on the powerful effect of his particular telescope. At lest a quiet man said mildly: "I once looked through a telescope. I don't know that it was the largest one in the world. I hope it wasn't. But it brought the moon so near that we could see the man in it gesticulating wildly, and crying out, "Don'tshoot 1 don't shoot!" The old fool thought it was a big cannon thgt we were pointing at him.' It is related that when the Bev. Dcctor Ellis, the Bev. Philips Brooks, and the Bev. Brooke Hereford were cn their way home toge ther from liverpool to Boston, on the first Sunday out the captsin of the Cephalonia en deavoured to arrange for religious services, and asked the three famous clergymen to decide among themselves which should preach Mr. Hereford at once excused himself, saying he had preached aieadily during his vacation, and now wanted at least one Bundai's rest. Then Sir. Brooks suggested that Dr. Ellis, being the oldest, ought to preach. ' Oh, no,' said Doctor Ellis, ' it would be nonsense for me to preach when everybody wants to hear you.' And 60, after half an hour of disclaimers aud compli ments, the end of the ma' ter was that there was no preaching at all. ' Well,' said the captain, with a sigh, ' I did what 1 could. But isn't it singular ? Three fire-escapes aboard, and no bod; saved from the burning!' 