he e, ded A Witness for the Defence, rone IN THBKE CHAPTEKS.—CHAPXEB H, ame eof ' When soning only aweek of; so the first thing I did I gotback to town, the sessions exact; der case, in order .to learn fromhimho to callon the solicitor in chargeofmy stood,and or to take it off his hands. Th had magistrate^ of. course,had sent the priso ed for trial.When Icame to. read the dep om tions, the case againsthimseamed perfe simple,and as conclusive as circumstan evidence could mate it. The crimehad occuzred'so long ago bnt that a diligent se hadunearthed saw several witnesses. The se ery, vant-girl,who hadnowbecome the wife 'dairymanin ks, theimmediateneighborhood, w en, found. Sheproved thebad conduct ofyou Harden,and unved, on the dayof themurder,and to his th the ill-will which ^gradualygr lipbetweenhimand her former mistress. alsospoke to his ejectment from theh on at the street door. She'swore to the kn wnieh hailbeen in the possessionof police dee,' Therewere other witnesses to t , ever since, as havingbelonged to prisorier. same eat facte;' arid the landlord,my client, several the others, proved the flourishingof th identical eof knifeand theominouswords in public-house. er- Tocomplete the chain, th man -wholiad instructedme proved the f and ingof thfi knife ih theroomwhere the emore der -was committed;andtwo or three ted nessesremembered.being by his side a m- Beemghim^toopdownand pick it up. T wife his the final facts oi bissudden disapp ance^and g changesofname,appeared .both me the atid : tomy friend to be capableof inost spun into a'rope gaite strongenough to sw JoHdHarden ; outof the world. ,Lord But," said my.£olicifcor-friend," the que eUa est-thingof all is thatnoone is going t ther pear for the prisons." om '"Noone to appear forhim ? " een "Ho one. YoungElkinholds a watching ully, briefon behalfof prisoner's master, and t is of alLHe saidHarden hadbeen in Mr. cum's—that's his' master—service for ov ns seven yean, behaving extremely wel all time.He ale was invaluable to his old ma so- who issomething .of ań. invalid. He S turned religious, and-was disgusted at Ins ," jnerwioked res rate, in ifSlocum is so fond of him, why do life." " But Isupposehe hasmoney—or, at he - pay - for u| the . defence? .11. HIIMTlMB^MWWUnil " Ieuglc ile, forbidsHarden to avafl himself of world -arts.Slocum led is onlytoo . anxious ió re ohisn one can persuade him. Says he is in some one;butHarden won'tjhave it,and ent handsof a Higher Power, and it shallbe hip sering trate; bat Slocum, by Elian's advice, did what"he shall speak, and all the res it.'He-wanted tomake aspeech to the m manage rd Jo inducehim to hold his tongu the present, and Say hewould reserve hi fence.Of an course theyhope he wilicom his ing senses before the triaL But I don'tk ant bow that TOII be. . I never saw suchan ssed stinate pig. Only .gave in to his master ab ncit the. speaking because thepoormanbega whimper in ćpurt 1" rr : Tha.main jwrt-ofmywork hadbeend Satme, ying: aiid It onlyremained tobespeak me,' of ithe depositions,eee the witnesses,andm sure , :in : that they" intended to say at the aw. Bailey substantialy thesame things as t ding " Eaid 'jat J the^pólice»court—-a.most neee her, j' preaautio'n, the imaginationbeing s rind ocs likely to amplify their tale if possib in peopleof this 'd&ss; that the veqr his ana prepare the brief for the prosecuting co e, el. This done, Ihad but to let-things t " der * 'coarse. 1 " hen. tiie day of the trial came, I wa betimesinmy no place at the Central Crimi . Conrfcjlia-ving : - various other cases in.hand there. ntil :' The prisoners, as" is customary, wete to firstjputup and., arraigned—that is,h the et sdbstanoeof Lh& several indictments rea taken pver to tnem^andwere caledon to p "guilty"or'notguilty." Thesedisposed(5,the ese caiM for Joh£ ffiTrden.was called, and Iloo ong athlm wi& ąoine cariosity.No sooner h ed .one so than Iknew that, his .was a ith _>n which atsome time or other I looked rt before, and.oil which I had tak ing note! Itis a ńseful peculiarity ofmine th I. never fprgot'.e faoe to which Ihave paid nd any attehtipn, and I can generaly as " & the place «nd circumstancesunde he ih l last saw it. But here the latt part t jOf.my .powers failed me, Iknew im, iaae wel, butoonld not imaginewhen ałkre eir I had bebdd it. Ievenknew tha an-~iśeeen Mot then, as now, baldon the thet^ V^beaded, and jthat owp The filingwraed^na not a iittle. In meanwhile, John Harfan was being pot g to tóke his Mai lor themurder of Aga st eł I, m' ind, appear to prosecute in-th tfre xsase"Btudmy £oiinBQl,Et&rtaag; np anddo again Etethe blade pfaknife....-. spot, •«"Does Jipbody appear for jtbie.-prisoner-? that hot, "s "I nnderstańd, jn* .lad, that the priso he ŚŚ; not jnepreseited," said counsel, appear -On and disappasripg as before. hich. . - ^ĘfrJ&ftmi; 9"Agitated nuee-from th , 40dyj0f,)the bis court, "ihavensed all possib eir .""'fii-lanca : 1 * proclaimed the nsher. toV WJip -i£':>thKt? % inquired the jadge, been ingojmr bjaropfftaelBR. . • beat --"My lord, I am this foolish fellow's master; sndjkerapetfeo&yconvinced;——" as •"I cannot hear^yoa,_Bir, If ths prisone fwmhes dgihgs to have counsel assigned to ~him nt Jin I defence, X ^ ^amę t a;genfiwoan,iaad [MU'take dly3 oare-thaV theprisonerahSi havedn opportunity for his instruction; and if yo •deeiręj^ęgireevidenoeoń ays, his behalf, yoa c 4io mft 80.—Prisoner, is it yonr -wish that aoo ved be-assigned to yon for your defence ?" . e :"uiHarden lie badbeen standing with -bish that " ;ht9yj bent, sod bis dasped hands rest t be the railof file dock.Henowlooked up rj ) inta grave and^impastBTO TOiee: "My lord, I wishno help but ~ ~ am in Hisłands, and I-a i"maa. IfHe aeesgood to ddiv urt ioBo,. TPhoaml, thatl.ahonld t^bs " work?" o , ' S per -bia ag^ig^iwmrtiiaiigTwiai nd liutroments for yonr dehverance as"&e; «Se ytra ; «Goaemore "I inU ask," do" 1 youm -derareto berepresented byoounsel?." had So beit—Now, Mr Clincher" lfta Sffitóffećtó nora, conned iff &e; prose Mary ittf 'fh^ly, Mdembraoed the łaots whSS* reader ess. already knows.He then caled h sjie witnesses;and as each after each left ', box, he itwas easy to see from the faces jury ich that thingswere likely to go hard the d prisoner. Always, in answer to the ofier quiry, "Do you wish to put any question to this witness?"Harden replied: "No,m plied lord.He has said the trnth, for all I kn the Sosmoothly did the truth ranits cou that take onlyone incident caled for remark: ter waswhenmy client got into the box; a indecently risk eager did he appear to beto cure er the conviction of the prisoner, that twice ba caleddownupon himself a severe o bukebom the judge for persistently vo and teering irrelevant statements to Harden'a lans prejudice.Andwhen counsel at length sa > That, m' Ind, is rhy case,'-and satdow littledoubtremained as to the prisoner's f still sat withmy gaze fascinated by th face, in the dock, trying—trying toremem when andwhere I had last lootednpon <•Doyon propose, prisoner, to call any nesses ? "asked the judge. "Onlymy master,my lord—Mr. Sl He'llspeak forme,and he'll say, Iknow were I'm not theman to kill any living thing was " Very well.And now, before calling h do murw The it interestof the case, which, except you desire to address the-jury ? " that e interestwhich is inseparable from a ner 'or murder,had slightly flagged, revivedn that osictly* with death. Foe whathad jastpassedmea ahumanbeing was virtually at g tial that there wasno defence or attempt defence, not that the jurymust convict, an arch that themanmust die, without hope, rmercy for so cowardlyand nngiatefol murderer. ōf a Therewas not asound in as court. Itwas late in the afternoon, and wintersun ng was setting. Its rays litup ew crimson hangings, the scarlet robesof jadge, She the intent faces, all lookingone ouse thedroopingheadand white composed countenanceof reats the prisoner—theman stan ingnp ife, there in full healthand strength the whose life was goingdown with the son the he "I have but a fewwords to say,my and gentlemen. I didn'tdo it. Iwasb enough,andmaybe e cruelenough in th days the todo it; but I didn't. I was so d and e so mad,my lord and gentlemen, th ind- might havedone it if ithadhappened e in mur- the day,unknown almost to myself, wit nd 1 couldn't havedone it,and why? Bec be standing here rightlyenough. But I kn I hese, was miles away at the time.Mypoo ear. aunt, as I've heard from what hasbeen mast to havebeen kiledbetween a quarte and being a quarter past eight in the eveni Wel, ing at eight o'clock Iwas at least five m off. If I'ddone it directly the girlwent of thehouse—as she says, at a quarte ero could ap- havebrokenopen the cupboard,- eight—it isn't according to _ reason that themoney,and got five miles off in a qu ofan hour."He stopped,anddrew the of his coat acroBS his forehead. hat Sloer Where bad Iseenhim before JWher when had Iseenhim do that very action the " 0, gentlemen, I couldn't havedone i ster, I couldn't,bad as I was 1 Iknow, now, ad bad thatmust havebeen—themercy of hagbeannponme forany ? I tell yoa 1 was miles awa since thosedays—but as I was, Iowed her toomuch, andkne to have hurt her in any way. "Won't believeme thetime—miles esn't away.Who can tell ns ^gn'resaymgtrue? ^oa wiUas£ ^Npone^ fl knew ly tocome hereand speak the tro tain forma this day. Bid Iknow the.-same God no that saved Daniel can eaveme fro sorry the end, if it is-His will todo it—it given His willbe done! I'mkeepingyou too l tof only saying thesame over and over ag I'll agise Another for pause. The silenceof death, just tell youhow it was, and I've d and youmustdo as duty bids you." s ratherof dee tanceof to thedarkened court shimmered a deathbed. The faces in the d now through the gloom, like thoseof spect waiting obout gas-light burst forth,and all sprang towelcome acoming shade. T the n sudden to -distinctness,' and there was a ge half-stir as of relief. one "Oh, isn't thereone here that cans copies for me? Is there anyonewhoremem the ake great gas-main explosion in Stre Old that year ? " hey Therewas again a stir,and amored a- one. Clearly, there'weremany in courtw o remembered it. I did, for one.Andreme y bering are it, Iseemed asone in a tunnel, le— Bees theglimmer from the distant open but can distinguishno featureof thelande unake beyond. twas there—that night. It was the nig of s the day I was turned oatofdoors— nal nightof the murder.How Icame to there, so far frommy aunt's neighborhoo don'tknow, bat I found myselfworking h ad helping to lift the stonesand timbero house-fronts d that wereblown in,and gett thepoor lead crushedpeople out. Iworked : long time,till I was like to drop;and ked policeman clappedmeon the back and me ad awordof praise and a drink of beer of face a can. Iwonderwhere that policeman now, had and if he'dremember ? " en at He did not respond, wherever he migh once Noone tohelp—no friendly plank to b -over-the rer yawning grave.What was it, th that I was trying so hard to recall ? er "Iwandered off after that into the b streets. the Iknew those parts welL I had h acomrade-whoused and to live there, andm t awicked I and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. Thebeer I had jastdrunk crown. ailempty stomachhadmuddledme aga the bit., but I was quite soberenough tok up every step of theway 1 -went,andremem tha it now. I turned upHoadley Street, - a dies to the left along Blewitt Street ; j is ustwhenmy aunt most havebeen striig wn with the wretch that took fara.life, whoeve was, "I. heard a clock strike eight. I d " gentlemen, and I suppose I never ihoaght it Bince; batnow Iremamber it aa clea ner day. I was standing atthe time at thexwr ing ofH&uraki; Street." It allcame back tome in amoment heard e the patter~of the "rainon the eab-ro Isaw le thegleam of the infrequent, lights the .wet flags—I listened to the objurgatio of thecabman at the abstractingdray—^-I look, -noteof the reflectron in the mirror, "the Btreet-n&me-whichwould; not rhyme so a make sense. The strokes of the dookl s ing eigbt were inmy ears. I saw the ] r at the comer, and themanunderneath 'l up for at it—theman with the ehortliroad the sharp chin,"the long ihinmouthtum down "ot tha cornera, and the blank in front e a teath—the innocent inan I was.boun ing an to hisdeath—the prisoner at the bar 1 nsel As I sprang tomy feet,down wlth a c "wentmy bag Mlof paperę,my hat and ead brella,Bothateven theimjpasfliye judge^gai ing a start, and the usher.wakmg ńp, once at proclaimed f'SDendś.! " isifchshocked and, •jured infleclaon. Heedlesspf the znąjesty the the .'Is^^'lMdn^'^^'^M^wa,- and be m lesoed over to zns in eurprlse, I frhispe earnestly er in his ear. I nevereaw theliam faoe expressmore ratmastoniEhment. .-, ( Hqw aver, eeeang' that l was munistakeably i aaniaah'he mei&y;^noi^iitópo&tyjiaa; feet ' • 1. • . ;*' '. i s f iour lMadnp;,waifu4w JM," :he m "for interfenng Ei- tms^Btagebetween^ith prtsonerand rs the^sn^liHitlaminstnietedia make ow: acommnnicaUon.whioh liediure w be as jaetonnding to ypur lordship and joiy as it is to myself. J thrnk Imay that it is-tbe mm Bnipamngand.anpre ca -dented .thing -which ®veroocarred in a co of jasćcp. My.JqA, the^adimlwrwho h j$raots Jne io.fnN^3a|etendsrs hmndlw fee •witness for fce^tóenoe 1" i* OOHCŁUSIOS. the To say that there, was a " sensation "w feebly of the with describe what followed. Everyone in ins to court sprang to his feet.'SjiThe priso looked as ifhe hadseen a ghost. There y a perfecthubbubof voices, as bar and-i ow." talkedamong themselves,and mj; brethr at the solicitors' table ponred-qnestionsup rse, me, tononeof whichl replied. Silence be This nd restored, so the voiceof the judges-grave a prohe dignified, bat with a perceptibletremor—d cended like vocal oilon the troubled wav sound. re- "Who instructs yon, Mr.' Clinche lun id, ever.Myname was familiarenough to "Mr. Bentley,my lord." The judge lookedmore astonished th n, as but a judge, and he hadknown iteven fate, wben| as a leading barrister, he bad h e many Bet a brief irom me. ber "I im persuaded," said he," that a gen! it. manof Mr. Bentley's repnte and experien| hasgood witocum. reason for vfhtfr he does. Bu extraordinary andnnheard-of I will as Mr. Bentley himself if he xeally conside , that that duty requireshim to offer himself ." witness,andwhen andwhy he cime to im, conclusion ? " My lord," I replied, " Iam certain t believingwhat for Ihad cause to believe wi trial the last five minutes, I shouldbe greatly ow blame if I did not testifyon oath to ce rips facts which are withinmyown knowle nt But if the prisoner chooses to callme as ness, at a your lordship will presently understa d why it is that, -with all submission, I can of at thismoment, or until Iam in the a givemy reasons.And I mastadd that -the valueofmy evidence to the prisoner greatlydependon the his answers to certain q the tions which I wish, with yoar lordship the sanction, to pat tohim in writing.An way, he answersme as I expect, I believem dence will putanend to the case ag him." d- ,and Bcally,gentlemenof the jury," said . lordship, " this matter isassuming am andmore lord remarkable aspect. I hardlykno ad what to say. That a prisoneron trial fo life ose should answer questions pat tohim rank private by the prosecuting solicitor is th most at I extraordinary proposal, Iambound arlier say,which evercameundermy notice. is themore difficalt forme to decideb and ow the prisoner bas not the advantageof co ause sel's assistance.—Prisoner, is it yoar wish r that thisgentleman shouldbo caled as a nesson said, your behalf? Yon have heard w r he to has saidabout certain questions which ng. wishes to pat to yoa beforehand.Of cou you iles are notbound toanswer any such oat tions,andmay nevertheless call him. W r do to you say?" I " Iam in God's hands,my lord,"answ took the prisoner,who was quite calm again. maybe arter thatHe was raisednp a deliver me—I caff cannot tell. But Iknow that if wills that I Bhould die,noman can save e ifHe and wills to saveme,nought cando harm. ? So Iam ready to answer any q t tions 1 thegentleman wishes." how "I propose," said the judge, "before God ciding this extraordinary point, to consu with bad the learned Becorder in the next co w AU it, rose as the jadge retired;and du hisabsence you I escaped the questions.whic y assailedme at from every side by burying self in a consultation withmy counsel.W I he heard "what the leader' knbwś,,W'io th' airof amanwhom notJungoould eve astonish again. m " a Si-lencel" cried the osher. The japg not, was returning. ong, ain. ' I have decided," said he, " to s31ow one, questions tobe pat as Mr. Bentley prop Lstthembe written outand submitted t or formy approval." isres I satdown and wrotemy questions, theywere passednp to the judge. As he them, helookedmore surprised than e hen But all he said, as hehanded "them into was, " Put the questions." neral Iwalked up to thedock and gave into the prisoner's hands, together with peak pencil.He readthem carefully through, bers and wrote his answers slowly and with et sideration. With the paper inmy hand got into the witness-boxand was sworn. Myevidenoe was to the effect' already ecided stated. As I described theman I hads ho nnder the lamp,"withmy face avertedb m- the prisonerand turned to the jary, Z that who they weremaking a careful compari ing, and that, alowing for the changewrough oape twelve years, theyfound that the descrip tallied closely with the man's appearance. ht " Iproduce this paper,on which I just wrote the certain questions, to which the priso be wrote the answersnndermy eyes. These d, the I questionsand answers: ard, "Question:Were yousmokingwhen y f cameup the ts the cornerof Hauraki-Btreet ing Answer: No. "Question : Did yoa afterwardssmoke?— Answer: a I hadno lights. gave " Question: Did you txy to get a light Answer: out Yea, by climbing alamp at t corner is but I was sot steady .enough,a Iremember I brokemy hat againBt the. o t bar. be. ridge Question:Where did you canry your p and is tobacco ?—Answer: Inmy bat. " Those answers," I concluded, 'f ate ab y- lutely correct in every particular. Them ad whom Isawnnder the Ump,.at eight o'c on any the nightof the murder,behaved as answers' indicate. That concludes the ev on dence I have feltbound to tender.'.'An in banded a the slip ot paper.to the nsher fo now spection by the juiy. ber " Prisoner," inquired the judge, "do nd call any other witness ? " and Ido not;my lord." gling " Then, gentlemen," said the judge, turn to rit the jury, "theoneremark that I s make-to id, yon is this—that if yoa believe iStory of of the "prisoner's witness, there can r littledoubt as bat that the prisoner was ner manwham the witness saw at the corn Haurató-Btreet at eight o'clockpn the ni in question; and if that was so, it is d on 1. X the caseof the proseoation, that he ca of havecommited this murder. I should n be ōn doingmy daty if I did not point o ns yoa that the witness m question is like toek queer say the—leasts to -be-without- bos "in " s prisoner's to favor,and that his evidenoe is lnksmp strongly corroborated inieid fey the prisone answers to the written questions'pat to ookface, Gentlemen,ryou will .-nosr. consniar yo verdict." - pa We -are agreed,my lord," said the man. roe d- "Gentlemen of the jury," sung outH clerk of arraigns, ™ ate yon all agreedn yonr verdict? " rash "Weaie." nmie " Notguiity." - "And that verdict is?" 1 more "Aml thatis the verdict of yoa ally in ōf ^•ItiŚ."-: ' There followed a burst of cheenng-whic red the ' nsher could > not eHeaoe, bat' w an sOenced iteelf as -the judge wasseen to ;- John Barflm—T:m ^MiWnl i everyman in this oourt Is thasbful— that your Ttrast in the-m&oy; ana pow ittte Ail-meicifal and 'All-pbwerial hu n i^ beenin vain. Sou ^tand acqnitted'of a'fol e erime by the unhesitating verdjStxA the andmost wonderful hasbeanyonr ddivera rou ill gofertha ⅇ man; jLnd iam glad ibink; the that '-.tłie;goodnessu>£ .God lun bestowBdon wed ononewho has xepentedofbigp iins, and whoisflotiikely.lhopeRndhettBve oeurt to be anmindfol -of that goodness Ime you-arptdischarged^" it * Had ie . been left toiimself, ! thłnk the mmsoneefcfold .master would łutts Chmbedfcto Sbe dock, with the mew ofpasonaHy cteave ing his servant out oil. ould But he was restrained™ stable, while John Hm ner for a short time to thcj tain was necessary;formalita ury release from custody.;^ en chargeof Mr. Slocum,! on vestibuleof the prison,"! ing the short walk toy ftaift weresoon na joinedby Ha esesof throat evenof a tough Ji with his master brongf r? myself. " Isaw themintof off to Mc. Slocom's bot an callonme next day, i him certain points as to »h better du ' • • eld As strange a partofmj|j yet toha told. Ihad har tle-. office and settleddown toi ce letters which-were aW'ifi t whenmy so late client (Harda k announced. I had lost » rs excitement which followed! as did a sot wait to learnwhel or that not, bnt rushed after ^ room.He wasashen whiti hat, and hiskneesshook so that be * thin stand; but his eves poaitivelv bla wrath. to Leaning overmy table,ha t rtain the presenceof the astonished j dge. pouruponme a floodofabuse and j a of witnd in league with the prisoner. • I was.ai..-^^™^ the foulest kind. Ihad sold hiu ling not thiefof a lawyer,whom .he -wouH^have.'sfe struck box, off the rolls<fcc until I really jthpnght } the hehadgone out of hismind will Assoon as I could get in a word, I aurfly explained ues- that it was no part of a lawyer^ ^t^ 's duty to try andhang amanwhomhe&BW; ~ d tobe if innocent. As he only replied wifittjabusive evi- language I orderedhim oat of tba y office. ainst The office quieted itself onoe}-"—^^ * - being far too busy,and also too well his tomedto eccentric people to hav6 'time;{fofc longwonderment ore at anything—aui.jnjBaj hour w I had finishedmy -work, and -was^n®^ r paring Tiis to leave forhome,when another.Tisi' tor in wasannounced—Inspector e " Wel, Mr. Forrester. whatYr the%ilBttBf| now? to I'm jast going off." •'-•Ą It " Sony if I put you outof the' way, ecause but I thought you'd like to hear what'fi-hap? pened. un- The prosecutor inHarden s aase ^tas: given himselfnp for themurder 1" ;.: ..• ••. wit hat "He jast has, sir. It's aqueer day. "What?"Isi outed is. he When I heard you getnp anfl give dence rse for theman you were prosecubngjthought curiosities was over for . queshat they ain't, and never will be. seems "How was it? " ered " Wel, became into the statsorLj " quiet, It andseemed a bit castA donn;- er that for was aD. Said fate was Against<3itQ. : He andbad saved theman htf thought vfe hang me; in his stead,and h* inew hp^id must me end, and couldn't - - ^ ues- I cautioned him. of coi Bleep on it before he de lt is, that the idea of mi g the old 1 make a statement he woulj all urt." for her money-had come flashwhen ring he saw that ] h hurting bis knife in the him, my- andpiekeLhia pool then hung^abont. the Ily. In after diaS. Then^ he r slips .the gentleman: made op his^jpimid i womanknewłnm s weU,solie' to leave her alive—gets > the the aasb,~ieM3 out. the All in gold it was. two Iraadrefl-j oses.' fifty pounds.When he .heard thot^&kr; ome couldn'tbe found, be got 'nneasy- m: mind, and hasbeen getting worse^ever 'sii and though he did welenough intxade wi% s money. read Seems he considered he wasn!tx ver. untilsomeone badbeen hanged. 8o:-vAaa ṟ -i= down, he recognised Harden, he was nattttally down" onhimat onoe,and was intensely- eager-to them gethimconvicted—which I aotiośd myself,' : my sir, asof course you did, and 4honght It qneer - too, I don't doubt.He took toomuch pains,- con- yonsee—hemustemploy you tomake oertun, , I insteadof leaving it to 4is whereas at he hadn'tcome to you, your evidence -wouldS never havebeen given, and I tomkyonll say - een nothing coold have saved the prisons » 1 om It was true enough. The wretdied -mttn>i had saw iasazed the failare of his owniendidi- it son, dffiign byemploying me.of all the solicitors*^ tby towhom he might havegone I ; tion I .learned next morning. iowHardeH- afta 1 t' trying in vain to light his p^memorable evening, hadwandered 'for hcrara -1 now ner through. the hard-hetrted streets onbl at daybreak are be bad found himselfin^ the^doete/Ąlooking at a large ship preparing to ir)>p j oa down the river with the tide.How%e h»d ? managed — to slip abroadonseen andlAMrluni self away in the hold, with -BOBifiTdea 1 A bettering his not over- bo^itfortmjifeB foreign parte.How he had(mppa^tod Ufń ?— in the hold with stray framner' " he cuit,which hehappened to hav nd pockets, ontil, after a day or two rossipe tor stowaways had o&esrthed; heating about against bafflmg mnds, they were out in mid-channel, 'tf": search How tile captain, siter givinghim pknfy-ól-; strong o- language and rope's-ernVhad^at lengthf an agreed to falowhim towork as a'sailor:%>njŚ ock board tbe vessel.Hewon landing -afgyd i hey the Jie badgone info the interior taken ser ? -vice i- with his presentmaster—under aaotStat? d name I than bit own, wishing toj&iBconne;& rin-, himself entirely with his former tife-HMidliy^ honestly^doing his/ duty had attained Insf present on position." By the lightofthus narrative that which | had puzzledme became perfectly ialear— 1 ing namdy,how it was that hełiad contriledTitff hall only to get so entirely lost iu qate of 'itiiS^Sn* the and cry after him, bat also -to leaanSsi be the. > igaorance of tiis aunf s fate —» I " My-;oUent-wab triady . <sonricte4,S«>a. ixe-^ er cuted of in^due coarse hiH^Oea'atig^l^ ; voluntaiyismrender ht having ear) the. cruel -and oowardiy attempt^to -MB^ii? nnot innocentman in his place -> < . 1 S ot .When I last saw John 'fiardent^gvwaij at mamed to to a serious lady, «ho beenMs ; ly, late to masters hoasekeeper.'&d;'was-.pojra^or' the -of a proaperous general•Bhop vm^a 'tSrib very village, stocked bymeans tf ^tóetimSSa r^ which Mr. Slocum bad genertma^^^^^ jp 