T0W2T TALK On examining the rains of a fire which occurred on Snnday last at tho Windsor (England) railway station, an infernal ma chine with a piece of fuse attached, which had been ignited, was discovered. No cine has been obtained as to the perpetrator. A lengthy meeting of the Town council was held last evening, and after an animated debate in connection with the payment of acconnts incurred in the public reception of the Governor, the amonnt of £355 WM passed.' • The general and bay markets and weighbridges," nnder the control of the council, were leased to Mr Opie at £4GS per annum for three- years. -_ Several lengthy telegrams. and pressure of advertisements compel us to hold over a report of the meeting. A li=>t of entries for the Geelong "Raping Cinb, and acceptances for the Win chelsea races, and other items, will be found oh the fourth page; Prior to the departure of the midday train for Melbourne yesterday afternoon, about a dozen chinamen assembled at the railway station to say farewell to one of their countrymen who was leaving to take part in a holiday excursion to the Plowery land. The" happy celestial was attired in holiday costnme, and his attendant country men, although admiring the gaiety, looked as if they envied the success of the one about to undertake the sea trip to China. Each of the chinamen had presents to send their friends in China, and these consisted of letters containing money, the coin being chiefly sovereigns. The business was left to the last moment, and the returning visitor to Mongolian territory was perfectly be sieged by the Chinese requests for the con veyance of the presents,:which with loose money were hurriedly deposited in a canvas hag. The scene was a particularly animated one, and the unlimited confidence displayed by the Chinamen in the honesty of their friend created some wonderment in the minds of many of the onlookers of a different race. Up to the present rime the holiday excursion traffic on the railway lines has not been so heavy as it was anticipated it wonld have been. The cause no donbt of the slackness is - attributable to the unsettled state of the weather. Still a very fair number of holiday makers have already arrived in this town and district by railway and steamer, the facilities for cheap and easy traffic, which is now afforded, evidently inducing people at a distance to make then way to this part of the colony. 6 Packet licensesjwere granted to" the masters of the s.s. Excelsior and the e.e. Alert by Mr Heron, P.M., at the Police Conrt yesterday morning. Mr Heron,iP.M., in his capacity as licen sing stipendiary magistrate, granted yester day morning an application made by Mr John Davison, landlord of the premises known as the Black Ball Hotel, Malop street, for a special transfer of the license of that hostelry to F. Wolkenhaner. The application was made under the 4Sth section of the licensing Statute, the former licensee of the hotel having been evicted, and tbe transferred license will expire at the end of the year, so that it will be necessary for the new licensee to obtain a renewal at the adjourned sitting of the licensing Bench on the 29th inat. _At tne i'olice uonrt yesterday William i Gil est,Inspector of Excise, proceeded against Kate Sweeney, of the "Victory Hotel. James street, under the 4th section of the Trade Marks' Statute, for having placed inferior brandy in a Hennessey bottle, and also for having exposed it for sale. Mr Why to appeared to p-osecute ■ id th ^defendant/who .was undefended, pleaded not guilty. Wil liam Guest deposed—I produce a registration of Hennessy's and Co's cognac. On the 12th inst I visited the defendant's hotel and found the Hennessy bottle containing an inferior brandy (produced)". The brandy is abont degrees underproof. The barmaid said the liqnor had been diluted with water for sale at the agricultural show. Mrs Sweeney subsequently came downstairs, and abont two hours afterwards she visited my place and asked me to withdraw the prose cation, as she had been ill and had been advised hv a medical man to drink brandy and water. Mr Whyte stated that the defendant was not represented by counsel, asked permission to lay her case before the bench. The inspector demurred, bat the bench consented to hear Mr Whyte. That gentleman then produced m medical certificate to the effect that Mrs Sweeney had been or dered brandy and water towards the end of November, and a written state, ment from her alleging that the bottle (pro duced) had been removed in mistake from her bedroom. He called a barmaid, who deposed that she had taken the bottle from Mr8.Swe6nev*s bedroom and placed it in the bar, not being aware that the defendant had pnt water in the spirits. The bench, after a short consultation, decided that the case had been proved, but agreed to give the defen. dant the benefit of the donbt, and inflicted the light penalty of £1, with £2 2s costs Mr Heron, in reply to Mr Whyte, intimated that his brother magistrates agreed with him in the opinion that he (Mr Whyte) had mdy dealt fairly with the defendant by giving her explanation of the offence in foil. The second charge was withdrawn. A young man named John Binmore, on remand on a charge of lunacy, was faronght up at the Police Court yesterday morning. X)r. Pincott gave evidence to the effect that the patient was imbecile, but, before X>r. Bbbinson, who was also in attendance^ could be called, the father, Thomas Binmore, jstated that he desired his son's discharge, and, as he promised to look carefully after him, the bench granted his request. Mr Heron. P.M., and Messrs Davey and Donagby. Js.p.. were the magistrates in attendance at the Police Court yesterday morning. John and Elisabeth CritOD, married conple, hailing from tjis metropolis, who had been on remand for a week for having been drunk and disorderly in Sonth fieekrng, were discharged with a caution. An elderly man named Phillip linker, who in nutrition to sowing agricultural seed on weekdays endeavors to plant spiritual seed in the souls of the ungodly on Sundays, was charged at the Police Court yesterday with having been guilty of insulting behavior on the previous afternoon ontside the Salvation Army barracks, in Malop-street. Constable Canlfield deposed that linker had created a considerable disturbance near the barracks, describing that establishment as a "house of hell," and quoting scripture in condemnation of the army and its practices. He was compelled to arrest Luker, who violently bat nnavailingly resisted removal to durance vile. When linker entered the dock he flourished a bible over his head and, with his eyes fixed on the ceiling, exclaimed " In the came of the Father, and of the Son. end of the Holy Ghost." Whilst the constable waa giving his evidence Luker continually accused him of telling lies and quoted from the bible in a most incoherent fashion. Mr Heron had at length to peremptorily stop him, and he was discharged with a severe antion. Daring the. a hole of yesterday heavy showers of rain fell in the town and suburbs. The showers which appeared to prevail in the country to the westward were of short duration, and the stormy wind which was blowing quickly dried np the moisture: In the forenoon the air wa3 very cold for this time oftheyear; Witn the view of expediting the.delivery of grain daring the wheat season, the railway department are now having a red gam plat form constructed in the yard at the Geelong station between the eDtraDce to the parcels office and the goods shed. The platform is to be ased for the storage of the grain, and permitting of the quick return of the railway trucks to the grain producing districts. Under the .circumstances shippers will run the risk of the grain getting damaged hy the inclement weather, unless they so arrange for the prompt discharge of the tracks at the ship's side, and thus prevent any delaju ■The Clerk of Petty Sessions desires to acknowledge, through onr columns, the receipt of £2 for the Police Court poor box from Mr Joseph Mack, of Berrybank, Lis more, ns a Christmas donation. He trusts other people in well to do circnmstances will, at;this festive season, remember that " the poor wa have always with ub." Xiast evening a ivoman named Susannah Holmes was given into th9 custody of Constable Croucher, on a charge of having behaved in an insnlting manner in James street A week since, she was in custody for a similar offence, and when brought before the Police Court, her husband paid the fine of ten shillings which was inflicted by the magistrates. Mis Holmes however proceeded to James street last evening, and again annoyed her husband who has a shop there, and he was compelled to give her into the custody of the police. A book agent named William Thomas, of Moorabool-street, was arrested on warrant last evening by Constable tSreen, on a charge of having embezzled the sum of six shillings, belonging to Thomas Cook, on the 31st March last. Recently a police court summons case, in which the two persons named were interested, was dealt with, and now it is alleged that Mr Thomas has not accounted for money collected when acting as a servant for Mr Cook. The prisoner was at onee admitted to bail by Mr Reeves, J.P, The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday;—Lottie Bennett, aged 25, for an injury to one of her wrists ; "Elizabeth Archer, aged 22, for the removal of a piece of a needle from her left hand ; Edward Mockridge, aged 55, for a laceration of one of his hands ; and Thomas Wilson, ! aged nine, for a scalp wound. The Mopoke section of the Xorick Club held its final convivial meeting prior to going into recess last night. Chief Mopoke Tally presided, and abont 30 birds assembled in the " nest." Songs, sentimental and comic, were contributed by Messrs Fox, Taylor, Edwards, Naples, Molomby, Blrdsey, Steedman -°(2),' ReMy and Ryan ; Mr H. Steedman played flute solo; and recitations were given by Messrs Reilly and Byrne. A cordial farewell was, on the invitation of the president, seconded by Mr Speed, tendered to tbe Messrs Lennon, senr. and junr., (on tbe eve of their depaitnre for Stawell), and their healths were drunk with mnsical honors. The section, at the close of the meeting, went into recess until the 20th prox., when a new session will he inaugurated with a ; ladies' night It is thought that a3 the Victorian govern mcnt have considerably reduced tbe rates for the carriage of wheat, South Australia will have to make.a corresponding reduction, or else the Victorian railways will compete keenly with the Kingston line for carriage of cereals in the North-west Whnmera. A frightful accident happened at Wandili gong on Saturday. A young man named Philip Martin was felling a tree, when by some means or other he got under it whilst it wa3 falling and was completely crushed. The body found on Saturday on the Brighton beach has been identified as that of one of the two yonng men Browne, who, together with a man named Mnrray, leit Sandridge in the yacht Iolanthe on the 13th inst., and did not return. Three young ladies went to bathe in the Hunter river at Singleton, N.S.W., on Saturday. Miss Amy Grainer and Miss Austin, daughter of the Rev J. Austin, Wesleyan minister, were drowned. The third was rescued, but is not expected to recover. We (AgeJ have received the following telegram from Mr Service, with reference to the reported annexation by Germany of a portion of New Guinea, dated Sorrento, 21st December ;—" I cabled our Agent General yesterday strongly protesting against re ported action of Germany, and have received the following reply :—' Seen Herbert ; read your telegram. Government in communica tion with Germany, who are regarded as pledged against any steps, at least in Guinea. Newspapers to-day state German embassy have received official intelligence from Berlin declaring report quite unfounded.'— Jas. Service," 