THE EXPO§ftR#5tlir VIENNA. ' ; TO THE EDITOR.' ' t Sir— The plot of mbri8e:trapping a cele brated medinm, with His Imperial Highness the Crown Prince of Austria at the head, must have struck if not surmised the new student of modern psychology m his pursuit of what he believes a most— if not all— im- portant revelation of occult forces. Having by my vast experiences interested many advanced minds who raise themselves above the bombast of beer or coffee table philosophy and twaddle, I beg once more your permission to allude to the subject in general, bnt par ticularly to the Vienna scandal— the latter for the instruction of the enquirers who have felt already their unbiassed reason incline towaids a great truth which carries the solu tion of many perplexing riddles in life within its enf oldment ; the former for all readers who care, from seln'sh or religious point of view and action, whether the fast-spreading dangerous doctrine of annihilation of the ' I' at death (and with it responsibilities of past life) shall guide the human race in their individual or collective designs, or whether the very root of Christ's teachings and sublime seership, the immor tality of the soul, shall emerge from the cloudy envelopment of faith into the com manding and warming splendour of absolute knowledge. The ways of the Lord are mys terious and incomprehensible for mortals on this planet. Let us not be bewildered, or, worse, be distracted from searching by unto ward, maybe repulsive outside appearances, for we know that a beautiful and loving design in nature heralds its approach often by an ugly _ break through the crust of fashion or habitual reasoning. Only shallow minds recoil from study 'of a growth by di- tasteful incidents in its course. Only shortsighted, ignorant, wonld-be observers, will, for instance, scorn and ridicale the work of the Salvation Army on account of the excesses and chosen means of their prac tical officers, like the troubled host may curse the general or the cause of a war, on account of the conduct of soldiers he shelters. To those who accept the Vienna farce as sufficient to condemn the whole thing I may say that if thia case would indeed prove as a bona-fide fraud it would only add one more instance to the well- recognised fact that everywhere and in every department of mental and material enterprises there are impositions siding with the genuine without exception. 'Beware of imitations,' is the faithful constant appendix to every new discovery advertised. Imitation of nature by painting goes far indeed, and often requires the sense of touch to convince us of ita origin. Likewise some of the startling phenomena have been cleverly imitated, even to the confusion of the ex perienced; but, strange to Bayt when the most important facts are explained by the theory of fraud and the demand is made to reproduce them then and there the experts take to their hats and are off, whereas a ' sham' can be repeated. Now, in the most perplexing of spiritual manifestations the 'materialization,' or temporary incarnation, of a spirit under test conditions, imitations are well-nigh impossible, andthe 'exposure' on that score is of course the ambition of the enlightened fraud adventurers. The forms which appear are not direct visi tations from spirit-land, but 'built- up' or developed from the earthly elements of and in the circle, the medium supplying chiefly the material tor the apparition, as has been shown by dimi nution of hiB or her weight corresponding with the solidity of the 'ghost.' Conse quently, between medinm and form exists a material connection, and violent meddling with the process of materialization results in dangers for the medium. Or the supposed spirit is the transfigured medium in person, but so changed as to represent another being, different in sex or size so strikingly as to defy all notion of actual personating. If such a form is exactly of the figure of the medium, then the spy for fraud has a chance to catch a clear appearance of deception. But if the veritable separate form detached from the medium is grasped with determina tion it either quickly dissolves or a cloud of darkness covers the mysterious operation of finding the medium in place of the ghost even if the latter represents a child against the giant size of the medium. The idea of fraud clinging naturally to the last resource of imagination is utterly defeated, however, if two or more forms mount the scene at the same time, not as phantoms, but as tangible living creatures, as frequently recorded and experienced by me in my room with hosts of witnesses of acute observation. Since these beings of strange make, which I term^ temporary reincarnations of spirits, who identify often their past existence on earth by leaving their fac-simile on the spot, have been photographed or moulds been taken from their hands, the atraurd notion of illuBion or imagination must be left to those who are at home in fable-land, for I hold that the glassplate or wax does not share in a nervous nyateric twitch or dream of the hallucinated observer. It is worthy of note that the intervals of 'catching' or ex posures get considerably wider, though fiercer in desperate attempts of which that affair in Vienna will probably be one of the last. At all events, its strict and complete critic and analysis will stamp it as a most valuable lift towards a clearer view of real exposure cases, which of course cannot affect tho3e results which are established as unattackable and are quite sufficient to form a basiB of a discovery, a science which may prove as the light of the coming age. In the present close battle between animal ism and idealism, matter and spirit, or Hying for self only and progress of truth, the Biblt reading controversy is characteristic as being in concord with my intention to contribute to the good by my experiences. I .believe if a simple word is added to the question, namely, discreet or selected Bible-reading, and for different ages in the schools, the vast sympathies in favour would soon silence the objectors. If a careful sifting of the books and chapters of the Scriptures would pass through the approval of all people interested in a sound moral and religious seed in the youth, then the objection to its introduction would eclipse the barbarism of the most corrupted human race ; and I be lieve even now, the positive absolute op ponents to Bible-reading are only those who never studied the Book themselves fairly, or dislike the sublime examples of pure religious life when the present age js held against these lights. Id judging opinions and views on all important subjects, the personal bia3 of the exponents are too often cunningly con cealed in choice language ; but it is a cheering sign to find the Scriptures again drawing the attention of better-disposed minds, and the study of the Book of books will throw a new light on phenomena which now cause contro versiea and violent persecutions all over the globe. Journalism in Germany finds a ready weapon against a revelation which might (even if indirectly) greatly advance the progress of Christianity by a certain set of Jews who got a sway over dailies in certain districts, and who cover their void of personal expe riences and reasonable argument by catching impudent language, well knowing that as yet only a small minority, led by unfearing leadera, is in possession of actual experience, as only— and this should bs well noted— those who are totally ignorant of the results of eminent scientists m this strange V force' can dare, when an audience seems fit for the occasion, to confront patient thorough investigation by renowned men with vile abuse, the usual final outcome of inability of strict logical discussion. As the discovery of an imposture has often resulted in a severer test of the 'genuine,' the progress of a grand truth may have better chance in the now more spreading 'private circleB,' under guidance 01 impartial scientific enquirers. Therefore, to those readers who trust with the same liberality of confidence in other people's abilities and experiences as in their own, the Vienna affair is simply a 'blunder,' and affects not the truth. I am, Sir, &c;, C. REIMERS. 