K a t e , €tt. ROSE PARNELL. THE FLOWER OF AVONDALE. CHAPTER XXIV. THE SOWJAETH AND THE PEDLAB—PLATING AT OBOBB FDBPOBBS—THH SOOGABTH SETTING A SBAP TO OATOH HTW8ELF. THB soggarth was highly delighted at the re mit of theinterview with the pedlar. ' Surely Providence must have thrown that numBknll in my way to oarry out my designs,' he chuckled to himself. ' It was amusing to se how I played the fellow—just as a skilfu angler would hook a trout. He is just my man; bis blind hatred to Garret Byrnes will urge him to do anything. Garret ruined his sweetheart, and by that act sealed his own fate, thus justifying the adage that, as we BOW, so shall we reap. Here is a olear oase for retribution. Mr. Garret Byrnes wins the affections of a trasting, innocent girl; he betrays and deserts her, and she dies of a broken heart or something else. She has an honeBt lover in this rude pedlar. He is bound to have revenge. So far, so good. ' Now, a certain colonel loves a beautiful young heiress, of Avondale, and she takes it into her head to form a romantic attachment for an over-gallant young gentleman. The soldier of mud- oabin battles is anxious to get rid of his rival, and will pay handsomely for the pleasure of bis disappearance. I am willing to help all parties at a good price, and therefore I feel that Providenoe has thrown this simple pedlar in my way in order to punish the guilty.' Walsher returned to Bid Doolan's in the best possible humour, and, after having partaken of a hearty breakfast, he confided his plans to his companion in crime. ' It is a dangerous game to play,' replied Whiteley. ' Yes, Bob, I agree with you, but, to use your favourite author, " From the nettle, danger, we'll pluck the flower, Bafety." ' ' Well, and if you snooeed, what then ?' • I will bleed Gowan handsomely for the job, and then betake myself to pastures new.' ' How are you going to deal with me ?' ' That will be arranged to your satisfaction; we will then betake ourselves to Dablin to see how our saintly friend-, who neither believes in God or devil, gets along.' ' You mean LaSay ?' ' Certainly; thore is only one Laflay on earth; if Nature made any more such foul exoreeoenoeB on humanity they are gone there!' (By way of explanation he pointed his finger downward.) Whiteley merely shrugged his shoulders and, with a sickly smile, replied: ' I'm afraid that we are all running on the same track, and will wind up at the same station.' ' Well, there is no use in whining over it; one thing is certain, that there is no getting along in this world without money ; and as this life is pleasant enough, and we knowBO little abont the future, all I say is, vivamus dum vivimus.' The soggarth was restless and fidgety while awaiting the return of the pedlar, and when he saw the pedlar coming over the hills with his paok on his back he was so impatient that he went to meet him. The pedlar was bumming a tune as he came op to him, and, throwing down his pack, he wiped the perspiration from fais brow with the sleeve of his ooat. ' Well how did you snooeed, O'Toole?' qnened the other impatiently. . ' Musha ! begor, if the Ould Boy had us in tends we couldn't have better luck.' 'You don't say so. Did you see her P' f alfc b ! in troth I did, and, sure, it is I that tonld her the purty story about that deceiver Garret Byrnes.' ' Did she balieve it ?' 'Troth, then, she did, and when I painted him as black as iv a ooat of pitch was lathered to him she says : " What a fool I ™ b f taken in b y suoh a low profligate!" 8 true, miss,' says I, ' and, sure, there is that brave, loyaiman Colonel Gowan flying in love with you.' M- J 1 f l ft r nofc " sbe replied ; "I have been .« £ nd . hsv6 Seated him rudely of late." •tie is a gentleman, miss, and loves the very gronnd you walk upon ; and I'm sure u you were to send him some token that he wooldbe only too glad to forget the past." 1 Wish you spoke the truth," she said, witn a sigh. na c ^JLi •Oidygivejnethat 7 B ; . - nandkerohief handkerohief in your purty hand • 1 8aid, « and I bet you he'fi be »t your feet before to-morrow night.' 1 in •n an 7. eager 9 P™ tone. ifc to y° u r ssked the other out the dainty cambric before his eyes. s h J L ! 4 ¥ e iB luok y»' exclaimed Wal- «her as he carefully examined the monogram ^kerchief. «tt% hfc skin W ?P' fc Gowan jump out J 'T &u; nd pa 7 wel1 tor «to boot ! r h «th« .tftei'r e '» P^,' replied' the I "rtJ my revenge/ * Me we& h S U have A, m y how «T A • jnanag® now ?' J oaT Pkoe that I'd aTatowf ? andk «»Mef to Garret Byrnes aeji J?® come from Mi^W iffi'HL^ e n .ra go to Gowan and tell 6 X ^ d t h f f i a m e n to sur-, money into the pedlar's hand, he returned to acquaint Whiteley with his good fortune, and to inform him that he was going direct to Ballymanus. The pedlar just dropped in to have a good horn of Mrs. Doolan's mountain dew, and then went his way rejoicing. ' I think,' he muttered to himself,' there will be two spies less to curse God's earth to-morrow night. I will leave my paok in Crazy Nell's cabin, and then give the signal for Dwyerto join me, so that we oan plan together.' ' I knew that Providence was watching over me!' muttered the soggarth, as he sped across the hills. ' I'm near my reward at last.' It was a beautiful evening towards the end of May. The air was balmy with the incense of flowers, and the blackbird and thrush were warbling their notes from grove and tbioket. Rory Oge, tbouph used to such rural scenes, oould not help listening to the birds and viewing with delight the rich landscape that lay spread in the valley beneath him. ' It is a lovely scene,' he exclaimed, as he sat down in shelter of a mountain boulder and cast his eyes on the panorama of green fields, leafy woods, sparkling stream?, and cheerful-looking homesteads. Poor Rory sighed, though, as his eyes rested upon many a blaokened roof whioh the yeoB had left as marks of their ravages. He sighed as he flung his paok over his shoulders and resumed his journey. AB he oame in sight of Crazy Nell's cottage he stopped short, for he had seen a dozen yeomen ride up to it. 1 Some more devilment, I'm afraid,' he muttered. ' I'd better hide myself, though, for it may not be safe to fall into their hands just now.' Rory hid his paok among the rocks, and, under shelter of some trees that skirted the road, stole near enough to see that the horsemen were a squad of yeomen cavalry under Sergeant Jasper, and that they had set fire to the cabin. The cries and soreams of the wretched woman imprisoned inside made the blood curdle in his veins, and as soon aB it had died away the yeomen, as if anxious to get out of sight of their horrible work, dashed off at a gallop. Rory rushed up to the burning mass, and, having seized a pitohfork, be flung the fiery peat aside, in order to resoue the poor woman's remains. When he had done this without discovering anything, he began to hope that she was not in the cabin when set fire to ; but then the terrible screeches—where did they come from? While pondering on the situation he heard moans, and, looking closer, saw a burning door as if leaning against the mountain-side. This he flung aside, revealing a oave, from which the cries of distress prooeeded. Into this he dashed, though almost stifled with the smoke. He struck against something soft, and, stooping down and examining it, he found that it was the body of Crazy Nell. He took her up in his strong arms and soon laid her beside the stream, where he sprinkled her face with water. As she was only partly suffocated by the smoke, she soon recovered, and was able, in her incoherent way, to give him the particulars. It appears that after the murder of her two hoys the wretohed woman took it into her head that they were only - hiding from the yeos, and night and day did she labour to excavate this oave in order to ooDCeal them in it. When Sergeant Jasper and his party set her wretched abode on fire she fled into the cave with shrieks of terror, and thus escaped being roasted to death. It was evening when Walsher reached Ballymanns. Garret, who was anxiously expecting his arrival, met him on the lawn, and saluted him in the most cordial manner. ' I'm so glad to see Mr. Garret,' replied the other, as he rubbed his hands with unctuous glee. ' Glad to see you, Mr. Garret, and whisper, are we all alone, Mr, Garret?' Perfectly so, Mr. Walsher.' Glad to hear it, for I have good news for you. Good news, Mr. Garret.' 'What iB it, sir V ' Do you see that handkerohief V 'I do, Mr. Walsher.' 'Try and read these, and then tell me where it oame from.' 'These certainly are Mias Parnell's initials, Mr. Walsher, and that is her handkerchief, for I have seen it with her myself.' ' Very good, Mr. Byrnes. Now, supposing a lady says to me," There is a certain gentleman I want to see, and, as I can trust you, would you bring him a message from me?" ' 'Well?' 'And supposing I say, "Yes, miss," and that she gave me this handkerchief as a sign, what would you think ' What are you drifting at ? Speak plainly, Mr. Walsher." .' Well, sir, to come to the point, Miss Parneli sent this handkerohief as a token that she wants to see you.' ' Are you speaking the truth?' gasped Garret, with well-feigned delight. 'True as gospel, Mr. Garret; she^ave me this, and says she to me, " Show him this, and tell him to meet me about nine o'clock to-morrow night at the lodge. AB my father is in Dublin, I and Norah can slip down there.'" " Oh! the sweet girl; how loving, how good of her. 1 " Tou may well call her sweet, Mr. Byrnes. She is an angel.' - 'This is happiness indeed, Mr. Walsher. Had I known that you wen acquainted with her I could have sent messages by you be- ' That's so, Mr. Garret. I became acquainted with her in a singular way. I heard that a poor man who was one of us, Mr. Garret, lay ill of fever, and no one would attend him for fear of oatching the disease. I ventured in to give him a drink and some nourishment. While I was there, Mr. Garret, would yoa believe it, but that sweet girl herself entered with a basket of wine and oranges on her arm. I thought she was an angel, there was so much pity and charity in her face. She thought I was a priest that was administering the rites of the holy Churohto the dying man ; so she was going to withdraw, when I said : '"Pardon me, miss; I hope that my presence here will not deter you from your good work." ' Sbe seemed confused, and replied: '" I'm afraid I'm intruding, reverend sir, upon your holy office. I merely came to give the poor sick man some refreshments." ' " Allow me to help you," I said, as I went over to her and introduced myself. We then gave him some cool drink, and she washed his face and hands with some sweetscented water. ' She then told me that she had hired a nurse who would be soon there. I saw her home, and thus you see, Mr. Byrnes, how I became acquainted with that lovely creature who is justly called " The Flower of Avondale." ' ' It was really a romantic meeting,' replied Garret, ' both fulfilling the precept of mercy and love; but then good works bring together faithful children of our Lord.' ' What a pity that sbe is not a Catholic, Mr. Byrnes ! But then I'm sure you'll make one of her. She would be an ornament to the Church.' 'Yes, to any ohurcb, sir; for if virtue, purity, an abiding faith in God, hope in a blessed future, and charity to mankind are the essential qualities of Catholicity, she is a true one indeed!' ' Yes, true enough, sir ; but then she does not belong to our Church, you know, and St. Paul says—' ' Pardon me, Mr. Walsher, I'm a poor theologian, indeed, and I never like to get into polemical discussions, particularly with one so versed in theology as you.' ' But you studied theology, sir, for I understand you were eduoated for the priesthood.' ' Even so, I am now an humble follower and not a teacher; so, with your consent, We'll drop religion and turn to other matters.' ' At your pleasure, Mr. ByrneB,' replied the other in a submissive tone. ' What hour did you say she'll be there ?' 'About eight, or between that and nine o'clook, for certain.' ' I shall meet the dear girl, and oh ! how the time will hang heavily on my hands until then!' ' She'll be so glad; the lovely girl seems fretting herself into the grave. How she hates that scoundrel Hunter Gowan !' Indeed, he is a double-distilled villain. Mr. Walsher; and yet I think there are worse men even than him.' 'Worse men! Where would you find them, I should like to know ?' Garret Byrnes only shrugged his shoulders, for he was not then in a position to say to Mr. Walsher: ' Thou art the man.' ' Well, good evening, Mr. Byrnes; I will see her to-night, for she will sleep the better to know that I have seen you, and that she will meet you so .soon.' ' I thought you would remain and have supper with ns, Mr. Walsher ?' ' Thanks ! good sir, but I will not be long orossing the lulls, and good news will procure me a good supper at Parneli Hall.' ' Well, give her my love, and tell her I'll be there about eight o'clock.' ' I shall, sir; good-evening, again.' ' Good-evening; but isn't that handkerohief for me?' ' Well, yes, sir; but then she desired me to bring it back so that she could kiss it out of your hands, and she will give it to you tomorrow night herself.' ' It will be more prized on that aooonnt; so, good-bye.' CHAPTER XXV. VILLAINS nr aormoih—KILLED BY A BLOOD HOUND—THE PLOT—OATTOHT IN THEIR OWN TEAT—DEATH OF TASPEB AND HBHPENSTALL. WHEN the soggarth left Garret Byrnes he at first took the road leading to Parneli Hall, but as soon as he got clear of the bouse he ohanged his course and strack out for Hollyford. As the evening was fine and cool, he reached there in good time. As soon as Colonel Gowan heard of his arrival he ordered him op to the parlonr. The oolonel sat at a table, with glassealand bottles before him. Beside him sat Lientenant Hempenstall, while at the end bf the table sat Sergeant JaBper. The three men were laughing as the soggarth, with a meek air, entered the room. ' ' Welcome, my friend!' exclaimed Colonel Gowan. 'Be seated. Here, John, place' a glass before his reverence. I believe yon are a priest, Mr. Walsher P' ' I was onoe, but I gave up the trade,' replied the other, with a sardonic grin. 'I,see, Mr. Walsher, wine and women often spoiled pious intentions before. But, any news?' 'Yes, colonel, something of importance, too; but I wiBh to reserve it for yoOr ! private ear.' ' i ' 0 pBhaw! thege (are my friends; let as have it out, man.' i < - 4 Would rather, not, Jcolonel; good news; like old wi&e;, is theiteifter for keeping; flo > I'll try some of your brandy while these gentlemen enjoy their story.' ' Oh ! it was nothing; the lieutenant was just telling us a laughable story about a rebel he choked to-day, and the sergeant was just relating how he burned Crazy Nell's cabin over her head, and baked her in the ashes; so you see Fm rid of one pest. Now for the other.' • He has his nose in the halter, colonel.' ' You don't say so. It will be three hundred guineas in your pocket if you oage him.' ' The money is earned then, colonel.' 'How? Tell it all; the lieutenant and Sergeant Jasper know all my secrets, so let us hear the good news.' Walsher, having drank another glass of brandy, turning to the oolonel, Baid: ' Colonel, if I tell you when the rising is to take place, who are the leaders, and plaoe one of them, Garret Byrnes, in your possessing to-morrow night, what will bo my reward ?' ' I told you three hundred gnineas.' ' It must be more, colonel; it must be, in addition, a promise of a pension for life of at least one hundred pounds a year.' 'That's a hard bargain, Mr. Walsher, and, one which I have not the ,power to make.' ' Then it's no bargain, colonel.' ' Well, I'll tell you what I'll do. As soon as Garret Byrnes is in my possession I'll pay you down the three hundred pounds and give you a written claim' on the Government for the pension.' 4 Will you give me writing jto that effect, signed by these gentlemen as witnesses? Then I will tell you all.' After some higgling the contraot was drawn up and signed; and, after Walsher had oarefully stowed it away in his pocket, he entered into minute details of the meeting in the cave and of the trap he had laid for Garret Byrnes. As he had finished Colonel Gowan shook his hand warmly, and said that his information was invaluable. ' What steps will we take to bag our game, oolonel ?' asked Sergeant Jasper. _ 1 It's the easiest thing in the world. What time is he to be there ?' he asked, turning to Walsher. ' About eight,' was the reply. ' He will he so impatient that he will be punctual.' 1 Yes, and sure to wait for her—or rather us,' replied the colonel. ' Well, let me see ; you, lieutenant, and the sergeant, and, say, a dozen men, make a circuit around the village and sweep down on the lodge. Do not Burround the house until about half-past eight; by that time you will be sure to find him there in the utmost suspense awaiting Miss Parneli, and little dreaming of the kind of visitors he is going to have. In the meantime I and the rest of the men will make a circuitous route for Parneli Hall. When oaptnred, just bring him up, and I will teach him how to oross my path in love or war.' ' All right, colonel,' replied the lieutenant. But what are we to do with our clerioal friend in the meantime ?' ' I think the best thing he oould do is to remain here, and on our return I will pay him the money agreed upon in our oontraot.' The whole programme being thus arranged, the party partook freely of the brandy while narrating their adventures with the rebels, whioh elicited much laughter. ' In all my experience,' said the sergeant, ' and I have seen some tough old rebels die hard, I never heard anything to equal the harrowing shrieks of that wretched creature Crazy Nell, as Bhe roasted alive in the ruins of her burning cabin.' ' Drop talking about the wretoh. She is now out of pain, whioh is a blessing. One gone to-day, another follows to- morrowthings are working well. My enemies will be all soon at rest and I at peace.' ' Hush 1 What is that ?' exolaimed the Bergeant, as a wild, unearthly wail broke on the stillness of the night. They listened a moment, but the"sad cry became more olear and fearful. Sergeant Jasper trembled, and looked as pale as a speotre, as he whispered under his teeth: ' It's the ghost of Crazy Nell!' ' Nonsense!' replied Oolonel Gowan. ' Are you sore she was burned, man ?' ' I'd swear it!' replied the sergeant. The terrible caoine had something unearthly in it. The blood chilled in their bones as they listened to it. • What do you think of it, Mr. Walsher"?' asked the oolonel, turning to that worthy. 'Think of it?' Why, that the woman somehow esoaped death, and is making her nsual rdunds. Come, let us go ont and see.' The party rose up and went out into 'the lawn, while the sergeant trembled from head to foot, and the {cold sweat stood in beads upon his forehead. In the pale moonUght they could see the figure of .a woman gliding along a narrow road that led to the cemetery, while a low moan, which sonjetxmes rose to a piercing shriekj chilled them with terror. ' ' it's Crazy Nelljberself,' SBid the soggarth. ' It's herj^hoBt^ tnuttfered Sergeaat Jasper, with chattering teeth.- ' . ' ' * We'll soon sOe,' exolaiined'GoW el Gowan, as, turning to one of the affrighted servants, he sternly said: ' Unloose thebloodhound.' Soon the ;fieroe hrnte came,< chopping its lips, ap to its master's side. r ,. n t (To be continued ) SKINNY STEN.—"Wells' I restore health' and ; ctu impotencejdebility.tlK)^ Mo& &O0.f;£ " ' '* — ' toei-s < ci ©J i& iii 