FOXGLOVE MANOR.' A New Novel 13 Y ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author or "(ion asp tub Ma.v," " The Shadow of the Sword," "Love Me foe -Ever. " &c.; Chaptf.h XVI. — At the Opera. On arriving in London, Georgo Haldane was driven straight to the house of an old friend at Chelsea, where ho always stayed during his visits to the metropolis. This friend was Lovell Rlakistnn, as ec cu rie a bein-r iu his own way as Haldane himself was in his. He had been, since boyhood, in the India Office, where ho still put in an appearance several 1 hours a day, aud whence lie still drew a large income, with tho immediate right to a retiring pension whenever lie chose to take it. He wasp, great student, especially of the pagan . poets and philosophers ; and the greater , pert of his days and nights were spent in his old-fashioned library, opening with folding ! doors on to a quiet lawn, which led in its turn to tho very river side. He bad two pet aver sions — modern progress, in the shape of rail roads; electricity, geology ; all the new . business of scienco and modern religion, especially iu its connection with Christian : theology. He was, in short, a pagan pnro and j simple, fond of old books, old wine, old medi tations, and old gods. However ho might I differ with Haldauc on such subjects as the | nebular hypothesis, which ho iiatod with all ; Ids heart, he agreed with him sufficiently on I thesubjcct of Christianity. Roth had a cordial ; dislike for church ceremonies aud church , bells. J The two gentlemen bad another faste in | common. This was tho opera, which both ; enjoyed hugely, though Blakistoia nover | ceased to regret tile disappearance of that old | operatic institution, tho ballet,' which, like a i rich dessert wine, used to bring the feast of music, to a delightfully sensuous conclusion. Haldane was too young a man to remembc»- sucli visions of loneliness as Ccrito, whom his j old friend had often gono to see iu company with Home Tooke. j So it happened that two or three days after I his arrival, Haldane accompauied his host to 1 the opera house, where i'atti was to appear in Traviata. | Seated comfortably in tho stalls, he was | glancing quietly round the houso between the ! acts, when his attention was attracted to a face in one of tho privato boxes. A pale,. | Madonna like, yet girlish face, set in golden hair, with soft blue eyes, and an expression so forlorn, so avistfui, so ill at ease, that it was almost painful to behold. Haldane started in surprise, " What is the inntter V" said his friend. Havo yon recognised anybody "I am not certain," roturned Haldane, raising bis opera glass and surveying tbo face- through thom. Then, after a long look, ho added, as if to himsolf, "I am almost suro it is the same," " Do you moau that young lady in black,, seated in the second tier ?" " Yes. Oblige 1110 by looking nt her, and tell me what you think of her." Wakistun raisod his opera glass, and took a. long look. " Well ?" asked Haldane. " She reminds mo of one of yonr detestable pre-Rapliaelistic drawings, slioekbeaded and vacuous. Sho i3 pretty, I grant you, but she has no expression," " I should say, on fho contrary, a very marked expression of deep pain." " Tight lacing," grunted Blakiston. " Your modern women have no shape, siuco- Cerite," Here Haldano rose from his seat. Looking up again, he had met the young l/dy's eyes, and had perceived at once that Bho recognised him. " I am going to speak to her," ho explained,. " She is a neighbor of ours, and a friend of my wife." Ho mndo his way to the second tier, and- finding tho door of the box upon, ho looked in, and saw the person ho sought, seated in com pany with an elderly lady and a young man. " Miss Dove !" ho said, advancing "into tho box. "Although wo havo only met twice, I thought I could not be mistaken." Edith (for it was she) turned quickly and- took his outstretched hand. " How strnugo to find yon here !" she ex claimed. " Ib Mrs. ITaldano with yon ?" " N o, indeed. I left her to the pious duties- of the parish, wiiioh sho is fnlfilling-daily, I oxpoct, in company with your seraphic friend tho minister. Kill th looked at him with strange surprise, but said nothing. " When did you como to town V" ho asked, " I thought you were quito a country young lady, and novcr vonturod into the giddy world of London." Publlshoilbyspcclal arntuoiuouis with tlio author All rights roscrvou 41 1 was not very well," roplied Edith, " nnd iny aunt invited mo to stop with her a few weeks. This is my aunt, Mrs, Hethoring- ton ; and this gentleman is my cousin Walter." Here Edith went somowhat nervously through, the ceremony of introduction. Sho added, with a slight flush, "My cousin insisted on bringing ns hero to-night. I did not wish to come." "Why not?" demanded Haldono, noticing her uneasiness, " Because I did not think it right ; and I have been thinking all the evening what the vicar will say, when I tell him I havo been to such a place." Here tho old lady shook her hood ominously, and gave a slight groan, " Is tho place so terrible," asked Haldane, smiling, " now you have seen it ?" " No, it is very pretty ; and of course the singing is beautiful. But Mr. Sautlcy does not approve of the theatre, and I am sorry I came." "Nonsense, Edith," said the young man Hetherington, with a laugh. " You know you wanted to seo the ' Traviata.'. Tlio fact is," he continued, turning to Haldane, "my mother nnd my cousin arc both terribly old fashionod. My mother hero is Scotch, anil believes in tlio kirk, the whole kirk, nnd nothing hut tho kirk ; and as for Edith, she is entirely, as they say in Scotland, under the minister's 'thoomb.' I thought thoy would havo enjoyed themselves, but they have been doing penance all tho even ing." Without paying attention to lier cousin's re marks, Edith was looking thoughtfully at Haldano. . " When do you return to Omborley ?" she asked. " I am not sure — in a fortnight, nt the latest. . I am going on to France." "And Mrs. Haldane will remain all that time alone ?" " Of course," he replied. " Oh, she will not miss me. Sho has her household duties, her parish, her garden — to say nothing of her clergyman. And you, do you stay long in Lon don i" "lam not sore; I think not. I am tired of it already," Again that weary, wistful look, which sat so strangely on the young, almost childish, face. She sighed, and gazed sadly around the crowded, house. A minute later, Haldono took bis leave, and rejoined his friend in the stalls. Looking up at the end of the next act, he saw that tho box was empty. The womon had yielded to theirconscienccs, and departed before the end of tho perform ance. That night, when Haldano went home to Chelsea, he found a letter from his wife. It was a long letter, but contained no news what ever, being chiefly occupied with solf- reproaches that the writer had not accompanied her husband in his pilgrimage. This struck Haldane as rather peculiar, a3 in formor com munications Ellen had expressed no such dis satisfaction ; hat be was by nature and of set babit unsuspicious, and he set it down to some momentary ennui. Tho letter contained no mention whatever of Mr. Santloy, but iu tho postscript, where ladies often put tho mo3t in teresting part of their correspondence, there was a reference to the Spanish valet, Baptisto. " As I told you," wrote jEUen, " Baptisto seems in excellent health, though ho is mys terious and unpleasant as usual. He comes aud goes like a ghost, but if ho made you believe that ho was ill, lie was imposing upon you. I do so wish you had taken him with you." Haldano folded up the letter with a smile. "Poor Baptisto I" he thought, "I suppose it is as I suspected, and tho little widow at tho lodge is at the bottom of it all." After a few days' sojourn at Chelsea, during which time he was much interested in certain spiritualistic investigations which wero just then being conducted by the London sicanls, to the manifest confusion of the spirits and indig nation of true believers, Haldano went to Paris, where ho read his paper before the French society to which he belonged. There we shall leave him for a little time, returning to the company of Alias Dove, with whom we hare more immediate concern. Mother and son lived in a pleasant house overlooking Clapham Common, a district famous for its religious edification, its young ladies' seminaries, and its dissenting cliapels. Mrs. Hetherington waB the wealthy widow of a Glasgow merchant; long settled in London, and she set lier face rigidly nzainst modern thought, ecclesiastical vestments, and cooking on the Sabbath. Curiously enough, her son Walter, who inherited a handsome competence, was a painter, and followed his heathen occn- potion with muoh talent, and more youthful enthusiasm. His landscapes, chiefly of High land scenes, had been exhibited in the Iloyal Scottish Academy. His mother, whoso highest ideas of art were founded on a superficial ac quaintance with the scripture pieces of Noel Faton, and an occasional contemplation of biblical masterpieces in the Dor<5 Gallery, would havo preferred to have seen him following in bis father's footsteps, and even entering the trne lurk as a preacher ; but his sympathies were pagan, and a gloomy childish experience had not fitted him witii tho requisite enthu siasm for Jolm Calvin and tlio Sabbath. Walter Hetherington was a fine frosh young fellow of thrco and twenty, and belonged to the clever sot of Scotch painters, headed by Messrs, Pettie, Richardson and Peter Graham. He was " cannie," painstaking, and rather sceptical, and, putting asido his art, which he really loved, he felt trne enthusiasm for only ono thing in tho world — his cousin Edith, whom ho hoped and longed to mnko his wife. As a very young giri, Edith had seemed rather attached to him ; hut of late years, during which they saw each other only at long intervals, she seemod colder and colder to his advances. He noticed her indifference, and set it down somewhat angrily to girlish fanati cism, for he had little or no suspicion whatever that another man's image might bo filling her thoughts. Once or twice, it is trne, when she sounded the praises of lier Omberley pastor, bis zeal, his goodness, his beauty of discourse, be asked himself if ho could possibly have a rival there ; but knowing something of the relinquent fancies of young vestals, he rejected the idea. To tell tho truth, ho rather pitied the Rev. Mr. Santley, whom he had never Been, as a hard headed, dogmatic, elderly creature of tlio typo greatly approved by Mb mother, and abundant even in Clapham. He had no idea of an Adonis in a clerical frock coat, with a beantiful profile, white bands, and a voico gentlo and low — tho latter an excellent thing in woman, but a dangerous thing in on unmarried preacher of the Word. Chatter XVII.— Walter Hktherinoton When the party got home from the opera, it was only half-past ten. They sat down to a frugal supper in the dioingroom. " I am sorry you did not wait till the last act," said the young man, after an awkward silence. " Patti's death scene is magnificent." "I'm thinking wo heard enough," his mother replied. " I never cared much for play acting and I seo littlo senso in screech ing about in a foreign tongue. I'd rather havo half an hour of tho Reverend Air, Mactavish's discourses than a night of fooling liko yon." " What do you Bay, Edith. I'm sure the music was very pretty-' "Yes, it was beautiful ; but not knowing muoh of Italian, I could not gather what it was all about." " It is an operatic version of a story of tho younger Dumas," explained Waiter, with an uncomfortable sense of treading on dangerous ground. " Tho story is that of a beautiful woman who has lived an evil- life, and is re formed through her affection for a young Frenchman. His friends think he is de grading himself by offering to marry hor, aud to cure him site pretonded to bo false and wicked. In tho end, sho dies in his arms, broken lioarted. It is a very touching sub ject, I think, though some peoplo consider it immoral." Hero tho matron broko in with quiet severity. " I wonder yon woman — Pntti, you call hor — docBu't think shame to appear in Buch dresses. Ono of them was scarcely decent, and I was almost ashamed to look at hor — tho crea ture !" "But her singing, mother, hor singing ; was it not divine ?" "It was meediing loud; but Pvo heard far finer in the kirk. Edith, my bairn, you're tired, I'm thinking. We'll just rood a chapter, and get to bed." So tho chapter was read, and the ladies retired, while Walter walked off to bis studio to have a quiet pipe. He was too used to his mother's peculiarities to be much surprised at tho failure of the evening's entertainment ; but he felt really amazed tlmt Edith had not been impressed. The next morning, when they met at break fast, Edith astonished both her aunt and cousin by expressing her wish to return to Omberley as soon as possible. " Go away already 1" cried tho young man. " Why, you've hardly been hero a week, and you've seen nothing of town, and we've all the picture galleries to visit yet." " Aud you liavo not heard Air. Maotavish discoorso," cried his mother. " No, no ; yon must bide awhile." But Edith shook hor head, and they saw her mind was made up. " I can come again at Christmas, but I would rather go now," she said. " But why havo you changed your mind ?" inquired her cousin eagerly. " I think they want mo at home ; and there is a great deal of church work to be dono in the village." Walter was not deceived by this excuse, and tried persuasion, bnt it was of no avail. The girl was determined to return home imme diately. Ho little knew the real cause of her determination. Haldane's presence in London had filled her, in spite of heraeif, with jealous alarm. Ellen Haldane was alone at the Manor, with no husband's eyes to trouble her ; and, despite tiie clergyman's oatli of fidelity, .Edith could not trust him. Yes, sho would go home. It was time to put an end to it all, to remind Snntley of his broken promises, and to claim their fulfilment. If he refused to do her justice, sho would part from him fqr ever; not, however, without letting the other woman, her rival, know his true character. 