The Alarm of Poison. Kemble, in the zenith of his fame, played Hamlet :at Newcastle, when Bensley, who was the leading actor of that company, had the.honor tobe cast for the Ghost. Kemble's high popularity made him, of course, a vast attraction in a country theatre; and "Bensley was much annoyed at having to second the greatness of such an artist. ' Accordingly, he studied the part of the Ghost, having got but short notice, in great tribulation, almost up to the hour. of performance; 'amazingly tormented by. an apprehension that the affair would, in some way or other, injure his repu tation. When the time came for. dressing, Bensley's fears were not :abated. He put on .the Ghost's leather armour, which fitted him ,horribly,; swearing ;by turns at the Ghost, the armour,. and the manager; and all the while, at intervals,, repeating frag menits from his part, as to his accuracy even ii the text of which he .was by no means entirely satisfied. At length the curtain, rang up, and it occurred to Bensley that a moderate drauight, taken in time, might give him firmness; and thereupon--still repeating 'his part at in tervals-he :summoned the call-boy to his aid. ."Boy". (calling), !'mark me I" (re peating) "if ever thou didý'st thy dear father. love ", (this was out of \the 'character.), "I am not in the.habit of taking strong liquors on nights when ILperform; but, prithee, go to the public-house at next-door, and get me a glass of brandy and water." When the brandy and water came,' the fist scene of the' play going on. all ,this while,., Bensley, who had still the book, in his hand studying, drank it off at a. single draught : but, as he set the empty glass down, to his, surprise,. and rather indignation,.he perceived a strong; red sediment lying, at. the, bottom. of " it. Beiisley was not a'man to be trifled with. He immediately seiit the glass back to " The Crow?i" from whence it came, desir ing moreover to know' what the landlord' meant by offering'him"so filthy a potation. AL.A PRtD. Within the next minute he was called .to go upon the stage; and still grumbling 'about the liquor and the character,' 'he . walked downstairs, and made his entry as the buried Majesty of Denmark; but 'no sooner had John Kemble,: with :" Angels ,and 'ministers of grace, defend us'!" started' on lone side, than his eye caught the .landlady of. "The Crdwn" in the wings on the other, wringing ,her hands, and throwing., her.: ,person into dreadful distortiois,`anda' caliig on him for heaven's sake to come off." Bensley made'up his mind that the woman, as well as all the rest' of the world 'was frantic ~ an`'weht on with his part as well as he could, it being in' that scene only dumb show; beckoning and signing to Hamlet very soleniiily. ith his truncheon, 'and' looking cannon-balls 'the other' way 'iat the 'landlady, who' was so vociferous as to be heard almost at'the'bac k of the gallery.? ' :At length thetime of exit came. "Madam, what is the matter with you:?" ". The matter I--Oh,' Mr. Bensley l-Oh, forgive me-on my knees-miserable sinner that I am."' "-Why, what in the name of the fiend ails the woman ?-get up." ' " The glass-the brandy and ':ater-the glass-red arseniic-Oh, sir,"yoi ar poi 'soned I" u are?p oi "Poisoned" " " Oh, yes-oh,' forgiveme 1-My 'eldest daixghter set the glass on th'e helf ,ith red arsenic for the ratse mixed it in 'the dusk -there was no candle--oh; on iny knie;s'!" As the writtenl part dropped from Bens ley's hand, the scene shad ..shifted, and Kemble added. himself to the party. "? :Come, Bensley, the stage is waiting." . "Sir, I can't help that.; I'm poisoned."?! "Oh, poisoned I-Nonsense-the pe6ple, my dear sir, are hissing in the pet." ; ; " Sir,: I-what can I 'do ?-I tell you I'm poisoned-I'm in the agonies I of: death." " Well, but, my dear Mr. Bensley, if you are poisoned, you can 'play :this: one: scene. What are we to do? And, in the end,-Mr. Kenible, who did not know well what it all meant,' absolutely hurried Bensley on the stage, and they began the scene together, Bensley playing the Ghost under the full conviction that, in five, minutes, he should be a ghost in earnest. - The play, under these auspicious circumstances, proceeds: Hamlet :'- "Whither wilt thou lead me ? Speak, I'll go no farther." Ghost: ".Mark. me 1-(aside-I. believe I shan't be able to go much farther)." Hamlet: "Alas I poor ghost." . Ghost : I "am thy father's spirit."-(A side-" Oh; that terrible brandy and water 1 I am dying.") Hamlet:, (Aside.)-" Nonsense-stay a little- you'll descend directly." . Ghosf i (Aside)-"I can't go on." cHamilet : (Aside)-" Then you'd better go off. . I'll. apologise." Mr. Kemble then comes forward, and tells the house that. Mr. Bensley is suddenly in disposed. In the meantime a surgeon has been sent for, who examines the poisonous glass, :and declares that whatever it con tains, it is innocent of arsenic. In the end, the call-boy is again produced, when it turns out. that the peccant. vessel. was not the landlady's of the Crown at all, but that the messenger. had himself carried a glass, for the brandy and water withtyhim from the theatre, and had, moreover, accidently taken that which contained the rose-ping, mixed to make ;."blood " for the murderers in the ensuing pantomime. 