' BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. "ATttie"last large meeting held in February, by the Yictoria ^Philosophical} Institute; 7, Adelpbi Terrace, Loudon, a paperSvas read; by the/Rev. K, C. Collins/ M.H.', ohj3udd ■hism in relation to Christianity.- 'Referrit'g to the parallels between 'the person sind characters of Baddha and Jesus Christ, lie said:—Take, as a prominent instance, ■the birth stories. I need not here-give details, which - iare to " be found 'in any modernwork'on Buddhism. Thestipposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of -Bnddha from the Tusita heaven J .the i DiSvas acknowledging fais''-8upreriiJacy ;^Iie presentation In theTemple, when the images, of Indra and other gods threw themselves at" his feet; the temptation by Mara—which, legends are embellished by the modern' writer I have . already quoted, under such phrases as " Conceived by the Holy Ghost," " Born of the Virgin .Maya,"-"Song of the 'heavenly host," "Presentation i in^ ^the Temple and iemptaticn inthe -wilderness —nane of these is "found in the early P41i texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that ail ascetic, whose , family name was, Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human " suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. . There is no thought in the early^ Biidd hism, of which we read iii the l'illi texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god j but the man Gautama Buddba stands alone id his striving -after the true emancipation from ■" sorrow and iguorance. The accounts of his descendiug from heaven, and being Con ceived in the world- of men,: when a preter natural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced," the sick were cured, together, with all such embellishments,. are certainly < added by later hands; and if .here we re "bognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles; we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been ■the influence,'as'I'have before hinted, of the Christian story' in India in ;the early; centuries of the Christian em, and ,perhaps, long subsequently..' This'is a point which has been mnSh overlooked; but it is ahuriciaititily evident-from, among other proofs, the etorv of the god Krishna, which.iis:&. manifest parody ot the history of .Christ. The Bhagavat-Gilal' a theosophical poem put into the month of Krishna, is 'Something unique among the productions of the East, contain ing many gems of what we should call Christian, tnith wrested from .their, proper setting,'to adorn this creation1 of the Brah man. poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do. the stories of his life in the 'MaJta-Bharala; so1 that it lias not un reasonably been concluded that thestoryjof Krishna was inserted in the Malui-Bharata to'famish a divinesanetion i>o the;^fto^i«a< Giia. ti, then, as there is the strongest reagon to believe, the Christian story, some, where between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarable poem that -ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Baddhist stories -also? Several Home and Colonial -applications to Join the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philoso phical'and scientific questions, 'especially any said to militate against thetrotliofthe Bible, a discussion ensued in which Mr, Bormuzd Rasssm, Professor Leitner,' from Lahore, Mr.Coles.an .eairnest student of the question 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Pro fessor iDavids, an&'jottiew /took part. All agreeing in and confirming the state ments of Mr; Collins' paper. Dr. Leilner brought a. large number of phbtog'raphs'^of early Indian and Tartar sculptures^ showing the firat introduction 6{ the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed ont the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. We can confidently recommend our specia Scotch Whiskey, not a headache in arHdgsl head*—Bm& & CAMi?BEi^.'\ : An American paper concludes-atir account of fchefire thus Since writing iHie above, it has come to light that the fire was prob- ■ ably caused by a §400 insurance policy rub- . bing against a §100 house. A Liverpool merchant who advertised for a ; boy was somewWt startled on finding a six foot infant, newly come -over, from the Emerald Islerstsinrling at his'desk, and in altogether too audible a tope of voice shout ing out, " Plase yer honor/will tbis;6hUd be after doing for the boy that's' wanteH ^Qn the merchant recovering ftatp hie* fehotsli of surprise, he pointed to a little boy abrint thirteen years of 'age—informed the appli cant that he wished a boy -like bim. "Thunder and turf." shouted Pat, *■ao4 is it a spalpeen like that you'llfee affcfet Ssflling a boy J ShurQ he'swily a cub J" 