. TALES k\m SKETCHES. JUDITH SttftKSPEARE : HER LOVH AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Maoixod of Dare," "Shandon Bells," " Is Silk Attiiie," &c.;, &c.; Chapter XXII.— Pohtentr. It w;>8. somewhat hard ou little Bess Hall .that her aunt Judith was determined sho should grow up as fearless as Bbc herself was, aud had, indeed, charged herself with this branoh of her niece's education. The ohild, it is true, was not more timid than others of licr ago, and could face with fair equanimity beg gars, schoolboys), cows, geese, and other dan gerous creatures ; while a3 for ghosts, goblins, and similar nooturnal terrors, Judith had settled all that side of the question fcy inform ing the maids of both families, in the plainest langnago, that any ono oi them found oven, mentioning such things to this niece of hers would ho instantaneously und without cere mony shot fortli from the house. But boyond and abovo all this, Judith expected too'much ; and would flout nnd scold whon Bess Hall de clined to perform tho impossible j'and would threaten to go away and sot a small bay out of tho Bcbool to become her playmato in future. At this moment, for example, sho was standing at the foot of tho Btaircaso in Sr. Hall's house. She had come round to carry off her nicco for tho day ; and sho had dressed her up liko a small queen ; and now sho would have her descend tho wide and handsome staircase in noblo state and unaided. Bess Hall, who had no ambition to play tho part of a queen, but had, on the other hand, a wholesome and instinctive fear of breaking her neck, now Btoud on the landing, helpless amid all ber finery, and looking down at ber aunt in a beseeching eort of way, "I shall tumbio down, Aunt Judith.; I know I shall," said sho ; and budgo Bho would not, " Tumble down, little stupid 1 Why, what should make you tumbio down ? Are you going for ovor to bo a baby ? Any baby can crawl downstairs by holding on to tho balus- . torsi" "I know I shall timibie down, Aunt Judith —nnd then I shall cry." But oven this threat was of no avail. " Como along, little goose ; 'tis easy enough when you try it. Do you think I havo dressed you up ns a grown woman, to seo you crawl liko a baby ? A fine womau — you 1 Como alorg, I say 1" But th s lesson, happily for tho half frightened. pupil, wus abruptly brought to nn cna. Judith was standing with her face to tho stairooae, and her back to tho central hall and the outer dour, so that she could not seo any ono entering; and indeed tho first inti mation sho had of tho approach of a stranger Was a voico behind her. " Bo gontlo with tho ohild, Judith." And then she know that alio was caught. For some little time book sho had very clevorly managed to evado tho good parson, or, at least, to sccuro tho safety of company when sho saw him approach. But this timo she was as helpless as little Bess herself. Dr. Hall was away from homo ; Judith's sister was ill of a cold and in bed ; there was no ono in tbe houso, besides the servants, but herself. The only thing bIio could do was to go up to the landing, swing her nioco on to ber shoulder, and say to Mastor Walter that they wero going round to New Place, for that Susan was ill in bod and unable to look after tho child, "I will walk with you as far," said lio, calmly, and indeed, ns if it were rather an act of condesoension on his pnrt. She Est out with no good will. Sho expected that lio would argue; and sho had an uncomfortable suspicion that ho would got the best of it. And if sho had onoe or twice rather wildly thought thut in order to get rid of all perploxitics, and in order to please all tho peoplo around her, she would in tho end allow Master Walter Blaiso to win her over into becoming his wife, still, sho felt that the timo was not yet. She would havo the choos ing of it for herself. And why should she be ; driven into a corner prematuroly ? Why be mndo to confess that her brain could not Bave ; her 1 Sbo wanted peace. She wanted to play with Bess Hall ; or to walk through tho meadows with Willio Hart, teaching liim what to thiulc of England ; she did not want to be confronted with clear, cold oyes, and argu ments liko steel, and tho awful prospect of . having to labor in the vinoyard through the long, long grey, and distant years. Sho grow to think it was scarcely fair "of hor father to hand her -ovor. He, at least, might have been on hor side. But he seemed as willing as any that sho should go away among tho saints, and forsake for over (as it seemed to licr) tho beautiful, free, and clear colored lifo that she had been well content to live. And then, all of a sudden, it flashed upon her. mind that sho. was a player's daughter; and a kind of flaino went-to her faco, "I pray you, good Mastor Blaise," said bIis, with a lofty and gracious courtesy, " bethink you, cro you give us. your company through the town." " What moan you, Judith ?' said he, in some amazement. " Do yon forget, then, that I am the daugh ter of a player ? — dud this his granddaughter?" said she. " In truth, I know not what you mean, Judith," ho exclaimed. " Why," said sho, "may not' tho good people who aro the saints of the earth wonder to ' seo you consort with sveh as wo? — or rather, with ono such ns I, who am impenitent, and tako no sliumo that my father is a player —nay, God's my witness, Iain wicked enough to bo proud of it, and. I caro not who knows it, and thoy that hope" to have mo change my thoughts on that matter will have no lack of waiting." Well, it was a fair' challenge ; and lie an swered it frankly, and with such a reasonable ness and charity -of speeoh that, despite her self, she could not hut admit that, sho wda pleased," and alap, ' perhaps, "just a littlo bit grateful. Ho would, not set up. to bo any- man's judge, he said ; nor was lie a Pharisee ; tho Master that he served was no respecter of persons — Ho had welcomed all when Ho was upon the earth — and it behoved His followers to buwat o of pride and the sotting up of dis tinctions ; if there was any house in the town that earned tho respect of all, it was New Place ; hp could only speak of her father as lie found him, here, in his own family, among his own friends— and what that was all men know; and so forth.- Hp spoko well, and modestly ; and Judith was so pleased to hear what he said of her father that she forgot to ask wliethor all this was quite consistent with his usual denunciations of plays and players, liisidiro prophecy as to tho lata of those who wero not of tho Saints, and ill's sharp dividing and shutting off of these. Ho did not perse cute her at all. There was no argument. What' lie was mostly anxious about was that alio should not tiro herself with carrying Bess Hall on her shoulder. " Nay, good sir," said sho, quite pleasantly, " tis a trick my. father taught me; aud tbe child is biit a feather weight." Ho looked at licr— so handsome and buxom, and.full of life and courage ; her eyes lustrous ; the roso leaf tint of health iu her cheeks ; and j always at the corner of her mouth what oould only be called a disposition to smile, as if tho worjd suited hor fairly well, and that she was. ready at any moment to laugh lior thanks.' \ ; . ' "There be many, Judith, V said ho, "who might envy .y ou " your ' health . and good spirits." " When I lose them, 'twill be timo enough to lament them," said she, complacently. "The hour that is passing seems all-in-all to you; and who can wonder at it?", 'lie con tinued. "Pray Heaven your carelessness of the morrow havo reason in it. But all aro not so minded. There be strango tidings in tho land." ."Indeed, sir ; and to.what end?" said she. " I know not whether tlieso rumors have reached your house," ho: said, "but never at any timo I have read of havo mon's minds been so disturbed — with a. restlessness aud apprehension of something being about to liapp'on. And what inarvol ? The strnngo things that havo -lieen seen and heard of throughont the world of late — meteors, aud earthquakes, and visions pf armies fighting in tho heavens. Even so was Armagodon to bo foreshadowed. Nay,' I will bo honest with you, Judith, and say that it !b not olear to my own mind that the great day of the Lord is at hnnd ; bnt many, tbink so ; and one man's reading of the. Book of Rovolation is but a ' small matter to eot against so wido a belief. I Hesrd yon not of tho vision that camo to the young girl at Chipping Camden last Mon day t" " Indeed, no, good sir." "! marvol that Prudenoo lias not heard of it'; for all men aro Bpeaking of it, "i'was in this way, as I hear. Tho maiden is one of raro piety and grace, given to fastiug and nightly vigils and searching of the heart. 'Twas on tho night of Sunday last — or per- ohanco towards Monday morning — that sho was awakened out of her Bleep by finding her room full, of light ; and looking out of , tho window sho beheld in tho darkness a figure of respondent radianco — shining liko tho buu, I as bIio said, only oloar white, nnd shodding rays aromid ; and tho figurri approached tho window, and regarded her ; and sho Uroppod on licr knees in wonder and fear, and bowed . her' head and worshipped, And as she did so, sho hoard a voioo say to her : " Watch and pray : Behold I como quickly." And sho durst not raiso licr head, as Bhc bijb, being overcome with fear and joy ; but tho light slowly faded from tho room, and when at last sho roso sho saw something afar off in the sky, that was now grown dark again. And ever since she has been trembling with the excite ment of it ; and will take no food, but from timo to time alio oriea in a loud voice : " Lord Jesus, como quickly ; Lord Jesus, come quickly !" Many havo gono to soo her, as I hear, and from all part3 of the country ; hut she heeds thorn not ; she is intent with her prayers, and her eyes, the people say, look ns if thoy lmd been dazzled with n groat light, and are dazed and Btrangc. Nay, 'tis but one of many tilings that are murmured abroad at present ; for there bave been signs in tbe heavens seen in sundry places, nnd visions ; and men's minds grow anxious." 1 Aud what think you yourself, good sir 1 — you aro ono that should know." " I ?" said lie. " Nay, I am far too humble a worker to tako upon mysolf the saying aye or no at such a time ; I can but watch and pray and wait. But is it not strange to think that wo here, at this moment, walking along this street in Stratford, might within soma moasurablo spaco — say a yoar or half a dozen years or bo— that wo might bo walking by the pure river of water that John saw, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb ? Do you not remomhorliow tho early Christians, with such a possibility before their eyes, drew nearer to each other, as it were, and rojoiced togother, parting with all tlioir possessions, and living in common, so that the poorest were even as the rich ? 'I'was no terror that over took thorn ; but a happiness ; and they drew themselves apart from the world, and lived in their own community, praying with each other, and aiding each other. ' All that be lieved,' the Bible tells us, ' wore in one place, and lind all things common. And they sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all man, as overy ono had need. And they continued daily in the Temple, and, breaking bread at homo, did eat their meat together, witii gladness and singleness of heart, prais ing God, and had favor with all the people ; and tho Lord added to the .Church from day to day such assiiould be saved.' Sncli aetata of spiritual brotherhood and exaltation may como among us once more ; methinks I see tho symptoms of its approach even now ; blessed aro they who will bo in that com munion witii a puro soul nnd a humbla mind, for the Lord will he with them as their guide, though the waters should arise and overflow, or fire consnme the earth." " Yes, but, good. sir," said she, "when tho early Christians you speak of thought the world was near to an end, they were mistaken, And these, now of our day 1 " " Whatevor is prophesied must come to pass," said he, " or soon or late ; though it is possible for our poor human judgment to err oe to the time. But surely we ought to be pre pared ; and what preparation, tbink you, is sulficient for so great and awful a change ? .Toy thefs may be in tho trivial tilings of this world —in tho vanitios of tho hour, that pass away, and aro forgotten ; but what are these things to those whoso heart is set on tho now Jerusalem — the shining city? Tho voice that John heard proclaimed no lio : 'twas the voice of tho Lord of heaven and earth ; a promise to them that wait and watch for His coming. 'And God sballwipo away nil tears from their eyes ; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, neither crying, neither shall there be any more pain, for tlie first things ore posed. ... . And there shall be no/moro curse : but the throne of God and of tho Lamb shall bo in it, nnd Hisservantsshail serve Him. And tlicy shall see His face ; and His Name shall bo in their foreheads. And there shall be no night thero ; and thoy need no candle, neithor light of tho snn ; for tho Lord God giveth them light, and tbey shall reign for evermore.'" Sho sighed. - " 'Tis too wonderful a tiling for poor sinful creatures to expact," she said. But by this time they wero at the house, and he could not say anything further to her ; indeed, when he proposed - that she should como into the sittingroom and that he would read to lior a description of the glories of tho New Jerusalem, out of the Book of Rovola tion, alio excused herself by saying that she must earry Bess Hall to seo her father. So ' ho went in and sat down, waiting- for Judith's mother to be sent for ; while aunt and ' niece wmt out and through tho back yard to the garden. " Boss," Baid Judith, on the way,' " heardst thou aught of a white figure ?" " No, Judith," said the child, who had been engaged all the way in' examining the pretti- nesses of her aunt's velvet cap, and ruff, and what not. " That is well," Baid she. Whon sho got into tho garden, sho could seo that goodman Matthew eyed their ap proach with littlo favor— for Bess Hall, when her grandfather had charge of hor, was allowed to tear flowers, and walk over beds, or do anything she choso ; but J udith did not mind that much. On the other hand, she woald not go deliberately aud disturb her father. She would give him his choice — to como fortli or not as lie pleased. Aud so, quite noiselessly, and a littlo distance off, sho passed tlie Bnminer house. There was no sign. Accord- ingly, sho wont on idly to tho further end of 'the garden, and would doubtless have re mained' there (rather than return within doors) amusing tho child somehow, but that the next minuta licr father appeared. " Come hither, Bess ! Come hither, wench )" hecalled. Nay, ho camo to moot thom ; and as he lifted the child down from Judith's shoulder, some thing — perhaps it was the touch of the sun light on tho soft brown of hor short curie— seemed to attract his notice. "Why, wonoh,"said ho to Judith, "me- thinks your hair grows prottier every day. And yot yon keop it ovor short — yes, 'tis over short— would you have them think you a boy?" " I would I wero a man," said alio, glancing at him rather timidly. " How, then ? What now ?" " For then," said she, " might.I help you in your work, so ploaae you, sir. Ho laughed, and said — " My work ? What know yon of that, wonoli ?" Tho blood rushed to ber face. " Nay, sir, I but meant tho work of tlie fields — in going about with tho bailiff and tbe like. Tho maids say you were abroad at five tbis morniDg," I " Well, Is't not the ploasantcst time of day in this hot weather ?» lie said-aud lie seemed amused by hor interference, " But why Bhould you give yourself so many cares, good father ?" sho mado bold to Bay (for she had been meditating the saying of it for many a day back). " You that have great fame, and land, and wealth. We would fain seo you reBt a littlo morn, father ; — and 'tis nil the harder to ns that wo can give you no help, being but womon folk." There was something in. the tone of her voico — or perhaps in her eyes — that conveyed more than her words. Ho put hiB hand on her bond, . "You are a good lass," said ho. "And listen. You can do something for mo that is of far more value to me than any help in any kind of work : nay, I tell theo 'tis of greater value to mo than all of my work ; and 'tis this ; keep you a merry heart, wenoh — lot mo see your faco right merry and cheerful as you go about — that is what you can do for mo ; I would have you over as you aro now, aB bright and glad as a summer day." " "Pis an easy tnsk, sir, so long as you aro content to ho pleased with me," she managed to answer ; and then littlo Bes3 Hall — who could not understand why she should have been BO long left unnoticed — began to scramble up his knees, and was at last transferred to his arms. Jadith'ehcartwas beating somewhat quickly — with a kind of prido and gladness that was very near bringing tears to her eyes ; but, of oourso, that was out of the question, seeing that ho .had enjoined her to bo cheerful. And so sho forced herself to say, with an odd kind of Bmile — " I pray you, sir, may I remain with you for a space— if Bess and I trouble you not ?" " Surely," said he, ' regarding hor ; "but what is it, then?" ." Why," said she, pulling herself together, "good Mastor Blaise is within doors, and his last belief is enough to frighten a poor maiden — lot alone this small child. He says tho world is nigh unto its end." "Nay, I have heard of some such talk being abroad," said lie, " among tho country folk. Bat why should that frighten thee ? Even were.it true, we can make it nor better nor worse." "Only - this, father," said Bhe, and she looked at him with the large, clear shining grey eyes no longer near to tears but rather suggesting some dark mystery of liumur, "that if tho ' end of tile world be so nigh at hand, 'twould be an idlo thing for the good parson to think of taking him a wife." I ask for no secrets, wench," ber father said — as he sat littlo Bess Hall on tho branch of an apple tree. "Nay, sir, he but said that as many wero of opinion that something dreadful was about to happen, we should all of us draw nearer together. That is well, and to be under- standod ; but if tho world be about to end for all of U8, surely 'twere a Btrange thing that any .of us should think of taking husband or wife ?" "I moddlo not," her father said. " Go thine own ways, I have heard thou hast led more than one honest lad in Stratford a mad cap dance. Take heed ; take lieed — as thy grandmother saith — lest thou outwear their patience." And then something — she could scarco tell what— came into her head : some wild wish that lie would remain always there at Strat ford : would sho not right willingly discard all further thoughts of lovers or sweethearts, if only he would speak to her sometimes as he had just been speaking, and approve of her hair ; and perchance let her become somewhat more of a companion to him ? Bnt sho dnrnt not venture to say so much. She only said, very modestly nnd timidly — " I am content to be as I am, sir, if you are contont that I should bido with you." " Contont ?" Baid he, with a laugh that had no unkindness in it. "Content that tliou . shouldst bide with us ? Keep that pretty face, of thine merry and glad, good lass— and hare no fear." 