SPORTING NOTES. THE TURF. Victoria Amateur Turk Clu>\ {prom ouu mklbourtfe correspondent.) Saturday. 21st .Tune. A wiuter race meeting was held at Caultlold to-day, uuder tho auspiccs of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, and unfavorable beforohaud as were tho probabilities of lino weather judging from tho experience of tho past weak, the day turned out remarkably fluo, a brilliaut sunshine tending to give a most cheerful aspect to tho scene, aud lighting up the groeu turf of tho pretty course aud the neighboring laudscapo in a most ugroo ablo manner. As might have beeu anticipated under these propitious circumstances thero wns a largo attendance of spectators, including a cousiderablo pro portion of tho fair sox, the 14 Ladies' Trophy*' forming an exceodiuarly attractive event for that important hettcr-half of tho Saturday afternoon pleasure Bookers. Tho following were tho events;— Handicap Hurdlh Race.—Morrl, 1; Concord, 2; Musldorn, 3. Time—3 min. 37} sees. Victoria Gold Cup.—Ficklo, 1; Black Jackot and Gilderoy did not go the course. Tiuio.—5 tniu, 0 sees. Ladies* Trophy.—1Tho Ghost, lj Primus, 2; Duenna, 3\. Time.—1 min. 20 sees. Opkn Stkrplkchask.—Stampede, 1; Ficklo, 2; Aus tralian Court, 3. Time—4, min. 31 sees. Richmond Handicap.—Black Diamond, 1; Primus, 2; Lyons' Lady, 3.. In tho course of tho running Lesbia and Duonua foil, Burton, the rider of tho former, being picked up unconscious, and ovideutly seriously iujured, whilo O'Brien, who was riding Duenna, was also budly shaken. Time—1 min. 47 sees. FOOTBALL. The Sandhurst aud Coachbuildcrs met for tho first timo this season iu the Upper Reserve on Saturday aftemoou, aud after a Tory evenly contested game, victory rested with tho Coachbuildors by one goal to nil. Tho afternoon'** play was confined to about seventy minutes, and it id questionable whether such a short spuco is a test of any value whntover of tho rolativo Btrongth of two teams. A prominent featuro of tho gamo of football is that it is supposed to try tho lasting powers of two teams, and au hour's play for each half of tho game is generally recognised as tho time for a con test. Thus a mere half- hour's play each way can surely never test the stamina of two teams of grown up foot ballers, and as this mere half-hour seems now to be tho aecopted limit in a match between two Sandhurst teams, tho inference iu that our footballers are comparatively puerilo,and unablo to stand an}* severer test of their ifrcat energies. Tho gamo ou Saturday presented no brilliant features, aud noither aide was much inferior than tho other. Tho winners had tho best of the game in tho first half, and got a goal kicked by John Donnelly. In tho second the seniors had the advantage but did not seoroa goal, though tho bohinds wero equalised at tho finish, five each. Tho last behiud looked somowhat likoa goal, but tho umpire thought not. It may bo mentioned, however, that the goal umpiro's verdict in matches is frequently not iu accord with that of a large majority of the spectators. For the Coachbuilders, Stephens, Kerr, Flauagah, aud Rumble played beat, and for Sandhurst, Eadio, Davis,' and O'Callaghau wore most prominent. Air. Muugovan niado a good central umpire. A match was played on Saturday botween tho Waterloo aud Farriers' Arms, which resulted iu a easy victory for tho Waterloo by C goals and 5 bchiuds to tho Farriers' Arms 2 goals and 3 behiuds. Tho goal kickers for tho Waterloo were Stovens and Skehan. Tho best players for tho Waterloo wero Ormo (2), Hird and Dunne; aud for the Farriers' Arms, O'Couuor and Foley (2). A match was played on Saturday between the Barkly Place and High school, which, after an exciting con- test, resulted in a draw, the scores being:—B. P. 3 goals (kicked by Butson, Graydon, and Connelly), and 10 be- hinds; H. S., 3 goals (Green 2, and Hemming), and nine behinds. For the school, Hemming, Budds, Balmer, Busst and Reed played best; while for the Barkly Place, Connelly, Graydon, Butson, Darby, and Bent, showed good form. Messrs. Reidle and Hanson acted as umpires, but their decisions were very unsatisfactory. A match was played on Saturday between tho Kau garoo Flat and Golden Square teams, which resulted in an easy win for Kangaroo Flat, who obtained 7 goals and I t bohinds to nil. For tho winners M'Phorson, Flannank, Gourloy, Trebilcook, Anderson (goal kickers also Mead, Whittnkor, Noefaon, and Kenny played well; whilo for the losers Trovarrow, Dcau, Dull, Skimmings Sellars, and Ralph played bust. Mr. Birdgavo goueral satisfaction as central umpire. Tho Imperials journojed to jEaglehawk on Saturday to play what was supposed to bo a socond twenty, but which was a Tory good mixed team. The gamo resulted in a wiu for Eaglohawkby 2 goals and l behiuds to 1 goal and 3 behiuds. C. Loggo captained the Eagle* hawk, whilo J. Bradley acted in a similar capacity for tho visitors. The visiting ;cnptain won the toss, and chose to kick down the ground. Tho Eaglohawk kicked oft, the ball being well returned by tho Im perials, and for a timo the game was very oven, until Curr got a mark in front of tho Eiwrlolmwk goal, aud by a noat placo-kiok scored a goal for tho visitors. Until half-timo was called the game continued to bo very oven. Iu tho second hnlf tho local club secured 2 goals (kicked by Moorhead and Hooper). Towards tho Unish tho gamo bocamo unnecessarily rough, on account of several of tho Eagloha.rk men soomingly* mistaking some of tho smaUer members of tho visiting team for tho ball. R. Harvey played a splendid game for Eagle hawk, ably assisted b^C. Leggo.Simmond, Ofttes, Hurst, aud Hoopor, whilo for tho visitors Sharp (2), Way, Izott, Nosworthy, Carr, and Jones strained overy uervo to avert a defeat. Iu respect to tho memory of their lato member, C. Shaw, tho Imperial team all wore crapo on their loft arms. Tho match between Wauhop's school aud tho Long Gully Juniors resulted in a wiu for tho former by three goals aud ihirtoen bohinds to tcu behiuds. Tho following played best for tho school:—Kelly, Fitz patrick, Boavis, Kirkham, Ro*bbiuR, and Morgan; and for tho Long Gully, Curry, Eva, Rojorts, and Cook. (prom our mrlhourse correspondent.) Saturday, 21at Juno. Tho football match botweon Gecloug and Melbourno, on tho Melbourno Cricket grouud this afternoon, turned out a one-sided contest. Gcelong ou the strength of their past performances this season wero strongly fancied, but thero wero not many who anticipated they would score such a victory as soven goals to ono implies. They had tho luck to wiu tho toss, but this probably did not mako any difference, for tho wind was too light to have much iutluoncc on tho game. From the first almost, Melbourne wore completely beateu, whilst the impression left on tho mind of a looker-on was that the Geelong players wero never really ex tended. Tho complete score was—Gcelong, 7 goals, 15 bohinds; Melbourne, 1 goal, 2 behiuds. Tho goal kickers were—Gcelong, Stcedman (2), Foote, Korby, M'Lean, Heckinbotham. Julian; Melbourne, Rush. Amongst the Geeloug playors tho most brilliant per formers wero Iverby, Stoedmau, M'Lean, Collins and Heckinbotham; whilst M'Kenzie, M'Intyre, Plaut, M'Donald and Spoonor worked hard for the losers. The Essendon v. South Melbourne match was a draw, two goals each boing obtained. Hotliam defeated Fitzrov by four goals to two. 