SPORTING I NT KLUG ENCE. The principal feature in the betting mail yesterday was a commission executed in favour of Claptrap for the Caulfield Cup to win several thousands, the three boiling 1,000 to see, the backer offering to go on at the pace Hustings was backed to a moderate amount at 100 to 8, the buyers being ready to go on at the price Capri was quoted at 100 to!, Colstoun at 100 to 8, and try Fillipini at 100 to li, with scarcely any business doing on them. The following scratchings were posted yesterday Melbourne Cup-The Andes Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting - Steeple- chase Kine; John, Councillor, idea thorn, Killemnn, True Bim- limit Club Cup-Ife lovely, Monte Carlo and Happy 'Jack V A 'J' C htioplechuse-Union, Blackthorn, mill Whitethorn, Findon Harriers' Vase Peter, Recovery, and Monte Carlo. FLEMINGTON THE MINING NOTES The weather early yesterday morning w keen and frosty, but the few spectators who ventured out to the -"Flemington training ground were well rewarded for their trouble, there being some very interesting work done during the morning after the sun was fairly above the hours the air became very pleasant The various tracks were all in excellent condition, and well suited for display mg a horse b pace to the greatest advantage The first horse to work was I'linutom, who did a long gallop at half pace on the outer truck. He was followed by Ksniond and Sauvignon, who cantered and rattled home a last half mile. Chablis and Condor did steady work Vernet, in company with Hawthorn, started for a fast round on the sand track , Vernet made excellent time, IhiiBliing well, but Haw- thorn tailed off a good deal of the finish. Anglesea did his usual dose of steady work. Dirk Hatteraick and The Broker did a fast mile and a half together Velocity and Lady Adelaide cantered, and then ran home for an extended gallop of half a mile, Robert the Devil did moderate work on the tan Leporello cantered, and finished with a line spurt of hutt a mile Miles and Stone-broke after cantering; rattled home a first half mile Plausible did a good striding gallop of a mile and a half by himself 'The next horse to appear was Fryingpan, and as it was evident that he was going to do fast work, every glass on the ground was directed to him, and every watch was kept in readiness to take his exact time He cantered steadily for a short distance, and then was sent going at a fast pace, doing a mile and a halt almost satisfactory time. 'the way he came home was the admiration of all the onlookers Victress and Middle march were posted to bring him along the last half mile, but he drew and made Easter time the last furlong than during any part of the journey, finishing as if the task were mere play for him Alter tina line performance Josephine and Zena came out, and did a fast six furlongs together Signor and Prodigal followed, and did similar work, only making the pace somewhat faster After a couple of Mr J. Wilson's youngsters had accomplished a fast half mile journey. Guess work was seen doing a line striding gallop in half clothing Commotion did a good extended gallop once round the sand track, the pace being g led all the way Lord Exeter, Sister Eunice. -Hastings, and five, who have lately arrived from Sydney, were the next lot brought on to the ground Hastings, who has been very heavily supported for the Caulfield Cup, is looking remarkably well. The quartette merely cantered slowly to stretch their legs after the journey. Sandal did a fast gallop over five furlongs, making excellent time, while Gratitude was indulged in steady exercise Iolanthe and Bargo cantered, and then did an extended gallop of six furlongs, the race the last four furlongs being very smart. Martini Henry, Tremando, and Despot did a steady canter together, after which they were sent along fast for a little over a mile Last year's Cup Av winner was pulling over his two companions at the end of the gallop Uralla and Monte Christo cantered steadily, and spurted home at nniertvpace for three fur longs Conjecture was Bent one round on the sand track at best pace, making good time, but (mailing weakly. Weatraiuater and Tell-tale worked together, finishing with a fast half mile, while Meteor did six furlongs at best pace Arsenal and DanscuBC did fair work on the tan The Agent has sent a steady canter for some distance, and (finished with a fast spun Agatha, followed by Napier, did useful work on the sand track. Vergy was then brought on to the outer track, and gave the spectators a (mu exhibition of a first rate gallop He went twice round at a strong pace all the way , the time of the second round was very good Lesbia was started with Agitate for a I first mile, which was done in faster time than has been made tina Benson Proceeds, Cam vanilla, and The Pencil cantered steadily together, and then started at a last pace, the trio doing half a mile, Proceeds landing at the linen, while apparently full of running Denman was sent in useful working gallop, while Carew and Embassy were restricted to vi taking exercise. Mary cross-country horses were worked during the morning, and several listeners did slow work CAULIILLD 1 TRAINING NOTES It was a fine sharp morning, and trainers were out by peep o tim M Higinbotham and W Connell) were the first to take p s session of the tracks, and some serviceable exercise was gone through liicndlessdid (good steeplechase work in company with Sjphon over three miles, and Cnpn, with 0 line up was doing some ince pace work 1 issue joining him, they ran a strong pace over annie for a useful gallop the son of attention moving freely when extended 1 clinton was doing steady) exercise, finishing home with a strong run Ivovt letter and K Howes lJolestar were doing useful work in company, and he Grind was doing medium work on the sand llitty treated water) to sound exercise on the running ground, the last circle being removed at a strong gallop Ontario, with betty up did capital work on the sand the son of Panic going in good form Umberto was striding along for useful exercise, as also did Cupola 1 Jones had First Pop and I sent in company work ing on the sand, the two year olds running a brisk gallop over four furlongs and Melodious did similar exercise 'line) were followed by Coriolanus, who did good pace work on the turf the steeplechaser Sir Samuel doing work on the sand The Ghost and Norfolk galloped a circle on the running truck, and Grace Darling, with 'insult, strode along once round at a strong pace Lxpcrfc and kingfisher worked in company, finishing home the last four furlongs Mozart after doing some gardening run a good pace over a mile Wonga joining him at the turn, and they finished in company Spartan was sent good pace work on the sand come, where Gilderoy) was also exercising W Davis had Discount and Delhincc doing slow work others of the team working later in the day There were several other horses doing work during the morning a -witness east race meeting (By -iLiGitAin Them Our ComtEsio\Dn<r) ECHUCA, 'IituitsDAi The annual race meeting of the I trucks Just Club, registered under the V R C rules was held to day The weather was line the attendance good, and the racing excellent The following are the results - VAIDfcY li ATP 316 and a quarter Mr T M Mister s Apollo 1 Mr J L Roberts a Lubra 2 Mr J Cox. of I our . seven starters ThltltlOKS LAST HANDICAP Two miles Mr M L) note s DIaol Iks? 1 Mr M Masters Apollo Only two-toned of four entered Won by three lengths HANDICAP SHOE SALE. Mr W Pratt Na Loy Lee Mr 12 Morialta s hope) .. Mr W Lewis's Jessie ", *, Elet on started HACK nee. Sulphur " I Eight started Won catch) CONSOLA riOV STAKES. Mr M I)nchsGiirr)orten Mr ltcirf a Leo Mr Cox's Poor Jim .... THE SCULLING CHAMPIONSHIP. [BY SPECIAL WIRE] (From Our Coihiespovubnt ) bYDNLV,'luuitsDAi The final agreement has been signed between beach and Hanlan for the sculling championship of the world and £500 a side, to be rowed on the Parramatta River on the 28th March 2 PIGEON SHOOTING MELBOURNE GUN CLUB The new quarter's shooting commences at Brighton Park to-day), with the second competition for the Pavilion Cup, The first bird will be trapped at 2 o'clock prompt. LAWN 'TENNIS The following are the entries received for the VR C 0. Lawn Tennis Championship Meeting to be commenced on the courts of the club on Tuesday next. 7th October Single handed Championship-. Messrs D Webb W Muller L Kitchen H Bartram, 1 J H Rhett IV J a Riddell, L. A Whyte R. W Martin, O U Hlilnbathiun T A A beckett, S B Spiro 1) O Spiro b, Italolirh, li li Brind, J L. Purves SV U Evo) Double handed Championship- Messrs W Melville and I Iddlo II Bartram and) Kitchen 1- Ullyett and Martin, W J O H Bell and Coldham, T '0 Weigall and light botham, L. A. Whyte and T A Beckett, B Spiro and D O Spiro, h. Raleigh and D Webb H Brind and C Storch, A. Skinner and W U'Eio) Lady) and Gentleman Double headed Championship -T. U Into-uni Mim M'hiniE-O, O H Illuliiliothoin and MUtfl.fj_.iibo.liAm I AM Weigall and Miss M I N (Hart!, L May and Miss IJ Ob be most W Riddell third--. DOWNING or Tin: rowing season. 'The Strokes care he (or the HCiutfh eight-oared rail to which are to celebrate the opening of the iron are mines at Albert park to the low, but not Mown. Young, and Jackson d Hotel Just evening unit under the Mipiiintuiduicti of Messrs Senor, Templeman, and W illîam«, abetted them in when follow - Hist lichens 1 Station- W Barker (stroke) W A (condit., Simpson, Browne, b Lane, Waugh, IloskliM, und Greenslade JSo J Station-CaUett (part in), 1 Green, Wood Cooke Hat ill become Schild and Marner No 3 stationed fails (stroke), l Swanston, A bowler Greenwood, Hart, Stewart Michael, and Cordial faecuiidHuat.-No 1 -Station- W S Boyd (stroke), I. K White, c Cunnincjnm 1 Millar. 1 ordering him, 1 Wauoii, Our, and U Strain No -Station -hadley (ihoUo), M Hackett, UuUjii, Lawson, Kauiniinn, Duke, Butfield and Snooker ho 1 Station-Beaumont (Htrokt) li Bradlot, Moodie, Edgar, Swanson 1 h Ut, Keri adherents sailed Lieut No 1 station-)otxla|i(Mtrol.o)t Collan, Blatch for!, Hatiov, Henderson, I Ferguson, Wight, and Walker No - -.tation-Watoin (hcioUo), G Trood, cleaning), fox, Import, Nolan, Young, and Wnuon lo l station-master (stroke), W tHRee, Ïlor-J-Uigh. Quay, Quinan, Wanda, Kill, Chit weight Kum the that No 1 Sutton-A b Blake (stroke), L W Gow die Matthew's Messrs William, 1 state Hobs and M'Donald to be Station windella (stroke), A Chamley, R Little, W Oldham, Ab out, J 1 returned, to leave arid Castella No 2. Station Gowdie (stroke) n Moodie, J l> Dull, M'isclll, J Doolan, Hopkins, Stewart, and Hostin I f fail Here No 1 Station-Wood (stroke) Port Iantr Ainley, timm Win the, Watson Morgan, and Hcale) No 2 fetution-Otfden (stroke) is Home Crafts, Mr, F S Cunningham, J I)a\Í8,Stanlo)tiuid M 1 cod ho J btation-brctfi-rBOti (stroke) It Dodds Jacobs, sugar!), farmer, Una), Campbell, and The South Uclbiurtic sheds have been fixed as the wonder of. the first heat will start at half-past 2 sharp AMKUr PUUC ROWING CLUB The seventh annual meeting of this club was held at the boathouse on Wednesday evening There were 60 members present, Mr Jamieson in the chair. The report showed that the club had been unusually) fortunate at the regatta held during the last season it having scored no less than seven maiden winn A fancy dress ball was given by the club in August lost in the South Melbourne Town hall, and the club turned ted to the amount of karri 17s 6d heat which has enabled them to cause Mr I offer an order for a now racing boat. Ihn chairman, In moving, the report, called the attention of the members and friends present to the ] reappears of the club, and felt sure that if the c committee and members worked together in good will and unity the club had a great future before It Two valuable cup. were presented to the club by Mr E A Morgan and Mr James Robertson, to be rowed for during the co the; season The election of office bearers for the coming season resulted as follows -I resident, Mr J J Beare), M LC vice presidents, Mr J O Cummins and Mr Alex Moore persons, Mr David Gaunson, VU, and Mr J Munro, M LA , captain, Mr J is down in vice captain, Mr H Johnson, Secretary, Mr J C Wood, treasurer, Mr I It Abbott, committee, Messrs I Warren., A Clark, W Cowin, W Dallas, W. M IS ell, J Graham and 15 J Steele BANKS ROWING CLUB The annual general meeting of the Banks Rowing Club took place at a sound and Jackson s Hotel j under an evening Mr li CS Turner occupied the chair, and a fair number of members were present The annual report stated that home do The ult; had been experienced in advancing the interests of the club, owing to the large number of member), who had been removed to country offices the club at present consists of -16 rowing and her on non rowing members Million was made of Mr C It Parsons's generous gift of trophies to be rowed for, as far as possible, be re presentative crews from the station bran) h Trial Leura and trial pairs had been rowed during the past season The trophies, for the former gun won by Miles In from lin (broken), Moir, Bradshaw, and 6 u tenths, and the latter by Messrs Thomas and Bradshaw The balance-sheet gave the revenue Uli la 7d and the o\p_i;diUuo na ALE last . icaMUgalutamu of salads 61 The club was. ' tunate in having no liabilities. w later on and assets amounting to £2 12 £9 UL After the adoption of the report and balance sheet the meeting proceeded to dUeUbStheadviaibiliU of extending the by it. of the club, but after some discussion itwusdccldod not to door The others of office bearers for the ensuing year resulted as follows -President, Mr H G . never vic provide! its, Meara Ar.ln r _Mu.io__> und J Henderson , captain, Mr Charles lb on tea, hon secretary, Mr O H Cummins, hon treasurer, Mr I- H Officer, committee, Messrs tí Show, S J Moir, George Gain, and D Gregor YACHTING At a meeting of the % Victoria s Yacht Club, held on Wcdn s iny evening, Mr S Smith, M L A , Mayor of Melbourne was elected a member the date for the usual (quarterly dinner was fixed for Tuesday, the 15th last A sum of money was but apart for the purchase, of prizes to be competed for at the regatta to be held on the 10th Nov ember the opening day of the season will take place on the 5th Inst and in order to burn the manoeuvres being SUccessfully carried out a prcUtutiiai) cruise will be made on the previous Saturday; It was mentioned that Ki ir Commodore Heath has purchased a .uuH.aouiü>a.eht of 10 tons burthen, which he intends bringing: into tim ha> at an early date Vice Commodore Harvest s Assegai, the famous racer is to be sold by auction on the 6th last, and judging from her records, keen competition is likely to arise among yachtsmen for her possession 