Conflteor.' .- I Aiioubnt may come to a man, and save Eternally ; A green yew-tree and a little grave, Arid a memory'. Heart throbbing quick,- as the -swift Idays sweep ... . ! ?' . Past like a ghost, Long, days, sad days, sinoe you fell asleep, . i'Mjuue ono ioac. v j Can'you hear me, little one, Bleeping fast' i Under the' yew? . i I'have missed you sinoe the Death- Angel past . ' . ' i :? ':Betwixt US two. Years since, I carried, you robed in white, i' '? : ! In aadBpring hour, - ' ^ | Ana hid y'o^ here from the warm sunlight — ?p ' Poor littlo flower I I may not roll baok the sealirig-stone, i' :; -And Bee you, dear, - . ; But let me whiBper -you here alone — ' No one can hear. Why did you leave me?. I needed' aid; 1 ' 'Aid of ohild-gr aoe, ' | For the evil things would haveboen afraid - \- , j,.' ;;;' ' Of your sweet face, ; Kor- a: whole life's - wrong I would make re dreBS;,, For your loved sake, I havo sinned a Bin ; — let heart confess, Or heart will break. ; I kneel by the dead ohild's grave, and vow A saored word ; j And through the silence-that falls, I know My vow is heard. : j '' , Frdre Sauvagc. '?-- An Amerioan' paper oalls attention to a theory of life whioh, it asserts, 'was held by 'the great Faraday.n This theory makes the duration of life depend upon the itimej occu pied in growth, leaving all questions of dis ease- or accident 'whioh may shorten life out of the ' question altogether. - . Man oc'aupie3 twenty years in the business of growing. This number multiplied by five' will give the age to whioh he ought, under - favorable, circum stances, to live— namely, one hundred years. A' camel; oocupying eight yeara in growing, ought to live Dy the same rule forty yeara ; and so on with other animals. Human life he divided into two periods— growth and de oUne, and these wero subdivided into infanoy, lasting ? from birth to ? the age- of twenty ; youthr lasting from twenty to fifty ; virility, from-fifty to seventy-five ; after whiohioomes age. ? ' :.;';? 