AGRICULTURAL INTELLIGENCE. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) VICTORIA. LANCEFIELD, IVB 20-The local railway station is blocked with grain awaiting means of transit to market All the available space in the goods shed and on the platform is piled with bags and the farmers are loud h complaining of the inconvenience they are- being subjected to for want! trucks Only a rou trucks arrive dull), as! they are speedily rushed Thousands of pound, worth of grain is lying at the station exposed to the weather It is bitterly, cold, with every indication of a wet night isT JAMES I was 20 - Over 2,000 loss of wheat arrived here to day The ruling, price is 3s (6d The total number of h is sent from this station on the 1st January is HE 000, and since the war opened in September last 70 000 lime are about 10,000 bags stocked In the yard which makes the total arrivals WOW) bags Mill L 1 PH. 20 -Wheat is still arriving in large quantities The price is very low, 2s 9d IIOKSIIAM, Im 20-A large quantity of wheat came in to day The prices were unchanged SANDHURST, THE Hi -There has been a fair amount of business in the produce market dues for the last week, but beyond a blast decline in wheat prices remain in per last quotations. The input was I said) large hall descriptions About 600 bags of wheat wciuiLt-ur.od 4 SOO arriving by rail the consign merits of oats were not up to the average The up country rule at stations remain full of this J cars LAURI and there is still a large quantity not yet basis] During the week over 4,000 empty boats have been for warded to Boort Wjchu j feet and trio surround fire., districts and therefore dull demand is for more There has not been any large reached thereat being, unusually late this stir today H humane b Morris, ww dues, the receipts a retain be no wheat IrO 1 in and on Is 00 The following, are the closing, prices - Wheat laid to U till the latter HILL being for exceptionally j same rate "as li to 2s find a fair business being, done at as id arid 2s M back, a man if I j quested at 2a 0 1 to ox 3d bran 10 1 j oil u I feel to had his., trussed LI Ila 01 to was his and headed, X. as to LI lOd , straw, ghosts s. s Hour, (In i at 10 _ 