The Snlvatlou / '.*iuy. MAJOIl BAIIKKH.IN SYDNEY,- UY JAI'ONICA, "MANcniinot bellovo /is ho -plonsiw Ho cnn eny ?'that ho bollovcs, or dis- bolioyes. Ho cnn . control tiisHpccoh. Hut, nftar nil, his will cnnnot iloprc^s or rnino Dio scnlcs lWtli ivliioh Jiis rcnsoii find# tha worth nud weight ot fact. ' If this is not so, Juvcsti gntiou, evidence, jud^emont,' mid reason nro but empty word*." 11\. G. INOKHSOL, Major Marker, tlio head of tho Salvation Anny In Aiwtrnlln, in now in Sydney, niitl ilred liis first shot on Sunday morning lost, in tho Protestant Hall. About 850 purified OHM ntwomblcd to hear him-not n very 1 argo number yon will fwijy porlmps, confid ing that ho in n " Mujnh." I'orhajw tho fino morn ing had donibthing'e do with it-for it was a do lightful morning- and tho people of Sydney nro not HO roady to go to churoh wlion the1 woathor is ex ceptionally line. Even tho Salvationist it scorns enn get somowlmt ciok of scrvicc, At tuiy' rata, ouo in led to betiovo HO, nflor witncMing.tho ncauty moot ing tho Major hnd at hin first appearance; nud Oniilniit IxDvclock was const mined to toll thorn so boforo tho sorvico lxsgan, Ho said, " I notico a great foiling nwny among tho brethren, Thin tweaking away from tho out.-donr mareh<M won't do. Thin lookn like being n.shamcd of your Mfwtcr'n work," and NO on, Anticipating a email I wont oat'ly, an is my cuHtuin, ti got a front scat (you will always HOC me in a front seat when thoy are free). Very few were in when I took my neat, but about 20 soldiers marched into .the little aide room ; I don't know what you call them-I mdntt the rooms - but I sup. pose it Is here where the Orrtngemen get branded, or ridden on a rail, or fitted in a coffin, and so on. Well, these soldiers commenced ft moat diabolical din. In all scriotiHncvs, I never heard anything like it. They yelled and bellowed, stamped and clanjwd hands, sang and prayed, "and called for the Holy Qhost at the top of their Yokes. I did 'not think it possible, even for the Arniy, and I. am well used to .them, to 'act so like a lot of raving maniacs. This addition to their many wild prank* is a caution to alarm blacks. I don't know.what they call it. "Wrestling with old Nick : perhaps-or taking in inspiration. What they , kicked up such an infernal hullabaloo for I tiaiinot imagine, unless to attract notice. At any rate it pleases them, and they think it pleases God; and perhaps it docs. Every sect imagines that tlicir particular kind of ceremony is the most pleasing to God. Major Barker is really a fine looking young fellow, with quite a military appearance, cleaned shaved, flowing head of hair, sleek and jolly looking. He sjKsaks the English language better than the majority of Army officers. Ho diVidtsl 'his congregation, brothers to the right, sis'ers to the left. .When giv ing out the hymn, he shook, his head slowly ffom side to side, with his hands across his breast, li.is eyes fixed on the ceiling, looking beautifully in spired, and reminded one of old Dowling, late of South Creek. He, the Major (not old Dowliug)' asked his congregation to sit and sing, and to. keep their -eye.! closed. After the Hist verse, lie said, "Now I want you all to sing with more-heart; sing loud with the eyes shut close. You can see the glorious throne much clearer with the eyes: closed." They done the second verse better; -although I noticed several of the younger Loojah. Lasses with thoir eyes not finite shut-'a little bit of ? the glori ous throne as it were-peeliihg at the Major, Then the sisrers sang a verse by themselves, tlion the brothers, and so on. Then a Melbourne saint, who accompauied the Major, gavt? a short prayer, and the Majorcamcforward, nndsaid, "In all my ex perience, and I liav6 had a great, deal, I have found no organisations, wherein brotherly love so abounds, as in the Salvation Army, and more especially (judicious flnttcry) among the Sydney Army.Let that brotherly love'coutinue, and let it ascend _ to the throne of grace. . I believe in practical religion myself." Turning to the brothers, he snid. "Now I give you all the straight tl|>> 'J'hoje of you who are not saved hnd better get saved at once. Tlio.se of who smoke will have to glvb that up, for tobacco smokers nnd Jesus aro not friend.', 1 know it will bo a hard struggle for some of you who enjoy tho pipe, but 1 tell you that you cannot come to the penitent form with a pipe in your pocket." Turn ing to the sisters ho snid, "Yon must not lmve so much confab across the back yard fences on Monday morning. Telling what'Mrs. Thompson heard Mrs. Brown say about Mrs. JoneS. .If you have anything to say to your neighbour lot it be something nbout the good the Array did for, you." He spoke for about fifteen minutes, awl 'finished by exhorting all of them to get brimful of* the Holy Ghost at once. He holds the pipe up as an obstacle to salvation. Could fanaticism go to greater length. Old Spurgeon says that he smokes a pipe every evening for the glory of God. Mark Twain* says that lie smokes just when he feels like it for hi* own inward satisfaction. If nuyonu objects let. them got out of my way, ' 