MISCELLANY, : ;;; The Lliflc Miiclctoii. ! I announce myself to tho reader as- Tho .Man who believes in Ghosts-perh'nps.' At any rate 1 bcliovo in. my. father, nnd ho be- licved the story I nra" about to relate. My fqthcrwus a Briton. Ho lived. iu Englaud. many years ago'. Jfc resided nt Ipswlclij and once had occasion to go to London upon business, it was during n period of great popular commotion, hud the city being very full, he had some trouble in finding a lodging. The master of the house observed that it was a good, largo room (for he could get but oue)j and very comfortable, if he did notmiud— but there lie stopped for his wife gave him a nudge. That- rondo my hither suspect .that something was not quite right. " It isn't over a -slaughter-bouse,' or i a burial-ground, or n dissecting-room, is It ?" says he. . " Oh, dear, no," snys the landlonl, " hut some people say the next house -is haunted, ' and that nnybbdy who sleeps iu this room can see a lauy in white, crying, lit tlint win dow that you can see there."- " Oil, is that all ?" says my father ; " pcr- hniistlicre's some poor maniac confined there. Whether or no, huwovcr, that's no objection,' for I dont care a rush for all tho ghosts that, were ever invented." . Well, he took possession of the rooin, nnd. before night closed iu ho lind an opiwrtunity. of taking an nccurnto survoy of the noigh-: boring premises. A lend roof, apparently- over n workshop, lay between hiHwindowaud tlint where the ghost wns said to appear;;- only there was this difference, tlint he could easily step out of his upon the leads, whereas; the neighbor's was about nine or ten feet higher. My father always vowed that he was perfectly sober when lie went to bed. He couldn't tell how long ho had been asleep, when he was suddenly awakened by loud screams, nud when ho. opened his eyes lie saw that the opposite houso wns on fire. Ho was out on- the lends iu a moment. Tho haunted room was filled with bright finmcs, ami nt tho window stood a lovely young woman, clasping n -baby in her arms and screaming for help. 15 Oh! wive my child ! save my child!" she kept oil crying in tones of such anguish that they went to my father's very henrt. " Give it to me," lie wiid, "ami then jump out, into my arms. Tho distance is nothing —you cannot be hurt,:' Take courage. . Now give me the baby." \- She leaned forward and dropped the baby, wrapped np in ' a sbnwl, into my father's arms. Just as he got it snfc It seemed to him that the roof fell iu. . There was a crash ing noise, but not very loud'; the finmcs dis appeared, and so did the young lady. In nt his window ho rushed ngnin, nnd through tho house shouting "firoi firo !" with nil his might, hud witli the baby still in his arms; ' Out rushed the landlord as pale ns a ghost, nnd his wife after him in such a monument of a night-cap tlint it qulto overawed' my father even in tho midst of his ngitntion. The maid wad shrieking murder dqwti In the kitchen, and apprentices lind tumbled. out from under tho counter in the shop, - and wore poking their noses' out and ' kindly inquiring who was killing her ; and on every lauding up the stairs the lodgers wcro calling out to know what was tlio - matter.-' There wns altogether a terrific row in the place. '' "The next houso -is on firo I" said my father. ' ' ' " It's only the :old story," said the land lord. " Ruu up stairs, my dear, and tell them it's a false alarm," . "But it is hot a false alarm," .says my father, 44 for I saw the flames aiid I saw the roof fall in, and I fear tlint a lady is buried under, tho ruins. Whv don't you conic nnd hclphcr? Sho hnd just dropped hcrcliild into my arms when tho roof Cell." The landlady then first set oyes on tho bundle, for her husband nt that moment .lighted a candle from the rush-light, which hnd very imperfectly Illuminated the sccno before. 44 A baby !" says she. "Yes,". says my. father; and I think I'd hotter leave it with you, mndnm, while T go and endeavor to rescue the mother." The woman did not speak nor utter a sound, but she just lifted np tho shawl from tho child's face, and dropped down liko a lump of leiid upon tho floor. Instead of attending to her, both my father and tho landlonl looked into tiio shawl. J t contained tho skeleton of nn infant, wrapped up iu tho. nigs of wlrnt had once been very costly garments. My father felt very sick, and the Jnndlonl staggered lxick against tho . wall, ninl drop|ied the candlestick out of his luiml. When tho landlady fell (sho was a tall, heavy woman, nud gave the houso a good, shake) the maid screamed murder louder than ever, nnd the .lodgers called out yet more energetically to know what was the matter. That frightened the landlonl hack into his senses, for ho thought if they.came 1 'down and saw what my father had got, It would - frighten them all out of the house. So lie caught up the candle, which luckily wns not extinguished by the fall, and pushed my father with his bundle into the bedroom. Then ho called out Hint it was only tho Rlrnngc gentleman hnd had tho nightmare, nnd ills wife hnd been frightened into n fainting lit. Mo they all went grumbling back to bed, and the man helped hls'wifo into her room, where my lather, stood trembling nnd slinking, not having presence of mind enough to put down the bundle, and nut oven daring to look into it again. - . The little skeleton was quletlv buried the next, day by an old sexton, who asked no questions, ns hp knew tho landlord was a respectable householder ; , and ho , they nil concluded that the ghost' wns satisfied, and that that was the renson why sho never appeared again. ' ;.y .When my father examined thc 'plncc closely by daylight he baw evident mniks of fire about'tho windows, .but lie was assured tbcsb wore/thc rcmniiis' of. a. firo that" had happened there a great many years before. In snort, the ; whole,; affair, of . the apparition seemed to shroud some fearful mystery which was ' porfcctly1 Inexplicable. "Some years . after,; when, he was -in - London - ngninrmy fntltcr 'chdcAvbred to find out the house in the lioiH! of obtaining a cluo to the mystery, but he could find nothing but admass jjf ruins." ' That' street : muV soiiuf ot hXra"wcrc just demolished, to make -way for what is now Regent- street. 