At a time when Parliamentary business is outrowiug tbe capacity ot Parliament to deal with it in almost every country, it seems eminently desirable that som6 means for simplifying the procedure of debate should be adopted in this country we escape a great deal of work that an ICnglish Parliament has to deal with. We are not troubled with a State Church and with the porpleringquestion wli«th#»r Ari'/IiranR win rash in f-liatr graves if irregularly baptised, or uubap- tised persons slumber near them. We have no dependencies to consider, and for the most part no relations with foreign .States that can make ns uneasy. Never theless work is constantly accumulating npon us, and at this momeut there are fifteen or twenty measures more or less of urgency which I arliameut ought to put inte shape before Christmas. Setting a-ide tor a moment the question of stone walling, we may surely say that tho usual way in which Covernmeat aud private bills are prepared is supremely unsatisfactory. Let us take the Publio health Amendment Act that was passed lust session. It was a compila tion from three of our unrepealed Acts, and from certain Acts that have been recently passed in Pngland ; the framers in this colony haviug selected whatever appeared to be beat adapted for their own purposes, and patching together what was designed to be a complete sauitary code irom the most various sources. Obviously it takes a great deal of practical knowledge to do this properly . and though the advisers of tLe Government knew pretty well what powers they wanted to get, they were quite ignorant of the legal ma chinery that would be required for applying the bill. Where the Eng lish Acts provide numerous schedules with all the le:al forms that ore likely to be required, the Victorian leaves the local Hoards to devise forms of legal process for themselves, with the result that, in one very simple case that oc curred lately, a board that wanted to de lare a house unlit for human habi- I tation had to call in the ass, stance of a j professional lawyer. In this particular | instance the Act was pas-ed with j comparatively little change through the two Houses, and certainly owes none of iU defects to any tinkering in Committee. Yery often, however, hours are. wasted in an ineffectual attempt to draft clauses anew during an agitated de bate, with no better result than that tho P.ill proves to be unintelligible or self- contra.iictory, and only serves as a butt for the ponderous jocularity of lawyers when it comes to be quoted in the Courts. Acain, when Parliament attempts to cor- - rect and revise draftsman a work, it ex poses itself to be cheated by the lawyers whom it is trusting. We all rcmembef how the I 'uffy Land Act proved an egre gious failure because the law adviser of the Crown inserted some very simple words, the exact purport of which was not detected till it appeared that they were a legalisation of wholesale dummy ing. So again in tbe : and Act of 1 8->9, the clause that was supposed to give the ( 'rown- the riuht of entry upon private land for mining purposes has- proved to be absolutely valueie-s. Pro- bably no questions are better under stood in the Assembly than the land question and the ri.:hts of mining in all its aspects, but not a single unprofes sional member detected fraud OI haw in these particular clauses, and even the lawyers in th 1 1 ouse were as . unobservant as the laymen. The fact is, members approach the discussion of a Bill in its clauses with a general impression that tho phraseology has been carefully looked to by the law officers of the Crown, and that all that is needed is to make sure that the ueneral principles of the measure are sound in all their bearing , Fiom a common sense point of view this is, in fact, all that ought to be demanded of them. Unhappily the preent system of divided responsibilty throws the whole duty of prepar'ng measures upon one set of professionally incompetent men, and the whale burden of criticising them upon another. i.et us assume a aineronr practice to be adopted ; and that instead o& bringing down a formal Bill in the first instance, Ministers simply submitted resolutions - lot us say something like the marginal notes at present ap pended to Acts of Parliament - took the opinion of the House upou these, and then entrusted the best draftsman in the country with the duty of putting the resolutions adopted into proper legal language. Of course, tbe Bill in its revised form would need to be sub mitted again, but this time would in fact be its third reading, when amend ments in detail wonld not be accepted unless the House decided to recommit it. Is it not reasonable to suppose that in this case a draftsman, jealous of hie reputation, and having liberty to recast the resolutions ,as he thought best, would contrive to make his work harmonious and exhaustive 1 Wonld not such a man looking up the English Acts as he went on take care to insert those missing schedules which are so lame: tably wanted in our Health Act; and would he uot have avoided such a blunder as that which defeated Mr. Grant's good intentions in the Land Act of ISd'.il There remains, of course the doubt whether such a law officer, armed as he certainly would be with enormous power, would uot be tempted to misuse it uow and again : whether he would not carry out the wishes of the Ministry rather than the instructions of the House, and whether evea in cases where great pecuniary interests were involved he might not be accessible to the coarser forms of corruption. h.ven so, it must be borne in mind that by the plan we suggest the Honse would be no worse olT than it is under the present system. It would reject the Pill, if it detected the trick played npon it at the third reading, and practically it can do no more than this now. On tho other hand, it would be in comparably safer iu the hands of a well paid expert, who had a large salary and a professional reputa tion to lose if he went wrong, than it is at present. We have assumed the pos sibility of such a man being tampered wif-li onrl tra tvill occiiTTiA nlsn frli-it. lift might have an inveterate C onservntivo bias which might be almost a3 mis chievous as corruption. Experience, however, we think, shows that the pro fessional honor of the leading members of the bar may safely be trusted to in all matters from which considerations of political partisanship are excluded. Un luckily it is impossible to count upon Parliamentary lawyers for separating party tactics from departmental work. Should this plan be adopted, it is cortain to cause a very great saving of time. Members will be better able to see what a measure before the House pro;<ose8 : and stone wallers will ba de prived of their favorito pastime of raising captious objections to the phraseology of clauses. No one can expect so im portant a change to be adopted sud denly, but it may reconcile soma persons to considering it if they will remember that the first prac tice of our English Parliaments was very mnch of this sort. The King and the Houses agreed npon the change, and the Crown lawyers put it into shape. In early times, however, the safeguard of public aud repoitei discus sions was wanting ; neither was the formality of submitting the finished measure to the approval of Parliament ob-erved. So it was that we drLted into the more artificial method which has lasted down to the present day, and which is beginning to prove unbearably cumbrous and dilatory. Probably there is no form of publica tion in the world iu which the diversities j of human character come out with stronger and more startling distinctness than in the correspondence column of a popular newspaper, Almost every | phase of self- conceit and egotism is to be seen in them side by side with almost every phase of imbecility. From the circumstance that they are confidential, they encourage people to pour them selves out as plain as downright Shippen or old Montaiguo who would otherwise shrink from the responsibility of letting j the public into the secret of their indi- I viduality : and thus they become an in teresting record of the mental condition I of numbers of respectable fathers and ! mothers of families, jrhose peculiar I traits and dispositions are mercifully ; protected from the suspicions of their : best friends by the impenetrable veil of j anonymity that is thrown over them. Which of us for instance can fail to ' appreciate tbe benevol»nt character of the cuntrivance which enables the author . of the following letter to unburden his braiu of the perilous stutt' that seethe3 and ferments within its cells and at the same time keeps the family circle igno- . rant of the authorship : — j A liuN K n Y WHH'JUT WINICRRS. I to tuc Eu:Toa or rax ago. 1 Sin, — WoalJ you please insrrt in your valuable journal (now ibat tho I ig pan of Ireland is silenced) one question from Irishmen, tiio war of good and aril ended last December, I am tfcosen 8 jadge. I find I nm xaahH to com® to a Tcrdict who won, who lost — good or evil. Mr, Parnell spoke witn i\ tougno of fife, Qacen Vic toria spoke with a tongue of firo, which has fulfilled trinity law in tbo words "you can do as yon like to mo, but nhen the holy ghost comes he will speak with atcngao ot firo," which is to fulfil trinity l»w in the words, 11 Tho first will be Inst and the last first," Rose, Thistle and Shamrock, I am told, in airing niy vcrd ct not to "lore the first and' despise tbo last, <t lore the last and despise tho first." Tho wise men of tbo east representing tbo Thistle will show lair p ay between the Rose and Shamrock, "When three Scotchmen ure chosen for to repre sent me as "Thistle,"! mII stHrt to giro ray knowledge. Qnecn Victoria mast bo repre sented by three girls of honor and rirtne chosen from Melbourne. Mr. Pamcll most he represented by turee Irishmen of honor and Tirtue; they must tnre a good knowls 'ge of the law from the "ark" to Herod's daughter ; the law from Herod's dau bter to the 6r?t Pope of Borne, from him to Luther, from Luther to Mary Qoeen of Scotland, from Mar. (uecn of Scot, land to Qneen Victoria, from Qneon Victoria to 3ohn Brown, from John Brown to Miss Anne Pamell, from Miss Anno Parnell to Mr. Parnell, from Mr, Parnell to the son of the woman that belonged to stable where Mary, tior son and tho donkey that that aas in the stab!, was— horn. .loh'» Brown, while living, represented the donkey ; and 1 have ibe honour to say that a man in Rich, mood takes John Brown's place. He is to bo judge whether Trinity Law will be fulfilled by man, animal or womn. Re-.ju«at:nq you will publish this in your valuabl journal— remain, Sir, yours, &c.;, Inxsix Scottish Kkqlish j.5D Victopjak Chartered Doskhy. P.S. — Sir,— 1 request you will pnbl'sh tho above. X have been io Melhourno too years. It's amongst tbo of Melbourne I would wish to civs my first lecture on the Honor unit Dis honor of the Rose, Thistle end c-hanirock, to enable me to fulfil the finishing of trinity law "work" and" teach." — Yours, Ac., W. F. Tlie writer of this pleasant apocalyptic exercise entrusts bis name to our keep ing, so that of course we cannot men tion it, except to say that, as might have been expected from tho conspicuous place assigned in it to the shamrock and MtO rtirnell, he is an Irishman and that be dates from West Melbotirna Swift in an essay on the nse of madmen in a Commonwealth thinks that madness has been the parent of all the most startling revolutions in Fmpire. philo sophy and religion, and suggests that a set < f shrewd co n missioned; might find some of the fittest candididates for the offices of State within the four walls of Bedlam. Were his suggestion to be carried out, the position which our cor respondent would occupy in the new Irish Umpire that is to be would not be inferior to that of Mr. Parnell himself. Tho motley crowd of unrelated images that figure in his chaotic page remind one of the grotesque combinations that float before the disordered vision of a Conservative orator in the act of giving birth to an after-dinner enlogium on the peerage ; or better still they help us to understand the lawless shape m which the local option question might present itself in the dreams of an in furiated Licensed Victualler. If, as the poet says, there is a pleasure in being mad which none but madmen know, the feelings of "Chartered I'onkey" on recognising himself in print this morn ing ought to be of a very enviable character ; because, as our daily ex perience telle ns, even the soundest and most sensible peoplo are known to go off their heads with joy at the thought of being mistaken for public instructors. Whether the knowledge that he is still at large, and in the full exercise of his liberty to do other things not quite so harmless as letter writing will be quite bo satisfactory to his friends, is another question. In making this use of his letter it is perhaps unnecessary to say that our ob.ect is not so much to attract the notice of the police as to give the Btudent of psychological curiosities somjs notion of the rich field that is open to him in the editorial letter-box if he could only get access to its secrets. As many curio-ities got into that box as ever were thrown into the witches' caldron in Macbeth, and society is very far from knowing bow mnch it is indebted to it for carrying off the vapors and distempers that are always seeking an ontlot even in the soundest and healthiest of body politics. As a factor in the formation of public opinion it cannot well be superseded, for a good letter often settles a controversy as conclu sively as a good article, a. good speech or a good sermon. People who read nothing else read the correspond ence columns for entertainment and instruction and profess to be able to find it there. \t ith what aversion Shelley shrank from the more solid literature of tho other columns every reader of his life recollects : and Charles Lamb has left it on record that he always skipped the foreign news, the debates and the politics, for the sake of ascertaining what was the lost domestic grievance of an Indignant Fakir, or what new thing in perpetual motion Inventor was ready to give a sceptical public for an adequate consideration. We learn by telegram that the German press is complaining of the annexation policy pursued or sanctioned by the English Government ; and if we had the language of the complaint, wo have no doubt it would be found to be an ocho oi the now famous speech ad dressed by Prince Bismarck to the Reich stag upon the subject in Juno last In that Bpeech the great Chan cellor admitted that notwithstand ing tho enormous eini .'ration from tho German States, Germany was utterly withoutcolonics to receive tho emigrants, and in her present condition was not a colonising Power like 1- ranee and England. At the same time he let France and England know that if they had de termined to appropriate the unoccupied territories of the globe, Germany claimed to share in the plunder. lie disapproved strongly of the proposed settlement of the Congo affair, and wbilo he threatens France that " she stands before the gatos " of Metz' and that if German colonists suffer any injury at her hands she will have to answer for it nearer home, be remonstrates in more courteous tones with the attitude of the Cape Go vernment towards the L'oers, whom he claims to be Germans by race. The speech, a-? our correspondent telegraphed to us at the time, created a decided sensation in Europe, and it was generally understood that the project of annexing New Guinea had been given up by \lr. Gladstone in consequence- of it. Since it was delivered New Uuinea lias been virtually brought under the !Brit\sh flag, and the Cape Govern ment lias formally incorporated the Wolfish Ray district, a large pas toral country immediately to the north of the German settlement of Angra requefia. These two circum stances are quite enough to account lor the menacing tone of the Germau press, which doubtless writes as it is inspired. It must be particularly galling to the master of so many legions whose in fluence in Europe is paramount, to find ' the waste places of the earth closed against him ; and - nothing can be more calculated to irritate and in flame German awnir y royre than to see France, above all other powers, pursuing ber aggrandising career in Madagascar and Western China, to My nothing of ber designs in Pacific iraters. The practical question is, of course, what will Bismarck do to prevent it ! Be lias no iieet and no ports, and he cannot annex Holland by a mere vote of tho Reichstag. It must not be forgotten, however, that he has powerful allies and a powerful army whom he can employ at any moment to clip the wiDgs of any Power that thwarts his patriotic aspirations in the cause of Fatherland. As has been said for him: his arm stretches through the alliances of his Government far be ond the limitsof German v, and if the German people only respond to bis summons, as they seem ready to do, there will not be a question raised in Asia, Africa, or Australia, in the settlement of which he will not de mand to have a finger 