CAUIFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Saturday. Work was comracncod by Berosford, who wont tkroo times round on the sand" at a Rood bat. Higinbothara, on Don Quixote, sont hint a mile on the courso proper, "running wide,- and accom plished thoionrnoyin. I -min. 53 sec., coins strongly. This horse is in hotter condition than any o( tho otbors in the' samo Btablo. ' Capri, with O'Crion up, cautorod, and- thdti joined Polestar at tho milo, both racing -from thoro ; a', though O'Brion brought out tho whip, ho was unablo to ativooffPolostar, who easily dofeated him. Lo Grand wont on tho grass, spirting homo from tho half milo P03t, tbo champion going strongly. Cupola did a good spirt of half a milo. ""The rain now sot in, preventing any- workboingdoiiefor some timo. Novollotto then covorod half a milo in good stylo. Mozart— Campbell's— did a mile at a strong paca, and Friendless was sont useful work tbrco times round. Eglinton and Tissuo cantorod, and wore then treated to faster work for half a milo. Batty gavo Yately one round at half paco, finisbino with a good three-quarter spirt, Decoivor and Ontario did goad work on tho sand ; Umkerto put in a fast five furlongs on tbo grass ; Look's two, Strug'glcrand Scaramouch, wont t»o rounds, and 'then another at a much faster rate, Dayid and Ditto cantered, and tben accomplished seven furlongs, the Guineas' horso having much the best ofit". Camerino and Dargo wont together, this time a mile, both going very freoly ; the maro is looking very well. Hey- wood's Spartan did useful work, finishing up with a good spirit. Grace Darling, Norfolk wns a way at Plomington. Grace Darling, Norfolk and Tho Ghost waut on- the courso proper, tho former coming home Borne lengths in advanco after doing a mile. Merry Fonella, in Robinson's stable, was sont useful work. Monday. Iliginbotham was the first to load off with Don Quixoto, treating him to thrco rounds slowly on the sand. Capri and Lo Grand, O'Brion riding thn lattor, wont together for throo rounds on tho inner track. The third round tho pace was increased, then Lo Grand wont another round alone finishing up strong. Friendlossund Syphon wont half paco on' the sand, tho lattor looking none tho worso for his run on Saturday at Flom-. ton ; tlioy compassed two rounds at a good paco. Batty gavo Ontario thrco turns oyer the hnrd'os, tho horso moving and jumping with great froe- dom. Merry Fenclla and Cupola were given mo- diuni paco work thrco rounds on tho centre track, Itowo on Chester, and loading i'olcslar, trottod round the track four timos. . Yatcly cantered on tho sand thrco rounds, and the groyconld not look much bettor. Nonsense cantered two rounds, finishing up with a good spirt. Eglin ton, in a hood with O'Brien up, and Tissuo wero sont together at a slow, pace for a littlo ovor two miles. The practice of bringing dogs on tho courso, although warned by the ranger that poison has been laid, was the canso of Eglinton nearly coming to griof through swerving badly. Spartan did useful work, three rounds on tho inner track. Seizure, Angler nnil Veritas in that order put in thrco rounds on the sand, tho stocplcclmso winner moving freoly and wcdl. Some candidates forthe Findon Harriers Vasonext put in an appearance, which agreeably varied the monotony of the morniug's dullness. Tho Laird and Redoubt fenced very well, both going at a good bat for a littlo mora tlmn a mile ovor tho schooling fences. New Babylon, another aspi rant, camo to griof with his ridor at tho jump next tho half milo post. Lizottc went alone on the sand pnlling hard ; the maro is bo- ginning to look very well and strong. Coriolanus in bandages went as well as anything on tho courso thrco rounds, pnlling up quito fresb. Umbcrto also did similar work. Batty then sent Deceiver a good striding gallop ovor the foncss ; tho horso fencing very brilliantly. Stampede was out for walking oxorcise. Tho Bohemian and Moled ions in Jones's stable wont soparatcly Oil tho sand threo rounds at half pace. Tippity Witchett wont with Egbert for several rounds, putting in somo nico work ; tho lattor is by Goidskrough out of Isabel, and is a vory taking colt, on tho improving side. Canuto, also from tho same etahlo, worked two rounds on the inner courso. Norfolk, who was nt ouo time first favorite for tho last Caulticld Cup, looking vory fit, did throo turns nt half speed, and with G st. 13 ib. ho should have something to say in tho prosont one. Grace Darling, Tha Ghost and ICingfishor all went on- tho sand at working enn- tors, tlm Bracelet wlnnor going very cngcrly. Nuncio also wns exorcising on tho sand track. Mr. Davis was tho last with ' his string, sanding Dargo and Camoriue on tho sand a real good gallop of a milo at bottor paco than any of tbo other performers, . Ditto and David trotted and cantorod on tho inner track, the Guineas colt looking and going vory dotorminedly. Thcso wero tho Inst to oxcrcisd before breakfast ; afterwards Dofiunco-and . Pilot, jumpers iu tho same stablo, woro troatod to slow work. : . 'i'uosday. Alio courso luia morning assumed an atii- mated aspect, in consoquonco of it having beon whispered that some important trials would tqko ' placo, and a larger numborof spectators than bud yot been prcBont put in an appoaranco. Tho mormiig was very cold, sevcro frost having pot. in, but tho atniosphoro bocanic more gonial uftor tho sun had risen. Itowo, with his two . chestnuts, . NonsciiBo and Chester, woro first on tho track, going sovoral rounds at a slow paco on tho sand. Higinbotbam : next sont . Don Quixote, O'Frhn up, ..and Tissuo, and after cantering s'owly they jtimpoi . away from tho mile post, Don heading tho filly hoforo going far, and boat her easily by a longth ' doing tho mils in 1 min. 54 sec. Ho went alone alono for another couplo of furlongs, showing good form. Yately on tho grass, looking hlooin. ing, cantorod, and then wont twico round at throo- quartor pace, finishing up with a good spirt, bis appearance being much admired. Syphon and Friendloss, tho jumpers in Connolly's stable, did strong work on tho sand track. Leek's Straggler also perforwod on tho sand at a modium paoo. Capri, with O'Brien up, and Polestar, with -his trainor, Rowu, in tho saddlo, wero now sont si strong gallop tho Cup distance— both jumping off togotbor— but it was a reposition of tiro previous trial betweon these horses, Polestar pulling hard, whilst C'apri, undor tho 'whip, was oasily boaten by tho formor, tho timo bain- Blow. Tho Sydney filly, Urba, by Julian Avonol— Paraohuto was a visitor to tho courso, but only did modornto work ; shois enqago I in tho Great Foal Stakes at Caulliold, Grace Darling and Norfolk, stahlo companions, wont two rounds on tho courso uropor, both going aud looking r'-ry woll. Tho following horses ' also did useful work on the sand track :— Tlio Ghost in Raid's Btablo, Voritas and Midnight in Connolly's, also Tho Laird, Borosford, Gildoroy and Canuto. Spartan, with Allan up, went two good rounds on tho contro track ovor ti.o hurdles. Tho chosrnut son of Proto-Martyr acquitted him self creditably. Nuncia, Wanga. Kingfisher and Uinberto did steady work 011 tho grass, tha lattor finishing up with a good spirt. Corlolanua and Tho Bohemian journoyed on tho coursq pronor, finishing up vory strongly, tho old horso having tlio host of it, but bo bad alight boy in tho oaddlo. Decoivor nnd Ontario, with Batty tip, woro sont a striding gallop on tlio sand, tho lattor going very ' strongly to tlio ond. Eglinton and Lo Grand, tho lattor with 0 Brion up, now camo on tlio track- Tlio colt did gentlo oxerciso, and tho big horso went alono two rounds, and then strode along for 7 furlongs ; ho is looking very hearty, Srara-' moucb and Mozart spirted, and then tho former .went alono for a round. Egbert, in Ling's Btablo, looking well, did useful work on tho grass, tlio colt winding up with a good breather, Molo.. dious, ridden byO'Brion, went slowly round, Mien wound up with a half mile spin, tho daughter of Goldsbrough and Isabol coining homo vory freoly. David and Ditto trotted, and cantorod on tbo sand, then wero sent along 5 furlongs on tho era's at tliree- quarlor spoon, tho winnor of the Great Foal Stakes moving vofy ovonly. Cnma- rino and Dargo wero -only sent slow work 00 tho sand and courso. Capoia, with O'Brien up, and Mary Fonella, stablo mates, after cantering, broko from tho mile, tho chestnut colt of Air. Clcoiand's easily disposing of tho filly and com ing homo with plenty in hand. First Pop raid- Violot, in Jonos's stahlo, woro not on tho courso. Wednosday. Tho rain commenced a littlo after four a.m. anil it was not vory tempting for men or horses to loavo comfortable quarters and encounter tho olomonis on tho courso. It was expected that a gcod many jumpers would bo oxercising, hut only two woro out, and many of tho othor horses in training just put iu an appearance and returned to their boxes without having thoir rags takon off. Umbra, tho Now South Wales filly, lodoff, and did good work, but sho docs not appear fit enough for tho Great Foal Stakes. Batty gavo Onlario strong oxoroiso ; tho hurdlo raeor has been doing well. Deceivor, in tha samo stablo, . . was sont along at a good bat, . with Sims .up ; both those horses, together with Yatcly auii Umbcrto. in tho samo stable, reflect creditably on tho trainor for having them in such capital, condition, . Kglinlun, with O'Brien up, and Tissuo, both in clothing, wero sent thrco good useful turns on tho inner courso. Yatcly only did slow work, but moved with his usual " frcodom, going threo rounds on the innor track. Merry Fonolla did similar work ; tho daughter of Fonella is looking very well. Gilderoy nnd Spartan, from Hey wood's, Allan riding tho lattor, did serviceable work, tho chestnut eager to get along, and tho steeplechaser pulling hard as usual. Rowc, with Chester aud Nonsense, - Lading Polestar, wore only trotted and cantered sevoral rounds. Legrand and Capri, clothed, O'Briou on tho formor, wont two rounds slowly, and another nt an improved speed. Capoia, on the inner track, wont vory frooly,. and tho little chestnnt, being in rare buckle, got , - ovor a .couple of turns in goo l form. Don Quixoto, with W. Glasscock as pilot, went twice round the middle course ovor tlio hurdles, but did not jnmp we'!, getting too close to bis fonccs. probably owing to the nature- of the ground on wbioh tho hurdles are Bituated. Kingfisher and Egbert, in P. Leng's stable, were oat doing ma- diam pico work. Canato, from tha same stable, Cullen riding, was despatched over tlio hurdles, doing two rounds, and tho son of Panic, who will run for tlio First Hurdlo ltaco on Saturday, jumped vory well, Connelly's two, Friendless ana SyphoD, cxercisoil slowly, hut (ho others did not perform. Umberto cantered, nnd Mo'odioua, witii O'Brien up, cantered also, and then spurted along for 4 furlongs, howling along boaunfjilly. Coriolanus snd Tlio Bohemian looking big, did slow work on the sand, two rounds. On Tues day afternoon tho jumpers Chester nnd Roekol woro sont over the schooling fences two rounds, both jumping woll. Nonsonso balked, and his ridor camo off, hut Rowe subsequently got him ovor tho hurdles. Norfolk, with J. Williams up, in company with Tho Ghost and Grace Darling, went a mile, whips end spurs boing introduced— Norfolk boating Tha Ghost a length, with Graco Darling nowhere. Dargo and Camorino wont a mite on the grass inside— the more having tho mo t to say at tho finish, going wall. This is tho host gallop sho has had for a long time. Lcok's Solo, by Ncwminstor— Lady Susan, can torod onco round, and wound up with a sharp half mile. Connelly had out Orlando on tbo in ner track, and sent Seizure a good working gallop. Queen Bess was cantering, Lo Grand and Capri woro also doing slow work. Thursday. Dargin was tho first to start this morning, Umbra doing two rounds on the innor track, niginbotham sent Don Quixoto, O'Brion up. with Folostar for a milo, tho hurdlo racer cloaring away from his companion at tho finish, and boating him by two lengths. Rowo sont Choster throo rounds, going well ; Nonscuso also did good work. Connolly sont Syphon and Friendless on tho inner track serviceable gallops, Friondloss being very eager lo mako tho paco hotter, Capri, with O'Brien up, and Tissuo from the samo slabio, went n cantor, winding up with n threo-quartur gallop. Mozart wont on tho courso pror er, finishing up with a good spirt. Canato worked on the sand. LoGrand, cogor togo, went threo rounds at a good ' bat. LcngscntKinglishcranitEgbort.tho young ouo i hoiog tho best from the half milo spirt. Corio- lanus and Tho Bohemian wovo doing good work, .' tho former, who looked in tho host condition, had- tho alvnntago of his companion in a spirt., -."-z Melodious, in Jonos's stablo, ran half milo in good. , form, Seizure and Angler' woro sont oVor tho' " ,mp!, i.»ib hor-c- ntrongly. Ynt«Iy went twipi." on flic jmsf, t -c In't rpunu last : thisnorss is veiy fit andiias nmuy n iraircra. Tbo jumrora Drocircr. Tho Lafril, licrusforil nnd Ontario oxorciacd. Cupola mot Merry "cnella and f'n- tario racing b-.iuo, tlio chesuiut being quito dono nt the finish. Soino n-w nrrirals put in an np- pearance nt ton a.m. Oroy, in chargo of Mr. W. Toarson's string, sent Tron Hand, Tuttlor, Qasn- lior, Northern Light and Gasburner useful work. Tli oso hones are looting well, but havo not quito recovered tboir journey as yet. Look's Scaramouch and Straggler did UBeful work. Davie sent Camorino nnd .Dargo six furlongs, tho mora having tho best of it. Ditto and Spartan, Allan up, in company journoyod over tho hardleB. both jumping well. Gilderoy worked on tbo sand. David and Ditto on tbo rails went together, tho Gnineas horso looking blooming. Keid's string, Tho GboBtand Norfolk went strongly, and pioked up Graco Darling a mile from home, the latter easily holdinsberown at tho finiBb. Gayla'l, 4 years, and Cloth of Gold havo arrived to compote for tho honora of Oaul- fiold. Thoy nro located at Bradshaw's, in Highett road. 