MISTAKES IN NURSING. [by A MEDICAL MAS.] To lainistef- to the sick is one of the noblest ambitions of the present age, as •' evidenced by the number of people Who vol untarily devote themselves to sneh duties, independently of the calls of affection or considerations of reward. To he a good nurse requires a rare combination of exc-el ■ lences'in the same individual—intelligence, physical strength, a kind disposition with firmness, a light hand and foot, courage greater than that which aninates the soldier on the battle-field, and, above all, untiring patience. Given these, and: the nurse becomes more than half the remedy; mot only inspiring confidence on the part of the patient, but of the surgeon or physician also, who can rely that his instructions will be carried out with implicit obedience to the letter. Such a paragon, however, is-rarely 1 to be met with, except as an emissary-iVom ■ one or the other of those admirable institu tions ^vhere ladies are trained under skilful management for this work: and in the vast majority of cases, an invalid - :s placed in the hands of his immediate'friends or rela tions, who, with the - best intention, it must be confessed o'ften prejudice his < comfort and retard his recovery by the very ' over-anxietv which is bred of affection. The object of this paper is not to convey the instructions necessary for the education of an accomplished nurse—a difficult '-task —but to enumerate a few small points •which should be avoided, as tending greatly to the discomfort of the patient, and for the ; guidance of those who, without previous ■ experience,' find themselves suddenly thrust into this most responsible position. Quietude is a great thing, of course; but " real quietude means the absence of all excitement, and it must- be / remarked that anything out of the common will tend to \- excite the niiud of a sufferer. Do not, ~ therefore walk on tiptoe, for ;this, in - addit ion to its unusual elaboration of the gait, invariably causes a certain amount of creak ing. if peak in low tones, but don't whisper; a whisper will often disturb a sleeper who would not be disturbed by ordinary conver sation ; and never say * Husli!' Let your clothes and foot covering be of as noiseless and unobtrusive character as possible, and j instead of gliding and tottering about like a rickety ghost, do not hesitate to walk. If you have occasion to say anything in the room, say it so that the patient can hear it if he wishes, and do not let him be aware ■of your conspiring privately with the others, especially at the door. That door has much to answer for. If it be visible from the bed, people open it cautiously put then heads in, and slowly withdraw again. If, as is more frequently the case, it is screened" by the bed-curia ;us, mysterious openings \- and shuttings are heard, unattended by any apparent ingress or eg: ess. and sotto-voce \- colloquies go on outside. When you enter, • do so honestly and at*once; do not spend five minutes in turning the handle, like -housebreaker, thereb}T producing a series of \- irritating little clicks, finally terminating in : a big snap, vrith which the door flies open. If the latch be at all rust}-, a handle that is slowly wound back in this way will often \- stick, and either require to be rattled back into position, or, if left as it is, 'may start back suddenly, after a time, • of its own accord--witlra-report like a pistol shot ! It is always well -to recollect that it 'by no, ' means follows that a sick person is asleep because his eyes are shut, he may be ^acutely conscious of all that is passing in the room, though unable or unwilling to " make any sign : and nothing can be more maddening under such circumstances than ■ to have people hush-sh- shing, and whisper ing around, and creaking about on the tips • of their toeE. We have all- sympathised in «our hearts -with poor Sir Leicester Dedloek when his "tongue was smitten with paralysis, with Ills sister constantly bending over him with clasped hands and murmuring, * He is -asleep!'—till, goaded to desperation, he ma'"'-s signs for his slate and writes, 'I am iaot' _n ever stand at the foot of the bed and look at the patient. "While talking to him, it is Letter to sit by the -side of the bed, and -^a.s near the pillow as possible, so that you liiiuy converse easily, while your face and body are turned in the same direction as Lis. By this rueaus you can make all .necessary <jbservat.i.n of his features -without taufbrciii" the arrest of his eves to your own, which is so embarrassing ami disagreeable to one lying in bed, and it is almost unavoidable when facing him. Keep him in as comfortable position as possible, by all-means, but don't be too demonstrat ive in -soothing the pillows and little offices of that sort. Fidgety attentions will worry him. and do him more harm than down right neglect. When you are sleepy, it is better for your charge, as well as for yourself, that you should go to bed at once, and get that repose in slumber-to which you must event ually succumb, however strong your devo tion may be, and however great the inter ests at stake. It is net necessary to dwell here on the prudence of economising your strength, that you may be capable of greater or prolonged exertions, should the need for them arise, or to leek at this detail from the point of view which affects your self. But, in a ny case, yon can he of little or no service, worn out with fatigue, and in a condition ~ more akin to somnambulism than vigilance, and the spectacle of nodding, dozing nurse is neither soothing i or reassuring to the sufferer ; while if you be one near and dear to him, he will be tor mented with anxiety lest you should impair your own health on his account. In such a case as this, you cannot do better than lie down comfortably on a sofa or bed where he can watch you, and there have a good nap —for his sake. Some people have a great notion of 'tempting the appetite'by the suggestion of all manner of eatables and drinkables, or by bringing them ready prepared to the bedside experimentally. This, no doubt, is very well at times—during convalescence, for instance ; but as a medical man, I am persuaded that it is a mistake in the earlier stages of illness, when all food is loathed alike, and the creation of an appe tite is an impossibility. The only thing to be done is to impress on an invalid the necessity of taking what is ordered for him at stated times, just as he takes his medi cine : and it should be prepared on the same footing as a medicine—with the understanding that it is a nauseous dose, and must be presented in a form that will admit of its feeing swallowed as compactly and rapidly as possible. -It is worse than useless to employ flavouring matters «t this stage, with the idea of making anything palatable : if you can render his food abso lutely tasteless, you will do far more for him. And beyond this forcible administra tion, so to-Speak, of a certain amount, I think little good is gained by suggesting this or that delicacy, in the hope that your patieut may be Induced to 'fancy' some thing. We may take it for granted that when he feels inclined for anything, "he will ask for it spontaneously ; and the prompt ings of-mature are far mere likely to lead him to a choice of what is best for him, than our string of suggestions. I have fre quently observed that when sick people have mentioned a desire for any special food they almost invariably eat of it when it is procured ; whereas it often happens, when they have been persuaded to assent to something that has been proposed, the incli nation—if it ever existed—has passed away before the dish or- article can be brought to them. I say, 'if it ever existed' for there is no doubt that a patient often yields to sugges tions in sheer - extremity, simply for the sake of peace. I happened to be in a sick room the other day, when a relative arrived on the scene. She had been warned to repress all emotion, and succeeded very well; but her fender solicitude was wholly irre pressible. I am sure that she asked at least twenty questions in less than a minute, until the unhappy sufferer writhed under them. ' Shall I raise your head a little? Will you have another pillow? Wouldn't you like your head a little higher? Let me fan;you. -Will'-you have the blind up? What-can I get you? Some arrow root? Do try some! I am sure you will lie more comfortable with another pillow. Will you have one ?—yes : do! I'll go and get one. 'Will you have a cup of tea? I'm sure it would do you good. A cup of tea'wont take a minute.' &c.; The cup of tea has been a dreadful instrument of torture m the hands of well-meaning people who would not knowingly have teased a fly. These-are small things, you will say. But a small thing in health is often magni fied to a grave-tnatter in sickness, and the sum-total of them all may be as serious in their effect as the disease itself. It will be seen that the few points upon which I have laid stress are such as are calculated to ■ promote tranquillity of- mind—which, indeed, is half the battle in medical "treatment. It is generally conceded that a trained nurse, who has no interest in the patient beyond that which the duties of her office impose, is better fitted to expedite his recovery than those who are bound to him by ties of affec tion, however welcome their presence may be in the hour dr affliction. Whether the reader will agree with me, or not, is more lhan I can tdll, but my experience foreign countries has impressed me with the conviction that men make far better nurses than women.—From Chamber£ Journal. 