T0W1 TILS, It is surely a striking instance^ pf the saying that ' extremes meet,' br of the irony of fate that the in troduction into our criminal law -of the principle pf ' extenuating circumstances ' should fall to the lot of Sir Alfred Stephen. If ever there was a Judge on any Bench who seemed to hold any notion of apoBsible palliation of crime in scorn and contempt it must certainly be said tb have been the late Chief Justice during the Whole of his long and arduous judicial career. If he had had to make the -criminal law as well as administer it for the last half century or so, Draco himself miglitTiave paled, with envy, and it is quite in keeping with that feature in- his judicial character that 'the1 first complaint against the new criminal code, of which he was mainly the authfir, should be the rigidseverity of the sentences.: It never seemed awise thing to restrict the discretion of the \- Judges in the matter of punishment' in such a hard and fast manner, but the object of cburse was clekr enough. Justice was . held to be scandalised ' by unequal sentences fox ^similar *-ffehces, and thjit sentences should' no longer depend as much on the . idiosyncracyof the Judge as on the nature of tlie crime, it was resolved to have for each class of offences a uniform punishment. As well try to make human t nature uniform. The new system broke down on the first trial. Judges were heard declaring from the bench that Ihe sentences they were bound to pass in Eome cases were far too heavy, and almost apologising to prisoners ..for the gross injustice they were unfortu nately compelled to do them. If the old system somp ' times amazed the public with undue clemency, the ' new did far worse— shocked them with its cruelty. That Mr. Dalley should at once have recognised the ^ . double evil of this state pf things, the injustice to in \ t* dividuals, and the danger to the administration pf * # justice, is not surprising ; but that he should have ih / duced his venerable learned friend to see it, aid ;? actually to draw £he bill, undoing his own handiworjt, c is really one of the most remarkable proofs of his per suasive powers that even he has ever given us. If he hfui done nothing more than draw from the old ex-chjef that vigorous philippic against crime and criminals,' and, stall woree] the indifference to, if not sympathy with, crime sometimes observable in the country, he wouldhavedonegood service. It is impossible, of course, to agree With all Sir Alfred Stephen said » no one but Jet Judge like could; and' those , dreary reminiscences ' of the dark* days gone by might, very wefl' have .beea spared a t^pn^iSy with quite enough grimhorrors on hand just rioW of Jtoown. But there canbe no doubt a good deal of ' namby-pamby humbug was swept jaway in the couirse of that speech, and if the criminals of the country do not derive much benefit from its hard, yet wholesome air, we trust the Judges and juries who have to try them may. Mr. Copeland may be described as about the hardest headed, most practical-minded of politicians. There is as much fancy in his composition as there is in a patent fire-brick, and about as much sentiment or poetry as may lie, like Wordsworth's violet, ' hidden to the eye,'' in a Post-office carving. Him self the moBt ' realistic' of men, he would make, no doubt, with his friend Mr. Cameron, as -good a type of that form of art as could well be put into stone — a fact which, when we begin to erect statues of our great men of the period for the benefit of posterity, it is to be hoped will not be forgotten. His rule is always, or at least generally, cool common sense. Nothing commends itself to his judgment that has not a distinct, so to speak, assayable value, as though, from old habit, his first and only consideration as to anything or everything were, ' What will it crush f' Of course, in one sense, this is an admirable quality. It has led him, as a sturdy, original thinker, to a proper estimate of many of the frauds and shams of our public life, and it has saved t-im from adding to the number. - As their unsparing critic, when he chooses so to exert himself, it adds often force to his tongue and even humour to his speech, and gives him a distinct value himself as a 6ort of rough teBt of Parliamentary rubbish. In another sense, it is not so good. It confines him mostly to one view of a question — the material, which is never the only view, and often the least important. Excellent at seeing and seizing the one point for which he always looks, he can no more mentally see all round a question than he can physically round a corner. The consequence is that the hon. gentleman is often both right and wrong — right in his premises, wrong in his conclusions — and more dangerous as a supporter than the most declared opponent. That is ju6t his present case with regard to his tariff proposals. He sees, as of course every one sees, that, money being wanted, the readiest and simplest way to get it is through the Customs, and, freetrader as he is in principle, he at once proposes an all-round 10 per cent, and 5 per cent, duty respec tively on all the luxuries and necessaries of me. He sees the welcome golden stream flowing into the famished Treasury, but he does not see the. host of- evils it would bear with it— the interruption to trade, the chicanery and fraud, the direct encouragement to the protection principle he is ojfeposed tb, and the heavy burden it would impose on the very people least able to bear it. He knows, or should know, that each of the duties he proposes means double that impost to the consumer, or that, in other words, so far as the-public are concerned, his plan means simply in a temporary difficulty raising the wind at from 10 to 20 per cent., and he also knows, - for he has admitted it, that there is not the slightest chance of his resolutions being carried. Wily then, being so practical a man, did he pro pose them ? Well, for the curious practical reason that the policy he suggests professedly to meet an emergency he firmly believes will some day be the permanent policy of the country, and, though defeated now when there is an emergency, will gain Strength with every trial and finally triumph when there is none. If at is a little inconsistent with this hopeful vision ofthe future to say, as the hon. member did, that there need be no fear of protected industries growing up under his tariff, because people wouldknow it was only temporary, that is only another proof that Mr. Copeland is not good at seeing more than one thing at a time, and besides who can think of everything at once? From all which, it will pro bably be agreed, it appears that the most practical of men may sometimes not know exactly what he is doing, and that even the coolest common sense may occa sionally talk nonsense. ] That poor 'one more unforfunate ' who sought her Bethesda in the deep pool of Bega, had probably never heard of the similar woe of her sister Olivia,' yet she, too, came to the conclusion (which by the way the other practically did not) that The only act her guilt to cover, ' To hide her shame from every eye, To give repentance to' her lover j And wring his bosom is— to die. One would much prefer to 'wring his bosom'' in some -probably much more effectual fashion. Fropi the facts of the case there would not appear to be much ' bosom,' in the poet's sense, to wring, and it is lamentable that, for this d!ie offence, the cruellest by far that man can commit against woman, the law provides, and apparently can provide, no soil: of adequate punishment. Talk about crime ! What crime 'could be crueller ? Yet such hiih criminal authorities as Sir Alfred Stephen fulminate the rope or the lash, or the prison's living grave against all manner of far less offences, -and leave out this one, of all perhaps the most mortal. What the laW eannot do society will not, or rather doeB, but to the wrong person. With the world it is the victim who is the criminal; not the robber and the mujr- ? derer. There is a gush of mingled pity and indigna tion when such a case as the late one shocks the public heart; but suppose the poojr, betrayed girl' had not . choBen the ' only act;' suppose she had not died, was the cold river any colder to her than in that case would have 'been the cold world? Might it not. well seem better so to m hide her shame from every eye ' than to live to see it- in every eye, not even excepting her 1 lover's?' For he may live to walk abroad un scathed, unscorned, not less a man in the . world's eyes than before he robbed a poor, trusting girl of her .ail, while she must' drag through -a weary life, a thing soiled and' shunned. Even in such a case as this, and there have been many Buch, a little time and will there be a face or a hand turned from a man who,jif he had the old just measure of ' blood for blood,' would be adorning the nearest tree? ... i , Not even fit for the flogger ; not -man enough ito bear the proper punishment of the beast ! And the reason j - or a clear indication of the reason, the filthy book found upon him, the Gospel according to Brajl- ? laugh and Mrs. Annie Besant. This is the bodk which, when a man was prosecuted for selling it the other day, the Freethought Liberal Association of this moral city approved. The seller was fined ; and on appealing 'to the association, of which he was: a leading member, for assistance, was refused on the ground, not that the book was a beastly book, but' that he had not made a good enough fight for it. If it is not absolutely a text-book in tjie ntew. school' of philosophy, it, at all events, bears the imprimatur of two of its most burning and shining lights. And one of its authors is the man who:is posing before the world as a martyr ' for conscience sake,'' and the other, mirabile dictu, a woman. Well, if anyone wants to know the real fruits of- that philosophy let him read the terribly graphic descrip tion of the wretched creature who was only not flogged because the law respected even his worthless life. Magistrates will have to look closer at this class of their customers before sentencing them to nominal terms of imjrisoiunent with the lash, or why not have the medical examination before instead f after the sentence ? Otherwise a man has only to be sufficiently degraded and broken down with his own abominable -rices to escape practically any punishment at all. In this case there seems to have been a very wholesome dose of terror administered almost as bad perhaps as the flagging itself. ' Cowards die many times before their deaths,' and one can only hope that if this miserable wretch escaped his real flogging, he suffered a dozen in horrid anticipation. That 'the hour brings the man' is one of those comforting beliefs, peculiar, perhaps, to Britishers, albeit not always justified. It is our business, of course, as Sir Henry Parkes puts it, to improve on the old country ; and it certainly would seem to be better if the coming ' hour ' is likely to be at all a ticklish one to have the ' man ' for -it ready first. , That at any rate is our fortunate position with regard to the very important coming hour of Australia's centenary. There is no need, happily, to cast about for the man for that hour ; for if he had not, with characteristic self- devotion,, suggested himself* the unanimous voice of the country would unquestionably have done it for him. In Mr. It. B. Smith everyone has long recognised the High Priest of our public ceremonies — ihe facile princeps of inaugurators, royal commissioners, and so forth, whomsoever — and, true to the noble character he has made his own, though the ' hour ' is yet afar off, the ' man ' is to the front already.' Four years may seem a long time to look forward to ; but Mr. Smith knows the value of taking time by the forelock, and, moreover, may naturally have concluded that in a matter so peculiarly his own the country was waiting for him. His motion, therefore, sounding the note of preparation for that great occasion, is not only not in the least premature, but just what might have been expected from him. There is only one thing to be said against it — and the Treasurer, at least, is pretty 6ure to say it — that it comes at a most inconvenient time. Is this a. time to talk of palace-building and entertaining the whole world when we have only just escaped the taxgatherer, and are told that our only financial hope is in .rigorous retrenchment ? Does a man give sumptuous banquets to all his friends and acquaintance with the bailiffs in the house ? Well, sometimes he does, and not a bad plan it sometimes is, if nobody knows those objection able ghosts of dead joys are there. It is to be hoped, though, that leng before the great day comes round the bailiffs will be out of the house, and in any case this is not a matter to be stayed or spoilt by any such paltry considerations. If ever there was an occasion when the country's motto might well be the valiant if vulgar one, ' Hang the expense !' it is surely this one ; and if ever there was a man capable of bettering that liberal instruction it is certainly the hon. gentleman, who, rather than not play the mag nifico on such a magnificent occasion, would doubtless be quite wiling to hang everything and everybody. Of course we must celebrate our centenary, money or no money ; but if, as according to some of our political prophets seems probable, unhappy New South Wales is by that time pretty well ruined, is there any reason why the whole burden should tall upon her? It is -the centenary not of New South Wales only, but of Austiilia. All the colonies have, or should have, as much interest in the event as the one has w i.ich simply happens to be the oldest. Whether federa tion will be a fact by that time or not, we may not pretend to guess; but for that purpose, if for no other, the worthy celebration of the whole conti nent's coming of age, there might well be a federated Australia, though there were never again another. Nothing could be better timed than that at this particular financial juncture the merchants of Sydney should 6peak out. The Chamber of Commerce may not be a very popular institution. It has often, it must be admitted, neglected its opportunities, and in too absolute a devotion to its own interests forgotten its duty to the country. But there have been some signs of amendment in that respect lately ; and in the present case, if it6 late meeting has not done good service, it can enly be because those that have ears to hear have stuffed them or had them stuffed against any possible intrusion of common sense. When pro fessed freetraders like Mr. Copeland and Mr. Street are found advocating ad valorem duties, it is no wonder ^ of course, that declared protectionists to whomanything' in the Bhape of a duty is as welcome as a bone to a hungry dog, should do likewise ; and still less, per haps, that the multitude, dazzled with the fine bait of an overflowing exchequer, and lots of public money to be spent at the expense of their natural enemies the rich, should follow their blind, or rather only too wide-awake, leaders to do evil. It is something, then, that there should be men whose evidence in this matter must be taken as that of experts,, to tell these, deluded people that the bail is as false as fine — that the rod they ire delighted to fancy as in pickle for the backs of the wetdthy would really fall with ten fold force on their own. That was the clear evidence of the united experience of the merchants pf Sydney, and a good deal more and worse than that. Against it, beyond the natural support of the protectionists for anything that may help to serve their turn, there is absolutely notbing. Even Mr. Burdekin, gravelled as he sometimes seemed to be the other night for lack of matter, did not venture to say 'one word for or even of the policy which, if he had any claim at all to the countenance of some of his distinguished supporters, should have been the very burden of his lay. But this remarkable candidate for high politfbal honours deserves a paragraph tb .him self. . ! Mr. 'Gleeson, his- excellent 'brew' notwithstand ing, had better have left -the teetotallers alone. A nest of hornets, or the SalvatioifArmy on the warpath, is a trifle to these very temperate people in everything but language when their darling principle is assailed, and of course no one likeB to be called weak-nunded. But if not weak-minded, why clinch their resolution with oaths and pledges ? or if -that be necessary in some eases, why insist upon it as essential in all? The argument of the teetotallers pushed to its logical conclusion means, of course, if any thing, total abstinence or drunkenness. There is no alternative with these very charitable people, and in deed one of the body in his zeal this morning is so ex ceedingly charitable as not to spare, by way of shock ing illustration, either the memory of his dead father or his two brothers, whom he describes as ' to-day both drunkards ' through theirs father's example. When the sons of Noah found their -father overcome with wine, they covered up his nakedness ; and though a ' Total Abstainer ' is careful to acquit his moderate j drinking defunct parent of getting drunk himself, he does not shrink irom charging him with the ruin of his 60ns. Another very eloquent correspondent has found j a new term for. the drinking customs pf society, which ought to make Mr. Gleeson and all similar Conserva- | tives feel very small beer. Drinking is, with him, ' an ! artificial carnality,' and if that : is not enough to frighten any one into total abstinence, we are told to look upon ' the outcast scions of; nobility, scattered in scores upon our ' sunny shoreB,' and learn from them what it is to take a' glass of wine when we want one.. f The terrible evils of drink no One, unhappily, c$n detoyl but it is surely possible to denounce them without' including - in one general anathema far the larger part of humanity. *r 