WHY NOT? Why not ? was the first question asked when the North Shore bridge was mooted. Similar workB done under similar conditions rose instantly to mind — Niagara, Menai, New York and Brooklyn; in each case tho great highway spanning the water way, and joining peoples and interests. Why not 7 The answer was the dream of the bridge, and therewith of many magnificent chances, un earned increments and — commissions. They went by the board, of course, at the first blast of awakening common sense, and wore followed by a period of depression. The next hope born was of the trams, and with tbe trams some sort of magnificent ferry system to take people, carriages, and carts, and shift tbem from shore to shore by a sort of magio process. This also shrank sadly in ths washing. The great boats and the cable trams were poshed into the back ground, and iu their Btead came tardy recog nition thHt the present ferry company really do their work tolerably well, and the promise of one tramline of the old sort, with the fami liar risks, annoyances, and inconveniences, and the "nasty, smoky motor." The why not of tbe cable tram remained unanswered or otherwise the answer had been still born, and so buried in that temole of mystery tint grave of progress, tbe Department of Trams. And low, solaced by the hope of decent carriage from the water to tbe hill top, and couteot with tbe ferry service as run o Milson's and M'Mahon's Poin's and Lavender Bay, the people of the Shore are tolerably satisfied with themselves and their circumstances, and it is from the stranger that the Why not? chiefly proceeds. Why not. indeed 7 Ho asks tho question as he braises, and vexes, nnd wearies himself with roods and footpaths that would disgrace an inland township, as be notes the Bhamefully defective sanitary arrangements, the lack of water eupply, the total absence not only of any system, but of any plan, or dream of a pjao, of sewerage. Nor does he cease from his irquiry when referred to tbe mnnicioal muddle, the perpetual clash and jar, friction, folly, and waste of ths half-dozeu petty boroughs. Why not pitch them all ioto the mill of reason 7 ha asks, grind oat tbeir prejudices, and follies, and oonoeits, and amalgamate them into one corporation with an adequate power and an honest desire to per form some useful work of local self-govern ment 7 Why not, indeed 7 Ascending tha hill, however, the stranger wonld soon disoover that tha things with whioh he bad so far eoncsrned himself were hat the beginning of interest ; hs wonld re cognise possibilities compared with which pre sent aoeomplisbments are very muoh as ths old Tank SlTeam to tbe Nepean River, or the Sydney of '48 to tha Sydney of to-day. He would sea in the first place a practically un limited building ground, a soope of country .so convenient, eo favourable, so fitted in all respects as a dwslling-plaoe for the toilers of tho oity, that Woolloomooloo and Darling Harbour slums would straightway beaome sins in his eyes, and building lots 10 or 15 miles inland absurdities. Qe would see the site of North Sydney, in faot, and marvel at the blindness of the present generation whioh ignores it. Wba' elso can any man see who, from the heights beyond tho reserve, looks eastward to the ocean, and take iu at a glance all tha magoifiiioii opportunities oven of thai peninsnli pying between the two bar- boon, posaMwd of every advantage the climate, reqnirei, and with all the beauty man's nature should desire 7 A glimpse into the near future must see railways or tram ways traversing the main ridge, branohing oS to every point ; dwellings growing from dots to elnstere, population increasing year by year as figures grow in geometric ratio. And snder what conditions ? That is the all-im portant question. The growth must be ; the systematic, well-ordered growth may and sbonld be. Why not 7 aiks the stranger as he dreams his dream of a plan already pre pared ; a plan that, reoogaieing the inevitable growth of the future, he has planned for ita reqnirementa. Population, at least as dense as that now settled in St. Leonards and the adjacent settlements about Neutral and Moss- man's and Chowder Says; steam services, fast, comfortable, and adequately proportioned to all possible stress of weather, running from the "city to each of them ; cable trams from the shore to the hill top at every landing plac6 ; and easily constructed siding roada joining each to each ; reserves already made rrqeieite for tbe health and happiness of the people, water tnpply and sewerage systems already thangbr. about, neoesaity for wharfage moreover recognised, and the fallacy overcome tbat every pound of sugar consumed at North Shore must first be landed and stored on the othar side. Be dreams bis dream thus, and ha asks "Why not 7 and ia sorely vexed by ths unreasonable reply, Because it is not iir tbe . nature of thingB ; becanas it is utterly impossible to get people to open their eyes t« the reality of things ; because, simple as tbe problem is — 3000 honses par annnm added to Sydney mean 90,000 in 30 years, or far more than doable the city of the present — tbe official, legislative, administra- tive mind seems never to comprehend it. Only tbe desire of gain is clear- haeded in this direction, and of that desire grows little regard for anght bnt present self-service. There is nothing more important to tbe e(ate8maD, the man oompetent and worthy to do the work of fonndaiiou-laying in a new State, than to grasp at least the certainty of the development of a score and a half of years. There is no better place than the heights of North Shore, or North Sydney, to teaoh him. But just aa the Governors of the old days looked from the heights of North Sydney and saw not even the ghost of the future, so the rulers of the present, if they ever mount so high, look down from the other side, and apparently see no more of ths future than did the blackfellons who watohed the first boat's crew pull in to iuspeot the beach of Careening Cove. Below them, we have seen, the speculator puts in his pegs aud gathers in his enormoUB gains. And from such ignorance, incapacity, near sightedness or indifference grow all the wretched complications we bequeath as legacies to tho future. Just for the lack of a little active foresight now, ten thousand living human beingB may rot or stifle in a crowded slum of North Shore by-and- by, as through lack oi a similar foresight in the past tens of thousands are stifling and rotting about the shores of Woolloomooloo Bay and DarliDg Harbonr now. And through the blind eye the iuture may be called upon for compensating millions to carry ont the improvements an advancing civilisation will require, and a competent administration in the past sbonld have foreaseo. Why not foresee ? asks the stranger again ; why not foresee and forearm 7 And bow completely he proclaims his strange ness by such a remark ! What are snob vast and vagus and impracticable matters by comparison wifh the burning questions of the boor? Shall yonr subdivision or mine have tba advantage of that road expenditure ? Shall the starting point of tha tramline be nearer your building lot or mine ? Shall my friend or protege or youra be borosgb councillor or borough roadman; and last, but by no means leaBt, shall my vote go to you or your oppo nent 7 These smaller, more praotioal matters are the essentials of the present, and he foundations of all the troubles of the future. It baa been so through tbe history of South Sydney, and it is not rersonable to suppose that it will be otherwise with North Sydney over the water. Tbe money-maker will still be a score of years ahead of tbe law maker, aud the builder a generation ahead of tbe properly.instructed arehiteot and sanitary surveyor, and engineer; and why not Why not indeed ? 