PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The following in the address delivered at the annual meeting of the South Australian Presbytery held on Tuesday, May 6, by the retiring moderator (Rev. J. Gordon):- "TVday I resign the chair tint I have ?ecu ftod for the net twain months, I regret to uenk with how little profit to you or sadrfsc tion to myadL In doing ao I respect the ! custom otthle eourt-aa a dosmg addreas-by . putting togaUMJt afew thoughts, aa lam able. ' teodnng matters that affect the aaterea's of tbfachureh of which we, aa ministers, have had given aa the overdght. f shall not attempt a review of what baa been done daring my tanun of of&oe.; Iprefertoglanc) a* aomo tbtaga that may poadbly hava hndored our progress and the modification or removal of wbieb may be for our advan tage in tbe time to cease. No one can Intel* Ugentiy survey oar podtfon aa a church in tSacotonyand tailtoparodve that we have to contend with diffieultiee and dbabDitics that render onr ease, in aome respects, exeep tmaal. 1. For one thing we are few in nuj? ber. We belong to a ehnreb—one ot o group —tbat may be add to be in tbe category of tbe mieorrly. Majorities any not and do not weigh much with God. It has been said, MOn*,withGod,isaamjority. n There is no restraint with the Lordtoaave by many or by saw. With men it is otherwise. Mere bulk, ?mnwicd strength, hen go fora good deal, and ensure at least apparent success when tones of a vital and internal kind an want* toa> It has bienms a current saying coat M nothing aaeeeeda like success," and this balds too true in the domain of the church. Whan I apeak ot tba Presbyterian Church as belonging to tbe lamer religious bodice, of com I.peak ?rf it as it is in ?hi> colony. In tae neighboring colony of Victoria it ranks amang the foremost in intelligence, influence, _ and wealth, as well a* in numbers. Whonthe confederation of the Presbyterian Cburcbee ia the Australian colonies shall nave become an accompliabed fact and tbe movement is now in progress—it will th?n b? seen that even in our hemfaphen Presbyteriantom to not the sscrional thing that many may ?op pose it to be. If we widen our view and take n> the whole field of its occupancy, it stands out aa one of the great churcUea of Christen* 4*uu Toe finl general council held at Edia ejarj- in 1877 of 333 ministers, commissioned by forty-nine Pnabyteriao Churches, in twenty-five countries or colonies repre senting 19.000 minfaten with 21,443 con gregatton* holding creeds in narmony with the consensus of tbe Beformed Con feadons, n this, aa Dr. Blackie remarks, wa? a gathering tbat undoubtedly tended to free the Presbyterian Caanh from theprejadice that has MBg dung to it of being a poor piece of ptovindafiTm, a troubkeome but insignia cent obstruction to therealeatboutateyef the Tiotadaiit Choreh." Iheaa, however, an ieeta not widely known by those outdde our communion, and ao we an apt to be regarded ac a scattered remnant of a church, ancient and iisusulabls perhaps, bat dying oat and behind tbe age. 2. Then,aeacuorcb, then to supposed *o attach to us aush a strong flavor of nationalton tbatthose belonging ?o ether eommanlona come to be affected to ?aids us very much aa the Jeers are said ti ban been to the Hsnwritans—"for tbe Jew. base no dealing with the Samaritans." Wa an called tha "Scotch Kirk," and Bngli-h ?ree^ are ae* supposed to understand Scotch. Pimbiteriinami ia pot down ac eometbiug saedasally aatosd for t*l—i?yt??i?>? and it xt token for granted that few, if any, will ba drawn to ita communion who are not of DaHihhilaawnl It to forgotten ho* rapidly Ac Preabytertan Cbarch with asfa becoming nlimitl in tta constitution. It to forgotten tbat Praabyteriantom existed ia Bnglaod , several yean earner than in Scotland ! dating tram 1566. It to forgotten that, j at a later period, lionrton was in teaasly Prasbyterian-wbicb it became ; aadcr tbe long Parliament. It fa tot gotten that the Wastaunbter oonfse. ston waa dmwn mostly by English divine*. These are facts ot hbtory, and they serve to shew that Fnabyterianismia not so foreign to tbe genius and spirit of Emdiah Pro wiamvlSttaUaml mwl amwammV aVawUf emmawamwa efamvtl taM9 emUaV explain too the fact tbat Ptesbyteriaoism is making aucb pi ogress in England at the I present tine. After all, Prcsbyteriaufam to cosmopolitan rrther than provincial, and the ninraoion tbat it to otberwiae to only a prejudice that fa destined sooner or later to die out. alt to probable also that th e pronounced Calvinism of tbe Presbyterian Chntehmayhanhdpedin aoae quarters to make it unpopular, Cdvinistac toe Prssby tutaa Church fa or ought to be. The West mmster Council, in sympathy win) reformed PietmlsiiHsai, and nndcrtaking to represent it, eoold do no other thanemoody its taaeb- Sg to. a CUviafatic tnsology. it would, however, be wi noaaiitimt with the spirit "WBn?jsr*js. ea ssjeasagyw were aa oa?assaaa \- >ssaaei aa ximawssssa??v.* v*s m^a n^w.**.*. Bat it may be fairly asked whithsr what. aome regard at a deformity and dotect to not , after all a high excellence; whetawpan CuMatom be not In harmony at ones with a ??ao^fa^andasounttphllosophy."waetiMr 4t*?f*m^^?ta^nlal ammttmmmfamml tan) amass) etay-f_a_e_? W We do ea, aawevee. wtoh a oenlHleatlon. Aa \- every dogma, aa tbe human axpresslea at divine truth, to always antceptibto of nnhaaa aad development, so we do not bold tbat the Oalvinistia doctruMa,uformulatedintheOoa fmdon of Faith, an aU necessarily infallibto or tbat they embrace in every instance th* whole truth. We would not subscribe newt tbe high-nitehed Calvinism of Jonatha Bdwaraa,aswe would shrink in these daya I from preaching a sermon such as his case famous but terrible one on "Sinners in the hands ot an angry God." The very phraaae logy of Cdvlnfam baa bean gteaUy taaad down, aa the none spirit that once lagcd aad reigned in the opposing camps of CM* vtohrtandAraUnianha. almost entirely died away. The unhapj?y exchanges ot baarty anathema between Xjpjpladyand Wesley will Msibmmsi VFmb a vtaw m? and recent eaasroversy, we hantoome so a batter understanding and adjostssent on thaee mattert, aad now regard both views asphaees of the great admme of grace*—both neoeaeary toafnUaadtroemtdaringoftha divine mind in the matter of .human salvation. 3. We past on to another point la this Use of remark. . What may to af&nMd; with gieaier jottkets objectionable-or at least defective, and has made Presbyterianltm lorn generally aeeep table—to our form of worship. Pnaoyteriaa worship, as remarked by Dr. Dyke, underlies the imputation among Christiana of other communions, of being a cold and ban form of divine service, nnimpw adn to atnngen, public in ita utterance of devout emotion, and above all, devoid cf aesthetic grace. So fro quently and in so many shapes have such re mto?chea been made that a very general iav preanon has been created tbat whatever strong pdnta Pntbyteriantan nay boast, it has at least one weak point, and that to ita conduct of dtvine worship.'" When Arnold ot Bugby visited Scotland in 1831 be was, be tells us, a worshipper in P/wbyteriao , ehnrchea both in Glasgow and Greenock, and be hat this remark upon tbe service:— "Hothing could bs worse, as it sseuM to me, than the introductory prayers of theSaotch service, to judge from what I have hitherto heard.'' This is hew it strikes aa intelligent stranger. Tbe whole service ot the Presby tetianchurehes,ofooune.basgreatlyimproved ' since those days. But there to room for in ? pravement still. The fact fa pressing itself ; ? opon the attention ot the chnren. It is being ? felt in many quartan that something should I bo done to make the service more attractive to^y^ag?andaMnaceeptabletomen ot ! cultivated taste. At the conference held In Mdbouma in June last, at which Mr. Iffall and myself appeared as deputies, a report "on the nvidon ot the aweetaay for the puWto worship of God was brought forward by Dr. Steal, of Sydney. Be nmarks-''lt appean tbat then to a sjliiamaiil and growing feeling among rmliitaiiaaa in favor of an improved order. Than to a disposition on the part of aome t. ? iatrodncsa brief liturgy, bat thfa has not net with nodi eiwomageneat. Then to a stnegfesling against tba prescription of any fnna amwia rimlijlmian people generally. Othmiegntthat onr people take so little andihle part in public prayer, aad ?nggfrt ttat there abould to a naeondra ?amen* at best given by tbe con gngaHnri Bat tbe general deabo of then amMng imjrorament bee bean in cbe attraction of a totter arrangement of \ ?he public aarttoe, rather than the ? latooinaltoai of any new element. Then fetdade nan frequent prabe, the reading of iw Ileus from the Old and Hew 'Testa. awajtjat eaah aerriee, mon especially an . emiewitr tanato public prayer mon suppli \- **"*'- *— i totof,and mon jnguant/aad r ottmij |b ami earefnlly.taleated expna. I ? - atone." How far thfa mmmisul, in time, |> nay mjij ac, it it Jaummiili to any. Ta myeslf, jodgingfrom the taste and tendency at thatimas, naaama uui axUomaly issorob able that tba faanewiU be the adoption of aoma anch Utorgy aajg^ptaal refora to. Pl? T lv*a BtH~aBS PnVlM(w£2 VBMmw, I Maitfoi wttaf aunander. Hot would "tET apparently serious uonovation be ao foreign to the genius of Presbytery aa aoma might iasagine. Martin Lotbar, John Kaaz, John CJria, and tha early refoimeia generally, ware Utnrgists. Bven tha Weatminster A saamWy set forth ita directory of worship, which con ceded the liturgical idea. With the iapetaa of public aentuMOt behind them, raformiin tbeae dayaaraot rapid aooamplfanmant. It fa a fact that inatrnamntal music in the service of the sanctuary has been alam; universally accepted by Presbyterians inthl< colony, and five>and-tventy years ago the npu?nanoe to such a practice was pomtbly greater than any opposition which the adoption of some liturgical forma would be likely to encounter to tba present day. 4. Among minor causes that have told against os I would note a fact, not publicly confessed perhaps, but all the same pretty widely fait, noticed by strangers, and regretted by many among ourselves. 1 rater to the absents among us of congregational aoeiality. In other communions—notably among the Wcsleyans-thfa feeling ia aadduouslyculti tinted. Tba .congregation with them fa a family; the family tie is the barisof union and bond of friendship. It may be to a large extent offing to the reticence and reserve that with us are national eharartorlatios. that there is to little of this social element among ontaelves. It may, perhaps, in part be due very to onr constituency that, aa a rule, fa not of one class, and embraces the various grades of society. To whatever canae this is due, the ctfeet fa chillin?, and the sooner we seek for it a remedy the batter. We want no ecclesiastical commnuion. We would not dispense with the respectful deference of tbe humbler to the higher dastes of society. To pay honor to whom honor is dne fa founded on comet sentiment, is necessary for the order and proper adjust ment of wciety, and ia a natter of Bible in junction. But when we meet aa members of the same church, k as fellow-oommuoicanta, it fa well to remember that we sustain to each other otber than mere civil relations, that we are one in the moat sacred of all bonds as brethren in Christ. And unquestionably a more affable bearing cf tbe ricn towards the poor, a freer intercourse between those who rule and those who serve, aa observed in our church life and relationship, would affect most beneficially the best lotereeta of the church itself and the general intereata of society. Therieh, by unbending would lose nothing of their dignity, whim those on a lower plane would be propitiated by such friendby advancer, and religion itedf would be commended when it was seen that, by those who professed It, homage ia paid to character, apart from tbe adventitious dr? cumstaaces of birth and fortune. It fa easy to be courteous, bat the want of it among professing Christians begets eoldoaai. and is time suspicion and aatraageaeen anrog those whose first duty it to to love on another. To this natter the attention o elders and deacons should, in the first in stance, be directed. On them it might fairly be devolved to introduce at loaat a better custom. Tbe effect 1 believe would be magioal; and this, coupled with greater atten -1 tioa to strangers who may drop in to worship with us, would remove one, perhaps alight stumblingblock in the way of our progress (5.) There to another natter until now over looked, bat so very important that it cannot, if we with onr ehnrah to be either enduring or progressive, be overlooked any longer. I refer to tbe want of a suitable manual, giving some account of our principlee and policy, and which might be put into the bands of our jonth. Without something of thia kind we cannot expect to havaantateUigontiy attached church membership. The Free Church of Scotiandmany yean agojivcagnfaad the impor tance of having for itself some each manual, and tbe late Dr. A. Gray, I remember, was appointed to prepare it How much more necessary ia aucb a thing bare—far away from tbe scenes of historical events in our church's struggles for her rights. Those eventa, them selves growing .old? the most recent, which terminated in the disruption in 1813. living only in tbe memory of afew, who will eeoa tbeanelvesbave passed away. Our young man have no means of informing tbemeelveaof oar hbtory. They know little or nothing of oar tradition*; and the traditions of a church, like tbe ballads of a nation, nave much to do with kindling and keepingallvepnbUe atithneiaam It seems indtopeuable, therefore, that we should supply this want, if wo would aseore tha continuance of oar church ao a dtottnetive institution in this colony. & And tit will devolve upon us, aa ministers, to bestir our selves to train our young BMa of piety and in> telligenee to public duty in onr chorea. The number of young men with os who can be got to engage in public prayer is, I imagine, consideiaul* smaller than fa usually found in what an called tbe "dissenting" chorcaes in the colonies. And this is easily explained. There baa been no call for such duty, which Che minister asnally, and almost aa a matter of course, takes upon himself. Tha consequence to there ia no supply. I ana oumluoea that tbe paudry of praying men—old or young—does not ariae from the poverty of tbe gift of prayer, but from tba want of its develop ment. I would not invite any nan- IwonU not permit any nan to engage in pubUo ataycr. I would have all to understand that fee Hut qua mom of the qnaltnoaHon ia character. But this given, 1 believe tbat a wry great many more than we iangine could he got to engage in the exercise if wa only went the right way about it And it to par ticularly important that we should try to get young men to make a beginning. It is astonishing how easily they ovarooeje initial difficulties. It fa^easing to observe tbe pro gress they make in the arrangement of their Sougbta and ordering of their petitions. It to undoubtedly in tbe young men of aoburdi ?mat lie tbe promise and potentiality of ita fature nsifnlnass and advancement. The Bible margin it to a sure sign of the do. asoralimtion and decay of a people when it comes to be said of it " The Eerd shall have no joy in their young nan- (tea.. 17). And a ovary yonag nan in a chmrehgaiaedfor Christ and teafned np for Christian work fa a gaarantee far that okurch'e continuance. tba multiplication of anoh young nan to the church's truest glory. 7. Another asattar to which I would refer to tbat of givine-par tJcolarly the duty of the ricfa-to givein aome fair proportion to their ability. That wa have in onr oonnnate m urge num ber cJ rich men fa a fact perfectly waD known touaaU. That wa haw rich nan who give generously to a fact we gladly raecgnba. Bat what we want to that, among thto claae. this should be the rute, not the exosptton. CorU is perfectly plain that, unices rich men give above tto nteatnre of ibo?wb? Uve by the sweat bf iheir brow, above the naatare even of those who are manly "well to do," oar ebnrcb'e scbemeawill and must languish for want of anpport, and all our efforta in tbe direction of extension prove ineffective. Why should it be thought a rare thing for those to whom God baa given wealth to initiate the example of the good centurion of whom it waa said, "He lovath oar nation, and hath built us a synagogue." Whyanould it be a thing among us without precedent, to have large legacies bequeathed the church by rich men? Such things are not rare in England. Such a thing is not unknown in SooUand. Less should it be ao bare, where. In tbe past at least, princely f octanes have been of rapid acquisition, and when custom requires a less costly equipape as a mark of aodal status and superiority. In this anattar rich men are not to be dictated to, or dealt with in the way of threatening. They an responsible to no nan and to no body of nan for tbe disposal of their wealth. But surely no Christian man would resent it aa an impertinence were the minister, under a Bolamnaenaa of duty to him and fidelity to Christ to appeal in this nurttertobfaooasoiaooe,anda?khimtoview it in tie light of the obligations of Christian stewardship. Booh an appeal nelm, kindly, and solemn, too, aa in tteUght of eternity and the gnat future redntring-mlghtbsmet with the promptraspensoof sfimaiegieUludo, when it to seriously rsmsmlaradtaan to nothteg Oat wo eaodo that will do ourselves mon good than huavbly to try to do onr duty, and that the time comes to aUwhaoantbi' f?Mlns to us fa what we have given away. 8\. Aa alart point, I would ask the lawttnn !? *?? TJ tt "? "?J? tor??o? ?? ?? Pieaby tery itself and certain things that may be an improvement there—of coures, I speak not ot ita eoastitntiaD, bat of ito conduct. The Pnerateryltod at Oeoentn afWannrch It to the heart of tba whoto organfaation. It must need^ ttenfon, exercise an influence throughout the whole body, whomaone or otherwise, aoaordngaa ttTtoer toaot pervaded by atrolTSDiritusrtone in ito proisedlngV The Presbytery meets for hnrineas. but to no therefore as a bnainsaa meeting—juat ac the Christian nmJaterto or ought to be a aodal man but not therefore a man of aedety. It to just hen that we are opon the edge ot a danger against which we ever need to guard. , " Church courts," Dr. Stalker remarka, Mare net always nuraertos of the higheet atyto of Christian character. Theniea tanoeacv ano?g Mtottowthe praniiitlngi of etati courte m HMfUai nphiH from religlon-a anaifolrtiiigorn?rtimsryfor building up the kingdom of flaiKkMoUvOmfm to teotampsd With tto high tea* of directly spiritual asrrloes." Ido m* say that latins matte* ourc— fa iimaHrmal Bay, I will any, and that to ?or credit, that the mmnl. ings of tbb Presbytery an. aad ton all ?long been, narked by a enartaey, a edf? nasnint, a bjeferenoo to the miir*iHf aod a coaddention lor tto feelings of ethers, a down todo anthhiMtedurtty.aadto Mkecp the unity ol tholtobtt In the bonds of peace that donate us soamwhatcxosptional ia a immmaiiilaMa way.aad for which we cannot tetoo thankful. Bat than fa a teak. It fa tto lad. of a doa^toaed spirituality. That unction that at a wnd hate) invested tbe km ?C tbe apostles, that pervaded at a heavenly ataMephcn tbe place of their meat* ingYwodo lank, and it fa impossible that any otue should not be oenalbto ot sta aAmvaea. That w* hay* felt tfafa omdvM ia pnedo?lly ackaowladfjad by the anaageaMOta that nan bean made tor the eloaa of Ota deyle pro ceedings, when the nenmant of the fjord'e Supper to to be observed by as aod members oftbe church who any join us. Let oa hope that thai will prom tfaa in auguration of better times tha first dtopa ef toe-want aboeen of UaaatDf toratnah tto whole obneh and gladden tha heart of tlwoa who aow tha ooad or gather la tha barren. Botwa amat not depend adtetyon tbanyaerlyeetobrationa. We moat hen the pillar of etood to go before ?. We amat rave cur lamps always bright. We ant ban uwaltj* .tee always burning. Andtab wo can only hope to wall— by having mete prayer among outadvaa, and lotting atote help of prayer from the church around oa. "Andwhentbey bad pnyad tha plaao waa ahaken where they were amemblad together; and they wen all filled with the Holy Gaoat, and they "poke the word of God wini boldness" (Arts iv., 31). United prayer and theoonadonanM? at the presence and poa session of the Holy Ghost snd spiritual power earning are plaead here in tha relation of cause and effect. And as we believe that the Holy Spirit fa Christ* pera?aaent gift to tha cbo.cn, andaa truly and aa folly in the church now as in the days of the apostles, so we can hope to obtain the blearing* no other, wife than by a faithful observance of pre scribed conditiona, wblob an aa find and uoaltarabla aa are the laws of nataminthe world around us. Lst us work in haiaiouy withrpMtuallawaandweahaUbaTeaptrltaal molts. list there be new springs of prayeia opened np among oanelne in oonneetion ? lib inn rmlijli i j ??aoHna.ii, In! llmnr Bjinanl1 tba wkole chorea, fro* pulpit and lastly attar, be concentrated aa a focus upon the Presbytery. Would not the result be tba railing of our spiritual temperature in oar meetings, and would not the Presbytery become a wen-spring of spiritual lit* and energy. vUaJfatogaUtlw congregation within onrbounds? 9. Inoooclnalon latosramambar thatasPresbyterians we bewngtoaeburehthat aa many claims to onr preferenoeaad regard— a church wbieb, never distinctively poUticd, baa over bam loyal to the throne, and the firmaopportar of those powers that be and "are ordained of God." A church that during tba three hundred yean of tv existence baa ever been foremost In the con* fUctfwdvUaiidreligions liberty; that hat maintained with unwavering constancy the divine authority of tba Bible and tha religion of Proteatoata; that baa with equal atadfast aess upheld the sanctity of tae Sabbath. Plata It on what foundation yon nay; a church that, insisting on the principles of ministerial purity baa also inabtod aa aa educated ministry, and is even aow rsiatag its standard of edoeatian far eandirtatea for licence ; thatprc serving in just balaaoa and proportion tba clerical and lay elomenta in its courts, and by the graduation of these court* affords the most effective protection to tbe statnaoi tha pastor and tha safest guarantee for the rights of the people; a ehurah db* tioetive enough in ita prlndplee and policy to justify to claim to aa independent sranding among tha churches of Christendom, and brand enough in ita charily to respect tha validity efordination outside its paw; a church that baa bad amigaed to it a coMpteneas place in the fidd of foreign mwsiont, and that has bam honored to do a great work ia the evao* felisation of the beatben in India and other lands ; that fa iafuUaympatby with a* afMQCtam VeSwlwewl aYaaQVvaimMamtej' vjOQijUOfcaM Qam acriptoral prindpafa. and wbieb, siaoa ?ha daycof Jonathan Edwards, has been vfaited whh tbeae etowenof baavanly blawiag;that baainitsbeadron ?t creaitmVn names that lira to Mstnry- KnoTd, and MritflL and Han deraon, and Caalrasis ami Duff—a cbursh whoso eyehaanotyctfrow?dim.nariti?ataral force abated" (Dent. 24,7); that baa " ita foot on all parts of the globe, and fa especially active and advancingwberever tha English tongue to spoken f a church, therefore, to bo. long to which wo nay wall f eel to to an honor; the story of whose battles in she cause of richteousness wo can rabaaraa with pardonable pride, and lot whoae oautinoanos and enaarant prosperity we may wall fasl aisurcdwe can pray coasfataotiy with tba divine wfflaad?fory. Lstitbe onra to ap> provaoutadTaaworUtymiauteraaadaamlwra of a church witti so venerable a history, and which tha Lord bad so greatly bleamd-faith. fulfoDowersof awn ao illustrious for team iag> pi^? and zeaL Xbe more are pray for I our Jerusalem and aaek her good. tb? more will onr own souls be biassed, the ?on shall wo be a blaming to tba world. Wo are reminded that wo have reached to-day the dose of another year of our history aa a church and oar existence as a rrebjtaty. It is a moment of solemn rettospsetand revival. Wo recall tha iaagce of bretaera who bat* gone to tbtir rest; whose council we sorely a>im; tha lorn of whose friendship wo lineerely mourn. Wo remember the years of our past ministry—a long suutassion with aome of oa—all now aa fflfwt monnmenta of the dead, and bearing in their lading tablets tbereoord of noura mfaapant, onargfaa aris dfaeotad, pnrposw sDanu^Sd? hopssdiaap pointed, and eftorts ending in eoa?panttvo faOura. WemwaeforaakMjmatb^paaang pflgtiaw, and tookjag back wh* onr face wrapped in onr mantle wa drop tha aOont tear. ButtbopaMfaimvooable,andwoamy not indulgo tba lilmiuatimi of tmaaantiajt regtataTltfatothofatoratbatwa bava to ton. Letitthenbein the sptoit and witt tbapumoaof him who mid-" I must work tbswortofaimthatao?tmewhaeicfaday; taa night pameia whan an man imi ??>.? 