NEWS AND NOTES. We understand that the Ladies' Clothing Society are about to commence their annual round with the view of obtaining assistance to enable them to carry on their very deserving inatitu ion as efficiently as possible. Notwith standing tbe general comfort that prevails in Bi'larat, there are amongst us, as any be sup* posed, many cases of want. lodeed, probably some of the most pressing cases are, so to epe-tk, concealed from the public. The Ladies' Clothing Society deal largely with the class of Cisea in question, and effect a great deal of good in a quiet and unostentatious manner, devoting much time and attention to the work indicated. We, therefore, heartily bespeak a kind reception for them on tbe occa* sion of their annual visit in tbe cause of tbe poor and affl cted. A paragraph in a contemporary yesterday stated tint, doubtless, at tbe meeting of the Hospital committee that night complaints re* gardiog Dr Moffit’s views concerning the Blue ittbbou movement would come up for dis cussion. Not a syllable was breathed at tbe , meeting of the committee last evening as to tbe matter, and, therefore, the tactics of certain parties to raise a scare did not come off. Tbe annual installation of St. John’s Lodge, No. 427.1. C,, will take place this evening, at tin Masonic Hall, Camp-street. The W.M. elect is S W. Brother D. B. Wheeler, and bis officers, as usual will be Invested. Tbe cere* mooy commences at 6.80 o’clock, and directly it is fioiehed there will be an adjournment to the Alfred Hall, where a social gathering will be held. A* masons will appear in regalia, the scene will be a brilliant one. The hall has been handsomely decorated for tbe occasion. By tbe death of Mr John Randall Paacoe who expired at bis residence, in Errard street, on Tuesday morning, has passed away another of the old'pioneers. The deceased gentleman, who had reached the ripe age of 74 years, was formerly the possessor of considerable wealth, stared at £lOO.OOO, acquired by sneceisful business in tbe colonies. He was formerly a director in tbe Bank of Victoria, and was one of the promoters of the Colonial Bank. Heavy looses, however, followed In one another’s wuke, and gradually dissipated the fortune be bad amassed. By the non-completion of tbe Williamstown breakwater by the contractors, for whom be had become security, he lost by one swoop £30,000. Deceased was also con* nected with the construction of the railway from Qeelorg to Ballarat, and in connection therewith with the suit of Evans and Merry (the contractors) v the Queen, which la still Unsettled. Mr Pasooe had been in poor health f >r a considerable time past, his demise taking place as stated on Tuesday morning. The funeral of the late Mr P. Q. Roxburgh took place yesterday, and tbe remains were interred at tbe Old Cemetery. The cortege started from the residence of the deceased gentleman, in Dana street, at a quarter to 4, proceeded up Raglan street, down' Sturt street, and op Doveton street and Creswick road to the cemetery, where the Rev. Mr Hen* deraon officiated. ; There were three mourning cmohes. The first contained the relatives of tha deceased, the second and third the. friends, including Dr Holthonse,' Rev.' Mr Henderson, and: Mr- Walker. Besides the : mourning coaches (h**re were about 35 private vehicles' and .eight or ten cabs,' .which followed the hearse. Several members of the Hunt club followed the remains. The pall bearers were Messrs -Madden; C; Holthouse, Walker,'and the. three brothers, of the unfortunate, gentle* man. As.is often the case whea the person. to be burled is young, the horses in the’hearse and mourning ooachas were grey, and the hearse was decked with white plumes. / i A reoasbional bolt,occurred yesterday.aftes* n00n,.. which .might, .have * bad -fatal consa* q «euceß., A buggy belonging to Heeers;Gio& aud. Cusey, of the/ livery stablesi Dovetod 1 ■* re ®V. was'being driven up Mair, when -.opposite Mr, Brooks’, the \butcher, tbe* tried to go between a and grocer’s cart going pontraryways, with the re lhatjhe. buggy collided with, the, grocer’s cart breaking the abaft and turning ihevebtole oyer twjoe,_The horse here got rid of the buggy and ] bolted away with the shafts up Mair/afcreet: i down Drummond.and. Sturt streets. Near Ur i Burnside’s, .the* horse got on to the in i Sturt, street,'}.; and galloped down,- the street I on the payouienfc.•- When it' reached Ur Ntoholle*, at the corner- of Doveton'atreeb,~it fell, sod slid.shQUt.fiO feet to just •bow Hr C.Ttf i •hop» 1 As, the, horse |»U 4fc- nately/it lijitttad, aid. not BaricrasljLipjiirs appears that ifchVfrolt of ;; (he'iacci-j dent-lies entirely; with the ] damage done'is estimated art £3O. ‘ { y / —i OuriMelboiirne foorreBpb»doDt;;lMfo ? 'nfKht j ’wired Vs foliowsV-" Carter, of';tbevH-*endon | Football htmsalli to-night." The | footballer named was well known to the mem- i bera of alt the leading clubs In Victoria. , . i There vu a boggyaccident late_Mr \- Roxburgh's--funeral-yesterday. - As- the -pro* cession was* wending' its way up Raglan .street, t one of the first- vehicles pulled op suddenly, -iCausiog'several: of tte-behind-ones to run 1 into I'enob other; and Mr Shrimptbd'a buggy was deriodsiy damaged, so much ao that the owner bad-todeave the-procession-and take bis horse but, leaving . the buggy in, the .street, for a * n _’our -exchanges; that the .break whichrWccurred; ' in*- theweather on -Tueeday waa-pretty generaloverthecolony. Our Spythe3dAle < 'cnrr?«pondont wnVsr— ‘VThe RoV. Bois, Canrob -of England minister, delivered-AriToryf iuterestiDgr ieojture' in the members* room of-'thadccal Mechanics* Institute bU Tueaday/evenipg, before a highly. . appreciative: 1 audience.:* 1 ,The ,'lturge • room. was tastefully hdng'rdun car-. the. pyramids.and. ruin?, of abcient - buildiogs. ; &o.; t in the. land of the Pharoahs.- Thesubj waa handled in a .very pleasing' the' close a cordial vote of thinks was passed to' the lecturer for bis kindness by Mr; J. . Rink'n, which was seconded by Mr C, Schwartz; and .carried with acclamation.;*-Mr..Caleb .Collyer occupied the ch-ir.f . ... *•• ■ •>. There was a short and. .stormy meeting (writes our local correspondent) at the- Browns and.Scarsdale. Borough. Council.on Friday. .Mr David M'Qratb,, the .mayor of the borough, occupied the chair, and just as the business was abou!; to commence Cr Bell rose and asked the chairman if he bad. hot dhqualified himself for a seat at the council table, owing to'hie having recently disposed of bis property in the borough.' The chairman- declined jt to ■aniwer the queatioDj Wbea a scene occurred, during: which recriminations were freely .in dulged in by several of the councillors, eventu atinginseveral;bfV. them leaving the council chamber/ .’ . , , . ; OarTSmythesdale .correspondent writes:— -the appointmeut of the Rev. Henry Moore-aa auperintcuddnt to the Scarsdale and Circuit; a remarkable change for. the" better appears to have taken place amongst the congregations belonging to several of tbe churches, notably, those at Linton and Haddoo. A'very gracious work is reported to be going 90 in both these places, and consider able numbers are being added to tbe churches, who have come forward, Sod publicly professed to have obtained pardon of their sins, and salvation through faith In the finished work of Christ.” Messrs CaselU, Stalker, and Greenfield, J,*sP., presided at tbe City Police Court yes terday, when Wo; Auld was charged with begging alms. It appears that Auld, who was a strong and healthy man, bad for some time past managed to subsist on charity, obtained by b o Bgi D g* Complaint) have frequently been made about him, but be always managed to elude the 1 , police, until Tuesday nighc, when be stopped Constable M«gnire (who was in plain clothes) “and requested money fur a night’s lodging. Tbe constable complied with the latter portion of the request and took Auld to the lock-up. The bench sentenced the offender to seven days* imprisonment. Mr IL Carey, tbe well- known steeplechase rider, who met with an accident at Dowling Forest on Friday, bad sufficiently recovered yesterday morning to be able to leave the Hospital. The amount of rates received at the Eastern rate offices on Monday and Tuesday was £l2OO. The amount received to dace this year is in excess of that obtained in the pre vious year by £385. Early on Tuesday evening a collision oc curred in Sturt street, opposite Dr Jakiua* residence, between an omnibus, driven by a man named O'Shea, and a buggy driven by Mr Snowball, veterinary surgeon. When the accident happened both vehicles were on their right side of tbe road, and were carrying lights. Th« result of the collision was that one of the wheels and one of tbe shafts of tbe buggy were smashed. Tae BdUrat correspondent of the World write-*:—“The dispute between tbe oontrac " tors fur the Ballarat Cos Scarsdale railway and the Board of Land and Works will open before tbe arbitrators to-day (Wednesday), at the offices of Mr Templeton, with whom.in tbe arbitration is Mr Collins (of. tbe DaniUquin railway), for the Government, the Hon. Mr Y.iung acting for the contractors. The claim of tbe contractors ia for £3500, which the Board of L*adaod Works denies, and alleges a contra claim of from £3OO to £5OO. I understand that legal practitioners are nut to appear, and that Mr H. Bail, jun , of the con tracting firm, will conduct tbe case for the firm.’* We have received the programme of tbe Musgrove complimentary concert to be held at the Academy on 23rd inst., and there can be no doubt that patrons of tbe affair will have ao enjoyable evening. Amongst other novelties, we note that Mias Alice Musgrove will appear as Josephine ia “ Pinafore,*' and also that some scenes, in character, from " La Uascotte" will be given, including tbe popular “ Glou glou" duet. A. large number of seats have been reserved and tickets sold. The affair promises to be most successful." A little boy named George Watson, two j and a ball years of age, was yesterday brought in to tbe hospital by his father, a resident of tbe Round Waterholes, to receive surgical attention. It appears that the child was playing about, when be ran against a pick, which another boy was bolding. Tbe little fellow's skull was fractured, and there was a scalp wound about half an inch in length. The Gordon bench of magistrates yesterday investigated charges of larceny against Bar nett and Robert Widdison, who, it was alleged, had stolen a quantity of horse feed from tbe Egerton mine. Sub inspector Par kinson was present to prosecute; Mr Gaunt appeared for the defence, and Mr Agar Wynne watched the proceedings on behalf of the Eger ton Company. Barnett, the elder brother, who pleaded guilty, was sentenced to six weeks imprisonment, and the charge against the younger brother was withdrawn. There was ou view last evening at M- B Bloustein's tobacco establishment in Sturt street a handsomely-designed cup—in emu -egg. mounted with silver, The cop was won by Mr W. H. Marsh on 9bh February, on the occasion of a 100 miles road race, the time being 8 hours 15 minutes. A wed- attended meeting took place at the Boardroom, Camp street, last night, of gentle* men desirous of working up a complimentary concert to Ur T. Nightingale, who lately sus tained so sad an accident to bis eyes. There were present—Messrs W. H. Batten (chair man), M‘Donald, Gray, L'ewellyn, Burton, A- Lester, J; Furlong, C. Brown, Wooleook, M'Hucbison, Biddle, A Brown, Adames, Ref-res, Bunting* Bruun, P. . Jones, P. C-izily, Rawlings,. Davies, Allen, Fallow* T. J. L mble, Ac. A large number of sympathetic apologies were received from gentlemen unable to be present. Mr W. H. Batten was- appointed chairman, Mr P; Cizily /was elected, secretary, Mr T: Lamble general manager and conductor, and Mr Bruno leader ’of tbe band, A strong concert com mittee was and from promises of support offna-i from Melbourne «nd Ballarat a splendid programme wilt be produced.. Great enthusiasm, aod sympathy was evinced, and a determination to bring the affair to a financial success. * Yesterday's Telegraphy*:—* l A small but exasperatttg hit of gossip is,afloat in leg*! circles, just now. One of the judges was sitting ia Chambers last week hearing tbe proceedings for a rale in a certain, case. He refused tbe rule ib an explosive and energetic fashion, with, tbe highly original formula, “-I’m d—d if 1 do 5 * The Tioe-regal speech: states that amongst other matters to be brought before-Parliament this session is an amendment of tbe Rabbit : •9, ?s to.secuxe the more effectual repres i si on h e pest, 11 Why Sir ; W. F. Stawell re- S*?dfcitb?: Rabbit/Bill; as a.pest ia not made ol®«. S*y«t the 'Meridjigo ddwrfusr. • ; \ V\i9 r Qeelon& Advertiser, has received from 1 a Stelglits correspoDdentJtbe following account - ot_ap&infuLcase;~*‘Thereiaanunfortun'ato : Woman here, who sits nightly on the doorstep pf tbejbcal shQp, no. matter how inclement the weather.'. During nights of thn boost asvere frosts*, Bmlv-Foater has regular!* occupy her post loiCover-*-two moiitKs She k in; a ; ,mn?tj.fdestitut'e;i condition; and* W l o: bad treatment by tha : Iswj Arakins .wa ■ have—one in a jt seeaia Db oob will takes Ups to;b«ye her taken hare of as the law dkeota Her lather is a farmers at id; able her motber sojAitimea provides hPC^l th * ood * ■ h ® oannotbecdnsidered avagr^nb'! iheroiQrejthepqUoeyo wii!^ her.:. So'raa time ago her obilcf was ar/sated as thje ldßs ap.pears fco bo the cause of her present eccentricities, which sometimes take the formofmistaking geese for diicipfcg and rate receipts f-r chequea. It is high sense/steps were, takes ia the milter, or the wocaan wiU die of and exposure. ft is'a'disgrade to the residente of SfceigU'z ( 0 f which place she is a native} th*t she has beeu allowed to suffer so long—and a proof of what a bad stHte’ mattere in* general have fallen into,-’ Awocoannam‘dM*ry Hurley, residing at the 'Hospital .'OnlSuQday'jßiifferidg from several bruises oq her befld-ftDd-left arm,'said to have been in flictad by tier ' Huebahd, while under the in fiueooe of drink. ; The suggestion made that dynamiter ought seems Journal says) show ithafc r the legU enormity of their office is hot realised. An overt act displaying an intention to ;blow? up buildings amounts as an 7 act of war,, to high treason, and is punishable; by .death. The blowing-up of buildings In accordance with a general scheme is an act of war, as was derided in Regina v. Q-illagher, last June, at .the Old Biiley, by the | Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls I and Mr Justice Grove. \ Qtilagher was accused' of' treason felony,-punishable with penal ser vitude for life tW ingredients of the form -of that offence with which,he was charged are the same as constitute high treason. It is re markable that the. act for private executions -does not apply to executions for treason so that death would be publicly suff-red. If this is any reason .why the milder crime should be be imputed %o dynamiters, an act might be passed'extending the Private Executions Act to high treason. The notion that to treat offenders of this class as guilty of high treason is. to give a dignity to their crime was, no doubt, the reason for creating the leaser offence of. treason-felony;, but it is be*t to Accept facts in their full meaning. If extraordinary weapons are used* against the law, the law .must resort to i»s own extraordinary weapons. “Eight years ago,” writes the World, “Londoa'was all astir about the de-th of a young barrUter, and people could hardly think of anything but 1 poor Charles Bravo.’ Since then bis wife is gone, and Dr Gully; and pro bably very few ever give the mystery of Balkan a thought. Bitt it has not been forgotten, and altogether it is remembered seriously enough for somebody* The Priory, a cockneyfied sort of castellated buildiog is to let, an it has been to let ever since the inquest at the adjicent Uvern. , Nobody will look at the Priory as a residence, or do more than look at it. Of course, nobody confesses to any fear of the ghost or ghosts; still, out of the hundreds who have inspected it, there does cot seem to ; have been one person courageous enough to take.it even at a reduced rent. Residents in the neighbourhood have almost ceased to take their friends to see it, and to point out 'the diningroom where be teok the B irgundy, don't you remember.* or the bedroom where he told Sir William GJI he had taken * it* himself. Nobody alleges that the house is haunted,, yet nobody will have it ’’ At a meeting of the Executive Council, held in Sydney on Tuesday, it was (says the Argus) decided that the tentenc* of the law should be carried out in the case of the French man Joseph Gordioi, who was sentenced to death for the murd°r of the hawker Mizoo, near Deniliqnin. The execution will take place in the Denilfqiiin Gaol on Friday. Gaa hundred and fifty acres of land, situ ated at Broaden ’s, changed hands on Tues* day for over £3OOO. Oirtbesame day Duffus Bios- held a sale of land* at Koroife, when 10 10 acres of the late Mr M'L-tw's estate were knocked down at £64* per acre. This laud was purchased by the vendor two years ago fur £5O per acre. A telegram from Sandhurst in yesterday's Age sayet— I "Nothing farther has transpired concerning the reported shooting case at Spring Gully. It is generally supposed that the man Stephens was not fired at at ail, but fell off his seat, whilst dozing, and received the wound on Che forehead from coming in contact with some iron spikes or guard* at the foot of the brake. The supposed report ef firearms would be accounted for by the noise made by the knocker. The police are, however, still en gaged investigating the affair*" The council of the National Agricultural Society on Tuesday afternoon decided to invite the various kindred bodies throughout the colony t> co-operate in; obtaining free carriage for all exhibits to and from abow grounds, and also free railway passes for the judges. It was stated that.Mr Bent, when Minister of Riilwaye in 1881, issued a regulation granting these concessions, but the department bad sub sequently altered the practice that was thus initiated. London Truths of Ist May, says;—“ln the long procession of bishops* 18 in number, who officiated at the opening of the new Oratory at Brumptoc last Friday, only two were nob born Catholics. These were Cardinal Manning and Bishop Patterson. Oa the other band,no incon* siderable number of the numerous priests and monks present had been Anglican clergymen or Oxford or Cambridge men. The Right Rev. Dr Bagabawe, who officiated at the altar, was. for a long period, a member of the Ora tory. He is brother of Mr Bagabawe, QC. Mr ' Justice Mathew was preaeut at the ceremony, but bis judicial duties prevented Mr Justice Day from putting in an appearance. The Duke I of Norfolk, Lord Arundel of Wardour, Lord | D-nbigh, Lord Bury, and many other Catho ! lies of name and note attended, as well as ! non-Catholics, who were attracted by the novelty of the ceremonial." Wednesday’s M. and D. Advertiser says:— “Mr E. M. Curr, Coief Inspector of Stock, arrived in M-ryborough last night, and will proceed to Timor West to-day to inquire into cases of cattle said to be infected with pleuro pneumonia." The juvenile population of Maryborough is ( ays the A€ : andD. Advertiser) deeply moved just now over the appearanceanca of a ghost nightly, or at any raie several times a week, in Carlyle street* It is stated to be clothed in white, has spring heels, and indulges iu the elevating pastime of jumping over Mr Deady’a ! house by way of amusement. Yesterday's Creswick Advertiser says:—"A sad and fatal accident happened at the hos pital at a few minutes to 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon to a lad named James Jury, between 13 and 14 years of age, son of Mr Simon Jory. of North Creswick. The little fallow was at work with his father, who, with. Mr Simon Jory, jun., and Mr Bowley, was engaged making some necessary alterations to the ward designed for a contagious disease ward. The boy had carried four bricks up a ladder, and, in stepping to the scaffolding, which was about 7 or 8 feet from the ground, he fell to the floor. As the lad com plained of a slight pain in his left side, the resident surgeon was sent for, and that gentleman was quickly in attendance The boy did not think he was suriously hurt, and his father desired to take him home, but was eventually persuaded to leave him in the hos pital. Up to about 20 minutes to nine there were no dangerous symptoms, but shortly after that time it became evident that some- thing serious had happened and the resident surgeon was immediately sent for, Mr Jury being informed of the change at the same time. Dr Thornton was on his way to the hospital, and met the messenger, and both he and Dr Tremearne were very soon at the hospital, but the little fellow quickly fell away, one of the internal organs bring ruptured, and he died at five minutes past 9-o’olock, a few minutes, before Mr and Mrs Jury arrived at the hos pital. L O.L. Scar of the- East, No. 58, meet, to night. The monthly meeting of the Trades*' Hall* Ac., will be heldi on Friday at Camp street at 8 Mr Hartley baa removed his dental depit from Sturt street to 43 Lydiard street north, opposite J. X G(Mar's, near the station, whet® every operation iu deoti*iry is quickly and. skilfully performed. The annual installation meeting, of the St- John's Lodge, 427 I C., takes place at th* Mas.mio HMh. O-mp street, to-sight. A spocial general meeting of Jhe Wendouree Rowing Club will be held on, Friday, at Shil- Ungtoa-’s hotel. . A* Service of S »ng will be given in thaT&wn; Mission Hall, to-night, b$ the Golden Chmrbb« * The Bishop of Melbourne will deliver hu fecturo M Qpld r in the fullness of time,*’ in Alfred Hail, to-mjrrow evening. When it is remembert-d that, according tatho general estimate, the BUhop has, as a lecturer, no superior, if. indeed he has an equal, * n trail*, wo cannot be surprised to hear tna >the great hall ia likely ta be thronged from end to end. The number of tickets ie, now* .over, necessarily limited, and all who P ur P°! attending ato-atrongly advised to secure t tickets'lmmediately, Th y m*y bo had at «a diocoaan registry,at Mr TowFa or Mr Whil » street; or Irom any of the clergy * iflishdp of'BilUrut will take the chair pW* ally at S b’olook, . 