THE GOLDEN CALF. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY's SECRET," ETC. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued.) Now they were all mounted on the car, just as the church clock struck ten. Reginald gave the reins -a. shake, cracked his whip, and Robin, who always knew where his young friends wanted to go, twisted the vehicle sharply round a corner and started at an agreeable canter, expressive of good spirits. Robin carried them joltingly along a lovely lane till they came to a gentle acclivity, by which time, having given vent to his exuberance, the pony settled down into a crawl. Vainly did Reginald crack his whip—vain even stinging switches on Robin's fat sides. Out of that crawl nothing could move him. The sun was gaining power with every moment, and blazing down upon the occupants of the car; but Robin cared not at all. He was an animal of tropical origin, aud had no apprehension of sunshine; his eyes were so constructed as to accommodate themselves to a superfluity of light. "I think we shall be tolerably well roasted by the time we get to the Abbey," said Bessie. " Don't you think if we were all to get down and push the back of the car, Robin might go a little faster?" " He'll go fast enough when he has blown a bit," said Reg. " Can't you admire the landscape ?" " We could, if we were not being baked," replied Ida. Miss Rylance sat silent under her pongee umbrella, and wished herself in Cavendish Square ; even though western London were as empty and barren as the great wilderness, They were on the ridge of a hill, overlooking undulating pastures and quiet sheep- walks, fair hUls on which the yewtrees caBt their dark shadows, a broadstretch of pastoral country with sunny gleams of water shining low in the distance. Suddenly the road dipped, and Robin was going downhill with alarming speed. " This means that we shall all be in the ditch presently," said Bessie. " Sever mind. It's only a dry bed of dock and used-up stinging nettles. We shan't be much hurt." After two or three miraculous escapes they landed at the bottom of the hill, and Ida beheld the good old gates of Kingtborpe Abbey, low iron gates that stood open, between tall stone pillars supporting the sculptured escutcheon of the Wendovers. There was a stone lodge on each gate, past which the car drove in triumph into an avenue of ancient yew-trees, low and widespreading, with a solemn gloom that would better have become a churchyard than a gentleman's park. It was a noble old park, richly timbered with oaks as old as those immemorial trees that make the glory of Stoneleigh. There was a lake in a wooded hollow in front of the Abbey, a long low pile of stone, the newest part of whieh was as old as the days of the last Tudor. Nor had much money been spent on the restoration or decorative repair of that fine old house. It had. been kept wind and weather proof. It had been protected against the injuries of timeand that was all. There it stood, a brave and solid monument of the remote past, grand in its stern simplicity and its historic associations. " Oh, what a dear old house!" cried Ida, . clasping her hands, as the car came out of the yew-tree avenue into the open space in front of the Abbey; a wide lawn, were four mighty cedars of Lebanon spread their dense shadows—grave old trees—which were in somewise impostors, as they looked older than the house, and yet had been i.saplings in the days of Queen Anne. " What a sweet old place 1" repeated Ida " and how I envy the rich Brian !" " Don't you think the rich Brian's wife will be still more enviable?" sneered Miss Rylance " That depends. She may bo a Vere-de- Vereish kind of person, and pine amongst her halls and towers," said Ida. "Not if-she had-been brought up in poverty. She would revel in the advantages of her position as Mrs. Wendover of ,tho Abbey," asserted Miss Rylance. "Would she! The Earl of Burleigh's ; wife lad. been poor, and yet did not enjoy being rich and great, 7 " said Bessie. "'It killed her, poor thing: And yet she had . married for love,and had no remorse of con- \- science to weigh her down." She -was "a sensitive little fool," said Tela'; la":"'I have no patience with her. 1 1 ' " Modern young ladies are not easily crushed," remarked Miss Rylance; " they make marrying for money, a profession." " Is that your real idea of life ?' 8sked Ida. " No; but I understand it is yours. I heard you say you meant to marry for money." " Then you must have been listening to conversation in which you had no concern," Ida answered coolly. " I never said as much to you." The threo girls, and the chubby Eva, had alighted from the car, which was being conveyed to the stables at a hand-gallop, and this conversation was continued on the broad gravel sweep in front of the Abbey. Just as the discussion was intensifying in unpleasantness, the arrival of the pedestrians made an agreeable diversion. Blanche and her two brothers had come by a short cut, across fields and common, had given chase to butterflies, experimented with tadpoles, and looked for hedge-birds' eggs in the course of their journey, and were altogether in a state of dilapidation— perspiration running down their sunburnt faces—their hats anyhow—their hands embellished with recent scratches—their boots coated with clay. " Did ever anyone see such objects 1" exclaimed Bessie, who had imbibed certain conventional ideas of decency at Mauleverer Manor; " you ought to be ashamed of yourselves." "I daresay we ought, but we aren't," retorted Horatio. " I found a tadpole in an advanced stage of transmutation, Miss Palliser, and it has almost converted me to Darwinism. Given a single step and you may accept the whole ladder. If from tadpoles frogs, why not from monkeys man! " Go and be a Darwinian, and don't prose," said Blanche, impatiently. " We are going to show Ida the Abbey. How do you like the outside, darling ?" asked the too-affectionate girl, favouring Miss Palliser with the full weight of her seven stone and three-quarters. I adore it. It is like a page out of an old chronicle." Isn't it ?" gasped Blanche; " and you can fancy the fat old monks sitting on those stone benches, nodding in the sunshine. The house is hardly altered a bit since it was an actual abbey, except that half a dozen cells have been knocked into one comfortable bedroom. The long dark passages are just the same as they were when those sly old monks went gliding up and down them—such dear old passages, smelling palpably of ghosts." " Mice," said Horatio. " No, sir, ghost. Do you suppose that' my sense of smell is of such inferior quality that I can't distinguish a ghost from a mouse ?" " Now, how about luncheon ?" demanded Horatio. "I propose that we all go and sit under that prime old cedar and discuss the contents of the picnic basket before we discuss the Abbey." Why, it isn't half-past eleven," said Bessie. Ah," sighed Blanche, " I'm afraid it's too early for lunch. We should have nothing left to look forward to all the rest the day." " There'd be afternoon tea at Aunt Betsy's to build upon," said Horry. " I gave her to understand we were to have something good: blue gages from the south wall, cream to a reckless extent." " Strawberry jam and pound-cake," su gested Eva. If you go on like that you'll make mo distracted with hunger," said Blanche, a young person who at the seaside wanted twopence to buy some buns directly after she had swallowed her dinner. Bessie and Miss Rylance had been walking up and down the velvet sward beside the beds of dwarf roses and geraniums, with a ladylike stateliness which did credit to their training at Mauleverer. Ida was the centre of the juvenile group. " Come and see the Abbey," exclaimeil Horry, putting his arm through Miss Palliser's, " and the stroke of one wc will sit down to lunch under the biggest of the cedars—the tree which according to tradition was planted by John Evelyn himself, when he came on a visit to Sir Tristram Wendover." They all trooped into the Abbey, the hall door standing open, as in a fairy talc. Bessie and Urania followed at a more sober pace; but Ida had given hcrsolf over to the children, and they did what they liked with her, Blanche hanging on her bodily all the time. They were now joined by Reginald, who appeared mysteriously from the back premises, ; where he had. been seeing Robin eat his corn, having a fixed idea that it was in the nature of all grooms and stablemen to cheat horses. The Abbey was furnished with a sober grandeur, in perfect tone with its architecture. Everything was solid and ponderous, save here and there, where in some lady's bower there appeared the spindle-legged tables and inlaid cabinets of the Chippendale period, which had an air of newness where all else was so old. The upper rooms wero low and somewhat dark, the heavily mullioned windows being designed to exclude rather than to admit light. There was much tapestry, subdued in hue, but in good condition, and as frankly uninteresting in subject as the generality of old English needlework. Below, the rooms were large and lofty, rich in carved chimney pieces, well preserved panelling, and old oak furniture. There were some fine pictures, from Hoi-, bein downwards, and the usual array of family portraits, which the boys and girls explained and commented upon copiously. " There's my favorite ancestor, Sir Tristram," cried Blanche, pointing to a darkeyed cavalier, with strongly-marked brow and bronzed visage. "He was middleaged when that picture was painted, but I know he was handsome in his youth. The face is still in the family." Of course it is," said Horatio—"on my shoulders." " Your shoulders !" ejaculated Blanchc, contemptuously. " As if my Sir Tristram ever resembled you. He fought in all the great battles, from Edgeliill to Worcester," continued the girl; " and he was wounded seven times; and he was true to his master through evory trial; and he had all the Wendover plate melted down; and he followed Charles the Second into exile; he mortgaged his estate to raise money for the king; and he married a very lovely French woman, who introduced tnrned-up noses into the family," concluded Blanchc, giving her tip-tilted nose a complacent toss. " I thought it was a mercy that wo were spared the old housekeeper," said Urania, " but really Blanche is worse." " Ida doesn't know all about our family, if you do," protested Blanche. "It is all new to her." " Yes, dear, it is all new aud interesting to mc," said Ida. • "" " How much more deeply you would have been interested if Mr. Wendover had been hero to expatiate upon his family tree," said Urania. " That might have made it still more interesting," admitted Ida, with a frankness which took the sting out of Miss Rylance's remark. The young Wendover's had shown Ida everything. They had opened cabinets, peered into secret drawers, sniffed at the stale pot-pourri in old crackle vases ; they had dragged their willing victim through all the long slippery passages, by all the mysterous stairs and by-ways; they had obliged her to look at the interior of ;hostly closets, where the ladies of old had tored their house linen or hung their mantnas and farthingales; they bad made her look out of numerous windows 1o admire the prospect; they introduced her to the state bedroom in which the heads of the Wendover race made a point of being born; tliey made her peep shuddering into the death-chamber where tho family wero laid in their last slumber. The time thus pleasantly occupied slipped away unawares; and the chapel clock was striking one as they all .went trooping down the broad oak staircase for about the fifteenth time. A gentleman was entering tho hall as they came down. They could only see the top of his hat. " It's father," cried Eva. " You little idiot; did you ever see my father in a stove-pipe hat on a week-day V cried Reg, with infinite scorn. " Then it's Brian." "Brian is in Norway." The gentleman looked up and greeted them all with a comprehensive smile. It was Dr. Rylance. "So glad I have found you, young people," he said blandly. "Papa," exclaimed Urania, in a tone which did not express unmitigated pleasure, "this is a surprise. You told me you would not be down till late in the evening." " Yes, my dear : but the fine morning tempted me. I found my engagements would stand over till Monday or Tuesday, so I put myself into the eight o'clock train, and arrived at The Cottage just an hour after you and your friends had left for your picnic. So I walked over to join you, hope I am not in the way." "Of course not," said Bessie. "I'm afraid you'll find us hardly the kind of company you're accustomed to ; but if you will put up with our roughness and noise we shall feel honored." " We are going to get lunch ready," said Blanche. "You grown-ups will find us under Evelyn's treo when you're hungry, and you'd better accommodate yourselves to be hungry soon." "Or you may find idearth of provisions," interjected Reg. " I feel in a demolishing humor." Tho troop rushed off, leaving the three elder girls and Dr. Rylance standing in the hall, listlessly contemplative of Sir Tristram's dinted breast-plate, hacked by Roundhead pikes at Marston Moor. CHAPTER V. DR. HYLAKCB ASSERTS HIJISELF. The luncheon under Evelyn's tree took a cooler shade from Dr. Rylance's presence than from tho far-reaching branches of the cedar. His politeness made the whole business dilferent from what it would have been without him. Blanche and the boys, accustomed to abandon themselves to frantic joviality at any outdoor feast of their own contriving, now withdrew into the background, and established themselves behind the trunk of a tree, in which retirement they kept up an insane giggling, varied by low and secret discourse, and from which shelter they issued forth stealthily, one by one, to pounce with crafty hands upon the provisions. These unmannerly proceedings wero ignored by the elders, but they exercised a harassing influence upon poor little Eva, who had been told to sit quietly by Bessie, and who watched her brothers' raids with round-eyed wonder, and listened with envious ears to that distracting laughter behind the tree. Did you see Horry take quite half the cakc, just now ! " she whispered to Bessie, tho midst of a polite conversation about nothing particular. Aud anon she murmured iu horrified, wonder, after a stolen peep behind the tree, " Reg is taking oil'Dr. Rylance." The grown-up luncheon party was not lively. Tongue and chicken, pigeon-pie, cheese-cakes, tarts, cake, fruit—all had been neatly spread upon a tablecloth laid on tho soft turf. Nothing had been forgotten. There were plates and knives and forks enough for everybody—picnicing being a business thoroughly well understood at The Knoll; but there was a good deal wanting in the guests. Ida was thoughtful, Urania obviously sullen, Bessie amiably stupid; but Dr. Rylance appeared to think that they were all enjoying themselves intensely. " Now this is what I call really delightful," lie said, as he poured out the sparkling Devonshire cider with as stately a turn of his -wrist as if the liquor had been Cliquot or Roederer. " An open-air luncheon on such a day as this is positively inspiring, and to a man who has breakfast at seven o'clock ou a cup of tea and a morsel of dry toast—thanks, yes, I prefer the wing if no one else will have it—such an unceremonious meal is doubly welcome. I'm so gl&d; I found you. Lucky, wasn't it, llanie ?" He smiled at his daughter, as if deprecating that solid expression of hers, which would have been eminently appropriate to the funeral of an indill'erent acquaintance, —a total absence of all feeling, a grave nullity. " I don't see anything lucky in so simple a fact," answered Urania. " You were told wo had come here, and you came here after " You might have changed your minds at the last moment and gone somewhere else. Might you not, now, Miss Palliser ?•" " Yes, if we had been very frivolous people; but as to-day's exploration of the Abbey was planned last night, it would have indicated great weakness of mind if wo had been tempted into any other direction," answered Ida, feeling somewhat sorry for Dr. Rylance. The coldest heart might compassionate a man cursed in such a disagreoablo daughter. I am very glad you were not weakminded, and that I wis so fortunate as to find you," said the doctor, addressinghimself henceforward exclusively to Ida and her friend. Bessie took care of his creature-comforts with a matronly hospitality which sat well upon her. She cut thin slices of tongue, she fished out savoury bits of pigeon and egg, when he passed, by a natural transition, from chicken to pie. She was quite distressed because he did not care for tarts or cake. Bat the doctor's appetite, unlike that of the young people on the other side of the cedar, had its limits. He had satisfied his hunger long before they had, and was ready to show Miss Palliser the 'They are fine old gardens," he said, approvingly. " Perhaps their chief beauty is that they have not a single modem improvement. The.v are as old-fashioned a« the gardens of Sion Abbey, before the good queen Bess ousted the nuns to make room lor the Pcrcies." They all rose and walked slowly away from the cedar, leaving the fragments of the feast to Blanche and her three brothers. Eva stayed behind, to make one of that exuberant group, and to see Beg " take off " Urania and her father. His mimicry -was cordially admired, though it was not always clear to bis audience which was the doctor and which was his daughter. A stare, a strut, a toss, an affected drawl were the leading features of each characterization. " I had no opportunity of congratulating you on your triumphs the other day, Miss Palliser," said Dr. Rylance, who had some how managed that Ida and he should be side by side, and a little in advance of the other two. *' But, believe me, I most heartily sympathized with you in the delight of your success." "Delightf echoed Ida. "Do you think there was any real pleasure for me in receiving a gift from the hands of Miss Pew, who has done all she could do to make me feel the disadvantages of my position, from the day I first entered her house to the day I last left it ? The prizes gave me no pleasure. They have no value in my mind, except as an evidence that 1 have made the moat of my opportunities at Mauleverer, in ' You dislike her intensely, I see.' " She has made me dislike her. I never knew unkindness till I knew her. I never felt the sting of poverty till she made me feel all its sharpness. I never knew that I was steeped in sinful pride until she humiliated me." " Your days of honor and happiness will come," said the doctor, " days when you •will think no more of Miss Pew than of an insect -which once stung you." "Thank you for the comforting forecast," answered Ida, lightly. " But it is easy to prophesy good fortune." " Easy, and safe, in such a case as yours. I can sympathise with you better than you may suppose, Hiss Palliser. I have had to fight my battle. I -was not always Dr. Rylance, of Cavendish Square; and I did not enter a world in which there was a fine estate waiting for me, like the owner of this place." " But you have conquered fortune, and by your own talents," said Ida. "That must be a proud thought." Dr. Rylance, who was not utterly without knowledge o£ himself, smiled at the compliment. He knew it was by tact and address, smooth speech and clean linen, that ho had conquered fortune, rather than by shining abilities. Yet he valued himself not the less on that account. In his mind tact ranked higher than genius, since it was his own peculiar gift: just as blue ginger-jars were better than Sevres, because he, Dr. Rylance, was a collector of gingerjare. He approved of himself so completely that even his littlenesses were great in his own eyes. " I have -worked hard," he said, complacently, " and I have been patient. But now, when my work is done, and my place in the world fixed, I begin to find life somewhat barren. A man ought to reap somo reward—something fairer and sweeter than pounds, shillings, and pence, for a life of labor and care." " No doubt," assented Ida, receiving this remark as abstract philosophy, rather than as having a personal meaning. "But I think I should consider pounds, shillings, and pence a very fair reward, if I only had enough of them." " Yes, now when you are smarting under the insolence of a purse-proud schoolmistress ; but years hence when you have won independence, you will feel disappointed if you have won nothing better." " What could be better ?" " Sympathetic companionship—a love worthy to influence your life." Ida looked up at the doctor with naive surprise. Good heavens, was this middleaged gentleman goingto drop into sentiment, as Silas Wegg dropped into poetry 1 She glanced back at the other two. Happily they were close at hand. " What have you done with the children, Bessie.1" asked Ida, as if she were suddenly . distracted with anxiety about their fate. left, them to their own devices. I hope they will not quite kill themselves. We are all to meet in the stable yard at four, so that we may be with Aunt Betsy at five." " Don't you think papa and I had better walk gently home'?" suggested Urania; "I am sure it would be cruel to inflict such au immense party upon Miss Wendover." " Nonsense," exclaimed Bessie. " Why, if all old Pew's school was to march in upon her, without a moment's notice, Aunt Betsy would not be put out of the way one little bit. If Queen Victoria were to drop in unexpectedly to luncheon, my aunt would be as cool as one of her own early cucumbers, and would insist on showing the Queen her stables, and possibly her pig6." " How do you know that ?" asked Ida. "Because she never had a visitor yot whom 6he did not drag into her stables, from archbishops downwards; and I don't suppose she'd draw the lino at a queen," answered Bessie, with conviction. " I am going to drink tea with Miss Wendover, whatever Urania may do," said Dr. Rylance, who felt that the time had come when he must assert himself. "I am out for a day's pleasure, and I mean to drink the cup to the dregs." Urania looked at her father with absolute consternation. He was transformed; he had become a new person; he was forgetting himself in a ridiculous manner; letting down his dignity to an alarming extent. Dr. Rylance, the fashionable physician, the man whose nice touch adjusted the nerves of the aristocracy, to disport himself with unkempt, bare-handed young Wendovers! It was an upheaval of things which struck horror to Urania's soul. Easy, after beholding such a moral convulsion, to believe that the Wight had once been part of the mainland, or even that Ireland had originally been joined to They all roamed into the rose- garden where there were alleys of standard rosetrees, planted upon grass that was soft and springy under the foot. They weut into the old vineries, where the big bunches of grapes were purpling in the gentle heat. Dr. Rylance went everywhere, and he contrived always to be near Ida Palliser. He didnot again lapse into sentiment, and he made himself fairly agreeable, in his somewhat stilted fashion. Ida accepted his attentiou with a charming unconsciousness ; but she was perfectly conscious of Urania's vexation, and that gave a zest to the whole thing. Well, Ida, what do you think of Kingthorpe Abbey ?" asked Bessie, when they had seen everything, even to the stoats and weasels, aud various vermin nailed flat against the stable wall, and were waiting for Robin to be harnessed. " It is a noble old place. It is simply perfect. I wonder your cousin can live away from it." " Oh, Brian's chief delight is in roaming about the world. The Abbey is thrown away upon him. He ought to have been an explorer or a missionary. However, he is expected home iu a month, and you will be able to judge for yourself whether he deserves to be master of this old place. I only wish it belonged to the other Brian." " The other Brian is your favorite." "He is ever so much nicer than his cousin—at least, the children and I like him best. My father swears by the head of the house." "I think I would rather accept the Colonel's judgement than yours, Bess," said Ida. " You are so impulsive in your Don't say that I am wanting in judgement," urged Bessie, coaxingly, " for you know how dearly I love you. You will see the two Brians, I hope, before your holidays are over; and then you can make your.own selection. Brian Walford will be with us for my birthday picnic, I daresay, whereever he may be now. I believe he is mooning away his time in Herefordshire, with his mother's people." " Is his father dead ?" " Yes, mother and father both, ages ago, in the days when I was a hard-hearted little wretch, and thought it a treat to go into mourning, and rather nice to be able to tell everybody,' Uncle Walford's dead. He had a fit, and he never epoke any more.' It was news, you know, and in a village that goes for something." After a lengthy discussion, and some squabbling, it was decided that the children were to have the benefit of the jauntingcar for the homeward journey, and that Dr. Rylance and the three young ladies were to walk, attended by Reginald, who insisted upon attaching himself to their service, volunteering to show them, the very .nearest way through a wood, and across a field, and lover a common, and down a lane, which led straight to the gate of Aunt Betsy's orchard. Urania wore fashionable hoots, and considered walking exercise a superstition of medical men and old-fashioned people; yet she stoutly refused a seat in the car. "No, thanks, Horatio; I know your pony too well. I'd rather trust myaelf upon my own feet." " There's more danger in your high heels than in my pony, retorted Horatio. "I shouldn't wonder if you dropped in for a: sprained ankle before you got home.' Urania risked the sprained ankle. She began to limp before she had emerged from the wood. She hobbled painfully along the rugged footpath between the yellow wheat. She was obliged to sit down and rest upon a furzy hillock on the common, good-natured Bess keeping her company, while Ida and Reginald were half a mile ahead with Dr. liylance. Her delicate complexion was unbecomingly flushed by the time she aud Bessie arrived wearily at the little gate opening into Mi6s Wendover's orchard. There were only some iron hurdles between Aunt Betsy's orchard and the lawn before Aunt Betsy's drawing-room. The house was characteristic of the lady. It was a long red-brick cottage, solid, substantial, roomy, eschewing ornament, but beautiful in the eyes of most people by an air of supreme comfort, cleanliness, and general well-being. In all Kingthorpe there were no rooms so cool as Aunt Betsy's in summer—none so warm in winter. The cottage had originally been the homestead of a small grass-farm, which had been bequeathed to Bet6y Wendover by her father, familiarly known as the Old Squire, the chief landowner in that part of the country. With this farm of two hundred and fifty acres of the most fertile pasture land in Hampshire aud au income of seven hundred a year from consols, Miss Wendover found herself passing rich. She built a drawingroom with wide windows opening on to the lawn, and a bed-room with a covered balcony over the drawing-room. TheBe additional rooms made the homestead allsufficient f>r a lady of Aunt Betsy's simple habits. She was hospitality itself, receiving her friends in a large-hearted, gentleman-like style, keeping open house for mau and beast, proud of her wine, still prouder of her garden and greenhouses, proudest of her stables; fond of this life, aud of her many comforts, yet without a particle of selfishness; ready to leave her cosy fireside at a moment's notice on the bitterest winter night, to go and nurse a sick child, or comfort a dying woman; religious without ostentation, charitable without weakness, stern to resent an injury, implacable against an insult. A refreshing sight, yet not altogether a pleasant one for Hiss Rylance, met the eyes of the two young ladies as they neared the little iron gate opening from the orchard to the lawn. A couple of tea-tables had been brought out upon the grasB before the drawing-room window. The youngsters were busily engaged at one table, Blanche pouring out tea, while her brothers and small sister made havoc with cake and fruit, home-made bread and butter, and jams of various hues. At the other table, less lavishly but more elegantly furnished, sat Miss Wendover and Ida Palliser, with Dr. Rylance comfortably established in a Buckinghamshire wickerwotk chair between them. " Does not that look a picture of comfort 1" exclaimed Bessie. "My father seems to be making himself very comfortable," said Urania. She hobbled across the lawn, and sank exhausted into a low chair, near her parent. "My poor child, how dilapidated you look -after your walk," said Dr. Rylance; " Mies Palliser and I enjoyed it immensely." " I cannot boast of Miss Palliser's robust health," retorted Urania contemptuously, as if good health were a sign of vulgarity. " I had my neuralgia all last night." Whenever the course of events proved objectionable, Miss Rylance took refuge in a complaint which she called her neuralgia, indicating that it was a species of disorder peculiar to herself, and of a peculiar quality to everybody else's neuralgia. " You should live in the open air, like my sunburnt yonng friends yonder," said the doctor, with a glance at the table where theyoung Wendovers were stuffing themselves ; "lam sure they never complain of neuralgia." Urania looked daggers but spoke none. It was a wearisome afternoon for that injured young lady. Dr. Rylance dawdled over his tea, handed teacups apd bread and butter, was aBsiduous with the sugar basin, devoted with the cream jug, talked and laughed with Miss Palliser, as if they had a world of ideas in common, and made himself altogether objectionable to his only child. By-and-by, when there was a general adjournment to the greenhouses and stables, Urania contrived to slip her arm through her father's. " I thought I told you that Miss Palliser was my favorite aversion, papa," she said, tremulous with angry feeling. " I have some faint idea that you did express yoursolf unfavourably about her," answered the doctor, with his consultingroom urbanity, "but I am at a loss to understand your antipathy. The girl is positively charming, as frank as the sunshine, and full of brains." I know her. You do not," said Urania " My dear, it is the speciality of men in my profession to make rapid judgments." "Yes, and very often to make them wrong. I never was so much annoyed in my life. I consider your attention to that girl a deliberate insult to me; a girl whom I never could get on—who has said the rudest things to me." " Can I be uncivil to a friend of your friend Bessie ?" "There is a wide difference between being uncivil and being obsequiously, ridiculously attentive." " Urania," said the doctor in his gravest voice, " I have allowed you to have your own way inmost thiugs, and I believe your life has been a pleasant one." " Of course, papa. I never said otherwise." " Very well, my dear, then you must he good enough to let me take my own way of making life pleasant to myself, and you must not take upon yourself to dictate what degree of civility I am to show to Miss Palliser, or to any other lady." Urania held her peace after thiB. It was the first deliberate snub she had ever received from her father, and she added it to her lengthy score against Ida. (To he continued.) 