ME. MICHAEL' DAVITT ON THE SITUATION— HIS DESCRIPTION OF CASTLE ETTLE. Mr. Michael Davitt addressed a splendid demonstration of Irishmen in the Concert Hall, Lord Nelson- street, Liverpool, on No vember 21. The title of his address was ' Castle Eule and Country Euin.' Mr. Davitt began hia address by stating that he intended his words for the English people, rather than for the Irish people, who were as familiar a3 he was with the many phases of the Irish question. Speaking of Castle rule, he gave the following description of it: — Before discussing whether Dublin Castle is or is not a rule in accord with the princi ples of constitutional government, it will be necessary to define what we are to under stand by such terms as ' constitutional go vernment,' ' right of public meeting,' ' liberty of free speech,' 'impartial admini stration of the law,' and ' civil and religious liberty,' these being the chief characteristics of the British constitution, according to those who expound and advocate its principles. In England and Scotland their meaning is understood, but in crossing: over the Irish Sea these attributes of the constitution go through a kind of gymnastic exercise ; for when they land in Ireland they may be said to be reversed— that ia, standing upside down — on their head. (Laughter and cheers.) According to so high an authority as Mr. Gladstone, ' No state is a constitutional State which does not, whether directly or mediately, give an effec tive control over all its affairs to the governed.' The * governed ' in Ireland numbers at present, say, 5,000,000. These niay.be divided into 4,000,000 Nationalists and 700,000 Anti-Nationalists. (Cheers.) Now, how much control over the internal affairs of Ireland do the majority exercise P Absolutely none. (Loud cheers.) The entire machinery of Government, the entire administration of law, the entire expenditure of public funds, are in the hands of English and anti-National officialism. (Hear and applause.) The minority, with its headquarters in Dublin Castle, dictate, in every department of public service, to the rest of Ireland. An English Lord Lieutenant and Chief Secretary, _ a Scotch Under Secretary, an English Assis tant Under Secretary, and Irish Tory ditto, are the immediate heads of the Castle, draw ing salaries from our taxes, ruling us they please, and putting some of us in prison (laughter and cheers) when we are in any way troublesome — which happens ? occasionally (laughter) — to this little arrangement. Assisting this knot o fsalaried strangers, over whose appointment to the positionof our governors the Irish 'governed' have no more voice than in the election of the Mikado of Japan, there is a ' Privy Council, which is composed as follows : — Two Protes tant archbishops, one an Englishman, aged 70, and the other an Irish Tory, aged 82, head the list. Next follow ex-Irish Chancellors, nine ex- Chief Secretaries, all English ; the Commander of the forces in Ireland, seven peers, of whom four are Tories ; and eighteen or twenty judges, not a single one of whom is in sympathy with the teelmgs on tne lrisn people, not one of whom, from Earl Spencer down to the lowest on the list, would have a ghost of a chance in eight out of every _ ten Irish constituencies, even with our present limi ted franchise, against the humblest follower of Mr. Parnell (loud cheers.) Now, Iwant to ask one or two plain questions of fair minded Englishmen. What would bo thought of a governor of England— or, say, nf n.Pi'imn Miniatni' — who could not onlv not be returned to Parliament by English con stituencies, but who would not dare to show his nose before a public meeting in the coun try except when guarded by soldiers or mili tary police P (Loud cheers). And what would be thought of [such a governor if he had as his Privy Council the most objection able politicians in the country, and the judges of the land, who are supposed, from their duties, to be free from all interfence in the work of governing the people? (Cheers. 1 How long would Englishmen tolerate such an outrage upon constitutional liberty ? In the subordinate departments of Dublin Castle rule the same practice of ascendancy is maintained. The magistrates (stipendiary) of Ireland are exclusively recruited from the anti-Irish and West-British section of the people. There are not half a dozen Catholics among tho whole_ seventy five. In addition to this slight upon the religion of the country, these salaried officials of justice are taken from the ranks of those classes and callings in which they are most likely to imbibe the strongest prejudice against both the social feelings, religious-: convictions, and national aspirations of the country. Ex-land agents, promoted constabulary officers, retired naval and mili tary men, or legal dependents upon Dublin Castle, are the stamp of men from whom the paid magistracy of Ireland is selected by that policy which has failed to win our people to a respect of the law which is admi nistered by those who are most obnoxious to them. The justices of the peace, or honorary magistrates, of Ireland number ovor 3700, about 98 per cent, being landlords and land agents. The religious population of the country shows the Roman Catholics to num ber about 4,000,000, while all the other deno minations combined, which class themselves as Protestant, amount to about 1,000,000. Yet, the proportion to Catholic to Protestant jus- ,v tices of the peace is one of the former to every 35,000, and one of tho latter to every 290, of their respective co-relitjionists. The faith, which claims upwards of 90 per cent, of tho population as belonging to its Church receives recognition to the honorary magis tracy from the Government to the extent of about four per cent., while that which can count but twenty per cent, of people as be longing to his fold has no less than 96 per cent, of the rural and petty justices. (Loud cries of shame.) It will be easily seen why, under such a system of a government, the right of public meeting is denied, why free speech is not allowed, why civil and religious liberty means the ascendancy of the religion of the minority, and why the administration of the law is kept in the hands of one class. But 1 trust it will also be seen v/hy we are the enemies of Castle rule, why we contend for the right of speech and public meeting, why we are the advocates of true civil and. ? religious freedom, and why we distrust the law which is administered by our avowed political enemies. (Cheers.) Jingland — that is the mass of its people, not its political parties — wants to be convinced of two things, and they will see at once not only the justice but the expediency of doing away with. Dub lin Castle, and substituting self-government, such as that of Canada and Australia, in ita place. First, that Irish landlordism, for the support of which Castle rule is chiefly up held, instead of being a garrison which keeps our country subjected to England, is the one faction, of all others, most responsible for the discontent of the people — the most irritating sore in the body politic of Ireland ; the one point wheh wili always be within reach of attack ; the one great injustice that will ever justify opposition to and disrespect for the power which sustains it against the interests, the feelings, and the instincts of the Celtic race, (loud cheers). And the second thing is, that when the majority of the people of Ireland have the constitutional control of their own domestic affairs, the rights of the minority in civil and religious matters shall be respected. Speaking of the future of landlordism Mr. Davitt said : — Labour expended in propping up Irish landlordism is' labour in vain ; it is building upon sand ; it is unjust even to the landlords, because it is calculated to buoy them up with false hopes, and to precipitate their ultimate ruin by encouraging them to dis regard all self-effort now to provide for a time when Ireland will no longer support them in privileged idleness and luxury. (Cheers.) The one hundred thousand tenant farmers have gone into the Land Courts for the same reason which took more than double that number into the ranks of the Land League— to obtain a reduction of un just rent ; and whether another bad reason produces a bad harvest and prevents the farmer from earning rent he wilL be as ready to join another League for protection against the exaction of judicial vackrenta a3 he was in becoming a member of the Land League ; and there will be men in Ire land, I hope, who will tell him that to pay rent which the land does not produce and starve his children for the sake of a lazy landlord is the act of a fool, and that the law which demands it is an unjust and im moral law, which has no higher moral sanc tion than that of a bayonet to enforce it (loud cheers). While these material forces are fighting against the efficiency of the Land Act there are greater moral forces con tending against the continuance of landlord ism under any conditions. Take an instance from the West of Ireland. Lord Clanriearde is the landlord of the town and county sur rounding Loughrea. He takes £40,000 a year in rent from this poor locality without outlay, trouble, superintendence, or risk. He is an absentee landlord, and soends this enormous income outside of Ireland, and this man, who is thus permitted by law to abstract this wealth from the labour and the enterprise of others, not only refuses to give but absolutely resists every attempt to buy from him a few yards of the land of Loughrea, whereon a Catholic bishop may erect a church in which the people who earn Lord Clanricard's £40,000 a year can worship the God who created the soil out of which it is produced. (Loud cries of ' Shame,') Will the people o£ Eng land tell me whether such a man sustains their power in Ireland or not — whether a system which begets such vindictive tyranny is one that ia calculated to promote peace in a Christian country P (Loud cheers.) Having shown that Irish Catholics are always ready to respect their Protestant fellow-countrymen, and never refused to put Protestant Nationalists into prominent . positions of trust on account of their religion, Mr. Davitt spoke as follows of tho recent municipal elections in Liverpool : — Mr. Davitt concluded his speech by refers ring to a letter written by him during the recent municipal contest in Liverpool, and said instead of such, a letter having been exacted from him under false pretences, he had got to say to those who made this charge that if his friend John Denvir and his friends were called upon to tight the same cause next week he would cancel his engagements and come to Liverpool (loud cheers) to appeal to its Irish people m an issue where he would think there was no necessity for any such appeal in an issue between their true and tried Nationalist of twenty years' standing, and some English Catholic, who, although personally, doubtless, a very amiable gentle man, was at the same time not an Irishman, and could not be in sympathy with Irish national aspirations. When Mr. Deuvir and his friends were members of the National League and their oppponents were not, how could ho, Mr. Sexton, Mr. Healy, Mr. O'Brien, or the leader of the Irish people, hesitate to support the former ? (Cheers.) 