BAZAAR AT THE TOWN HALL.—The bazaar in connection with St. Bartholomew's Church was continued at the Town Hall on Friday with the same success as attended it on the opening day. During the afternoon and evening the room was well filled, and, thanks to the assiduous efforts of the ladies, a brisk trade was done. During the evening the proceedings were enlivened by selections given by the Adelaide Orchestra. The bazaar will be continued to-day, and to-night the members of the Church Young Men's Society will appear in "Furnished Apartments" in the Refreshment-room. The English cricketers have also accepted an invitation to be present. In the list of ladies presiding at the stalls published in Friday's Register the names of Mesdames Creswell and Johnson were inadvertently omitted. PROPOSED CITY BAND.—We are glad to hear that there is a chance of a City Band of a high-class character being permanently established in Adelaide. The success of the Torrcns Lake Rotunda performances last summer, as evidenced by the large number of people who were attracted every week, indicates thtre is plenty of scope for a City Band in our midst, and that the establishment of a really good one would meet with general approval. It is with pleasure therefore we are able to state that steps have been taken by Signor Squarise which it! is to be hoped will result in the services of a high-class band being placed at the disposal of the public. Signor Squarise held a State appointment in Italy for four years as bandmaster, and those who had the pleasure of hearing in the Albert Hall and elsewhere during the present year that performance of the band of ninety musicians trained by himself need not be told that Signor Squarise possesses exceptional ability, not only as a conductor, but also as a composer. The latter qualification stands him in good stead, as it enables him to adapt the scores of the great masters to the exact capacity of the musiciaus and instruments at his disposal, while it is always a pleasure to hear the Signor's original compositions. The difficulties in the way of bringing the enterprise up to the standard which its projector wishes it to obtain are not yet entirely surmounted. He considers that a band worthy of the city should consist of not less than forty performers, for whom he would have to find suitable instruments. He then proposes to send at once to one of the best makers in Italy or V ienna for a set of forty instruments, it being most desirable, to ensure success, that the instruments should all be by the same maker. This he calculates would co3t from £80 to £100, while the annual expenses would, he thinks, be under £300 a year. Several prominent citizens have signified their willingness to become members of the Committee of Management to supervise the disposal of the funds, and decide where and when the band shall perform, and all that is really wanted to make the enterprise what it deserves to be, a thorough success and a credit to the city, is—£ s. d. Once started the band would undertake to play every week during the summer months at the Rotunda, or wherever the committee might decide, and on any other Dublic occasions required by the Committee of Management. Dr. Schomburgk points out that there are splendid sites in the Botanic Garden and Park for a band. Near the Rosary there is a choice spot, and here it is proposed to erect the splendidly carved Oriental gateway which has just arrived from Calcutta, and which now lies at the Port till a decision haB been arrived at with regard to its location. In order to have the band available for the approaching season, Signor Squarise has issued a circular inviting the public to subscribe towards this very desirable object. FLOWER SHOW AT THE CONGREGATIONAL SCHOOL, GLENELG.—The Floral and Arts Exhibition in connection with the Congregational Sunday-school, Glenelg, was continued on Friday evening. A large number of people visited the hall and manifested great interest in the floral display and works of art which were so muoh admired on the opening day. Several ladies and gentlemen contributed to the enjoyment of the evening by singing songs and rendering pianoforte solos. Among the most successful were Hen- Hans Bertram, Messrs, Rickards and Stacey, and Mrs. Kchn. CELEBRATION OF HALLOWEEN. — A lir^e number of ladies and gentlemeD assembled at the Albert Hall on Friday evening to celebrate the time of Halloween. No festival is more honoured by our Scottish friends than that of Halloween, when elves and fairies are supposed to exercise a more than wonted sway, and the ^most mysterious and uncanny means are resorted to—or at any rats ware at one time—for the purpose of discovering the sccrets which the future has in store. la Burns's poem "Halloween" the bard describes with much fidelity most of the methods prevalent by the banks of bonny Doon, from pulling the hail—a mysterious ceremony performed by candltlight after dark—to burning the nuts, the action of the nuts under fire giving a sure indication of what is about to happen to the couple who thus try their luck. The latter ceremony was performed with all due honour at the Albert Hall at the festival of Halloween, as also was the more popular one amon^ the juvenile portion called "dookin"' for apples. This is a very simple but much-cherished custom, the juveniles " dookin'" or dippingtheirheads in the watertrough provided for the occasion, and doing their level best to seize an apple with their teeth. Somewhat similar to this custom.is that of forking the apples, the little ones endeavouring to spear an apple witii a fork, the apples being kept in a constant state of circulation, and necessitating a most accurate aim, At the back of the platform on which these little amusements were being carried on was an immense hollow watermelon caived into the shape of a face, inside of which gleaned a lighted candle of noted power to scare away the ghosts. The first part of the evening was devoted to dancing, singing, and recitations, several songs and recitations in the Scotch dialect being:' creditably given. After 10 o'clock dancing was indulged in exclusively, Scotch and' English dances—jigs, waltzes, and quadrilles—being kept up to a late hour. Music was furnished from a piano and violin, and occasionally from the bagpipes, without which of coarse no Scotch festival would be complete. This ball was prettily decorated wich flags, and while the dancing was going on presented a very gay appearance, the Highland costumes worn by some of the dancers lending the charm of variety to the scene. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE HOME FOB IN- CURABLES.—A tea and entertainment were, provided for the inmates of the Home for Incurables by ladies and gentlemen of North Adelaide on Thursday evening, October 30. The tea was laid out in the large dining-hall, and most of the inmates were able to attend. After tea an entertainment, consisting of songs, recitations, readings, &c.;, was wellcarried out. The chair was taken by Mr J. Murray, and the following ladies and gentlemen assisted, Viz.—Misses Marshall and Williams, Mrs. Simson, Messrs. F. E. Randell, Davidson, Hendry, Whiting, Crispe, Twelvetree, and Murray. The various items were thoroughly enjoyed by the,inmates, and the wish was expressed that it would not be the last of the kind given there. ENTERTAINMENT ON THE .REFORMATORY HULK.—Mr. Weippert, who haB recently undertaken the duties of schoolmaster to the boys on the Fifzjames, has ibtroduced a new departure in'the manner of their, entertainment, and on Friday evening, with the assistance of a party of ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide and neighbourhood, a very good miscellaneous programme was presented, in which the boys themselves were well represented..'- The steamlaunch Bluebell left Largs Bay Jetty in time to arrive at the hulk before sundown, and-, on getting alongside the visitors were heartily welcomed by the Chairman of the Destitute Board and the. officers of the vessel. The gleeful chatter of the expectant boys was at once heard, and„pn ascending to the maindeck the work of bnsy hands was immediately apparent in the capital arrangement made for the evening. Stools and chairs in abundance were arranged for the auditory, while a capital proscenium had been devised with the aid of Sags, the lamps setting everything off to advantage. The boys, to the number of fifty-seven, were mustered and marched to their seats, when Mr. Reed told them they had kind friends ashore, who took an interest in their welfare. That he hoped was the first of a series of entertainments to be given at intervals. On asking the boys if they would like this, there were loud cries of " Yes, Sir." He had no doubt it would give them plea sure, and they would try to get the same help in the future. Miss Bradley then commenced the programme by a selection on the organ, after which the Chairman introduced four of„ the Hulk lads—Furze, Elliott, Goodall, and Maddern—who gave a short dramatic representation, entitled " Scenes from the School of Reform," in which the moral taught was specially appropriate to the youthful mind. Tho lads acted their part fairly well. Goodall then recited "The Charge of the Light Brigade," and had an apparent gra£p of the spirit of the theme. Mr. Mitchell, a visitor, followed with "We Tars that on the Ocean Sail." which was well received. Raines, another Hulk lad, gave a comic song in character, " The Wornout Nigger," and elicited shouts of applause from the boys. A little fellow named Vautell recited "Tommy and the Apples," quite bringing down the house by his simplicity. Elliott, of the Hulk, recited " Paddy O'Rafferty" with a good brogue, and Miss Shorney followed with the song "The Ship-boy's letter." Another of the lads named Grant sang with much; pathos "The Spanish Cavalier." Goodall again appeared, reciting in a comical manner " The Gluttonous Duck," causing much merriment, Mr. Mitchell recited "The Masher," and Miss Shorney sing " The Better Land," both meeting with much favour. Elliott again appeared, and sang " The Dark- eyed Sailor" in a pleasiEg manner. Mr. Farrow, of Port Adelaide, who came with a second party to the vessel, contributed a violin solo. Mr. Weippert, Mr. Button,[the Acting Superintendent, and Mr. Reed made a few further remarks, the former speaking hopefully of the character and ability of the boys under his care. Thanks were accorded the visitors, who numbered about forty, and on leaving the vessel the lads gave .ringing cheers for Mr. Beed and all who had assisted. The National Anthem closed the programme. The boys were regaled with cakes and buns sent by friends, and the visitors were also entertained. The party landed in time for an early train. MARKET GARDENERS' PICNIC —The prizes won at the recent market gardeners' picnic are to be distributed by the Mayor of Adelaide at tbe Ea^t-End Market Hotel this morning. • CY-CLING.—A conjoined run of the local bicycle clubs will leave Victoria-square for Little Para this afternoon. PARROT-SHOOTING MATCH. — A parrotshooting match will be held at the Goodwood Park Hotel this afternoon. REV. J. R. GLASSON.—This gentleman unexpectedly arrived by the South Australian from Melbourne on I'ridav morning to temporarily supply the College Park Congregational pulpit. It is announced that Rev. A. Jones will preach to- morrow, and that Rev. J. R. Glasson will commence his ministrations at College Park on Sunday, November 9. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STUDENT.—Mr. T. A. Hynes, who left the colony in June last for Edinburgh, to study for the medical profession, has successfully passed his matriculation examination, and was placed first in the first class. AXL SOULS' CHURCH, EAST ADELAIDE.—The dedication services of this Church will take lace to-day and to-morrow, the preacher on §aturday being the Ven. Archdeacon Dove, and on Sunday the Rev. Canon Dendy, D.D., and the Rev. Canon Green. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. — The number of passengeis who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other parts during the week ending Saturday, October 25, was 214. Of these 162 came from Melbourne, 23 from Sydney, 22 from London. 5 from Natal, 1 from Brisbane, 1 from Normanton. The number who left Port Adelaide by.sea for other parts during tbe same period was 325. For Melbourne, 264; for Sydney, 31; for London, 15; for Hongkong, 6; for Port Darwin, 5; for Fremantle, 2; for Guam, 2. £3T Elder's Wool and Produce Company, Limited, desire to draw the attention of Gardenurs, Uentlemen wanting Building Sites, Investors, Ac., to their Sale To-day, at 2 o'clock, on the Land, near the Glynde, of 8 Blocks of Valuable Land, from I to 6 Acres in extent. For full particulars see advertising columns. Tram cars start from opposite Parliament House, North-terrace. tsr A growing want, viz., Beady-made Clothing for Boys and Girls, is now supplied by Hay and Compy., and their value is unsurpassed. 2S5sc 