A GHASTLY EBFLECTION. TrjAT Lancashiro is one of the moat populous oountiea iu England would scarcely bo admitted by any one taking his sample from ¡ the corner thereof in whioh the parish of Brenden lay. initbemost thiukly iuhabitod part of it niue or ton housos stood round the renowned hotel which bore tho name of thc Suasion Bear, and the picturo of that animal whioh was fixed above tho door of tho public house held such a high piece in estimation of the fréquentera of that 1 tavern, that a show which easne'tio the district, and contaiucd a besrtlive, but not answering the description of that in the beforemeotioncd picture, was immediately voted a swindle, and its ównor . dismissed with a oaution not to try his tricks again on a community which knew more than he did. , Everybody knew the Bear, Rent audits, elnb gatherings, and sprees had been held there from time immemorial, and every Christmas night » company composed of people irom, all parts of the township spent under ¿ts «ld < the greatest festival in the year. Several years ago I determined that I would be present at the gathering in question, and as I had a loug way to go I started early in j the evening, and bad' walked some distance alone whenlthe moon rose in ber splendour, lending a new glory to the tract of land which lay white and cold on every hand, and chang- ing the traveller's task to a pleasure. By and-by, however, I heard footsteps in front, and, quickening my pace, soon carno up with a man who waa bound to the same place as myself, but had started carly in order to ' tak bis time o'er it.' His name was Thomas Preston acoording to the parish register, and 'Tum o'tb Millhesuaes' according to the popular system ¡of nomenclature He was about fifty years of age, a handloom weaver by trade, andas firman unbeliever in the potence of steam 'and the , .wonders worked ,by the electric finid os he'waa a believer in the power of visitón from - the supernatural world, i To say that he failed to produes: bis; shore j of the conversation would be to assert what I was untrue ; but es he was a very slow speaker'at' most'times, and any attempt to hurry him caused him to stammer itt' a nope less manner, a little matter went a long way with him. Besides this,' he: was prone to repeat any narrative which was in any way interrupted ; and so the little «tory bs com- menced soon siter I joined him bid (air to last ont our Journey. 'Owd Digby were a wicked fells, there's no dei wt in', or else, he wouldn't hov deed j' sich, a queer fashion,' he asid.' And on my inquir- ing if tbe cante of his death were neser . MMrtsrmeS; he 'continued : 'Now 11 Bud his time hod dome, I reckon:, Nobody'd slh'owt oh bini for a week, till one Christmas neet mi feyther au' owd Dick. Hen ?haw wer"goblri past, 'an' theer they fun th' owd fella led under hit own wind, as deead as a atoota.- He just looked, aw'vo hoered mi feyther say, ashe'mbt hevtumpled eawt of a upstairs winda, but there wer nooan oppon, an there wer noa tb er a cut nor a serat on him onywheer.' ' But What did the jury say ?'I inquired. ' Why, they said be deed bi the visitation of God. Visitation of the devil moor like I' We were passing along a narrow part of the road, by the side of which the tall trees stood against the moonlight .like the skeletons of dead and gone forests hovering round thc scenes af their former growth. The air was still not a sound to be heard, except that now and then a dump of snow, falling from the tender branches on the hedge, caused a momentary rustle as it fell through the lower twigs to the earth. 'Suppooas we ishould see him to-neet I' said my companion in.a low voice. 'Ho comos abaawt «very Ohristmas, the-say, an' wodevor mon, we do ir he. meets ut t" . ' Well, they need to tell me to say,. wbon I met a bqggart, " Th' feaw'et tek booatb 1" I don't know whether it would drive it away or not." : = -?;? 'It's nowt:to Maugh at, aw t-tell thal' ejaculated Mr. Preston, as we came in sight of the place whioh was said to be haunted. It was a low house, and as the moon was behind it, threw ajdark shadow into the road, The light shone on -to the thatch on the other side of the hones, and the dark windows and huge black beams which formed the skeleton of ita walls were barely distinguishable as we came ont of the wood. ' Nonsense 1'I replied} 'but tbe-fears of my companion would seem to have commuai- ' ca tod themselves to me. for I began to fell less of that bravado ont of the force of which I had defied the supernatural visitor of whom roy friend was fa such dread, To be sure many of the most enlightened men of the age have proved to .their, own satisfaction that sooh a thing aa a spectre or spirit bad never been, and could never be. But, on the other band, we have the testimony of an observant ancestry, whose fears' ot unearthly apparitions were no pônbt'well grounded. From these reflections I was awakened by Mr. Preston, who remarked that if I knew as mnoh ebj>st old J&igby; as ho did, I would show more respect for the powers of midnight. But his evident intebtion to repeat tho story, and so engage the attention until we were past the unhallowed spot, aroused my dor- mant courage, ; and; seising bim by the shoulder, I attempted to drag him towards the house. He broke loose, however, and I went forward to the window, through which nothing was visible in the uncertain light. 'Lookout for the boggart. Tom 1' I shouted and at the same moment , shook the window violently, and forced a laugh at the timidity pf my cpjm^imv : - ^ B»t«»tantlf,*nd.«rjthout*onoâ orwarning flash of light daitled my eyes, and a faoe met my own. hi the hitherto darkened pane. tti eur^obnded by s, dira' balo of light, like tho far (aWay ^ro of,»oaio unearthly foe. Without a second glance, without a word to warn my companion, off I went down tho road my wholo frame trembling with a fear wbich urjjbd nie on towards the Bear, tho nearest house we should, arrive :at. I never was afraid before-at least I never felt a tithe of the fear whioh took .possession, of my will, and drove " mb,forward In my dight from my snpernsturoli pursuer, for I felt that every moment I' should feel the cold hand or the dread visitor. laid oh me. The public house'gained,'in 1 trashed, fol- lowed fn hot haste by Mr. Freston, whom I bad forgotten np to then, but wbo came close upon me as I dashed into the midst bf a plea- sant company gathered in the large parlour of the Russian Bear. ' Wodever'.sobart' of a gam ere yo at neaw !" asked ths landlord, '. . Tom, aw thowt tha hed moor sense than runnin' like a bore wi't' dog's noosa at'id heels,' 'Hov yo bin raelo'T' asked another, who truanted the house that the spirit occupied, and whose name was Robert Peel. ' Ay, ey | r-racing the devil,' ejaculated Mr. Preston, regaining his breath and staring across at me, a proceeding in which he was «ooo joined by tbs rest of the company. ' It's only too true,' I gasped. ' We've seen Digby s ghost 1' 'Thé devil yo hov4 Wheer?' asked Mr. Peel. ' Eh,, Robin, tha shouldn't swear if there's sieh things abeawt. Wbcer' han yo sin him, ««yen jo I1 asked 'a female member of tho oompany. ,i . Anditbe >est gathered round mo while I recounted'the terrible history of tbe appari- tion. , ' By the stars 1' ejaculated Mr. Peel when I had finished, 'heawever mon we do, an' o' «awn things in th' heawse V 'Eh, tba gred foo,' rejoined hiB wile, wodever dues tba want bclievin' sich like for I They happen met another drunken fella i'th road, ah't en th' boggart at him.' I saidxothing in reply to this complimen- tary speech, and very soon thc lady who had made it was preparing to go home to ascertain If tome one were ' playin' their babby heawse trioks abeawt th' place to freetén them as is foe's like thoirself. At first no one was willing to accompany Company soon filed out of the house, many of them being armed with one thing or another, from the landlord, who carried a huge blunder buBB, to 'Tom o'th Brook Holla,' o cobbler who rented a small work-shop from tho owner of the Bear, and who carried bis lap-stono as a handy missile in case thc ofiair were brought to a oontest, By-and-by tho house woe rcachod, and after a little time was spent in unlocking thc door, the lady of the house wont inBido, while tho rest of us stayed at a respectful distance. By the timo, however, that Mrs, I'cel had found a match with whioh to light tho candió which was fixed in an old fashioned holdor hanging against the whitewashed wall, we had ventured nearer the doorway, and, with expectation raised to an exciting pitch, awaited the outcome of the lady's audacity. The deathlike stillness, broken only by the dull unearthly tiok of a tall clock, now and then, the stirring of a foot on the sanded floor smote me with a foreboding, compared to whioh the battle trumpet is a morry c imo. *Hev yo' bin tryin to shake th' hoyle deawn, some on you?' were the wordB that aroused me from my reverie. ' Them as gooas a seechin1 boggarts shouldn't be freeteued ov' lookiu' in a glaaB I' In sn inBtant, as I met thc withering smiles of the assembled multitude, all becamo clear to mo. On a table in front of the window stood a common mirror, which WSB held hy and swung on screws in its centre, and which was top heavy from the amount of orna- mental drapery with which it is the fashion to adorn these pieces of furniture. When I rattled tho window, tho gravity of this super- incumbent drapery had asserted itself, the mirror had turnod upside down with tho class toward the window, and the face that bad confronted mo woe-a reflection of my own. Need I say more in palliation of refusal to credit every wild story of hobgoblins and spirits which is dinned into my ears, and which if tried, might prove to be-a reflec- tion. " LUKE ALOFT," in the Jfancliestcr Weekly Mail, 