OtR LONDON LETTER. '; ;(FE0M' OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ? Again arid again has Mrs. Georgina 'Weldon triumphantly vindicated her sanity and filled her enemies with discomfiture and confusion. If ahe bo indeed mad there is a curious method in her madness, whioh obnolustvely proves, whatever may be tho opinion' of medical genttomen interested in tho profitable roturna of private lunatic establishments, that Mrs. 'Weldoti is singularly capable of taking, oare of herself, and that she is able to arguo abstract questions of law, and to discuss and, reason upon tacts oetore judges ot tne iiign Uourt in a manner which would be creditable to trained lawyers. It is ,very conceivable, that Mrs.: Weldon, in years gone by, may hnvo been the victim oE halluoinacions. ' Bat Bhe is not singular in this respect. . Tl'o hallucinations of ' Pascal, Napoleon, Goethe; Dr.' Johnson, Byron, Ohiiteaubriand, and a whole host of great men immediately present themselves to the mind.' Their hallucinations woro somewhat similar :.to' ; tbose of Mrs. Woldbn ,but no one over attempted to, incarcerate these persons in lunatic asylums. Not only haathis e'nergetio arid talented1 lady1 raited important questions, which must cause a 'th'orou'Kli' reformation'' in the lunaoy -laws of Great Britain, bat ahe has established the right of a, married woman to sue in her own namo under the Married Woman's Property Aot,. and hua, moreover, pstablished the fact that damages awarded by a jury to a married woman, who brings: an notion in her own name for injury, done to her person, belong, to her as her ? own Bep'ttrate property, and not to her husband. In eipoeing the abuse to which . the lunacy, laws are open', as- they : at. present,, stand, Mrs. Weldon has ..performed a great public service, and Bho i* entitled tottho sympathy' arid 'appr'o: .bation of the British public. Tho: 'supervision of , the Odmmissionera in' Lunaoy is a ttupid farce,. andtbe reckless and impudoi.t manner in wljioh any one Hviogriu . England -ihay. be:do-i prived-of his, liberty weli.explains the.indignant, protest of Mr. .Justioe, Hawkins in the r,eoent, trial of Weldou 1). Seiuplo-^-',' The. la'wi'jnj.the state ,in whioh. we find it is calculated''t'o.filV' every ono who contemplates it/with terror and, .alarm'.''1''.- ' ??' ; ' '?;?'- ;:'y~' '?'? ''.'??? :''?' '-' -'??'- 4t, Mrs.'Weldoni'too, is1 repo'rted' to ''have held converse with; her dog!, who; 'it', is ^aid/she believos has a soul.- This was one pointwhidh the ^doctors ^ scored; ; against Mrs: ..Weldbnin, coming to the conclusion that she-wns mad. It is; ' howev.erl..a fact .that some, hundreds of, millions of. oUr fellow-men ' believe that! Aans and other animals have souls. This idea has dbUined ' f rorn the remotest' antiquity;' indeed' long before1 Pythagoras,' nnd-iB: now a firm' article of belief among four-fifthsof the1 peoples of Aiia.i i,:'; 1! ';. ..,-;-., .; : i ,..-.?.?.;...,-: :'-.! ?;?? ??;?.??;...: ?!..?'.?, , I wonder if; flies have 'souls.. .Thgy.are the' torment of the Euglishsummer of .1884! , From rnorn till. j night,, these ..fierce'. little dragons distract' u»— they ] Vpri't; be . caught, arid' they, -bivn't be killed;',' they .terrify and madden by day; arid' they h'a'unt'our pillows nt night.' Breakfast —flies; luncheon— flies; dinner -' flies; : :.They get into' our tea.they stick in: .the butter,' 'they spbili:.tho sugar,'; and they.-flvvarm in the gravy. They sit,, upon /my ;very.' penholder hi' -;I, .write.,, .Mnke. a yicious ? ,da«h,,;at one, and over Roes., the . ink-stand. r.Gape, arid, 'you ' may meet the' fate ''of .' .'. Pope Adrian IV., who was choked' by' one of these little demons. You may rave and sw.ear ,»n'd shake your, .fisl in ? impotent.'rag'e, but still .they b'uzz round. with that horrible luooking and tormenting buzz whioh is so oalculated to give thWmind'a religieua itripotns. , Luther.said thai flies'- were the 'ghosts of heretics, ?' because thiiy always promenaded upon hie Biblri when ? he1 commenced to read; No .wonder Sanoho Panza anathematized them. ,,1 .:.' : ? ...Ono of the. funny on diis of the day is that Lord Randolph Churchill,- who baB been giving ,Mr. Gladstone so much trouble, has a familiar .'spirit., Tho- familiar takes up his quarters'iri the ferocious curl of Lord Randolph's moustache, and whispers his instructions into the ear of the fiery little orator ; and if. i« true thai; hin'Lord iship's. fierce torrent of Batirioal ?- mvective seems increased , in proportion.- to ? the vigour with which he twirls his moustache. But why phould ; not .Lord Randolph have a fumiliar? Philosophers,: statesmen, and even, kings have asoribed : their learning and' wiidom to .intercourse with the other world. Mohammed bh'd hisdove arid Sertorius his hind 'Agrippa had! a !blaok ? doe, . Odin onrried aljout, the embalmed' head of Miiner, Numa used to con ,vorse with the nymph Egeria, Minos the logis-; ,lator of: the Cretans had a quiet chat every nino years with Jupiter in a cave, and Manko Kapak said he came down from.rth'e eun, in order ,io. instruct: the Peruvians.. Sixtus: V., Miirechal Faber, arid- Roger Bacon ill had their diabolioat attendants, so his Lordship is riot at l; all singular. ;???. '?. ?; . .;..-' .';..,;;. .-...? : On the 1st August;:1884, we 'Bang our great .. preon of : triumph in commemoration of : the viotory obtained fifty years ago, to celebrate, the grandest example of disinterested -humanity iin the history.bf the, 19th ceritury^to 'recall to 'the British nation the fact that fifty years ago we'paid t'20,000,000 to jiconmpliiih the abolition 'of n^gro'servitude in tho!West Indies, and to exchange congratulations upon the 50th anni versary .; of : .negr.o. freedom. On ? the 1st 'August, 1834, not only ; in. the, West Indies, but, , throughout the whole of. the British dominions was slavery, abolished. No less than ' 800,000 men and women in Jamaica alone' sprung from bondage: into the glorious light of freedom, and the work of Granvillo Sharp, Buxton, Wilberforce, Pitt, ?Fox,1 Burke, Brougham, and others was trium .phantly accomplished. Tho slave was r free. Slavery, was praotlcally abolished in: India in 1845, and in 1848 the Frenoh Ropublio Abolished slavery throughout the French dominions. In' 18C1 Russia, under tho late Czar Alexander, emancipated 20,000,000 serfs, and; in 1865 .no less than 6,000 000 of slaves seourod their froedom in the Southern States of America. The anti-slavery work of the last 50 years has ? been produotWo of many beneficial results. ? The Bey of Tunis has been induced to deplaro against slavery. . Sir Samuel Baker and General Gordon did wonders during their tenure of '.office/in the Soudan. In Morqoob.the public auotibn of slaves is not permitted; at all events, this is so' in Tangiers; and Brazil has just; intimated :i her intention of following the course we initiated half a century ago, Brazil is the only part of America still curao'l with the ' old ays tern of bondage.' : But slavery stilt oxistR in Cuba, in. Asia, and in Afrioa. . Much remains* for tlie Anti-slavery Society to Ao.' ! '' Tho London season opened badly with the , death of the Duke of Albany, and ran a very dreary course until the obsequies of the season of .1884 took place at Goodwood; .. Not a few young Indies who were, to. be brought out deferred making their debut until 1885, deter mined that nothing' inauspioioua should mar their entree into society or lessen . the number of their first year's conquests. The. fashionable world have now put up their shutters, and the thousands:who fear , of the' oholera will keep from their usual continental haunts, will make: the hearts of lodging-house keepers in fashion able seaside resorts bound with joy as they, find their apartments filled by visitors who live extravagantly and pay exorbitant rrloes. Those poor wrotohes who are.Ieft in town have, nothing to do but read the proceedings of the Divorce Court and : Ouida's latest, tho ladies are dittraiti and .the men llase. The day is gaped away, and in the . evening the upper tori gradually subside, into whist, ohioken, hazard,, or baccarat. August ls!a proverbially hot month, but this year the heat is phenomeiial. To my thinking, ' ''''.' ' ' There is nothing in .town half so sweet as |a ?'? plunge ': ?' ?' ?''??' ''?? '?'?' ?? '\ ? In a jolly big: tub, witha'jolly big snorige.' : ; In weather like this there is nothing like a good roomy; tub, - a big . 'Bpongej nndan iced- peg. Most of; thepoets, have gone, into, ecstacies over love's -young , dream or the first thrills of, pas sion; and have '? ' ,'i' ?'.]'.. 'T''i, .-'.?'!''.,?'. ., ,..!.?,. '?',:' 1 . . , 'Rhymed about what, 1 In their private opinions, delioious or not ; ?''',' 'But none, though they certainly havri't ?': ' abused it, .('.,? '?:'?'?''. :? 1 Have lauded the,tub. Let us hope that they ,' :;; used it,' : ??::?,?:?.?';':..???-'' ??''?':? ,: .' The late distressing death at Nottingham of i Mr. 'Justice Watkin Williamsj one of our most respected judgos,.and a shining light among tbo xyiHatfumru, iiu», unutiua amosb painiui unpres ,'«icihjin.sooi»ty.' , The evidence of the' girl Nollio : Banks,1 who' waojlast ? with the learned judge, ' is giyen in extehso in' one : of the Nottingham papers.'- The report has, been reprinted, and is ,powibeing circulated sndsold in'.the streets of London in pamphlet form and under the moat offensive titles..? It is out ious' that Mr. Justice Lopes,r only .' the 'day '-.before this shocking 'occurrence, had caused to be read, in pursuance of' an old custom, the proclamation against vice aridiimmorality. .('?'!' '?? '?'?'??:?? .Some English .newspapers ..have been com: meriting, upon tho:unlmppyontl in' Tasmania, of. an English girl named Boao Herbert, andthe Samaritan conduct of a Mm. Hubbard, Mrs. Fysh.. and other kindly .woiribn ..who gave','. a helping : hand to poor Rose. XJnorivied be the man; who treads the earth with suoh a cloud' of guilt upon his soul as the botrayor of this girl, whose fate, judging from the reports, must be :knbwn to you ail;;/,For\'a woman, who: loves 'not wi«ely, buttoo well,' .there- is-.but !one, escape— -the graye., .,j .'. ?' ??? ??. ,,. ,,...-. .,l;; 'Man, ; the lawless libertine, may. rove , -,.',. , ,,'' Free arid unlicensed through the wiles of love. Xlf, poor weak woman stray, from virtuo's rule, ?'If; strongly tempt she quit the thorny way, 1 And in the softer. paths of pleasure. stray, : -Ruin ensues, reproach', and endle«s «hnme ; ? And one false step entirely damns her fame.' All honour, to: the Tasmaniari' women who lent a; sympathising helping hand to their English sister. But there are some of us who would like 'to. meet Jonathan Herbert alone on the hill ?ide; ;,,.-,, ???/.?; ;:-? . ;,,,;? ? ?:?:-??: !.; ?? -.' . .V: '?? Thedynaraitapplioyofithe Terrorists is prao-i tioally.yai.failurejiand. publio interest] in the trials it now ; relapring into, the same; apathetic attention Jwith whioh the general run] of crimes is regarded .by^the.iBritish publio. .'The punish men.t whioh ;has overtaken' Daly'nnd Egan will probably be ;i warning in the 1 future to those' who desire' to breate a dynamite panic. As you will have seen! from the Englinh newspapers, Mi. . Juatioe. Hawkins,' at the,': Warwick Assizes, sentenced' Daly to nenalni'ervitude for- 'life,' and! Egirn ? to penal j ['servitude, .for twenty years. ' An' ordor ; in Council has been issued, direoting that hereafter it shall not be necessary for the, proclamation apainst vicound immorality to bo read in Court, at the opening of Assizes by her Majesty's Judges, and Lord Brimwell has expressed approval of the action ? in Council, because 'the Clerk, of Assize/or his officers gabbled over the proclaiiia tion, arid if by any chance it was heard by the publio, it only called forth a laugh.' . This proclamation wai , originally instituted In the - reign of, Charles II. . . . .' . On the 15th October, the claimant ii to bo released on ticket-pf-leave, and will at once proceed to 'vindicate his oharacter.and to expose' tho villains who have been concorned in the monstrouB conspiracy' against him.' On being liberated, it is said that he will commence the carnpaign with a course of ' temperanco leo tures. ' Should William Oresswell turn out to : be the veritable 'Arthur 'O'rtbn after ftll, of course tho Claimant's friends *vill bo jubilant. In Optober,1882,..I was travelling in New' South Wales with one of the Tiohborne family, and from Sydney went up the Paframatta to I see ; William .Orosswell. ' , The loeriery 'of this; river 'was'' unlike anything I have seen' , in Eiirope ' or America. It is one continuation of bays, inlets, and promon tories all dotted over with beautiful villau and 'gardons until you reach G-ladeville, somo few miles f 1 6m the capital. .No. doubt it is bad taste 'on my part,''hu't I prefer it to the Dorwent. .The little town of Parramatta ia, next to Sydney, the bldast in the colony, and U Hhout 14 miles up the river, west of Sydney. Parramatta is well known for its orangeries, ? whioh are said, by people who know nothing about it, to be equal to those of Los Angeles in Southern California. There is a large lunatio asylum at Parramntta under the care ' of Dr. Taylor, who wo found in a state of excitement at having read in tho morning's paper that a commissiouer had been sent to N.S.W. by the friends of ' the unfortunate nobleman languish ing in Dartmoor' to visit the Parramrt » Asylum for the purpose of seeing Cresswell. We 'were courteously received by Dr. Taylor, who took us to see Oresswell, who wo found to be, poor fellow, a gibbering idiot. Ho looked at us vacantly and muttered vague nothings. As we were told that ho had during a luoid . interval recognised one of his sisters, a Miss Oresswell, it is diffioult to understand how ho will be turned into Arthur Orton. I hear that Thomas Cresswell, brother pf the lunatic, has proceeded to Sydney to identify him. Dr. Taylor's asylum is of the: usual, description, and divided into wards for males and females. Everything was admirably clean, and the patients appeared, as far as we could judge, to be treated with every considera tion and kindness. . Bank holiday, sacred to St. Lubbock, who hat more days dedicated to his real worship than any saint in the calendar, proved a boon to millions. Never had wo inoh glorious weather, aridi for a wonder, every one was satisfied., The trams, the steamboatii, 'omnibuses, wagonette's, 'brakes, and oab's wore crammed with pleosaVe- soekers.1 All' th&\- popular result* ?were orowdedto overflowing.; The Health Ex hibition, ? Alexandra Park, the Crystal Palace, North Woolwloh,,, , Gardens, ' Westminster Aquarium, Madame Tussand's, and the)Roshor ville Gardens were! full,, and at night tho theatre-goers had to b'e turned from the doom for want of even standing room. . We have recently had numeroua demonstra tions against the House of Lords, and there* seems, amongst a oertain olas«, to be a very ' . strong feeling against, hereditary legislation. The people believe, or say that they believe, that the , Houso of Peers is oomposed of tho descendants of knaves brought over by William ' the Conqueror, the illesitimatB sons of kings, lortnmongors, and tho eldest sons, of traitors and bastards, with a sprinkling of eminent lawyers and poets, all of whom are instrumen tal in giving us a 'bloated taxation.' Sir. -i Labouohere says the Houbo of Lords is useless, : dangerouB, and ought, to be abolished,' and that our B00 hereditary legislators are haters of . tho nation, arid that the powers they wield are an insult and an' outrage to the nation., Mr. Bright calls the House of Lords the 'spawn of corruption,' and Brndlaugh and Co. indulge ia some very pretty 'and picturesque language desoriptive of our hereditary legislators. : The .long -distance amateur ' swimming championship has been won by, Mr.: G. Bell, who is also the half-mile amateur ohampion. : The long-distance' oburse ia from Putney Bridge to Charing Cross, 'some 5J miles. \ Mr. G.'Bell, : the winner,' ia captain of ' tho Sandringham and Unity olubs, and covered1 the distance inl hour -10 minutes', heating 'W. K. Itter, the holder of the oup, by 59 seconds ;:F. W. Moses; of Grove House,- S.O., and ouptain of the Zephyr S.C., was third;- and/ konly; 46 seconds behind seooad man. There were four other competitors. Mis* Beokwith and others are still winning golden opinions by giving exhibitions in tho art of /natation. The importance of being able to swim , is'Bp obvious that no person should be withont 'a practical knowledge of this ?' art. Last week no less than nine';1 people were drowned in different parts of England, somo. of them under iciroumBtancesin whiph had they, known how to swim thoy might easily have saved . their lives. Swimming promotes health, lessens the chances - , of drowning, gives us the ppwer of paving life, ' and strengthens tbo' body, as well as the mind, by teaching' confidence and giving , courage. I am not :: going''1' to pay ' anything about Lcander ? ; ' and - the : Hellespont, but I strongly I advise' everyone ' to learn to swim. Doliy, in: acquiring .this acoomplishmont may ' cost you yourillfe, and tho man whoreoklossly does so , is a , fool. But; there are degruos ol foolishness iia this, as in every thing else. 'Oe monde est plein de fous; et qui ri'on vout 1 pas voir ','..'' ? '.' ?: ?' '' Dol* Berenfermer Beul et oasser sori'rriirroir.' But then' -you knew all men' are fools, and in spite of every care they differ only in the de ,. groe. There is the young fool,, the middle-aged: fool, and the old fool. Each hob his peculiarity. . The young fool talks. about what he is going to do, the middlo-nged fool about what bo has : done, and the , old' fool about' what he would like to do. ' Alas! the experience of.all mankind may he summed up in a very few words — 'Yes- '?' terday they deemed themselves to have been fools, arid 'to-morrow they will very likely be ? of the Bamo opinion.' ? ' . ,; There have been many unpleasant episodes connected^ . with tho viBit of the American athletes to London. At Liverpool, for instance, Myers and Go. declined to appear because of the heavy rain,'' which they complained might; result in injury to thoir health' and reputation, ' but two days afterwards they competed at Storir-' . bridge,1 where it rained' all' tue ufternoon. Aprqpon of athletics,' the' greatest' running re cord! in the world is that , .of Deerfoot, who ran. ;il, miles :and;970J yards jn, an. hour. .This re- ? cord; howoyer, is believed by, competent judges to have been ,a, swindle, ,nnd it' is confidently asserted that' eouh quarter' of 'a mile wa» BhprtorieU by six yaTds. The beat authenticated 'rec'ordiB;'that bi;Mr.'G. George, who ran' 11 miles 932 -yarda..in one hounon' Monday, 4th.' August. But ai rea^y HBtounding reoord has recently been made in- the trottinpt world. , ? A. meeting was.;, arranged , by... the ; Narrogansotk ,Park ! Assqoiation,i ? near ? Prpyiderice, ' Rhode Island, whore Jay-Eye-See beat Maud S's record of 2m. 'lOjsec/.for one mile; f The pablegrami however^ has riot given any particulars, bnt by the time this reaches Tasmania no doubt the American sporting pnpors will . bo to band' also, and you will have read an acoountiof this alto 'gether phenomenal, trotting. W. H.-Vanderbilfc doesn't like it. Records are always being beaten. \- 'On,!, Wednesday,';; 6th i', !innt;.,; the Ounard ' B.M.S. Pregon.'frori) Now York, arrived off 1 Queenstown harbour at 12 rniriucs past 7- in the morning, completing the'. rdistanbe in the re markably quick time of 6 days 12 hours and 63 ' minutes. This iaaaid to. bethe' quickest puBnage ' ori-recprd; :'?'? .?????:? ;???:??. .-!:?? ? .., , ???' Miss,. -Ellen, Terry is at Deal, and is rapidly ;? recovering, her, health, whioh has suffered very seridqsly .from ; the effeots of , , vaooinatibn. Among' the many on, dits of the theatrical world is one that- Mary Anderson, the beautiful American aotr'ess, is about to join the Carmelite Nuns. .There is a dearth of fashionable news: but ; it 'will interest you to 'know that Lord Petre will shortly tako his seat in the House of Lords, because Lord Petre is the first Roman Catholio priest who has Bat there sinco the Reformation. Gladys ? Lady. Lonsdale is to- marry Mr, Edgar Vincent, but I hear there is «. hitoh somewhere, and that the proposed marriage may riot come off' quite so early as anticipated. Sir Thomas Brassey, of yaohting fame, is grouse shooting at . Attadale, in . Roas-shiro. ; Grouse shooting- ' has commepced in earnest and thousands have made their, way to the moors. Birds are .plen tiful and ttrong on tho wing, and it is expected . that this will prove the best season' for ' many years. George Augustus Sala will take a run ' through the Australian oolonies early next year and will treat you to a series of 'lcoturesi' entitled '.' Life as I have seen it.' : It is really' ? '. very doubtful after all if it will be possible to . rear the infant Duke or Albany. It is -a - very weak and delioate child, and last weekit wa« so dangerously ill that the Queen had V to bo telegraphed for to Olaremont. ! ?! , '? * ' . ? ; Bishopsbourne PtoucniiNa MATCir. — ??? A ploughing match, under the auspices of ' the Bishopsbourne Ploughing Association,. will be hold on October 3rd; on'land kindly ? ? ; : lent for the occasion by Mr. John Blair. ?'' ? Several handsome prizes are offered for the variouB events, of which there arefonr classes. An old .member ofthis association.' ' who_ ?? iscdesirous : tb; encourage; thoforth- ' :, I coming match has kindly offered to give: a ?? ?: i new volume of the history- of -Tasmania to ;.; '-? ithe'wirin'er of the first prize'irithefourth.' .!'? choss. !'ih!« addition .'to: 'those irr.nlready ???'?!?!? :promisedi'J'.'.!,:.'..l ??/!-' v/! h.ijihl ?.n\r -jli Jrvv 