JUDITH SHAKSPEARE HSR LOVE AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Maci.eod op Dare," "Shandon Bells," " In Silk Attire," &c.;, Icq. Chapter II.— Sioniou Crab-apple. There was much ado fa the liouso all that day, in view of the home coming on tho morrow, and it was not till pretty late in the evening that Jndith was free to steal uut for gossip with her friend and chief companion. Prudence Shawo, She bad not far to go-— but a couple of doors off, in fact ; and her coming was observed by Prudence herself, who hap pened to be sitting at the casemented window for the better prosecution of her needle work, there being still a clear glow of twilight in th» sky. A minute or so thereafter the two friends were in Prudence's own chamber, which was on the first floor, and looking out to the back over barns and orchards ; and they had gone to the window, to the bench there, to have their secrets together. This Prudenco Shawe was some two years J udith's junior— though she really played the part of elder sister to her ; she was of a palo complexion, with light straw colored hair ; not vory pretty perhaps, but she had a restful kind of faco that invited friendliness and sympathy, of which she had a largo abundance to givo in return. Her costume was of a Puritanical plainness and primness, both in the fashion of it and in its sovero avoidance of color ; and that was not tho only point on which she formed a marked contrast to this dear cousin and wilful gossip of hers, who had a way of pleasing herself (more especially If sho thought sho might thereby catch lies father's eye) In apparel as in mnBt other things. And on this occasion — at the outset at all events — Jndith would not have a word said about tho assignation of tho morning. The wizard was dismissed from her mind altogether. It was about the home-coming of tho next day that she was all eagerness and oxaltement ; and her ohief prayer and entreaty was that her friend Prudence should go with hor to welcome the travellers homo. " Nay, but you must and shall, dear Prue f sweet mouse, I beg it of you, " sho was urging. "Everyone at New Place le so busy that they "Published by special arrangements with tho anther AU rights reserved fiave fixed upon Signior Orabapple to rido "with mo ; aud you know I cannot suffer him; and I shall not liavo a word of my father all the way back, not a word ; .there will bo aotbiing'but a discourse about fools, aud idlo jests, and wiscmaa Matthew, tho horo of the day — " "Boar Judith, I cannot understand, bow you dislike the old man so," her com panion said, in that smooth voice of hers. "I sco no garden that is better tended jlian yours," . "I would I could lot slip the mastiff at his . unmannerly throat !" was the quick teply — and Indeed for a second she looked as if she would fain have seen that wish fulfilled. '/The VAuity of hira !— tho puffed-up pride of him !— lie thinks thero be none in Warwick- fthxre but himself wise enough to talk to my father ; and the way he dogs his stops if he be walking in the gardon — no one else may havo a word with him— sure my father is sufficiently driven forth by tho preachers and the pB&lm-; flinging within doors, that out of doors, in his own garden, ho might havo some freedom of 6peoon with his own daughter—" "Judith, Judith," her friend said, and she put her hand on her arm, "you have such wilful thoughts, and wild words, too. I am sure your father ib free of speeoh with every ope — gentle and simple, old and young, it matters not who it is that approaches him." 4 " This Signior Crab-apple truly i" tho other exclaimed, in the impotuosity of her scorn. "If his heartbeat big as a crab-apple, I greatly doubt ; but that it is ot like quality I'll bo pworo. And the bitterness of his railing tongue I All women are fools— vools he calls them, rather — first and foremost; and most men are fools ; but of all fools thero bo none like the fool3 of Warwickshire— that is, be cause my worshipful goodman gardener comes all the way from Bewdley. 'Tis meat aud driuk to liim, he says, to discover a fool, though how he should have any difficulty in the discovering, seeing that' wo are all of us fools, passes my understanding. Nay, but I know what sot him after that quarry ; 'twas one day in the garden, and my father was just come home from London and he was talking to my uncle Gilbert, and was laughing at what his friend Benjamin Johnson had said, or had written, I know not which. 1 Of all beasts Iu the world,' says lie, 1 lovo most the serious ns3.J Then up steps goodman Matthew. .'There be plenty of 'em about 'ere, zur,' says he, with n grin on his face like that on a cat when a dog has her by the tall. And my father, who will talk to any one, as you say truly, and About anything, and always with the same attention, must needs begin to chal lenge goodman Crab-apple to declare the greatest fools that ever he had met with ; and from that day to this the ancient sour-face hath bceu on the watch — and it suits well with his opinion of other people and his Opinion of himself as tho only wise man in the world — I say ever Bince he hath been on the tvatch for fools ; and tho greater the fool the greater his wisdom, I reckon, that can find pim out. A purveyor of fools I — a goodly trade 1 I doubt not but that it likes him petter than the tending of apricots when he jbas tho free range of the ale houses to work on. Ho will bring a couple of them into the garden when my father is iu the saminer- bouso. ' 'Ere, zur, please you come out and look 'ere, zur ; 'ere be a brace of rare vools.' And the poor clowns are proud of it ; they Stand and look at each other and laugh. ' Wo be, zur — wo be.' And then my father will lay no, and will talk with them, and cheer them with assurance of their wisdom ; then must they have epiccd bread and ale ere they depart; and this is a triumph for Master Matthew — the withered, shrivelled, dried up, ft&nkered; nutshell that he is 1" "Dear Judith, pray have patience — indeed, 'you are merely jealous." " Jealous 1" she exclaimed, as if her scorn of this ill conditioned old mnu put that well Ant of the question, "You think he has too much of your lather's company, and you like it not ; but consider of it, Judith, he being in the garden, and your father in the summerhouae, and when your father is tired for the moment of bis occupation, whatever that may be, then can he step out and speak to this goodman Matthew, that amuses him with his biting tongue, and with the self- sufficiency of his wisdom — nay, I suspeot your father holds him to be & greater fool than any that he makes bport of, and that ho loves to lead him on." " And why should my father have to be in the summer house but that in doors the wool- spinning is hardly more constant than the leoturing and the singing of psalms and hymns?" "Judith ! Judith !" said her gentle friend, with real trouble on her face, " you grlevo me When yon talk like that— indeed you do, sweetheart ! There is not a morning nor a bight passes that I do not pray the Lord that your heart may bo softened and led to our Ways— nay, far from that, but to the Lord's own ways — and the answer will come ; I have faith ; I know it— aud God send it speedily, lor you are like aa own Bister to me, and my heart yearns over you." Tho other s&t; silent for a second, She could not fail to be touched by the obvious sincerity, the longing kindness of her friend, but s)ie Would not ooufese as much in words, "Ae yet, sweet Prue," said she, lightly, "I suppose I am of the unregenerate, and if it is Wicked to eherish evil thoughts of yonr neigh bor, then am I not of the elect, for I heartily Wish that Tom Quiney and some of the youths would give Matthew Gardener a sound duck ing in a horse pond to tame his arrogance Withal. But no matter. What say you, dear Prue ? Will you go with mo to-morrow, bo that we may have the lad Tookey in charge of us, and Signior Crab-apple be left to his weeding and gruifing and railing at human Kind ? Bo, sweet mouse " "Tho maids are busy now, Judith," Baid she, doubtfully. " But a single day, dear mouse 1" she urged. ' And if we go early we may get as far as Bhipston and await them there. Have you no desire to meet your brother, Prudence — to be- the first of all to welcome him home? Nay, that is because you can have him in your com pany as often ab you wish ; there is no good- tnan-wlseman-fool to come between you." "Bear heart," said Prudence Shawe, with a jnnile, "I know not 'what is the witohery of you, but there is none I wot of that can say you nay." " You will then V said the other, joyfully. "Ah, look now, the long ride home wo shall lave with my father,' and all the nows I shall Lave to tell him I Aud all good news, Prue ; gCarooly a whit or bit that is not good news ; tho roan that ho bought at Evesham is well of her lameness — good ; aud the King's mulberry !b thriving bravely (I wonder that wise man Matthew has not done it a mischief in tho uight time, for the King, being abovo him iu station, must needs havo nothing from him but sour and envious words) : and then tho twenty aores that my father so set his heart upon he is to havo — I hear that tho Combos have said as much, and my father will be right well pleased ; and tho vicar is talking no longer of building tho new piggery orer against the garden — at leait for tho present there is noth ing to be dono : all good nows ; but there is better, as yon know ; for what will he say when he discovers that I have taught Bess Hall to ride the mastiff?" " Pray you have a care, dear Judith," said her friend, with some apprehonsian ou hor face. " 'Tis a dangerous looking beast." " A lamb, a very lamb 1" was tho confident answer. "Well, now, and as wo are ridlug home ho will tell me of all tho things ho has brought from London ; and you know ho has' always something pretty for you, sweet Puritan, though you regard such adornments as snares and pitfalls. Aud this time I hopo it will bo a silver brooch for you, dear mouse, that so you must needs wear it and show it, or he will mark it absonce; and for the others let us guess ; let us see. There may bo some more of that strange fashioned Murana glass for Susan, for as ditlioult as it is to carry ; and sorno silk hangings or the like for my mother, or store or napcry, porchance, which she prizoth more ; and be sure thorcis the newest book of aorinons from Paul's Church-yard for the doctor ; a greyhound, should ho hear of a famous one on the way, for Thomas Combe ; toys for the little Harts, that is certain ; for my aunt Joan — what? — a silver-topped jug, or some perfumes cf musk and civet ? — aud what else— aud for whom else — well," " But what for yourself, dear Judith ?" her friend said, with a eraile, " Will he forgot you ? Has Matthew Gardener driven you out oven from his rcoollcction ? Will ho not have for you a pretty pair of rose shoe strings, or one of the now tassolled French hoods they are speaking of, or something of the kind, that will turn tho heads of all tho lads in Stratford twico further round? You are a temptress surely, sweetheart, ; I half forgot that such vanities should displeaso me when I see tho way you wear them ; and that I think you must take from your father, Judith ; for no matter how plain his apparel is— and it is plain indeed for one that owns the New Place— ho wears it with such an ea;e and with such a grace and simplicity that you would say a prince should wear it even so." " You put me off, Prue," hor friend said, with a sort of good natured impatience. " Why, I was showing you what uicelings and delicates my father was bringing, and what I had thought to say was this : that he may have thiB for one, and that for the othor, and many a one proud to be remembered (as I shall be if he thinks of me), but this that I know he is bringing for little Bess Hall is something worth all these, for it is nothing les3 than the whole love of his heart. Nay, but I swear it ; thcro is not a human creature in tho world to compare with her in his eye3 ; sho is the pearl that he wears in his heart of hearts. If it woro London town she wanted, and he could give it to her, that is what he wonld bring for her." " What ! are you jealous of her too ?" said Prudence, with her placid smile. " By yea and nay, sweet Puritan, if will content you, I declare it is not so," was the quick answer. "Why, Bess is my ally! We are iu league, I tell, you ; we will havo a tusslo with the enemy cro long ; and, by my life, I think I know that that will put goodman Wiseman's nose awry !" At this moment the secret confabulation of these two friends was suddenly and unexpec tedly broken in upon hy a me-isaga from with out. Somothing white came fluttering through the open casement, and foil, not quite into Judith's lap, which was probably its intedded destination, hut down toward her feet. She stooped and picked it up ; it was a lottor, ad dressed to her, aud tied round with a bit of rose red silk ribbon that was neatly formed into a true lover's knot. Cuapter III,— Tub planting op the citaum. The embarrassment tbat eusuod — on her part only, for the pale and gentle face of her friend botrayed not oven bo much as surprise —was due to several causes. Judith could neither read nor write. In her earlier years she had besn a somewhat delicate child, and had consequently been excused from the or dinary tuition, B.ight as that usually was in the case of girls ; but when, later on, she grew into quite firm and robust health, in hor wilfulness and prido and petulance she refused to re-transform herself into a child and sub mit to be taught children's lessons. More over, she had au acute and alert brain; and she had a hundred reasons ready to shew that what was in reality a mere waywardness on her part was the most wise and natural thing in the world ; whilo hor father, who had a habitual and great tolerance for everything and everybody that came within his reach, laughed with her rather than at her, and said she should do very well without book learning so long as those pink roses shouo in hor cheeks. But she had one reason that was not merely an excuse. Most of tho printed matter that reached the house was brought thither by this or that curate, or by this or that famous preacher, who, in going through the country was sure of an eager and respectful welcome at New Place ; and perhapB it was not kindly nor civilly dono of them — though it may have been regarded as a matter of conscience — that they should carry thither aud read aloud, amongst other things, tho fierce denun ciations of stage playu and stage players which were common in the polomioal aud puritanical literature of the day. Right or wrong, Judith resented this with a vehement indignation; and she put a ban on all books, judging by what she had heard road out of some ; nay, ono day she hud come into the house aud found her elder sister, who was not then married, greatly distressed, and even in tho bitterness of tears ; and when sho discovered that tho cauBe of this was a pamphlet that had beon given ' to Susanna, in which not only were the heinous wickednesses of plays and plajers denounced, but also her own father named by his proper namo, Judith, with hot cheeks and (lashing oyos, snatched tho pamphlet from her sister's hand and forthwith sent it living through tho open window into the mud without, notwithstanding that books and pamphlets were scarco and valuable tilings, and that this one had been lent And when alio disoovored that this piece of writing had been brought to the house by tho pious and learned Waiter Blaise— a youthful divine ho was who had a small living some few miles from Stratford, .but who iivod in tho town, and was one of the most eager and disputatious of tho Puritanical preachers there— it in no way mitigated her wrath that this worthy Master Blaise was regarded hy many, aud even openly spoken of, as a suitor for hor own hand. " God mend mo," said she, in her anger (and greatly to the distress of the mild spoken Pru dence), " bnt 'tis a strange way of paying court to a young woman to bring into tho house abuse of her own father 1 Sir Parson may go hang for mo I" And for many a day sho would have nobbing to say to him; and steeled and hardened hor hoart not only against him, but against the doctrines and ways ot con duct that ho so zealously advocated ; and she would not come in to evening prayers when ho happened to bo present; aud wild horses would not havo dragged hor to tho parish church on tho Sunday afternoon that it was his turn to delivor the fortnightly lecture there.. How- over, those things abated iu time. Master Walter Blaise was a civil spoken and an earnest aud sincere young man, and Pru dence Shawe was the gentle intermediary. Judith suffered his presonoe, and that was all as yet; but Bho would not lock the way of printed books. And when Prudence tried to entico her into a study of the mere rudiments of reading and writing, she would refuse peremptorily, aud say, with a laugh, that, could she read, the firat thing sho should read would bo plays, which, as sweat cousin Prue was aware, were full of tribulation and anguish, and fit only for the foolish Galatians of the world, tho ehildrcn of darkness and tho doviL But this obstinacy did not prevent hor overcoming her dear cousin Prue's scruples, ' and getting her to read aloud to her in tho ; privacy of their secret haunts this or tiie other ; fragment of a play, when that sho had j adroitly purloined a manuscript from tho sum- \ mer house in New Place ; and in this surrepti- . tious manner she had acquired a knowledge of what was going on at tho Globe and the Blackfriars theatres in London, which, had they but guessed of it, would have considerably astounded her mother, her sister, and good Parson Blaise as woll. In more delicate matters still Prudence was ; her confidante, her intermediary and ninanu- i ensis ; and ordinarily this caused hor no em barrassment, for she wished for no secrets with any of human kind. But in one direction sho had formed certain suspicions ; and so it was that on this ocoasion, when sho stooped down and picked up the lettor that had been so deftly thrown in at the casement, hor face Bushed somewhat. " I know from whom it comes," Baid she, and she seemed inclined to put ft into the little wallet of blue satin that hung at hor side. Then slie glanced at Prudonco's eyes. There was nothing there in tho least approach- . ing displeasure or pique, only a quiet amuse ment. " It was cleverly done," said Prudence, and she raised her head cautiously and peeped through one of the small panes of pale green glass. But tho twilight had sunk into dusk, aud any one outside could easily have rnado his escape unperceived through tho labyrinth of barns and onthousos. Judith glanced at tho handwriting again, and said, with an affectation of carelessness — "Thero be those who have plenty of time, surely, for showing the wonder of their skilL Look at the twisting and turning and lattice work of it— trul' ho is a most notable clerk ; I would he spent thedaylightto better purpose. Road it for me, sweet Prue." She would have handed tho letter — with much studied indifference of look and xnannor — to her friend, but that Prudence gently re- fnsod it. " 'Tis you must undo tho Btriag ; you know not what may bo inside." So Judith herself oponed the letter, which contained merely a sprig of rosemary, along with some Hues written in a most ornate o;Jigraphy. a What does he say ?" she asked, but with out any apparent interest, as she gave tho open letter to ber companion. Prudonce took the letter and read aloud. " Rosemary Is for remembrance Between us day aud nitf lit ; , Wishing that I might always have You present la my sight. Tins from your true and well wisher and ono that would be your loving servant unto death. T.Q." "Tlie idle bay!" sho said, and again she directed a quick and penetrating look of inquiry to ber friend's face. But Prudence was merely regarding the elaborate hand writing. Thcro was no trace of woundod pride or anything of the kind in her eyes. Nay, she looked up and euid, with a smile, "For one that can wroetlo so well, and play at football, aud throw tho sledge as they say ho can, ho is master of a ruost delicato hand writing." "But tho rosemary, Pruo," Judith ex claimed, suddenly, and sho groped about at hor feet until she had fouud it, "Wliy, now, look there, was ever anything so for- tunato ? Truly I had forgotten all about rosemary, and my reverend wizard, and the charm that is to be buried to-night ; and you know not a wurd of tho story. Shall I tell you, sweet mouso? Is there timo before the moou appears over the roof of tho church ? — for there I am summoned to fearful deeds. Why, Prue, you look as frightened as if a ghost had corns into the room — you yourself aro liko a ghost now in tho dusk— or is it tho coming moonlight that is making you so pnlo?" " I had thought that bottor counaols would havo provailud with you, Judith," sho said, anxiously. " I knew not you had gono to sco the man, and I reproach mvBolf that I havo been nungent in tho matter." "A mouth pioco only, sweet Pruo ! — a moro harmless, innocent whistle that had nothing to do with tho tune, And tho bimineis was not so dreadful either ; there was no caldron, nor playing with anakos and newts, no, nor whining for money, which I expeoted mast ; hut a most civil and courteous wizard, a most town bred wizard as. ever tho sua sot oyo on, that eallod mo 'graoious lady' ovory other moment, and would not take a penny for his pains. Marry, if all tho .powers of evil bo as woll behaved, I ahull havo less fear of thorn ; for a moro oivil spoken gen tleman I have never encountered ; and .'sweet lady' it was, and 'gracious lady,' and a voles like tho voico of my lord bishop ; and the assurance that tho planets and tlie bUth wore holding ma in their kindest protec- tion f and a promiso of a ghost husband that is to appear that I may judge whether X liko him or liko him not ; nnd all this and moro — and ho would kiss my hand, and so farowell, nnd tho reverend magioinn makes las obeis ance and vanishes, nnd I nm not a penny tho pooror, but only tho riolior because of my charm 1 There, I will show it to you, dear mouse." After a little search sho found tlie tiny documont ; aud Prudence Siiawu glanced over it. "Judith I Judith 1" said sho, almost in de spair, "I know not whither your wilfulness will carry yon. But tell mo what happened. How came you by this pnpor ? And what ghost husband do you speak of ?" Then Judith related, with much oirenmsian- tinlity, what had occurred that morning ; not toning it down iu tlie least, but rather exag gerating hero and there ; for she was merry hearted, and she likad to sao the sweet Puritan face grow more and mora concerned. Morovcr, tlie dull gray light outside, instoad of deeponing into dark, appeared to be bocoming a trillo clearer, so that doubtless the moon was declar ing itsolf somewhere ; and sho was looking forward, when the time came, to securing Prudeaco's company as far as tlie churchyard if hor powers of xiorsuasion wcro equal to that, " But you will not go — surely you will uot go, darliug Judith," said Prudence, in accents of quito pathetic entreaty. " You know the sin of dealing with such ungodly practices — nay, nnd the danger too, for yon would of your own freo will go and sock a meeting with unholy things, wheroas I havo been told tlint not so long ago thoy used iu places to carry a pan of frankincense round tho house each night to keep away witchcraft from them ns they slept; I beseech you, dearest Judith, give me tho paper, and I will burn it 1" " Nay, nay, it is but an idle tale, a je3t ; I trust it not," said her friend to reassure her. " Be not afraid, sweet Pruo. Those peqplo who go about ' compelling the planets and summoning spirits and the like have lesser power than the village folk imagine, else would their own affairs thrive better than they seem to do." " Then give ms the paper ; let me bnrn it, Judith !" "Nay, nay, mouse," said she, withholding it; and then she added, with a sort of grave merriment or mischief in her faco : " Whether the tiling bo aught or naught, sure I oaunot treat so ill my courteous wizard ? He was no gooseherd, f tell you, but a most proper and learned man ; and he must hare the chance of working tho wonders he foretold. Come now, think of it witli reason, dear Prue. If thero be no power in the charm, if I go to Shottery for my morning walk and find no one in the lano, who is harmed ? Why, no one ; and Grandfnothcr Hathaway is ploasod and will show me how lier garden is growing. Tlion, on the other hand, should tho charm work, should there be some ono thero, what ovil if I regard him as I pass from tho othor sido of the way ? Is it such n wonder that one should meet a Btranger on the Bidford- road? And what moro ? Man or ghost, lie cannot make me marry him if I will not. He cannot mnko mo speak to him if I will not. And if ho would put a baud on me, I reckon Roderigo would speedily havo him by the throat, as I hope he may some day have goodman Mat thew." "But, Judith, such tilings are unlawful and forbidden — " "To you, sweet saint — to you," said the othor, with much good humor. " But I havo not learned to put asidu childish tilings as yot ; and this is is only a jest, good Pruo ; and you. that are so' faithful to your word, even in the smallest trifle, would not have me break my promise to my gentle wizard. ' Gracious lady,' ho says, and 'sweet lady,' as if I were a dame of tho court ; it Were unman- norly of me not to grant him this small demand " I wish I liad miiroad tho letter," said Pro- donoe, so occupied with lier own fears tbat she scarcely knew what to da. " What !". exclaimed her friend, in tones of raillery; " you would have deceived mo? Is this your honesty, your Bingieuess of heart, | sweet Puritan? You would have sent me ou | some fool's errand, would you ?" I " And if it were to be known you liad gone out to meet this conjuror, Judith, what I would your mother and sister say? — and your father?" i " My mother and sister— bum !" was tlio demure reply. "If be had but ooino in tho garb of a preacher, witli a Bible under one . arm and a prayer book under the other, I doubt not that lie would have been wel come enough at New Place — ay, and every thing in the house not before him, anil n Flaniiorsjug full of Quiney'e best clarot withal to cheer the good man. But when you speak of my father, dear Prue, there you aro wide of tho mark — wide, wide of tho mark; for the wizard is just such an one as he wbuld bo anxious to know nnd see for bimaolf. In deed, if my mother and Susan would have tho house filled with preachers, my father would rather seek Ilia company from any strange kind of vagrant cattlo you could fiud on the road — ballad singers, strolling players, pedlars nnd the like ; and you should see him when some ancient harper in his coat of green comes near the town — nay, tlie constable shall not interfere with him, licence or no liceiieo — my father must needs entertain him in tho gardon; nnd ho will sit and talk to the old man ; and the best in the bouse must be brought out for , him ; aud whether ho try his palsied fingors on tlio stringH, or perchance attempt a versa of ; ' Pastimo with good company,' with his | quavering old voice— that is according to liis own good will aud pleasuro ; nothing is du- ' mandod of him, but that ho have good cheer, ami plenty of it, and go on ilia way ! the merrier, witli a groat or two in I his pouob. Nay, I mind me, wiicu Susnn was I remonstrating with my father about such j tilings, and bidding him have some regard for ; tlie family name — " What ?" says lie, laugli- | ing ; " set you up, Madam Pride ! Know yiln not, then, whence comes our namo ? And yet 'tis plain enough. Shacks, theso are but vagrant, idlo, useless fellows ; and then wo coino to pcre, that is, an equal and com panion. Thero you havo it completo — Slinokn- pcre, the companion of BtroUers and vagabonds, of worthless aud idlo fellows. What say you, Madamo Pride ?" And, indeed, poor Susan was soroly displeased, insomuch that I said, " But tlio spenr in tho coat of arms, father — how came wo hy tliat ?" " Why, thero, now," says he, " you seo haw regardless tho heralds ore of tho King's Knglish. I warrant ma thoy would give a ship to Ships ton and a lien to Enstono." Indcod, lio will jest you ont of anything. When yonr .brother would have left tho town council, Prtio — " But here she seemed middonly to recollect horsolf. Sho rose quickly, thrust open tlia casomont Rtill wider, and put out lier head to discover whereabouts the raoon was ; and when she withdraw her head again thcro was mischief and a spice of excitement in her faco. 