Optical Illusions,, When the eje is deceived and a person misled by things seeming to be what they are not, it is spoken of as an "optical illusion." The familiar expression thai " seeing is believing " implies that most people trust to their eyes more than to their own senses. " I have seen it with my own eyes " is looked upon as an indisputable, a convincing argument, although there are a few doubting Thomases who would add the testimony of the sense of feel ing to that of sight before admitting that a thing is actually so. The facts in the ease are that any one of our senses may mislead us, and will do so un less we 'unite caution with experience. As sophists nse logic to prove the false true, so the ventriloquist by the exercise of his art deceives the ear, and the sleight-of-hand per former cheats your eyes. How is this pos sible ? Certain rays of light coming from a distant body enter the eye, and produce certain sen sations upon the retina, which sensations are reported to the brain through the optic nerve. The brain interprets the signals by the aid of past experience, and v/e think we have seen the distant object. In fact-, we have only re ceived a message from it. If the telegraphic operator in Washington strikes his key twice, the New York operator writes -down O, but if he strikes it three times the latter writes down S, unless he fails to hear the third tick, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led into the mistake of writing O where he should vfxite S. The signals, when correctly given, may be interpreted correctly or incorrectly. So the signals correctly registered on the retina aud reported to the brain may be in correctly translated and interpreted, thus ■resulting in aa error, an illusion. Place a man and a dog side by side at a distance of 20 feet, and any person with an eye capable of distinguishing them will be able to tell which is .on the right, which on the left. The eye is not easily deceived as to position at right angles to the line of vision. Let the man advance five feet; it is easy to tell that the dog is farther away than the man. Next, place the man at & distance of 100 feet, the dog at 105 feet; it is not so easily decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eye. But at 500 and 600 feet, respectively, it is less easy, although we can still tell which is to the right and which to the left. The images formed on the retina by the same object at different dis tances are very similar, differing only in size and distinctness. For this reason it is difficult to judge of distances, requiring much practice. A person standing on a straight strip of railroad is rarely able to tell whether a distant train is approaching, or receding, or at rest, so slight is the change in apparent size from which the distance is to be esti mated. Upon the sea it is very difficult, without long practice, to judge of distances. As a curious instance of inability to judge of distances, and hence of the direction of horizontal motion, may be mentioned that of the governor of a steam engine. At a certain distance (say 50 feet) the eye will seem to see the balls turning in a certain direction, but on next looking at them this motion seems to have changed to the reverse, and after several alternations the mind be comes perplexed, and finally is able to see them turning either way. An outline drawing of a cube may be made to look like the interior or exterior at will at a considerable distance: the real cube can be made to do the same. Shading, perspective, &e.;, are resorted to by the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction deception is not so easy as in distance. Our experience tells us that if a person hits us in the back with a ball he is probably behind, not in front of us. The object seen lies in the same direction as that from which the light comes when it enters the eye. If by any means the direc tion of the ray has been changed between the time when it left the object and the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, and deception results. When this change is effected by the reflection it is attended with more or less loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads me one to suspect a reflecting surface. If the mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be misled. The well- known " ghost" is due to the reflection of a strongly lighted figure irom a plate of unsilvered glass. Many of the best tricks, with floating heads and the like, are arranged with mirrors. No illusions are more perfect than those produced with mirrors. Refraction always changes the apparent place of an object, so that we seem to see the sun after it has gone below the horizon. A more striking but less frequent phenomenon of refraction is that known as mirage. Be? fraction also affects the color of an object. The media through which light passes has. more or less effect upon the ray- In a fog objects are dimly seen, the effect resembling that due to distance, hence objects look larger, for the eye judges of the size of an object by multiplying the size of the image or impression received by the square of the dis tance, while the latter is estimated from the indistinctness o£ the object. In the fog the apparent distance is increased, but the eye interprets it as due to the opposite cause. On looking at the photograph of a tree, a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not possible to form a correct idea of its size un less a man or animal is seen in the same view with "which to compare it. In nature, especially on land, the intervening objects that lead up to it give the data on which to calculate the distance. Where none inter vene, as in looking from peak to peak, the] eye must depend on distinctness, and where, the air is very clear and transparent, as in Colorado, distances seem less than they are. If the object is seen through transparent, but colored, media, the form remains true, but the colors are changed. On looking directly at the loop or curve of an incandescent lamp it is frequently difficult to distinguish its form, the whole loop being radiant and dazzling, while its reflection is so much less brilliant that the form of the car bon is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks much larger when red hot than when cold for the same reason, and a fire at night seems nearer, owing to its bright ness, than in the day. No better proof is needed of the fact that the eye does not and cannot measure dis tance, but only gives more or less imperfect data from which the mind calculates the dis tance, than the child's efforts to grasp the moon, and of the dog that bays at that dis tant luminary which looks so near; nor can any of us, with our naked eye, estimate the relative distances of the sun and stars. The shape and color of an object are all that the eye alone can report with tolerable accuracy, but by experience we learn to dis tinguish the texture of substance, the nature of services, and many other things that belong more properly to the secse of touch. We distinguish satin from velvet and wool' from cotton at a glance. The painter's art largely consists in deceiving the eye; in so mixing and blending his pigments that they produce the same impression as stone and wood, or earth and trees, or flesh and blood would do, and the greater his skill, the more perfect the deception. The imitation is rarely so perfect ae to deceive the experienced, and yet the pleasure derived from the imitation exceeds | that given by the reality, just as misery and and suffering, when well (depicted on the stage, give pleasure, but the sight of the reality gives pain. In many things the mind enjoys being de ceived, and optical illusions give as pleasure, so much eo that those who are capable of completely deceiving this the aeutest of oar senses get well paid for exercising their talents. H. 