AOTA POPULL Bs she Fhanettb, Laird pity ino, I've tried to big On politics' rough vale and rig, A fence on which to skolp and jig, And keep my balance, But now they seek my name to prig These crouchie callaiis. [ Laird pity now, my waef u' plight, .And' teach aao which is left and right, For thoiigh I'ut aye n, pauky skyte To hold the middle, I ken I'm anything but wight, For aught but driddlo. Foe ways that are dark and mysterious, tho average Australian politician completely lays over any other animal that was ever raised since the present world first took down its shutters and opened shop. The way of a bird through the air filled King Solomon with astonishment j but had he lived in these days the ways of som6 of our public men would strike him as dumb as a graven image. So fearfully sinuous are they that even the parties who have pegged them out f re- quentlygefc ' bushed' along fche tracks themselves* and have to ' cooey' 'aloud for assistance. Try ing to rope ono of our native-born legislators is very liko bobbing for eels with a bent pin and a piece of fried bread. Just aa you gefc a fair bite from your eel, and have carefully hauled in your line, you hear a sneeze about half a mile further down the lagoon ; and there, sure enough, is his oelship sitting upon a log, and fanning him self with your sinker. Evon when you do land him on the bank, you oan't be sure you have him fixed for certain. He is as playful a? a kifcfcon, and as painfully active as a green apple' in the stomach of a little Bix-year old Sunday-scholar. Ho wriggles round worso than chain-lightning ; ho points to every side of the oompass at the same time, he twiBts himself in quick succession into S's, C's, Q)'b, and figure of 8's., and then he swallows himself, and afterwards spit3 himself back on the grass as f reBh as ever. Then he fcurno a flip-flap be tween your logs, shoots up the logs oi yourpanfcs like a Roman candle, wriggles round your neck, falls down your back, covers all your good olothos with, slime, tangles your line into an improved edition of the Gordian Knot, and finally slips back in the creek, and loaves you alone on the bank, a sadder and dirtier, if not a wiser man. What I have now said of the bold fisherman and the eel ap plies also in every way to the colonial legislator and the man who attempts bo seouro him in order to fill hia owe political baskets. Why I feel politically stricken to-day in by reason of that mysterious little opisodo in tho political life of Mr. L. F. Heydon, which took place on fche night of last Tuesday week. As a colt, Mr. Heydon gave great promise of becoming one of fche first flyero in fcho field. He possessed fche throo B's which every racing man desires to coo, viz., blood., bone, and beauty, and ifc was evi dent after his first gallop that his bellows was also oound, and ho would turn out to bo a stayer. And Mr. Hoydon haa by no moans upended tho whole of tho good opinions first formed about him. He has been a vigilant and hardworking member, and in nothing did he appear to more advantage than in the valuable aosistance ho rendered tho Stuart Ministry, in helping them through the terrible ordeal of their Land Bill troubles. There is no denying the racf; that up !;o tho night in question, Mr. Heydon v;ao a sturdy lieutenant to Alexander, or to put ifc big, an Aohilles in the camp of the Stuart party. And now., like the eocentrie son of Poleua (soo how nicely fche simile fits) he has suddenly taken the sulks and retired to his fcenfc in high dudgeon. In one respocfc, however, fchore is this consider able difference between the two heroos. Achilles had good reason for his little ' turn-up ' with Mr. Premier Agamemnon, booauoo fche latter robbed him of hia awoofcheart, the fair Briseis, but I am sure the worcfc onomy Mr. Stuart has wonld never accuse him ol acting so unmanly. This is where the suppurating part of our present trouble comes in ; no ono can thoroughly oatisfy himseli' as to fche exact eauae of! Mr. Hoydon's secession. Even tho reason given by the hon. member for Yaas hiomellc fails to juotify the act, because, mark yon, ifc io one thing to make an assertion, but quite s different matter altogether to prove it to the Bafcisfaotion ox fche public. I\ro j one for a moment refuoos to take Mr. Heydon'c j word, of course, for what ifc is worth, bnfc t7hen 1 he declares that ' the turn the Land Bill had taken during fche last fortnight was such aa to justify his outting fche painter from the Ministerial ship, nine out of every ten men in our midst are only too happy to most emphatically disagroo with his statement. Some say this is a matter between Mr. Heydon and his own oonsoience, and others that it is one merely between him and his constituents. Ifc was but the week before that Mr. Heydon was deservedly congratulated upon his efforts to amend fcho conversion of pre- leaoes clause. Surely he is not already dissatisfied with this work of his own hands ? His announcement that after eight months of worship he had suddenly found the ministry to be idols made of day struck the House like a thunderclap, and a great silence, like unto that which follows a request for the ! loan of 5s till next Saturday, came upon all who heard the declaration. Mr. Dibbs had to jab a pin in his lee to ascertain whether he was wide awivkfl: or draaminff ? Mi*. Farnoll cried out JEt tu, Heydon ! and then fell away to the refreshment room ; every word fell on Minister Trickofcfc'a ear, aa falls fche first earth oloda on a paupor's coffin lid ; and Mr. Stuart, in a half-dazed Gorfc of way, was heard to mutter — ' Well, by fcho ghost of Eob Roy Macgrogor's bald-headed msidon aunt, you can'fc always somotimes most generally toll whether a man is your bosom i'riond or your sworn foe when ifc comes to a question of voting for this dodgastod Land Bill.' Touching that unluckily-timed telegram which enabled Mr. Abbofcfc to belfc Mr. Heydoa clean over I fcho ropes, ifc is quite in keeping with the rest of the business, inasmuch as it is painfully peculiar There is a. tale told of a heathen Chinee who was initiated into' the mysteries of euohre ?! by a Caucasian friend, and coon became i so export that the whole of tho lafiter's weekly earnings used to carefully find its w»y into the pockets of fcho cysber-bag pants of the slant-eyed Colestial. One day, however, the ©aucaBian put up an unusually heavy stake, for he held four kings ; but to his intense astonish - menfc, the heathen scooped tho pool by planking , down five aces. Some demur being made to the ? holding of such an extraordinary hand, John blandly admitted the strangeness of the occur rence, but explained that ' long time ago China man, welleo glate man, Chuang Tzu Lin, him plofisy this thing only happen one day evly foJ thousan' year/' And then, as fcho simple minded child of the sun raked in the coin, ho further obeerved, ' This 'pears t' be th1 day that it was to happen.' So it is with the strange coincidence of Mr. Heydon'a sudden secession ' from the ranks of the Stuarfc Government sup porters, and the arrival of a telegram on tho same day from fcho Free Selectors' Associa tion of his district, requesting him to take that most unoxpeofced step. Ifc id one of those 'mysterious things which only happen onco every ' f o fchousan' years, an* this 'poars t' bo th' day that ifc was to happen.' More un likely things havo happened, and ao Mr. Abbott's charges remain 'unproven.' Q-od made tho country, and man mado tho town — ono whiff from our sewage would con vinoo even & (ailor's dummy of tho truth of the latter pwfc of that romark — but one greafc advan tage of living in town lie» in fche fact that it makes a man onjoy a trip fco fcho country all the more. If it was possible for us all here to apond two months out of the twelve in fche country, eioknoss would be, comparatively speaking, un known, and tho doctor's occupation gone. Fortunately for fche ' faculty/' however, it io not possible to uo all, but, never- '; fcheloos, if; is to oome, and amongst the pick of all city oxcuroiona is one which ofcoamo away ovary year in Joannerefct'o boss boafcn to a place : vhioh rejoices in &he; classic-sounding name of Bruigaroe ITorah, and ??^b.ich lies close to th0 Tuggorsh Lakas — yloi?,9p,nfc lifcMe ponds whoso history io cloaoly connected wifch tho iiBh which choore our otherwlao diornal Friday breakfasts. This annual picnic is one which might with greafc proGfc bo copied by many others, and this is why I refer to it — in my medical capacity — to- ? day. The party has just refcurnod, and each member thereof looks as if ho had been put through a mill which ground him 20 years younger than he wao when ho sfcartod. Tho command of the expedition wa3 given to the genial 8-eorge Saafcway of King-street, who, as a judge of fish, io a aecond Jonah, bo to opoak, and who can do as much execution among tho finny denizens ok the d-iap with a hook and line as Samson usgrl to do with the jaw-bone of an ass among the Philistines. As first attendant on fcho King of the company, Mr. Charles Oowlo3 (fcho big- hearted and well-known gunsmith of Qeorge sfcroefc) held the poet of Soyal Armourer, being a sort of fishy Yulocn ; William Trioko&b; (brother of the ex- ohampion) hold the post of Royal Archer, and waged v/ar against the whole marsu pial race ; a jovial banker — Pyesidont of the Water Strangers' Association — acted as Royal Admiral of the Floor, and was extremely punctual in piping all hands to prayers (and potheen) ; and the rest of fche ever; consisted of a crowd of lucky dogs who were able to spare a fortnight and lay in a stock of (3-od's glorious oxygen 8uffio cient to laifc thorn, at least, until after Christmas. As the steamer was about to afcarfc, a fcoarful-eyed maid cornered ono of the crew in a secluded spofc juefc abaft fche mainfcops'l poop jib boom, and said, ' You'll promise mo, darling, that' — ' Yos yes, of course I will,'3 replied fche pienickor some what impatiently, ' I know what you're going to say, and I'll promise you I'll not expose my lifo recklessly on sea or on ahoro, and' — ' That's not what I moanfcj''' sobbed fche Borrowing maid ? ' but oh, do promise me, dear, that you'll not stop . at home with fche Boyal Admiral to,. mind the fcenfc, because you know what a weaka ness be has for taking fche oath with sugar/' Fishing and shooting by day, and poker, nap, euchre, and trying who could tell tho truest fcalos by night round fche camp fire, mado the hours slip along with winged feefc, and then, in fcho : mornings, several o£ fcho best-natured of fche crowd aofced as cook's assistants, and handed round copiouo bowla of milk drawn from a cow which had been specially fed on well-preparod molauaes, in order to give fche fluid tho semblance of a dark creamy bottom. Another of the party proved to be a veritable aboriginal Soyor, and his snakos au, nalnrel, poached ant-eggs, and grubs on tho half shell wore pronounced by the company to be food fit for tho gods — at a distance. He, how over, thoroughly enjoyed hio blackfellow's foast, and returned to Sydney with enough Australian repfciloo, inseefco, &c.;, stowed behind his vest-Haps to stock a whole museum. Trips liko these are easily worked up at a very trifling cost when a few good sorts liko Hastway, OowIob, and Co. boss tho ciunp ; and as I before remarked, fcwo auch excursions a year will drive all our modical. , friends afcraighfc into fche Insolvoncy Court, and ', cause all our ohomisfcs to poison themselves with' their own toothsome mixtures. Apropos o£ the country, I notice that our long oared, bob-tailed friend, the frisky lifcfcle rabbit, is bocoming no scarcer very fast, and, as a natural result, ho is causing no small amount of anxiety and alarm. From BfcafcisfcioB recently published across fcho border, I find that our Viotorian friends aro in the proud position of having dur ing fche past fcwo years oapfcured no less than 157,065 dozen rabbit skins to ' wrap thoir baby buntinga in/' as fche poefca say ; and in order to scoop this total, a distribution of only 60,000 lbs of poison haa been made during the above period . At this rafco each rabbit would roquire to oat uboufc three- quarters of an ounce of poison, before ho turned up hia toes to fche aBU.ro ' akv, and porsons familiar with poison '? will a'6 .once confess that any rabbit who would, ask for more- than' this allowance must bo a real glutton. Those 157,065 dozen skins cost exactly £15,531 10s, and now ifc is that I can tho roughly understand that ono might 'as well hit a juuatlor a wolb over fche nose with a dead cat as ask him how he's off for rabbits, oi iovite him into Gtiblin's oafe and ask him to diacuBS a hot Wehh one with you. Ifc ii a somewhat remark able faofc that fche smallest animals reproduce ' thoir own specioa to a far groator ozfconfc than the largest ones. The elephant seldom or never has twina, but tho mosquito's family is aa largo as that of a Mormon elder. Then again, lopk afc flies. Forty years ago there wasn't a single fly all along the Darling. Now, however, the last oensuB shows that thove arc exactly 75 millions of billionB in Bourke alone, exclusive of anoient chieffcainQ, gins, and piocaninies. In our own colony wo wipe oufc aomothing like 333j000 bunnies ovory yoaiv, bub for every one we kill a ccorc or two troop along to attend tho funeral. One couple of rabbits will raise a poor bub respectable family equal fco 23 youngoters, bi-woekly. Those in their turn will introduce 4,713 others into this world of sorrow, Bin, and Bwoat, and thoso on their pert will oupplomcnt the four-legged population by tho addition oi about 17,416 long-acred loafers once every month until further notice. Tho only reliable V7ay to make thoroughly cure that a rabbit in v/oll and truly dead is to ohoot, skin, stuff, bako, and eat him ; for when a citizen's fceefch are sound, ' bunny' Boldom survives this operation. The only joke about this business is that of enforcing a tax for rabbit destruction on squatters ^7ho^o land is as bare of tho pesl; ao a Government clerk's pocket is of cash a v/ook before pay-day ; and I fully agree with my friend Wuttagoona Matthews that the man who first introduced rabbits as colonists ought to be made swallow an old man buck alive, and then an infuriated army of squatters ought to grab hold of that rabbit's hind legs and drag him back once more to daylight. 