1Rov)cUst. DAN LYONS' DOOM. . By WAIF WANDER. CHAPTER HI— (CouiimmD.) But there was 'that in the woman's face, and especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that was a warning to a closer observer. It was ft hard face, a cruel lace, an obstinate face, ? an utterly untrustworthy - faoe.. If ever ignorance and prejudice, and' a total want of moral: consciousness were stamped npon features they were stamped in the coun tenance of Mrs. Brady.' Each of the three ohildren that seated themselves at the table round her on the occasion of which I write had some resemblance to the mother; but the unscrupulous onnning of Cornelius, the ani mal vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable passions that gleamed in the eyes of Father James were all doubled and intensified in the old woman's face. As the man we call Father James seated himself opposite to where she stood she leaned on both hands as she rested them on the table and bent over it toward his bowed face, aa she muttered angrily between her set teeth; ' Bo it's on you again ? Oh, blood of the clever Bradys, of Clogher, turned to water, the night is comin' on an' it's freeziri' ye are 1 ' The bitter scorn of the tones was felt keenly by the man to whom they were addressed, and a glance was flashed from his. awful eyes into the woman's that was terrible to meet. 'By ? ' he cried, if you weren't my mother von would haunt me too, for I'd kill you I And as it is you'd better be warned, for you may go too far Bome day; and my life is of little worth. She Btarted back as his olenohed fist was struck bo, violently on the table that the dishes were disturbed, but at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed harshly. ; ' One can't say a word to you at all, James, ' ' these times,' she said ; can't you take a joke from your mother ?' \- , ' Jokel' he repeated, as he stood up and dashed his chair back from the table. ' Am I a ohild again that you think to twist me round your finger! Jokel who in their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the hangman's rope round their necks ? ' and he slammed the door of an adjoining \- . room behind him, leaving hiB supper un touched on the table. ? ? ? , Mrs. Brady's face grew white as ohalk, and Bhe fell into a ohair, staring at CorneliUB with her terrified dark eyes. ''What has come over him at all, Oonn,' she cried ; ' he's not the same man since we come here. : Oh, my God, do you think he'll go back on ns after all ? ' and Bhe rooked her Mil tn And frn rlptmtiirin [tIt. ' To tell yon the truth, mother, I'm getting afraid,' replied Cornelius, as he attacked his food with an appetite. _ ' I hope that the \- black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and ~ repentance in hiB head.' . . 'If I thought bo I'd tear it off his baok I A son of mine turn white livered ? A .man 1 with my blood in him turn baok from the re venge I swore, him. to on the croBS ? If I thought so, I'm his mother, and I'd knife him with my own hands.' She looked as if she would. She seemed quite capable. of an? deed as she rose and shook her' right hand out clenched against the air around, her. As her long fingers gripped each other, then so they would doubt lesB. have gripped. an enemy's throat had.it been within reach when the hot blood waB boiling in her veins — the same Hood, as she had truly said, that had : made Father , James ft haunted man. . \- And Nora ate. hir food hastily, and scarcely .hearing a word that was passing round her ; Sot she was need to her mother's temper, lihangh she Was not in her seorets, and never vtroubled' her. head ka to what aroused it. At 'the present she; WaB too muoh occupied about ;the admirer her brother had Riven her in ' his idle chaff, and calculating the effect ot a dress -she intended to don on. the morrow with -the osoIehojM 'of exhibiting henelf in itto the un conscious Irishman., -v Aa7for'Mrs..Bridy, .she had forgotten the . (ireaence of her youngest until it was recalled , to. hejby s motion of Cornelius as he spoke in ft low voice. ' You forget, mother, that somebody is here.',, 'Oh Nors? She never hears anything that doeo'nt concern her own self, or Bees any thing God help her, but herown handsome , lane in the glatat Nora I Nora, I say I ' , .' What ?' returned Nora, with a Btart on ber retu'rn from the realms ol fancy. ' What wor you. thinking of ?' Tady Connor,' promptly replied the girl; fend OorneliuB roso bom the'table with a loud laugh, that made the angry blood rush into his sitter's faoe. CHAPTER IV. - TUB roBTCTBrXMiEB 0? MOBST BOBAN. The hut is high hp on ft spur of Great Mount . Boban in a sheltered spot nearly hidden by . trees and big brown rooks, half covered with ' green mosa and grey lichen ; it»jfas built of . heavy timber slabB, . and coveretQtfsheets .of ?box Dark, both of whioh showftiisifciipeather wom hue of many years., T?'-' ' -: .Fromthairont of this - hut on the side of . themount one ot the grandest views around . Marranga was discemable,- and it it had been built for the purpofc ol espionage, no situ ation could have been better chosen. Tho township lay under the eye like a green map, dotted with little white oubea that represented dwellings, and right across the long lino of. the gleaming creek, past St. Herncks, and up the elope where the lone cemetery lay, not a human beinfl could move without being traced from Nan Griffith's hut. The very gully where lay the long-deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home ; and as far as the eye could reaoh— far across the plains bounded by the low, purple-blue hills, one could follow the traok along which the coach passed once a day ; in short, the eyrie of an eagle^was never built in a more commanding and yqt retirod spot. Two or three days after that on whioh my story opens, Nan Griffiths {was Bitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and under the heavy shadow ofj a spreading tree that bent its crooked branoheB over her un canny-lookihg- figure. Shej was a very old woman, with white hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long oloak that oovered her even down to her feet ; to this cloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will over her head, and holes, (through one .of which a ekinny hand was passed to grasp a crutched stiok. The old creksure was tooth less, and her skin was shrivelled up on her face liko eun-tannod leather; but the keen dark eyes that sparkled tinder the long white hairs of her eyebrows Were, apparently as serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was muttering ancflmumbling to her self in a dissatisfied way that made her sharp noBe and chin meet in a manner that gave, her some resemblance to a bird ot prey, when she saw a woman climbing np the track amoDg the trees leading toward tha hut. ' It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirty five, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her faoe thati'wonld have won the sympathy of a stranger, But did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. ? « What, a time you've been I Faugh, the women there is in these days 1' \ 'I was as quick as I could be,1; Ellen Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near the hag, 'and I'm. as tired as death.' \ ' Death is never tired, you fool, and 'you always are,' Nan growled; 'and now yon sit there staring before 'you without telling me a word ; did you see the child.' \ ' Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him.' \ » Where was he ?' ' 'Up in the cemetery at the Colonel's grave. ' By himself ?' ' No, he was with Resignation St. Herriok.' The reply seemed to stun the old hag with surprise. . With Resignation St. Herrick 1 With her of all the ohildren in the world I' and then a harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she dapped her hands joyfully. 'It would be grand,' she soreeched; 'I wish I'd thought of it afore; but there's time enough. I'll make a policeman— a trap of him.' 'A policeman I of who?' ' Of Dan J would it not be grand if 7i« were to trap Colonel St. Herriok's mnrderer I ' Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though she had. ' Oh it's awful isn't it I your mother is a hard- hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man you loved. Faugh 1 you white-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck you ; are you a child of mine at all ? ' Ellen was used to suoh talk, and Bhe said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to death, weary look- in her .poor white face. ' Tell me what you heard, ourse you, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad,' shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and Bhook ? her violently ; ' open your mouth and Bpeak, fool that you are.' . 'What am I to tell about first ?'' ' The new people at St, Herrioks, who are they?— quiok.' ' Their name is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herrioks — rented it of Mr. Pollard.' ' And is it true that they're going into the old ground again? ' 'Yes.' The hag gave her daughter another vioious Bhake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the half of a pair of nut-craokera as she ahrieked — ' I'll throttle you if you don't speak out I whathBB come over you at all fool? Have you seen a gho3t— the ghost of Colonel j-lcujuu, ou f \- 'No, but J have seen a face like Dan Lyons.' At the reply the old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as Bhe questioned anxiously. 'You don't mean that hehaB come baok Ellen?' ' No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then it was in the eyeB only. When I was looking for little Dan I went round by the fence, at. St. Harriok's, and found a young girl looking over it as if watch ing for some' one ; it was the daughter of' the Brady's that havo taken the place.' ' Well 1 you spoke to her of course ? ' _ ' Yes, and got a good deal of news out, of her, but before I left her mother came out and called her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons.' / ' It was in your own eyes you saw a fool,' said the hag Boornfully. ' You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but/that double dyed murderer that left a -ourfie on you and yours. Go on with what you were saying.' / : ' She's a young girl, and a Billy olie, the Brady girl ; but you'll Boon see her fo;r your Belf, for I told her about you, and she's 'Bare to pay you a viBit. She thinks' of frothing bnt sweethearts, and her brother has told Her that a man is in love with her.' / : ' What man ?' \ / 'Do you remember Tadv Connor, 'That Connor that worked in the Gully when the Colonel was killed ?' / . The same.' \ / ' Something is going to happen!' oxolaimed Nan, wildly. 'No fonder /I dreamed of strange things and s;vw strange Bignst Go on I' ! ' When Mrs. Brady ! called the girl inside I ' went on toward the \ cemetery, and I met Connor himself on hiB .Way from the Gully.' 'Did he know.yon, JJllen ?' ' ? 11 Yes, at once, and (asked me if you. were alive yet. He is coming to see you about; some dream;' i ' 'Aye? he was always a soft' fool, but an open-handed one, too, s o he's weloome.' ? ? 'If I don't mistake, (that's he odming up the hill now, mother,' Vsaid the woman, as she pointed 'down toward . a man who Was steadily climbing up the iitecp path, ' - xes, it was Tady, in \ truth, going, alter: many misgivings, to seij onoe again- the fortune-teller of Mount Ro\ban,: whom he Bad , more than once oonaulted An the years gone by ; for Tady , was one of 'tfliose not unusual characters ' in ' whom are combined deep re ligions convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural , powers and hflings, and his ignorant mind was' sorely exercluedon account -'strange dreanfhehad ha d 8 few. nights . previous. ? 1 \ ' ? ''How Mr. Leonard would laugh at me,' he was muttering to himself injsasps, as the; steepness of the hill tried his lun gs severely ; ' ' he dbn't believe in fortune-tellenf or witches, ; dr anything, but seein's believing an' well I - know Nan is a witoh it (here wt'd qvez one in this world.' \ V When he reaohed the hut there was no one in front of it, and the door was shut. He knocked a low, respeotful knook, and nearly jumped out of his skin as he was bidden by name to enter. ' Come in, Tady Connor.' 'What am I fnghtened of?' he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latoh and pushed open the door. ' Of course Ellen has come baok and tould her she seen me.' When he entered the low, dim room, with the day floor and the smoke-blaokened rafters, he saw that there was a small fire on the hearth, but no one beBide it, and then he turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge blaok oat at her feet. It was the cat's unearthly 'me-a-w!' that had made Tady shudder from head' to foot. ' Weloome, Tady Connor,' said the hag, as she advanced and stood before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still oovered with the long oloak. ' The seas have rolled between us for long years, and now they have brought you back again.' 'They havo, ma'am,' eaid Tady, as he made a respeotful scrape with his right foot ; and I'm glad to see tbey have left you look ing so hearty.' ' Time makes no odds to. me,' she said, as she drew a seat to ' the table and sat down, while she- pointed to another for her visitor. ' I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down.' Tady would have liked to ask her whose death was to precede her own, but he dare'nt, and waited humbly for the hag to speak again. 'You want to consult mo?' she asked, as sho put her shrivelled face so near to him that the fiery little eyes so far baok in her head seemed to burn him. ' Speak out what it is while the humor's on me. .'It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths — a' drame that's troublin' me intirely ; an' know in' well how knowledgeable you always wor, I kem to ax you about it.' ' AU right,' she replied, as sho drew toward her with a skinny paw tho coin Tady had laid near her on the table. ' Skull, fetch the master's books.' ' The latter command was addressed to the blaok oat, who instantly entered the inside chamber and almost instantly returned with a little bag in his mouth, whioh he deposited on his mistress's lap, taking the opportunity of his vicinifcv to the terrified Irishman to ?pit and ' wa-ow ' viciously in his face. \ ' Down, Skull;' oried Nan to the oat as she opened the bag and drew a paok of dirty cards from it. ' Now, Connor, tell me your dream.' '?It's twice now I've dramed it,'hoBaid, turning his face- away from tho oat, who still glared at him. ' ' I thought, do you see, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with \every spade I dug I turned up the head of a man. I thought that I always expeoted a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' as I turned the Bhovel, but whin it come up it was always the same man's face wid blood on it.' ' Did you know the face 7 ' asked the hag solemnly. 'Yeii,Idid.' ' Whose was it ? ' ' It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face.' ' Something is going to happen Tady Connor I' she said, almost repeating- the words bI^o had uaed to her daughter. ' The dream was always the same ? ' 'Always, ma'am.' With her jaws munohing and mumbling horribly the fortune-teller spread the cards before her, and with suoh a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered face, that it was evident she possessed Bome belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the little Irishman had uttered the one name in the whole world that had power to exeite her worst passions, for there are far worse passions than the reigning one of Nan Griffith's, whioh was cupidity. 'What nian is plotting against you?' she asked him suddenly, as he' anxiously watched her face while she soanned the cards. 'You have jbeen speaking to him lately, though you have not touched his hand — who is it ? ' and Bhe turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face, i ' I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't spoke to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Prosser, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer.' 'You spok^ to no one else? — mind what you say, Tady^ Connor.' 'Be this an' be that 1' asseverated Tady, and then he all at onoe stopped, and with a guap ujauuiubuu tiimuisL iu a wniBper, ' o ure it wonldn'j be Father James I V ' Who il Father James ? ' Nan asked sus pioionsly, -' and what right have you to be talking of olergymen here? Why, the very oat knows yod have named one — look at him!' In fact the blaok cat had turned toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was me-a-wing and spitting at . him. ' Spakojto him 1 quiten him for my Bake, Mrs. Griffith's I sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all j sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentle man that' has rented St. Herriok's an' iB livin' thenle wid his family.' A sudden remembrance of what her daughter had said , about Nora Brady made the old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed the read ing of the oards'she had laid down. ' I can tell you nothing about your dream until yah dream it once more,' she said, ' but beware of a dark man that is plotting against your vary life.' ' How will I find out who ;he is?' asked Tady,1' anxiously. ' Through a girl,' replied Nan ; ' a young girl.with dark hair that'Bin love with you.' \--.~'With me? It's jokin'you are, ma'm.' Don't vI look like a woman to joke?' was the angry retort. . ^ There's a girl in love with you,, and you'll see her this very day, for she's waiting and watohing for you at this moment; 'and- now go, for I can tell you no more at present.. When you dream' the third time bome to me again.' Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His super stitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, al though partly 'overcome by the Wonderfully good news she had told him, were yet quite sufficient to . render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and- he hastened down its side' to be at leisure to think over his unexpeoted good fortune. ' ' Good fortune, indeed; and at last'! ' I think I have told you that Tady Connor ' had num bered some thirty-five years, and doting many lustres of those years it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head and ears in love - very many timet);' , Tady's heart Was soft, but those of the maidens who soorned his ^urhed-up nose, his brooked fin ders, and his red 'hair; were as hard as the nether millstone. :' 'In vain had ho year after year pictured to himself some lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wifo,- and called Mrs; Connor. . One by one his hopes had been blighted; and his person mookea or laughed at, yet here- was ft young girl with dark hair in love with him— aataaOy in' love with his very self, without being aBked or even known at all I ' ' ' Delightful ; thought I ' but ° there was one drawbaok— he had a rival; fpr that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark fman old Nan' had declared to be plotting 'against him; and wuned him against. v ; '. ' Of co'orse it's some ohap that Bhe won't 'look at on account of her -love for me, the darlih'l ' he soliloquised.' 'I wonther who she is at all, at all? but, sure, I'll know soon; for I'm to |M lier this Very day,' add poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his little heart, went down the hill rejoioing and looking all around him for a sight of the girl who at last had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man. ' Maybe she's behind some of tho bushes or rooks watohin' me the crathur,' he murmured with a fond smile, as he took off his hat and arranged his red, stiff looks. ' It's well I put on me new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particu lar,' and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, as he gave the ad mired blue coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herriok's on his way to the township— doubtless the cunning hag he had just left had calculated on that faot, and also another faot, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fenoe under the trees, watohing and waiting for the sweet heart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for the op posite sex. She had seen Tady climbing up the hill path, and now watohed his return with a beating heart and a consoious smile on her coarse, rosy face. St. Herrick'B had, as we know, an interest for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as he passed it, ho forgot the for tune toller's prediction- and thought of the murdered man whom everyone had loved. In the very middle of these sad thoughts, how ever, he heard a Blight cough, and with a sud den return of his warm admiration of his un known inamorato's taste, he stopped and turned in the direction of tho 'ahem.' Had there been an observer of the meeting between Nora and Tady he mnst certainly havo been an amused one. The girl was craning her neok over the fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when at her cough he turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and giggled. 1 Tady struok an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it wag sho saw nothing save unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely delighted, so with the envious fence only be tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, under the thick trees that protruded their great branches over the dilapidated fence. ' Are you Tady Connor ? ' simpered silly Nora, as she soanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass. ' I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man,' cried Tady. ' What makes you so happy ?' ' Because at last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me, this blessed day.' 'He-he-he 1' He-he-he wasn't muoh, but, with the ac companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. ' Arrah, don't be laughin' at me asthore; sure, you'll brak my heart if you do 1' And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled' to his knees, and ventured nearer to the fence. _ ' I'm not laughing at you. How did you know I was here?' Nora asked, as' she ar ranged her ribbons and oheap ornaments pretty muoh as Tady had arranged the tail of his ooat a little previously. ' Nan tould me agra,4n' sure it was meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye,' replied Tady, but he was wondering, all the time who told the girl his name, and then deoidingit was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against , him, he determined to ask her at once. 'I say,- agra, who was it tould you me name?' ' Conn did,' and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, ' D — — Conn, who ever he is.' 'But who is this Nan you are talking about? Is she you're sister ?' 'God forbid 1' and Tady crossed hiihself devoutly, ' arrah no, asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Boban these twenty years, an' she't a fortune teller.' The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkey-like face being protruded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora, who was, however, woman enough to affeot a pru dery she was far from experiencing. ' Go away with you— it's a shame for you, and if mother. or Conn was to see you, both of us would be killed.' ' Divila care I care I Who's Conn ?' asked Connor, with a scornful .twist of his ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival. - 'I'd be sorry to vex the mother ov mo darlin' girl, but as for Oonn — to the divil wid him, I say 1 Who is he, at all, at all?' . ' Conn ismy brother, didn't you know that? I've two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Father James, thoy oall him now.' 'Oh, Lord 1 is Father James a brother of yours? But afther all, why should we be afraid of him or any one ?. I'll keep oompany wid no dacent girl exoept for dacenoy, and sure he could marry us if he was agreeable.' ' Marry us,' repeated Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea of this ardent wooing. ' 'TiB early in the day to be talking, ot marry ing when I've only seen you a minute or two , ago ; and besides, . James couldn't marry us, for he's not in orders,' ?'Oh; I forgot, he tould me so himself agra; ,but never mind, when wo makeB up. our minds we can aisy find a priest to tie us together for a happy life. Wha's that ' That was someone shouting shrilly ' Nora ! Nora!' in the.direation ot the houeo. ? .'.'.'Tis mo mother ! I must go or sho'll kill me.' ' Stop one minnit. ashtore. Whin'll I see you agin ? Tell me. quick now before you go. Sure I'll be thinkin' it months till I see your baweheful eyes an' your darlin' faoe again.' \- ' I don't know, I'm often'here at the fenoe, and if you'll whistle I . can oome mostly any time in the evenin'.' ' Oh, tho lovely orathur 1' murmured Tady, as he gripped the top rail of the fenoe and stared after' the quiokly retreating figure of his fat inamorata. ' Isn't she the darlin' of the world to take a fanoy to 'me in this Way, an' not a bow! to. care for me in thiBwiae world but Mr; 'Leonard?' and the name re minded him that he had better not- keep his young master ignorant, of his whereabouts muoh longer, so he tore himself away and made for the township. ^ - CHAPTER Y. \ TUB 'DEAD MAN'S : CDBSE. ' - Lone cemetery of 1 Marranga, where the few dead sleep far from tho world they may know no more, and- where the rustle ot the long graBB : over their negleated graves ia rarely caused by a human' footstep. Thero in the quiet nook on the hill-side may the bird rear her young in peace among the spreading trees of the old Bush Land, and the breeze whisper to dead ears nnheard save by the young of the wallaby that sometimes venture to peep from among the rooks' that bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation oould seem greater than that of Marranga graveyard, where a dozen graves had sunk- among the, grass to Bad neglect, and ovor 'only one had a name or *a date been inscribed. ' y ' '? And that-one; on '+ ^ head- stone ol white ' - ' . ' I ? . .. - marble, stood out from its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps, to guard tho last resting-place of a St. Herriok. That spot alone in tho grass tangled enclosure' was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of bloBsom in a desert of desola tiqn. The blaok letters on the pure surface of the head-stone had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to the eye had there been one in tho vicinity to read it. But it was yet early in the morning, and tho man who was slowly approaching it had not as yet reaohed the graveyard. Indeed he seemed in no haste, for ho toiled up the slope as one afflioted with weakness, and when he had reaohed the gate, rested long on it, gazing toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard face under a slouched hat, and he wore a long, black semi olerical coat. It was the new tenant of St. Herrioks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps ho did not mean to enter at all. He stood there bo long, and so motionless that he might have been as dead as that man over whom the white stone stood, for all ap pearance of life that he exhibited. Magpies were stalking proudly in the grass, and greet ing the early sun with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jaokass, perohed upon tha limb of a leafiesa gum tree, shrieked out a wild ohorus to some distant mat6. The green paroquet fluttered and ohattered among the branches, but that statue-like man did not seem to see them or hear anything until there was the sounds of voices behind him, and then he turned his head just a little way to see who were the unwelcome visitants to a spot he had believed too lone to bring a single human being to gaze upon his face. It was fair Resignation St. Herriok who came toward him, though he did not know it then, and beBide hor walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. Close beside Resignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes olosely and suspiciously scan ning the stranger as the trio neared him. Resignation was attired as she had been when I first named her, A pale blue fleecy dress enveloped her slight figure, and from under her broad drooping hat her flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand she carried a little basket, the other was laid on the dog's great head, as the ohild uutictiu uueasy movements. The boy's stout, healthy figure was clad in a shirt of some light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fine dark eyes, and a handsome bright face, browned by the sun, and ruddy with health. ' Hush, Guardian, you mnst not be rude to strangers,' Resignation whispered in response to the dog's subdued growl. ' Ho will not. bite you, sir.' Father James made no reply, and the chil dren passed him to enter the gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving the man a second glance, but Resignation paused with her soft hand on the still open gate. ' Would you like to oome in, sir ? It is not private. Would you like to come in and see my dear father's grave ? ' ' Your father's grave I Why should I want to see your father's grave, ohild?' The words were Bpoken so sharply that the ohild drew back a little ; during all Resigna tion's little life these were the first words she had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and ahe fixed her large oalm eyes upon the man in a sort of mild wonder as she replied, .' I beg your pardon ; I thought you were, the gentleman who has taken the house where papa used to live, and that you might like to Bee his grave.' ' Who are you, ohild ?' he asked in trembling tones, as his white face seemed to yet blanoh of a more ghastly pallor. ' I am Resignation St. Herriok,'' she answered ; ' my father was Colonel St. Herriok.' ' Stay, I will go with you,' he murmered, as she was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle ohild waited jgladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she dosed it behind him. He allowed her to pass him, and then followed her up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. ? If she could have known what was passing in that man's heart — if she oould have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward oalm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herriok have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have Baid? He followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on whioh the priest's eyes seemed fixed with Buoh a stony glare that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against tbe man's naked breast, his faoe oould not have expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. , Sacred To The Memoes. Of Colonel Tiieodoue St. Hemiiok, Foully murdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186 — ' Vengeance is Mine, I will repay, saith the Lobd.' The ohild saw that , his eyes were traoing the words, and waited Bilently and respect fully until he turned his face away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with hia back to the headBtone. The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed his teetb, though silently, doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded the Btranger with a yearning- pity that her Boft question explained. ' Did you know my dear-papa, sir ?' and as a reply Father James shook his bowed head. ' You have perhaps loat a dear father/too ? but not in bo sad and cruel a way as I loBt mine. Oh it was oruel, cruel.' It was -worse than cruel ; it was inhuman and cowardly 1' oried the lad, striking the trowel on the grass he was kneeling on for emphasis ; ' and it I was a man and met him I would kill him as I would a snake.' . ' Who are you ?' asked the priest, suddenly as he turned his face toward the vehement speaker. *'Me? My name is Daniel.' 'And Daniel is- my friend,' explained Resignation eagerly. 41 He has always helped -me to keep jpapa's grave nice, and when he to » umu-iiu ia guiug bu uuu papa b murderer and get him puniBhed.' She said the last words in a low, emphatio whisper; looking round her bb if fearful ot being overheard as in a matter of the most Beoret consequenoe. ' Yes, I shall find him,' Daniel deolared; proudly. ' ' Old Nan wants to make a police man of mo to run the villain down ; but I shall find him without being a trap.' He may hide himself anywhere, but I ehall find him, for it is fated that my hand shall put the rope about his neok.' ? 'How do you kn'oW?' esked the white faced priest almost in a whisper. 'Because granny has said so, and she is a reader, ot the Btars— tftej/ cannot lie,' you know, and besides I /eet that I shall know Dan Lyons by instinot if ever the villain comes near me.' 'WaB Dan Lyons- the name of the man who——' and he nodded toward the head stone, though he did not turn 1iis eyes [to waidit 'Yes, didn't - you know?' Resignation asked wonderingly. ' He was poor popa's mate in the olaim, you know. It doesn't tell about it there ' — and she pointed to the j Btone— ' but mama haa told me all about it over and 07er again. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive — papa wrote about it in his note book while he was dying, and mama has the note book yet. Just fanoy what it must have been to bo crushed down in the dark ground alive, but smothering, and thinking ot mama end me all the time I Oh, poor papa l But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wickcd man that killed him, for he was going to heaven, but the murderer oan never, never go there.' ' Are -you Bure of that ? ' How eagerly the question waB aBked I with what trembling lips and craving eyes I 'Of course he can't I' oried Daniel; 'he must go among the devils, for he waB ono of them I he was no man l didn't he bury the Colonel alive and stand looking at him and taunting him while he was dying ? ' Only a devil oould do that I ' .' Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent,' Resignation Boid doubtfully ; 'if he is sorry and asks God for Christ's sake, He may for give him after a great while.' 'Never I all the sorrow in the world wouldn't undo his sin or make a dead man live again! Besides, if he was sorry he would havo stood out before the world and confessed hia crime I ' From one to. the other of the ohildrens' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What oould he be looking for? In Dan's eyes he saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, aa her knowledge of God's meroy was contend ing with her righteous abhorrence of tho man whose crime had made her fatherless. ' It was cruel,' she repeated, aB she patted the mould around some plant on the grave beside whioh she now knelt softly, ' and if it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might be (sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for me to be sorry for him.' ' Sorry for him ? I wish I was old enough and— and I'd ? ' ' Vengeance is mine,' repeated Resigna tion from the stone ; ' mama Bays that as surely as God'if sun shines in the sky God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, tne mur derer.') Still from one young face to another the man looked voicelessly, the ohildren now tending the flowers on the grave and not re garding him, but eaoh engaged with their own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to foot aa though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and he spoke to the boy. ' Did you say your name was Dan ? ' 'Yes, I wish it wasn't I why did they oall me the same name as that murdering wretoh ? I won't have it I ' ' I never call you Dan,' said Resignation softly ; Daniel is a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man.' 'Your name is Dan?' persisted the Btranger; 'Dan what?' ' My name is Daniel Griffiths if you want to know,' the boy replied defiantly, for he re sented the priest's insisting on calling him Dan. ' What is your mother's name ? ' ' Ellen, EUen Griffiths ; she is old Nan Griffiths' daughter.' (To lie continued.) 