POPULATION AND SETTLEMENT. To the Editor. Sib, — The Treasurer in bis able Financial Statement of last -session said: — 'We are endeavoring to attract a population to our shores, and there are those amongst us who are going out to labor in the wilderness, and before whose energy the forests o£ Tasmania will give -rtf orvrh flnH nf.Vior no- rif»nlt:n*-al products . . . Those are men whose wants have also -to be remembered if we waut to ojjeir np the country. My .hon. friend, the Minister of ^ Lands', 'has made a rather heavy claim 'upon' me for an/amount„ to enable- him to provide railways, broads, bridges, jetties,- and public buildings for the people of the country.' And the Minister of Lands and Works, in a speech which must be admitted to have been character ised by an admirable spirit, even if one cannot . entirely agree with all that it contained, said:' — ' I maintain that it is not the number of acres which the town is able to dispose of, nor even the amount of money which the Crown is . able to extract from those who put chase la.ud, which is the sure criterion of the progress of the. colony. It is the number of families who iare disposed settle on the land, and who, as a matter, of fact, do settle on »lie land. . . . We have the satisfac ion of knowing that the lands of the colony are being settled upon by those who are the sort of occupiers we desire to see— that is, not merely speculators, but those who actually reside upon and improve the land. . . 1 may perhaps reter to tne desire of the Government to still further encourage settlement on agricultural lands by liberalising the conditions upon which those desirous of selecting land can obtain it. I am quite aware that a large quantity of the land in the colony is of such a character that it is quite impossible for any one to go upon it with any hope of doing more than simply obtaining a liviug, if even he can do that, for himself and his family. And that, I should say, principally arises, in a great many instances, from the difficulty of access, owing to no provision whatever being made to enable the occupier to get his produce out when he hasgrown it.' And in speaking of the public works proposals he said, 'with regard to the line from Launceston to Scotts dale. which is the liue involving the largest ex penditure in the proposals of the Government, 1 think no hon. member who knows anything of that part of the country will refuse to vote to have it constructed, ihe statement has been made to me on good authority that a great portion of the country in that locality where the line is proposed to be constructed is of good quality, and it is also true there is a large amount of land of second class quality. On the other hand, north and south of the line, there extends a large amount of agricul tural land. Although there is some which is not first-class land, there is no doubt that it will be occupied when the means'of transit are available.' And yet in the face* of all these professions the Government has with drawn from selection the whole of the land worth taking up within reach of the intended Scottsdale line of railway. Although it is 'endeavoring to attract a population to our shores although ' the sure criterion of the progress of the colony is the number of families who arc disposed to s ttle on Vic land, ands as a matter of fact, do settle on the land;' and al though ' we have the satisfaction of knowing that the lands of Vie colony are being settled upon by those who tire the sort of occupiers that wc desire to see — that is, not merely speculators, but those who reside upon aad improve the land yet the 'Government under the influ ence of some scare that everything is to be chauged, suddenly withdraws from selection that very land, the anticipated settlement of which is the principal justification for the con struction of the railway ; and without which indeed its construction could scarcely be 'vindi- cated. It is said that the object of the Govern ment is to prevent speculators from purchasing and holdingidly for the sake of the 'unearned increment, 3 but we may be assured that for one suph speculator who would purchase and pay cash there are fifty bona fide selectors who would purchase on credit terms under the 24th section of the Waste Lands Act. And if any such bogie as the 'speculator' should pur chase under the credit terms the country is sufficiently guarded for the next few months before Parliament meets a^ain by the 20th section of the act? which is :us follows : — ' The, contract for sale I of. every lot selected for' purchase under this act shall contain a con dition for forfeiture to the Crown of the land selected, unless the selector, his tenant, or servant sliall, within one year after the date of such selection, commence to reside upon such lot, and shall continue to reside thereon until the full amount of purchase money for such lot is satisfied.' Seeing how small are the inducements which the pursuit of agriculture holds out to selectors to settle^ upon and clear even our rich, but heavily timbered, waste lands, it might have been expected that the utmost liberality would have marked our land policy. The Minister of Lands and Works himself tells us that 'a large quantity of the .land Jn the colony $$ of such a character that it is quite imjwssible .for any one to go uj-oh it~with the hope of doing more than simply obtaining a living, if even be can do that, for nimself and his family.' This iB true even of a great deal of what is accounted | rich land. One may be astonished to see what an amount of labor h^s been expended in clear ing brings unifer feultiv;»tion land :it the ' Up!»ei Piper s^'tti^iiK-nt, ana in other parts of the colony which certainly could not be classed as good agricultural laud. Some of our rich forest lands cost from £10 to £20 per acre to clear them, so as to render them fairly fit for the plough, .and there. are places where double - the higher amffimt I ^ have named . would not cover' the value of + the labor! expended per acre in' bringing the land to an arable condition. The observer may well ask how it is that men will go on toiling and moil ing awaythe best years of their lives on a task which appears to yield so popr a return.. The answer can only be found in the fact that so many have no other employment to which th^y cjui turn for a living but -the primitive One of tilling the *oil, and that the home iustirict jsso strongly implanted in the human breast that a large portion oTmankind think no sacrifice too great which will result in their securing for themselves and their offspring some hold upon cheir mother earth. It cannot be wise to do violence to this instinct, but on the contrary, those who have the good of the country at heart should do everything fairly in their power to encourage it. lhey manage' this better in Canada, and even in New Zealaud for iu the latter colony they have their home stead system of settlement, than in Tasmania. And it may not be out of place if -I inflict upon your readers a few extracts from an article in the Contemporary Review of August, 18132, by D:-. Jas. Macgregor, who accompanied Lord Lorne in his expedition to the north-west of Canada, to judge of its capabilities for settle ment. Everyone knows that so far as regards natu al inducements for agricultural settlement not a ghost of comparison can be found between TaaniLuw, with its limited areas of good but heavily-timbered agricultural land, and Canada, with its almost boundless fields of surpassing fertility ; and yet we phall .see what Canada, with all her va*t advantages, does to encourage bond-Hdc settlement. Dr.^ Macgregor says: — 'One must travel over its vast territory, sail on its magnificent l ikes and rivers, visit its prosperous and beau tifiil town*, aud camp out on its rich prairies, ? to realise what a splendid possession it is, and how proud we ought to be of such a heritage, aud how certain that a great future lies before it. In no other of our great colonies does the climate seem so favorable to -the preservation of the form and features and enei-gie* of the Anglo-Saxon race ; and in none are the people an ore passionately attached to the Crown ;and. 'the Constitution, and more prond of their connection with the mother country.' ? 1 . ;. Speaking ot the provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick — either of which may be reached from England or Ireland at a cost of £5 for an adult, and £2 lO* for a child, Dr. Macgregor says : — ' One would have to search long before one found anywhere ,in Great Britain or Ireland scenery more fair, a soil more fertile, or greater general appearance of human comfort than in the Vale of Surrey, or along the banks of the Kennebecasis, or in the Annanolis Vallev. .the old French Acadie, the Iand of Evangeline,* of which Longfellow; though he never saw it, sang his truest and sweetestsong. . . . There ?are at this day in these two beautiful provinces rich but uncultivated lands, capable of support ing many millions of emigrants, where they would have a salubrious climate, free education for their children, and a certain return for their industry. With a population under 400,000, Nova Scotia has five millions of acres of arable land, while New Brunswick, .with less than 300,000 people, is capable of maintaining from five to six millions. Both piovinces, and cspe chilly the latter, which has much more free land to dispose of, are extremely liberal to bona fide settlers, offering a single man a free grant of 100 acres, and 200 acres toi a married man with two children, on the simple condi tion of actual settlement, the building -of a house within two years, the culivation of ten acres within three years, and £2 worth of labor each year for three years in the construction of roads and bridges. The Province of Quebec offers to every male colonist over 18 years' of age a free grant of 100 acres, situated along any of the eight great colonisation roads, on the. condition that within, four years he shall have erected a dwelling ' and cleared and culti vated 12 acres. It also, like* New Bruus-/ wick, secures the property' of ' €he colo- : nist; within certain limits from seizure for debt. Ontario is undoubtedly the finest province of what , may : now be called .Old 1 Canada. A run through it by railway in the j glorious summer weather is like a run through j some of the richest parts of- England, only : England has no St. Lawrence, no Lake Ontario, no Niagara, no Georgian Bay. Here, too, the Government offer^ land on the most liberal terms, 200 acres to each head. i-f a: family, and 100 to any person above 18 years of' age, on the easy condition that they reside on ' the land at least six months every year, build a habitable house 16 feet by 20, and at the end of five years have 15 acres out of every 100 cleared and under crop.' Writing of the' enormous teiritory through which the Assiniboine and the Saskatchawans ' run, Dr. Macgregor remarks that there ;is ?' a -wheat- growing region of extraordinary fertility, containing roughly 300,000 square miles, with 'a summer climate and a sojl ^surpassing our own,' ' and which seems certain .at no very distant day lo be the home of prosperous millions and .the granary of the world:' :n' Speaking of the lowest - of the three igreat plateaux or prairie step]-es, which are such re markable features of 'North-Western Canada — that formed by the Red River. Valley and_. Lake Winnipeg— Dr. Macgregor saysV'withihj this first plateaux, lying entirely in the pro vince of Manitoba, it has besn calculated that there are 0900 square miles, .much of which may beregarded as the finest wheat-growing soilin jthe world.' And then with 'regard -to the fifciiess of this great country as a place of settlement he remarks : ''As day after day and week after week we drove across these'fertile regions, it was a daily wonder:to us all how they had been so long kept hidden fjom the huugry millions of Europe. From Winnipeg to the Rocky Mountains we 'did not come across a thousand acres that were not fit either for grazing or agriculture. Of the marvellous fertility of the first prairie-steppe, the Red' River region, there is no doubt whatever. . The soil is a rich black friable mould, from 2ffc to 4ft in depth, aud has in some placed yielded crops of wheat for 50 years without manure. The unbroken prairie has a sward of the richest green,' thick and close as the pile in velvet. Here is the evidence of hard-headed practical Scotch far mers wno recently visitea ine country. i-ir Gordon, of Annandale says that * 4 beneath that surface of dried grass and ashes,' consequent upon the frequent fires, there lies hidden a treasure in fertility of soil which, when developed, will sustain millions of the human race.' 'Along the Red River' says Air Snow, of Midlothian, ' the soil is a very strong, black, vegetable mould, and would carry payiug crops of wheat for 30 years.' 'As a field for wheat-raising,' says Mr Biggar, of Kirkenbright, 'I much prefer Manitoba to Dakota. The first cost of land is less ; the soil is deeper and will stand more cropping; the sample of wheat is better, and the produce five to ten bushels per acre, aU of -which is profit. No one who sees the immense extent of fertile soil -and the excellence of its products ran for a moment doubt that .there is a great future before that country.' A writer in Harper's New Mcnthly Magazine for September, 1SSL, says : — ' If one-half of the ground of that comparatively small portion which is drained by the Red River and its affluents were sown to wheat, the product at an average yield would be 500,000,000 bushels, or more than the entire amount raised in the United States in 1SS0.' . _ ' From the report of the Minister of Agri culture for 1880 it appears that over 1X6 farms in Manitoba, of which the names and particu lars are fully given, the average yield of wheat per acre was 29£ bushels ; of oats 57f, of barley, 41. Potatoes gave 318 bushels per acre. The average weight of wheat may be taken at 001b to tne busbeL' Speaking of the survey of the north-west territory and of the inducements held out to emigrants in the most recent regulations for the sale and settlement of the land, Dr. Macgregor gives the following interesting in formation which might afford some valuable hiuts to our Government:— 'The survey, which is conducted on simple, but scientific principles, is being pushed forward by the Government with such vigor that the entire territory will very soon be marked bff into townships -of . six .miles to . the side, each township bang again subdivided into 36 sections, each a square mile, aud the sections into quarter sections of a quarter of a mile, or 160 acres. Roads, 1 chain or 22 yards in width, run north and south between each section, and east and west between every two sections, and give easy access to the land. These townships .are numbered in ordinary numerals, 1, 2, 3, etc., northward from the, boundary line ; and in'Roman numerals I, II, ' III, etc., in what are called ranges, westward from the principal meridians. By an ingenious but simple method, each township, section, and quarter-section is so marked off by mounds aud posts, that, on the prairie one can tell in a. moment exactly where he, is. It is a crime Jin the eye of the law-in any way to deface or 'injure these land- marks.' ; T - Dr. Macgregor thus states briefly ' the home stead and pre- emptive regulations ' The homestead means this — That any head of a family( male or female, or any person who. has attained the age' of 18 years, is entitled to a free grant of a quarter-section, or 160 acres, on the simple conditions that he cultivate a certain portion of the land, reside on it for .three years, and pay the registration fee of £2 for entry. On compliance with these conditions the patent is issued ; and the laud, with the house on it, two oxen, a horse, a cow, household furniture, and certain farm implements are by -a wise and merciful law exempted from seizure for debt. Pre-emption is the right which the law gives to ? every person who accepts of the above, free grant to buy the adjoining quarter section for a payment of 10s or 8s !an acre, according to cir- - cumstances, which payment shall be made in one sum at the end of three years Jrom the date j of entry, with interest at C per cent. It is ? I quite true to say, as any one may see by I attentively considering thiB paragraph, that a 1 family, of four adult*, with - ver^, moderate . meuiis, ' could io four years obtain a large estate of 1280 acres f probably the richest whe.jt-gi owing land in the world at a merely nominal price.' The preceding extracts may gh c some idea of the fertility and vast extent of agricultural soil, of the salubrity ot the climate, aof the facilities for communicatgbiS^b^' land., and w^ter, of the liberal terms onvwlncm land iiiay .be acquired, of the peifection Sifrlbuwl SllPV'flV «TTcfo-n rtf i ko i^pntA^i^nn iflrni'^n/1 against the accidents of fortune by the home stead system, and other advantaged and induce- 1 ments which the Great Canadian Dominion offers to immigrants. And can it be wondered that under such an enlightened system that : grand co '.ony is making such gigantic strides in I population, settlement, wealth, and all that constitutes a nation. ? ? — -* — 'What ace we doing iu Tasmania ? We are builiing railways ; we' 'are undertaking other great and expensive public works we are in dulging in such costly baubles 'as ajdirectline ot steamers between England and Hobart'; a; e going in for an expenditure of £30.000. iri addition to auy other moneys a)b the disposal of the Board of Immigration, for the pmpose of assisting immigration to Tasmania ; jve are making ducks anddrakespf thb public funds in a variety of other way a,diid wc are locking vfi t/ic most desirable parts of the -colony against settlement .'/ When ' is there to be an end to such fantastic tricks ? When are we to learn how to lay securely the foundations for. a secure fabric of-aational prosperity? 'Itisa fact which cannot be gainsaid that within a very short time pa6t scores pi persons have: gone away froiu the survey office here in Laun-. ceston with feelings of disappointment or^dls-' gust at finding that so much of the best of the' country— the very part where they would halve, liked to strike in aud get ready their land for' the coining railway — was absolutely withdrawn from selection. No doubt we shall be told that there is plenty of time, that the land will in- . crease in value, and all that kind of thing. But: this ;s a pure and most, fatuous hallu-, ci nation. The present 1 is the golden i time— we are losing an opportunity that will ! never come again. Time lost by a people can no more be recovered than can a human being recall the days that hav^gone.- The laud will not increase in value -by being . locked up. Government might create a factitious price tor land by locking it up, 'but who can'gainljy that? . _ * Only a day or two 'since I met a young Tasmanian who had .done well — as most Tas manians do — in another colony, and had re tuinei to, what' was to him, ' 44 the old land,' with the ; intention of selecting iand .in the Scottsdale district and laying put money in improving it. He had heaid of the progress the colony' was making, of the extensive development of mineral wealth, and of the railways and other works to be constructed for opening out this . imd .our agricultural and other resources ; and he returned to his native land full of confidence in his own energy and means an 1 of hope for the future. Imagine then his disappointment at finding the -door shut in his. face! This is -by no means: a solitary instance. Your readers can doubtless supply many others. ^ Yours, etc., William Ritchie. February 16. r 