THE MISSION CHURCH OF ST. ANACLITUS, PETERSBURG. Sunday, November 23. was a day of par- ticular interest to the Catholic portion of the community of Petersburg. Until lately no church existed except the mission station or oratory at the presbytery, in which tbe faithful might assist at the offices of the church. But very recently a building was purchased from the Wesleyens, and adapted to the solemn service of the Oatholic Church. Various alterations and additions were effected, the principal being the extension of the western gable by the addition of a chancel of pentagonal shape, nicely finished with a cornice-coved ceiling, and divided from the main building by an elliptic arch and a neat commnnion rail. The altar too, has been chastely designed, and the windows are cf colored glass. A bell and two crosses, together with Gothic ventilators and a porch adorn the exterior. His Lordship (the Right Rev. C. A. Reynolds, D D.,) arrived by train on Saturday afternoon, accompanied by tbe Rev. Fattier O'Brien, and was met at the station by the pastor of the district, the Rev. Father Norton, and the Rev. Father Kreisal, of Jamestown. On Sunday the ceremony of opening blessing and dedicating the new mission church of St. Anaclitus, Petersburg, was solemnly performed by his lordship in the presence of great crowd of people assembled from all part of the dis trict. The rite was a very impressive one con sisting of various prayers, isvoeatfons and psalms sokaoDly intoned by the bishop and clergy whilst tbey walked in procession round thebailding, sprinkling the walls and founda tions with holy water, sod concluding with UM?c4telofttoLttaDjoft?eS*taitsatthe altar, and dedicating the efanroh henceforth far the oelebratsan of taedMne mysteries in honor of St. Anaclitos, the third Pope and martyr. Holy Mass was then celebrated by tbe Bey. Father O'BrieD, After the com munion the btshoptitwaahed the dedication sermon from 11. Paralipomenon. chap. vIL. vetses 12, 15, 16 —?? And the lVtrd appeared to Solomon by night and said— I have beard thy prayer, and < have chosen this plate to myjelf lor a haste af aaarlfioe,*' ?*>. His lordship -resMrbsd that tbiswasadayotpeooliar jjyto theOatfaoUc Cawrob, inasmeb aa they were celebrating the dedication of a temple to His same, fie drew a striking eonttaat between Solomon's temple of old and Its aolemn setting ?part a* ahooserjfaaorifioeootae one hand, aad the dedioation ?f a ObsMian GatfeoUe Oauroh oo the other. He showed bow the one was but a mere shadow or -type whilst the other was the reality, the one jhooed for, tbe real presence of ihnJStdeemar to come, whilst the other rejoioed in the real substan tial poueeeioo of His true body and blood, sacrificed daily npon Its altars. His lordship then proved from various types and fignres of the Old Testament, from the prophecy of MalacM, and from the institution by Christ on the night of Hia last sapper, the reality sod divine otifcin of tbe holy aaorince of the Aftaas that sacrifice, which made sacred every Catholic fane, fcoswter humble it might be, and raited It far above the splendor and grandeur cf tbe ancient .Temple of Solomon, Hia lordship therefore aaidit was a festival of rejoicing for tbe church In Pstenborg, because In future the Holy Mass would be ctiered in that temple, and on that altar, dedicated in honor of St Anaclitua, who wm tbe third of tbe Utastriona Una of pontiff's who ruled the Church of God. He referred to the altar found in tbe catacombs at Borne, built over tbe bones of the martyrs. At tbe oonnlnstoi af his dis ooutsebe made an appeal la aid .of ibs build ing fund, Brbiob was tjnvtrwwij responded to, tbe sun of £84 being aabsoribejd in oath and proaiises. The choir aaag Webb's ".Mass in G," during the aanioe, aatlstifl by Mr. and Mrs. Milner* of Jamestown. Intbeewnina' at 7 o'clock the building was again crowded to exoess, when the Rotary was rotated, after which bis lordship preacbed from the epistle of tbe day, OoL t, 14-" In whom we have redemption through His blood, the remission of sins." He said that in the Catholic Church than existed the power of forgiving tins, and that the sacrament of noafeswuu. as practised ia her slena, was of divine institution, and that it waa another proof of the gundear ecd superiority of the Christian Catholic tempk over that of the Jews. From maoy place* of tbe Old and the Hew Testaaenti, partrccmrly from tbe words of Christ—" R* ceive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive they an forgiven them, and whose ebta yen shall retain they are re talntd," bis lordship shoved Its inatten tion a? tbe only remedy for the remission of sin perpetrated after baptism, and con cluded by fervently exhorting hn hearers to aerk it and praetisr ft in the manner designed by God. The bishop waa most earnest and c frretive throughout bis morning and evening discourses, and was listened to with anxions and unwearied attention both by fais own fattbful ones and by nnmerons Protestants, who seemed thoroughly impressed with the ceremonies of tbe entire day, and parttcalarly with the earnest and Interesting sermons of the bishop. Benediction of the Moat Holy Sacrament terniica*ed the day's proceeding*, which most have becnioaneaUng to the bishop, pastor, and people of Petersburg, 