_..._AnAm ?riUS Aeronaut. . A late French journal contains the follow ing curious and characteristic incident. It is a fit idea for the construction of a melb drama. While Monsieur Godard was filling an uini mens balfoot jy the Champ de Mars, he amused`tihe spectat'rs. by sending up the smal[gureof n'man, the; perfect semblance of MiThiers.jwit~hot spectacles. The little man, eing'filled with gas, rose majestically into +e air, and ..was soon lost to -view amon tath6 clbhds. Hi adventures; which became known the. next day, were curious. Thank? to a strongr and favorable gale, which impelled him on his'course, the little balloon' man arrived the same afternoon in sight ofa fine country house ,somewhere in the neigh-. borhoo of Bievro. It ~as near the h'ijr of dinner, and th1e lady of thef-mansion, who'naturally thought herselpdrfec{Iy?safe,?~iwas occupied in the myste .es ofher toilet. It was? a warm day, and slhe-had?,opened 'one :ofthe windows whicht lookd? out upon the Park, ind was. safe from any prying eyes. While tranquilly engad, bg the assistanceeof corset lacing,, in reducing her waist to a hsize and shape that'would reflect, credit, on her,husband's taste, she was suddenly stiartled by'a blast of wind;,followed, by: a strange'noise; andlim mediately, the casement was thrown open, and our little bolloon'man entered the cham .berunannounced..,: .i , ,;The ladyuttered:a cry.of terror; and threw a shawlrover :her, shoulders:: !The little man, driven by the wind,, throws himself uponi the unhappy woman; who, screaming lotiderithan ever, pushed, him, off, anid, he therefore con' ceals himself under the bed. , Just as the wife, in a supplicating voice, says to-this novel'Don- Juan," Ah, monsieur, go away. or you, will ruinn me ,l"the husband furiously, rushed m,. crying, ~Ah, the wretc; I have him ndor",;. andgoes, in serch of his svord to'rruh hi:tough' the The wife, more dead than alive, reiterates, ini the midst of 'sobs,;', Fly, ifly, monsie?nr ads.ve me the sight, fof a dreadfl Ira. he iusbanidd,' ifurated, arrives armed, to .the. teth, fqllowed by the iwhole household, who; seek to 'imollify.i:his anger.7 j11hile 'two of his friends hold the husband,..a;..third, stooping down,. perceives pourlittlefriend, :who, forgoodicause, utteIrsnot a:wo.~d and, .cSathing. him ,by.the?le.1g,_raw.s.'him.forth from his concealment--when lol Monsieur BallQii,' noiloniiger held(.doj' iby)the bed stead, raises himself erect, swells out, and rises majestically to :the ceiling,to ,the im mense amusement of the spectators "Yes, Brownjug is an M.D., I"believe; but he is an M:D. without practice " " Then? he has the advantage of the rest of; you doctors: His slumbers cannot be.disturbed by the ghosts of deipated patients? 