FOXGLOVE JMANOR. By Robert Buohanan CHAPTER 5XVIH —(Continued.) Quite qmetely, I approached the window, and gszed out upon ihe terrace. There they stood, she talking eagerly, with face averted from him, and looking my way. She saw me in a moment, and started in agitation. I nodded grunly, and opening the folding windows, looked out. Xuen, all at once, I drew bask apo logetically. " Ah, there you are !" I eaid to my wife, " I was looking lor yon." 6he stepped over to the window, looking itrangely pale and scared. I had not even looked at, much less addressed, her companion ; bat he approached, with a ghastly smile. " I'm afraid I interrupt yon," I continued, "Some religions business, I suppose f Shall I retire till it is settled 1" He looked at me doubtfully ; but Ellen imme diately raplied— "Do not go away, Mr Santley is just leaving." Still preserving my sang froid, I sat down on cne of the garden seati on the terrace, and opened the cook which I had lifted at random from tho drawing- room table. Curiously enough it wss a work which is rather a favourite ot mine, one of Sebastiano's " Tales in Verse." I knew the thing, particularly the paesrge on which tha page had opened, and which, strange to say, had a certain reference to the present situation. " Pray proceed with your talk,'' I said. " I have scmething here to. amuse me till yon have done." So I eat reading, or pretending to resd. I did not even glance up, but I felt that they were looking uneasily at one another. There was a bng pauee. At last I lifted my eyes. " I'm sure I'm in the way," I Eaid ; and rose as if to go. " No, no I " cried Ellen, more and more uneiBy at my manner, which I'm afraid was ominous. "We wore only discussing some foolish village matters, on which Mr Santley wished to have my advice." " Very well," I replied. Then, turning to 8antley, I inquired "quietly, " Do you read Spanish 1 " He shook bis heBd. 'Tbat'B a pity," I continued, " Otherwise, yon. might have been much amn3ed by this little work, wmten by a priest like yourself, though not quite of your persuasion." " I it a tale ?" asked Bllen, bending over me. ' Yea ; one of old Caatelliano's talea in verse. Its author, 1 m»y tell you, was a Castilian monk, who abandoned the church for the heretical pur suit of story-writing, and took ' Castclliaoo ' as a pseudonym. The story I am reading is considered, by many, his masterpiece. iThc verse is roman tic throughout, the subject " Here my satyr could not torbear a got tore of impitience and irritation. "I'm afraid I bore you, sir," I said, smilinj, " Your tastes are not literary, I fear "1 seldom read fiction," be answered. " I con sider it trivial, and a waste of time," "Do you re!ly thinkeo ' I grant you, it tha work i6 not of a truly moral nature, like the pre sent' As I wes going to tell you, the subj'ect of this story, or tragedy in narrative, is edifying in the extreme. There was once in C re tile a parish priest, an exceedingly handrome young fellow, who, in a moment o! impu se, fell deeply in love with a fpanub lady." There was no need to look up now. I felt that ihey were both fascinated, not knowing what was to come. Ellen's hand was on my chair, which vibrated with the violent heating of her heart. "Very prettily docs Castelliano describe the course of this amour. Tho priest's first struggles to resist temptation, bis frequent fastings aad spiritual purgiuge, his growing desperation, bis final yielding to the spell. To be brief, ho at last spoke to her, avowsd his passion, and flung him self, despairingly and imploring, at her feot." " And she 1 " aeked Etlen, in a voice so low that I scarcely heard her. "Ob, the Ftory says but little of her answer, though doubtless it wa to the purpose, as the sequel proves. They understood on. another, and might doubtless have been happy, but for oce unfortunate impediment, which both had for gotten. The lady had— a husband I " Ab, that frightened, beating heart t how it leipt and struggled, ns tho little band still clutched my chair 1 I just glanced up, and meeting my gaze, she made an appealing gosturo ; for she began to understand.. As for him, he stood pole and sullen, FcowliDg at me with his seraphic face, and as yet imperfectly comprehending, " A husband !" I repeated, turning over a leaf. " He, poor devil, wat an alohomist, a dreary, doting seeker for the elixir of immortal life, and they thought him — blind. In this they were mistaken. As tbo poor flat flounder on the bottom of the sea, lying half buried and invi.ibla in the sand and mud, still with its watery j'elly of an eye surveys the liquid welkin overhead, so he, our alchemist, was marking much in silonce, Weil, sir, the thing grew, till at last, out of that obscure laboratory where the dreamer toiiod there came a thunder bolt. One fine morning the lady was found — dead I " " Dead !" They both echoed the word involuntarily. " Yea ; but the curious part of the affair has yet to be told, Thoy found her lying, as if sleeping, in her bed ; eo eweet, so quiet, so peaceful, no one in the world would have dreamed that she had been destroyed by a malignant poison, Such, however, was the cose." Santley buttoned his coat, and moved nervously towards the door, " A hoxrible story 1" he srid. "1 detest theso tales of violence acd murder. Besides, though I am not a Roman Catholic, I look npon snch rub bish as a salumny upon th« Coristian Chnrch." I smiled. " The Chnrch' history, I am afraid, offers end- lees corroborations." " I do not believe it ; audi bold that the Church tbould bo saved from such a'-tacks." "Paidon me," I persisted; while Ellen's hsnd was softly laid upon my ehoulder, as if beseeching me to c«ase, " the Church may be sacred, but eo, you will admit, ia tho marriage tie. For myself, I am old-fashioned enough to sympathise with that poor alchemist, and applaud his rough-and-ready mode of vengeance," "Then you justify a cowardly murder f" he re tained, trembling violently, " But there, I mast really go." " Pardon me, I don't call it murder at all," "Not murder!" he ejaculated. "No, air ; righteous vengeance. Were Buch a (late of things potBiblo now — though, of course, wives are now all pure, and priests all immaculate —I should recommend tho Bams remedy. V/hat, must you go ! Well, good day ; and pray excuse a scholar' warmth, Actually as I discussed that old monkish nonsense, I almost it real." Be forced a feeble laugh, and then, with one long look at my wife, and a murmured "gooi afternoon" to us both, retreated through the drawing-room doors. I sat still as il intent on my book, The moment he had gone, Ellen caught me wildly by the arm. " George 1 look at mo— speak to me I '' "Well f " I said, looking up quietly. " What does it mean f Why did you tell thai wild tale! You did not do it without a pur pose." " Certainly not." She stood' pale as death, clasping her handB together. "You did not think— you could not, dare not — that- " " That what, pray 1 " 1 demanded coldly, see ing that she paused. "lbat you suspect — that you can believe — that " She paused again ; then she added plea dingly — "Ob, George, yon never would do me such a wiocg 1 " " 1 have done you no wroDg," I replied. " You, on tho other hand have diBobcyed me ? ' " How? " " I forbade you lo cntertiin that man in my hcure." "Ho came unexpectedly. Indeed, indeed, I wish be bad not come." She looked so pretty and so despairing, that I should have straightway forgiven her, had I not suddenly called to mind the conversation in the drawing-room. Women aro Strang) creatures. At that moment, I am oertain she fervently believed Bhe was innocent, and I cruel. And yet . . I knew, by hnr humility and by hor sor row, that she partially reproached herself for having awakened my anger, " Let there be an end of this,1' I said, You oust never speak to that man again," . " Never apeak to him 1" she repeated implor- ln€y. " But be is our clergyman, and if I break with him there will be a scandal, Indeed, George, be ia not as bad as yon think him. He is very earnest and impetuous, but he is good and noble." " What I do yoa defend him ?" Bhe did not reply. " Yon must choose between him and me ; be tween the man whom you know to be an hypo crite, and the man who is your husband. If he comes here again, I shall deal with him in my own fashion, remember that I 1 spared him to- dey, because I thought him too contemptible for any kind of violence. But I know his character, and yon know it; that is enough, I shall not warn you again." With these words, I walked to my den. There, once alone, I gave way to my overmastering agita tion. I found myBesf trembling like a leaf, looking in a mirror, I saw that 1 was pale ai a ghost. An hour passed thus. Then I heard a knock at the door. Enter Baptisto. " Well, what do you want 1" I cried, angrily enough. Before 1 knew it he was on his knees, seizing and kissing my hand. " Senor, I know everything 1" he cried. " I have known it all along. That was why I remained at home when you were away — to watch, to play the spy, Senor, give mo leave! Let me avenge you I" I shook him of! with an oath, for I hated the fellow's sympathy. "Yon fool," I said' " I want no one to play tho spy for me. Stop, though I What do you mean ? What would yon like to do ! In a moment he had sprung to his feet and flashed before my eyes one of those long koives that Spaniards qprry. His eyes flashed with homi cidal fire. " I would plunge this into his heart 1 I could not help laughing,— a little furiously. " Put up that knile, you idiot 1 Pat il np, 1 sty I TbiB is England, not Spaio, and here we manage matterg very differently. And now, let me have no more of this noneense. Be good enough to go about your business," Ho yielded almost instantly to my old mastery ovar him, and, with a respectful bow, withdrew. So ended the enrioos events of the day. I have set them down in tbeir order as they occurred. I won- der if this is the last act ot my little domestic drama! If not, what i3 to happen next ! Well, we (hall soon see. (to be continued.) 