THE WESLEYAN METHODIST ANNUAL CONFERENCE. Tho annual conference of the Victorian and Tasmanian Wesleyan Church was commenced in tho Lonsdale street church, Melbourne, on Tues day night. Tho president (tho Rev. E. I. Wat- kin) occupied the chair, and there was a largo attendance ot mcniDoi's and adiicrcnts 01 tno Wesloyan body present. A ballot was taken in the election of a pre sident for tho ensuing year, which resulted in tho choico of tho conference falling upon the Rov. Henry Bath, of Geelong. Tho result was greeted with warm applause. The Rev. E. I. Watkin, the retiring president, delivered an excellent address. After sketching tho movement about opening the Public Library on Sunday, and the opposition of the church to it, lie referred to tho relation of Scionco and Roligion, and to tho absence of information of nature upon revelation, or tho relation of man as a moral agent to God. He then referred to tho Salvation Army, respecting which he said — An important event in tho religious history of tho colonios has boen the arrival of tho Salva tion Army. The Salvation Army is one of the most remarkablo religious movements of this century. There is a good deal in connection with it which few of us can admire. The ad- drosses of some of its officers and the remarks of many of its converts are offensive to good tasto. Such languago from our lips would bo irreverent. But wo must not forget that many of those who uso this language have boen lifted out of the mire. Thoy have been accustomed to use coarse languago, and they are not intentionally irre verent. But while wo cannot admire the ap parent flippancy with which the sacred names of God and Jesus and tho Holy Ghost are uttered in their meetings, and printed in their publica tions, while wo cannot approvo of some of tho methods omployed, do not lot lis close our eyes to tho good which the Salvation Army is accom plishing. It is reaching a stratum of society which all the churches havo failed more or less to reach. There are hundreds, if not thousands, in the colonies who are living better lives than they did a year ago, who havo been benefited by tho Salvation Army. Men who have beon notorious drunkards aro living sober and godly lives. Criminals have beon reformed, prodigals have been reclaimed, homes which wero the scones of dirt, and disordor, and wretchedness, are now abodes of comfort. Wo should be poor sons of our Methodist ancestors if wo did not rojoico ovor results like these. I do not think that thoro is any necessity for many of tho ex travagances and eeoontrieities of the Salvation Army. It succeeds not because of theso, but in s'pito of thorn. Early Mothodism told on the masses, without boing irreverent, without boing coarse, without taking tho slang of tho streot corner into its public addresses, without dis turbing the quiot of tho Sabbath by the harsh clangour of ill-played brass instruments ; and modern Methodism might do the same. But wo in Victoria havo not done it. A schomo for ef fective ovangolistic work in Melbourne and tho suburbs was proposed soino years ago by the Rov. John Watsford, but our church did not work it. Aro we, then, to find fault with tho Salvation Army for doing a work roughly which wo have failed to do 1 Are wo to imitate tho mistaken zoal of John, and say, ' Master, wo saw one casting out devils in thy name, and wo forbad him because lie followeth not us?' Is not tho oxistonco of tho Salvation Army to somo oxfont a rebuke- to out. .own and othor churches ? If, as many of us think, there is so much that is objeotionablo in Salvation Army tactics, ought we liot to show the masses a 1 more oxcollont way. ' One of tho reasons why I hopo for a union among tho Methodist churches of Australia is that, if a union wore ef fected, wo should bo able to do a work for tho non-church-going population of tho colonies, and to do it better than it is being done by tlie Salvation Army. Ever sinco tho Methodist (Ecumenical Council mot in London, in Soptomber, 1881, the fooling in favour of Mothodisfc union lias boen growing all ovor the world. It is growing in England. Some of tho leading ministers and members of tho Methodist churches in the fatherland are asking tho question, as they look at tho un necessary competition and tho ivasto of resources on the part of those who havo tho samo doc trinal belief, ' To what purposo is this waste V Good has resulted from unions already effected. It has been so iu Ireland, where, a few years ago, tho Wesloyan Methodists and Primitive Weslcyans amalgamated. It has been so in Canada, where, some timo sinco, tho Wes lcyans and Methodist Now Connexion united. During tho year all- tho Mothodist churches in Canada havo bocomo one, and there is but one Methodist church now from Newfoundland to Vancouver's Island. I hope to livo to seo the Mothodist Episcopal Church of tho United States re-united, now that tho plague-spot of slavery has been wipod out by blood ; and I am an ardent advocato for Mothodist union in Aus tralasia. Before quoting somo statistics, let mo say that twenty-nine years ago the Wesleyan Methodist churches gavo to tho Australian colonies the ox- amplo of Australian federation. All tho colo nies represented at the inemorablo meeting held last year of Australasian statesmen in Sydney have been represented for tivcnty-nino years past in tho legislative conferences of tho Aus tralasian Wesleyan Mothodist Church. I think that I may go farthor, and say that it was mainly through tho influence of Wesloyan Methodism that Fiji becamo a part of tlie Bri tish Empire. It was the interest which was ereatod in Sir W. Macarthur's mind by his knowledge of Wesloyan missions in Fiji, which led to iiis persistence iu bringing before the English House of Commons the necessity of making Fiji a British possession. Twenty-nine years ago, the first conference of our church was held in my native city of Sydney. Of tho forty ministers who were presont, nearly half have been called up from their labours on earth to their rewards in heaven. At tho first con ference of our church, hold twenty-nine years ago, thoro were 170 Mothodist churches in Aus tralia and Tasmania. Last year there were 1,119. Our ministers then numbered sixty- threo ; last year they wero 293. Our Sabbath- schools had increased from 157 to 1,030, and the attendants on the services of our sanctuaries from 47,000 to more than 200,000. If we confine our attention to the statistics of our churches in Vic toria during the past twenty-live years, we shall find every reason for oncouragemont. " Mr Wat- kin gave some other interesting particulars re garding tho progress of the church, and also in reference to the progress of the church iu Tas mania, saying that the Wesleyan Church had done more than its fair proportion in providing for the religious wants of the community, and the statistics of our gaols, and hospitals, and benevolent asylums show that we do not burden the State with our proportionate share of crimi nals or poor persons. There was much to in spire them in the records of tho history of their church in England and Ireland, in America and in Australia. There was everything to inspire them to more entire consecration when they thought of the future that lay before them in Australia. As a church tliey must bo prepared to take part in educating the national conscience, in establishing that rightoousness, without which no nation can be permanently prosperous. It was the boast of their church that the doctrines knew no change. Human nature altered not. Tho Conference then adjourned to tho following day. ' :: . . Wednesday evening. The Conference held a private sitting to-day, when ministerial business :wns taken. Letters of condolence were ordered to be sent to tlie Rev. J. Watsford, W; A; Quick, G. B. Richards, G. Minns, and- J. Downes, who are suffering from various, temporary ailments. The following pro bationers were advanced one year in their respec tive positions Rovs. W. R. Cunningham, H. Howard, J. Nail, J, Tack, F. Watsford, having served thrco'years ; H. J. Brawull, H. J. Cook, S. Harris, W. T. Hiatt, A. J. Wade, who have completed their second year ; J. Harle, A. W. Butler, S. Cutlibert, J. Goodyear, A. Jolly aud F. Jolly, who have travelled one year. 