FRIDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 29 IN another column will be found a letter signed "Brigham Young's Ghost," and in that letter will be found a query which will at once strike the reader. To us it has sug- gested that a few words upon the I aboriginal question, as it affects the I Territory, may lead to a wholesome alteration, and if our plain English appears offensive to morality, we must plead as an excuse for ap- proaching the subject that what we have to say is intended to place a long-vexed question in rather a different light to that in which it is at present so readily viewed in. So far as we know, only one side of the European VERSUS Aboriginal query, has ever been established, and that certainly shows no favor to- wards the original . owners of the soil we make so free with. Like others, we have been too hasty in condemn- ing the natives for the many mur- ders which have been committed in the Territory, refusing to look at the probability of a white man in the interior participating in an outrage which would (were any other race but an aboriginal thc victim) end in nothing short of the gallows or im- prisonment for life. We call our- selves Christians, and are supposed to be under the government of Chris- tian laws. We' would ask is it Christianity to suppose that wild tribes of blacks should not seek to mete out some punishment to the stranger who has outraged members of their camp. About 20 or 30 years from now we. shall begin to wonder how is it that the original occupants of the country are becom- ing depopulated, and we shall be as loth to look at both sides of the question then as .we are now. Let us take ' a cursory" glance along the overland route. A murder is com- mitted in some,far-away part; the man's body, is founds with a 'spear wound;in it; no enquiry is Held into the cause of the murder, so that it is never known (except, perhaps, by the murdered man's mates who have watched his actions closely) what was the primary cause -which led to his ; death. We have,, heard white men, who considered.; themselves civilised, deliberately make a boast of how they had scattered a camp of aborigines, singled out;a woman, arid followed her until she has been com- pelled to climb a tree to escape bemg outraged ; and if these men are asked if this was the end of the drama, they will relate with evident gusto how the victims to their bar- barity have boen forced from their hiding places by the aid of a rifle. These are the inhuman wretches who have caused the lasting bitterness which now exists between the two races. What is the punishment meted out in such a case happening in the midst of civilisation ? Death, sure and certain. Can we wonder, then, that aboriginals take the same view of even-hauded justice as we do ourselves, and take "an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.". Too often have we heard of this Scrip- tural maxim being cast to the winds by Christians, and in its stead one substituted to suit inclinations. We \ venture to say there are men in the Territory now who could, if they so desired, tell of instances of where armed parties have gone out to seek revenge for a murder committed, and have fired point-blank at a camp of aborigines, men, women, and children being shot down like cattle for slaughter. There are, of course, a great number of instances in which it - has happened that murders and theft have been committed without any other cause than a love for pos- sessing the property of others. But, does it appear a human act on the face of it to take the lives of a dozen in revenge for the deeds of one only. Well might we ask ourselves what is the cause of the coming nonentity of Australian aborigines. The relations between the two races is now on a most complete footing of antagonism, and this will prevail until the weaker side collapses completely. It may not be considered useless to make a few remarks upon the way in which blacks are controlled in our centres of civilisation. Our readers will, no doubt, remember the law case of three weeks ago, in which an aboriginal native girl appeared as plaintiff and her brother as defendant. The plaintiff, together with other young girls, lives in a hut where a number of Malays reside, and refused to go to her original camp, where- upon the defendant substituted force for argument ; and hence the case. Mr. Knight (the presiding magis- trate) gave his decision in the girl's favor ; but the justice of so doing is a matter of opinion. What right have Malays or Europeans to encour- age black girls away from their lawful and proper camp if the parents are unwilling, and, if we are not greatly mistaken, a clause exists in the laws relating to aborigines by which such an action would be con- sidered a misdemeanour, and punish- able by a fine. It is a social scandal, and foreigners are not the only offenders. Onr correspondent has evidently had no other aim in view than to direct the attention of the authorities to the loose manner in which blacks and whites cohabit to- gether, and we can readily see the necessity for wiping out a reproach to morality which certainly reflects little credit npon those who allow it to exist. 