TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Bx Asuodkos. !Tho annual atoeplo.liiao tryst at Flomington, although of only rocont cytablishinOnt, has now sufficiently forccil its superiority to morit wide- sproad recognition from tlio turf world in gouoral, and its cxistonco has dono much towards reliev ing that monotony which in former years pre- vailed regularly during tho succeeding soasons in which King Winter periodically hold sway. As a sporting fixture, thoroforo, tho innovation has met with sympathetic approval from thoso who usually extend their patronuga to tho V, It. C., owners, of horses and the rank and filo of turf goers - aliko, and this afternoon thcro promises to ho forthcoming further evi dence of this pleasing fact. Thoro can bo no denying that tho gathering has also dono much by way of achieving thoso onds which mainly prompted its formation, namely, the im provement of hurdto and aleeplcchaso horses, mho Maiden Bardie Race and Maiden Stccplo- chase havo doubtless contributed liberally in this direction, and hut for tho enterprise of tho premier club in offering liberal stakes for " maidens," very few of thoso who will sport silk thin aftornoon would over havo been placed in training. .It is from this division that futuro "Grand National" winners aro oxpoctcd to graduate. Mr. Byron Mooro has left no stone un turned in his efforts to render tho winter rifiinion as attractive and entertaining as possible, and visiters to Floraington this afternoon will discover that tho customary extensivo preparations havo been made for their convenience. Habitnes will not bo slow to notice the existence of several improvements since tho last pnblic demonstration at Flomington. Tho racccourso is at the present timo in full possession of its mid winter garb, while tho general surroundings uro such as-to everywhere delight tho eye and cheer the imagination. By no means an inconsiderato feature of tho Flemington meetings is tho cater ing, and to-day Mr. 0. D. Strnkcr will bo called upon to givo his patrons aomo idea of tho nature of his purveying capabilities during tho throo years rtyimc recently granted him. Having said so much by way of prelude, it now dovolvcs upon mo to draw attention to tho events which aro expected to gladden tho hearts of so many, thousands who may ho ex pected to patronise head-quarters this aftornoon. Of lato there, have been no competitions calcu lated to enlighten ns with respect to tho probablo destination of 'tho several events embraced in tho hill of fare, and thoso who follow tho perilous oc cupation of selecting winners will, as usnal, bo loft pretty mnch to tlioir own resources. mho neces sarily unknown elements contained in tho two maiden pvonU— the Hurdle Race and Stoople- chsso— will render both theso races difficelt to pick; and on this account tho fielding prospects on behalf of the metallicians aro of on inviting nature. --mho initial item to bo brought forward for consideration is tho Maiden Hurdle Race, tho " honors of which' will causo somo lively competition/. Among tho candidates aro some woll known performers on tho flat, but whose ability over tho small sticks remains comparatively, unknown outside tho limits of their roBpectivo stables, benco their prospects as compared with tho majority of tho absolute "un knowns'' which help to mako up the nomination list aro difficult of reconciliation. Star, Stafford, Tho Ghost, Bassanio, Paganini, Bronda, Bordcrman, Omadhaun and Kit Nub- -blcshayO each and all achiovcd honors of varied grades on the. flat, and if properly educated to tbo jumping bnsiness -their individual eflorts over hurdles would doubtless again bring the host of them'to positions of prominence. Star, by Panic from Morning Star is bred all over liko a jumper, and is moreover well up to woight, so that it would' not ho surprising to know that ho has been transformed ;into a creditable performer over tho sticks. Kit Nubbles and Paganini uro bIbo bred liko stayers, and should hold thoir own provided they aro.au /ait at the leaping bnsiness. Favorable accounts are to band respecting Hazard, "who has bc'on pat aboat as a good thing for somo time past.- Ho is a three-year-old gold- ing, by Eertio out of Adventuress, and will be piloted by Batty, a circumstance which promises to bring him into great favor on tho day. J. Scobio, of Dowling Forest, has three to choose from in, Lady, Teazle, Insolvent and Bordcrman, and tho best of theso will probably tako a deal oi beating/' Paddy Melon hails from tho samo locality,. although ho will bo called upon to do duty bn behalf of Tasmania. At Moonco Valley, Mr. W. S. Cox has. in training Cockboat, a uso- fnl looking son of Ferryboat from bliss Washing ton, of whom his owner has fair hopes. To como to the point, X shall solccttwota beat tho field, namely,' -Hazard and Lady Teazle ; and to win outright' 1 shall olcct to trust to Scobio'a mount, which will probably bo \- LADY TEAZLE, who is spoken of as a gonuino rod in pieklc. The Maiden Steeplechnso is another difficult nut to crack. 'Provided Corrigan mounts his own horso, Adsum, a well bred son of Corsair, I shall ho prepared to see him reach a short prico in the quotations, for- public belief is usually very pronounced in anything which tho popular jockoy chances to throw his legs across npon occasions of this sort. Hope has so ofton battled unsuccessfully against his namesako, and appears to bo going from had to worse, that 1 am begin ning to rogard him as an animal of misplaeod confidonco, and it is oxtremely doubtful if ho will ovor rcoliso tho expectations which havo been formod of him over since he mado his <UMC in the samo raco twelvo months ago, With tho axeeptian of Prido and Tho Baron very iittlo is known of tho remaining candidates, and I shutl rest content to conpio this pair againet the field, awarding tho proforoiico to TRIDE, : In cbnsoquonco of thoro boing no declaration necessary until tbo timo of going to scato, tho handicap events remain in a very open and un settled condition, aud in tho absenco of any duly authenticated market movements thoro is as yet nothing to indicate what direction the est is likely to jump in either tho Grand National Hurdlo Raco, iStoeplochaso or Flat Raco. But for his recent breakdown in Adclaido, Ring- wood would ho very difficult to displaco ill tho Hurdlo Race oven with 12 st. 7 lb., but ono would havo thought that thcaccideat was of too serious a naturo to outitla him to consideration on tho prcsont occasion. Tho issuo will, 1 fancy, rest hctwocn Don Quixote, 11 st. 13 lb. ; Ontario, 10 St. 8 lb.; Prospect, 10 st. 71b.; and Flamborough, 10 st, 5 lb., the beet of which ought to win. . DON QUIXOTE fpr choice, Dowling Forest is bo strongly represented in tlio Grand National Stoopleehaso by Bryan O'Lynn, 11 st. 3 lb.; Kntnnga, 10 at, 10 1b.; Fame, 10 st. 91b.; and Adanm, 10 St., that tho solectcdof this lot promises t» bo very near tho finish of theraco, and to cut matters Bhort i shall cbooso FAME, who showed himself to he a groat horso at tho last Caulfiold mooting. Possibly Corrigan may veigh't oat for Bryan O'Lynn, in which .casa i must stipulate for a transfer of confidonco. Of tho others i cntortain most partiality for General Jackson list. 21b. and Friondless, 9 st. 12 lb. The Selling- Hurdlo Race I would award nncon- ' ditionnlly to MERRI wcro I certain that he would see tho post. It is moro than likely that his owner will not caro about chancing to lose so good a horse, in tho event of which Prospect or Sundowner onght to bo the first to arrest tho judge's attention. Not tho least opon affair on tho programme is the Flat Raco, of ono milo, an ovont likely to attract a largo field of horses. To my mind the best handicapped horses aro Boolka, 9st. 71b,; Plausible, 7 st. 19 lb.; Stationer, 7 st. 9 lb.; and Rognlator, 7 at. 11 lb. The last named has only 7 lb. moro to carry tban when bo won over a fur long more of ground at Elstornwick Park a fort night ago, and accepting this meritorious per formance as a voucher of present form, I cannot do bettor than express a recommendation in favor of REGULATOR. The Clarcnco River Jockoy Club held a very successful two days' meeting on tho Grafton course on Wednesday and Thursday, the 9th and 10th inst. As some of tho horses I havo been pointing out us (loniontly treated by our Vic torian handicapper figured thoro I will givo a briof rcsumi of tho racing Proceedings opened on tho first day with tho Maros' Produce Stakes, three-quarters of a mile, for which Arista (Rougoy— Ariel), Aga and Aomo started, tho last namod bciog tho favorite, but getting no nearer than third, thotriofinishing in theorder given. The Maiden Plato, of one mile and a quarter, then followed, and Agricola being, as I stated last week, a half brother to Ad Valorem, was installed first favorito ; buthe failed to run up to expecta tion, and was dofcatcd by Moonsheo (Gemma di Vergy— Maria) and Raleigh, four otbors being behind him, howovor, and tho distanco being covered in 2 min. 28 see.— a very modium per formance, albeit the courso was heavy after tho reccntrain. The City Handicap, of a miio and a quarter, was tho next ovont on the cord, and for tbiB Prism, a 1 -year-old, with C st. 7 lb. in tbo saddlo, was very firm at 5 to 2 ; Hast ings, 9 st. 0 lb. , and Hilltop, S st, 3 lb., following hard withal at 3 to 1. Tho winner turned up in a 7 to 1 chanco though, Sir Edward (Gemma di Vergy— Rosomary), 4 years, 0 st. 12 lb., gotting homo in front of Prism, Hilltop and eight others in 2 min, 22 see., the soft course just suiting tho weak hoofs of tho winner. After this victory tho first horso saddlod up for. tho next item, tho Grand Stand Handicap, nine furlongs, hut Hilltop (Maribyriiong— Lady Belmore) also put in an ap pearance, and carrying S st. 10 lb. to his previous victor's 7 st. 71b., be turned tho tables on him, Prince Leopold, (i years, 7 st. 4 lb.,' separating tho pair, and four otbors finishing in tho roar. The Clarence Rivor- Jockey Club Derby, which wound up the first day's divorsion, was only contested by His Worship( Warlike— Azolia) and Argandab, tho first named slipping ail over the courso and win ning in a cantor by a dozon lengths. On tho second day Prince Leopold appropriated tho open ing ovont; tho Hurdlo Knee, beating Chesterfield and Falcon over two miles and a quarter, in 5 min. 19J sect Seven started for tho Sires' Pro- duco Stakes, three-quarters of a mile, and ou thiB occasion Agricola (Reugny— Azalia) was iu tho humor, and.won easily by three lengths. For tho Clarenco River Jockoy Club Handicap, of two miles, eight horses faced tho starter, nnd one'o more did' Hilltop, who carried 7 st. 13 lb., suc ceed in catching tho judge's, eyo first, Prism 6 st., and Raleigh, 6 st. 4 lb., being his nosiest attendants. Hilltop won this in a canter by four lengths in 3 min. 50J soe. After Serf (by Misty Morn) had settled the pretensions of Lochinvar and Widijawakb'ia tho Nojrol Soiling Raco, onco round the-conrso, Princoss of Lorno (Captivator — Princess Loniso), 6 yrs., G st. 8 lb/, ran olean away from Prism, Sir Edward and soven others in the concluding race of tho mooting, tho Flying Handicap, once round the course (about nino furlongs);' - Aftor a lengthened postponement thoi Liverpool (N.S.W) Jockey Club races were brought off on Saturdaylast, "boforo a "molcrato attendance. Tho courso was oxtromoly heavy. "Only two started for the first event, the Liverpool Hurdlo Race, and the' favorito, "Uhlan, persisting in running rounil his jumps, Right Bower eventually won by over half a milo. Stella and Rovengc ran a desperato raco for tho Public Auction S'nkcs, . . of ono milo, the former securing tho .verdict by a nock ; tho Gold being composed, of Parolo, Sling , and Tho Demon. Onr old friond Dizzy appropriatod'tho. George's River Handicap, of a mile and a half; in a very hollow fashion, Boseawen, Rosinanto,. Palarcnda, Floronca and Darkio finishing in' order. Tho Novol Race, of six furlongs, resulted in a dead'hoat between Rovougo and a two-year/ old coltol Mr. A. F. Smart's, named Ncpicallina; Kestrel, SHverdaloj Bonifaco, Pirate aud Abbess, boing tho other competitors. Emilias, who seems to be in a winning humor just at present,, bowlod over Boscawon, Darkio and threo- others for tho last raco,- tho Flying Handicap, of'six furlongs, for which race ho started, a warm favorito at 7: to 4 on. ' v' ""' ; When delivering judgmont in tho appeal caso ofthaQuoon v. Barnard, by which the dofen- dnnt was fined in Adelaide under tho Totalisator Repeal AcL for hotting in an enclosed spaco ou tho Morphettvillo courso in May last, tho Full Court remarked as follows " Wosro allot opinion that tho case must bo snsworod in favor of the appellant. If it bo a public evil that mombors of tho South Australian Jockoy Club and Tattorsalt's should bo permitted to bot in such nn cnclosu.'o as this, thon it is competent for tho Logiaiataro to pass an enactment prohi biting it ; but until it is so prohibited, thoro is no broach of tlio law, It is not for this court to say that hotting at all times nud in all plnccB is — " f I II I III I . . Ill to bo punishable. If tho Legislature aro do- termincd to say that any person hotting in aily part of tho world, public or private, within hoar' ing of any public placo, shall bo liable to a penalty, it will bo easy for them Id do so, and then pcoplo will havo to bet itt b whisper, as they may bo advised. But tho trans action described in thi3 caso cannot by any pes'- jjiblo twisting of tho words bo brought within tho meaning of this act, and tho wholo matter seems . ' to us to bo absurd." In another colnmn will bo fonnd a list of tho . horsos still loft in tho various races to bo con tested at tho V.R.C. Grand National Meeting on Saturday. To qiiotofroma very "raoy"sIip which has boon forwarded to mo, tho meoting promises to eclipse any of its prodcccssors, not only in the matter of arrangement of programme, but also ill tbo value of its prizes, tho number of horsos engaged in each of its events, and in tho character and quality of tho animals therein competing. Very wisely at this season tho Victoria Racing OInb offers special prizes for maiden horses, both as hurdlo racers and steeplechasers. That each , yoar increases the popularity of those races the entries show, and givon fino weather such a cross country carnival will be held as has never yet been scon even at famous Flemington. Tbo committee of tho South Australian Jockey Club mot on the 9th inst. and decided to carry on operations for anothor twelvo months, trusting that during tho interval tho prosent obnoxious Totalisator Act may bo ropoalad. The secretary hssBtatod that ho will carry on tho duties of his office gratuitously for that term, and it is con sidered probablo that Mr. Huglios, tho handi- eappor, will dq the samo. No entries will at prcsont bo called for tho Derby and S.A. Stakes of 188D, or tho St. Legor of .1886, though tho pro- grammo for tho Spring Meeting of tho present yoar will shortly be published. This is chcoring news indeed. I would call tho attontion of owners and trainers ' to tho fact that ontrios for various events at tho Hawkosbury Raco Club Spring Meet ing, to bo held on the Clarendon courso on the 21st and 23rd August noxt, closo at tho office of tho H.R.C., Richmond; A.J.O., Sydney, and V.R.O., Melbourne, at fonr p.m. on Wednesday, the 30th inst. Thoy consist of— First day: Hurdlo Raco, of 100 sovs,, with a sweop of 3 sovs. each for starters, second horso 15 sovs. from tho prize, two miles ; Public Auction Stakes, of' ' 125 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs., socond horso " 10 sovs. from tho prizo, winnor to be sold .. for 150 sovs., soiling aliowancss, ono mile; Maiden Plato, of 100 sovs., with a swoep of 3 sovs., for all maidens ou day of general entry, penalties for winning after entrance— onco 5 lb,, twieo or moro 7 lb., second horso 15 and third ' horso 5 sovs. from tho prizo, woight for ago, H milo. Socond day: Two-year-old Stakes of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs., second horso 25 and third horso 10 sovs. from the prizo, for thon two-yoar-olds, colts 7 St. 10 lb., fillies 7 st. 81b.,. half a milo; Members' Handicap, of 100 sovs,, with a swoop of 3 sovs. oaoh, second horso 10 and thinl horso 5 sovs. from the prize, 7 fur longs; Disposal Stakes, of 125 sovs., with a sweop of 2 sovs., second horso 10 sovs. from the prize, winner to bo sold for 150 sovs., selling allowances, 6 furlongs ; and tho Ladies' Bracelet, the winnor to roooivo a bracelet of tho valno of 50 sovs., second horso a bracolot of tho value of 30 so vs., and tbo third a br.icelot of tbo value of 20 sovs., nominations to bo madr by ladies, l.f milo and 55 yards. Tho woighti" for the -Hurdlo Raco aro to ho dee'arod on or- boforo tho 14th August, thoso for tho M-inbcrs' Handicap and Ladies' Bracelet after the first - day-'s racing. A novol feature o£ tbo prizes in tho last namod event is that tho winnor will re- ceivo a cheque for tho amount of tho prizo should " bo desiro it. For the Two-year-old Stakes a now track, with tho first quarter of a milo por/ectly straight, hiB been mado. Mr.'H. Byron Mooro lias male arrangements with tho Railway department whereby visitors from tho country to tho Grand National Meeting will boabla to travol at holiday excursion fares, ' and, as the return tiokots will bo availablo untit . - Monday night.no doubt- the concession will bo taken full advantage' of. It will bo noticed by- our index of races : to . J. come that tho Ballarat club aro to hold a winter- - steoplechasc mooting oh the i2tU ahd'13th Sop/ ' tombor. : Merman was struck out of the Melbourne Cop ; at a qnartor to one o'clock on Saturday after noon.' " . Tho booths, gatos, and outer carriago paddock in connection with tho Y.R.C. Grand' National Mooting wore sold on Monday at Kirk's Bazaar, -j by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. The follow ing prices wore realised :— No. Ga. booth on hill,; ' Mr. Gobio, £12 ; No. 1 booth on hill, Mr. Skin'-' ' nor, £16 ; No. 4 booth on hill, Mr. Slicehaii, £1-1; " No. 7 booth on hill, Mr, O'Brien, £10 ; No. 9 A' booth on bin, Mr. Skinner, £10 ; No. G. booth on fiat, Mr. Skinner, £5 ; outer carriage paddock; Mr. Higgins, £8 10s.; gates, Mr. E. Samuel,.. £35. " Tlio steeplechaser,- Groat Western was sub mitted to auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, and was purchased by Mr. E. M. Bond for £52 10s. ' Lizettehas also ohangod hands, the price boing / y given as 250 guiuoas, and Mr. Morris Jacobs ' , reported to bo tho purohasor, Nicholas, by- Robinson Crusoe from Dagmar..- has been added to the list— at tho stnd.. \- Sydney Tattersall's Club aro again in tho fielc ' with a meeting to bo held at Rand wick on tin 9tb August, when tho following interesting item: v will como on for discussion '.—Handicap Hurdlo . Raco, of 100 sovs., with, a. swoop of '3 sovs. each '/ for startora added, socond horso 15 sovs. from the : prizo ; two 'miles. Tramway Handicap, of 100 1;/, sovs. , with a swoop of 2 sovs, nddod, socond horso -. 30 sovs. from tho prizo ; three-quarters of a mile. - . Selling Race, oi 100 sovs., with a swoop of .-.2' sovs., winuT to bo sold by auction for 100 . ' boys., soiling allowances ; ono milo. Tatter- . i sail's Two-year-pld Stakes, of 150 sovs., with n- sweop of .3 sovs. each, for .'then '- two-year-olds, socond horso 25 sovs. from , tho prizo ; colts, 7 Bt. 10 lb. ; fiUies and goldings, .» 7 at. Sib.; half a mile ; and the Loitus Handi cap, of 150 bovs., with a swoep of 2 sovs. eaoh added, second horse 30 and third horso 15 sova , from tho prizo, tho winnor of tho Tramway v Handicap to carry a penalty of 7 lb. ; ono mile and a atiarter. The cutranco for oach race is 1 tov,, nttd entries must bo made before four p.m. on Tuesday, 2Dtb July, with tho socrolary bfTaltcrsall's Club (Mr. James Perry), Pitt-street, Sydney. Weights are to be doclarcd on or before Monday, 4th August. ' The samo club have also issued their manifesto JforTattdrsairs Club Cup, which is to be ran for on the 1st January, 1SS5. It is a handicap of COOsovs,, with a sweepstakes of 10 sovs, each, half forfeit, or no liability if dcclarcd"by,fonr p.m. on day of general entry, together with a cup ralne 100 sovs., presented by Mr. Joiin Thomp son ; second horse toreccivcSOsovs, and third horse 20 sovs; from tho prize. Distance, two milo3. A winner of any handicap race after the declara tion of the weights, of tho value of 100 sovs., to Carry 3 lb. extra ; of tho value of 200 sovs., 51b. extra ; of the value of 500 sovs., 7 lb. extra, non- accumulative. Weights to be declared after Muf- ynmbidgee Turf Club Spring Meeting. Nomina tions arc to be sent to the secretary of Tatter- Ball's Club, Pitt-street, Sydney, or to the secre tary of. tho V.R.C., Bonrke-streot west, Mel bourne, beforo four p.m. on Thursday, 16tU October, The entrance fee is only 1 sov. The officials of Canterbury Park have adver tised a programmo for Saturday, 13th Soptombor, a week after the Metropolitan gathering, and I liavo no donbt the chance will be accepted by BOtno Victorian owners to hare a cut in for the good things provided. These will consist of tho Spring Stakes, a handicap sweep of 3 sots.,' with . 75 sovs. added, six furlongs and a half ; Selling Saco, of. 100 sots,, with a sweop of 2 sovs, each lor slartors, selling allowances, ono mile ; tho Septemhor Handicap, c sweep of 2 sovs. each, with 75 sovs. added, for three and four year olds, Bovonfurlongs ; Railway Handicap, a sweep of 5 sftvs.. each, with 125. sovs. added, one .mile and three furlongs, and tho Ladies' Prize, a bracelet value 50 sovs. for tho winner, and a bracelet value 15 sovs. for the second horse, a welter han dicap, lowest weight 6 st. 7 lb., distance ono milo and a auarter. Such a hill of fare should secure, capital entries, more especially ns second horses are also provided for. Entries, enclosing entrance lee of 1 sov. for each race, must be made with the Ion. secretary, Mr, L.Davis, atTattersall'sClub, Pitt-street, Sydney, beforo four p.m. on Thurs day, 23th August. The Wyndhani Racing Club have altered tho dato of their meeting from the 9th August to the . 20 th July. 1 At tho annual meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Clnb, hold on the 7th inst,, a very satis factory balanco shcot was produced. The totali zator had been in use during tho Summer Meeting pf tho club, tho result being an addition to the funds of £100. It is satisfactory to find that in New Zealand tho goneral .opinion is that their horses havo not boon badly used in the Melbourne Cap handicap. Xivorpool especially i3 thought leniently treated with only G st. 3 lb. to carry, and it is considered that the handicapper scarcely knew tho horse's performances or ho would not have placed him on levol terms with his stable companion Eskatos. The preliminary announcement of the Bendigo jjockey Club Spring Meeting, to be held on tho Rpsom course on the '2Gth and 27th November, appears in this issue. The Sandhurst Cup of 200 sovs., ono mile and a quarter and a distance, and fho Bendigo Handicap of 120 sovs., one milo and a distance, aro, of coSrse, tho specialties of tho Occasion, but there aro a number of other events which are bound to call forth hearty responses from owners and trainers. Mr. T. Haydou, the secretary of tho Victorian Trotting Club, also announces tho Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes of 1SS6, which i3 a sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each from the sire3 Walter Scott, \an Moltke Jun,, Contractor, Vermont Jun., Boccaccio and Len Rose, with a eweopstakea of 5 sovs. each, 1 forfeit, for the produce of such sires got in the season of 18S2. The stakes is to he trotted for at the Spring .Mooting of the V.T.C., 186G. Names and des criptions of foals are to bo sent to tho secretary beforo four p.m. on Friday, tho 1st prox. I I'lamborougk put in an appearance at Slemington at tho beginning of .tho week, I availed myself of the opportunity to interview tho dual hurdle race winner in his quarters at he Racecourse Hotel. Ho certainly does Jlot give ono tho idea that ha is a stayer, though in the course of conversation with ais trainer, and jockey, Emsworth informed Xne that ho would be better pleased woro tho journey twice tho distance. His custodian is certainly very confident of Flamborough's ability . ito beat all the top weights, tho only antagonist be dreads being Tho Agent, "though," said he, I think I can do him." I give this opinion to xny roadors with no other remark save this— that it is an opinion worth noticing, for Emsworth is tho Batty of New South Wales. Owing to jockeys of tho Archer stamp putting On too much adiposo tissue, tho weights for the last English Derby were raised to 9 st. for colls and 8 st. 9 lb. for fillies. General cntrio3 for tlio mooting nnder the pSsprcea of tho Doniliquin Jockey Clnb on the £2sd and 2„rd inst. close on Monday next. Mr. T. Boiboy brongkt over a pair of clinkers JB Stockwoll and Bagot (now Malna) for the Mel bourne Cup of two yoars ago, and as Anchorite r 19 by 8t- A">ans out of Quoon Mary, is not ptcptthbio for 500 guineas, and his owner has ex- jnwsed himself as quito satisfied at tho wefektB Apportioned his colt in tho Caulfield and Mel bourne Caps, I must certainly class this Tasma- fliau amongst the dangerous division. Tho billiard tournament amongst tho mem bers of tho Victorian Club, which has boon dra wing its weary length along for some weeks past, was brought to a conclusion on Friday last. Tho final match, between Mr. I. Lyons and Mr. S. Rarnabury— the lattor with 10 points advantage— was won by Mr. Lyons with 37 points to spare. .1.. ' ' 'bo Tasmanian, considers that, with the excoption of Ringwood, tho Tasmanian fioraos have nothing to grumble at in tho weights allotted them for tiro Cauifiold Cop, and expresses his belief that if well on tho day Blink Bonny, at 7 st. 31b., will take a tremendous lot Of boating, Tho now allotment of posts for tho Hill book- Htakers will be maao at half-past eleven o'clock this morning, priority of choice to bo decided on tho ground. Great improvements bavo gkeen effected in this respect also, the stands being placed on the inclino of tho hill, which will pre vent the excessive crowding koretoforo expo, perienced, and provo a special boon to investors. This well known raco horse, owned by Mr. W. Bailoy, of Ballarat, died on Thursday from infiammalion of the intestines. ,r Tho brother to Malua had bcon on the sick list for somo timo past, albeit bo was supposed to he recovering satisfactorily . until Thursday morning, when he was observed to bo.iu a helpless condition in his box. Mr.. R. Howie, his trainer, iinmcdialoly procured veterinary assistance, but without avail, as tiro horse expired shortly alter the arrival at Miners' Real of Mr. Snowball, of Ballarat. Mr. Bailey's loss is a severe one, for although Stock- well's racing career was at an end; ho promised to be of use at the stnd, whoro his brpeding- would hare rendered him invaluable. Stockwoll was always considered to he superior . to his brother Malua when both wcro the proporty of Mr. T. Reibey, of Tasmania, bnt sinco. tho deceased son of St. Albans became, the property, of Mr. . W. Bailey ho never ckancod to bo himself, otherwise he would probably have distinguished himself to the samo extent as Malna. Stockwell was . en gaged in the Melbourno Cap at 8 st. .9 lb. . Despite his wonderful circuit of the sand track, which he accomplished in 2 min. 32 see.— identically the same as First Water's trial before he won the Australian Cup— Tho Agent has been scratched for tho "moral certainty." Tho Ballarat division put in an appearanco at Flemington on Thursday, . Scobio brought down Bordcrman; Insolvent, Katunga, Lady Teazle, Star and Ringwood. Fame and Prospect are the only two of T. Wilson's that I havo seen; so tiiut the Brian O'Lynn bubble; would seem to liavo burst, v i Capri, Mountebank and Lc Grand have been scratched for tho Metropolitan Stakes. All horses not scratched for : the Grand National Meeting before cloven o'clock on Satur-. day morning will bo liable for the sweep, \- Only a moderate amount of business has been done in the batting market during the weok over tho Grand National meeting, the' Watorloo Cup . occupying the principal attontion'.of the metal- licians. The groat medium was of coarse tho. double Grand Natianal Hurdlo and Steeple, tho favorite selection being Ringwood and Katunga, which has been supported np.to 100 to, 5," - Tho Agent and Lizotlo also came with a rattle on Tuesday, and tho support awarded. them short-, encd the price to 100 to 4. Don Quixoto, Lady. Toazle, Ontario, Tho Jokor and "Star havo. also, claimed attention, coupled with Fame, Friend-: loss, Katunga, Lizetta and Union. ; Wagering on the Spring evonts is dormant for the present. .. 