MISCELLANY OF NEWS. The details of Mr. G. A. Snla's Australian tour have now been definitely Arranged, and the distinguished journalist will leavo England for tho Antipodes in tho spring of 1885. Ho is much bantered by confreres as to his deficiency ill elocution, and- with t.lin nlnrlr that always characterises him, ho has con sented to take lessons from an intimate friend in the mysteries of tho Demosthenic art. His fityle will bo that of Irvine in "Tho Bells." fa Tho Minister of Defenco lma received a communication from Mr. W. Beilby, second assistant teacher at the Carisbrook Statu school, in which tho writer, after expressing a belief that many country teachers would very much like to aid in carrying out the military policy of the present Government if proper facilities were given, offers, in connection with the proposal to form cadet corps, tho services of a fifo and drum band which has been formed at the'school, The band comprises be tween 35 and 40 boys, who have been instructed by Mr. Beilby freo ot charge. Ho suggests that, if the offer bo entertained, the attendance of tho boys at battalion parades could bo secured by extending to them tho privilego enjoyed by the other branches of the service, namely that of travelling free by railway when in uniform. As to home drills, he mentions that, having been competitors for the Sargood Shield at tho last meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association, tho boj's already possess either W estley -Rich aids or Martini-Henry carbines. Mr. Sargood has directed that Mr, Beilby be thanked for his offer, which is to be laid bofore the Cadet Coqis Committee, A correspondent from New Zealand writes: — " Oneof themost extraordinary acts is being perpetrated by our Premier and Colonial Trea surer (Major Atkinson). At a time when tho colony is full of troublo and financial difficul ties fltfintlff It in t.lin f n no < tolmn flinra Jan ai»u throughout the length and breadth of tho land for amendment to our existing land laws, Major Atkinron proposes to itinerate New Zea land to lecturo on federation just aB he did upon compulsory national insurance with a poll tax, Such an act will bo too trying for public patience, when a Colonial Treasurer is anxiously looked to to deal with a rapidly fulling revenue and an education system that has been permitted to drift into a state of con fusion and almost helpless embarrassment. With theso and other grave necessities staring us in the face the people of this country have no inclination to attempt to solve the pro found problem which is to work out the scheme of federation," Tiif. Dean of Westminister has received nearly £100 in sixpences in response to his appeal to replace tho Bishop of Sydney's lib rary of some 2000 volumes, which was lost in the foundering of the Simla. Tho Queen has contributed a number of theological and other works, which will be duly forwarded to Bishop Barry, at Sydney. The following letter, expressing . dissatisfac tion with tho mail service to Sydney, is pub lished in tho Standard : — " Sir — For some time past I have been greatly perplexed and annoyed through complaints reaching me from Sydney, New South Wales, a. to tho irregular manner in which my letters have been received, and now that I have an ex planation of the delaya I shall esteem it a great favor if you will kindly alford mo a space in your paper to ventilate my grievance, as by so doing 1 cannot help thinking you will bo conferring a great benefit upon many, and possibly lead to a remedy being effected of what appears jirimd facie to bo disgraceful system, and one that is entirely misleading to the public. With your permission I will give an oxtraot from a letter received on the morning of 4th February, dated Sydney, 27th December, 18S3, being only 39 dayscu route : — 'We received on 21th December letters from you, dated 19th and 25th Octobor and 2nd and 8th November, all by tho City of Sydney from San Francisco, tbns mnking your first letter (19th October) just GO days in transit. Tho 'Frisco' mails are subsidised, and while letters can he sent cheaper by this line tho delays will continue, as these old slow boats only run once a month.' I may mention that I had no idea that tho nhovs letters were forwarded rid San Francisco,, hut supposed that tlioy went forward by the boats for Victoria on "abovo dates as P. O. daily lists, and thence by land. In any case thcro must bo a screw loose somewhere for a letter to take GG days to reach Sydney, whilst tho letter bringing news of the delay only occupied 39 days. — I- am, Sir, your obedient servant — A. W. W., Lon don, 10th February." Tho Echuca shiro council have decided to give a sum of £300 towards tho erection of a contagious diseases hospital on the local hos pital reserve. Tho borough council have voted a similar amount. A iiEruiiN obtained l»y. tho Government shows that the New Zealand Education Boards spend ono twelfth part of tho whole income of the colony. It is proposed that only primary Bcliools shall be supported at the expense of the State, and then only those children nro to bo free from foes whoso parents nro ablo to provo tlioy nro not iu a position to pay. Those who want more than tho three "It's" will havo to pay tho cost for themselrcB. Tho feeling of the whole country goes with the proposal. A " fashionable wedding" took placo on the l-lth of November at Currituck, Hydo County, New Carolina ; tho bridegroom boing ' a wealthy young cotton planter, and tho bride ono of the most beautiful young ladies in tho district. Tho wedding went off very well j but not so a banquet that followed in the evening,- tho oujoyment of which was much marred by ono or two disagreeable in cidents. A dilfcrcnce of opinion arose among somo of tho guests as to whethor the "gor- man" or cotillion Bhould bo danced nftcr supper. Angry words passed . and tho dis cussion at last became so warm that revolvers were drawn and several shots fired. Mr. Charles Ballance, tho bridegroom's "best man," was, unfortunately, killed by a random shot, and Mr. Thomas Sodan, another of the groomsmen, was mortally wounded. Whon the Bmoke cleared away and the bodies of the two young mon were seen lying on tho floor all angry feeling at once subsided and a ory aroso for "the doctor." Unfortnnatoly tho nearest physician lived 25 miles away, and, although several of the guests good-naturedly galloped off to fetch him, some hours elapsed before ho arrived at the house. When at last ho made his appearance ho found the wounded1 man being carefully nursed by thobrido and: bridegroom, who sat up all night by his bod.' side and wero unremitting iu their attention to the suirerer. The doctor, however, at first sight pronounced Mr. Sedan's caso hopeless, and of course could do nothing for Mr. Ballance, whose dead body was laid out in tho parlour awaitingtbocoroner's investigation. Great sympathy is felt for tho bride and bridegroom, who took no part in tho shooting nnd aro sinccroly grieved by tho traoio affair, The following incident of the Soudan cam paign is given by a correspondent of tho Daily Acta, writing from Trinkitafc " A young Arab spy was discovered outsido our camp lying on tho sand. Although only a boy of 15 years, ho fought desperately when sur rounded, and wounded one man willi his spear. He was himself bayoneted, and is not ex pected to recover. His gallant behavior ex cited tho admiration of tho entire force. When asked if lie wanted anything, lie replied, Lpt., no spear ono Egyptian before I die.' This is a good example of tho spirit animating; the people whom wo aro going to fight with our inferior troops," The report is confirmed that all tho Merv Turcoman tribes have agreed to rccogufso llussian rule. This decision is duo partly to the popularity of the Governor-General of Turkestan and tho policy which he has pur- oued, and partly to tho mediation of tho Khan of Khiva, hut it is aitributablo in an evon greater degree tothegraclousrcception accorded to tho Turcoman Envoys on tho occasion of the Czar's coronation. Miss Leslie Ayeii, tho daughter of tho fato Dr. J . C. Ayor, of Lowoll and pill fame, of Now York, who is worth 10,000,000 dollars, was married on 5th February to Lieut.- Commandor Frederick Pierson, of the navy. MiBS Ayer, tlioy assure us, has refused no end of foreign potentates, if tho New York re porters know anything about her affairs. presented by Mr. P. Perkins, the late Minis ter of Lands (writes a Queensland correspon dent), the whole election was declared void, and a new ono was ordered, tho result being that Mr. Campbell, Mr. Perkins's opponent at the general election, was elected unopposed, no- other candidato having the courage in the face of tho revelations which came out before tho committee to contest the election. The good old plan of polling early and often was carried out on a very liberal scale. The Elections and Qfialifications Committee's report showed that 37 persons voted twice, representing 74 votes ; 10 persons voted three times, or 30 votes ; 9 persons votod fonr times, or 3G votes ; 2 per sons- votod five times, or 10 votes; and 1 oncrgotio individual polled six times, tho 59 voters representing 15G votes. In the case o£ the Cook election one of tho Opposition can didates was ousted hy tho committee, a Mi nisterial opponent, also a Campbell, being de clared duly elected. Thus the Government have practically gained four votes. The Duke of Westminster, presiding at the annual meeting on board the Clio, training ship, at Chostor, on tho 15th February, said it was satisfactory to find out of GU0 boys whose names had been upon the books 300 had gono through their training, nnd oE that number 233 had entered tho merchant service, and 7 tho Royal Navy. Another of tho old school of engravers has passed away in the person of Professor Gustav Liideritz, who died at Berlin last week. He had just entered his 82nd year. He was a pupil of Buehhorn, and afterwards, in Paris, of Richomme. He took something of tho same plnco in Germany which Mr. Cousins, who ia two years his senior, holds among ourselves, as the last of the great school of mezzotinters. It . was io London that Liideritz completed hie education as un engraver, and he was accus tomed to say that thcro were secrets in tho rocking of the copper plate which were only known to Englishmen. lie has been professor uf engraving at the Berlin Academy for more than 30 years. At tho 21st nnnnal commencement of the Philadelphia College of DontiBtry, in Feb ruary, Raymond and Ernest Tovcll, sons of Dr. O. I. Tovcll, of Brighton, nftcr passing the various examinations, wero admitted as doctors of dental surgery. Theso gentlemen aro the first Victoriau graduates in dentistry. An amusing defeat of tho American spiritualist, Mr. Bustian, announced from Vienna, where for some time tho eminent: medium hnB been tho cause of much discussion among tho higher and highest classes of society. The Crown Prince of Austria and Archduke John, having determined to sonnd - tho mysteries of Mr. Bastion's art, arranged three seances at the Archduke's rcsideuco, Tho first was held without any revolutions, ' but before tho second meeting began prepara tions were secretly mndo to entch tho ghost in a trap. After tho Belect audicnco had gathered in a dimly lighted room a spirit clad in a garb of mourning silently entered, wliilo the medium wns apparently lying in tho next room stilt and fast asleep. This room was separated from tlmt in which tho nudienco was assembled by a curtained doorway through which tho ghost paBsed. In this entrance tho conspirators, however, had fixed a secret door, which they could shut sileutty and instantly by touching a spring. While the mournful ghost was flitting before tho owe struck assembly, this door was suddenly -shut, nnd tho ghos'l, who stood revealed its Mr. Bastian, vainly endea vored to mako his escape. Tho merriment of tho company know- no bounds when tho me dium's shoes alone wero found in tho noxt room, where a few moments bofore Mr. Bas tian had been lying in mesmeric sleep. The depression in spiritualistic circles ja naturally very great. Gun Boat Trial.". — A series of interesting trials has taken placo during tho past woek, 011 tho Tyne, tho subjects boing tho two steel twins screw gun beats, tho Victoria nnd the Albert, just completed for the Victorian. Government by Messrs. Armstrong, Mitohell, nnd Company. Tho vessels are of 530 tons nnd 350 tons respectively, tho engines, which havo boon suppliod by Messrs, It. and \V. Haw thorn, being of 550 and 350 horsepower, while caoh vessel is thoroughly equipped with guns of suitable calibre. Tho speed attained at the trials was 12 knots aud 10 knots per hour re spectively. After the Bpecd trial, each vessol was put through a series of manoiuvres for the purposo of tcstiug its powors of action, the gunB forming tho armament of each being also tested. The Victoria turned a complote circle to port, having a diameter of 250 yards, In 8& minutes, — iicc/iaiucai World, 31st Jan, 