l-Ivawkhld Pst;. 'My brain is all confused. Come with me up to her room, ir. Sherwald. Every thing is as she left it. You shall see that even her jewellery is there, and you will com prehend, as I do, that her flight was but an impul.e of her fever. Come.' Desmond arose and took up a lamp from his table and led the way upstairs. He had the key of Beryl's room in his pocket, and unlocked her door and ushered Sherwald within. The alcove in which stood the bed was shut off by the glazed doors. The grate was empty. The room was chilly and desolate. One trunk, strapped and labelled, stood near the door. The dressing bag-a wedding-gift to Beryl from Desmond -stood on the table. Another trunk stood open in the centre of the room to receive the wedding garments. The wedding-robe was thrown upon a sofa in a careless heap. In the tray of the open trunk was the brief remnant of the jewellery that had belonged to Beryl's mother, and ,vhich had been given to Beryl by her uncle, William Star, uptnthe occasion of her memorable visit to Starwood Some of this jewellery had been soid to procure the garments necessary for Beryl's second marriage, but a few pieces still remained. It was impossible to resist the conviction that when Beryl had stolen out of this room she had intended to go to her death. The trunks were neatly packed for travelling. Not a change of garments had been taken. 'Is her purse gone ?' asked the solicitor. 'It's on the table, empty,'said Desmond. Beryl's old pocket-book, indeed, lay there. She had procured a new one before her second marriage, the old one being too shabby for further use; and, as has been explained, the new pocket-book, with over forty pounds in money in it, had been in the pocket of her trvelling-suit when she had fled. Sherwald examined the empty purse, and wandered about the room, examining object after object. He came to the open trunk, and having asked permission, looked over the little store of jewels. ' She would not have left these ifher flight had been premeditated,' he thought. 'Of course, the poor girl, in a paroxysm of brain fever, went and drowned herself. Desmond looks as if he were going mad. Ah I these are valuable trinkets for a girl like her to possess.' There was a set of silver filagree jewellery, broken and discolored, as it had come to Beryl. It was of small value now, save as a momento. But the article of most importance was a necklace of tiny gold beads in tiny cubes, each cube set with a minute diamond spark. The clasp was set with a larger gem of the purest water. The ornament was very quaint and peculiar, and attracted Sherwald's keen attention. He turned it over in his hands, seeking to find an inscription on the clasp, or amid the delicate engraving covering each golden cube, but he found none. Desmond did not leed his absorption, having covered his face with his hands. 'Was this a gift to Mrs. Desmond from you, siir ?' asked Sherwald, at last, holding up the necklace on his hands. Desmond started and looked up, shaking his head. ' I never saw it before,' he said, hollowly, and hlaid his face again. ' Will you lendit to me for a day or two ?' asked the solicitor, eagerly. 'I will return it soon.' Desmond nodded assent. Sherwald rolled up the necklace in a bit of paper, and stowed it in his pocket. The two presently returned to Desmond's room. They had scarcely done so when the post man's knock was bheard, and the housemaid came hurrying up with a letter for Mr. Des mond. Sherwald took it at the door, and delivered it to his host. The young man took it idly, glanced at the address, and sprang tip as if galvanized, his face flushed and wild. 'Fromher ! from her i' he ejaculated. ' She is not dead. He tore open the the letter and devoured its contents. ' Not dead ! oh, what an exquisite relief I' he said, when he had read it again and again. ' It is as I thought. She wandered away in her fever. She meant to kill herself, but did not. She has a vagary of her fever still, but she says she has found shelter. Oh, my dar ling, my love, my wife, where is she ?' He gave the letter into the solicitor's hands, and began to pace the floor in a wild excite ment. Sherwald read the letter attentively, every faculty sharpened to excessive keeness. He saw no vagary of fever in that profound despair of Berryl's. He started when he read her announcement that she had seen• her husband, whom she had believed dead, at the very door of the church after her mar riage to D)esmrnond. His face changed colour when he read the name of Vane Conroy as the name of her first husband. 'Poor child ! My pioor fever-stricken little wife ' said Desmond, in a fever of yearning. You see her chimera? She had worked too hard, and had not been well nourished. She fell ill from over-excitement, and doubt less fancied that her first husband had come back from his grave to reirpach her for her too speedy marriage with another I Where can she have fonnd refuge? Has some good samaritanl taken her in? Or is she in evil hands ? I must go the police at once with this new clue.' H-e seized his hat as h2 spoke. 'Wait,' said Sherwald, pityingly. *My dear Mir. Desmond, you go upon the ground that yourl-that this lady is delirious. Let us talk the matter over. D)id she see her husband buried after his death ?' No, they never found liis body. ft slipped into a crevasse. 'Ah I Can you bear my opinion, Mr. Desmond?-thoughl it's ogy my opinion. I think she is not deliriochs at all-only nearly wild with despair.' ' How\\-what ?' ' I think,' said Sherwald, steadily, 'that her former husband was not killed in Switzerland-that he counterfeited death to get rid of her-that he was in London-that she has seen him.' [ ' Oh, Heaven, have pity !'f Desmond dropped into a chair, weak as if one dying. There was water on the table. The solicitor filled a glass and placed it to the young man's lip . ' Leave me,' said Desmond, in a whisper* ' I want to be alone.' Sherwald longed to utter words of com fort. but here he was dumb. He stole out of the room softly, as it from the presence of a dying man. He returned to his cab to his own chambers, in a wide court off High Holborn, and very near to Lincoln's Inn Fields. It was an eminently respectable court, thronged with barristers, solicitors, and attorneys-at law, representatives of every department of law from the highest to the lowest. There were wigs and gowns moving about the dull quiet old court, clerks, students, and even office-boys, yet the quietness and dulluess were not at all enlivened. Mr. Sherwald alighted at the entrance of the court, and walked on to the middle of the court, entering a tall, dingy brick edifice, whose door-pists were. covered with small gold- lettered signs. He went up the dusty stairs to the second floor, and 'entered a room at his right hand. This was his office, and diftered in no re spect from the offices of other..solicitors and attorneys. There were two high desks, but one only was occupied. A tall, lank clerk was standing upright, and was hard at work, copying folios. He looked- up at his em ployer's entrance, bowed respectfully, an swered a few questions, and resumed his work. Mr. Sherwald threw off his hat arid over coat, warmed his hands at the dull fire, and said : 'If Lord Hawkhurst should-drop in show, him into my private room, Hallet. I will see no one else to-day.' The clerk acknowledged that. he heard the injunction, and the solicitor pissed into the adjpining room. This was a sort of wait ing-room. It possessed no windows, no fire, only a few leather- covered chairs, a desk and a- table. A solitary gas-light relieved its dreariness. Here Mr. Sherwald was in the habit of receiving certain clients whom he did not choose to admit tohis private sanctum, and whom he did not wish to see in the presence of his clerk. A door led from this into Mr. Sherwald's private room, into which he now passed. This private room had two windows looking into a small back court. Both windows were screened with brass wire-work The walls were nearly lined with books. The floor was carpeted with a neutral-tinted fabric. There was a tall desk, a few arm-chairs, a leather couch, and an immense iron safe with brass ornamentations. Mr. Sherwald stirred up his fire, walked around his room once or twice, and then sat down at his desk and proceeded to examine anew and at his leisure the peculiar neckldce Desmond had lent him. * I said last night that Conyers had some secret interest-some hidden part-in this mystery of Mrs. Desmond? he muttered, 'and I said I would discover the truth. I have made a great stride toward it. What if Vane Conroy, the man who was supposed to have perished on Monta Rosa, should be Rollyn Dane. Conyers, the future earl of Hawkhurst? Is the idea too improbable? Let me think. Cunyers was on the Con tinent when Lord Hawkhurst summoned him to England. He was at Geneva. He must have received the earl's letter about a week before the supposed death of .Vane Conroy. The'earl confided to me his plans concerning the disposal of Hawks' Cliff. He intended to make that one of his two young kinsmen his heir who should marry the heiress of Cragthorpe, and so unite that estate to Hawks' Cliff. Suppose he mentioned that intenton in his letter to Conyers ? Suppose Conyers conceived then the idea of ridding himself of his young wife-taking it for granted that Mrs. Desmond *was his wife and so plan'ned his pretended death. She believed in his death. He came to England, won the heiress, married her. His wife, thinking herself a widow, marries Desmond. But how happens it that Desmond never suspected Conroy.and Conyers to be the same ? It was Conyers whom Mrs. Desmond saw at the church door. 'She fainrted'at sight of him. By Jove ! I've found the very heart of this mystery I He sat a while stunned and silent. 'The necklace is. old,'' he said, a little later, arousing himself by an effort. 'It must have been in Conyer's family a long time. I wonder if Lord Hawkhurst would recognize it. He used to know Conyer's father well in their youth, and may have seen this very necklace in his possession. Heaven I what a successor to his title and wealth is this man whom Lord Hawkhurst has chosen I The proud heiress of Crag thorpe has a bitter humiliation in store for her. And as to Mrs. Desmond, where is she ? Can she have taken refuge in Con yer's protection? He is her husband.' Greatlyperplexed and troubled, the soli citor pondered the case, going over it inci dent by incident, putting hitherto uncon sidered facts together, until a network of circumstantial evidence had become inextri cably woven about Dane Conyers, and he had no longer the faintest doubt of Conyer's guiit. About the-middle of the afternoon, while he still sat in.a brown study, Lord Hawkhurst was ushered'in. The earl waswrapped in a furred overcoat, and his red beard lay upon his breast like a sheet of flame. His rough-hewn features, red' with exercise and the keen outside air, his overhanging brows, his frosty blue eyes, his towering stature, and his massive head covered over with red locks, all made up the most re markable figure ever seen in Sherwald's office. The solicitor sprang up and greeted his em ployer, and assisted him to remove.his great coat. 'Sit down by the fire, my lord,' he said, placing a chair. The earl accepted the seat. 'Have you eien Desmond to- day ?' he asked, abruptly. 'Yes, my lord. I found him at his lodg ings.' ' Has he found his wife ?' 'No, my lord, but he got a letter from her while I was there. It seems she is safe some-, where; she did not say where.' The earl knitted )his brows together fiercely. : 'You don't mean that the girl is an adveii turess, and has been 'making a fool of Des mond ?' he demanded; sharply. 'No, sir. She supposed herself a widow, and is a good, honest woman, I dare say, else Desmond would not go mad about her. She's but a young thing, only seventeen. She was supposed to be a widow since last OAober, but the truth is, as I understand it,' said the solicitor, ' her worthless husband is not dead but has turned up again !' 'Great I-Hcaven I Then Dcsmond has married a woman with a husband living l' 'That seems to be the truth, my lord.' ' Poor fellow. We miust cheer him up at Hawkhurst House at once. Conyers and Octavia must cheer him up I He must not be allowed to blight his career by running away and hiding himself in some foreign country, as he'll be apt to do. The woman must have been in great haste to marry again, upon my soul I What was her first husband ? A gentleman, or a coster-monger?' ' He called himself a gentleman, no doubt,' said Sherwald, who was in no mind to de clare to Lord Hawkhurst the entire truth concerning Dane Conyers until he could prove every charge he should make. 'The thing must be kept out of the news papers,' said the carl. 'Don't let the rascally reporters get hold of it, or there'll be no end to the scandal. Desmond ham picked his pearl up out of the gutter, indeed, and has fallen into the gutter himself I I believe the woman is a designing creature, just what you called Mrs. Conyers, you remember. Poor Desmond I Sherwald, I have a good mind to double that thousand a year I set down in my will. for Desmond. Poor devil! He don't deserve his ill-fortune. Give me my will.' The solicitor unlocked the great door of the safe. The upper half of the interior of the huge receptacle was divided into pigeon holes, which were all appropriately labelled. From one of these holes he drew out the will of the earl which had been so recently exe cuted. Lord Hawkhurst broke the seals of the envelope and glanced over the document. He was dissatisfied, he hardly knew why. 'I'll make a new will altogether,' he said, thoughtfully. 'Of course Conyers is to be my heir, but I like Desmond, and I would like to make better provision for him. Sher wald, I'll will him Hawberry Grange. That's worth two thousand a year and is a gentle man's residence, worthy even a Desmond. Draw up an entirely new document precisely like this, with that single change in regard to Desmnond. As to this-' He leaned over the high wire guard and laid the document upon the fire. It blazed up and burned to ashes. Sherwald started-then drew a breath of relief. 'I wish, my lord,' he said, earnestly, 'that in the new will you would place the name of Noble Desmond as your heir.' 'And have this scandal of his perpetuated to all futurity?' scoffed the earl. ' No, sir. No man with any stain upon his name shall inherit Hawks' Cliff by my consent 1 The future owner of my estates must not only be a man of honor-Desmon-l is that-but lihe must be one whomano breath of scandal has touched, whose life is spotless, whose mar riage is an honor to his family. See Des mond again. Tell him to get rid of this woman. We must marry him off to some noble lady and settle him at Hawberry Grange. People will then forget this es capade of his-for a marriage with a woman whose antecedents are not known is an es capade. Draw up the new will, Sherwald, and I'll sign .it at my leisure. There's no hurry. I shall live fifty years yet, perhaps. But Desmond can have Hawberry to live on as soon as he marries to suit me.' The earl watched the blue thin ghost of the burnt will flicker on the coals, and then turned away and paced the room. Sherwald went back to his safe. Suddenly, Lord Hawkhurst gave a great cry and bounded forward, clutching at the necklace upon the solicitor's desk. The earl's face was purple, his eyes starting, hisbreathing stertorous. Sherwald hastened to him, thinking him threatened with apoplexy. 'This-this ?' gasped the earl, shaking the necklace; 'Whose? Where? Oh, Heaven I' He sat down, trembling and weak. •' That?' said the amazed solicitor. • That -I think her first husband gave it to her. You recognize it, my lord ? 'Whose ? whose is it ?' 'Her's-- the woman with two husbands, my lord. It belongs to Desmond's wife I' 'To Desmond's wifel' Then let it be your first task, Sherwald, to find Desmond's wifel I Merciful Fatherl I What does it all mean? Desmond's wife? Desmond's !' The earl stuffed the necklace into his pocket. He asked presently for a little brandy, which Sherwald gave him. Thenhe went away, grim and impenetrable, with a mighty shadow on his brow. 'Did he recognize the necklace as be longing to the Conyer's family ?' Sherwald asked himself. 'Or have I stumbled upon another mystery ?' TO BE CONTsINUtED. 