BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRIS TIANITY. At the last large meeting hold in February, ly tlio Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7 Adolphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rov. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to imristiamty. itotorrmg to the pa rallels betweon tho porsons and characters of Buddha and Josus Christ, I10 said: — Take, as a prominent instance, the birtli stories. I need not liorc give dotails, which aro to bo found in auy modern work 011 Buddhism. The supposod iniraculouB eoncoption; tho bringing down of Buddha from tho Tusita heaven ; tho Dcyns ac knowledging his supremacy ; the presentation in tho Tomplo, whon tho images of Indra and other gods threw tliomselves at his feet ; tho tempta tion by Mara — which legends aro cmbellishod by tho modern writer I liavo already quoted, under such phrases as " Conceived by tho Holy Ghost," "Born of tho Virgin Maya," "Song of tlio hoavonly host," "Presentation in tho Temple and temptation in tlio wilderness " — none of thoso is found in tho early Pali texts. Tho simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an aBcotic, whoso family namo was Gautama, preached a now doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. Tliero is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we road in tho Pali toxts, of deliverance at tho hands of a god ; but tho man Guatama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignoranco. Tho accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone ovor the worlds, tlio blind received sight, the dumb 6ang, the lame danced, the sick wore cured, togethor with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or ex pression to things familiar to us in our Bible we need not bo astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I liavo before hinted, of the Christian story in India in tho early centuries of the Christian ora, and, porliaps, long subsequently. This is a point which lias boon much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of tho god Krishna, which is a mani fest parody of the history of Christ. Tho Bhagavat- Orita, a theosophical poem put into mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of tho East, containing many goni3 of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their propor setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet, and indicat ing as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in tho Maha-Bharata ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in tho Malia-Blicurata to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhaaamat- Gitd. If, then, as tlioro is tho strongest reason to bcliove,' tho Christian story, somewhere be tween the first and tenth centuries of the Chris tian era, forced itself into tho great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of tlio most remark able poein that over saw the light in India, can we be' surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders 111 tho later Buddhist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial ap plications to join the Instituto as guinea sub scribers wero recoived, and its object being to in vestigate all philosophical and scion tific questions, especially any said to militato against tho truth of the Bible — a discussion ensued iu which Mr. Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Loitner, from La hore; Mr Coles, an earnest student of the ques tion during 25 years' residenco in Ceylon, Pro-' fessor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr Collins' paper. Dr Leitner, brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tar tar sculptures, showing tho first introduction of tho Christian story into those monuments be tween about the second and tenth centuries, and ho pointed out the vuluo of such additional con firmation of Mr Collins' statements. A correspondent writing from New Guinea, under date I9th March, furnished tlio following particulars of alleged kidnapping in tho Pacific : — " An intelligent Rotuniali native named ' Georgo ' statos that the Eiloen was at tho Louisiade group about throe months ago. Thoy found the natives in the islands there in great trouble and oonsternation because of the kid napping of almost all the 111011 and boys. At Russcl Island, at Slid Est Island, and at a num ber of small islands in the group it was the same story. A threo-mastod vessel, they say, came and by artifice and fraud got the men and boys on board. They wore tlion put down below, and prcvonted from returning 011 shore. No attempt at an agreomont scams to havo been mado. The white 111011 fired thoir guns, in somo places, to frighten and drive tho nativos to the boats. George saw tho bullet marks on some trees and canoes, but was told no ono had been killed. Tho firing was probably to intimidate. A num ber of lads belonging to ono of the islands were for a long time, nearly two years, with Captain Froyer in tho big Julia M. Avery, and then returned to thoir home. All of these havo boon takon. It is to bo hoped they will use tho littlo English they know to report tlio way in which tho ' recruits ' havo beon engaged. On ono small island, it is Btated only four men are loft. . No women wero taken. The nativos havo no idea whore tho vessel camo from, and do not know her namo, nor that of tho captain or any one on board." Tho well-known writer Grogorovuis lias just published; in tlio January number of TJnscro JZeit, under tho title " A Ride to the Dead Sea," an interesting sketch of tlio famous lake. Ho substantially confirms all tho traditional charac teristics, oxcopt as to the appearance of tho land scape and Boino other minor particulars. Ho do- claros that no Sicilian bay nor tho Gulf of Corinth presents more varied or beautiful colouring, only the water seems darkor, as if of molton motal. Ho donics tho general statoment tlmt no bird flies ovor its waters, and that its shores aro without vogotation. But ho confirms tho tradition that no living thing is found in it ; fish coming down by the Jordan die at onco on coming within its bounds. Tho water is so "thick" that ho moved in it with difficulty ; its bittcrnoss was terrible, tho bottom was slippery liko soap, and ono can scoop up with tlio hand a slimo - liko mortar. Tlio touch of it causes great smart to the eyes. Whilo tho tomporaturo of tho atmosphore was 00 dogrces Fahronhoit, that of the wator in tho Dead Sea was 04 degrees. On coining out of it tho body was thickly incrustod with crystals of salts of magnesia and soda. On tho high desert plateau ojf. Algeria the at mosphere is so dryland clear-that the satellites of Jupiter aro visiklo to the naked oyo, aud tho lunar ofhters can be studied with tho toloscopo 011 what is called the dark limb of the moon. 