"O OB LION." '? . Late on Thursday night the R.M.S. Australia arrived from San Francisco, and, In addition io bringing a large cargo and a goodly orowd of passongara, she had on board a lion, which bas boen secured as an additional attraction for our Zoological Gardens. The duty of obtaining this lion was entrusted to Captain Ghest, end he hua evldenily perfoimcd that duty in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. The lion ia one of a litter that was bom in captivity in Woodward's Gardens, San Francisco, about five years ago, and has beon a healthy animal ever einee. When Captain Ghest entered into negotiations with the proprietors of the Gardena for his purchaso. they did not seem at all dnposed to part with him, and it was not until Captain Ghost had gone to a considerable amount of trouble, und bud given full play to his persuasive powers, that they consented to part with bim. As soon as tbo bargain VVUB concluded, a cage waa specially built for the accommodation of his majesty; and after boin g placed in it bo waa taken on board the Auatralia. Though of course greatly interested in the prooeedii ga connected with his removal, the linn ehowod no had temper ; in faot, be took mnttoia an philosophically ua a lion thnt was being removed from his paronta and sisters and brothers oould be expeoied to do ; and during his stay on board his conduct ia said to havo bt- en irreproachable. He was never heard to mar once, and though at first this quiescence, might havo boen loirly attributed lo sea sickness, of which, how- ever, he showed nb signa, it could not have been after- wards, ashieheulih appeared to be excellent throughout, the food vvlih which he waa supplied being devoured with evident relish. He was fed once o day with about 161b. of meat, with tho exception of one day in each vvoek, when ha got nothing. While tho vpssel waa passing through tho tiopica Ihn heat had a perceptible cllect upon bim, ard it waa thorefore deemed advisable to vary Ilia diet. A couple of chickens were accordingly added to ivs ordinaiy rcpust, and his apprecia- tion of this ihouphtlulness vas shown in a marked and unmiatakeable manner. It musí noi bo imagined from this eUterutnt that our royal beast does nor in his almost every act show the beneüis ho has derived from his being born in a civilised community. A few of the trails of his ancestors do occasionally appear ; but in gen oral he is gentle as a lamb, and shows no trace of tho savage. " Garfield," as he has been named, waa bora, as stated before, in America ; but his parent« wore genuino Africana, and there is not a trace of tho "whitewashed Yankee" about him. His carriago ia nohlc, and his head and mnno are superb, while hi« cyea have in thnm in a miirked ihgree that h ok ot maje»ty which gniuod his tribe the titlo of king of 'beasts. Garfield is, in fact, a magnificent specimen, and will pravo a great acquisition to I ho gardens, where be ia now comfortably homed, having been taken from the ship yesterday mornluit. An effort was made to obtain a mate for him in San Francisco, hut without success. It li to ba hoped, however, thajt tina tojnoiltae ot tha »Quiets: «Jil ter 