On Thursday eroening, the second enter tainment under the auspices of the Bairna dale Amateur Dramatic and Musical Society took place in Payne's Royal Assem bly Hall, and we certainly think the over flowing audience which had assembled to witness the efforts of our local ama tours must lave been very grattfying to those gentlemen who have had the management of the affair, and most' encouraging to those who'had given their services and time to the cause. The pro ceeds were in aid of the cricket, rowing and football clubs, and we have every reason for believing that the coffers of each' of these organisations will have an appre'ci able sum cast into them by the perform' 'nce. As an .entertainment, that . of. Thursday evening was incomparably" superior to the' first one, for not only were the pieces selected of a better character, but the whole surroundings were 'more complete, and the amateurs were better up in their liarts and more at home on the boards.: Not the least attractive feature of the evening's entertainment was the 'or chestra, under the leadership of MHr. W. Sechusen, who, as first violin, with -Mr:' IIM. Murphy as second violin, a'sl Ir. W. Seehusen, junr., as pianist,'dlscoursed - the' most enjoyable music, and added immensely to the completeness of the performance.' The opening overture, "The Caliph 'of llagdad," was executed in a manner which elicted most hearty and well deserved ap-, plause; and the march, waltz, and polka,' composed.by Mr. Seehusen for the oc casion, were magnificently played, and being compositions of great merit, were'. greatly appreciated byithe audience. The waltz was quite onchanting, and being played to perfection, wo have no doubt that during, its execution the fairer portion of the assomblhge were dreaming of the ap.. proaching bhllU season, and indulging in reverles of whirling around in oc.tacias of delight to such enchanting musie. But to' Mr. Seehusen the conlpany were further: indebted for some beautiful secnes from hid able brush, and which enabled the stago manager, Mr. G. IH. Cole to mount the pilees in,.truly professional style, and we think all will uaree'ilthi us that a' prettier' or more oeffectiveo scene than the gardon scene in " Meg's'Diversion" has never been placed on the boards In llairnsdale. After, the openipg ov?crture, theo curtain rose to Mr. II. T. Craven' well known and favorite ' drama "'Meg's Diversion," the first' not beingsa pyrlor scene in Crow's fatrmhouse,;? which was well repreaentedl. Margaret, the iucorrigihlo "Meg," at first like a" playful kitted full of mischliovous antics, a rustic rough diahmond, but shbstquently discoveri ing and developing at mine of love and so' lanrt feelings. foendl a most able expenent in Mrs. 0. i. oloe, who,, though perhapis she might hitve dlikphtyed a'yttle more dasht and abandon in the osrlier;part., gave a most meritorious reading of the part, anl., more repeclally in the latter portion of the play, in which she pourtrayed the depth of fooliug developed in Meg i n most realistic manner.' Mrs.' T. P. Johnston essiyed the character of Cornella, Farmer Crow's ro lined and necomplished daughter, chrysal hisng into a lady of fashion, uand that, lady mulst be oimmen ded for her conception of the character, acting in i quilt aln digni fleil manner which befitted the part. Mirs. 'V. Stusart ga? a calilitlal replresuntt. tion of Mrs. Notweill. sid tIhoughCi she hitd ito viry great ecpe for displaying her histrionic alilituie, yet asieo madeild the most of IhI ehllitlto Tfforded her. We miglt, however, tugttet, to the ladies the ad* viability on fltlro or c lsiontllli of rlaiing th'irr \'oice:s, forI I in at any inttiaicL tthe inart idialoglt of the pieee was perfectly ,i! t i, thuse who were seated at the back of thi hall. lr. J. Ytietes both in umake-up Inl I oting was extrtemly good as Old l,'retoy Crow, nlld lo lno can a ccuse hint of iverdioillg the part, but, on the contrary, had hte beun a trillo more blustering he wotuld iave renrranentcd th eln har?tninr oven more effectively. Ashley Morton, the >hilosopher,.whose ambition was centred u moulding all things and all beings to his own mind, was. undertaken by Mr. Winkelmann, and he deseirves to be conm plimented on his efforts. The Jasper Pid gcon of Mr. G. H. Cole, demonstrated that he had given great study to the part. and without indulging in any flattery, we must candidly 'confess we have seen far worse prepisell tat olns e ofth part in.professional. circles than that given by'?li'. G.MH. Cole. [Io grasped tlhuanuthor'n creation ast tho ontset, and the quiot, unaosautning, self depreciating, rustic carpenter, was capitally ponrtrayed hyIr: (0ole. :'atr. H. Stoney, an Roland Pidgeon, was very good indeed; ind tookl advantage 'of every opportunity afforded him to rmak a hitt;E:. yetem;tho lawyer,' was.handled, in good style by elr. T., Swavn, and though but' a small characterm.in 'tlhe piece,' he "'mde as mueh of it as it wao' possible to do; T'he " Irish Tiger" followed, and this mirth provokingrfarce wasi, enacted in a :fair mannner, though the effect.was somewhat marred by too frequent aljournnments to the prompters' wing. Miss Ashford and 3lrs. Allison ,respectively, represented the characters of 'Julia.and Nancy in a fair manner, aind must he accorded their meood of praise, though *? must be pardoned for advisisg,tlCm to display a little moreaverve in such efforts, and particularly to let the. audience hear what they are saying. Mr. Ellerman, as Sir Charles Lavender, made up in'capital style, and performed well, for lie was laboring under the immense dis advantage of being a substitute, only' having had hispart placed in.his. hands a couplo of days before the performance. IMr. Yeates gave a very respectable reading of Alderman Murrowfat, and afforded the audience fartherprof ' of ; his .rversatility. lMr. T. Sivn as sr. Billberry performed in good stylo., niil Ir.. Mosley as Paddy, Iyan, the Irish Tiger, was most comical, teoeping thosanndienceo ,,convulsed with Iaughter thi:oglth'ouith' Mr. C. Ralph uiader took the, part of John the footman, and mnado up diad itbted the chiaracter ivell. The performance:' concluded with the negroic sketch, ",Glandmother's Ghost," in which'Mesirs. Murphy, Towl, Ellerman, and R. H;iMasddrthur took the characters, and their costumes and' eccentricities kept the naudienceahighly amused. As a whole. the entertainment was a" most enjoyable one, and reflected credit on all. Messrs J. At. Armstrong and Tippingn uindertook the arduous duties of prompters, and discharged the f?n?tions":of their oflides in a most eflicient manner, for, without desiring to disparage the amateurs, it, was apparent that Messrs. Armstrong and, Tipping's oflices were no sinoecure. 