THE RECOGNITION OF FRIENDS IN HEAVEN. For the following report of the highly interesting lecture delivered by the Rev. C. J. Byng in the Corowa School of Arts, on the above subject, on the even ing of the 20th inst., we are indebted to the " News. — The Rev. C. J. Byng, who was warmly received, commenced his lecture by a brief statement of the snbject and of tho manner in which he intended to treat it. The theory of " Recognition" was one which presented many and peculiar diffi culties, and which had been disputed and even flatly denied by men of no ordinary calibre. . If, therefore, at the conclusion of his lecture his audience Had arrived at no mathematical conclusion of the truth of his argument, he entreated them to set it down to liis shortcomings as a lecturer ; but if, on the contrary, they were con vinced of the truth of his views, he asked them to give the credit to the intrinsic weight of his argument and not to him. Failures were his, success belonged to the cause itself. "Where was heaven ? It was an impossibility to point' to auy defiuite position, at the same angle, at differeut times. The earth had two separate movements, one round it3 own axis, the other in its orbit round the sun. If, therefore, they pointed out heaven as being above, twelve hours after they must point in entirely the opposite direc tion. What was the genoral id9a of. heaven — what was our general conception of such a place ? As a rule the prevail ing idea of heaven was too mnch ether- alised. He was prepared to show, on the strength of Holy Writ, that heaven had a local habitation. He then instanced the cases of Enoch, Elijah, and our Saviour, all of whom physically ascended. Was there, he asked, anything to show that at any definite stratum in the atmosphere they were resolved into ether. We could not conceive material substaaces floating iu the air ; feet mnst have something to stand on. Heaven was a material place, and our Saviour, sitting at the right hand of God, was The Man. The ideas asso ciated in Scripture with heaven were always material, and the account given of its organisation was very complete. It was spoxen oi as uanaan ana raraaise ; as a temple, a city, a mansion, represent ing plenty, beauty, purity, numbers, and social life. If the Scripture did not refer more particulaily to this idea it was taken for granted. The immortality of the soul and life beyond the grave were all innate beliefs in man. The resurrec tion of the dead was not. Therefore they found constant reference to it in the Scriptures. The lecturer then having dealt with heaven aB a material place, went on to refer more particularly to the subject of his lecture, " The recognition of friends in heaven." He endeavored to prove his point, first, by indirect state ments from the ScriptnreB, then by direct statements. In the 25th chapter of Genesis, 8th verse, they read that Abra ham gave up the ghost and was gathered to his people. That conld not mean that he was buried with them, for his death occurred about 160 miles away. Again, Genesis xxxv, 29th verse, Isaac died and was gathered to his people " Moses on Mount Nebo, Aaron on Mount Hor, all in differeut places, were gathered unto their people. These statements: tended to prove the theory of recog nition. Then by direct statements. Matthew xii, 41st verse, " The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with' this generation, and shall condemn it." In the 42nd verse the Queen of Sheba was Bpoken of in the same terms. Was it possible that at the last day there would be no recognition of the men of Nineveh as the men of Nineveh, of the Queen of Sheba as the Qaeen of Sheba ? In the 86th ve.se of the same chapter it was stated that every idle word would have to be accounted for at the day of judgment. It was an impossibility to hear these idle words mentioned without connecting some time or circnmstance, or person, with them. Then Mai. xxv, 37th verse — " Then Bhall the righteous answer him saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hun gered and fed thee, or thirsty and gave thee drink." Conld they conceive these righteons saying that without associating the deed with the circumstances ? Non sense. In direct connection with their philanthrophy: Mr Byng then bronght in evidence the definite teaching of our Lord, instancing the story of Lazams and DiveB, who plainly saw each other, and supported his views by a reference to the offices of our Lord. Who was our Redeemer, he asked ? What was he ? He was a mediator, an intercessor, our advocate with the Almighty. In the seventh ohapter of Revelations a great multitude of all kindreds, all nations, all tribes, was described as worshipping before the Lamb. Was it possible that a man could go to heaven, and join in this oreat Te Deim of thanksgiving for forgiveness from sin, without recollecting what that sin was ? That was not the ract of a rational boing. It was insanity, and heaven was not fall of lunatics. Conld anyone think of a sin without i associating Borne person, place or thing with it ? It could' not be done ? There was no Bach thing as sin unconnected with some snrronnding circnmstanoes. Christ was our intercessor, our represen tative at the great parliament of Heaven. Was it impossible that eaoh and every one of his constituents was known only to 1 him ? Conld we fancy Buch an anomaly as a member known severally, bat not collectively, to each of his constituents ? Having thus brought forward as argu ments the indirect and direct teaching of the Bible and the offices of Christ, the leotorec referred ho the writings of St. Paul. In the first epistle to the Corin- thians we were told that the hidden things of darkness shall be brought to light at the last day.. . mhat meant they were to be exhibited— ill.' S3 were to see them. All were to appear at that" judg ment and to be rewarded according to their works. Was it credible that we should be punished for a sin of which we had no recollection V , In the first chapter of the 2nd Corinthions, and the 14tb verse, St. Paul stated that he was to re joice over those whom he bad regene rated. Was it. possible that 8t. Paul conld fail to recognis them. He quoted Scriptural passages to show that the angels, in- heaven wsre -witnesses :of earthly doings ; yet tho moment we entered heaven wo ware ask&d; to believe that all recognition ceased, At the transfiguration of' our Lord Moses jibd ' Elias appeared aud were recognised in stantly. Conld we magina that ..on reaching heaven we : should . recognise them aud. not our wiros and children. For his part, his wife' and child were more to him than Moses or Elias. In the RevrLtibh of St. John wo were told of a grand coronation. ' God himself was ; to place crow ns hon our heads, and . we were to stand .. among our friends our parents, our wive3 and children around the throne, and |'hot recognise them I Were the birthday at Bethlehem and iha wise mon to be forgoftali ? Was Peter's denial , to be forgottaa1? Were Geth- semane aud Calvary the'resurrection and Pentecost to "bo forgot'.on; or to be re membered without either persons or places being associated With that remem brance. The rev. gentlemen then pro ceeded to deal with soma of the difficul- ties of his theory. The question had arisen — " How were wa. to know a resurrected body 2 It would be so dif-. ferent." He ventured to think thit it would not b'e.so.changed ns was imagine!. Christ's . resurrected;, body would be the model. Hisidentitytftf'/er his resurrec tion was provedextietJy as their identity was proved. Yet it was glorified: Granted. In the same way as the living' face was glorified in a copy cf a bust, yet there was no difference in recognising the statue of a parson, though the eyes were wanting, the color hot there; and so it would be. at the last day. " True," some people said', " but look at the dif ference between the, piofch and the butterfly." Ask the naturalist ; he could look at the butterfly aud point out the moth in its body. The second diffi culty wa3 this — " How\ could we meet with any pleasure those whom we had injured or whom we hated." This arose from an incorrect perception of what sin was. Great as the sin against as might be, it was greater against God. "Ware we then to set the finite against the iuflnite ? No ! If God forgave, onr minds would be equalised to forgive also. The third difficulty was this: Someone might say — " How shall I meet two, three, or four wives in heaven ?" This idea arose from a wrong perception of heaven, and was part of our carnal nature. Iu hea ven there wonld be no carnal passionB, no jealousy ; the element of carnality would be done away with. In heaven there would be no marriage nor giving in marriage. The last objection was — " What shall we do if in -heaven we do not see those whom we have loved on "earth." They mast think of that, for recognition implies missing as well as finding. In heaven there would be no sorrow, no hnman tears. If God could see His Sou accursed, if Ho could, forsake Him in His agony, -we could too." Besides, who gave as the child for whom we moarned ? God did, and the child is His, and not ours. He trusted that his arguments might give comfort to many a doubting heart. Mr Byng concluded his lecture with these words — " There is auother recognition, self- imposed — unutterable — eternal. God save us from that recognition." 