A GHOST'S FALSE STORY. (Globe ) ' Finis Allon, who is registered as a con vict Nn. 2,093, has been serving a life sentence iu Fort Madison Penitentiary', Iowa, since November 1879, for tho murder of John Long, an old farmer of Fremont County. He was as convicted on the testimony of Long's wife, who con fessed to having been nn accomplice in the crime, and now, after having been im- prisoned over four years, the Senate In vestigating Committeo has concluded that Allen was perfectly innocent of tho crime, and has unanimously reported in favour of his immediate pardon. The testimony upon which this report is based unfolds one of the most curious stories of circum- stantial evidence that ever was told, and has in it a supernatural element which adds greatly to the strangeness of the tale. It is thus told by a Des Moinee corrcapondent of tho -ZVeto York Times : "Finis Allen is tho son of a farmer, but he was delicate from his boyhood, and instead of working like his brothers, on the farm, he devoted himself to house work, and became a very good cook. Early in 1878, when about l8 years the, young Allen went to live with John Long, at Manti, Freemont County, by whom he was hired to help Mrs. Long in the house. John Long was 70 and his wife was 67 years old at this time, and Finis proved a valuable addition to the household of the old couple. Matters went quietly along until January 16, 1879, when John Long was found early in the morning dead in his barn, lying in a stall almost under tho heels of n vicious colt. There were several cuts and bruises onhis body, and everything indicated that he had been kicked to death by the colt. There was blood on the planks and wall of the stable near the body, and the wounds were apparently such as would result from the kick of a sharp ' shod horse. In both hands the dead man had grasped the litter of the stable po firmly that hands had to be soaked in hot water before they could be opened. The premises were thoroughly searched for evidences of foul play, but nothing waa found. A light snow had fallen early In the night, but there were noticeable stains or unusual tracks outside the stable. , Mrs. Long told the coroner's jury that she and her husband had been ' awakened about 3 o'clock in the morning by the noise ot the horses t kicking and plunging in tho stables. Mrs. Long went out to the stable, and, after waiting for him to return for some time, she followed him. Upon finding him dead she ran to the house of Daniel Torrance, a farmer, and aroused him. Torrance woke Finis Allen, who had been sleeping up stairs,' and the two men removed the body from the heels of the colt. The jury, after hear ing this statement and examining the pre mises, returned a verdict that Long had been kicked to doath by the horse, and the body was buried. ' A,meeting of the heirs was then held, and Mrs. Long produced a will made just before his death by her husband in which all the property was left to her. Sho declared that she intended to keep the entire estate for herself and Finis Allen, who had been a better , boy to her than any her sons. - A quarrel followed over the pro perty,and suspicion began to be aroused. About this time tho newspapers were fulll of the Mack murder case in Wisconsin; in which it was proved that a wife had conspired with a hired tuan to murder her husband, and to avert suspicion the body was thrown under the heels of a horse, There was much shaking of heads and comment over the similarity of the two cases, "and finally Long's body was dug up and a second inquest held. The doctors , disagreed about the character of the wounds, and the verdict was that the old man came to his death " from injuries inflicted by the kicking of the horse, or in some other manner to the jury unknown. " A reward was offered for fur- ther information, and detectives were at once put to work on tho case. Mrs. Long was a member of the non-polygamops branch of the Mormon Church, and she had implicit faith In a Mormon elder in the neighbourhood, named Matthews, who was reported to hold convsrse with the spirits of the dead. This elder, after the second inquest, was confronted, as he claimed, by the ghost of John Long, which told him that Finnis Allen killed him and threw him in the stable behind the horse. The elder reported this ghostly interview first to a lawyer, who laughed at it, and afterwards to some his followers," who heard it with unquestioning credulity. Meanwhile the detectives had been working on Mrs. Long, and finally one of them induced her to make a confession, and on this a prelimi nary information was filed, and both Mrs.Long and Finis Allen were arrested and thrown into jaill to await the action of the, grand jury. When'the grand jury met, she next was told that if she would turn State's evi dence she would be released at once. The Mormon elder sat directly in front off her,and made her look him squarely in the eye,' and by this and other mesmeric perform ances tho old woman was induced to con firm the revelation made to her spiritual adviser by the ghost, and to confess that 'Finis made away with the old man.' An indictment was found against Allen, and his trial began in November, 1879. Mrs. Long swore that Finis came downstairs in the night, and attacked the old man in bed, striking him on the head with,a hammer. Long sprnng from the bed, and in the struggle which followed the handle of the hammer was broken, and Finis then killed Long with the fire shovel. She and Finis burned a blanket that was stained with blood, and washed the stains out of the carpet, and Finis then took the body to the stable, and passing behind the heels of five horses, threw it where it was found, back of the vicious colt in the sixth stall. The old woman described the hammer, which had been on the farm for years, and was of a size and shape that would at once attract attention. A hammer answering the description was put in evidence, and Finis Allen was con victed of murder in the first degree, and sentenced to tho penitentiary for life. The hammer was the connecting link-in the chain of evidence, and this has now apparently been broken by the testimony just secured by the Senate Committee. The inconsistency of the story that Long was killedin the house is shown by an affidavit, of Daniel Torrance, who was the first man at the stable on the night of the murder. He swears that there was no blood on the snow, as there would have been had the body been carried to the stable, and that opposite the head on the stable wall there was a spot of blood 'which had every appearance of having spurted on it and then run down. A farmer named L. P. Allen makes an affidavit that he assisted Long in building a corn crib in November, 1878,andfhat while building it the old man lost the identical hammer with which it was proved on the trial that Allen killed him. The hammer was lost in the crib, and though a long search was made for it, it was not found. This was two months before Farmer Long was found dead in his stable. Stephen D. Newton, another farmer, swore that he was present on June 1 or July, 1879, when a orib of corn was shelled on the farm of Mrs. Long. It was the same crib that Farmer Allen had helped Long to build. Newton saw a man named A. D. Colvin pick a hammer out of the crib, from which they were shell ing. It was an old riveting hammer, the same which was lost in the preceding November, and which was produced at the trial as the instrument with which Finis Allen had attacked Long in bed. It was given to Henry Long, a son of the dead man. Newton's testimony is confirmed by OharleB Banks, who also saw the hammer '' found, and swears that it was given to Henry Long. The effect of the evidence is to show that the hammer which was produced at theo trial of Finis Allen as the weapon which he had used to kill Long in bed was uxed in the corn crib two months before, and was not found until five or six months after the old man's death. The committee secured other evidence showing conclusively that Mrs. Long had been under the influence of the Mormon elder, Matthews, when she made her co-called confession ; that her son Henry and her daughter, Mrs. Wilcox, had induced har to swear falsely against Finis'Allon by telling her that it was her only chance of getting out of prison ; and that she had contradicted her assertion that Allen was guilty since he'had been in prison, saying to J. S. Morris, one of the witnesses, that the ' charges were false ; that she had been Scared into swearing against young Allen, and that her testimony was false, and was so given through the threats and intimi dations, of others.' There is no doubt that young Allen will bo pardoned at once." 