From ? the metropolis. , (JTrom OWE ownCorrespon dent.) Adelaide, Jttly 21. PaKm/Mfa Ka^iab Alamm cbam 4n A«ugiuua uooies always seem co pros* pet beat when deepest .in debt, for. there can-be no excusefor begging when finan ces are in & healthy condition and the balance is on the credit . Instead, of the debit side of ..the ledger..-. The Adelaide* Young Men's Christian Association have provided a large, smoking room in their new bnildirig. TKis~6"6nceisidn to worldly prejudice is highly appreciated'by some of of the young men; bat it has had a bad- effect on some of the sup porters of the institution. Mr. John : Dunn, _ JiP., of Mount Barker, whose purse is generally open to all religions ! objecte, refuses to/subscribe to the funds unless the Associationdrops the word '"Christian" out of its title, or abolishes the smoking room. He is evidently a a disciple of the editor of'the Christian Colonist, who once asked, at the end of a leading article, "Haw can the Holy Ghost, dwell in a breast that is saturated with tobacco smoke ?" Colonel'Downes, of the local militaiy force, wants to get away from South Aus tralia. His term of office as command ant; expires at the end of June, 1885, but he has applied for.permission to leave at the end of the present year. I feel cer tain that the military force will rather gain than suffer by his departure, ,and that the-soldiers will gladly welcome a change of commanders. The colonel-is pompous, sulfish and overbearing, and has evidently got the idea into hiB head that when he was- engaged to superintend the volunteer . ; force of South Australia, he was also in vested with the control of every other movement-religions, social and political I -in the colony. When Major Godwin i was here his manly, straightforward and i soldier-like qualities served to compen ; sate for the defects of his superior officer, and in like manner Major Fergusson did ! much to counteract the effect of the Colonel's unpopularity. However, neither of those gentlemen made an ex tended "stay, and the-combined rule of Colonel-Downes and Captain Jtrvois (who was pitchforked into the- Deputy- Assistant ^ Adjutant-Generalship by his fathers in fluence) has been to make the Local Military Force ^.exceedingly unpopular 'with' civilians who -might - otherwise ba soldiers, if either Major Godwin or Major -Fergusson- could be induced to .take the command of - the Force, the ? colony would bav« cause to rejoice at the : departure, of Colonel Downes. There are borne of my friends, who go so far as to say: that the .dwbknding of the whole organization would be an advantage, more especially in the present days of debt and depression^ If Russia, or some other formidable -naval powers were'tobeeome obstreperous then ditsafiecled civilians . would, be. turned iuto?; enthusiastic sap porters of the volunteer movement; but at present, and. in the absence of any eause- for (^citenieiit or'enthafHasm, they are of opinion that the game is not worth the candle. . I offer -no opinion. i Mr. Smeaton; who has liad chaise of the Adelaide office of the Bank of South i Australia^ .since. ,ihe depicture of Air. [' Currie for England, Is again tb drop into his old position of ABsLBtant-Maiuiger. It was thdiight' By some that Mr.Smeaton wduldre^eire.thepemiiinentap^pointment, :but a recent cablegram state* that it has been {Conferred upon .Mr. "Vipbrit How gate, who at preBent has. chaise of the Hudderafield Branch of the Yorkshire Banking Company. : There is at present :gieat 'competition in the banking bna ^ess, and although it does not result in materially Cheapening "money, this fact .renders especial shrewdness and foresight on the- part of responsible managers an. absolute necessity. Mr. Howgate may be jypheaomenal, authority oir matters £nanr cial, * but even if he is, it. will take him a longtime toacquire as great jocal know ledge as that jibs8essecl:1»y Mr. Smea ton- Certainly he will have the bene fit of Jtfir. Smeaton's advice and as sistance tut that ? would be -equally at - the aervice of the bank if MfevJHowgate vemained in England. Unfortunately the Bank of South Ausfcraiialibe'the South Australian Compauyhas its heacl.ofSce in London and ." local indaStrywistherefore not likely to receive much.«ncouragement. If some scheme «f iaxatibh were intro duced.: whieb would. compel the -South Australian Company to sell their country lands, the agriculturalist; in the Gnnier acha and Onka)paWn|adi6tnct!s;would have some Ijfope^af .obtwiuiig lbiBrfiS^olds <»f their firms. At present the majority of them Itavs leases -only -and as-a consequence leMheartMpntintotheirworkthan would orherwue be the case. . ii miist be admit ted that the cntnpanyJhave douemqehto improve some of " their mty properfy and ^pe^il^dpe tothem.for . the liberality displayed intbeerechon of the large row - of shOps jHst b^low the York Hotel, inRnndle-streetr, "~ j :; Returns fromthecountry Institutes are now coming in rapidly and before long the res nit of tha TOta^^r^three " <3o ver- . bora . of^e^South-Australia Library, known. Dr. AlIanGainpbell, M.lJ.C., 8e0m8 to be the firstfavorite, and nearly every Insti- ; tute on the list and there is no d»ubt that he trill dOcredittohWcOnstittiontsif elected. Ho was originally of the firm of Carter, Tyas and ?o.,aFterwarda Jw agent for Reubens ^eTegraphib . awl more reCentlyhe was'£pp>ii»ted Registrar of the Adelaide t^niyersitj. WieWiver fcity has the right.to elect two. Governors acid it,.ifiTthferdtoife *probable that it will, virtually be represented: by. three gentte xnen oh the Board. Itjis hardtosay' who will be tfoird on tli e list as Messrs. Murray, Kipg and Bower are'all deceiving a.fair amount ot support, while Mesara Bar grave and Jeaaop ore also frequently men tioned. I t^ipk Messrs. Oanlpbell, Tyas ?and King will be the successful trio. ^he buildittg which did duty as Bank of Adelaide until the present palatial struc ture was completed, and which subse quently was occupied by the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank -while their new offices were being erected, is now in process of demolition. The site is in King William Street, near the Gtesham Hotel and it is to be utilized by. the Australian Mutual Provident Society . whose premises have long been too smaU for them. The land waB * bought by the society three years ago, plans of the new building-which will be an ornament to the street-have already been prepared, and active operations will soon be begun. Some days ago the Australian .Widows Life Assurance Company bought ijie land and building now' occupied by Rider's Produce Company in Grenfett-street, near the Young Men's Christian Association and it is presumed that they also intend ^ to erect flew premises. The Rational Mu tual, the Colonial Mulual .and the Mu v tual of Victoria^ have all- built. handsome offices within the lsusttwo or threes yearsiso Life Assurance is evidently apaying, thing both to the Societies and to the^assured.. - 