TALES AND SKETCHES. i FOXCLOVE_ MANOR.' ' A New Novel. j BY ROBERT BUCHANAN, | Author of " (ion and inn Mam," " Tun Shadow r e th Swobd," "Lovb Mb job Ever." &«. I Chapter I. — St. Cuthiiep-t'h. f. An tlie sweet, shrill voices of tho surpliced e choristers rose in tho closing verse of tho hymn, 1 and tho vicar, in bis white robs and violet i hood, ascended the pnlpit steps, old Gabriel a "Ware, sexton and doorkeeper of St. Cuthbert's, Jimpeu across mo pavement ana slipped into the porch, as his custom was at sermon time an Sunday afternoons. He waited till the singing had ceased and the congregation had sottled in . their pews ; and while ho listened to the vicar announcing his text — " For in Him we live, and move, and have our being" — ho fumbled in tho pockets beneath his black gown of office, and then halted noiselessly out into the sunshine, where, < aftor a glance round hiin, ho pulled out a short ; clay pipe, well seasoned, filled it with haste, ana began his usnal after dinger smoke. It was a hot, shimmering July afternoon, and it was much plcasanter to sit out of doors on a tombstone, listening to tho vicar's voice ;> as it came through tho dark lancets liko a x aonnd of running water. Half a mile or so away, nestled in trees, was 0 the village of Oinberley, with its glimpses of white walls and tiled or Blated roofs. Then there were soft, hazy stretches of pasture, with idyllic groupings of cattle and sheep and trees. The fields of wheat and bnrloy, turnips and potatoes, lay ont idle and warm, growing and taking no care, and apparently causing none. a«.vnMMif? .fy 'Pwisl arrangements Willi tho Author, All rights ret cried, 1 The sight and smell of the land filled Gabriel with a stolid satisfaction at tho order of nature and the providential gift of tobacco. There was but the faintest breeze stirring, and it wafted all manner of eweut odors ami lulling wliiBpera about the graveyard. Every- there thcro was evidence of a fervent throb bing vitality and joy ousnuss. Tho soft green turl which spread all round ttie church to tho limits of the churchyard, here billowing over a nameless grave, hero crusting with moss tho base of a tombstone or a inarblo cress or a pillared urn, here edging round an oblong plot brilliant with flowers ami hothouso plants — tho very tnrf scorned stirred by glad im pulses, and quivering witli a crush of hurrying insect lifo. Daisies and buttercups and little blue and pink eyed llowers danced among tho restless spears of grass with a merry hardi hood, 'Laburnums and sycamores stood drows ing in tho hot shining air ; but they were not asleep, and were not Hilcnt. A persistent uudtrtono came from among-' their shadowy boughs, as if tho sap were buzzing through every leaf and stalk. Up their trunks, toiling throngh tho rugged ravines of llio rough hark, travelling along the branches, flitting from one cool leaf to another, myriads of nameless winged and creeping things went to and fro, and added their murmurs to the vast, vagno resonance of life. A soft, ceaseless whispering was diffused from tho tall green spires of a row of poplars which went along the iron railing that separated the enclosure from the high road. Blue and yellow butterflies fluttered from one flowery grave to another; the big booming humble bco went blundering among the blos soms ; a grasshopper was singing shrilly in the bushes near tho railing ; a laborious caravan of. ants was crossing tho stony wilderness of the gravel path ; a dragon fly hawked to and fro beneath the sycamores ; small birds dropped twittering' on cross or urn for, an in stant, flashed nway up into a tree, and then darted off into the fields, ns though too full of excitement and gamcsomeness to rest more, tlmn a moment anywhere. .Soft lieecy masses of luminous cloud slumbered in the hot blue sky overhead, and only in its remote deeps did there seem to bo unimpassioned quietude and a Babbath stillness— only thcro and in the church. Notwithstanding the dazzling sunshine aud tho heat, the church was cool and dim and fragrant. Tho black and red tiles of the pave ment, the brown massive pillars and airy arches of sandstone, tbo oaken pews, the spacious sanctnaty with its wide stouo stops, attested ono with a refreshing sense of coolness and comfort, Tho light entered soft and subdued through riclily stained glass, for the windows looked not on familiar breadths of English landscape glowing and ripening in tho July snn, but seemed rather to open into the. strangely colored world of nineteen centuries ago. The blessing of the little children, tho raising of Lazarus, the interview at tho well with the woman of Samaria, tho minstrel rout about the house of the ruler whoso little maid lay not dead but sleeping, took tho place of tho mundane scones beheld through unhallowed windows. Evon tho unpictured lancets wore filled with leadedpanesof crimson nnd blue and gold. Then there was a faint, plcasaut odor of incense about the building', emphasising the contrast between the mood of nature and the mood of man. St. Cuthbert's was floridly ritualistic, and tho vicar was ono of those who felt that, in an age of spiritual disquiet nnd Unbelief, a man cauuot oliug with too many linnds to the great'ltevelation which appeared to bo daily growing moro elusive, and who beliovod that if the soul may bo lost, it may also bo, in a measure, saved through tho senses. .Feigned devotions and the absence of any appeal to the physical nature of man had, he was convinced, drawn innumerable souls into inditlcrenco on the ono hand, and into Catholicism on the other. If thoro was a resurrection of tho body as well as of tho soul, suroly the body ought not to bo abandoned as a thing accursed, from which no good can come. The vicar encountered no difficulty in realising his views of the dignity of flesh aud blood at St. Cuth bert's, i A thick, softly toned carpot lay on the hroad stone steps which led up to tho communion table. Behind the communion table, and for Borne distance to right and left, the sanctuary walls were hung with richly colored tapestry. The table itself— or tho altar, as it was usually called — was draped with violet silk,' em broidered with amber crosses, aud upon it stood a largo crucifix of brass, with vases of (lowers, and massive brazen candlesticks on cither side. In the centre a brass gasalier was suspended from a largo ring, containing an enamelled cross, and beneath it huug an oil lamp, which was kept perpetually burning. Amid all the coolness and fragrance gjd mystical Hush of color, that little leaf of flame, floating in its glass cup, attracted the attention of the stranger most singularly. It piqued tho imagi nation, and added an indescribable feeling of hallowed sorcery to tho general effect, which was that of an influence too spiritual not to excite reverence, hut too sensuous to be considered sacred. Stepping ont of tho church- yard, with its throbbiug warmth and glad undertones of commotion, into tho cool, soft lighted, artificially colored atmosphere of tho chureli, one might have felt as if dropped into the Midillo Ages, but for the modern appear ance of the congregation. St. Cuthbert's was the fashionable place of worship at Oinberley, and its afternoon service was always well attended, though at a glanco one perceived, from the chromatic effect uf tho pows, that tho largo majority of the congrega tion were of the more emotional sex. As the vicar gavo ont his text, his taste for tho bright and beautiful must have been gratified by the llowers and feathers and dainty dresses, aud still more by the rows of young aud pretty faces which wtfro raised towards " tho pulpit with such varied expression of interest, affec tion and admiration. , Tho Rev. Charles Snntlcy had been Vicar of St. Cuthbert's for littlo less than a year. He was unmarried, just turned thirty, a littlo over tho middle height, and remarkably handsome. It was not to ho wondered nt that, with such recommendations, tho new vicar had at tho very outset fascinated tho maids and lnatrons of his congregation. A bright shapely face, with soft dark eyes, a complexion almost feminine in its clear flush, a broad scholarly forehead, black hair Blightly thinned with study on the brow and at tho temples, black moustache and short curling black beard, such was tlie face of tho vicar as he stood uncovered before yon. His voice was musical and sym pathetic ; tho pressure of his hand invited con fidence and trust ; his soft dark eyes not only looked into your heart, but conveyed tho warmth and cagernc?3 of his own ; you felt instinctively that here you might turn for help which would never he found wanting, and seek advice that would never load you astray, ap- peil for sympathy with a certainty that you would bo understood, obey the prompting to transfer tho burthen of spiritual distress with a sure knowledge that your self-esteem would never ho wounded. Of course thoro were ladies of a critical and censorious disposition among his Hock, but even these were forced to acknowledge tins charm of hi3 presnnce and tile kindliness of his disposition. Among tho men ho was less enthusiastically popular, as was natural enough ; but he was still greatly liked for his frankness aud cordiality, aud his keen intellect nnd sterling common sense com manded their respect, On one thing you might always reckon at fit. Cuthbert's — a thoughtful, eloquent sermou, delivered in a voice full of exquisite modula tions. It happened often enough that tlie preacher forgot tho capacities of his hearers, and became dreamy aud mystical ; lint, though you failed to comprehend, you were conscious that the fault lay less with him than with your own smaller spiritual nature, 'i'hi.s, too, hap pened only in certain passages, and never throughout an entire discourse. Ho began on the grass, as the lark does, and gradually rose higher and higher in tlie brightening heavens till your vision failed ; but, if you waited patiently, he desdbndcd again to earth, still singing. On this Sunday afternoon, preaching from the text in the Acts, he held his hearers spell bound at the outset. Referring to the memor able discourse. in which tho toxt occurs, he conjured up boforo them Athens— glittering, garrulous, luxurious; profligate— tile Athens St. Paul had seen. Tho vivid picture was crowded with maguiGccnt temples, countless altars, innumerable shapes of mortal loveliness. Hero was tlie Agora, with its altar of the Twelve Gods, and its painted cloisters, nnd its plane trees, beneath whose Bhade wero disput ing groups of philosophers, in the garb of their various sects. Gods and goddesses, in siiining marble, in gold and ivory, caught the eyo wherever it fell. Thcro wero altars to Fame and Health and Energy, to Modesty and Per suasion, to Pity mid to Oblivion. On tho ledges of Llio precipitous Acropolis glittered the shrines of Bacchus and ."Esculapius, Venus, Earth and Ceres. Over all towered the splendid statue of Pallas, cast from the brazen spoils of Muratlion, visible, as it flashed in the sun, to the sailor doubling the distant projnotory of Simiuin. Every divinity that it had entered into the imagination of mau'to conceive or tho heart of man to yearn for, ovary deified attri bute of human nature, had here its shrine or its voluptuous image. ."Ye. men of Athens, all things which I behold bear witness to your carefulness iu religion." It was easier, said tho Roman satirist, to find a God than a man in Athens, And yet these men, with all their civilisation, with all their art aud poetry and philosophy, had not found'God, aud, notwith standing all the statues and altars they had orectoil, were aware that they had not found Him; for St. Paul, as ho traversed their ro- splendont city, and beheld their devotions, had found an altar with this inscription, "To ti1e Uxkxown' Goo." Referring then to thoso "certa'n philosophers of tho Epicureans and of tho Stoics," who encountered tho apostle, he briefly sketched "the two great systems of Greek speculation, and their inllucucc on the morality, of the ago : tho pantheism uf the Stoics, who recognised in tho uuivcr.se a rations', organising soul which pro duced all tilings and absorbed all things— wlio perceived iu pleasure no good, in pain no evil — who judged virtue to be virtue and vice vice according as they conformed to reason ; the materialism of tlie Epicure mis, who perceived in creation a fortuitous concourse of atoias, acknowledged no godhead, or, at best, an un knowable, irresponsible godhead, throned in happy indilference far beyond'human impetra- tion, taught that tho soul perished ns the body perished, and was dissipated liko a streak of moving cloud into the inGnite azu-o of tho main. Following Paul as tho philosophers "took hiin and brought liim unto Areopagus," where from imme morial -time til# judges, seated ou touches hewn out of tho rook, had sat under tho wit nessing heavens, passing sentcuce .a the grentost criminals and deciding tho most solemn questions of religion, ho glanced down unco more at tho city glittering with temples and thronged with gods and goddesses, and bringing iuto broad contrast the radiant Apollo nnd voluptuous Aphrodite, with the scourgtd and thorn-crowned figure on tho cross, he read the message of tho apostle to the pagan world. On how many altars to il ay might not the words " To the Unknown God" be fittingly inscribed? " Iu Him we live, nnd move, and have our being ;" but bow few of us have " folt after" aud found liim ? In a strain of impassioned eloquence the preacher spoke of that unseon sustaining presence which brooded over and encompassed us ; of the yearning of tho human heart for communion with the Creator; of the cry of anguish which roso from tho depths of our being, when our oyes acliod with straining into tho night and saw nothing, when our quivering hands wero reached ont into tho in finite and clasped but darkness ; of tho in tense need we fait for a personal, tangible, sympathetic Being, for an incarnation of the divinity ; of thoio ecstatic ascensions of tbo soul, in which roan " felt after" and actually touched God ; aud, as he spoke, liii glowing words gradually ceased to convey any definite meaning to the great majority of his hearers ; but ono face, flushed with joyous intelligence, one young beautiful face, with large, liquid blue eyes of worship, and with eager, tremulous Hps, was all the while turned fixedly up to his. Seated in a littlo enrtained nook near the organ, a slim, fair girl of two and -twenty watched tho presoher with almost broathlcss earnestness. Sho was a bright little fragile looking blossom of a being, who seemed scarcely to have yet slipped out of her girl hood. Iler face was of that delicate white, tinged with a spot of pink, which so often indicates a consumptive constitution, but in her case this delicacy of complexion was owing rallior to the fineness of tlie material of which nature had moulded her. Light fine hair, in silky confusion rather than curls, clustered about her forehead and temples, nor little hands still clasped the musle book from which sho had been pluying an accompaniment of the hymn— for Edith Dove was tho organist of St. Cuthbert's— as though from the outset slio had been too absorbed to remember that Blicr was holding it. Occasionally the vi&r; turned towards tbo aisle in which sho sat, and his glanco rested on her for a moment, and each time thoir eyes met Edith's heart beat moro rapidly, and a deoper tingo of roso color brightenod her cheeks. But Mr. Santloy showed no sign of kindred emotion ; he was wholly absorbo! in tho fervid thoughts which (lowed from his lips in such strains of exaltation. As his eves wandered over tho congregation, however, ho Binlilenly saw another face which was turned attentively towards him, anil which mado liim pause abruptly. He stopped in the inid.it of a sentence. He folt tho action of his heart cease, and ho knew that the blood was driven from his cheeks, lie looked dazedly down at his manuscript, hut was utiablo to find the place where his memory had failed him. For a few seconds thoro was dead silence in tho church, and tho oyes of the congregation were turned inquiringly towards the pulpit. Then, stammering and flushing, he resumed almost at haphazard. But the enthusiasm of tho preacher had deserted him ; his attention was distracted by a rush of recollections and feel ings which lie could not banish ; the words he had written seemed to him foreign and pur poseless, and it was ouly with a resolute effort that he constrained himself to read tho paral lel ho had drawn between the pantheism and materialism _ot" the days-of St. l'aul and those of our own time. To the close of his aermon lie novor oucc ventured to turn his eyes again in tile direction of that face, but kept them fixed resolutely upon his manuscript. Not till ho had descended the pulpit steps and was crossing tho chancel did he hazard a glance across the church towards that disquieting ap parition. When the service was ended, nnd the choristers, headed by tho cross-bearer, had passed in procession down the nave to tho vestry, tho vicar hastily disrobed and issued into the churchyard. As with a strange flut- tering hopefulness he had half anticipated, he was bting waited for. A lady was moving slowly about among the graves, pausing now and aga'n to road an inscription on a stone, but keepiug a constant observation on tho church doors. As ho cania out of the porch she ad vanced to meat him, with a smile upon tho face which had so terribly disconcerted him, Sho was a most beautiful, starry-looking crea ture — a tall, graceful, supple figure, with the exquisitely moulded head of a Greek statue ; a delicato creamy complexion suffused with a blush-rose tint ; large lovely black eyes full of fire and softness ; long, curved, black oyc- lashe.s ; a prnfiiaionof silky black hair parted in little waves ou a broad bright forehead ; and a pair of sweet red lips." Sho held out a little white baud lo him, aud, as ho took it, ttieir first words were uttered simultaneously, " Ellen !" " Mr. Sautley !" " I nover dreamed,", said the vicar, ex citedly, " I never dared to hope, to see you agaiu 1" " Oh, tho world is very small," she replied gaily, " aud peoula keop crossing each other at the most unexpected times and in the oddest of places. But I am so glad to see you. Are you doing well? You can scarcely imagine how curious it was when I r«cognised-you to day. Of course I had heard your name as our vicar, hut I had m) idea it could be you." " I am sure you aro not moro glad than I Of," rejoined the vicar, " Aro you staying at Omherloy '! Have you friends hero ?" Sho regarded liim for a moment with a mixed expression of surprise and amusement. "Do you not know that I am ono of your parishioners now ?" sho asked, with a pleasant la ugh. Ho looked wondcriugly into her dark, joyous eyes, and felt a sudden senso of chill and darkness within him, as a quick intelli gence of who and what she now was flashed into his mind. "Aro you at tho Manor?" ho asked, in a low, agitated voice. " Yes," she answered, without noticing his emotion. " We arrived ouly yesterday, and have hardly had time. yet to feel that wo are at home ; hut I could uot resist the inclina tion to soc 'what sort of a church, and what sort of a vicar," she added, witli a glance of sly candor, " are had at St. Cuthbert's. I am really so glad I caino. Of courso you will call and sco us as soon and as often as you can, will you not ? Mr, Haldanc will be de lighted, I know." " You are very kind," said the vicar, scarcely awaro of what ho was saying. "Indeed, I wish to be so," she replied, smiling. " Of course you kuow Mr. Hal- dane ?' "No ; I have not yet had tho pleasnro of meeting him. He — you had gone abroad bo- fore I came to Omberley." " Thon you have not been here long ?" " Not quite a year yet." " And do you liko tho place and the pcoplo ?" " Both, very much indeed !" " You aro not married yet, I think Mr. Haldane said ?" Tho vicar looked at her witli a sadness that was almost reproachful as he answered, " No ; I have my sister living with me." " 1 low pleasant ! You must bring Mias Santley with you when you come, will you not ?" As sho spoke she moved slowfy towards tho gateway opening ou to tho road, where a little basket carriage awaited her. He accom panied her, and for a few seconds there was silcnco between thorn. Then they shook hands again before she got into the carriage, and she repeated lior assurance— " I am so glad to have met you, Mr. Sapt- icy : She took tho reins, and, lightly flicking tlie ponies with the whip, flashed upon him a fare well smilo from those dark, spiritual eyes and laughing lips. Tbo vicar turned back into the churchyard, and following a narrow path that led across the sward throngh a wiekot and a omall beech plantation, entered tho Vicarage with a pale, troublou face. Chatter II. — At the Vicarage. When lie reached tho house ho found that Ids presence was needed at the bedside of a laborer, who had mot with a serious accident a day or two before, and who was now sinking rapidly. Mr. Santley was a man who never begrudged time or trouble in tho interests of bis parishioners ; and, thongh he had yet an other sorvico to attend, and was already fa tigued by the work of the day, ho readily sig nified his willingness to comply with tho re- quost of (lie dying man, and at onco startod for the village. He fait at tlio moment that tho duty placed before him would be a relief from tho thronging reoolloctions and the wild promptings which had set. his heart and brain in a turmoil. As he went down tho road, however, tho face of tho dying man who had sent to seek his priestly aid, and tho face of the beautiful wife of the owner of Foxglovo Manor, seemed to be striving for mastery over him ; ho was unable to concentrate his atten tion on any subject. His will was in abey ance, anil ho appeared to himself to bo in n sort of waking nightmare, in which the mosl distorted thoughts of marriage aud death, of a lost love and of n lost God, of the mockery ol life, the mockery of youth, tho mockery of religion, presented themselves before liim in a hideous masquerade, till tho function he waa about to fulfil uppcared to him at one moment a sacrilege and at another a degrading folly, To understand in some degree the vicar's menial condition, it is necessary to glanco back onjiis past life, Iu early manhood Gharlus Santley had been seriously impressed with tho sense of a special vocation lo a reli gious life. Ho was tho son of a wealthy mer chant, whoso entire fortune had perished iu one of our great commercial crises, aud Whose death had followed c!oo upon his ruin. Up to that period Charles had been undecided as to his choice of a pursuit ; but tho necessity of making an immediato selection resulted iu his devoting himself to the church. Barely sufficient had been saved from the wrcok of their property to support his widowed mother and his sister. For himself, ho was endowed with a splendid physique, a keen intellect and indomitable energy, and he at once flung him self iuto bis now career, no supported him self by teaching until he avas admitted to orders, v.hcn he obtained a curacy, and even tually, through tho interest of some old friends oi his father, lie was presented with ' the living of St. Cuthbert's. In tho course of these years of struggle, however, there wj as gradually developiug avithiu the man a spirit which threatened to render his succeis avorso than useless to hiin. Ardent, emotional, pro foundly convinced of the eternal truths of re velation and of the glorious mission of tho ' church, the young clergyman was at the eamd lirfie boldly speculative aud keenly alive to the grandiose developments of the modern schools of thought. It was not till he stood ou the extreme verge of scienco and looked beyond that ho fully realised his position, lie then perceived with horror that it was no longer impossible — that it wa3 oven no longer difficult — to rigid the great messago of re demption as a dream of tlie world, "the glo rious faith of Christendom as a purely ethnic mythology, morality as a merely natural growth of a natural instinct of self preserva tion. Indeed, the difficulty consisted in be lieving otherwise. Tho Fatherhood of a per. sonal God was slipping nway from his soul ; the Sonship of a Saviour was melting into i) fantastic unreality ; the conviction of a per sonal immortality was dissipated into mental mist and darkness. The mystery of evil was growing into a fiendish enigma ; virtue passed him, and showed herself to be a hollo w ' mask. Ilis whole nature roso in revolt against this hovnblo scientific travesty of God's universe. Ho shrank back alike from the new truths and from tho theories evolved from them. His faith could not stand the test of the wider knowledge. If God were indeed a myth, im mortality but a dream, virtue an unprofitable delusion, man simplv a beast gifted witli speech, better tho old faith concerning all these— ac cepted tliongh it were iu despite of reason and in outrage of immortal truth — than the hideous simulacra of the new philosophy. He cast himself back upon tho bosom of tho church ; he clung to her as to tho garmont of God ; but ho was powerless to exorcise the spirit of scepticism. It rose before him in sacred places, it scoffed at his most earnest and impassioned utterances ; he seemed to hear within himself cynical laughter as he stood at the bedside ol the dying; when ho knelt to pray it stood at his ear and suggested blasphemy ; it converted tho solemn light of the church iDto a motley atmosphere of superstition ; it stimulated his strong animal nature to the very bounds ol self-restraint, Still, if he was unable to exor- ciso it, ho had yet tho strength to contend with and to master it, Precisely because he was sceptical he was rigid in outward doctrine, zealous for forms, and indefatigable iu the discharge of his clerical functions. In his pas sionate endeavor to convince himself, he con vinced his bearers and confirmed them in the faith iu which he was himself unable to trust- To-day the old conflict between the sacerdo tal and tho sceptical was complicated hy new elements of spiritual discord. After seven years of hopeless separation, Charles Santley had once moro stood face to face with tho em bodied dream and inspiration of his early man hood, and had fonnd her, in tho full lustre of her peerless womanhood, another man's wife. During thoso years he had, it was true, recon ciled himself to what thon had boon forced upon him as the inevitable, and ho had sternly set himself to master the problem of bis exist ence, without any secret hopo that in tha' coming years his 6ucccss might bring her within his reach ; but he had never forgotten her. She was to him tho starry poetry of his youth. Ho looked back to the time when ha had first known and loved her, as a sadder and a wiser world looks back to tho Goldon Age, The memory of her was tho ghost of an ancient worship, flitting in a dim rosy twilight about the Elysian fields of memory, and, it being twilight, the fields were touched with a hal- owed feeling of loss and a divine sentiment of regret. And now — oh, bitter irony of time aud fortune ! — now that ho had achieved suc- cess, now that all tlio old gulfs which hail separated them were spanned with golden bridges, now that ho might have claimed bee and she might have been proud to acknowledge tho claim, sho onco more crossed his life — a visiou of beauty, a star of inspiration — and onco more he knew that sho was hopelessly, infinitely more hopelessly than over, raisod beyond Uis reeking. Tints turns the olil days to derision. Our loves Into corpses or wives ; Aud marriage and death and division MaUe barren our lives 1 He was detained so long at tho bedside of tho dying man that by the time he had again reached tho- vicarage the bells were ringing for evening service and the western sky was ablaze with sunset. In tho church the light streamed through the lancets nnd tho painted casements, filling the air with motley breadths of glowing color, and painting piljar and arch and tho brown saudstono with glorious blazonry. Even in tho enrtained nook near the organ the space was flooded with enchanted , lights, and Edith Dove sat beside the tall gilded instrument liko a picture of St. Ceoilla in an illumined missal. In the pulpit the- - Vicar stood aB U transfigured. He spoke, too, as though ho felt that this -were the splendor of a new heaven opening upon a new earth, and the glad rustle of tho . trees in tho cool breeze outside were'the murmurs of T-adise « We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be chanced " were the words of his text, and throughout the fervid exposition ot the apostle's faith in the resurrection the sweet bine eyes and the eager Hps of the organist were turned towards tho preacher. He seemed this evenin", however, to be unconscious of licr presence. Ho addressed himself entirely to the listeners in the pews in front of him, and never cast even a solitary glance towards the aisle where sho sat. _ At the close of the service Edith found Hiss Santloy waiting for ber at the entrance. It had now been customary for several weeks past for Miss Dove to go over to the vicarage on Sunday evening and lemain to supper with Mr. Santley and his sister. They went slowly through tho churchyard together, and took the littlo path which led to tho house. They re- jnained chattiDg at the wicket for a few 'moments, expecting the appearance of the -vicar. When Mr. Santley issued from the church, however, he passed quickly down tlio gravolled walk to tho high road. Ho had thrown a rapid look towards the plantation, and had seen the young Women, bnt he gavo no indication of having observed them. , , . "Why, Charles is not coming ! exclaimed Miss Santley, with surprise, ns she saw her .brother. " Ho snrcly cannot be going down to Omberley again." " He is not going to Omberley, dear, said Edith, who bad been watching for the vicar, tmdliad been keen cnongh to notice the hasty glance lie had cast in their direction. " Ho is going up the road." "Then wherever can he be going to ? And fee has not hnd tea yet, poor fellow !" Miss Santley stepped a few paces back into the churchyard, and stood on tip-toe to catch h glimpse of him over tho hedge; but tho Vicar had already passed out of sight. "Hevcr mind, dear," she said to Edith. "Shall we go in and have a little chat by ourselves 1 He may have Eome sick call or other, and he is sure to bo back soon, or he Would have told me where he was going. Come, youneedn'tlooksosad," MissSantley continued, as she observed tho expression of her com panion's face. "I didn't think I wa3 looking sad," replied Edith, blushing. i "-Oh, yes, yon were ; dreadfully," said Miss Santley, laughing in a bantering manner, " You don't think Mr. Santley is— is not quite well ?' asked Edith, timidly. " Oh no ; Charles ia quite well, I am sore." " Perhaps he is displeased with something," said Edith, as if speaking to herself rather than to Miss Santley. " What a littlo fidget yon are !" said her companion, taking tho girl's arm. " I know what yon- are thinking of. I am sure ho has -no cause to bo displeased with you, at Any rate." "I hope not," replied Miss Dove, brighten- . Ing a little.' "Only I felt a misgiving. You do feel misgivings about all uorts of things, don't you, Mary, without knowing why — a sort Of presentment and an uneasy feeling that Something is going to happen ?" " Young peoplein love, I believo, experience feelings of that kind," said Miss Santley, with mock gravity. " Come in, you dear littlo goose, and don't vox your poor wee heart like that. He will he hack before we havo got half ©nr talk over." The vicar strode rapidly along the Toad nntil fee readied tho summit of a rising ground, from whidi he conld see two counties spread Onl before liim in fruitful undulations of field and-mcadow and woodland. The sunset was horning down in front of liim. Far away in thndistant landscape ware soft mists of bine smoke rising from half bidden villages, and hero ""d thcro flashed points of brightness where -tho sun strnck on tho windows of a farmstead. On either hand were great ex panses of yellowing corn swaying in tho cool breeze and reddening in the low crimson light. He left tho road, and passed through a gate into one of tho fields. Following a footpath, he wont along the hedge till ho reached a stile, Horn he was alone and concealed in a vast sea of rustling corn. Ho sat down on the top of the stile, and, resting his elbows on his knees and his chin in his hands, gazed abstractedly into tho glowing west. A single word which escaped him betrayed the workings of his inind : " Married !" Seven .years ago, when Charles Santley be- gau'his struggle in life, he obtained from a clerical friend a position as teacher of classics in a seminary for young ladies in a small sen. eidbtown-in a southern county, He found his new labor especially pleasant. A handsome young professor, whose 'attention was fixed on thocbnrch, and who intended to devote him self .to her service, was cordially welcomed by thedevout ladies who conducted the establish ment. Tiioy were three sisters who had been ovorlooked in the wido yearning crowd of un loved womanhood, and who had turned for consolation to tho mystical passions of religion, Untior their care a bevy of bright young crea tures were brought up as in the chaste seclusion of a convent. Their impressionable natures were surrounded by a strange artificial at mosphere of spiritual emotion ; life shone in upon them, ns it wore, through the lancets of ft mcdiaival ccelesiasticism, and their young hearty breaking iuto blossom, wero colored onqo and for ever with those deep glowing tints. It was liore tliat the yonng man, in tho first dawn -of the romance of manhood, met tho beautiful girl who was now the wifo of tho owner of Foxglove Manor. Slie waj then turned of seventeen, and had became aware of the first sliy longings and sweet impulses of her nature. Sho was -his favorite pupil, and sat at his right hand at'tho long table when be ' gave his lessons. Ho used her pen and pencil, referred to her books, touched her hand with his in the ordinary work of tho leBsim. Her clothes touched his clothes beneath the table. At times their foet met accidentally. Slio re gularly put a flower in a glass of water before his.piace. All these trifles were the thrilling incidents of a delicious romance which the school girl was making in her flurried little heart Ho, too, was not insensible to the trifles which affootod his passionate pupi.l. Her great dark eyes sent electric flashes, through him. Iter breath reached him sweeter than roses. , Her beautiful dark hair rubbed against his shoulder or his cheok, and ho tried to pre sent the- hot blood from flushing into - his face. When -their hands touched he could have watched hers and kissed it Ellen Derwcnt was happily not a hoarder at the establishment, but resided with her annt. Her family were wealthy country people, and Ellen, who had been ailing for a littlo while, had been ordered to the sea Bide for change of air. Early in the bright mornings, and after the day's schooling was over, Ellen wandered about the sea shore or took long walks along the cliffs. Santley met ho first by accident, and after that, though tho meetings might still be called accidental, each know that to-mor row and to-morrow and yet again to- morrow the same instinctivo feeling — call it a divine chance or love's premonition — wonld bring them together. Ah happy, radiant days by that glad sea and in the wild loveliness of thoso romantic cliffs ! Oh, vision of flushed. cheek and sinn ing eyes, and sweet red lips and throbbing bosom I Oh, dim heavenly summer dawns, when the sea mists were just brightening, and tho little birds were singing, and the sea side town was still half asleep, and only two lovere were walking hand in hand along the green brow of the cliffs ! Oh, sweet autumn twi lights wliicli tiie shining eyes seemed to fill with dark burning lustre ! Oh, kisses, sweeter than ever pressed by woman's lips before or since ! Oh, thrill of clasped hands and mad palpitations of ioviDg bosoms 1 The swaying corn sounded like the sea as the hreezo passed over it, and the murmur broko the vicar's reverie, " Married 1" Married ? Yes, married ! The sweot secret conld not b9 kept for ever, and whon Mis3 Lil- burn, "Ellon's aunt, discovered it, sho at once spoke to Mr. Santley. She did not oppose his Buit — indeed, she liked him greatly, but love after all was no mere school girl's dream. "Was he in a position to maim Ellen his wife ? In any case, they must know about It at home. If Mr. Derwent approved, slio would bo most happy that Mr. Santley should visit hor ; but, in the meantime, it was only prudent that Ellen should . discontinue theso pleasant rambles, " He had never seen Ellen sinco, until her face made liis heart stand ul ill in the midst of liis sermon. The vicar rose from the stile with clenched hands and set tcotb. "Bitter, bitter !"- he said, raising Ids face to the sky and slinking his head as thongh ho saw above him an invisible face, and spoke half in exquisite pain, half in stoical endur ance. 