SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. TURF NOTES. Acceptances for the A.R.C. Queen's Birth- day Cup, run on Monday, May 26, become due on Tuesday, May 20, also for the minor handicaps run on the first and second days racing, May 24 and 26, with the secretary at 4 p.m. Hie weights for the third tinja racing of the A li.C Mil) 31 «ill not be issued until lutada*. 27, theda} after the Birthdaj Cup *cceptnncca «ill be declared on Wednesday, May 2b _ntrics for the AVjndham Autumn Meetinç, must bt made to da>, at Bow ess Hotel, until lpm ntul with the secietar), nt Werribee, up to b dO p m SOUTH AUSilULIAN JOCkhY CLUB Ml LTING TIIIUD D«VY-Satuiid/i, Mu 17 [BY irL.GKAWi] (HtOM Till. 81LCIU CORltFSPONDENT OK " rllL AUbTltAI ASIA!, ) ADLLUDr, S.urdiv The °outli Australian Jocke) Club meeting was brought to n conclusion to da} The weather wits an)thin, but piomibinp;, but in spite of the glooms aspect of the sit} there waa a tooti attendance on the ground lho rueiiii, ptsstd oil without an} hitch mid the \ ísitois elijo} e 1 an excellent el i) a sport, 1 he opening eient on the pioeramme w is tho Second Ilur Ile Knee for winch Hie Aient and 1 letitious were the onl} horses stippoited m the betting hhl. though molle} was put on e\cr} lioiae in the te tulisitor Hie rice was in realit} confined to 1 letitious and Hie Agent none of the others haunt; tno moat remote chance 1 letitious w as in a l,ood position at the 1 ist hurdle hut loat (.round through, stumbling und Hie A"cnt he it lum uimlj Hie sum of il,01S wns nut throuji the totahsator the dm lend bcinir ¿_'0 Ita Hire« }oungaters started for the lu\cnile Scllinc, leuce, for which Black an 1 W hite w as m ule t. strong lav unte Kachel went to the front soon alter the} gol nwn) and though she tiled terribl) tt the lliush the otliers were in no better case an J the lill) passed the post a couple of lengths clear in lr int. Hie winner waa bought b) Mr 1 "an for CO guine ia Ihe totahsator dt\iden 1 wus ±.3 Ida lli.l l)iii|. Handicap brought out a acote of starters but owing to the hea*.) lall of ram dunn" which the ruc was run buthttlt could be been \ lrtue m ide the rumnu" to the turn tor home, where Lord Wiitin and Claptrap close 1 on her Dutchni in then carne up with a line lush and gained the \le tor) b) a length Hie behm lour of man) of the joel e) s at the post w aa \ cr) reprehensible and most of tht m were lined Hie lire.e sum of £d OOj w as put through the totulisator the di*, idem] bcin"i.l>l 17s Hitsteepleehuse brought out a laid ot la horses and 1 uehre left the paddocl at \er) short odds Hie disasters oc"an eirl) in the race, luimc of .mmomta fulling at the first fence M)stcn fell bton after while leading ll)pernn led moat of the iirt.t round and then bim* wa) ti Iaxara\acum, «ho led to tue far turn when ho was displaced b) Uoternor Luclire run in i t,ood position all the wa), und catch in,; Governor at the turn beat lum in the run home b) ii len"th Bob Cooper who enuc well in the hist quarter of a mile waa t "ood third Hie totalibiitor du ltlend w na td ha 1 he last race of the meet in" wastheh A J G llandicip lor w Inch only three st.uted Conjeetuie waa finountc, lut sue, disappointed her backets, and waa only able to secure third place, and Claptrap won ciml) lho totahsator dividend was £3 us Hie bum of £11 IS! was put through the machine durm" the din Hie following aro the particulars oi the rucnu, - bl COM) I1UHDL1 Hi«, Of.» sots each with loo sot s addel Ab^utttio m les Mr 1 D I urlon" « eli li II o Agent bj Slanderer f ) ra lOat fcli (C1 aston) 1 Mr o S Hucheas b m 1 ictlt ous, n.cd lOat (Corri.-un) 2 Mr S I orr) she, No1 hellt n"td flat (Marett) J Mr II \\\ llarsletts br c \i.tula dira, Oat 71b ll.otdc) 0 Mr It I Moores br m Mcsalltniico a.td Jst. "1b (Munie) 0 Mr H Uulhths b ¡, pmi.foot 0 >rs 9st 51b (Burke) 0 ltcttin,,-5 to 1 each aga The A"cnt and 1 letitious r to 1 a. tam otl or Mes Illa ice lias tlrst aitai and l,ou s rotmd tho far turn she coined t lead of three lcn.tlu \ tutula « is at the head of ti c others «ho iveru «eil spread out In Uo ètralc.ht \ l.tul t «cut to thu front and led i att the htan 1 four le "ths in front of Mesalliance ïho A.cut nul 1 ictitious « ero next wlnl.t Surine, foot lias toilitlc. hoj elessli m ti o roar rho horaes tan in the ban o or 1er aloi c, ti o hack stretch and roundlnc, thu far turn lho \0cnt 1 ad cono up to Mstul t «holer) soon coi ipounded and the A"unt cimen«ai with a good lead \s thci a] ] roache 1 tit tutu luto tlio striinht 1 letitious graluillt diet up to the lea 1er At the last hurdle the \ tir t el o ncirh le c1 I ut in the r in home The A,cut bett him cahill bl four lengths Ned kell*. Mas a ba 1 third Tune 1 u -s JUALMc-k SIILINCÎ lt\CL Of 100 soi s lort«o tear oldj I lie furlongs Mr It Grllllth s 1 r f 1 achacl b) T lill of thu Hill (ijO) 7st dib (Lracl null) 1 Mr r M Nanala, bl e, Black and W bite (£j0) 7st dib (san lera) 2 Mr « A Ilk tes eh f Czarina (£.,0) 7at (Weasel) 3 llittinc, -5 to 1 on mack an 1 White lho fatourlte p/ot aita) in front but «is soon j asscd 1) Uachnol who Iel the icat of the ilstiuee au I non I j a coll) lu of lengths lllnclc tnd White liuishcd four len0thb m front of Canina lime lui Ois FLilNQ HYVD1CU*, Of S sots each «ithlOObOis ad led Six turlon,s Mr J T Winterbottom s bl h lnitehm n b) lloucstlsh-Luterpo >}rs st olb (Caltipl c1 ) 1 Mr U 11 Tothill 8 eli o Lord \\\ ilton, J)ra 7su _lb (Hutchens) 2 Mr J Whittingham s bo Claptrap 4yrs 8. "lb (Williamson) J Sr 1 bomas thiers b o liassaliio 4)ra Jst 41b (Baw line») 0 Mr G U Macdonald s bl o Delmont, 4 j ra Sat Dib (Doiarti)) 0 Mr « Illioklors b f Gratitude J j ra, 7»t 01b (Hales) 0 Mr II Ii Tothill s eli o Surprise, 8 J ra, 7st 81b (Slimrad) 0 Messrs llobortson Bros' bf Content, 4 yrs, 7st, 71b (tage.) 0 Mr W Cro/Icr*s b I Luna, 4 j ra, 7st, "lb (I) Olirien) 0 Hun \\\ I carson abo Ironhand, 4 j rs, 7»t. G b (Uurpht) 0 Mr 1 O «ans ch g Shjlock, 6 yrs, "st Jib (Waller) 0 Mr I Coffe) a br o Wotonga, 8 J ra, 7st 81b (Tnompsoii) 0 SirThos Líder s ch o Uuiborto, S } ra, 7st. 81b (Cope) 0 Mr S I orr) a ch o Tho Baron, 2 j ra, 7st 21b (Lthcrldco) 0 Mr C L Macdonald a br f Bcllamco 2 )rs, 7at (Mair) 0 Mr 11 W Harslctts br g Vistula, 8 jrs, 7st. (loon) 0 Mil M .Ñamara s ch o Manfred, 2 j ra 7st (Sou dem) 0 Mr K Griillth a brf Urtuo, 3} ra, Ost 61b (Crack nell) 0 Mr C \\\ Bo» man 8 br o Latillgtou 2)ts Cat (\\\ ca.de) 0 Mr S 1 orr) a b o Joskin 2) ra 0»t (rhuairin) o Betta t - 5 to 1 tt">t Claptrap 0 to 1 u"st Uixsanlo 7 to 1 a.st Manfred 10 to 1 a.bt I una an I \ lrtue The race was run during a hean fat inn of ian tihich nudo it iinpossiblo to distinguish the colouis luna led allai, Virtue Claptiup llastuio and the liaron at tho head of the others Before c,oin" fir \irtuo passel Ima and Clattiap went into to third | lace Tho horses ran i i ti o s tine order to the lum for homo whcielorl Wllto i s colo irs wer bhottin" uioniincntli whilst Dutchman al 1 Shtlocl woruuniuit.bt theleadl gdiilsion llilfnai up ti e Ktnhjht Dutehn an shot to the fiont ni 1 le {1 oin a »mi cr b) a len, th from iori Wilton C11] trap com i p t irtl Luna nil 1 t ratlttl le it ere noxt lu that order and Loinei t «as 1 ist lune lui Ibis brfcFULcnvsi Of 10 sois each with 20)sovs ailed ¡-ccoi 1 horse tore elie Osois Mo It lh ce i lleJ Mr Caltcrts b " 1 uchre l) \ i0abond-chucen of li arta a.t 1 ll.t lb (Cirti) 1 Mi I II Ke.lslr "toierior 5 tra lOst l'lb (CUst i) 2 Mr W e. inn s 1 t Lol) Cooler S )r¿ lOst 211 (Corr "a i) I Mr I U nilibili, laxara\aeu I i.c 1 KW 'oib (ilusse)) 0 .r It 1 Moores b(,Iiiiaic of D anionds n,c 1 lu t Lib (le 11 ill) 0 Ml J I eel a bri. Nooroo- n,id 10 t ill (UttU) 0 Ml 1 M Stn aras bl y M}»tcr) a"td Uat lulb (li s>ctt) 0 Mr W \ lítate» c, k lelll Mice ntcJ Ust, ' h (Munro) 0 Mr (I b Hughes ch c, Chostcr, Ü }ra Oat Jib (II 11)) 0 Mr 1 GrMitlm bl u Last Card 0 1rs 9,t lib (Iluikc) 0 Mr I Uui.hsb(,I)rou(,htoii «trs 1st (Bc-tclnin) 0 e rs ltobertaun Biolhora b t li) I erna Ojrs U.t (Koa ) Ü Mr O a llil"h.sa b y Lnion Jack 0 ) ra Oat (lo cr) 0 Lettin.- to"a"st Lur-hro 1 to 1 aj t Coiornor 5 to 1 a.st Hob Co ] er Ü t j 1 i"st Pa\ u ixacu i & to 1 a.,st M)»teri and lu to 1 a9st u ) other Nooroo., le 1 a t ti 11\ raxacum and Iltpcrna 1 e n^ at ti c head of tho others At the turn i ast tho stand Not rout, an 1 li) i erna wore together Ki aio of 1 au o ds fell at the «rat fence tljln, nloi c tho 1 ick stretch li) \ erna h id taken the lead anlM)stcr) No ron. Taianxauin Goicrnor an 1 *uc re wei^ fjlloiiu (, lu tint or 1er _) ttcij then went to tile fiul t out fell at the next fence II) 1 cn a then led to the fe ices In front of the stand lil ere she was » issc 1 b) Gotcrtiorj Tuxaraxacum and luchrc «1ère Noorong taulkcd and l«xa raxacutn ti cn tient to tho fror t 1I)| erna Cloternor 1- uchrc, and I ast Curd follow mc, faxaraxacum had a a c,ood lead itlon;, tlio back stretch ali 1 Govoruoi and i uclire it ero next together with II)pcrna and Last Card closo up and Bob Cooper was foljoitinn about six lengths off last Last c. Lrd f0U at the far turn, and GuVcn or then took tho lead «¡th fucllre and Taxaraxaciim \cr) close Bob Cool or was full) a dozen lcn"thsnwa\ but as the) approached tutn for hone Bob Cooper uni roved l'is position and Xaxarax-acum foil 1 nek beaten In thebtraieht Luehro catnoawa) and «on bj a leiifeth from üovornor who «as the hame distance in front of Bob Cooper Taxa raxacum lias fourth, olf,ht lengths ann) Tuno Uni 43s 8 A J 0 HANDICAP Of 6 cots each with 100 «ova added. Two milos Mr J W hlttlii0hnin s b c Oat trap !) Tim Whllllcr-ralkatltc 4) rs, 7st Jb (ilalu) 1 Messrs Kobertson Brothers', b m Lancaster 6 ) rs, 0,t Mb (lajT,) 2 SirThos Elder'aoh f Conjecture 4 j ra Ost 121b (Crucknoll) 8 Betting -2 to 1 on Conjecture, 7 to 4 ngst Clap trap Lonjocturo led nwa) with Lancaster closo up whilst Claptrap bogan slowly As thoy on toro 1 tho straight rumiinj; Lancaster took first place and Claptrap was running about six lciifjtris bohlnd Bounding tho turn past the stand, Conjocti.ro went up to lancaster, and tho pair raced together along tho hack stretch llniíiKlliig- the far turn Conjecture droninl bael:, omi Claptrap beean to iniro\o his position As tlie) approachetl tho turn for homo Claptrap*» cut past Conjecture and then Laniastor, nnd led como an easy w Inner hy throo longths and Lancaster heat CoLjcoturo hy a loiuth for Second plaLe Time, 3m 44s CANTERBURY PARK MKET1NO I SATURDAY, Mai 17 I [BY SPECIAL WIRE ] (PIIOM OUB OWN CO1.UESP0NDI.VT ) S\DNEY, Satuiuui. The Winter Meeting at Canterburj park was held to du,, mid despite the innumerable counter attractions pre\ ullin,; thero was a good attendance The club ure particularly fortunate in ha", ing a meeting on the oecu sion of fine Heather, and, with good fields and Bonn, fair racing an en io) able gutheiiug » as provided A great number of well known Victorian »porting men \v.ere prebcnt, » ho intend being present at our approach ing sporting carni\nl During the hrst race the following bojs were ulled bj the com mittee for disobudience to the starter (Mr Gannon) --Gough und btacey, £3each, Lead beater, Kelso, JLlhs, and bmith, ii each Donald Nicholson was unfortunate to get another lucie on his riL,ht knie besides running againit i post, which will interfere considerably with his riding llurteen biddled up for the Ashheid Handicap, nnd Uattadous was installed iuAounte at J to 1 butbeloie the fall of thu th.¿ Pinateer usurped the position, and le turned his .stubb a nice win tor tlie coull dence reposed in lum htitnplui run a e,ood second, und if moie use hail bien ninde ot liattiulous he would hine been \erj troublesome at the iinish After an adjouin ment for luncheon, the belling Huco absorbed attention l'uni was \er) quicklj m ide the m\ounte, commencing at 0 to 1 ii st he quickl) rose to b to 1 on lum Hie liutlimsl lilly, Kestrel, w us supported at 3 to 1, und Kath leen Aluwiuruecn, who has now joined A L Lorim eil s stable, found friends at C lol, which she re«arded bj winning easilj, the fa\ourite being beaten badil Ihe winner was niter » urdí bought in lor 100 Out of the nine candidate» that sported silk for tlie \N inter Jiundicup nothing would go down with the pulihc but J indus, about whom tin) took J to 1 Puliirendn, was b icked for a little at ?» to 1, and 1 ristiin c une at the last moment, and «as supported at up to 5 to 1 Hie bon ot Julinu A-ieitel novel looked better and milli "end judges remarl ed tiiat he «as a mon likel) looking horse than his half brother, and on lins occisión ho clear!) demonstrated what he could do with those opposed to lum b) almost i uniting away from the field und then e ism/ oil ni the last few bernie . fililblan, who st.reed in the lirst race hut could onl) | ct lourth ?i eiiiit) Australian was the chuica in the Cumberland Handicap at 5 to 2 out ot the nine starters while lh)Ills, who w is the lust b telad, rcmiintd linn at 5 to 1 and at a point less Old Gold was backed 1 neild ship being supported bl her pitt) tow m a lair stake at 0 to 1 Old Rainbow, with C eo Williams who has just icturucd iiom New /eulund, m the saddle made all the minim/ for a mile, with l'hvlhs ulwios hnnd) Ona. m tlie stiaijit the mare drew cleir nwa), and althou"h the iaiouritc made an effort he nc\el could tot up, and 1 riLiidslup dl\ ided them Bl ltun, a \ei) handsome son of Joint Bull, w is in stalled hrst favourite at b to 1 iguinst him in the Held of H runinra for the Ladies Milo lo pio\e what a real got d tiling his part) bud, thev ne\ er stopped uceepttug 2 toi, and ne\ei beni- fuitherawu) than third hccmic round the nome turu full of running, and won m the excellent time ot Im öOia Appended ure the results - lill ASHllLLD HIMJICU, A sweeps ni cs of H sois each with 75 sovs added, second horso lri tovs bevon turlon.,* Mr A 1 bunn Ubi o 1 rivatoor, hy ltu¡ id lil)-. I al .chute Jj h "it Wh (Gou"h) 1 Mr L.Kc)sche, 1 atipan ana bst (Callnjiei) 2 Mr llios Sinall s eh e Battailous 1 ) ra, i»L lu h (-smith) I Mr M I Cortisu b c Boscawen 4 )rs 7st Ub (banifold) 0 Mr J K Martin uhr*, Boniface, ti ) is, 7st 101b (lilanell) 0 Mr J Cool-s ch g Wtiï-worls, 5 )rs, 7bt bib (bmith) 0 Mr M J I orreslerb b m Kathloen Mavourneen 0)rs "st (lib (Lcidheiter) 0 Mr r batupson s g c I e Beau 3 \ r> "st (he bo) 0 Mr T Shore ns b t Uhlan Sir« U-t 1.1b (aueej) U Mi J \ -Jatuuhun s b1 lu Meeranie, Ü )lj Oat Dib (le»I.) 0 Mr J Stcoiison . Jim eh g linder bo\ 4 )rs est lllb (lardner) 0 Mr T Ivor) s be Tristan, 1 )r. O.t 71b (Nichol bon) 0 Ur J Soiilsbell*von;*c G)rs Ost. 71b (Ulla) 0 Bettln.- 5 toi n.st lrivalccr 4 to 1 ngst]Uittlu lons r to 1 each a.at"ltatapluu an 1 Lu U m, 7 to 1 eaeh against Naiworks un I ItewiiLO Aftet eoiibidet il le del i) at Hi post, ou u "' to some of tho joel e\s diajl c> hit ihe stirtoi s orderb the llu" was lowerel to a Lood start Le I em au 1 I mater b ni'* ti o quiekest awav attende 1 b) Tristan He veu.o au 1 B-ttallous und Meei uno 11st As thev mee I ] e,t the tun I the bauie < i Iel « as ol -en c 1 until the 1 iclcof llioco ir.e wasrtaehed whctüthuíuiollilte went to the iiont and e.tabhsliel nL.ood leu.ths leal and Kelt on his rulinilie, I lerlit lui I the tiru wheie Battlilous on the other siJe ml I ali] lui i uno o it and dist laced Le Beau Instan also coiniiip vervliist with WiujiLs next Opj osltc the stn I HuUp m el .lleude 1 tho favourite but wa- I e iten iff hall n len, th with a nuck letwetn thu nee ni and Battillous instill Uaxworlh anl Kathie n Mi . o u ncen w ero neit and Lo Be iu and Meerauie w ere last lune, lm ¿is lill SLIUNG mci, Of 100 so'S, with 1 sweepstakes of 2 sois each ttei.htlora.c Oi e mile Mr W J loireaters b m Kutbleen iloioiiriiccn, 0 )rs, (lill) Ost. l'lb (Leldbeitcl) 1 Mr J hulton s hi f Kestrel J )rs (nil) Ost 71b (t Smith) 2 Mt Hum Bro mi s b h lau!, fi)rs (i.2j) 7st 71b (Meholbctl) li Mr L. h Cairoll s 1 r f Lvdtn, 4 ) ra, (i.25), 7st. jib (Gardner) 0 Mr M Moons hi in Black Bess, n,,cd (nil), Ust 1.1b (C reenlul.il) 0 Mr J L Browns brg 1 ritz 5)rs (nil) 0,t lllb (Ulis) 0 Mr \\\ Cos"ioic3 Jun br o Minoru J-.« (nil) übt Mb (.Milne) 0 llettliv-0 to 4 on I nul 5 to 1 a.»t Kestrel, 0 to 1 aast Katuleeii M iiourneeli The lot were nleel) de ) itched 111 lok Be>s and Kestrel behv the first ii« a) Hie htter es un e I co mu md as the) need p st the st md 1 \ hi I UU and lanl helm, the ne-,t lot with Mini, li I l.extiel continuel her lend riLht mt) tlie li mu stieteh wlutc the favouute eulie with a btlen^. tun on the ii bide but Kathleen \I.\outueoti on tile out i le ejuill],; ulth Jil lal) beathostiel I) a letiLth then c-unelaul I ritü Minerva I v Ila onl Uni le Time lm 'Os On the wnine- 1 elm, put u i lor tide she wa^purcl asejh) Mi eui nw ill foi ¿.0-0 HIL WINI! It IIINDICM, A6weepstal.es of 2 bovs catii with "Osovs n I led seeon i horso 10 sovs Six fuilon.a and a half Mr T Ivorvsl eln.Un b) Julian \venel-\oi bena J)r< 7st (Menolson) 1 Mr t s iiu| Jon s g o 1 iiiillus, 3 )rs "st 71b (Kelso) Mr L 1 bachss hr e Palaruidn Jjrs (J.t lill) (M Crith) Mr V. Cosgrove Jun's lr f ltoïel ud d)is let 1 li (Bniieli) 0 Mr J vlonajian us ch c I spie, e Jvrs 7st 'lb (smith) 0 Ml U Kelsosbf 1 t"r t 2\r. "st lb (I Ills) O Mr li Ileib rtseh Ibitki 2 ) rs st 71b ( lill e) 0 Mr W, H Irt mis eh e Warrill d )rs, Ust (Cal Iner) 0 Ca| Um I II L. llossls chll-al) Cluililoi 2)rs Ost. (S] der) 0 Beul i" - lo 1 n.st I inillus 1 to 1 eaeh a/st Ins tan ml I iHiu li Uteroie leal Ula) till Ile! 1 were hellt ( li th li jounev TrsUin I e"iet mid hs] 1 ^le wel the first, to move ai I the rest were to"etliel with W irrae ]i-t 1 esblne, th stan 1 IrHtan tool up the I limul. um I was nev laftenvarls Ile i led win iiu" wi li ti ,. -.reato» tase b) t io heaths whilst I tiilllltsi unevcrv la.tforse ond | I lee ii! Inlirelili sU lentths oil wastlnrl then Ijipe^lu uni the rest to0ethel with Wailau last lime lui tils HU CtlMlIl ULAM) II V.M11CU, A 6vve*-ps ni es of jsuvs e ich with 1.0 so.s ndde 1 teeuud bora -0 sovs Une mile and three fur lotus Mr C.CJ ta.aiishrf In) lill bv Cunnii di \crej -«nllvrov I MS tit 1 Ib (I oiulio) 1 Mr w J 1-uriestur s b f I nelidslilp 4)rs Ust "lb (Uudbltter) 2 Jlr 1 bmips m s br h \ouii» Australian, 0) is, O.t 01b (KelbO) I Mr 1- Komis eli li Old Gol I Jin B t nib 0 ¿lr J eoek s b t llliinbovv aged 7st 21b («li hams) 0 Mr I) Mcholsonsi-L luit nLed "st (Miliol on) 0 ¡ur li Hush s b f Itoseuiur) 1 ) rs (1st Jib ( Ul lopi ) 0 Mi J \ Hanrahans hie lion/ Bout, J)rs Ost (Lewis) 0 Mr V M Mullen's b t, Dof n ! mt 0 )rs Ost (Mlluo) 0 Bvtthi" -5 to2nsst'iouil,, Austialian 4 to 1 a,st Ol I Gold Oto 1 n.st lh) lils 0 to I unst Ira. hU1i|-> S to 1 a^s. lUlnbow As soon as tho liu^ was lowered 1 ueiidbl Ip went to tlie front but vv isquiekli i as-.e ! bv I ambo v who led i LSt the stand with I ililli« Ol 1 Oui I and hr en Ishlp tho rest to"üthci Bot / Bone, last 1 ubil ivv eon tmued hisleil alou-, tlie butti an 1 to the river side where 1 nelidslilp «i»| I leed him anl the favourite too* up third) os tion with Oil Col 1 ne\t As the hrsti auied quaitetto sivunj, round the home tutu 1 hvIlls joined friendship and the pair need nuav from their Held with Ol 1 Gold nn 1 \ouug Australian then folio viuif an I the other» leaton Opj osito the stand I n) ills drcu t lear from 1 nelidslilp ail 1 bu.it hel hall a leui-h \ouut, Australian was thlld, and Long IIoiil last lune -jil Öls TlIK LADItb' MILL, A bracelet valued 60 kovs for winner and a bracelet valued 20 sovs for sceond horse Mrs Roberts in b e; Briton, b) John Bull-Xan tippe ri ) rs, »bt (Lollov) 1 Mrs J Cook ns ch g Waxworks, G )rs, 10 _ (Uuxlo)) 2 Urs L. i Saclut n» br e I'olarenda, 3 v rs Sit 71b (Galln.hir) 3 Miss Town lis b c Nonimn, 4 )rs, lObt 41b (W11 kidson) 0 Mu J V Martin ns hr g Boniface, 0 )rs Ost Ub (Chitna)) 0 Miss Anthon) nu b g Uhlan 5 vrs Ost 81b (Mr (Andrews) . 0 Miss M Moore na b g Chovalier, »¿ed, Ost 41b (btacov) 0 Mr« 0 T Itoborts ns gr 0 Lo Beau, 8 yrs, Ost 21b (lt)an) " 0 Miss M Alister ns br o Minorca, 8 yrs, Ost 21b (Brandy) 0 Mrs J L Brown ns b g Fritz, 6 ) ra, Ost (Lins worth) 0 Mrs Stecnson, Jun , ns ch g Tindorbox, 4 )rs, 8st. 12lb (Gardner) 0 Miss L M Barden ns br h Brownie, aged, Htt 101b (Smith) 0 Mrs W C W Kitty nt ch e Carnation 8 yrs, 8st 71b (Daley) 0 Betting --0 to 4 ngst Briton, 6 to 1 cnob ngst Cho valier and i'olarenda, 0 to 1 agst Waxworks. Tlio l8 horses wore not kept long in suspenso, Chcv a licr and the favourite being quickest on tholr legs, an and I alarei la «1th 1 tim stand at tho back diet tiler hail estai lished a time lengths le ti ulakine; c,roat paco tho faiotlrltc still bein; In close attendance Heuchln,, tho homo turn Briton ia i tin into l*rst ilaco and was neier afterward* trmllul wliinin, b) a lcneth casll) fron Waxworks aftor whom carno 1 ilareiida tilth Boniface Carnation, rtorinan Chcialicr, Lo Beau next and Brownie laat Tune lui MJs MLLUOURNE UUN r CLUB HACES Ihe following nre the weights for the Mel bourne Hunt Club Hoces to take plaee on the 21th Mnj - COlUNTHIAl« FL \T HACE. st, lb st, lb Stafford . 12 4 Tho Ghost 10 10 1 etrel 11 S I tllleroo 10 10 Noftneteer 11 1 The Gilt IO 2 Cn) idon 10 12 Suit hur 10 0 Manfrc 1 . 10 10 faThhi Lten vat. st lb l st lb Blackthorn 1\. S Marquis of Water Alisti than Court 11 u| for! 10 4 Mi lninht 10 li I rlcl di ss 10 0 Gre it Western 10 7 1 ickle 10 0 Mooni "ht 10 G Black Jacket 0 7 Chin cullin 10 1 1 1111UNI STIKLS. bt lb st lb Norton S 0 Impulse 7 0 Irt ns 8 4 Tho Iiatsar 0 11 1_ non S O Ian D 8 1 etrel 7 10 Hriinstoiio 0 7 Ctt| 1 Ion 7 1 Tho Gift 0 7 Sea berpent 7 O miso srAKEU. st. Ib st. lb Mistako , S 1. La Bello ,. , 7 8 lil lin ton 8 10 Saxon 7 0 Ham lb d 8 7 Bolero . 7 6 Mein 1er S !> Caller Ou 7 3 1 r t mt 8 5 Steersman 7 2 I r cioui Stono 8 1 I xuibibtor 7 2 bUtloner 8 3 Haw thom 7 2 Cassini ela 8 2 Cupola 7 0 lira G It at 1 12 Lt olino 7 0 Sir ChurleS 7 11 Sheola 0 13 Iel orello 7 10 Jock Roach 0 12 I C1 oro 7 0 I)ona Lady 0 10 1 )ietto 7 0 Berkley 0 10 loll) 7 » qui UN 8 HIItTIIUAi 8TAKL8 it lb , st lb rmpross 0 7 Emco 7 2 Ma-i | lera lo 1) 2 Cupldon 7 1 S purcell S 13 Northern Light 7 0 Stafford, 8 11 1 aillcroo 7 0 Men 1 r 8 2 llalller) 7 0 I reeious btono 8 1 Impulso 7 0 Stationer 8 0 Mis Jarloy 0 13 1 turton Tlio Ghost S 0 Hawthorn G l8 7 10 steersman 0 13 h\ loulotta 7 10 Tillie 0 13 Sir thnrlos 7 8 Cupola 0 11 tn,ta tay 7 0 Otlcon Bess « 11 I oil) 7 U Fvollno 0 10 koli 1 noor 7 1 Mick) Froo 0 8 Lenora 7 6 L)oua Lad} 0 7 G A'ûwikh, Ilnndicapper bill PPAR10N HACES '1 lie follow n_, nre the weights for the Shop patton rucea nbiiDir it vee. st lbi st lb Chdlator 10 10 MoonlUit 0 7 W li letcr 10 7 Orphan 0 7 HI 1) 10 4 1 retail 0 4 1 oreat hilly; 0 10 hill 11 AftTOV II VIiDICAP st lb st. lb Gh bator 8 4 Prevail 7 2 Ilraeei ian 8 0 t azcllo . 0 U lal lutuecll 7 7 Heron . 0 12 Jiek 7 4 HlîiUICAl TROT jarla j ai ds lil ii i Tick sei Uiiek \nc,ol atch Î0I1I1} 100 100 Drunken Ned SOO 1 las of GOW 1 Io 100 I etor 400 C elltlu \tillie JOO Mliiuio 400 Jack 3U0 G V( jules, Ilnndicapper SPOUlIN. 1LLLGHAMS (lHO- OUlt Ott Y COmihSlONDLNlS ) MAI 11U, Sapjudai At the meeting of the Maffra Coursing Club the stewards appointed wero Messrs M lui lane, H. J 1houison lvno\ boc Íceles Mnc! intosh and Wallen bhppcr Hi nison jud(,c, 0 Uust 1 ntries Mill be reten d and tlriwnon Monda) lkc meet will take place on \\\ ednchdn) at Boisdale SiDM \, Sundai Considerable inteiest is felt in fiotbill circles um r the appro iclimcr Msit of the INew /elland team who will pla) their op nine, mut 1 in Ne« South Mules a"amst Puna m uta on the _blh mat Hie nitcrc lonial foothill mitch between 'New South Waka an 1 (JucuisI md will bu p (itcd u the 12th and l'Jth Jill) J lie 1 astern -Miburbs Uhlc ic Club held their annual a oit» mectinc, on the Assocn ti in cricket "round }tstcrtla) It was well attended 1 lie sp ji t howcitr wai notier) uuiiiis, nubtot the rices beniL, one si le I C 1! Wood won the four miles bicjele han heap ADELAIDE, SUNim A foothill match wits pla)cd on the \dc hule Oiil tcsterdu), between South Ade la de and the South 1 tri s Hie lormer won b) ci0ht t j ila to ijl_ COURSING A ICrOKIA CLU1! All I TING Presil nt-Sir \V J Clail e Vice prc3i dents-Messrs \\\ Cooper, \\\ Ii Hounbc n eil and J Ji Scott lieusurer-Sir Gcor=e Ac Ion Secretan-Air lohn Munda) 1 ln" Stc t ud-Mr J Wolstcnholmi* ShpStewarl \- Mr A I Ihompbon Jud"e-Mr 1 Gat nb) bhpper-It O lîanner lin. nunn siam., lorU do,,] utiles at er ri each Winner C100 b con I 1 Hill I £ j three ilo"s 1.10 each iltcdo"s io e cb c\i n cs £" , -j ¡aid illa forfeit total e°j IV Willie Clio tor beat Best rio i 1 ob hot M o"rc or 1 cat Mill Coach Cap i pío beat Wester i C ipital liol W 11 I nun eiclls r w Ilobltoi Mac ic?or bj C cat l-l s Ia i(l> Vobti) bett Mr J Wolitcil lolneaf l\ Hie el ester I) dicter-I ily (October) a d ton the sU ko ?nu 01k-> STU IS lor 40 litchi i]| Its at i s each Winner £100 seco I el U u 1 _ thrco dons £10 ta h hi It s £jctel cx| elise £-7 10a., .0 paid £1 Is lortcit Total £ 0 10s II li inn a 1 eat T i li II imp len I i li i be tea a In Doll r it iJrillianl 1 e tt 1 itou"m Dillina belt I ortia Billaratllr limit a bjo M Mr A B Ila Ik w Durna Coa )OU please I ci('T eui cr) lcat Mr U Iliikl s Ililli tllirit lillian/ *- 1 raser- *?*- (October) and »oil the seiko Sai uimu 1 bree cmches sulhtt 1 to come) the pis heifers to lJi""trs lest this morning the tistnih ur of hnlrpist I 1 cinj, obsi ried so tis, u ill w ol ltiten lui_. Msitors to Sjilnt) lr r tin \\\ nitrito t up metung "itting a« i) b) the nlteriioun express V eommclieem lit wns in i le nil trp ti time with the di/ 1 ti urses til th tiri mil the deci hil, eicnts nil) iciiiuiiiing lill n Ijournineiit wits in i I f r hinche ni J lie meet in" w is tin lu le 1 bhortl) bei n 1 0 el c1 uni t «ii wis rendit 1 nt half past J Ihe Inst time di n n tin c ntl was nr tice ab e f i the success < 1 the non lu*, mritcs 1 l" odls m s une instincts pnte uneipctte II) bi m0 ii] act. Smell is tht lu It of e mrsing lor there is no 1 non in" w li it ni i) h ipi cn a ¡,ii ) holm 1 mtisinj ni"ht I iiialli the Der!» k11 to lb li I o) Miit(,rt" r bj ( lu stcr-1 ust 1 nvii tlieiioicili ol Mi \\\ II Kounsi icll the i eli In jw n s juill Atisuihin couisci wlio thin mee lucie bhr ned a liol J fi jut on \ittoiim b ii in thei of elie sum litlei w ß Ht stell n b «ten m the 1 ist six ot the Bttlce 1) \\\illn Umtci Hil) Hob Mae "ic, r is not mr Irt in a flint c1 iss pupp) IhiuJi he is tlclieient m pice sccin" that tilth ol his ppjli nts le 1 linn totht hurt he is luwctei a r ire sticker in pusscssion ne thiiws away it chalice uni is undoubtedl) u Btiiji r btjut bl od bcin0 djifuse I through ulm st c\ci) line if his pe lillee lor a cciinpti Him ¡y alow ¿.re) hound therefore to wm a hie. btaltt on i the Osai where spec I is the mum titialit) showa the son of Chester nu i Koa) J uw n to be aboie the common He is billi wei lit and tuts tunned by Malter Melrose w li i likewise had charge of the hctoud in the billie us als) Hie wiiimr of the O il s 1 his is u rare commencement fo- the season and it lo iles ns thout,h Mtlrose would ref cat tho re mail able series of nerformunc s nt last Henson when he hal Mr W M Cul lueti s ilo0s in hu, chit,c,i W îllie Chester the second to ltob Ho) Macgregor is also 1 ) Chebtti whose puppies hint ominen c1 bo well lins season thnt it is tttrtmtly hlal) lit will ¡ic,nin be at tho top of tlio tree as the biro of the w ininti,, puppies Unlike Hob It } l\Iac_ici£ bc"inning showed himself to le a non 8tii)cr Although fast and wonderiull) tleier he will nour win a good Htal e with strong huies. 1 ho liberal odds of J to 1 were lind on linn for the deciding couise but after allowing pace he exhibited the white feuther, and nlloived the ultimate winner to race past lum time after t "no It will be obbcrved M Hie Cheattr is out of Lil) lina ia an obscure hue entirely un authenticated aa to breeding of the dam, and all that wt know ia that Lil) distinguished hciaolf at rabbit coursing Mr W linilty after the meeting bought Willie Chester and his sister Winnie for it ia currently stated, £100 each 1 he ballarat eouraer never stlcka at paying a decent price for a goad grey hound , but we think a 'century toomuch for a soft flashy puppy not to omit tho vcrj obscure brttding on tht dam'« aide 1 urning to the Oaks, tho winner was Mr A Bui's Daurna by Go as you pleaae out of lleta. The Warrnambool bitch led every one of htr opponents inclusive of tho imported Lady Hampden, though had the latter not been lame we think tho vastly superior paco she exhibited in most of her courses would have turned the tables on Daunia, Ihe Oaks winner, howe\er, is n\ery useful Rrevhound, clc\er enough for nnj Lompim>, resoluto to a degree, nnd bj a well bred siro. Like Willie Chester, there js some doubt about the breed- ing of hei dam, but in tins ciu»e niter the iirst generation, Teta being b> Breadalbane outot Uno. Daunia is a lute puppj ( December), and there .y there furo consuleiable room for mi nro\ cment. she being at present 451b. Bal larut -Unlliant, the runner-up to Daunia, wtis not second best in the stake, nnd wo must place Patonga before her Mr. Patterson'» bitch was whelped in Januar), and with moro time she ought to win some good stuUes The concluding details of the meeting arc ap- pended - D»hb\ bTAkiis-Third Tica -W Hilo Clictor anti lUstemmwero favoured with a short slip, from which thu former led up four lengths, {ina wrenched hld pamo btcadih bcfoio him, till it broko back Mr Jlounsov oil s do; the» hatl an Innings; but homo ex- changes follow ¡np, Willie Chustor.tha non favourite, won bv a couplo of points when li Id opponentput tlio hart into his mouth Mall Coach stretched out four lengths» from Itob Hoy Macgregoi, and ran w kio, w liich I placed tlio latter for ono, and throo or tour w reuches , I puss, howevor, again broke, nnd Hob Ho\ was mo i înontaril) out of it, but ultimatol) hu lan led hlmsulf n rathei lia) winuoron tho escapo of tho haio Agían 1 »aro w-is driven out of the uneitfor \\\ % stern Capital and Cap ii pio, nnd tho pair meed be id nnd head together for linlf of tho run up, when the bl iel*, gradual!) drew clear, and nude tho turn with a four lengths' lead This opcninir ho followed np \erv quickip with three moro, m lion tho hore cut to tho white, nnd from this it was a rotular dingdong trial, in which ono way is good as tho other ihc ham at length escaping, Cap a pie had a respectable majoritv Fourth Ties -Wllllo Chester drew awa> from Cap a pio on leading «lips, and put a longt,ap let«ecu them for a aorics of clov or points, when hu hum: Ure, and tho black then bet to work mci ni), and hadas nor)) as possible equalised matters, whon ho, too, tired J-rum this first une and then tho other took a stn) uuak drive, and when pu*-« cscipcd tho fawn had a clear halancu to tho gojd Hob Ho) Macgregor ran his h>o with 1 nine Minister, nnd got a raro buekottliig before puss cut into tour Deciding Course -Willie Chester, on leaving blips, droM out fiom Hob Hot Macgregor, and increased the lead tis tho hare bent to his tide Hie »jouth Au>trnlia- lessened the tap cio pm.i was o\eihaulu i bj \\\idiü Chester for Hut and second tuina. At this point Itob Ko) got placed, and put tovell r a couple of points when puw went to his opponent, whoio bolt was now shot, for Itob Ho) rued cleanpa^t repeated the performance four times before thu Cit.ujiu of puss and up.et tho good odds of 3 to 1 in nn unmistakable f ishlon I Oaks Stiuvh-tfilut Ties- Diurna, contrarv to I anticipation, Immediate^ druw awa> fiom Lad) .Hampden, turned twice, and placed tho litter, who waa \or) industrious for a few points, hue thu bupirlor paco told, and though lad) Hwupdtn woundup well, with the kill included, bhe had not balanced matters Cassandia drew out three gool lengths approaching the hare, and had a leny wav the best of it to thu top of the ground, when hho hud deni) pulled up, and Mr Gatenb) decided for Portia liallarat lirilliant was leading till tho hare bout, nn 1 Patonga bhot up for thu II rat point, but, cannon.tit,' hca\il\, bhe was stunned for a moment or two, warming np, Patonga hume Hatch resume i her com maud , hut, after a few points, bho died nwa\, nnd Mr liai oj'a bitch had prettv much the remainder of n pood trial, which bho wound up with n clover) ill ¡fourth lies -Uluru i led Portia i long wav, diovo the h iru htralght lu front of her, and at 1 ii»t, bringing H round, killed, tlun befttin. Mi I attei -.un rt bitch pointless -Ballarat lirilliant ran her b\owith Mar quia o' Lossio, who never had a sliow, as Mr Unie) s bitch lo I up, ami ran into a weak hare Deciding Course-Daunia and 11 .liant brilliant alternately led, till the former shot out for the turn, and placed the blue, who scored thrice, the black, however, at this point got in, and was alwavs the best, achieving an easy win when the have escaped. COBURG AND EAST BOURKE CLUB. Entries for next Wednesday's meeting, in connexion with the above club, are due this (Monday) evening, at the Pentridge Hotel, Coburg. The stake is for any number of puppies at two guineas each. FOOTBALL. ESSENDON V. MELBOURNE. The first match of the season between the Essendon and Melbourne clubs was the im- portant fixture for Saturday afternoon in the estimation of the large majority of patrons of the game, the fact being attested by an attendance of quite 10,000 people before the ball was kicked off. The Essendon captain won the toss and it was no slight advantage, f ¡r the « mil fusouri 1 the bl le lui ki ut, from the noith sir) considciubl), and of cour->( 1 owcll chose to luck from that point 1 lu 1 s-endon bael.-) returned the bill «hen sent a« ly and put it into Melbourne ground, whete it slopped for some time Amount the (.onl ditcnders M JJulial I, Spooner and others rcpcitcill) tritd to c,i t the bull up the (.lound b> lint (lushes but it al« ina stoppe 1 ub Hit the eentre, where low eil the! ssendon captain, «usscttins'Ins raen u tine i\unirilo Us lus tlltct.se pla) 2\ou nu 1 lynn the old lauli ot holding the bill too ion0' «is noticeable HiU)i>e,st the 1 sstndoii men but niter urie luck hid been Kisin ii!,iunst them tor too pilpublcn Ireuili ol the min in tills wu), tim plajod to mell other much more sjs tcninticull) thiin did their opponents In foi lo«nu Melbourne had the best ot it Jones ii liitjri and liant prosuv thimsehes ii much more U.ectisc trio til m ill«- Hume numbei on the 1 sheiidon side ill« j com pletcl) wasted their strength, however m I eipint, the ball ulolli? the e istein side until it was loieed mist the lint of the posts in the uppei corner of the» (.round Whalesei blcill the ' red lol« uds mijit lune possessed the) had no eli mee t1 show m" it, tor after the 1 all had bl in bioujit liuioruusl) liions the sidi and been out of the bouudarj ufter ulniobt escrj kiel the L-scndon hicks were able to send it una) down UJUtli neilin J he first j, ml tor 1 ssendon was stored b) that trust«orth) pla)er \\\ Ilu"lics who li mi a Ion,; ruiiiim., she t, well oser to the one sidi, placed tho bull neutl) between the posts Alter the kick off the Welbourne lollowi is ss etc ne, nu hard at ssorlc on the tuithir sidi Tonis bcin" conspicuous fir his hue lila), sslult on tne Lisdillon side Aitken plii)cd i s i"oious "nun Scsttul behmdswerc scored b) the red md blick and m one mst mee a ("Jill w is lu uh ibtiuni ii one ot the li r« uri mi n trinij-t) tutn the bill between the posts with his foot us it rolled past, but placin0 it ii few feet on the wron,; side 1 hen \\\ Hu"lus tot a mark ut kicking dist mu mid was loutit) cheered bv tile 1 ssendon iollossuiK when he sent tlie ball bclwun the pu ts tor the becon I time Mi lb lurne although pla) 111(1 under great ills ids uitii_,c, iles el lost heart tor an ni taut, and is soon as plus was stirtcd nyilil sioied tin u lust behind, the lull bcni|, It reed betwtcn tin posts in a biiinimiiy. J ssi ntlon lcpliid to it with mole ellect, nnd J md ill, in ulm,, strui"ht in fruit score 1 tlnr 1 ..ni fn I ssin Ion Jlelbourni «n mi !>rcu(,ht the bull northward but Sehnt b\ tin prettiest mil best run ot the dil) took it well buck 111,11111 J he attack w is lcpiated b) the reds in the most determined wa) and sebire was jostled b tweiu tlie posts with tin- ball ni his hauls Hie onl) other escut of the bist hull w is a ioilrth (,otil licked for 1 ssinlin li) I'iar-ion the stiti of the yiuie when nuls were chni"cd bunt-1 sscnilt ii toui (,ouls nine bilunds, Melbourne three bclnnds II tin lattt r ina le an) millalee in t ictics it wnsmltepm the bill so pt rsiitcntl) don!, the eistein silt", us it sj ode 1 their oh li i li mees ot -t mu}, and as results show ni dil not pits tilt thtir pp units fiom kiel nu ..oils Altir hull tin» ililli um comment d ti reilute the bilancc oí b Innis a"un tthem sir) i ipiilis M Intjre ¡,ol an ti H\ sh tiuil e n I a ^ Jill pi iui|)th lind i Itw nnnutis lulu Hush Ililli i sil) lint "jil tor the sum team Jin Melbourne siipi lins ssi ri di liehtnl ss ith the pi "itss illili b) then tumi but 1 ssendon were tie ti ilium 1 ti munt un i string leitl and w hin \\\ oo is 1 icUid tilth (, i ii tor that si le the j, nut sv m ] mcticnlli om 1 n--li lind mt tlici tilinte to risul ilujiis li) lucking t« i ( nils but onls ulled ii Lilmil ti the I n" list Ihm li plaiei, who ct nil not be tlistin^uishe 1 m the i ul Ji"lit, Ii ki 1 th i I " li li l Melbuuini mil the (june hnislie 1 willi >ut further mutend aliei ilion, tlie itsult I un"'--l ssendon Inc., ills 11 liiluntls , Melb urne, thiiettmlsl-'b Innis lu tin lnst tenimisutesthehijlitwiissol a Uti acht plums tould not lu distill,lushed mil it «us dill cult to bee what toidi pi ice lins wiu oswin,' to u want ut punctmihti in stuitiu.; pla) 1 or the svinncr-. 1 owi 11, U Jin lies limul Aitken, 1 nss loi (.omi,; anti Hail pins ed the best |,aine si lull on the Milboume si le louis M tilt) re l'lunt, 1 utkliil I, Sp jouu Al JJ milli, anti Jlush wirt nust tllntisi Mi lil Minchin Hist sutislaciion to eseijone us central umpire CAHLTON V. SOU I'll MÜLKOUHXE. 'lins match was played on the Melbourne cricket ¿lound on biturdii), in the pi ciento ot about 10,000 hptetatois Young, the South Melbourne captain, won the toss from linker, nutt kieki d towards tho south, tinted In a moderate breeze Just after kick oil Oates of South Melbourne collided with Smith ot Carlton. mill the fortnui lud his right j.iw seriousli hurt bj his opponent's head violentl) striking it lie had to letne nu tile remainder ol the gnuie, Carlton lull oil with an attack upon their opponents' goal, but it was repelled, and tht* hull truelled up and down the ground impiir tuill}. The lirst successful shot for go ti w11" made by Godmg tor South Melbourne Alter bonn* vigorous piny in fniour of the southerners, Godmg lind another duiner-, hut did not score. Wilson wits moio success- ful on behalt ol Carlton. .South miuUotl well, but missed several ripportunitiea to atnie, Carlton linding it dilliuult to make headway ngainat the wind. At halftimi* the acore stood-South, one goal six bullinda ; Carlton, one goal one behind. Shorll) after lesummg, HoDser made a clever run, and wits brought down by lilooindeltl, and disabled. He was carried off the hold, suffering from injury to the ligatures of the leg, necessitating medical treatment, A fécond goal was kicked foi Carlton by Bloomfield; but, in apito of tlic wind being in their favour, they were fre quentl) placed on the defensive. The* ahota of the South miscarried. A number of the decisions of the umpire, Mr. Houston (who was chosen to act by the association) were called in question by South Melbourne partisans Whenever a free kick waa given a?ainst them there was loud hooting and cries of " Como off tho Held." The Southern players showed this dissatisfaction. The game waa continued till a quarter post 5, and wns warml) contesttd to the last Ita result waa a \ictoi) for Carlton by two toals and four bthiuds against ono goal and nine behind» Hennessy, \\\ llaon, Jo)ce Bloom held, and Cook did tooti son tee for Carlton, and ColTe), Harper, loung, Oralea, Uraham, and Woods for South Melbourne _ IrZHOY V Gr.ELONG 'Hieao clubs met for the first timo this season on tim Corio Cricket ground on ¡satur dil) There was not a large attendance of the public, the weather being threatening 1 it/ro) set the hall in motion from s mtli to north, anil alter sonic smart work on butti aides in the centre of tht ground, the usitom assailed Geelong s posts, w here the) bcored the first bt lund War wa** tlecltred in earnest, and the bick plo)irs for 1 itzro) had tognllantl) détend their timbers, for kerie). Collins llickmbotham nndJulheii each had fair shots for goal, without scoring mure than belunds, before the onslaught coultl be repulsed Once this wns done the scene ot opérations w is ttansicricd to the Geelong torntoi), Holla mid Muir, of 1 itzro), battling in intuit) ni loreing the leather forward au Iden deseition on the part of a Geelong back ida)cr gue an opening to 1 it/ro), and thishnin in, Cooper, amid great applause kicked the first goal tor the usitors Gee long weie placed on their mettle, and nfter lkiii,, well tj^cther the) m inngcd to shift the struggle int i then opponents atroii=hold, when, bliortl) before liait time was calle 1, Jullieu escaped from the clutches of the de fenders of lit/rijs upughts anti with a miming kick equalised miittcis for Gtel mg Scoie-Geelong one goal eight belunds I lUro), one goal one behind iii the second halt, there itus stead) plaj on the part of both teams the 1 ltzio) appealing to lune tht b st ot it in running and marking an 1 utter n couple of nilbaei on the pirt of Occljug the Msitora rehei ed thoir atieka nndeirried the balito the bouth end, where I wing from a mirk m Iront and onl) 10 jarda ana), failed II seoic i god for the i it/rot Hi' t Itenipt was iollonetl b) Aluir and Nathan, both ot whom weie alike unsuccessful, and then Geelong with a brilliant dash along ihe wing sent the leather irom Keile) to Steed mau, then to M 1 can uni hnall) to M Shane (Geelong) who kicked the stcond gull tor tilt premiers 'lins wns almost le jiented a few minutes afterwards uni three behiiuls wen score I bj Geelong, anti the gum was once nutt shifted to tht l'n it men'stcrnlor),where 0Le io and Cooper hud tim goo 1 chances ol plating their te mi on ii bul with the seaside footbillcra Keren icrj piett) piece of )>lii) on the part of ( eclong tioktd much tnthuaiasm, 1'ikt sending the bill to Armstrong, thence to Kerie) ne\t to lullten, then on to M Lean anti into tin arma rt Al Shane (Geelong) who kicked (hird go it for his bille V spit nditl rush on the purtot 1 tt/roj Mine! the game i little and wölke 1 up the* excitement which culminated in a burst of nppluusc w hen Coopci from a mark lu front ot the posts scored the second goal lor I lt/roi Hie Geekng pi ij eis wai m ing to the w ni , gate their opponents some thing to do in the bael part Jin 1 ultimntcl) the defences were camel b) .Midden rush, At sliaiio kickui" the fouith goal iorGcelon" a lifih one bung missed lu M'ltnn, whose kiel made the It ttltei htnkt tht post and the mutch Uiminatcd as follows -Geelong, four goals 17 belunds , 1 lt/roi two goals Sli. belunds Afi J boinas of Melbourne, np pointe 1 hi the association, gate great sitia lui lum as icntial umpire Cameron back, Koli., following, Cooj cr forward, and Hobert boh on the w mg, pla) ed excecdingh w eil forthe 1 it/ro) , and sonic grand pla} for Geelong was shown bj lullien, Kerie), Stecdman, and I lie! lnbothiun Williamstown t Melbourne Imperial (.) was plated on tho Williamstown ground on Sattird ii, and resulted In a \loton foi tho local men, who kicked four g'Oills (Solomon, Jones, Kees, and Ueeil)) to their opponents one (J Hill) During'tho that half of tho (.nine, the wini being in their fat our, the Williamstown obtained time of their coils and 11 nellinda Thu Imperlil, who did not acoro in tho lirst half, 1 telad a god mid two bdiinds In thu t-ccond Ibu Ijc d team included four substitutes from tile secon I tuent) lliltaimiii 1 it/ro) luipi i ia!-This match ended in nu tail win for the lorimr, who secured four goils (bl J trano, tool., I ei, lind 1 ullbrooll) and nine bellin Is to their opponents one behind buulh *i an a i Mclb iiinio Juniors - lids match re Giilted In a ubi for thu loriucr, who scored four goals (Marti) (two) bain ni, and 1 reeinau) and eight bellin Is, to two gods (hush and Ollie)) und four liehlnds, M Intosh Wurli), and Ircclllliii pln)od a splendid "ame lur the winners Star of Carlton i ltlchtnond Union -This match retiilted in a win fortho foi- nur hi Iii o goals (li llsnn two Daglish two, and tiUonnull) and u liehlnds to ono¡¿oal (binar!) and four lehinds Thu Union plated a pluck! up hill calm llcsldcs thosei airead) tuen tu ne I Sile Owen lionels Tullj, 1 owrio, lianuss, Carioll Const ihli and Muir pit) o I splendldl) Thu îiorwood lootlall Club, of booth Australia, left Adelaide on Sllttirdul night and nil! lanti at thu chuten s Wharf ut 10 oclock to dal Uley will bo met at thu «hail li) représentantes front all the lea ling iuutball tilths, and will dom there bo taken I» dru,* to their qturteis nt liunips Hotel, Collins stieet ml The following matches were also played :- Mel- bourne Standard, 3 goals 10 behm li, V Iiortll Carlton Itinlois 1 god b bchlnds Aicntle 5 goals r> behinds, lehinds,! f-oimanhi, 1 coal 5 bchlnds, South bt Kllil 1 2 cods s behind!, i Northcote, 2 coals 11 Inlands l'oit Melbourne, 1 goal b liehlnds, l Williamstown Juniors, 1 goal 0 bchlnds , Nnith Park (second), 1 foal 10 behind«, t booth suburban ltailwu>, 1 god 1 behind, bouthcrii Cross, 7 goals 9 behinds, v. Wellington, 2 behinds ; Evans- dale, 1 goal 4 behinds, v. Canterbury 5 behinds ; Evansdale (second), 1 goal 7 behinds, v. Kensington, 6 behinds ; East Melbourne (second), 4 goals 25 bchlnds 1 I it/ro) Juniors 1 behind, West I ml, 1 "uil \ behind.,, 1 colleiiishcrr) 7 bcliiuds, Cour it United 2 "oils 1J belunds, 1 Ho)al Park (second), J belunds BRITISH ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. A match was played on Saturday between Richmond and Carlton on the ground of the former, wini h n.nltcd In a lleton for tho hoiuu temi lu three "oil., to two loo iKitors non choleo of goal«, and eleelel lo kick with the wind Mhith, blowing' lind, gaiuthciti a gre it ali mt ice , but tins 111s netili ihaeJ b) the home team pla) in.; well to,ether, uni brinkin, the ball nell mt) the llaltors* tcrntui), 1111 suntu fa t pla! cn lied, tcsulting lu thu Richmond men putting the (nil well tluough After h ilf time, plat still continued w inn, but tho ndinnti,o wai cicarl) 011 thu Hithmond side and n!rhotic.h tliu llaltors li le I theil baldest, the) could not Biiu tllilmcltcsfrandcfcit 1 or the Lnrlton Tlllllicellll, A iinuii, Hum) so 1 ml Spence plij ed well, as for hi lonou 1 did bo In I \ccll, Dulii, Liddiard, the ?? Hld hi-dhus, ni I Mll-.gr lie, whilst helfe, 113 god j) r, allowed he bid not loat lusiisu d form On \--lit uni ii next a mai eil will bo plated on tho It C C liottul between members selected from tho tauous eluba and nil tonleis, to decido who bhlll pill in the iutereouliul match to be pia) ed atS)dnu) in Jul) The Prahran and South Mebourne Anglo-Australian football clubs met for the first time this season in lawkniipark ibu I'rilirjn wiunuig the toss eli (ted to 1 lal tilth the lund lho ball being kicked olf b) South it his it once ruahe 1 to the liahrin g al, but 11 ia qulclil) icturned, and the South Mel bonnie goil't'isln daniel fora short time, but b) good play on the 1 art of theil li ick men, it was soon returned to thu other end Jaothint; of import mee 11 is di ne tho gamo being tor) fast at this stige At h If time tile gamu was not in laiour of cithur club, o gods li uin. been obtained When thu ball was "alii 1 'titi 1 off it wat sent ion mar to Prahran cul, au 1 work is the l'nlnall did tho) scrintd as If ut could not _ct it auai The South Mclboilrnu kept thu li du di goalkeeper continual!) at work, well, stopping thu ball 11 ith his hands 1 I l.ih pla' d the llr»t grail to ibu credit of the South Hie bill being kit ked olf was In ought back again It lool el ten much ns if Ibu South were going to get anuthei goal, but this liniu tile Praluin prut ed a little too "ood foi *hc n, and with a great niall mado the "une cten «uni ar, with a nice lick, placing th t god to the 1 raliran, who wanned up to thu oceasnii, and on the bill laing kiel ed olf sunn ter) iu>t ]lu lolloued the gime ending after a hurd con* test in a draw, e ich team scoring' one goat H.UW1NU. Vl'llLIC SCHOOLS «CUT kACH 'J he nu ii lie it ol the Public Schools Boat in e was lowed at !1 o'clock on Sutúrela) after noon when the Scotch College, who deteutcd the Geelong m tht hibt lient, met, and after ii nell contistttl ince, added another to thtir 11I1 cadi long acore ot uctones, bj conquering tht* Melbourne Oiummai Sthuol Hit Giiimiwir School winning the toss, chose the neath station. As 111 the othei races, the crews gile the btai tti no li nuble, but came up to the post t i0ithei Al the signal the Scotch biintehed the lust ilioke, and botli crews wentaway ding dong for the li nd After covering about JOi) janis the Grammar School brought the nooe ol then boat a few feet in nihance for 1 few moments The Scotch then bpurted and loiiiiding the pontoon wer- about half a length to the gootl For the ne\t hall mile the lacing was splendid, the small but pluck) btroke oi the School continual!) culling on his men, and icdueingthe lead andagaindrop ping lulim I, the Stotch stroke rowing ti nice tit in unit tilling btroke, with his tiew well m hand Nuiring lirander's, the Scotch had tlieidcdh the bibt of it, and malling wa), passed the fen)' two and a half lengths a head, and liicrtiikcd their lead to four lengths befoie rounding the baths cornel Heit tha trew on the north h id the usu ti adiuiitage, and when the) bhoweil up past the corporation baths, the Scotch were not more than thrte lengths in nthance Doth clews lowed with gient gimeneSBto the end 'I he Grammar School drew up a little, hut the Scotch pushed the judge first b) two leugtha anti a halt Mr Arthur Nichols umpucd the mee fnm tho stern of ti Univeisil) eight, Mr Collide at ted na judge, and Mr Henderson na starter The* winnora rowed in n boat built by Fuller The names and weights of the crewa nri* as under . Jiorth Biatlon -Scotch College-J Potorson (stroke), list lib , I' liol!, list all) , A Uobort. son lost 01b , C MThtrson (bow), Ost Ulb ; N Young (cox), 1st 61b . . 1 Melbouiuu Gi-ainninr School -1. Champion (strike), lOst, L C Pender, 103t 101b, 1. .'Knight, lOst -Iib ,0 HU 'league (bow), lout, f. Illginhotlmni (cot) . 2 Ï he acore of wins ia now -Scotch Col lego, !) ; Melbourne Grammar School, i ; Geelong Grammar School, 3, Westes College, OLD COLLEGIANS' HACE. The final heat of the Old Collegians' Race una rowed ofl on Saturday nt half pant 3 o'cloik, when the winners of the flrntand BPf omi heats, tho representatives of the Milbourne Church ot Lnglnnd Grammar behool and the \\\ e3lc> College, met, and brought mattera to a conclusion 'Hie Behool crew, consulting of Messrs. I\ 0 Hughes (stroke), luckctt, Osborn, Thone* nmn, L IluJics, Moline, I homos, nnd C li\an, choie the aouth side, mid the Mesley Colkiie. represented hi Messrs Senior (at roko), Le\erett Turnbull, Champion, Leinino, M uUun, lio>d, and Greenfield, took the north station, with a handicap of three quarters of a length This race was tlie best of the three Both crews "went away, and kept toyctli^r fpr ntirlv half the courbe, tho Or unmar School then began to croep np, and punine \er> jrnulualli to the end won b¿ about half a length MKfeSRS PATERSON, LAING, AND HliUCLS 'JKIAIi lUUliS Somo interest lias been bhowii In the n tion 1 thu ibo(tt,oiKts warehousemen in I Hmlcre Inno, for tho past tbrco weeks, in tho contest for tho trophies offci ed bv Mr I M ltruco forcoinpLtltion in (our umcl (.lyra to tho employs o( Messrs Patcn-on, Laing mid linne lue crew« cnteroii nnd under went activo training foi tlio event, which took placo on tlio Upper \ urra on ^iturdaj afternoon last Tho tour o was from tho pump nhoio Hrandurn 1 erry tr LdwanKs boathouse Tho ruHiilt wtro os follows - 1 nat Heat- Ternplenian (south flldt) \ ^\ urti (nottfc side) This wis won bj lYmplcnmn, who led from tile statt and won bj a length becoiid Iluat-Doolan {.-.oiith mle)v Paso (north side) This resulted in an exsj win torlose, who won comfort 1W3 bv two lengths I mai licit -leniploiuiu (boiith side) \ Pago (noith bidu) M ivno s new hiving been beiitth d, tho winners of tho llrit and feccund heats hid to row tit ibis wai a clo'-o and exciting content lïoth crews led alteruatelv b> a few feet mid emus round tho i oak on corner Into the btr il"ht neck nnd neck opi oüitu tim Mell ourno club a boathouse Teni tilt m au tillie 1 on his tuen for a ii nil effort, and after n strut Jo ¡»ueccedcl in winning bv about itt Tho following aro the names of tho winners mid losers in tho ñnil licit -\\\ iitnors--A li Toiimlcmau (stroke), M lower, A Mudge, J ii Ainsh Lobera-(. I ajo (htroke) I Holland, It Hamilton, T 1 otlierm^lnm Iho races wero lowed lu club (.igt kindij lent bv tho Metoria Hovving Club M csiro \V Senior and C. Cox olliciated as stirter and jud^o rc-spectivdj Tho head master of tim Church oí Fnghnd Criminar School has grinto 1 tho boja a half holidij 1 to da> for tlio purnobo of euri ing out a miniature Doutta thopn cs behn, Mibsenbcd forbv the mistcra ml others A largo number of entries has been re eivel for Mu fours, pa i m and acullá, and Mr Delves lioiij ton 1 is (,iven ctieoura,euieiit md awiatanco | bj ] resenting trophies for tho four oircd nee í'iinss YAPiir iiAcn ox lvivJj WLNIJOUKIJI [HY TJ.r.IX.IÎAl'II] (lltOM OU» 0\\\V COItlir-JlONOLST) 1ULLA1UT, Sund sr 'J he T ress 1 nclit llnt't took place on ¿tike Wendouree stbttidn) nfttrnoon svhen tho ftiJlosviu¿- ness--papers sscre represented - TIilAijui. Jin Aiistialavan, tlie Uullmut (ninia, the Ballal ut Liaitny Pott, mid thf Ballal at Mai 'ilie bouts sstrt started on the starboard tin If, closo luiultd to Garden Island , tlitn round to Vit« Point, iour times round the courht A splendid run ss na mude bj nil the jathti to Oardtn Island buo>, sslntli sins rounded in the follow nig older -JiulHrat, Durlie lins, Keporttr, 1 Ijinj; Stud, I'liiufoif Hie thru last named boats m ule 8tstialcliiin"'e-i, hut the lint nnd Btcond niaml,until tlitir positions throughout 'J he J.nllariit bent the UarlieUiy on the post bj I'.stc 'Hie lollosvini, svas the result - Comino loto More) s Dallant, Mr J O -Nash ( riiuArtnis ) 1 Mr 1 Millard »Dai Ho Das, Mr J Murra} ('Thg Austrnlasiun ) ° Mr It Orr b Iteporter, Mr O 1! Ho"-*(" Ballarat Courltr ) 3 Mr T btoddarts lMnaforo, Mr SS Downie ("i.vcnlnir Post ) 0 -UibsriGillai.il Mann's 11) in,; Scud, Mr H Lone* flint, 111 -Tin At the mcsc.ntnt.on of tlio troplins, Com moilort Mort) nnnouiictd thnt the race ssould be included ni tho annual protrrnromo of the club, sslicn it ssns hoped the principal ntisipnptrs of the colon) ssould be rtpro snuttd 'Hie toiistH of the " \\\ mut rs mid l.osers," " Hie Commodore and Olhttrs. ' and "Jlie Yacht Ossnus" sstio propofatd and responded to Tin nm>or of the cit), in repbinir to tht toast ot Ina htaltli, said lie hoped the rate* p Din ss auld support tho council in sshtit tstr tspenditmo ss is nttts-uiry to niumtain the btaut) of the lake. AL1Î1 ltr.PAIIK YACHT CLUB. Tho final tsent for tho Duku trophy took placo on Saturda) afternoon on tho Albert pirk like Tho follow Int.'boats btaite 1 fiom tlio niooiin^aat -t o clock «lth n «trout; breeze-Str 1 d"le) aCr.stot tho SSasu Mr lliirella I'nticlico, ami Sir J (leisten a Mas ia rho Cre t «as tlio lirai to tho front and kept tho lead (or thu first two iouiiUh clostls iollo«el b) tilt Musis, who passe 1 her coining up In tho third roan t, and, after ar iod and ipnek race), «on b) two inimités tho Crest 1 ointr a too I second In consequence of tho btri ni; broozo tho Patleiico put in thu ueeonil round rho result of this oi out gUus Mr I delsten Ill-Hull CDini leinunt or joints si/- 7 nnd then toro «ins tho tro- li) Mr. G Duke ollleiated na btarter and JiKlfco _ LAWN 'JLNNJS Tho inatcheg for tho championship of the Ts-cn Ion Club and crol i niellais «ere lliiisliul on Siturdas Silas A Itobtrtbun 1 e it Misa limatón, and won llio lidie-, troi lis, nuil the thanipionshlp of iliutluhlell to Mr Vi O 1 user, Sir C I Tu).or behn, siconl The annual nicetill"* ot Ulla duli takes plato ou tilo JUIh lií-t lloheinialis s Melbourne-Mesura. S\alIillí,ion ami Hidlell heat Messrs Anderson and bliil|e bl 10 -, unes to nil, nml boat Mes.ra Colville an 1 liilfourb) 10|,nnicstoiiil Me sr SSei.all mid SI Arthur bi it Slissia t Isillu anl Balfour tis lu "anita to 1, an I 11 at M sirs Anderson and th ir| 1 ) 10 "ames toi Itohenilatis thus winnini; li) 10 tunen to 1 Ulm ills lee» -Seeoml lours-lids miteh «is ph)id on tlio Ik w courts lu thu first round Slcssrs Saunders ami Sllllei, fen kow, heit Sie sr-: liol ellson nil 1 Meek 1 "ames to 10 and Slessi J Hell an I I ol til hornill, to 11, in ISIes is Hell and Col pilloun but Messrs Slooro ami SI'lloui.all V ¡.allies to 7 Messrs it ii i rtson and Meek boat Sie .sis Mooro ami M Dougal!, lri paints to G, Ormond thus «milln.; b) 8 taints LACltUSS... ITnhorsHt \ Boltumians.-?This match resulted In aririw, eieli uni. obtaining on yoal Ibu e,nine was _r> fa.t, and wa» c\enl\ conteitcil tluou.hout Kir.r ttircu tht, ^o ii for the Uohetnl m., thu Limit* _it\ t,oil boin.-thrown b\ \V Ivcnriv Melbourne lu at I lt?ro> b\ one j;, ni to nil Tor tlio .im_r,l) II lo\\(ubo pined n tfrnmU uno), Gold binitli, Ko.d, .o\\.ntij anti' "tatter themselves, nhil.t Cooper (in j,oal), Hobson, and 1 li ekhart pHv ed bett for I lt.j o\ bouth Melbourne-\ CoIHneuood Hine.-Tlio fir»fc imtch of tim season was ulftjed between theso Uo ?lulu on tho Darli ne iraniens, Collingwood, and ro suited in a \ un eis\ win for tho South In thrtu" to ml. thrown by Henderson (two) \\\ O onion (ono) i new lncmbors of tho South pla>ed ti veij ¿ooU ie 1 or the South Gordon, \\\ lah irt, Knight, Tnbo, and M'Kah,. pla; ed the* bt st yamo, although the w bolo teaming ed with that thorough litartedmsá uiiieh often leads them to snece.a _ or tho Blues B^tcbelUof and Coombe, .howed best form ÜOWLING. A three rink match was pla\ ed onSaturda> between Lhu_ Í In a \ictory lur \\\ illlamstow ii by three i>ohit_. POLICE INTELLIGENCE, At the Cit) Court on Saturda), Alc\andei M'lJonald was charged with having stolen a horse, tlio propert) of James Collins, jim , ot Wallindibb), on tho 2,lid August, 18S3. 1 he prisoner is alleged to have caught the horse on a common at Wallia dilihy, near Delegate, New ^outh Wales, uni!, taking it across the border to Bairnsdale, lie sold it The horse was re coieiedh) the liairnstlalc police, who hate charge of it at present. Uettctiio Muhonoy arrested M'Donald on his discharge from l'cntridge alter hating Ben til si\ months' imprisonment for liiictn). Vi hilst m l'eut ridge M'lJonald and a fellow prisoner wen engaged one tia) blasting, w hen a powder dis charge accidental!) exploded M, Donald'* companion was killed, and M'Donald lind Ins 8)e knocked out. lie ivusnow remanded to S) dney. 'J ho Kiehmond Bench were occupied on Saturda) in hearing a charge ot assault brought against \\\ llham Macnamara h) his father, who was said to bu upwards of bO ) ears of age It appears that on the ard mat. prisoner came in w inleintoucated,and kicked iiiitl knocked his father about in uiery brutal manner The old man was ier) much hurt, and had to he remoled to the Melbourne Hospital 'ibu prisoner, in Ins doience. alleged that his father, «ho woh a noient old man, had assaulted linn with a pick II bcemed from the einleime ot prisonert mother that tlio father anti son iret|uentlj quai relied and threatened to kill ona another 'Hie prisonci was bentenced to three months' lmpribonmeiit, and an order made that at tho expiration of his term he should lind sureties to keep tho pence for 12 months At the South Melbourne Court on Satur- da), a man named Hobert Anderson anti a woman numed Mar) M'Cabe wero each lined tlO or three months' imprison, munt, for improper conduct in Albert park, 'Hie man paid the line, the woman went W gaol. 'I know what it is.'lio answered, "this honey Is mado from euphorbia Mowen which aro \ery poisonous This explanation tnadoinclecl exceed* iiu'l> uncomíortahlo, but 1 elicited from him that there way not much danger as the "maia taken with it would uoulralido tho ofiect of the poWon ]>iieeti> ho mentioned )ioUon J dived into tho packs and pulled out a bottle ot ¿.nus 1 kuit bAi/r, and cmpUiuir a quantity into two pannikins, Ulled them up with water, and sev irai timos repeating the doic, Inn few hours wo wore comldcrablj better-'Zulu land and Coton nj o' (p Ut)), by Captain W K Ludlow, lyt liittntion It V, Itojai Narwickshiro UcKlmcnt. Caution- Lc"al rights aro protected in ovcrj civi- lised country Lxaininu cadi bottle, and seo that tlie capsulo is marked "I nos 1 mit bait, without it j ou hu\o been impobttl on bj woi thiess imitation» hold b> all lIioiiiUm I'rlco, 2* M mid Is Gd Directions In sixteen languages How to pro\ cut dlbcaso 1'ro* pared only at Fuoa frrult Salt Works, Hatcham, London, a Y , b> J C fc.no» l'atont-tAu\T 1 Printed and published by Air uko JIahtih EnswonTit, at Tub Anona Ornea, Colllm-st.-oet. Melbourne, for Wi_o*< unit .ac'Iunnon, proprietor. 