Grundy's Gossip. MR. EDITOR,—! have received what Grundy in his vulgar langcage would call a "nasty jar," which has given me quite "a turn." From a private source I learn that there are some geological specimens in the Juvenile Industrie. Exhibition. If they were on view, when I paid my visit of inspection, I cannot imagine how they escaped my attention, and must throw the blame of passing them by on my friend Mr. Stapleton, who, I suppose, being anxious to submit all the wondrous exhibits to my astonished gaze, escorted me too rapidly through the building. Howfcver, I hope they will prove a source of pleasure and profit to all who behold them. Here is a bit of_ rather tall writing which I have pnned for a purpose: By the time this article appeals in print we will be in , the full enjoyment of beautiful and tranquil •evenings; the broad bright moon will be riding through the cloudless firmament,'filling the Whole expanse of heaven with a radiance so pervading that the myriad stars will be wellnigh quenched in her more lustrous glory. Evenings upon which we c&onot; gaze without comparing the pure and passionless qniet of the world above, with the fierce solicitudes, the selfish strife, and angry turmoil of the world around UB, evenings whicb, at any time, must infuse a sentiment of peaceful melancholy, into every bosom, even of the wild and_ worldly, and which at no time have so deep an influence on tbe spirit as when contemplated from the near vicinity of some large city. The contrast between the chaste 'paleness of the celestial lamps and the ruddy glare which glances from many a casement—between the perfect calm aloft, unbroken save by the gentle murmur of the wind and the confused uproar below, rife with the din of commerce, the dissonance ofmingled tongues, now a distant scream, and now a bunt of unmelodious laughter—must needs impress more strongly upon the mind than homily or lecture, that contempt for the mortal world and its base tenants—that ardent and inexplicable yearning after a truer and more substantial happiness that we pan here conceive—making us wish for the'"wings of « dove that we might fly away and be at rest," and altogether' filling the mind with nobler thoughts, the soul with higher aspirations. Yes, Mr. Editor, these will be our evenings, and yet how few of us go forth to enjoy the beauties of . nature in repose. As a rule, we prefer to remain at home, shut up in stifling rooms, breathing a vitiated atmosphere. What more pleasant and healthful exercise than, for paterfamilias and maierfamilias and the youngsters to rally forth, after "night-has come down outbe earth," and lay in a large stock of the sentiment I have described above. No; we evidently prefer to take our " walks abroad " in the glar e of the noon-day sun with the thermometer standing at 100- in the shade; or if we do leave home at evening it is to visit a crowded room to listen to a vocalist and lay in the germB of zymotic disease. Whet, will some of our enterprising caterers for public amusement treat us to a moonlight concert in the Park to tempt us from our stuffy hom»s f Echo answers, when ? When Grundy is in a bad humourahe sometimes says things that are more forcible than polite. The other evening I was sitting quietly at work, endeavouring to put a new patch upon in old garment, when he suddenly gave a very significant snort, which I knew from paBt experience was but the precursor of something disagreeable. Presently he ejaculated as follows: "It strikes me very forcibly, ma'am, that the older you grow thp more stupid yon , jet; there's James W. Oarr, of the ' Governor Bourke' hotel, been announcing himself as an independent candidate for municipal honours, and you have not yet noticed it." Now although I plead guilty to the soft impeachment of being considerably on the wrong side of forty, and freely admit that old Father Time has laid his whitening hand upon my. once raven tresses, I flattered myself that my eyes were as yet undimmed and my mental force unabated. But now I fear I am further on into the " sere and yellow leaf" stage than I was aware of. After a minute inspection of your columns I dinoovered Mr. Carr's announcement. It was a plain, unpretending little two-line adv., nothing nearly commensurate with the vaulting ambition James W. has so lately displayed. Well, I must really beg James's pardon for being so amiss (no joko intended) and endeavour to make amends by criticising trim as impartially as the serious nature of his case will allow. Now, James, stand np: For with acouracy of measurement in serving the seductive schnapps, • drawing with cderity the elongated Tooth," he simply atands without a compeer; but as an alderman, ^rould be considerably nowhere. Don't think I fail to appreciate the boundless spirit of patriotism that pervades his whole anatomy; I know its not the bubble reputation ho seeks. But its the ratepayers of MarsdenWarfl who cannot appreciate talent, and they, in theirjgooiance, would rather vote for some wooden • headed chump than, elect a shining light like James W. Carr to sit in the high places in the Municipal Chamber. No, better for James it is to dwell peacefully bbheath the shade of his own fruitful vine and fig tree than run amuck with a constituency that would be so blind to its vital interests as to-reject such a worthy citizen. But in the meantime I would advise him to keep on advertising, for .if it don't put him in the Council Chamber it will certainly put money in his till. Doubtless, sir, you, in your studious days, have admired tho tragic story, told in alliterate verse, of a hero named Robert Rutter; but perhaps, for the behoof of the unenlightened, I had beat quote it:— Hough ran tbe river's roaring stream, And rapid ran the rain, When BOBEBT Kcrrr* dreamt A dream That racked his heart with pain. He thought he saw a ruing bear Rush from the ragged rocks. And strutting forth with horrid stare Breathod terror to the brocks j But BOBEBT RUITES drew his sword And rushing forward right. The horrid creature's trapple gored And tared his rnefol spite. Then stretching forth his brawny arm, To drag him to die stream, He grappled grizzly rough and warm. Which rfrased him from his dream. Well, it is not our Robert Rutter who was the hero of that tragic incident; although he does live on the banks of what is sometimes a roaring stream, but more oftener a dry watercourse, about which there are not many rocks (and certainly no bears), but plenty of good substantial brickB. Our Robert deals not with the base fabric of B dream, but with grim and stern reality. He has been requisitioned;* and in reply thereto has decided to sacrifice time, circumstance, and munev in order to serve the ratepayers of Marsden Ward. Very well. If each is Robert's unalterable intention, I will leave him for the present to enjoy tho tranquility which precedes the coming storm, but giving him distinctly to understand that previous to the eventful day of election I shall knock the heads of all tbe candidates together, in order to determine by the " survival of the fittest" which will have the honour of stretch, ing his legs' beneath the Council'* mahogany. And now, skipping "from grave to gay from lively to severe," I notice that the.lamkin residuum have demonstrated lately th&t; they can be both lively and severe if they like, (racially with road metal. Now, Sir, many persons can suggest a remedy for the snpprunon of this growing social evil; but Grundy maintains there is but one .sufficiently effective, and that is—the CAT. Maudlin humanity may cry outthat the application of this useful instrument to the naked books : of these semisavages has bat » debasing tendency that hardens them in crime. rather than effecting m cute; but Grundy says.these creatures are already so thoroughly debased that it is iinposn sible they can stale sink deeper de<. in tbe dough of evil . doing. That being so, it is impossible for the remedy suggested to be worse tban than _ the disease it is intended to eradicate.;/ In these senti _ mentf I' rather ooincide, and am farther inclined to think the polioe could more taadilv oope «ith the evil were'thijre not <o modi dAnging with (he individual memben of the ; force" Jtseepw to be the policy of the iwads ;ot tbe Police Department to station men wJthttsjra^ffevMfcttvf theio<aUty a»4 thin Ihey. are .ahifted awW jto [another place, thus impairing their utility. The honorable member fbr'."onr town ' has been so often twitted with being only a local delegate and not a legislator that I deBire (o see him add to theltiBtreof his fameby conceiving, framing, Bnd if possible passing, an Act of Parliament which would do good for his country and for over silence his would be detractors. I want him to introduce a short bill making it compulsory for every person who uses a gun or other weapon for the purpose of shooting game or birds of any dessription topay a license for the privilege. It is a deplorable fact that our forests arc fast becoming denuded of our feathered bipeds. Every lad, as soon as he can raise sufficient capital to purobase a second-hand firelook, arms himself therewith and rallies forth .to shoot at anything and everything that carries a feather—from a tomtit up to a " native- cum-turkey. The consequence is that the surrounding bush u becoming as silent as the grave, and when the genuine sportsman " goes forth to war" he generally comes home with an empty game bag. Even the feathered songsters which have been introduced from the old country are not exempt from the attacks of these contemptible pot-hunters; for of the numbers whioh have been set at liberty in the colony (barring, of course, the obtrusive sparrow) where can one be seen P No genuine fee, for he will be amply compensated by an increase of sport. With the expiration of the 29th of February next ends what is termed the "close season," therefore I would wish our member to get his harness on and have a measure passed such as I have indicated, ere that destructive time arrives. So anxious am I to see some such enactment paBsed into law that I would be prepared to frame one myself— with title, short title, preamble, text, side notes, and all complete—for I flatter myself that I know something about Acts of Parliament; because when Grundy and I were in the grocery business we used to purchase tons of them for wrapping purposes and many a one have I perused, from the motto on the coat of arms to the Government Printer's imprint. So no : excuse,, Hughey.'butiup and be doing. ; Leave to no-future historian, the opportunity ef pointing to the statute bopks t>f the colony and saying "where .is one measure that can claim Hugh Taylor—so long tbe representative of Parramatta—as its author ? Grundy and I enjoyed the ecstatic pleasure of passing a portion of our reoent holidays in the seaside groves and on glittering-sands of Manly Beach,, and as we pursued our walks beside the ancientr sea-girt rocks how forcibly was I reminded of. the soliliquy of the poet:— There's a pleasure in the pathlesa woods. There's a rapture on the lonely snore, A solitude whore none intrudes By the deep sea, and mnsie in its roar. Yes, or, I found these lines constantly rising to my lips as I surveyed the majesty of the scene around me. Under such circumstances one's thoughts seems lifted up " from mature unto nature's God,"" and the conviction forces itself upon ns that we are infinitesimal creatures indeed when placed in contrast with the stupendous handiwork of nature. Standing on the summit of one of the many rocky, densely wooded headlands one can gaze far eastward over the azure waters of tbe vast Pacifio and inhale to reflection the ozone laden air which comes pure and unlimited carrying " healing in its wings." When we had decided to visit this lovely marine suburb we also determined not to journey to Sydney by trainbut take the Parramatta River steamer, which is by far the healthiost and pleasantest.mode of transit. .The train is all very well for people with whom time is money. The train traveller has to sit cheek by jowl with any one whom chance places beside him—be he odorous or inodorous —to have his nerves shattered and his tympanum injured by the shrill whistle of the locomotive and hoarse cries of the wayside porters and other myriad noises; whilst his olfactory organs are regaled upon- a concoction of tallow and coal smoke, and if his curiosity should lead him to look out npon the passing scenery, he is rewarded by having a minute calcareous particle placed upon the pupil of his eye, which keeps him in a lively humour for some considerable time afterwards. Such'- are the exigencies of railway travelling. .Whereas, on the other hand, by patronising the steamboats, one makes the journey under really enjoyable circumstances. He has space to promenade, inhales pure air, enjoys romantic-scenery, and, neither last nor' least, has the genial company of Captain Mance. Ah, I always had a rather indescribable feeling for Captain Henry, which I sometimes fancied was reciprocal, judging by the careful manner in which he assists me over the landing stage, and the very significant pressure he puts upon my hand, to say nothing of the time he devotes to my eptertainment en voyage by pointing, out the more interesting features of the scenery and relating anything of interest appertaining thereto. Grundy says river i S.—Ghosts in galore next week. 