AUSTRALIA AND THE SOUDAN. Tbo Prime Minister of Great Rritaiu must , havo Arrived by tb» timo at tlio conclu sion that, howovor much his internal policy of liberality may bo appreciated in Aus tralia, Victoria, at any rate, is not enamoured of his inactivity in rolatiou to foroign affairs. Acting under instructions Mr Murray Smith has offered to placo tlio Childors torpedo boats and the two gunboats, now m route for this country, at Lho disposal of the British admiral commanding in tho Hod Son, and tho London Tkiics writes in terms of high commendation of tho feoling of attachment and loyalty displayed by tho colony. The timo is, wo trust, far distant when Mr Goerge Darroll'a dramatic idea of an Australian Forlorn Hope coming to tlio rescuo of Groat Britain will over bo realised; but it must bo oucouragiug to thoso who believe in tho futuro federation of the Empire to note the feoling shown by ono of tbo colonies, Tho prcsonco on tho scone of action of this small colonial flotilla may not bo just now of any particular value, but tbo rebel Arabs along tho coast might at any time take it into llieir heads to resume some of their old nautical habits, and if eo the gunboats would do good service. But it is a sign of tbo interest taken by tho colony in England's difficulty that the offer of our Agent- Goueral assumes its chief aspoct of importance, tho more ospocially as a desire to do something in tho way of practical assist ance has already been evinced here. Ouly the other day a suggestion was made in tho columns of the Press to raiso a corps of volun teers for activo Borvico in the Soudan, and thongh the military spirit of the colony might not bo strong enough to bring a thousand men into tho field, thero not a few mon hero sbmA6S ybom bay? ivlready spen serv; jvIiq would not be unwitting to throw iu thoir lot with the Egyptians, and listen to yot another drum rattle. Nor is tho fooling altogether an unselfish ono, T he war in tbo Soudan has indeed a considerable Interest for the futuro Empire of thoSonth. Egypt is ono cf tho principal highways from Europe to Australia, and though that highway is safe enough sn long as Lower Egypt is held by a frieudh Power, protected or otherwise, its value would bo considerably deteriorated were the country overrun by hordes of predatory Arabs, who recogniso no law but their self- interest, aud acknowledge no rulo bat that of tbo chief who can rido with moet sprars at his back when a chance of plunder is afforded. Sotting aBido a comparatively few fanatics, tbo Mahdi can placo littlo or no roliancs on the tribes who have rallied round his standard ono momont after he can hold out no further hope of loot and outrage. But so long as he canCdcC that, thoy will regard him a a leader sent by Allah for tho especial be hoof of bis faithful Bedouins, and fight out the fight to the bittor end. Nothing, thero foro, but quick and decisive action on tho part of the English Government will now save the Delta >r maintain its independence; and though General Gordou'a popularity with th Arab chieftains will doubt" less effect much, even his influence will be useless unless those chieftains kuocv aui feol that British bayonots and sabres are close at bis back. Another feature in the situation is to be found in the fact that in England's difficulty liee France's opportunity. The loss of their former prostigo in Egypt has soroly galled oar Gallic allies, and un lets a really strong protectorate ie estab lished, unless the Khedive's authority is backed up by Lritish troops, not only in the Delta, but on tho frontier, Franco may at any time step in and thus occasion froth com plications and difficulties. With these facts cloarly apparent, it would bs unwise for Aus tralia to underrate the importancoofa war which, to a casual observer, may appear altogether external. Tbo decline of England's influonce in Egypt, or tho invasion of the Delta by tbo Arabs, would for a timo at auy rate closo th route through Egypt, and tbo consequent in; convenience to our commerce with Europe would be considerable. For this reason it is highly desirable that tbe Imporial Government riiould understand that tho sympathy of Aus tralia is cordially with the mother country, and that sho is willing and ready to give a practical proof of it whenever a danger arises. A THIRD EDITION of Tub Herald will bo published as early as possible this Afternoon, It will oontain a report of tho cricket match botween tbo Combined and Australian Elovons, the result of tbo Warr narabool election, and a quantity of interest- iog nows of a general character. Tho news from Egypt to day is of a more re- assuriug character. The fenrs of an attack by the forces of tho Falso Prophet upon Suakin oro subsiding, and it is announced tho robcls aro withdrawing from the vicinity of the coast. Tbe election of a member of tho Assembly to represent Warrnainbool in tho placo of the hon J. G. Francis takes pbvco to-day. The re sult will bo published in our third odi'iou. Tho Customs authorities at Sandridgo this morning, under Mr Bruford, tide iuapoctor, proceeded on board tbe China steamer Chang- chow and seized over 2000 cigars that wore liable to duty. None of the crow on board would claim thorn. Over GG00 wore soizod a Brisbane. They are of a vory inforio quality. A correspondent signing horeelf " A Neigh bor" has written to us to complain of som > houses occupied by immoral persons. As sb has not sent tho address wo are unable to do aoytbing until sho supplies tbo omission. An Excbango telegram from St, Aruaud states that a flro occurred at Napier street, at three o'clock this morning. A draper's shop, owned by Edward M'Kenno, and occupied by Patrick M'Konna, was partially burnt. Tho hon D. Gillios, tho Minister of Rail ways, has issued invitations in oonnoction with a dinner which lie lutonds to givo to tbo new Railway Commiesionors, at Scott's Hotel, on Monday evouing noxt. The hoads of tho different dcpurtmentH havo been invited Onco more tho weather has returned to ploa- saiit Huubhiue uud fresh broozerf as befits thu . mouth of February. Tho clungo will he bait i»W»eo?ftted by tho immeruuft invalid who . \c»o pHfetfahd by tho Horco iiorth-e.ibUr of fjwi TVtdm'sdwy. Unwiflorfog the rrckfeai «-:iy m which jvoploaxfinno thumrefofls to tho iulfhcot of tho run during mtohntiiraa, it fe a wonder thut smh few cases of mitMtmke occur. Ouly one severe care has buo» imported, lumdy I that of a )sdy who was reitetl with vortiga ami delirium immediately ou catering (he hotel where elm wan staying, after an hour or mo whopping in Bourko street. No rvpnrtn of weathor have been receivod smoo Wednesday j from outlying stations in othor eolouim, but Mill thero is overy prospect of tho prwont fine weUher lasting for a littlo time. The heat roistered at the Observatory 'to-day at noon iw 07 dog. in tho shndoaud ISC deg. in tho Tho following aro the readings by Gaunt' iuatrumonts Barometer, 80.150 ; host in aan to-day, 12 a. m., 121. Tho highest read ing of Gaunt's thormoiueter in tbo shado Bourko etroot, yesterday, was fill, and tho lowest from 9 mm. yosterday to 9 u.m. to-day 5.1. In tho sun tlio reading yosterday was $5. ' It will no doubt bo romomborod that the Into J, S, Walshe, nnhotelkoopor.of Melbourne was shot in attempting to rescue tho lata Mr G, P. Smith, in tbo yoar 1870. At tho tiui tbe matter created great oxcitoraont, mooting were hold and subscription collected amount log to upwards of £1000, for tbe benefit of tlio widow and children of tho lato Mr Walsho, Messrs S. Ames, G. P, Smith, and John Stoddnrt, (tho latter two sinco deceased) wor< olocted trustees, aud Mr II. Wostloy, solicitor, prepared tho docla«-ntiou and docutusnts of 1 rust under which certain properties wore pur chased. Mrs Walsh© lias since diod aud as tho youngest of tlio children becamo of ago yester, day lLo properties which havo muoh recreated in value will now bo sold, and for this pur pose Mr Weettoy is preparing the uecessary documents, Strange to rolnt?, two trustoos and tlia widow have since died. A serious and vexatious delay took ! place yesterday afternoon, at tho railway pier,. Wil, limnstown, upon tho arrival of tho steamo< Chang Chow, from Hong Kong. Tho vessel had got nlougbido the pier/whon tho pilot was ordered off to make room for the stoamar Gulf of St, Vincent, that was in sight down tho Bay. Mr Halt, tho Piovmastor, told tho pilot of tho Chang Chow to go outsido aud anchor for a time, as ho had instructions' to re- servo tho other berth for tho stoamorGlooochil, which 1ms uot yet been telegraphed from any point. Thus tho China vessel had to Moose several hours, and then go over fc-i Sandridgo to discharge, llad sho been allowed to go alongside at Williams town aud disharged, sho would havo had all her cargojfur Melbourne out aud boonaway from sho pier this morning, audeomo hours boforo tlio Glenchil can possibly arrive in the Bay- 1 ho Piormaster states that ho must go' by his written instructions, and not attempt to uso his own judgment. The matter in question in jkely to bo bfOugni VPCP 9 noti?o of th dopaitmtui, Alfc-r ihu steamer had beoff .-.sfeJy moored at tho Sandridgo Railway Pier, the Pitrniftbter at Williamstown went over to » boat, and atUmptod then to get bor bick to WilHamalown to the berth he had aomo hours before refused. Con-table ICirkhaw, who some time siuco was reiit to Northern Queensland to jsocure thcforviccs of soiuo more bUck trckors for Victoria, returned to Melbourne with three experienced and clever darkies, whom ho had secured. Thoy proceeded straight to tho Btud farm at D&ndcuoog;, where thnp nre to ha stationed. Tho 33, and A, Company's steamer Catter- tluni, from HoDgKoug lG:h January, via the usual ports, entered Port Phillip Heads this morning, and went Into quarantine for inspoc tion. Sho would roach tho Bay early thfe afternoon. Having been cloarod alio started up West Channel at 9.45, Sho would bo berthed at tho railway pi3r, Sandridgo; upon firival. The ship Avicmore, 1091 tone, Captain A > ling, from Liverpool, lfith Novambor, rrived at Port Phillip Heads oarly this morn- iug and aucliorod. Tho case of Dotcctivo Wilson, of tho Rail way department, agafoat Pilot Bianshard (or having, on tlio 23rd ult, whilst in clurge->f tbo tcamship Kent, made nso of abusive langUAgo to Piermaster Hall in contravention of Die t-yolaws, was culled ou at tbo Willianistown Court this morning. Mr Croker, who pjppoorcd for tbo defenco, applied lor po3 poument until Friduy next ponding tho arri val of the s.s. Kent, was according postponofl, Tho Public Works Gommittco of tlie City Council will on Monday recommend ttaat tho council join in tbo application to tho Ministor of Public Works for a reduction in tho pric > of lho Yan Yean water from Sd to fid per i.vlIon, Wbat might have reaultod iu a fatal acci dent occurred last Friday night, iu tho shop ot Messrs M'Loan Bros and Rigg, who are at present workiug late stock taking, Ono of tho (SKjifoyr, Mr C. L. Pridbam, vory foolishly loaded a bull-uoso revolvor, and waa cndouvoiing to extract the cartridge with a pen-holdor, at tho same time holding back tho trigger to allow tlio chambers to revolve In an instant the rovolvor was discharged- the ball, passing through Mr Pridham's hand, and, striking tho coiling, rebounded on to the floor. Mr Pridham was at once con veyed in a cab to Dr Fulton's, whodrossoi llio wound. Mr Pridham and some of tho rtnpfoyri had a lucky escape, IHnd tho ro volver beeu turned slightly the ball would most assuredly havo passed through his head. At tbo mooting of tho City Council to bo held on Monday next, tho Public Works Com mittee will submit plans of the proposed aUorationB to tho Collins street entranco of tho Town Hall, and will recommend the tender of D, Mitchell to oxecute tho work for £325 be j.ccepted. At tho mooting of tho City Council to be hold on Monday, tho Publio Works Committee will recommend that a deputation from this Council wait upon lho Honorable the Miniato ' of Publio Works, to remind him of the con' ditions upon which this Ceunci! was willing to concur in tbo removal of tbo present Prineos Bridge, and to point out that the Oounoti objects to the removal of that structure unless tho new bridgo is to be in accordance with the plans already agrcod upon, At tho ordinary meeting of tho Port Mol- bourno Council, held last night, thero, were pro font tho Mayor (Cr. Donaldson) and Cm. Qninn, Seiaraano, Williams, Turnbull, Edwards and Bartlett. It was resolved to comply with tho request contained in a letter from tbo Prahron City Council, to form a de putation to the Commissioner of Publio IV orks, witbftho object of obtaining a reduction of tbo water rate from Sd in the £ to Gd. Tho coatcm- platod removal from tho district of Sub- nepector M&ckoy; was referred to in indtg naut terras by tlio Mayor and councillors, Mr Mackoy's services wore spokon of in eulogistic terms, and it was resolved to memorialise Mr Berry to retain the sub- inspector in his position at Port Melbourne, Tho proposal of tho Prahran Council to ap ply for n reduction of tho wator rate j from eightpenco to sixpenco in tho pound hoe not inet with unanimous approval from tbo muni- cipalitios interested. Hawthorn has decided to call a conference on its own account, befog of opinion that the chargos should only covo£ muintonanco and management interna and sinking fund allowance. At lost night mooting of tho Richmond Couucil that body declined to interfere pending further acti >ni:i forming tho proposed Metropolitan Board if Works. Tho Health Officer for tho City of Colling- wood, Dr Livingston, in a lengthy report , addressed to tho local tfoardof Health urges tho j m ccssity for sauiUry improvomeuta in sovoral | niifction, more particularly in pro- viding baths and wanhhuuses, and a hotter I dwelling for the poorer cliwos. i About hftU- jmst ono o'clock this morning a | two-roomed wooden houso in oanrao of ro I citotion, sitimted off tho Boundary road, Aiuiidalo, owned by Mr |Thomas Kilpatricki » m burned down. The causo of tho fire is unknown, but it is supposed to bo nnnct of b ct'rdmriam. Tho c.irpautors 'working at tho budding lost all thoir tools. It is uot known u bother the preitmoi were insured. The officers of tho Yorraborg Brigulo. Ilichinoiid) havo arranged to have a friendly- competition in Burnloy stroofc to morrow after' noon, at 3 o'clock sharp. Sovoral of tho bri. pades ulio intend taking part sent dologatos on Wodnosday evoniog, and raado all tho noctwo sary arraugomeutrt. All tho brigndos who nr irking part ill tho above couipotitiou have boon practising morning aud ovoning for tho last month or two, so as to mako thomsolves fit for great tournament, wliioli is to take place tin \eumt Gootong, and somofotorostfogwork nmv be expected of them to-morrow afternoon. Mi Marshal), roforeo of tho Goolong oompoti- tion, aud CuptaiuGoo, of tho Carlton Browory Brigade, will act us time keopors ; Mr E. 11, Priestly, J.P., judgo; and Mr J. Mitoholl. starter. A man, about 45 years ago, namod J. Jamison, was kickod by a horso at Wall iby Orcok yesterday, and sustaiuod injurios iu tbo abdomen, from wliioh bo diod 011 tho way to tho Melbourne Hospital. A man aged S3 years, named Thomas Dowd was brought from WAnJin Yallock, noar Lily- dale, to tho Molbonrno Hospital to-day, suffer ing from a fractured ami and other injuries snetained by a bull goring him. Thoro was au uuusnally largo gathering a tho meeting of St. Patrick's branch of tho Victorian Catholic Youug Men's Society last ovoning, to hear an essay by Mr G. F. Sogan n "Tho Christian observance of tho Sabbath." Tho chair was occupied by tho chaplain of tho Society, tho Very Roverond Dean Donaghy, And amongst thore ou tho platform wore Mr M. O'Hea, District President of tho Society. Mr Hogan took tho least popular aide, pointing out in his ossay that auy farther relaxation in tho mlos for obsorving tho Snbbath would load to liconso And profanation, as might bo wit nessed on the continent of Earopo, whore ovon tho theatres wore oponod on Sundays. Alter a most interesting discussion in wbicli sovoral gentlemen put forth thoir viow.-t, a hearty veto of thanks was passed to tho chairman and essayist. Sovoral members of tho society thoo contributed songs and recitatious, and a very onjoyablo ovoning was brought to a close. Tho directors of tho Metropolitan Gas Co, having kiudly granted tho usual holiday to tho emjfor/a for the purpose of holding thoir au- nual pio-nic, advantage was takon of tlio Home, ur.don tho 12th aud 14th inst largo parties pr » cecded to Mr Renuison'a grounds, Mordi dlo:, lr.diy grant?! for the'r tisp, Tho p jiichri to be h-M on two days oil AcCoimt 0! tho com- pauy being unable to roloaso all tho ciupf'iytj nt ono time. Advantago was also takont of tho moon boing full. Tho fiHt coniiiu-ui left Princes' Bridge statiou on tho 12th and the roennd on tho 14th inst. at 8.40 a.m., tho nttm- for beinu about -100 each day. Thnyenjoyol tho sports heartily, consisting of foot, sack, aiomoeo, girls, boys, old buffers racos audothor amusomento ; also dancing to the strain of Diohretch's baud, and after throo cheers for the Metropolitan Gas Co. aud throo cheers for tho ollichds, thoy rctuxw loui0 l"a|ly bn ii'cd b.r oayu outing, Tho oommittos de ire to testify to tho kind and oourteous atten tion of tha Railway, dopartment in all its branches. Tho Fitzroy Stato Schools annual excursion is boing held to-day at Moidialloc. The ma jority of tbo children loft by train shortly after six o'clock, and tbe remainder followed by other trains. A largo number of th "Children of othor doys," in other word nUnlt. citizens of Fitzroy, mul-i aud female have accompanied tho youngsters. An orcolloufc programme of sports bos boon arranged, and tho Bavarian Bond engaged to discourso "sweot music.' Iu the evening his Worship tho Mayor of Fitz roy gives a uiouer ntRennison's Hotel iu hoio of tiio occasion. Tho business of the Contra! Criminal O ur was taken for tho first timo in tho Now Law Courts to-dny, whon bis Honor Mr Justice Holroyd presided. The gonoral appoaronso of the now Criminal Court was ono suggestivo of dignity, but thero aro somo dofectein thonr- rangciuonts which did not exist in tbo old building in Latrobo Btreet. Tho ; witness box for examplo is vory small, and does uot afford room for n chair if it bo uecessury, as is frequently tho case, to pivo ono to a wJtnoss. The ohoriff in. stead of being placed on h level with thoBonch so as to ko readily communicated with'by the judgo is Btowfcd away in a narrow box under lho Bench, and quite out of sight of tho pre siding judge Tho accommodation for tho reporters is such that ono would thiukit was provided "with malico aforethought," It consists of two boxes, comfortablo enough iu themselves, but placed in such a position that counsel, in addrestiug the jury, will have bis back to the reporter, and the judge, !q charging tho jury, will be turned away from tho press box. It> absolutely certain tint no ouo sitting in the reporters' I -ox can hear and report a -pcoch of counsel or a chargo of the judge. The press box should be placed between the forribterrt' table and the dock. It in to be. hoped that after the present Sossious moosuroa will bo taken to remedy 'somo of the incon venicnces which wo havo pointed out. Tne court criers now appear in a dark blue uniform with a silver crown on eithor side of tho collar. The. members of tbo bar present in wig and gown when tho court sat this morning were Mr Ohomloy (Crown prosecuter) Mr J. J. Walsh, Mr Ogier, Mr M'Dorrantt, Mr Wrixon and Mr Firiier. Mr Be Verdon, Mr Bryant, Mr Anderson and Mr Fiuk were present withou. their robes. Tho dock is a hideous thing com posed of iron bars with a spiked rail on tbo top. It resembles a cago for a wild beast, and no doubt ono of tbe sevoroBt pauishraents of a 'prisouerwillboto have to staud in it and be gazed upon by tho multitude. Tlio floor of tbe court io reserved for jurors and witnessa, the general public being confined to the gallery. Iu tho list of persons awaiting trial at tho Criminal Court, which began this morning, appeared tbo name of Dennis Kennedy, charged with falso pretences. He ommittod suicide a fow days ago, consequently tho wit- nesscu who had been snbpamod to givo ovi- denoo against him wore discharged from at tendance at tho request of tho Crown prosecu tor. A ponfliblo courao was adopted in tho Orimi nal Court this rooming. Instead of keopfog tbo wbolo of tbo witnoasos waiting almost in doGnitoly, tho Crown prosocntov only aakod that those engaged in six cases should remain, tho otbeiB being allowed to go until to-morrow morning. This, besides saving much valu able timo, prevented tho groat crowding which wonld bavo been tbo inevitable rosul6 of so many persons waiting about tho court. At tho Criminal Court this morning the trial of Robert Brucu, who is charged with stealing from a dwelling, waa postponed until tho noxt sitting of the Cmiual Conct, nod tho wit nessed were discharged until thon. Meters. Dillon and Mcado, tho present messengere of tho judgo of tho Supremo Court aro to bo appointed criers iu tho Now Law Court?, and to went uniform. Boys aro to bo appointed meseongers to tho judges. In tho Equity Court to day, before hiw HouorMr Ju&tice; Molvawoith, the UUiugol oiidcuoo in tho suit of KoidvBuok was con tinued. Tho plaintiff sought to havo not aside a conveyAnco of a pieoo of Inud, a wooden dwelling and housaholdoffoots in Bnrklystroet, Oai-ltou, to Airs Buok ono of tho dofomlauU, his stop - daughtor, mid whioh ho allogod waa procured by tho fraud of Mrs Buck aud bor husband, tho othor defendant. Tho aniwor to tho suit was that tho plaintiff had previously made a will by which ho boqnoathod his property to his step daughter, nud that whon ho oxccuted tho con veyance ho wan porfcctly aware of its nature aud effect. Mr Kollohor and Mr Topp ap- lioarod for tbo plaintiff ; and Mr Neighbour for tho defondants, Tho caso for defendants is procooding. A vory palpablo illustration of boing "penny wiso aud pound fooUsh" wag given in tlio City Court to-day in tho caso of a laboring man named John O'Doa, who was loeked-up lost night by tionior-couatablo Rahillp for his own protection. O'Doa camo down from Ballarat yesterday with iiftoon sovereigns in his possossion, and instead of going to a lodging houso for his bod, found his way into au old rookory iu Littlo Bourko street wost, whoro ho settled himsolf down on his swag, llihilly kuowing hiiu woll aud feoling sure that ho wonld not coroo to tho city oxoo.-n with a good sum in his pookot, obsorvod life movu- monts closely. Somo broad aud moat which ho took from bis swag, and a glass of boor in his "billy," woroamplo for hiui bifora lying down to sloop. Frosontly two old vagrant men also saw room in the doierted placo, and tboy dropi>od in for a "shako down." When all tbroo were Fluin boring, Rihilly woka O'Doa up, aud informed him that ho was about to lock bim up on a chargo of drunheituo. Tho old fellow didn't like tho iff-:a of it, but ho kt?ow ho had 110 alternative, and eo accompanied the trusted olficor to tho watchliouso, where, on being 6Qn?chori, the abovo mentioned sum was found. After hearing tho facts this im>rnuig, Mr 0»U asked tho defendant why ho did'nt pay for a bed in preference to lying d jwn in a dirty houso, tho haunt of tlio most disroputablo characters and most audncioiia robbora in the city. O'Doa cooly replied, "Wdll, I dii'nt wnu'ttobo oxtravagn'nt wheal could uuko myself comfortablo thoro." " Yos, but don't you know that overy ponny of your monoy would havo been taken from you boforo tlio morning:" added hie Worship, who imposed a fine of tivo shillings on him for his forHshtifi", nt tho p.nmo time telling him that that nmouut would have paid for sovcr.il beds and glass-.w of boer besides. O'Doa was ovidoutly of the same opinion. At the Fort Molbonrno Police Court this morning John Chu, attached to tho steamer Chaug Chow, wan fined £1 2i forsmugeling220 cigars from tho vessel yostorday. Mr Bruford- lido inapectcr, prosocuted. Defendant wasob orvodbyMr King, who woe ou duty at lho timo. In Fitzroy and Collingwnod thero has boon Rrcnjaikablodecreaso in criruoof late. At tho Fitzroy Court yesterday tho pelico business consisted of two cares of "drunk and dis orderly and nt theOollingwood Court to-day two cases of tho same nature and ono caso of petty larceny wore all that tho poiioo.had to bring boforo tho magistrates. Yesterday Plain-clothes Oonstablo Marouoy nrrestod a young rnnu, namod Coarlos Rogers, on the chargo of having embezzled tho sum of £1 10s 4d from liis employer, Mr Win, Tnom- sen, baker, Clarendon street. Thc-ro wa3 a second chargo peanut n-imnfir of stsaling £4 iiuiu aiary Sutherland, laudlady of tho Itvo- riua Hotel, Elfoaboth stroot. Accused wae brought up at tho South Molbonrno Polico Cornt to-day, and remauded until Wednesday next. Attho Police Court, Witliarastown, this morning, Ficdoriok Hook, «oaman, nttaohed to tho ship Aldborongh, wn chargod, on war rant, with disobpying tho lawful commands of tho master. Captain Trunk deporod that defendant rofu-cd yesterday morning to bond calls. Dofendant, iu reply, stated bow.t afraid to go in tbo ship, us tho chiof officer had "lioked" threo mon on tho voyago t.u . nd ho might got killed. All ho now want-id was his discharge. Tho captain waswidiRg to givo him bis discharge if ho forfeited all hi < wages. Dofooant offered to tako L2 out of L10 that was owing to him, but tho captain liberally offered him LI iu full discharge Eventually, on tho ndvico of Sargreut Witcher, tho captain offered to givodefondnnt L2. Tho ease was thon adjourned for tho nnangemout tobo carried out. A preliminary meoting of gentloracn was hold at tho Union Club on Tuesday, 12th, favorable to tho formntiou of tho 8t Kilda Grand Hotel Company. Tho prospectus was roAd and adopted, and tho plans were exhi bited and oxplnined by tlio architect, Mr W. H, ICUaker, aud were much admired. Tho site is unequalled aiouud hlelbourno, boing at tho corner of IJeuoonatlold parndo and Fitzroy sticet, St Kilda. Tho hotel will bo ahnilar to tho largu hotula in London and America, and will have all tho latest improvements. Tho cost ia calculated to bo £45,000. A number cf shares were taken up, and n general mooting of poisons favorable will be hold noxt Tuesday ovening at Phair's Hotol, at 8 o'clock, who « further stops will bo taken to carry out the project. Mr W. J, Holloway, a gentlamau well- koown as a ropreeootativo Australian actor aud manager, .leaves Melbonruo to-day po tho s.B, Patoena for Tasmania at 4 p.m He will take a dramatic company with him ' coosistiog of the following artists : — MoesrB II, Douglas, H. R, Jawett, A- Rolfe, H. Power, Neil O'Brien, Georgo Mel. ville, Walton and Whittiogham. Tha lady mcmbors are Mias Kato Arden, (Mrs W. J Holloway), Miss EibIo Jennings, Miss Emily Mcdway, Miss Alice Deorwyu, Mire Con- stance Deorwyn, Mias Ada Herbert and Miss Walton. This company will comtnooeo bu»i. ncss in.LaunceBtou, with a sensational drama called Tho Wages of Sin, which, by-tho-»vay, has an uncanny ring about it aogg.:alivo of bid luck on tho day whoa " the ghost .vlks." iit tho conolusion of tho porformanco of tin btirlcfquo ol Aladdin at tho Theatre Royal feat evening, the various raombcra of the company with a fow friends ratt in M George Leitch'.i room whon, in pursuance of a good old English custom, they honored tbo memory of St Valentino. Tho pantomime season closoiTto- night. Frofosior Sample aunouncoa that ho will bundle a buck-jumper this aftornoon. Tho Gctlong Advertiser says tbrt Borao waoks siuco notice waa given by the Railway depart- mout, through tho hou D. Gillies, to Mia3 Mulligan, Ichbpo of tho Gcelong railway ro freshmontroom?, that 'hot loase for tho build ing had been dotorminod. Tho tender of Mr Cano/.of Kyuston, was accepted for catering attboroomsuptn tho ond of Jnno, mid tho new leseco was to havo taken possession of tiio Gcelong promises font ovoning. It was pointed out by us at th# time that Mire Mulligan was being harshly dealt with, inasmuch as sho had not received duo notico of ths determination of her lease, nor tho reason why tho depart ment had undertaken tho high-handed pro. coodings. Legal opinion was obtained from tho threo leading barriutors of Victoria, and it was eecort&inod; tha. tho dopartinont had com mitted uu illegal act. Tho matter was repre sented to tho Commissioners who hiwoj re lieved tho hon D. Gillies, a&d;, acting legally, thoy decided yosterday to givo tbo lossoe of tho rooms ono mouth'o noti'io to quit, from t ho 1st March next. Mr Oano arrivr/i yostorday ovoning to tako puBboydon cf the ro ons, hut, tinder tho circumatanco, ho had to rutarn to Melbourne by tho ovoning tram, Tho North China JlevaUl givej an acciiiot oi tho boy-emporor of tbo CL-femial t mpire, win is now cloven years old, aud has boen lewdly of ago since ho wug six, Ho is styled Foo Yoh, or tlio Buddha Father, nnd all who onlor liis prcsouoo pray to him as to tho Deity. Evon liis luotlior, who visits him in stato onco a month, bows down nud worships him. Uo is nttondod by couullofls ser vants whoro ho livos in tho palaco of his ancestors, eleoping iu n groat bed whoro many oinporora havo alopt who aro now doad. Ho dines grandly, but his servants toll htm when : ho apiioars to bo ovor-cntiug, as ypur mothor does you, porhape. llistoachora como in and fall upou thoir knoos, not rising until ho bids them. Erery day ho roads tho Chinoso and Tartar laugusges, aud rides aud prnctison with bow atid arrow. Thon hie youthful Majesty sits for two hours on a tlirono nud talk1? govoru luent affairs with his Miniatora of Sluto, The Paris corroepondent of tho Times wroto very rccontly:— "It is said that tho Minister of Marino in resolved on henceforth giving an im portant placo to Catholic Missions in our system of Colonial oxtension. In Vica- Ad miral Foyron's opinion tho missionaries might render cousidoroblo sorvico. Ho regards thorn ns a force which hoe biUiorto boon uogloclod, and ought to bo utilised. Now, in tho neighborhood of Zanzibar, tho French Joauit missionaries (at Jabora), liavo boon proved to Imva adopted a system of buying from tho Arab slave catchers all tboboya they can pay for to baplfoo, bo that thoro tho reward of conversion ib tlie continued and depressing tyranny 0 slavery ; while, at Tonqniu, as'wo coo, native ChriBlinns aro acquitted at onco of thoir roll gtou and thoir liven. At r D unufog a .London and American Comedy Coinpnuy will appear at tho Opera llonso on Monday next, tlio 18th in.sl , whon a Bhort comedy nud drama reason will bo inaugurated with tho production of Bartloy Oampboll' celebrated omotional draiuu, My Furtnor, in wbicii thatcapnblonotor Mr W. H. Loako,will BUFlsiu his original ohnraotcr of JooSauudors. Tho character giveB Mr Leake au opportunity of displaying those omotional qualitioa that aro mi essentially his. Tho caat iuohidos Mrs R.ynn,Mdl)ertMoubray,nnd ArrowamifchjMurers 1L A. Vornou, J Sweouoy, W. T. Warnor Georgo Ilorbort, nnd F. Lacy ; and Mdlto Mabel Trnccy, Kato lCinnird, May A'iviati, nnd Mr R. J. G, Loigb, who aro now to oit'- Melbonrno etago. Miss Tracoy boa won golden opinions iu London and tbo proviuoos, and wo havo no doubt that sho will bo a valu- ablo acquisition to tho compnuy. MdUos Kitinird and Vivian are both woll known iu tho home provinces, and tho latter lady has already appeared in Sydney. Mr R J. G. Loigh cmuea direct from South Africa, whoro ho has been lu-sociatod with tbo lato Cliarlos Luscollos for tho last tour years, nud whoro— in conjunc tion with poor Lascolles— ho inlroducod comtc opera into that country. Wo hear that G. R Situs's latest Landou novolty Tho Half-way. House, is iu preparation, aud will follow My Fartucr. Tho nnnnul picnioof the employes of Messrs MTvorand Lincoln, clothing manufacturers, is to tako place at Dronmua to-uiorrow. A l octal ovoning will bo hold to-night, at tho Hall of Scionco (lato Hudson's Thoatruh Bouiko i-hoot to welcome Mr aud Mrs J, Byinoe, from Ergfoud. A coiumitte is being formed in Brighton to make nt rangciuonts for Mr Thomas BbiibV lecture on his travels through India for tin Ladies' Benevolent Suoioty, Hioiusm ndvortisomont appoutiug iu tht-f iftsuc, it will ho ob«orved that ths finopropoity known ab Daily's orchurc), at Hawthorn, wilt bo put up at auction to-morrow by Messrs. F. L. Flint and Co. Messrs Fraeer and Co. will hold an import ant land safe at Bayuo's estate, Hih street, ai-w-<\rn to- morrow. Every lot will ho kn «cked down to tho iiivtiOBi. niua-.r, KUj .,„)v do- posit is Asked. Froo railway patnes aud plaus. G. D. Langridgoaud Son have an oxtouiivo safe of loud at Clifton Hill, to morrow aftor noon, ah por ndvertiscmont in another column. A« tho Collingwood City Oeuncd h»3 dotor- rnined to havo tbo stroota nt CUftoo Hid formed, channollod, and metalled, prujxirty in this rapidly improving ucighborlicod will bo- oomo o.xtrom&lv; valuable, Mesws G. I>. Lnngridgo &ud; Sou will sol at tlueo o'clock to-morrow afternoon two fino cottages nud a valuublo sllotmoot ot land, situato at Coliiugwoud, Tlioso praxuisoi u:o dose to Smith olreut; Simp urn's road uuinitiun louta nnd Melboumo. Tnu Iuusbb aro iu ox- cffiloot condibiou, aud tbo property is being Hold only on accouut of tho death of tlio pro priotorF. To-uiorrow aftorxoon Messrs G. \V. Taylor oral Co. will hold on imporuut land »alu at .Middlollrightuu. Tho allotmonU cnn»Mt 1 f 15 very lino seeiieriB iu Hampton otrtot mid Putkro:uJ. Tho nuution will tako pUoo on the ground, nnd trains lcavo tov.-n at 1.15, 1.35, L5<\ 2.5, and 2 25. Somo; f tb«i uio-t ntt'Avtivo proportics in tho Ascot A'alo Bubuibwill by aubmittod to public competition by Merer G. J. and T, Jtam to morrow. Thoy consist of (r! nllotmeuta ot tho DouttnGalhiEt:ito, close to tho Ascot Vole railway fetation. Many handsome residence.! havo already foeu erect . d in tho vicinity. That boautiful nrtUt-?, with itn hu:no ur- ' roundiugB, nituuteil clo.-o to tho Surrey ililu railway Btulitm, and kuown rh Canterbury Park, will bo passed under tho Jmunnor by Messrs Eraser ond Co. to-morrow. ; Tno allotments vary from hidf-an-acre to two noroa in area. Tho deiwsit is ono shilling in tlio pound. Messrs Geminell, Tuchett ond Qo, havo a very attractive ualo to pluco boforo tlio pnblie to-morrmv. They will feubmit 1)0 nUotraonta nt Fairfield Park oxtonrion Atphington. Tbo advantngcB pos«uiffed by tboso Hectioun Hhould bo duificiout to inako thorn tbo objocts of keen competition iuvoatora. More suitable build ings sitoe oould hardly bo oekod for. The estate is oloeo to tbe Fairfield Park Rail way station. Tho tanns aro wiihin tho reach of ovoryouc, as tho deposit rrqnirod is only L5, and tho balaoco withinfi, C, 9, and 12 months, without interest ; nr L5 deposit, balnncontS, 0, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21, and 24 months, with only throo per cant. Luuchoon will be provided at the sale, nnd drags will Ioavq tbo auctioneers' rooms and tho United Kingdom Hotel. 