[?] .! 2 ; Bl THK FiiANBtTB;; - \\- ?? Henoe . with'' 'your ' spuvions claims ! Kojiulgo your cause, And fling the rabble back their vile applause ; To your- own breast, iu quest of worth repair, ' And blush to find how poor a stock is there.' . ?— Pebbitis. When, in the brief interval of ono week, a man takes an active part with his mouth at a ' spon taneous ' banquet, and an active part v/ith his ears at a ' spontaneous ' address of welcome Bhivoo,he naturally feels as if ho stands in urgont need of a mighty rest ; and this io the apology I ? now offer for not having touched on the recont ' Parkesonian rovols before to-day. Tho fact in, that the society of ouch god- like men ao Sir ? 'Enry Parkea, Messrs. Jamieaon, John Daviecs Ebenezor Vickery, and GI-. A. Lloyd, and of ouch intellectual giants as Sir George Wigram Alien, ' ?.'.?Messrs. Abigail, Eoooby, and M'Coy, lifts one 80 far above the earthy caveo and dull;, plod . ding business of this world that ifc takes Borne considerable time bafore ho can again descend to the level of his averago fellow-men, and debase his inens divinior with such common place matters aT articles for the public press. I mention this in justice to the boiled Bantams a la Metlmsaleli, the jam tarts a la shimmikaJce, the ices a la clioleramorhus, and the purely medi cinal fluids which I recently surrounded with true journalistic vigour, because these things had nothing whatever to do with the celestial upraieo ing of soul to which I have just alluded. The '.'?' elevation of the senses was of a purely spiritual nature, and if you don't believe me, ask Brother '? John Koseby. He and I drank out of the Dame bottle. The spontaneouo banquet to which Sir 'Enry Parkes was invited came off in the vestibule of ' the Town Hall. Foliage, flowers, and flags adorned the room, and the tables wore go artfully fixed that the guest of the evening faced hi3 own Narcissus-like portrait. Over this and in largo let ters was the word ' Welcomo,' which had evi dently been copiod from one of the worko of the ar tist who designs our gaol mattings. It was a happy .!??: thought to place Sir 'Enry opposito his own phiz, ' '? because the sight of it would blunt tho appetite ,.', o£ even a hungry dingo, and consequently the :?:?: rest of tho guests, by kooping a junk of fowl in ' ' each hand and half a ham in their mouths all tho 'time, wero enabled to hold their own ; against tho man whose knife and fork recently did such fearful havoc on the banquet boards of England. Fully 200 revellers of tho 'no aooount' order graced the festive board ; — tho majority having accidentally (but kindly) forgotten their Blue Eibbon3 for this occa' .eiononly — and when the distinguished statesman took hia soat, a oheer went up that made those ; whose knew what the 'jorriod' foundations be neath wore like, tromblo at the replication of tho ;. , Bounds lost; the whole hall would tumble ovor and ; .''? squelch the crowd, even as the temple o£ Dagon flattened outtboqo other Philistinos in the stormy days of Sameon. Sir 'JSnry, by tho way, is now ? a perfect masher, and as he beamed upon us in alj ? the glorious ref ulgenco of a frillod shirt, diamond studs, cluw-lmHimev coat, and patent leather boots, ho strongly reminded ono of a comet just taken out of a bandbox, with its tail done up in fancy napors. By his oido, that other amorous old ' chappie/' Sir John, was completely snuffed out, and had ladies beon admitted to r/atch tho lions feeding, I fear many a too-susceptible, fluttering female hoart would have been split into little chips by the quite too av/f ully lovely eharmo or our new Beau BvumEiell. She rest of tho guests ?..require no description, for as tho dezzling beams of the glistening noon-day oun shut out the twinkling stars from view, go also did Sir 'Enry' put a total eclipse on tho lessor lighto around. [Musha now ; Ink at that — an1 th' purty noao av 'im !] John Davioo wao sweet, but subdued ; old Johnny Rao looking very ' taking/' tho stylo the Smith (of princely cab renown) woro a lavender tie proved him to bo of rich butgonfceol parentage, and tho chairman and bulk of the festive cusses who sat around in their dross suits looked liko a lot of dyspeptic i'ootmou dresBcd up in their holiday grave-clothes. Lettors of apology for non-attondanco wore read from the Kiamc Ghost, the Sprite of Gavbott's Bridge, theMayor of Milburn Creek, tho Hon. -?' John M'Elhono, the Hon. Abby Dabby, tho Hon. Garden Honey, tho Un-reverend Peter Campbell Happy Jack, and numerous other frionda and admirers of our esteemed money-lending coin pany-floalor, afLor which the usual time '. who waBtod over tho usual toante, and then Hit) ,c{ Wuaahip,' Muyor Hardio, rose, and said that ho hoped he might uovor die if ho 'know why he was called upon to fill the role of chuirman that night, because, as a matter of fact, ho knew very little about anything at alb and still less about tho world of politics. Gift of speech was no natural gift of his, and probably that was the reason ho played tho dummy's part so wellj but nevertheless, he was like the Irian man's cockatoo, a poor t:,lker3 but a beggar to think for all that, and therefore ho thought that being a Mayor, ho wac a Mayor, and furthermore ho was as good a judge of a bag of flour ao any man in Sydney, and no ono could say ho ever acted the adulterated potato during tho whole of liia public career. He sincerely hoped the gentle men assembled (honr, hear, from a calico-jimmy opposite) would givo Sir H. Parkas a fair and impartial hearing, and if in tho courso of the remarks of that bri!'-' rii ''?..'-? ps man, that successful syndicate vuik.r, ihut eminent free-luncher, ho happened to snake any otatement which wro not strictly true, he hoped they would excuse him on acconnt of tho great scarcity of truth at present, and besideo Sir 'Enry wao ono of those noble-minded mnn who have too greet a respect for Truth to bo dragging her out nock and crop upon every occasion. [A water-stranger at tho nido table — ' Titn'uh up Lech have Sun- envy nor/, and then Mishor RooBhby oez oing-er comic ohong.'] This inter' ruption'seemed to break hia 'Wusohip all to pioceo and in c confused way ho concluded by saying} 'I very much regret my esteemed friend, Mr. G!-. M. Pitt isn't in my place to-night, beoauso I'm told it is customary in a ease like thiu to finish off v/ith a little bit of appropriate poetry, and Mrt Pitt, as you all know, can tie up one leg and sling the toughost poet that ever yelped an epic. However, a party connected v/ith the Feeehan's Jotxenal (great uproar) hag kindly favoured me with a few lines which he Days will fit the sub* ject right down to tho ground, and they joggle along aB follows — ' Sir 'Enbv lives ! His l;iud don't die Till tlio devil thins out stock, And I reckon lio land o' rides him by As a comfort to his flock ; But it's safer to copper his chance for graco When ho stacks his checks and quits ; And dealin' for him or his gang is a case That nothing like square work fits. Then hist up yer pizun, and drink to th' day, When he once more clutches his pow'r, his place and pay.' With those fow'romarks, gentlemen, I will now put Sir 'Enry to tho mooting, earnestly hoping that you will givo him tho bouofit of any doubts within your mindo — ' Sir 'Enry Parkes — and to a certain extent,' God blocs 'im.' Music by tho band of tho Haymtvrkot Merry-go-round — ' Oh I'm a chickolary cove, an' Sir 'Enry is xoy namo.' When the table -thumping, which follor/od tho Mayor's golden-mouthed oratory had subsided. Sir 'Enry rone to his full oxtont and smiled co much above his stomach as to remind one of the poet's words : ' As somo tall cliff tfctifc lifts its awful form, Swells from the ynla, and midway leaves tho storm ; Though round its base a country's ruin's spread, Eternal moonehiuo sottlos on its head.' Aa uoual, the Grand Old Man began by pointing out that tho banquet given to him that evening was eololy as a geuenous recognition of what ho had dono in past years for tho sake of his blood ing country. This, by the way, appears to be a perfect mania with Sir 'Enry now, and a corpora tion navvy or a dirt-cart driver cannot tug at his forolock as tho bumptious ox- Proinior passes bv without that worthy at once informing him that tho mark of respect is paid, not in consideration of any favours infuluro, but simply on account of hia patriotic exertions in bygone dayo. After this, Sir 'Eury launched oivfc into the chief trouble of the evening by declaring that during the paot 13 monthsho had boon constantly blushing for his successors, and on somo occasions the ac tions of these misguided men were so distressing that he had to hirj half-a-dozen foreigners to help him through with the blushing business. Howover tho country managed to exist during Lug aboenco is more than anyone can conceive, for it would seem ao if tho Stuart Ministry actually lay awake all night, plotting how they could bring tho most calamities and miseries on the land. It was now a v/ell-eotablishod fact that the reeout fearful drought was nothing more or less than a punishment sent bv Providence on tho people for turning their backs on such a heavon-born otatesman as himself, and, as might have been expected, the presumption of those Baorilogious persons who dared to pane a Land Bill during his absonco was at once visited by a return of the dreaded small-pox. When he kndod in England, hia worthy friond Mr. Glad» sbono was in a tight phico ovor the Egyptian busincs:', but by carefully attending to hia (Sir 'JSnry'e) instructions, and using St. Jacob's Oil the crisis was safely got over, and the old Proarier'u appcti'.o rotumod with redoubled vigour. Whon the slant-eyed, cuddle-coloured Ghiuoso AmbasDa-lor, Li Huug, was in Etwee, ho (Sir 'ISury) explained to him all about his own (Li Hung's) business with France, but as the heathen declared he couldn't understand the peculiar English the man with tho joss head and No 11 boots spoke, his advico was not taken, and now China is up to heroarain war, and Li Hung has to commit suicide to save himself; from slaughter. Warming up to his subject, tho Grand Old Man continued, ' It io to me that my irrolerjG Baron D'Eynccourt Tennyson is indebted for tho greatest thoughts that over croosod his brain, for many a time and oft havo I dropped in on him just as the dinner was served, and after (at his own pressing invita-. tion) having wrapped mysolf-round Eeven or eight courses, I havo fixed him with my henglo hoyo and' recited a littlo pome of my own, dashed off whon, siok of tho caresses and flatteries of lovely, high*, born dames tind titled. courLiero, I havo rushed from tho world and lot loose the divine afllitus v?hich raged v?ilhin my own Parnassian boaom. It is to me that Mrs. Langtry owoo hor fame, as I took thogroateot paino to improvo her elocution, end to fcenoh hor how to blush ncturnlly whenever tho exigencies of a situation de manded ouch an exhibition.' (A muffled voice — ' Hooray. Exerjinsoyo is good. Dan O'Connor couldn't lick it.') Sir 'Enry : ' I may also tell you, gentlemen, that Albert Edward hau upon oeveral occaoions declared that if ho wasn't tho Prince of Wales ho would dearly love to bo Sir 'Enry Parkes, and furthermore, our Gracious Queen has frequently remarked that it I only dyed my beard red, and wore a kilt, and waehed my lego with Pottie's Jelly Soip, I'd bo ao good and ao bray? a man as over the late John Brov/n wa3. These, and a myriad other compliments were paid to mo during my short ofcay at home, but native modesty forbida my touching on such delicate matters now, and so we'll catch Ion °to somo other lesB glorious, but more general sub ject.' Some little disorder was occasioned just hore by a gentleman at the bottom of the table, who took a drink out of a black bottle, and didn't know the thing v/so loaded ; but this was soon quietened down, and Sir 'Enry observed that during his aboonce tho colony so dear to 'is 'art had suffered greatly in tho way o£ wealth, InTo thing of the kind, however, is the case. Con» sidering the terrors of tho recent dry season, tho suspension of sales by auction, and bad times in general, tho colony has pulled through remarkably well indeed without the groat I Ail's aGoiotsnco. According to recent roturns wo find that while the lose on tho land sales for the year ending Juno last waa £926,000, notwithstanding the drought, the decrease in tho revenue for tho year wao only £481,000. On the quarter closing at the date mentioned, there was an increaae of ;8L19,000. Does that look as if we wcro a nation of paupers now, Sir 'Enry ? For tho twelve months named, and for the twelve months that expired a year before, after the item of land oalca was knocked on the head, fchero was an increase in the rovonuo to tho amount of £371.000. Does that look as if the great ' Auc° tralian Investment Co.' of Parkoo, Vickery, Flood, and Wateonis to be implored to step in and rescue Lho country from insolvency, Sir '.Enry ? Catching on the trouble again, our Munchuusen member declares wo have during bin lamentable absence Buffered in reputation also. Tim comes with remarkably bad graco from the man who haa done more to degrade Lho business of a statesman to the levol of tho tricks of a monto player ot Randwick than any other man who haa ever been injpower since Captain Cook first landed. What ever the Stuart Ministry has dono, ithaa never yet disgraced tho land by a Milburn Creek swindle ; i'o haa never yet had to shameloesly strive to oppone tho appointment of b Beloct committee to inquire into the shady doings of ita T/eaourar ; it hoo never yet donated thousands of pounds worth of ' 'igh hart' treasures at tho expense of the State coffers'; and it has never been bowlod out in underhand endeavours to ' Garbott ' a million or two on a bridge to North Shore. That Peckonifi: of politics, Sir. 'Enry, should remember thoco pecu liar little matters amongst thousands of others when ho noxt turns tho tap of his splenetic abuse on ' Master Stooat,' who, so far as cleanliness of political life in concerned, is as whito as a Trade's Union baker by the side of that chimney owoop who now calumniator) him. In the finale to his Billingsgate tirade, Sir 'Enry gave uo tho koy to all that wont before v/hen ho whiningly deolavod, 'Tho country has had enough of me ; I feel that in my last administration I rocoivod a most unjust reward of bitterness, and I am not dispoeod to forgot it.' This is not true. Tho reward of bitterness was richly doscrvod, find as for your not forgotting it, Sir Hal, that cock won't fight at all in tho presence of tho men who hoard you declare at East Sydnoy that tho door of your political life had for over closed, and who, before the week was out, found you oruwlipg; under tho — vv *. back-yard fence at Canterbury ; We' like you bettor whenjou tell us that whatever the future may havo in store you will consider your own interests closely. As if you ever did anything else in your wholo career, but make solf-interest your principal caro aid study. Get thee gone, Sir Hal—the thing's too thin. 