THE GLORY OF TEACHING A B C. , We have received from an eminent member of ai provincial school board the following notes of an ' examination day ': — , /.- Mixed girta' and infants' school. Time fixed for examination sharp 9 a.m. . At 10.15 H.M's. Inspector leisurely divests himself of coat, hat, oic, wnicu ne deposits on the girl's needlework,' and throws his bag on the harmonium. Puts on his coat again. ' This school is much too cold ; shut all the doors and windows.' Proceeds to examine the registers, summary, logbook, &c.; , with his back to the children, turning round oc casionally with, 'There's a child there noV attending to me,' or, ' If that girl with a squint looks about her any more I won't examine her.' At 11 o'clock : ' Oh ! how many pupil teachers have you ? Four, eh ? Well let Hmm nil »;„-- a collective lesson to the whole school ; subject, a cocked hat, or a pair of garters, or if they don't know what they are, the great sea serpent, or Barnumfs white elephant. Whoever finishes first shall have extra marks.' About 11.30 he begins to examine the school, gives dictation to Standard II.. in a low and rapid tone, so that they do not. catch half he says— ' As a fierce lion was prowling about. in.search of prey.' ? At the same time he reads from a. card afsum for another class— 'If. 17 coup'e of fat ducks sell for 3s 6d each and I lose. 9s Oi'd, what shall I have left V , . The second, standard' get puzzled and write down, ' As 17 fierce ducks were prowl ing about trying to sell, a fat lion who had' lost ys U£ci. i no sum was taken down something like this, ' If 17 couple of lions lose 3s Cd each, how much prowling would be left out of ya'OJd'.' He ' fails ' them all, turns to the mistress, ' Your children are perfect idiots.' Mistress weeps copiously. H.M.I, goeson to next class. Takes reading. 'Now, boy! I'm not deaf.' Children have been ^specially implored to'speak up for the inspector. '\ ,' Now that girl— no, notyou, the one next but five-' tell me the mean-, ing of a concatenatipn of events 1, Now don't be a week over it.'; Girl doesn't know; . 'Then you're a stupid dolt ! Can't you tell ma any thing about it? Is it about a cat, or a nation, or what?' 'Please, sir, yes, sir.' 'Now, which doyou mean V Girl : ' Pleaso, sir, no, sir !' Take a class in geography. ? Now. all stand— Oh, you were standing— arid look at me. That girl with red hair, tell me the exact dis tance in English miles from Dan to Beersheba'.'? Girl : 'Please, sir, it's the other class learns the colonies, not. us.' Mistress mentally re solves to give her ' what for 'presently.' Twelve o'clock strikes. H.M.I, cheerfully : ' Now I'll oxamine the infants' (sotto voce, : I almost think 1 shall catch that train.')' Mis tress :.,' Please, sir, they're all crying, 'sir, they are so tired of standing.' H.M.I.: ' I can't help that, let them sing, ' Oh, how we like in spection day,' and meanwhile show me your 'appropriate and varied -occupations.' How many girls have you among . the elder infants who can turn topple-tail accurately ? and how many boys who answer to the name Mary, and can knit comforters ? What proportion 'of this class brings pocket-kandkorchiefs, and how many, if any, use them, except to clean their slates? How many books have the three-year-olds read through this week, and can thn whnln nnhnnl An Swiss darning ?' Mistress : ' Please, sir— — '' H.M.I.: ' Now, I don't want any opinion from you. I'm here to inspect this school, not to hear what you think about it.' Song ended. 'VVell, that's fairly good, only I can make out neither words nor tune. Can they all say, ' A little cock-robin sat on a tree,' and ' A storm in a teapot,' and all ' Thomson's seasons,' and 'Med dlesome Matty,' from beginning to end without a mistake? Oh ! if they can't do that 1 shall recommend the withdrawal of one-half of the grant.' Sotto voce: 'I shall catch the 12.35 train, I do believe.' Exit, forgetting to. take away any of the_ papers, and to examine the. needlework, writing, and singing. — English Paper. A man had rant a girl in a lonely placo and forcibly kissed her. She was terribly indignant, and had him arrested. She gave an account on tho witness stand of how ho gazod at her intontly, and then, suddenly throwing his arms around her, imprinted a kiss upon her lips The prisoner made no defence, and the jury was ex pected to promptly convict him of assault. They returned to the courtroom. 'The ju-ju-jury w-w-wonld liko to usk the young lady two questions,' the foreman said. The Jud'.»e con sented, and she went on the stand. ' D-d-did you wear the j-j-jersey that you've g-g-got on now?' ' Yes, sir,' was the demure reply. ' And w-w-w«s your ha-ha-hair b-b-banged like that?' 'Yes, sir.' ' Thon, your Honor, we acquit the p-p-prisoner on the ground of emo mo-tional insanity.' Henry Irving's soason in New York is tho mnst remunerative on record. In 20 weeks he took 405,004 dollars. SaruBurnharrtt's recnipts for tho sanio period amountod to 390,000 dollars. A Lonely House.— Eight years ago (writes fVorld) London was all astir about the death of a young barrister, and people could hardly think of anything but ' poor Charles Biavo.' Since then his wife has gone, and Dr. Gully ; and pro bably very few ever give the mystery of Balham a thought. But it has not been forgotten altogether, and it is remembered seriously enough for somebody. The Priory, a cockney fied sort of castellated building, is to let^and it has been to let ever since the inquest at tho adjoining tavern. Nobody will look at the Priory as a residence, or do more than look at it. Of course, nobody confesses to any fear of the ghost or ghosts ; still, out of tho hundreds who have inspected it, there does not seem to nave oeen one person courageous enough to take it even at a reduced rent. Residents in the neighbourhood have almost ceased to take their friends to see it, and to point out '? the dining room where he took the Burgundy, don't you remember,' or the bedroom where he told Sir William Gull he had taken ' it ' himself. No body alleges that the house is haunted, yet no body will have it. ? . The Speaker has been served with a writ of the Supreme Court, at tho instance of Mr. A. G. Taylor, in connection with that gentleman's recent exclusion from the House. The Speaker reported the matter to the Assembly on Friday, and 'after a long debate leave was given to the Speaker to appear. The Attorney-General is to defend the action. - . A Brilliant Meteor.— The Rev. J. C Whall writes to the Bohart Mercury— ' I- don't know whether any of your readers saw the magnificent meteor w.hich i was visible on Thursday night shortly after 10 o'clock. I saw it, as I was walk ing up Macquarie-street. It appeared to start from near the zenith, and took a course nearly due south. It.was a. most .magnificent spectacle, presenting the appearance of a.alobe of fire. about two-thirds the size of a moon when first seen,' and gradually, diminishing in brilliancy, till it, separated into a shower of /sparks, some thing after the fashion of a rocket. It left a long trail.of light.behind.it. Had there been no, moon and a clearer sky, its appearance would have been most/ imposing. , It, is the finest meteor, save one, that I have ever seen.' A clergyman in Durham, England, some short time since, .taught an old man in his parish to read,;sand found him an apt pupil. After his lessons were finished he was not able to call for soine time, and when he didsfound only the wife at home. ' How is.: John ?' said he. 'How does he get on with his reading 1' ' Oh, nicely, sir.' 'Ah,1 1 suppose he'll read his Bible very comfortably now ?' ?' Bible, -sir ! Bless you, he was outof the Bible and into the newspapers lorigiago !' j- ..' ...... .:,:,.: i ?? . ??. .. ' . Pro verbs area good index to 'the character of; a 'nation'.' That of the Turcomans, read by the following sayings, is certainly formidable.' — ' He who has, seized' the ' hilt of his sword does not wait for a pretext ;' ''A mounted Turcoman knows'rieithe'r father nor mother ;', ' Where there is a town there are no wolves ; where there mo j. ufuuuiium Lutue ? ia no peixcB , no Persian crosses the Atreck, except with a ropo round his neck ;'.'' The Turcoman needs not the shade octrees nor the protection of laws.' That there are still monsters in human form isiproved by the evidence in the case of a coal miner named Myles, brought before an English Court, recently, for an assault on his wife. The unfortunate woman appeared in Court with her face bandaged, and she handed to the bench a match- box containing her nose, which her brutal husband had bitten off. An elephant escaped at about dusk from a menagerie' soine' distance outside London recently, and undiscovered, strayed along an unfrequented road. .A policeman, strolliugthat way sometime after, heard the heavy footstep, .and, coming up, turned his bulleye lantern on the: creature. ' It looked to the officer like the resurrection of the evil one. The elephant, seeing the light; gave a loud grunt, and the policeman did nut stay; He was picked up two hours later in ia fainting condition half a mile away. . |Thb_ latest, instance of strange superstition among sailors concerns the Kilfauns Castle, on board which vessel O'Donnell shot the informer Carey. No wages could indues seamen to ship in the vessel, and several were sent to gaol.' The result is that the owners have been com pelled to sell her at a great sacrifice to a Russian firm, who' have been careful to change her name. ; A barrel ,of bad oysters was sold at Cardiff last year to. a gardener, who has just found apearl in one of Ttnern' under a currant bush, where if had lain 'all the' winter, the value of which is esti mated at £20,000.. : ?;??' : ..'.?'. Worth a 'Licking.— Soine years 'ago, in Georgia,' that band of -.Christians known as As censionists were having, a grand revival. One day when the meeting, was' in full' force a storm came up, and a young gentleman, who was out hunting with his servant, ' took refuge in the church door.. Being .curious to see the service, the two hunters crept \ip.into :the gallery, and -there hid in :a place .where, they could observe without being observed. '. Come.iLqrd, come ; our robes are. ready. ? Come, Lord, come,' cried the preacher,; while all present gave a loud ?*' Amen.' . '.' Marso Gabo,' whispered Cuffy, lifting his hunting horn to his mouth, 'let me gib demjist one toot.' 'Put that horn down, or I'll break your head,' replied/the master, in a whisper.- The -horn dropped by-Ouffy's side, arid again the minister cried :??' Come, Lord, come; we are all ready for thy coming. Come, Lord,, come.' .'Do, Marsa Gabe — do j is t. lemma gib 'em jist one little tnot,' pleaded Cuffy, wot ting his lips and raising the horn. -. 'If you don't drop that horn, Cuffy, I'll whip you within an inch of your life,' whispered the exasperated master.' Blow, Gabriel, blow, we are' ready, for His coming. Blow, Gabriel, blow,' pleaded the minister. Cuffy could no longer resist the temptation, and sent a wild peel ringing from end to end of the church ; but long before its echo died away his master and himself- were the only occupants of the building. ' I's ready for a licking Marsa Gabe,' said .Ouffy, showing every tooth in his head, ' for I 'clare to gracious its worf two lickings to see the way common farm cattle kin git ober de grouud wid skoared 'Sconsionist3 behind dem.' Why he Wept.— Dr. Garth,'- of Edinburgh, stumbling into a church one day while the ser mon was in progress, found the preacher in tears as he poured out words, not thoughts,upon his listening congregation. ' What makes him weepV asked the doctor of one standing near him. ' By my faith,' was the answer, ' and you would weep too if you were in his place, and had as little to say.' 'Come along, my dear fellow,' responded the doctor to his new acquaintance, ' come and dine with me : you are1 too good a man to be here.' It is a characteristic of the waiters in Paris restaurants that, : no matter what you may ask for, thoy will invariably reply ' Yes,' and either bring it to you or, on returning, assert with sorrow that unfortunately there is no more loft. Mery, the well-known author, tried this joke on once. He peremptorily ordered of tho waiter ' a sphinx a la Mare'ngo.' ' I am sorry to Bay we have no more, monsieur,' replied the waiter. 'What ! No more sphinx ?' exclaimed Mery, feigning astonishment. The waiter lowered his voice and murmured in a confidential whisper, ' We have some more, monsieur j but the truth is, I should not care to give them to you, as they are not quite frosh.' Ldvkly Climbs. — There are lovely climes and places in which (.ho evoning zophyrs are loaded with malaria and the poison of fever and epi demics. To dwell there in health is impossible, ? without a supply of Hop Bittors at hand. Those bitters impart an equalizing strength to the 