TRAINING NOTES. &c.; fBT TBUBGSAFH.I MELBOT7BNE, SpndAt. Matters were very quiet in the rooms on Saturday evening, and after the blow the public received by the victory of Blipk Bonny, very little speculation trot place tn the Meibourae Cup, f or wbJA prfoeB were easier, and the 'following were the jgjo6tanonB:-~14 ' fo1' 1 Teach v. Off Colour and Plausible; 16 -to 1 v. Blink Bonny, Vergy, Loid Wilton and Anchorite: 20 to 100 to 1 v. any other. ? ?'' . ? '' ? ' .'. ?. .?:' ' ? -.' '?? Moiro^r, There were very few persons, at Flemington this morning, and the work done was not interesting. Fryingpan, Vergy, Lord Wilton, Hastings, and most of the others that §§? taced at Caulfield on Saturday were restricted to * M cantering. Martini-Henry was not oui» and' it is || thought that, he to lame. : Bargo and Tremando m cantered, and' ran a fast half-mile. ' -fiaigo ib very well, but . §§ Treamndo dragged hiB off hind leg in a suspicious manner, g. atd unless easeain ibis work will probably go wrong. Tempe, 'S lolanthe, Monte Cbristo, end Despot were sent to slow work, m but I did not eee Uralla. Fayo, who looks well,did moderate - « work on tbe sand track. - Plausible went nicely on the ten. m fimrilda cantered, asd spurted; and after a long canter ' ? Warwick cpun along for half a mile. .Lamond sentPhaon, m £urfDrd, Magnifier, Toward, and Tremulous to useful S extrciee, snd I like the two last named best. Le Grand was . B treated to . a good working gallop. fiir,Modred performed S «n easy task, and Gueaswork, who is in great form for the «$ 9 time, sw-eattdand finished np. smartly. Hurricane^ The -w Broker, Leporfello, Yascb, The Pencil, 6ir Garnet, « Eigsbr, and a- lot cf others did alow ' work* Anchorite m is doing well at Queenscliff, and at ? Caulueld the most solid woik is brfng done, by : 'Umbra, -Mistake, Mozart, The Choet, Melcdious, (Joriolanns, ^Jorfelk, Ontario, and Violet. * ' \ ' s ' if is thought that Martini-Henry, who has been scratched far all his V. fb C. iengaRemejitB, will never be able to race again. Prioeson the Melbourne Cup remain much as pre viously quoted. ' Melodious and the South Astralian colt Ve*steaa have bem backed for flie Maribyrnong Plate, for wbichtbefollowiDgare the latest prices:— 100 to 15 each - v. Urallaand ideTodious, 100 tolO vz Cairo and Nawstead, 100 tot* to 100*»4 v.' sny other. Bargo is at 6 to 4, taken snd o&redjfortbe; Derby, and nothingelaehaabeenbacked, though 10 to 1 is offered tar one. .; ;-. --& ??? ?: M: After the race for the Norsery Handicap pn gaturdayi **' M Mr. J. Harper sold the mare Violet to Mr, R. G. 'Xalbot * forSOOepvs. . ?:--'-. ???- m ..'.. .:,.-. ? '. -..?.????? -.' ?.-?? .TtJBSDAT. »; . Tlere were not more than 1 a!f-*.-dozm persons at Flem- m. ingion this morning, and the rain which fell during the S~; night caused tbe* ground to be. covered with water in places. ' ,M As .usual, Morrucn wbjs «ut early with Allander, Dirk m Hatteraick, The Broker, Vflscof Lepbrello, Bosman, and a JK lew otbeiv, who were Bent good sound krork oh the tan. --mm' Mt. Cook treated A&gjesey;, Hawthorn, Schoolgirl, Brink- .y'iiffli man; €6hslinai andlKemusto usefnl exerdse en thetan. ? ?'?^BK Mr. Eonttterisent^w^^ andBrivaltettaBtningtwioe 'Wm_ round, and both are .Ipokcngrwell^ ihe«theaof the team wB: 4id.^w fair work. *a ,tiie condiJioH.. of |h« track -^S. wonld j»tmit. : TrnvHon. JaBoes White'* youn/jejew per- WL fonteu average work oj the*(Qindere» S^o'and Tremando ?'» csnttred Ihree timesrouna .the taii^ - fl^taUersiiaped better ^ ?, ?Jm than be 3id yesterday, mcirning. Bargo, fiweated a good « deal towards ihe '?&& 6i Jhfe journey, but be move* freely w and well. There la np fault to find with his appearance, -S .but the time has now ahiveo for him to 'A6 Derby work ; S sndtinleEB be doesfoiBobn bis colours may be Jpwtrei tot fS ib'e 'blue . ribbon,' for Dtrbya are hot von by canterinK v-^S and talf ? nVfle -purt preparationB: JosephinB dn -^^9 a- couple of,., good solid.. tnmB Man ft»?;; ton» ^-^^ -where Despot canteied.- Tempe, and lolanthe * went V-^-vm quietly on the duden, and, it need not 'catwe ;mxrniue '-mm if they eventually *um oiit'to 'hfe ftemoet profitalileof the ^g Bjable, PUnaiblB ffid .:» couple of turns un the tair, and S went fredjaiifl well, fcntl dt- not like biin. Kews^ead, . H with a «cmp»»lOT, rah a ia£t]hJdf-tDne,aiid be murtbd ;__;j| uaagerou* for the Maribyraong Plate. Signs? did long, . .jlBlOwwork,at!deodid Stationer. fryingpan,in clotting, mat. three tarns on the tea in great fora,, and . JPower, who was in the saddle,- had all he ^ cojdd do to hold Mm. Meteor Iweat nfcely; and :Wrf»eIeyai:d Cairo, both looking a great deal too light . and. toe for the time, cantered. Sir Modred and Bristoldid eaey work. Guesswork, with O'Brien in the saddle, ,-. -cantered woe round the tan, and then did a severe twice ?. found, which fairly playe&him; oat ; and no wonder, for the ? took was very heavy. * Pilot's brother and another wangster run a smart three furlongs, and Pilot was seat a long, hard wotting gallop twioe round. The mush im« prorodMiddlamarnhdidaoonpleof turns very nicely ; bat lie torn as much as ever, and 4 long journey wm trouble .._ Mm. Lady Wilton exercised on the crane* and bo did . Surrey, Taraxacum, The Agent, Governor, St. John, Country Boy, and a number of two-year-olds. Flying . Jib, Bon Bon, Ringmaster, The Teacher, Sandal, and several regulars did fair work. The Pencil and a bt of ethers were expected to pot, in an appearance later on. Skipper has bean seratehed for the Melbourne Cap, and Aoolite for the Coburg Stakes. At Cauifield T.Jones has Coriolanufl, The Bohemian, the by King Cole from Spays, and Melodious, by Goldsbrough. from Melody; B. Batty aasYately, Ontario, Deoeiver, and aooupleof others. Conolly's team comprises Jackiioach, Friendless, Toronto (a two-year-old, by King of the-Ring from Calliope), Angler, Syphon, and a number of other Jumpers* Mr. Beid has The Ghost, Norfolk, Tumult, Grace Darling, Nando, and the two-yea-olds Ormolu, by Tobal Cain from Kestrel, and Ironspring, by Tubal Cain from Mazurka. The others that work there are Sapid, Camertne, Bargo, Kingfisher, Pilot, Gipsy's Warn ing, Mozart, Cupola, Merry Fenella, Stampede, Taud Stiekor, CodUtnd, New Babylon, Chester, The Laird, Pole star, Beresford, and the following two»year-oida :— violet, by St. Albans from Horticulture; fleartB6ase,by Anglerfrom Ace of Hearts; achestnutcoltbyNewminster, from Lady Susan.; l/loth of Gold, by King Arthur from Mousey; Umbra, by Julian Avenel from Parachute ; and Wangs, by Ambassador bom Miss Angler. At Williamstown Mr. Be&feam; has The Plunger, Ned «' the Hills, Metal, Hilltop, Bend Or, Baton, and others ; ?while amongst Mr. S, Wilson's team at St. Albans are Off Colour, Silver King, Little Sister. The Bey* Bonne Fortune, and the two-year-olde Waiting Maid, by King of the l$mg from Mischief; Feroside, by Chandos -from Atholme; HampBtead, byKingof the Bug from Nellie; and First Prince, by King of the fimg from Senorita. The Messrs. fiobertson have then* team in private bain ing at Kingston, near Queenscliff, and ft oonsists of Coutoun, Countryman, Anchorite, Precious Stone, General Skobdoff, Hannibal, Coronet, Merri, Uddington, and \- Primus. They lostneevfly over Colstonn'a defeat for the Caulfield Cup; but tfAiH&orlte; be as good as he is said to fee lie m»y recoup all losses on Melbourne Cup Day. A movement In the -market the other day would seem, to indicate that The Plunger is likely to be the representative of the Williamstown stable, and up to date there has not ' been any sign made in favour of Nedo' the Hills or Hilltop, both of which are particularly well in. ? ? - W«DNE8DAT. The training tracks were in better order this morning, and a lot of serviceable work was done. Morrison's team were sent strongly. Chablis, 'Vernet, and Sauvignon were treated to sound gallops, and Commotion, who was hi great heart, -went well. 'Signor. Prodigal, Hastings, Favo, and Lord Exeter snaped in good form. Plausible rattled twice round the tan at a good pace. Fryingpan was sent dine times round the tan steadily. He in a beautiful goer, and it is surprising that such a powerful fellow '??'. did not run better' at Caulfield. Le Grand and ' Capri did a couple of nice turns; the big horse never looted tetter in Ids life, and will be hard ' ? tcr beat in all his races; bat Capri is far too light and has a ' worn, tired outappearanoe. Bargo and Tremando cantered and ran a fast half-mile. Despot went for average workon ?'? the sand irack. Cairo and Wolseley cantered and ran home ? emarfly. Lamond's, Fenoelly's, andMonaghan's youngsters : ?' ' cantered and spmted, and Corday shaped particuWlv well. ' Sfonebroke, Middlemarch, and Josephine are each per ? forming light tasks Vergy, who may be a trifle light, worked steadily. Mr. Dakfn tent The Pencil, Carew, ?? Derision, and Hie others of his team for some good work, and the first-named will be hard to beat in the Maribyrnong Plate. Arsenal, DanseUBe, and The Trawler went solid 'work, and so did Stationer and the muohJmprovedBon Bon. Guesswork, King's Messenger, Conjecture, Dunlop, The Teacher, Meteor, Bingmaster, and the others of Wilson's string etrode along for good working exercise ; but none of ,. them werp. allowed to extend themselves. St. John, /???? Country Boy, The Agent, arid . Taraxacum lid quiet; TV wori, and finished fast. Lady WiJ.tcm/ Helene, Boyal friptimBw, and Sir ? Garnet, all looking well, did me ':; ^am .'^ori. f ' Lord ^flto4.' Manfred, and \Graiitnde ... '-»eh vent . strongly, ? and the latter Kill ran ' : Jorwaid far the Derby, A great inany jumpers worked 'fitroDgly at Cffulfieltf. Mozart, Umbra, Mistake, Yately, ' Ontario, Violet, Cupola, Deceiver, and Melodious continue \- todogoodwork. Mains, Kmgtof the Gipsies, and Maroaey are fast getting into shape at Brighton, and satisfactory re ports are fo hand froni WilliamBtown respecting Hilltop and The Plunger,- beth of which have been backed at 100 *o 4 for the Cup. . c: . - ? ' Neither Sweet William nbrWallangra will come to Mel bourne, and it ip rumoured that toby are lame in Sydney. Betting is at a standstill thiB morning. . 