Tujpf Tilk. Turf matters have been very 4uiet during the week? but on Monday next, the lltb, racing men will have plenty to ingage their attention, for at 4 p.m. bn tiiat day nomina ions.are to close for several important raoes. TheSyfiney ,| Cup, to be run at the next Autumn Meeting of -the Aus-** . tranan Jockey Club will first claim attention, and the terms *? ire a handicap sweep of 20 sovs. each, 5 forfeit, or I only if declared by the 19th of March, with 500 Bova.-dded, and aa .l,6ov., part of the sweepstake, will nominate for this rich stakes, a long list of en'ries should be welcomed by Mr. Clibborn. At the same time, and on the same date, Mr. C. S. Guest will be ready to receive' nominations for the Rowley Mile and the Hawkesbury Autamn Handicap, to be run on the 3rd and 5th of April next * The Rowley ^.Ua is a handicap sweep of .5 eovb,, with 200 sovs. added ; entrance, 3 eovsm of which one sov. must be sent with nomination, and the remaining 2 sovs. if not scratched by 4 p.m. on the 24th of March. This year the Autumn Han dicap will be a sweep of 10 60vs. each, with* 303 bovb. added; entrance, 4 eovb.; 1 'sov. to be paid at the time of en trance, and the other 3 sovs. if not scratched by 4 p.m on the 18th of March. HorseB left in either event after 4 p.m. on the let of April will be regarded as acceptors, and shall ba held liable for the full sweep, which must be paid on the day before each race is run. or the horse will not be qualified to start. , Nominations for the A. J. C. Autumn Maiden Plate ani the Hawkesbury Maiden Plate can be made from date. T he general entry for the V. R. Ct Autumn Meeting is : to close with the secretaries of the V. R. C. or A. J. C, at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, the 14th, and, as the programme is unusually brilliant, the different events are sure to fill well. ' ' . .'.' ...... ^J;. .... '': There is every indication of the V.R.C. Autumn meet ing, which is .to take place, at flemington on , the. 1st, ^6th, and 8th of .March, being- the most successful, that has ever been held in the. sister colony at that time of the yearj and already the three principal events which are to be run are attracting a deal of attention. The St. Leget, to be run on the first day, would feem to be a foregone conclusion, for Martini-Henry has shown such undoubted superiority over all of his year that but few will care to dispute; hfe^iitie to the great three-year-old event.' The Newmarket 'Handi cap, which will be run on the first day of the meeting in stead of the last, as has been the case during previous years, ' has a great number . still left in, and Segenhoe, Country man, and Coolabah appear to be' the most fancied at present; but the real wagering has adt yet oommmoed, and -Qiany important changes in the pricee Tare sure to take place before the day. Although Martini-Henry is engaged in the'Gham pionllace,1»bexunonthethirdday,andwilljrio9tprobably be reserved forthat«venu henow holds theflatteriug'positioa of first favourite for the Australian.Cup at 10ft toSj /whila 2 to I is the best offer against him for the Champion Stakes. Books have been opened upon the double- event— the New* market Handicap and the Australian Cup— anli froWlOOO to 1 to 1000 to 2 is offered, provided that one horse tie not: named for both races, in which case prices range from'lOOO to 3 to 1000 to 6. Nine of Mr. De Meetre's horses, including Navigator, left overland for'Melbourne on Tuesdayy ' A few important moved, were made in the. betting market in Melbourne on Monday in connection with Segenhoe andl Countryman for the Newmarket Handicap. Both oolta were eteadilv -backed daring, laet week to win coma thousands, and on Monday the support was^o genuine that at last 100 to 9 waB ihe best offer against either. Bar the two named, 100. to 5 was offered againet .any other. Precious Stone, after his Geelong. successes, was fure to beinquired aJter,anfl hie name was written to tha same tune at 100, to 4. Coolabah was also supported at the said figure, and he then remained at 100 to ,5, Claptrap was backed at 100 (o 4. For the , Australian : Cup not a single blow: has yet been, struckV.and 10 to 1 is offered on the field. There is., very little doing on the Champion Stakes, 6 to .4 being the most liberal offer against Martini Henry, with takers at 7 to 4., Commotiou'e price,is 3 to I offered, and 100 to 30 wanted, whilst 5 to 1 is the Vate, bat the. two favourites. For the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup the double event prices range from 1000 to 2 to 1000 to 10. ????. r ; 4 From Melbourne we .learn that the bettings over the double— the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup— does not promise to be such a favourite selection with backers and layers as in previous . years when these races were reversed, though during the past dav oc two a few thousand pound books have been opened. The favourite - doubles— Segenhoe 'and ' Sardius, Country man and Sardius— have been touched at 1000 to 1 leach. Tee follow ing wagers have been laid i-rr-^OOO to-6 Segenhoa and Sardius (taken), 1000 to 6 Segenhoe and Coriolanus (taken), 1000 to 6 Segenhoe and Sweet William (taken), 1000 to 6 Segenhoe and Martini-Henry (taken), 1000 to 6 Countryman, and Sardius' (taken),' 1000 to 6 Country man and Sweet William (taken), 1000 'to 5. Clap trap and Sardius (taken); 1000 to 6 Precious Stone and Sardius (taken), 1000 to 5 Precious Stone and Sweet William (taken), 1000 b 5 Saionara and Sardius (taken), 10C0 to 5 Conjecture and Sardius (taken), JiOOO to 5 Bas sanio and Sardius (taken), 1000 to 5 Paganini and Sardius ^taken).. ' ; ??; ; - . _???-.?; ????-- '..^ The following horses were struck out of . the Australian Cup on Monday :— Nicholas, Grosvenor, Santa Claue, Calma, Pollio, W-arwick, Archie.' The scratchings for ihe New market Handicap are — Torpedo, Claudius, Golden Butter fly, Signor, Archduke, Lady -Beatrice, RingwoodjjVergy, JGrosvcnor, St. '-Lawrence; Chuckster, CasBiopea^Tyretta T rump YosSj Permit BramBtone, Haidee of the Hills, Llttla Sister, Merftrtin, AtirSna/ 'Squireen; Mistake, First Demon* . Privateer, Larpent, and -Prometheus. Up to date 36 horses have been left in the AuBtraliaM Cup, ana'64 In tHe New market Handicap. r . ..... . ??:l*yc.J \Tbe Hon. rjjmes White's team,- comprisiag^Mtfdni Henry, Segenhoe, Despot, -Iprpeth, Iolantbe^ Bar^Oj and Salvo, left for Melbourne on Wednesday to finish their preparation for the Y. R.C. Autumn Meeting. It is greatly to be regretted that our South Australian friends will soon lose the support of their turf magnet, Sir Thomas, Elder, who, it is stated, has .determined to disposa of the whole of his facing stock on the 20th' of May. From inquiriep, there would not appear to be any founda tion, fcr .the xuruour that Coriolanus was or is in danger of disqualification for Tatttrsttll'u Cup on thegro-ind dof an tnor as to nomination. . i -.?..,-. .?-.'?*-??. A rare meeting is to take place' at the Crow Roads new Li\e»pool on Wednesday nott, when it is to, b'9 hoped thit tbe poweTS that be will keep tbeitfayes open for those little ' infoimaliticB' which occasionally creep into country meetings, i . / . : ???'?? ;;?.,??.,'?;' * The colt, by Musket from Locked whiqh was tohave been submitted with the others of the Auosland Stud Company's yearlings last week, waB sold privately in New ^Zealand for cOOguineae. i ??'..* Le Grand' muct have been a much better horse at Geelong than he was at the late-Anniversary Meeting at Randwiok, for we find that be won ihe Produce Stakes, 1| mile, with 9s t. 31b. in the raddle, in 2 44] while in the Anniversary Handicap, with 101b. lees, he finished fourth last, when the mile and three furlongs occupied 2.25. ' . A special general meeting of the' members oi'Tatter sall's Club was held at the Club-room, ^Tattersall-, ot» Monday evening, whes the chair was occupied by Sir. J.B* # . \- Olliffe, M.L.A., and the attendance numbered atom 70. A , few alterations were made in the rules. Rule 21 will now ',' read :— *' That the committee shall take cognisance of all ,.? beta which h&VB; not been in abeyance for a period of IS months; and should any case of disputed wager, sub . mitted be deemed of a frivolous or vexatious character, the . - committee shall have power to inflict a fine upon one or ' :*-oth of the disputants.? A new rate, which reads as fol ' 'Iowa, was adopted:—' No member of the committee shall, either directly or indirectly, be connected or interested with anyone making -* book ; and should any member of the committee be proved to be eo interested he shall forfeit his position on the committee.' It was decided to charge an entrance fee of one guinea,' and that one black ball in three should exclude'. - Mr. O. Glaascock lias purchased the three well-known steeplechasers Fickle, DayliRh,t, and Blackthorn. ; Sir. J. Wilson has not disposed of the St. Albans' estate, nor ia be likely to do so unless a very high figure be . , offered. .. ?:?: ? . ??,.? - ,??: i ? . .1 ? . . ?? :: ,; it is rumoured that the non-accepUnce of Sloth for the W v Newmarket Handicap did aot reach tha secretary of the |r'fit, {T, B.C. until top late.. ?'*.-* # The Murmmbidgee Turf Club held a general meeting on . Mondayevening, there being a large attendance of members. The retiring committee brought up their report, whuh was of a satisfactory nature, showing the debit balance of the dub in June, 1881, as being over £3700,. which had now been reduced to little over £1600..' The committee also reported that some valuable cups had besn promised for many years to come, and also generous subscriptions towards the ladies' bracelets, &c.; The election of officers and committee resulted in the successful return of all the ' old members. The Tasmanlan Racing Club Annual Meeting is to take place on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday next, when some capital raoin? will be witnessed by those who have the good fortune to visit the ' Tight Little Island.' There are seven in the Maiden Plato, and if Astronomer be any thing like as good as he has been represented, it should go down before him. A dozen have been left in the Hobart Cup, If mile, and Linda; whose victory ia the Geelong -Jup trill raise her weight to 8nt. 71b , heads the list, -with King of the Yale next, at 7st. 131b. The Joker, 7st. 101b., appears to be about -the best in, and next to him Queen and Hobart should be the most trustworthy. Only seven remain in for the Steeplechase, and the places bid fair to go t j Taud stickor, Australian Court, and Denmark. , The other races have filled only tolerably well, and there are eight in the Hurdle Kace, nine in the Elwick Stakes, six in the Flying Handicap, 13 in the Goodwood Stakes, nine in the second Hurdle Kace, 23 in the Derwent Plate , five in the Nursery Stakes, nine in the President's Cup, six in the Selling Stakes, 19 in the Racing Club Handicap, U in the All Aged Stakes, and 16 in the Free Handicap. The events which' are to be decided under the auspices of the Tasmanian Turf Club, on.the 20th and 2let of February, appear to have churned more attention, for most of the races have secured a large number of entries. : TbQjQrange Annual Races, which were to have come off oh theoth and 6th of March, have been postponed until Thursday.and Friday, the 13th aud 11th of that month, \- and as a consequence the date3 of nomination have also been changed. Entries for the Champagne Stakes (handicap), the Stewards' Puree, Town Plate, and the Jockey Club ' Handicap, enclosing ljb'v. for each event, must now reach the secretary, Mr. F. J. Mulholland, at or before 10 p.m. on Tuesday, the 19th of February; and the general entry is to close on Tuesday, the 11th of March. The committee has decided not to charge bookmakers any fee for plying their vocation at the meeting. If it be true it is good' news for our breeders that the Im perial Government has commissioned Veterinary-Surgeon Appleton to come to Australia to purchase remounts for the \- ^ cavalry. '? , ? ' : -' - The Victoria Amateur Turf Club will hold what bids fair * to be a very enjoyable meeting at Caulfield to- day, and the weights for the handicaps appear in another column. Stingo's old companion Sparke heads the. dozen in the Hurdle fiacewith list. 71b., which should be sufficient to steady him, and at the weights the places are likely to be ' ^divided amongst Prospect, Agitation, and Sundowner. The Ghost, Sparke, and Black Diamond appear to be the most likely to distinguish themselves in the welter Handi cap : and Revolver, Moonlight, and Australian Court should be the hardest to beat in the Steeplechase. It is a difficult matter to form an idea as to what will start for the Hawks hum Handicap, but on paper, Phantom, Ferryman, and Baron von Mueller should be about when the whips are cracking. St. Valentine' e Handicap is exceedingly open, but on the .strength of ber running with Here's Luck at the Victorian Club Meeting, on the 12th of last month, Amblia Victoria will pnbably run a great race with 8st. 61b. in the saddle, and her most dangerous opponents should be Pre cious Btone and Kathleen. ; Transferred won bis first race in India, with 8st. 61b. up, beating Gudarz, Queensland, and Camballo, who attended him home in order for the Trial Stakes, when the mQe was run in 1.42f . Father Prout, the English horse, who had 7at. 111b., failed to get a place, and Gudarz carried 8et. 111b., so that the performance on the part of the two Australians was a good one. - ' 'The general entry for the Cootamundra meeting is to take place oh 'Wednesday, when acceptances must be seat in for the Turf Club Handicap. . The- weights for the Gundagai Handicaps will be found in another column,' and acceptances will fall due on Wedues ... day next, the 13th. . On Thursday and Saturday next, the 14th and 16th, we are to have the Newcastle Jockey Club Meeting. ' The -handicaps, the weights for which will be found in another column, have filled remarkably Veil, and the weights have \- been so evenly apportioned that the winners are ' almoBt im possible & find. Chesterton ;sflonld win the Hurdle Race, and the fiat races maybe divided amongst Erin, Dagmar, Affection, Leumeah, and I _aette. Nominations for |the Prince of Wales Stakes and 'the Selling Race must reach the secretary at or before 4 p.m. to-day. Our cbrreepondent at Newcastle telegraphs that Emprdss, .. Mirabeau,and Daisy are scratched for all engagements -tor . ??'?' the Newcastle Races. . ; . Late sporting items will be found on page 280. 