GIRLS' GOSSIP. (From truth.) —From your loving cousin, MADGE. DEAREST AMY,— The second Drawing-room was not quite so fortunate in the matter of weather as the first. There was a bitter wind from the east, and at about 3 o'clock a smart ahower fell. : I pitied ■•the unlucky fraternity •of the Bilk stookiog*. They lookedJivid- with cold, aud it was a curious anachronism to see ahem iQtheir'irfauffi,oient attire contrasted] with the Siberian furs in which some of the .coach* men rejoiced.? A’kind-hearted ouatreßß ; would. surely have known that one of the two ex tremes must hare been excessively uncomfort able; but 1 fear some mistresses do nob .much concern ■-themselves about the. comfort or , otherwise of their domestic?., . , . -i ?-We"saw the-Princess pass on- her way from Marlborough House to . Buckingham : Palace, \- looking absolutely- charming. - • The Prince, was. on the back seat, having, doubtless, to make room for bis lovely, wife’s-Court train. .We i- heard some amusing remarks niade by mem iHers of the - crowd.' One individual observed that; the Princess bad on a very handsome bonnet I A coronet \of . diamonds .and the orthodox plumes were her headgear. Another woman expressed- her,opinion.that a|Xj*yd f 3 was a better sight, than a Drawing-room, as • -.the ladies • wore much handsomer dtoafles” aMhe former. V v >Vv- •' Some .very lovely gowns;: were worn, -ine . Countessj.pfj Breadalbaoe’s showed a anion of coioura.The .petticoat . was \ in the very softest shade 61 pink satin, trimmed due Flemish point, and the folds were held* by plumes of ostrch fathers.-' The bodice and train ” were of dove-coloured Louis , XV* tho lattar being lined and edged with pink-silk. The.pjuutes9 : woro a tiara of di«mondsi“i• r - ’ ‘ ’ Lady Kay.Shatileworth’a.trajn was Watteau in style, and consisted of exquisite brocade in wbich the colours were ivory, puce, and silver. You can imagine how_delicato was the com bination. The petticoat was made of ivory ■satin, trimmed with Irish point and Venetian embroideries. , . *. Dady Lyson’e black dress showed an original i petticoat, made of fine jet, and trimmed with ! lace and branches oUvelvet flowers. Mrs Pauncefort Buncombe, who was pre sented on her marriage, woro a train of Vene tian brocade over white satin. Perhaps the words “ Venetian brocade” convey mMdea to your mind, and I know how tantalising it is to real fashion at tides in which all the prin cipal words are unintelligible, so I must ex* plain that* this sort of brocade, or brocatelle, has silver, or sometimes gold, thread worked into the design. These sparkle where they catch the light, the threads being made from real metal, eo'that you can'imagine that the . effect is very good. Mrs Edward Potter wore a dress that was simply perfect both in form and colour. The netticoat was of poppy-red satin, edged with one flounce, the rest just showing through a loug and full lace tablier of finest texture,' in a lovely design of tiny fern-leaves- This lace was sawn over witli tassels of steely beads, silvery in effect, and forming a charming con trast with tho poppy-red that shone subdued through the meehes of the lace. These tas sels drooped together with a musical rustle, and aided tho lace to Call in graceful folds. The bodioo and train were of dark grey bro caded velvet ottoman, trimmed with fine old point, the design being fern leaves, but than those on tho other lace. This train was edged wfth the aoftest pleatings of grey tulle, and trimmed wi--h groups of poppy-rod fea thers, each reposing on its own little nest of grey tulle. The Hon. Mrs Henry Molyneux'a traio was a work of art. It was of velvet brocade, the around being bronze colour, and scattered thickly over with leaves in pink, red, and gold This was lined with bronze satin and edged with tulle to m»lch. The petticoat was of giey enlin. '• The Hon. Mrs Trelawny wore a traio of quite the loveliest brocade X have ever seen. There were only two colours. The ottoman ground was in a very soft shade ,o£ red,, darker than salmon’ colour, yet not brown enough for terra-cotta. Can yon- imagine it ? Upon this was a design of leaves in velvet of the pales moss green, so pale . as to recall the green of lichens on a rock, only that they are hard, and these loaves are velvet-soft. This was lined-with satin of precisely the tint of our recent phenomenal sunsets. Now. can you see that dress ? Sometimes, when, I read a description of a dress, 1 can see it it were before ms. At other times, with h a long description before me and pxecscnf,materials in my hand, I fail to think one out. 1 I cannot see it. Do you know what.l'tnean I Mrs Mathey'a white dress'was much ad mired. The satin petticoat-was draped with clusters of hyacinths and slfings-of pearls; The t-ain was of brocaded velvet, edged with very full ruches of while tulle. Seme pretty presentation dresses were worn. I love those masses of soft, white, clond-liko tulle, ths only contrast with which is the mdt white of silk-or velvet, or the opsque white of lilac blossoms or snowdrops. Miss Bruce wore one of the best specimens of these, the tulle being' arranged in clonds over white satin. Large branches of guelder roses formed the trimming. The train was of while satin, trimmed with tulle and silver webs with spiders in them. These, as you know, are the badges of the Bruces. Miss Matheson’s dress was also of white satin and tulle, with sprays of white lilac. The train was lined with sarin of a pals green, which suggested the tint of the lilac leaves a pretty idea. Her sister wore a bodice and train of canary and white corded silk, lined with a delicate shads of pink satin, and edged with white tulle. The petticoat was made of canary coloured tulle over silk, and was trimmed with plumes of ostrich feathers, mixed with marabout. Deep lace flounces are going to be very much worn this season. Are yon not glad? Tiiat lovely Chantilly year annt left you will make you a delicious dress over black silk or satin. At Hayward's the ether day, they showed me lace quite a yard iu depth, which is to be used on the skirts of dresses and to be draped from gathers at the waist. They bad some wonderful imitations of Chantilly and Brussels, scarcely distinguishable from the real except by an expert. The texture and designs are absolutely alike, the same materials being used in these imitations as in the real lace, aud the designs faithfully copied. The difference, of course, lies in the use of machines instead of handwork, but for all practical pur poses (save that of investment) the compara tively inexpensive copies are admirable. . The foundation being of net, exquisitely fine, these laces drape in soft and clinging folds. Mr Biddle, who got np the exbibitiou of lace at tho Mansion House last year, and who is a perfect mine of lace lore, has secured a magnificent specimen of antique Venetian point, in perfect preservation. It is four yards long, and measures eighteen inches in depth, and', though I closely examined it, I could not. find a single flaw. The collection at the South Kensington Museum has nothing approaching this specimen. The design is bold, with those beautiful, free curves that characterise this kind of lace. It is never repeated twice alike, the workers having thrown their individuality into it. The most quaint and curious figures of little gods or idols, animals, and lizards occur here and there, wrought iu the finest stitches. Such is the infinite variety of these, that in one leaf alone I counted 20 different points or stitches... Another thing that struck me was the beauty of the bridge,or tiny.links: that connect the various portioqa of the de-! eigo. They are exquisitely delicate; and yet wonderfully strong, being wrought in the most fairylike buttonholing you- can conceive! One would imagine it to be.the work, of a family of industriously inclined butterflies rathey.than that of even the smallest and prettiest fingers of human mould. They also showed us a copy of old Chantilly in white, which'.would make an' ideal wedding gowo. ■: Those pale, leaves so; "on. web- like meahes.are surely .the Very*: poetry-of. . coats are its prose. , V ; v; : , , . Some iaf !the:new designs inJficbna struck-us as being very graceful. ,Tho'se nxsdo of: imita tion paint'd’Aleh.son ate beautiful: in, point! of colour, "the tint of the hand-made - lades .being exactly reproduced.. Tho ." Cosaque" is some thing.;new. Thebnelsawwas madepfMecb lin, in £ design of fuchsias, /mixed with soft wluta'orope. ' Tire fichu was-me=t becomingly arranged in thosefolds of which '.French'mani pulators-hold the secret; and at the left side the'.lace continued in a prettily-curved panier, which - ..- fastened . far back, on the hip. Irria. just the sort of thing to put on if ydo'fwant ■¥ to make -a /rapid . toilet without changing the .walkin’g*dteas.,. A . charming fichu in black net is called the Qaiatdd, and has R high collar covered with bead* and edged with lace. These high collars give much style to a dries. Tba fichu is edged with bead cm -broidery, but.the centre is filled in with grace ful folds, of a fine black j not starred ■ with jet., -The folds ere caught togatherat the waist with 'loops of narrow "ottoman ribbon, -and: hang below it very becomingly.' ■ The - charitable Jf&ex; told yon of some time ago to take- the formofa Shakespearean Show iato be held at'the; Albert Halloa the'last three days of May, aid it to consist of scenic illustrations of 17of th£ plays of The Bard." -The characters are tobe represented by ladies and gentlemen. The sctne in Lschato’s garden has .been. Selected from, " Much 'Ado about‘ Nothing." . Fancy, Lednato’s,garden sunk in the sunless depths of the Albert Hall 1 •" The Merry Wises of Windsor ” ; will; be more at home, atmospherically', ' aa well as hospitably. They are seen to-have; the refreshment stall, the Garter lan being: the scene selected : The -famous balcony in .“Borneo end Joliet,”, will bo debased by being/ the i scene 'of-: barter. Lady Granville Qordon.ia.to be- Juliet, v I see that Lady .Moptague" and Lady, Capnlet are to assist at this etalli r There surely ought to bo " wigs on the ■ green,V, to -;uso a good old Cavalier phrase. But perhaps, in the cause of gentle charity, even: Montagues and Capulets forget their differences; and cooeent to. bury the hatchet. The - towerand.battlements bn which -Hamlet’s father’s ghost: appeared are to form another, stall.: The quay on the_ Rialto is. the scene chosen from the “ Merchant of Venice." More atnfosphere wanted 1 Lady Alfred - Churchill is going fobs one of the witbbee in the caldron scene froth “ Macbeth." Some thunder and lightning, if you please. I hope they will not sell liny of the horrible in gredients of their original " hrew.”, Nor will the Forest of Arden Ija forgotten. Here will i be an amiable opportunity for-Birnam Wood to come. to !)nnsinflne, otherwifio Kensington; for ’what-.would i forest be without trees ? Are we (o have-Rosalind, caparisoned jikeia man,' in her doublet aud/hose, I wonder f and Audrey, with her turnip, whom,the gods had forgotten to make, poetical ? And who will be the " motley fool ”? -By tho way, I; do not fancy that Shakespeare is responsible for that turnip. Other scenes are to be taken from “A: Winter’s Tale." "King John,2*and "Richard III.” To turn from Shakspeare to the “ musical glasses," lam sending you. two shilling hooka of music, with which you will-be delighted. The cheap' publioations nanally contain little else than rubbish, but these, depart plea santly from the genera!rule. They are issued by Joseph Williams,', Berners street. One contains piauo studies .’by, W. Sterndale Ben nett, and the other three’sketches/a capriccio and a scherzo, by composer. I am also sanding you a bp'ght little song written by M. A. Baines and composed by T, L. Monk. It is called " What bars I for the. weather V I am not quite philosophic enough to join in the sentiment. 1 think the weather makes an immense difference. To turn to a different subject, do not for get to aek your cook what sort of soda she puts into the water in which she boils green vegetables. Yon wit!say at once, "Bicarbo nate of sods, of course.” But ask her. I said the same when someone wrote recom mending that tbs question should be put. To my horror I found that it is quite a common practice to use washing soda far this purpose. Fancy this strong, caustic in gredient being introduced: into one's food through the carelessness and ignorance of our cooks! A solution of washing soda.is used to burn away warts; so its effect upon the Interior organs may in some degree be guessed. This is anew phase of " death in the pot," as a friesd of mine remarked; and then she added, "L idles are very critical about shades of colour in drees, hut do not distinguish between a natural and a poisonous green jo vegetables when sent to table.” Hero is,a,.lovely recipe .for..real Madras burry, sent me by a lady who learned it during n.long residence in that .portion of India. A largo plateful of onions '.cut up? in smallish pieces;, a good sized lump of baiter; fry well in a stewpen, but do not let the anions become too brown. Then put in ‘two table spoonfuls' of curry powder (I should recom mend Barto Valid's, Moir’s, or, better still, that procured at Mr Halford’s, in: St. Martin's .lane; as it contains tho : ourry“leaf). Stir well. You then put in your meat—mutton makes the best curry;, a tame rabbit is also ex cellent. This, of coufae, you- joint, but bear in mind that to moke a good'curry the meat must always be raw. Stir well, and add a small coffee-cup of water, or good stock if you have it, and salt to taste. Let it boil, and then put in the milk out of a fresh oocoaout, a good cupful of ordinary fresh milk, aod two or three cloves of garlic cut up small. Break your oocoaout, aod with a strong fork scrape a sabcetful of the nut and put it into the curry, let it all boil up, and then keep it simmering, or, rather, slowly boiling, at the side of the fire, etirring constantly to pre vent its burning. Just before serv ing add quite a large spoonful of lemon.]nice. The rice must, of coarse, be served in a separate dish, never in the same dish as the curry, A mutton curry is all the better for at least three hours' cooking; the | meat should opt be cut too small, A rabbit or a fowl will be well duos in an boar to an hour sad half. If your curry gets too dry, mpisten it with milk. Coooauut'-ecrapers are,‘F’believe, to be "obtained; I have' one .ivhicll'-'could easily bs copied by any working 1 ironmonger. Good-bye, dear.- 