BY r .. jm; VAGAEdftk"" 13EKCHW0RTH. No. II. The sigh* from » 0f tiie " hems of the survey landmark is one ^ ^ tlie beauties iW Ontheoneha y ,.d {ar away « S?8»3.of »«m1"P„,' ,K joo seethe giant Boson*, r ~nIrtnlT OV€r httto JU „!„((■ hll MtRW. bookmg over tms r doft _hlg 8now. iiIen^flniT Down his Bides ate ravines »PPe<J .Rf^ow which appear from here but Hied with snow ^ Peking his bosom. iiicu rt _ is narrow fleecy mere — iround Beech worth on all sides are hills erdant with foliage. As a relief to their Teen hues houses peep out here and there, renerable with weather stains or radiant In jew red briclc. The upturned red and brown >artb of the old alluvial diggings lends colour Ind variety to the landscape. The tower of he Post-office is the centre of the picture. The church-like tone of its clock striking tie hour can just he heard faintly floating on the breeie. Seen from the hill the ever-changing effects of light and shadow which play upon Beechworth are most pleasing. The indolent little town never looks better than when the sun touches it with a Midas' finger, brighten ngit with golden tints. Its close vicinity' to the mountains, perhaps,. accounts for ;hc beauty of the clouds which often canopy; A painter need never return home, as1 ie do, with a fine picture minns a sky.' ~ J mivnv ) Sure here supplies ad libitum what many j SKWA '■?»1's irisr"®, >ss within the precincts of his studio. His Sh ock, if die sits but for a short time one of the moss-covered slabs of granite, Xot be barren for a sky. The facilities (sketching from nature around Beech Jrth are very numerous. It is surprising at the youag ladies of the district have not Inned an'outdoor sketching club, as an to their musical accomplishments. •« J h« «i SOry iu lucii r-r. ; saw some fine oil and crayon studies by jaw some line •'—«*. ;—f. ', iy amateur during my sojourn in Beech jrth bat they were exceptional, Other se the only art-curiosities here are some jnderfnl old prints of the Hogarthian type one of the hotels. I do not know whether e natives of Beechworth sufficiently appro ve the neighbourhood of their birth, latom may have made the picturesque pro ic to them. But to those fresh from the injing throng of Melbourne, the Auburn >e solitude in civilisation, as experienced at e One Tree Hill, gives a calm delight not on forgotten. Leaving the survey-tree, I climb up an unease boulder of granite near to the Robber's Cave." The stone is of a iarae grain, and crumbles and breaks ray in pieces as I gain the top. The ck is poised on the edge of the 11\. The slightest touch would appa ntly send it rolling to the bottom of Hie Hey. There is a steep fall below amongst oken granite and fallen timber. To the. ft is tne " Robber's Cave." It is a curious^ jtk of Nature. Two large boulders support lother, while a smaller one fills, up the ace in the front, leaving an entrance, thus rming a rude but complete cave In front, owing in a crevice out of a block of solid anhe more than 7ft high, is a stunted Bpe menof the sheoak. It is marvellous how jes live here upon this rocky ground. In aces there is but the slightest sprinkling of :i, such as you would fancy the first rain ilikwash off, leaving the rock exposed * the treesgrow, though they cannot be said Dnrish. The sight from the top of fhisboul is worth the climb. Beneath, the gaze ex ling seven miles away, are the deserted kings of the f anions Woolshed gold-field, ere die noise and life of 20,000 men once d the air a few miserable Chinamen now t It is passing Btrange how the Celestial i haunt old diggings, like carrion birds enng around their prey. The golden of former mining greatness exer s a peculiar effect upon this heathen \- They turn and re-turn, wash and rash old alluvial workings, hoping to ■;» Precioua, speck left by lucky and T? $®era. Near the huts belong, w the Chinese is the white area & bridge, spanning Reid's Creek. Upon hat on the site of the Woolshed young id. has grown to such an extent that old 'beards.eay that "Woolshed bosses" ***** ICQ SB A «.«. As the day sun shines it rises and. melts away, tit is due to the scrub on either «de of kills is evident from the fact that it Ml r observed between wood-clad gorges, ond this mist, over yonder Bteep hiU, was hut in which Aaron Sherritt was killed, isyery lcmelf spot, and "eke a one' fox ladeed. The nut has since been burnt n. In the bed of the valley Reid's Creek its and twines* in serpentine curves Hll it »t to sight in the bush, "Viewed Vthe foliage resembles some distant Bea. hthee trunks little can be semi, save, chance, the white, ghost-like skeleton of leri&at; gum which has in years back b .nuifr" Descending One Tree HiU, a little rpstic bridge, under which a os babhleB, oh to Reid's Creek below. A fiunan is here gathering and washing ®oesa, which he tells me he will sell tw inhabitants of "little Bourke* w_*t three half-pence a .bunch, " little ■nw-street" is the local name for; ^»,bn the ntto--* •• - •."fine name | rningi Swt'gi:"#*! • Wd follow A Reid's Int .„W"0W a well-beaten *M„lr tof «&Wthe; i ne&a; e-'ioSr >°ng th, iho ana 8SLH!!S« the ^E2S£ and ivbid logs all the way to the foils. At the ton of most of the granite which just shows iwrif bri the surface a small spring usually bubbles, sending dear water trickling amongst the moss which covers it There stfltetuan incautious step upon this may be guessed; I cannot say I altogether admire it As we approach the falls the path becomes steeper, and the descent more dangerous in consequence of the presence of these springs. When once down the treacherous Bides of the bank the water in Beid's Creek is seen toss ing, tumbling, and dashing over the slippery Blabs and projecting rocks which form the bed of the stream. The height of this fall is variously estimated at from 400ft to 500ft. There is not enough'water in pro gress to enable me to see the sight to its full advantage. But the body which races over these foils at the time of a flood must be immense. On either side of the bank I could see waterworn stones, which would make the stream at this place about .four, jrards wide during flood-time. This fall made the work upon the Woolshed much easier than itwouldotherwise have been. The impetus gained here is maintained far below the falls. The country around is very wild and cheerless. A few mosses and lichens trail from the rocks, and wave adieu to every passing breeze. Stunted as the trunks of the trees are, their leaves and boughs partake of the some characteristic. Yet this is a favourite resort of holiday makers and pleasure-seekers. Like the schoolboys at the blacksmith's forge, they love to see the water pitch and hurl itself with a roar down the rocks. To see the falls properly, however, one must creep to the edge of the stream, a task fraught with some j danger and considerable trouble. It reminds me of the time when, in the manner of the serpent, I looked into the gorge below Govett's Leap. As it to Bbow her bounty, Nature has placed i within 20 yards of Beid's Falls a curiosity in stone. A Frenchman named Dubions, once visiting the falls, wandered a little from the beaten path and discovered, placed npon two other large stones, a piece of granite Bbaped like a head. He named the stone "The Sphinx." It is about 8ft, in length by 4ft. in breadth. At the top of the Bphinx the granite overlaps in such a manner as to form a slight resemblance to a "granny cap." The root of the nose starts directly below the cap, and goes half-way down the face. The nose is flat, with a comical curl op at the bottom, which by imaginative people may appear to portray the nostrils One eye is an excellent imitation of the nntnrni organ, but other is not so well defined. The mouth is what is i called a "speaking feature." The lips are i parted, and between them is the semblance i of a tongue. From the lower lip, which is of a fair rosebud shape, the length of the chin almost equals that of the nose. Dubions coloured the eyes, mouth, and chin, thus add ing more humour to Nature's strange freak. All around the sphinx, written ana painted upon the granite in the real caddish Anglo Saxon style. are the names, of persons who have visited the Spot Beneath, and under the shade of the rocks, are the last evidences of many a picnicfeaat Tins which once con tained preserved meats, and bottles which once held British and Beech worth beer, are [scattered about in wild confusion. There have been few picnics here lately. It is long I since merry laughter mingled with the noise of the fails. A dog who is with us starts on [ the slope above me an affrighted rabbit, and courses it with many a bark up the hflL There are. happily, not a great number of bunnies about here. The granite formations do not favour the growth of sweet grasses or savoury herbs. Much less,.apparently, does Nature here favour the production of the grape, yet on the left Bide of Beid's Creek there ifl a vineyard where, I am told, they make good wine. Situated in the position it is, it just catches the warm rays of the morning sun, which give life and bloom to the vine. Stanley, situated on the Nine Mile Creek, county of Bogong, electorate of theOvens, is 186 miles north-east of Melbourne, and six miles from Beech worth. In the township are Episcopal, Wesleyan, Catholic^ and Pres byterian places of worship. There is a state school with an average attendance of 148. For public buildings Stanley possesses a court-house, police camp, a temperance-hall, and an Athenaeum, with a free library con taining 2,280 volumes. Situated as Stanley is, on the northern slope of the Dingle rang .and owing to. its height above the sea-lev (2,400ft), snow storms are frequent in winter, and it is colder than Beech worth, Mount Stanley (height 8,444ft), which lies about four miles south-east, is a favourite place of resort for picnic ana pleasure parties, the view from its summit being a magnificent one. . The atate forest here supplies Beech worth district with timber/ ginng employ to several saw-mills. Alluvial and quarts mining is carried on, the formation bring lower ailurian. The population of the town ship is not 800, but the district around, I am informed supports at least 1,000. Beech worth is the natural centre of Stanley and its dependencies, and two coaches run to ana,fro daily. • But they leave at unearthly and inconvenient hours, bo I drive "thither, escorted by a friend who knows'the ccmntty well/in a bnggy. belonging to my host, a descendant of. Irish kings, whom an unkindi fate has brought , down to dispensing whisky to an unappreciative pub tic, who do'not: so be complains, drink enough of it for his profit We drive across the bridge, round to the left, with lbs Bocky Mountain workings below us. the Benevolent and Lunatic asylums on the hill to the right ;Ws pass throngh 41 Little Bourke-atreet," where -the Chinese have taken unto them selves manydanghtere of th$ bind as wife or mistress. There "are several good, stores, and John at his house door;" warmly clad, seems good casa. FVomthe bridge over Spring Creek thefo is ft gradual ascent, -in some places becoming steep, sari a hard tug for our hwsA- We pre soon iplthe bush, the primeval forest is all around. The sum trees are the;same as before the faasse of .the fiat, shepherd or stockman rode over theMayday hills station.. These frees miy be in scune blwar enclosed into paddockB,bnt there are other anp moire formidable: evidences of man's jenaroach. On ©very - hand one sees ditches, and* races, -water, brought from the hills to the lower workings, or the waste from other claims above. There-.seems a plentiful supply, «t least from out ho tfoas derived on barren plains But these dwell ere onihe hills require an overflow. Tpe workings in the rinicings in die bed of the creek around-Beech worth consume bun drefls of thoujwids bf gallons. Then has pot been much rain lately, and miners tell me. that this a bad Seiison, With'running Streams, and foliage; and grass fresh and yetflank it seems, .veiy strange -to hear this potaplaint of teairt of rain. ^However, I am lucky in having shcha' fine season tor my ^ournin ihetails Wh*n Fgetr into another district Beech worto baa toy heartfelt wishes for a downpour, .y -..-r a .. sri^re^Mriiwi/'ani a XrifceTBteti _ scrvoir isformedbyagully high embankment. From thence the water is taken through iron pipes to the filter-bed at the back of the Asylum-hilL Very good water it is too, though for prudential reasons I have not imbibed much of it. One must be careful in the matter of strange drinks ! I do not know that it was a great compliment to the " father of ministries," and of a good deal of Beechworth, to name this re servoir after him. There is nothing parti cularly picturesque in it. But then, as the greatest good desired by Beechworth in the old days was a plentiful supply of water—not for internal consumption, be it clearly under stood—it was no doubt fitting that the memory i of the veteran member should be thus per petuated. Lake Jferferd is filled by numerous springs which rise on this summit and by the (Trainings from the higher land around. At present, however, the water is very low. The landing-stage, which is supposed to run from the boathouse into the lake, is high and dry. Owing to the want of rain, the Rocky Mountain and other companies have been compelled to buy water from the lake to I supplement the supply in their own races. But, lo w though it be, there is no danger ot the supply falling short There are some wild ducks in the centre of the lake, but waterfowl, so my companion tells me, are scarce around Beechworth. Hares, on the contrary, have increased considerably, andi are considered by the selectors about here to1 be a greater nuisance than the rabbits, which have been kept under. There are a number of small selections around Hurdle Flats, a little hamlet on the other side of Lake Kerferd. There are several reefing claims in the neighbourhood of Hurdle Flats, and anartz- ernshinor milln driven both by water and steam. The state schoolhoose here seems very well attended; the sight of the children trooping out with their books and bags en route to their homes, dotted about in the bash all around, pleases me greatly. In this, my present pilgrimage through Victoria, there is nothing arouses my admiration so much as these same Btate schools, and the manner in which they are attended. The boys who help their young sisters along the roads, the girls exchanging childish con fidences by the wayside, the wealthier lads who come from longer distances, and ride occasionally in a most breakneck manner, or give a mount for a time to a less fortunate schoolmate—all these, the future inheritors of the land, whose pros perity their fathers have made, I greet in a patriarchal manner which, perhaps, astonishes bat pleases them. All children like to be noticed, and I like to notice all children. I have often thought that the happiest hoar of the day to the village black smith most have been when the children coming home from school looked in upon him at his work. I am snre that he ex changed many a laugh and many a jest with them as they watched the play of his brawny arms. We take the bush road again. On every Bide one sees the remains of sluicing opera tions, some recently worked, some long since disbanded, moss and ferns covering the rocks and Btones upheaved by man—Nature again assserting her sway. The number of races which we pass show the great amount of labour expended in this district—labour which the hopeful ones in Beechworth say will yet bear its reward in the aftermath of prosperity which is at hand. This richly wooded country,1 the abundant supply of water-races. ami the workings dotted about in the bosh or on the hillside, remind me very much of the West Coast of New Zea land. Change the eucalyptus for the pine, and .throw in a little more of the tropical luxuriance of creeper and undergrowth which one sees in Maori land, and I could imagine myself near Roes, Hokitika, or Eumara. There is a rise all the way from Beechworth of more that 700ft. to the hills which sur round the little valley in which Stanley is situated. It is nestled in a hollow, through which Snake Creek runs op its way to the lower levels at Beechworth, the Wool shed, and Eldorado, becoming en route Spring Creek and Rod's Creek. In the early days this was known as Snake Valley. Under any name it is one of the most charming little townships imaginable. There are good streets in Stanley, good sidewalks, with Eng lish trees planted nere and there; there are pleasant porches to the houses, the red-brick wildings which one sees giving colour to the landscape; It is quite respectable and orderly, although there is no resident clergyman, priest and pastor coming hither from Beech worth on stated occasions. One cannot imagine that here in Stanley there were ever wild orgies and excesses in which the "Woolshed bosses" often indulged. This sedate air which fills my lungs in Stanley is caused, I presume, by its being essentially a Scotch township; people of that race ever ■take their whisky, discreetly, and, as it were, 1 under sanction of toeKirk. But in the many cabins in toe hilta round about this township, In the claims hidden in the forest, there has occurred many a romance, many a sketch might be written of picturesque incidents in the lives of comrades wno mated together first sought and fought in the straggle for gold.' The- old men, the Scotch j merchant, the brilliant chemist, the baker, the rival innkeepers, all vie with each other in telling mis tales of byegone times, and .they also beg me to tarry amongst them | for some days and bear record to their pre-; sent prosperity. i For the bottom is noil yet out of things in Stanley and the neighbourhood, although it has suffered very severely from the failure of the Oriental Bank. It is only around Beech worth that one eanj fully recognise toe disaster caused bysucl an event The trades people here who had made their modest piiea," someof rather goodly dimensions, are, ' at least straightened. now.ilnote For a mining coismun] many large companies, and own claims often ty where there are not bat men who take up work toe same them Sould othervrise have ie same. I undent Ovens Valley as far name of Oriental to helves, there has beendmore general loos tow been toe esse. It is and, all down the is Hatrietville. The kocuned in this dis trict. Here in Stanly they mark a cross In the road ag&instthe; a< >r, and spit on it in tontenmt abd deiiata 1. Really it to very hard to lose one's San ngs in this way. I was onoe a very 001 riderable sufferer In like -maimer myeelf,' i id I fully sympathise with the young ndnersjoutpourings of wrath it the fact of their gold deposited hi toe bank being tpken put of |± 1 district without any Compensation being 1 ade to toem, whilst are called upon a abilities they may nan incurred. " It's a .« .MM il.. law-abiding community innkeeper to me, whq district; "butfortbati says toe one-legged to a celebrity in toe the gold would never! have beenalldvred toleLve here." "If it had been in California,1 would have burst opes their own." I quite a that if wuch a calomit toe outlying mining amps on the Pacific Slope toe free and would rnoet probably hire resented the out rage br aa aptieal td Fudge Lynch and a general-attempted sack got tocbanka. But I'have sufficient faitolra the 'cuteneas of pay up at once any 1 toys another, " they jJ the doors and taken dree with my friend " had taken place in ^dependent eitisens Californian bank managers and cashiers to be sure that every punce of gold would be] safely stored in the Btrong-rooms in San Fran cisco before thefailureof tne institutionwasal-, lowed to become known. The indignant popu- ] lace might certainly avenge this premeditated I slight upon their honour by hanging the local cashiers, for which proceeding they would have many apologists. That in the Ovens district the working miners have endured their recent losses in the calm, manner they have done is a fact which entitles them to high respect. They have suffered, and are strong under their sufferings. Not that here there has been anything like the distress caused in England by the failure of the Glasgow Bank. It is a sign of the prosperity of the Ovens district when the inhabitants generally can stand such a blow. "Putnot'your trust in bankers,"says my Presbyterian friend, and I quite agree with him. "But we are not killed yet, he con tinues. They are a long way, indeed, from the bottom at Stanley by the reports given to me. Up on the hill- side they show me the locale of the "Young Victoria claim, where four young natives have just "struck it rich." They have, on dit, 70ft. down, got to the reef, the real matrix of the alluvial gold found about here. They have got 6oz. to lOoz. to the dish: every handful of dirt is precious. So night and day the claim is guarded by the miners with rifles and revolvers, and visitors are not encouraged, for fear they should take away any of tne auriferous soil in their finger nails. The father of one of the young men, a native of Switzerland, shows me some wonderfully rich specimens of quartz, and asserts that the boys mean to work it all thpmselvpa. Thpv will allow-no other finger in the golden pie. i This recent slice of lade which has fallen on a few has revived the hopes of all the miners j around Stanley. " Why cannot others be as successful!" I am asked. I give it up. This is only another instance of the lottery of gold-seeking. These youths have wealth thrust upon them in a manner as unlooked for as if gold had rained down from heaven. No ; I am wrong. Every miner looks for ward to some day striking such a patch. In that is the fascination of their calling. The traditions of the early days of the WoolBhed are still in high repute, and charm the minds of unlucky ones on the Ovens. They know that only one man in a thousand—aye. in ten thousand—has such a chance; but why may notany individual be that one? I give it up again. The race of life is to the swift; the battle of existence is to the strong; but wealth is not always to the worthiest. For myself, if I invest in a mine it is bound to burst up; and if my principles would allow me to bet on a steeplechase, I should not do so. as I feel sore any horse I backed would fall and kill its rider, and I should be the accessory to manslaughter. But I do not attempt to check the roseate tinge of our conversation. There is no reason why Stanley and Beech worth district generally should not be more prosperous; and so, whilst the juice of the barley flows in our glasses, I drink with my entertainers to pre sent prosperity and a wealthy future. Some Bix miles from the townsmp one arrives at the summit of Mount Stanley. It is possible to drive or ride to the top, but fine weather and an experienced companion are necessary. I cannot, unfortunately, for want of these, make the ascent From the top of this mountain there is a magnificent view of the whole country around Beech worth, of the Alps, the Dividing and Strath bogie Pangea, the plains of the Ovens and King Valleys, and far northward to Snowy Creek and the Mitta-Mitta. The ascent of Mount Stanley is one which everyone visiting the district should undertake when possible. I am also nnable to visit the mining township of Hillsborough, six miles further on, where from the gap in the ranges one obtains, I am told, most picturesque views of the lower country. Near Hills borough there are many quartz claims, one noted reef, "The Homeward Bound," having a tramway a mile long to convey the stone to the mill at Sutton, a hamlet situated at the foot of the Dingle Range. Trips to these places will naturally be taken by any one visiting Beech worth during holiday time, for in these hills they will get exercise and health, and find "mens saw in carport wnc." 