THE HOME RULER'S TRIUMPH- By Peutbtrb. [Lnther'esecond day before the Diet—The question again—Luther's splendid speech —The Attorney- General Again—Luther s defies the Attorney-General and all his works, Emperor inclnded—The mountain and the moose—The trial a sham—Lather ruthlessly seized and carried off by brigands in the forest.] Shobt as Luther's speech was in 'reply to the two questions of the Imperial Orator, Yon Eck, it is long enough to remind yon, 0 esteemed reader, of Oliver Cromwell's style when he had a perplexity to deal with, or a manoeuvre to perform. Luther's reply was involved, evasive, parenthetically disjointed, canting, and hypocritically insolent. Yon will note how he tells the Emperor, by implication, that instead of calling him (o account for his published opinions and scriptual interpretations, his Majesty ought to be sitting at his (Luther's) feet and learn' ing the newest heresy inspired by Apollyon. " I have expounded the Word of God," says Luther, "that Word which toe all, as we are, should adore." As we are! That is, the Emperor on his throne as much as I, the prisoner before him. Luther's reply to the two questions of the Emperor's Attorney' General was a covert declaration that all he had written was a true explanation of Scrip ture, and therefore as true as Scripture itself. And this has been always the language of heretios and all Sect raisers. Their words, that is, the words with and by which they explain the Holy Scriptures, are of as much authority and therefore as divine as the inspired Words of the Goepel. Cranmer's words were the Word of God. Calvin's words were the Word of God. Carlostarit andZwingli's words were the Word of God. John Wesley's word was the Word of God. Manser, the Anabaptist's, word was the Word of God. Penn and Barclay's words, as Quakers, were the Word of God. Each one of these flatly contradiots the other, and then what becomes of the Word of God? The whole proceeding was to a certain extent a sham, and Luther thoroughly understood this, and conducted himself accordingly. He had the whole Ghibeline party at ws back, and he was playing their game. On tearing the Hall where the Diet had assembled, Luther proceeded to his lodgings, next the Swan Hotel, and'in the course of the erening was visited by many influential members of the Council »nd by other powerful Supporters, by all [of whom he was urged to maintain baldly the cause of Germany against Italianjdomination. Home Bule for Germany, and no foreign despots, Was the motto of the Guibelines. To this Luther tacked the cry cr no Popery, and in this double policy of "io foreign despots," $nd "no Popery," we lave the key of the Lutheran revolt. It ^s a purely radical movement—1st, against {ill monarchy; 2nd, against all revealed dogna, Such it was. $uoh it is. CoMMUNpii pure and simple in it| vital principles. It was a protest againBtWl kingly government and its corollary, Gereditary rank ; and although strenuous® resisted by the ruling and aristooratio rails, it never oeased to war against royalty .an revealed truth, until, in .the French Bevqition of 90 years ago, it abolished the; Ceholio religion in France, shut ap the Cathfic churches, murdered such of the royal kmily as could not esoape out of. Fiand cancelled and proscribed all hereditary ttlea and ranks, ^nd so asserted the radioal ggma of Equam' that ' it would not : low the use either of "Mr." or "Mi" but placed all on the same social lfel as Ciloyen and Citoyenne—" citizen" ad" citizenhess." This incalculably great hlessilwas the direct, immediate, and natural fit of Martin Liiither's heresy and rebellh against the Church of God on earth, ui*d under one visible head in one Christialbody, ty orie baptism, holding one faith, ^ worshipping one and the same Lord and £ and the same form <of won visible botiy presented -itself the one visible eity-of xefuga, prayer for all. nations. From "eddy JJartin'Luther, by his 'fteaipMetk, preachings, eesaysEd example] -incited many-members 'loWftljaw'.snd set up sects, sub-divisions, doctAl factiotiS, Sriiich doctrines f the body from which they jl separated themselves, anil, instead Of drerting the nations, they squabble with M revile and ridicule and contradict one ,nber; and •when they turn to the heathjthey offer them twenty irreconcilable Christianity. Such is the bLBsse^ bfct of Mr. &artin; L.'s blessing conveyed/fcugh Germany to the whole, unblest wolj Amen. On April 18 Luther was again ducted -by the Earl Marshal to the 0l;il .Halt jSveryopenspot, pvery- windowfeiy doorstep, every [garden ; rpil, ejerj hi top was i occupied by thousands of : perscie^er to,' jue *he State prisoner <or bero :wltd4epfc I Ifj^JH^rfffiipM -:mWi' his cwistej-dfty •Bya ;^wiagftin for aA>oond jay. tords of «jnsola*ian apd^juppatby igweted | m bp o passed along. *' Give it to them, Father Martin!" "No foreign despots, doctor!" "No taxes but by Home Bule!" were the cries which the monk of Wittenberg heard on all sides. It waB 4 p.m. when he entered the lobby of the Hall. The Diet were engaged in a jrarm discussion. For more than an hour Lutber and bis counsel were kept waiting among officers and counts and wealthy burghers. At length the debate ceases. The door is opened, and Luther advanced to the same Beat he had occupied on the previous day. As soon as silence was resorted, Dr. Yon Eck, the Emperor's Orator, arose and said, " Martin Luther, yesterday you admitted, in reply to questions put to you, that you were the author of certain publications, the nameB of which were read to you. You were further asked if you wished to retract these writings or any portion of them. This was a question put to you yesterday which you declined to answer, under the pretence that it was a question of Faith, and that you required time to reflect, although such a theologian as you must be fully aware that a Christian man is always ready to answer for his faith. Explain yourself then. Do you wish to defend all your writings, or do you wish to retract any of them?" Lutuer's Beblt. He rose, and every breath seemed held to hear the daring Home Buler's reply. Emboldened, no doubt, by the assurances of his visitors on the previous evening, and by intimations conveyed to him from the Elector Frederio, Luther's manner was more assured, and bis tone more bold as he commenced :— " Most Serene Emperor, Illustrious Princes most noble Lords—I stand • before you, at the time appointed by your Majesty and your Highnesses, beseeching you to hear me, as hope, with justice and kindness; and, if in my replies I forget to give you the titles due to you, or if I offend against the oeremonial of courts, forgive me, for I have not been brought up in palaces. I am a poor monk, the child of my cloister; and I assure you that I have never preached or written any thing except in the simplicity of my heart and for the glory of God and the honour of the gospel. Most Serene Emperor, Illustrious Princes, to the two questions put to me yes terday, if I acknowledged the writings pub lisbed in my name, and if I persii defending them, I say that I do persist, and that I shall persist in this reply to the hour, of my death. Yes, they are my books. The books I have published I acknowledge, and shall ever acknowledge them as mine, pro vided that malice, trickery, or unreasonable prudenoe do not effect any alterations in them. I acknowledge what iny own hand has written." [He means that he would not acknowledge anything which his enemies or misjudging friends might alter in his books], " Before replying to the secprid question, I entreat your Serene Majesty and you, Illustrious Orders of the empire, to consider that my books do not all treat of the same matters. Some are didactic, and intended for the edification of the faithful,, and for the advancement and improvement of morals." [For example, that adultery, if committed in faith, is not a sin], " When the Pope's bull was issued, these were not in' the ^lightest degree condemned; and if I were to disown these, what should I be doing $ I should be Betting myself up against the universal voice of the faithful! Then there 4s another sort of writings, in which I attack the Papacy and the opinions of the Papists as monstrosities, and the damnation of body and eoul. Ah ! I can't deny it, and no one oan, any more than I, so loudly do the voice and testimony of conscience speak. The decrees of the Popes have thrown disorder, into Christianity, tortured the faith of the faithful, and devoured .as a prey this noble Germany, which hath never ceased to protest against doctrines so oontrary to the gospel and to the judgment of the Fathers." [The shades of night had by this time b'eoome so dark that a pause took place while torches were lighted and brought in, the red glare of which' threw the assembly into weird and highly picturesque lights and forms; and the melange of crimson, scarlet, light blue, yellow, and violet coloured onstumes, arid ermined mantles, with polished steel cuirasses, gold embroidered belts, and plumeB, presented a Senate Houbb scene which Rembrandt or Salvator might have chosen- - to paint. When the torched were arranged, Luther proceeded.] "If I were to deny . these Writings "(against the papacy) I should lend fresh tyranny to: Rome. Then there is a third sort -of books published |r my name against my'pa'pi^t adversaries who supported the tyranny of Ronje'. 1 will readily, admit that there is language in these more violent than becomfeB a man of my Calling to use. I do not dei the too rnnoh heat Of some of these ; hut. oahjrioli bimsent to rttriaot fchatl haVe'-saU defence ofOhrist'Babctrines; for;'if 5 J BoinewrotfldertendherMngdoii^nabppiSss 'soiils. Being a nain, and not GbdjTsctA&dti; •prbteot ttiy fcooks with a patronage istrofeger; than Christ protected Tiis dootrinea. ? When! 'Christmas interrogated before Oaiphas aiadi Stnrfk by a ®ervaut on the face, If iaifti He, ' Speak the truth, bear witness to it? The Scriptures show that oar Lord >did-nbt; repel or vpfose the testimony of the vilest lipe,' when they gave evidence to His divinfe. Word. Ought not l then, who Mnbut! ths seum of the earth and &ble; only to an,' to submit to an examination! of my dootrinBs. In the name, then', of thej living God, I entreat your Serena Majest&f; aodyvui lllustriotis Orders of the empire,: andj very human b&ng;, to come and accuse mettf t j ut -of , the J BibleiifcritliKthe p^h^^dte assured, that I have well weighed the danger^ the troubles, the afflictions, the dissensions, the animosities my doctrine .will bring to the world. I am delighted to see that the Word of God" [Martin's word] "is about to produce discords and dissensions. It is the portion arid the destiny of the divine word, for the Lord has said, 'I am not come to send peace, but a sword.' Do not forget that God is wonderful and terrible in His cji.iicils. Terrible, if you disdain them, and wonderful to produce a deluge of evils on this kingdom and on this noble youth" [pointing to the Emperor], " on whom, next after God, our hopes rest. ' Not that I seek here to give counsel to your noble and princely minds; but I owe this much to my mach-loved native German land, and conolude by commending myself to your Serene Majesty, and to you,(Illustrious Orders of the empire, humbly imploring you not to let my adversaries make me an object of hatred here. I have done." Thb Atioenet- GbnebaIi Defied. Such was Luther's answer before the Diet at Worms; and if - it seems satisfactory to you, O esteemed reader, of course your satisfaction is no business of mine- It didn't seem very satis factory to Dr. Von Eck, the Attorney. General, or, as he was called, The Imperial Orator. Attorneys?Geueral are Bometimes very hard to Batisfy, as you, O esteemed, may unsatisfactorily find out some day, if you should oome before one of them as a suspected Land Leaguer, Home Ruler, etc., etc., etc. Luther's answer was, in fact, a paroel of irrelevant ranting, and, if it was the best answer Luther had to give to the , question proposed, yon may gather from it how' little reason, logio, and rbetorio wete needed to start so big a " reformation' that which bears the name of Luther. You will mark how he oompares himself to Christ, and his "doctrine" to the dootrine of Christ. In writing to Spalatin, the monk informed his friend that he was specially assisted by the Holy Ghost in what he , spoke before . the Council, . and there- is, to my mind, quite enough in Luther's speech to justify the suspioion that it was the utterance of a man with a craze. It may, no doubt, be the effusion of ounntng semi-maniac; but there is the speech, and everyqiie may judge of it for themselves. As soon as Lutheir had toneluded, the Imperial orator rose and said :— " Martin Luther, you have not answered the "question pat to you yesterday by oommatad of hie Sacred Majesty, and I now demand from you a simple categoric answer. Do you or do you not retraot anything in the writings you have published?" Luther rose and said:—Sinoe your Majesty and your Highnesses expect a simple answer! I will give it., It shall neither be involved nor polished, and it is this Unless .1 am convinced by the testimony of Soripture, or by evident retupn' [thus, after all, putting human reason on a par with God's Word], for I do not believe in the sole authority of the Popes or General Councils, which have so often erred and contradicted themselves; and I acknowledge •no master but the Bible—the Word of God. Suoh is my profession, of faith, which I neitheroan nor will retraot. Expeot nothing else from me. God help me—Amen!" Thb Dbcksioh. Dr. Von Eok then conferred for moment with the Emperor, after whioh the Council or Orders of the empire retired to the Chamber of Consultation, and, after half an hour's disoussion, returned to the Hall. When all had resumed their seats, Dr. Von Eck said Martin Luther, you have not answered the question, •and you have spoken in a manner very unbecoming a man in your position, a monk. CarUiBly, as you say, you have written aonM things, which are without blame ;' but -you (have also revived opinions condemned by tbe Counoilof Constanoe, and you demand .to bo convinced by proofs from Soripture. But if every person disputed points settled for so many centuries by .Counoils of the Churoh there would be no more dootrine or fixed standard of faith; there would be nothing certain, nothing .necessary to be believed on pain of God's displeasure and eternal condensation. You, who reject the Council of Constanoe to-day, would reject all Councils to-mottow, and upon no better authority than your own opinion or word, and balieva' «iiything or nothing as you j>l$asod, and. thus, .bring in confusion and £ - ! jselio«d. l^erdfoTA .Majesty demands steplitaiid preqiM^iver|o $he question, . io jou defend as ortjitifox all the jiootrines in'^p'^booj^' Itere!' 1 ... • Lsersw & aw Gown. The monk replied ^' I .hav«( already fifpi 'ft-'^atB^orical answer, and " unless il _ m eo&mifed; t>y"&ftlptuw;) I will not withiiWaa havsi spoken- and written >a<s<toBiing to the : intpiraii Word, ttpA I swill wot disowff anything, v Oouncils have ^ontBtdfcted tKeniselVBB.V •: . • ' iJm:, r ' " Ton can never prove by Scripture that they hava done so. • •(•, . , ' "LUTHBit. I 1 r 'I pnirbib out of ih^ jfoly inspired boolcs." . Here, the members of the Diet."Began to show signs of impatienoe. They' had- haS a long sitting. ^Luther's apesoh ocoupie^. t^o houra, m it was spoken in two laUgfuagefr—ifet, -iii' Gerniin, and then, 2nd, &a; Laliin. ^The Smperor did not speak the (German 1 ;well* 'aftd IjHth^r*; th*re - -forej ~ .laWn,. /QbarlB9{...,'Mi ; Luther was invited to a oonferenoe with the Arobbishop of Treves, a prelate of great ability, and sincerely desirous of the peace of the Church. To this conference accompanied by a dinner at the Arohbishop's house—many of Luther's supporters ware also invited, along with leading men on tha Italian side. It was a perfectly friendly meeting. There was no display of official authority. The Archbishop was a theologian of superior attainments, and pressed Lutker olosely on the point of his threatened appeal to a General Council. " Your proposal of doing so," said the Archbishop, " prorefc that you are not certain of your present opinion* as put forth in your writings." Luther made no reply to this remark, but would refer to the Soripturei, and then added—as he had said before the Diet—"to clear reasonl" " In that case," said the Arohbishop, "yon make reason equal to Scripture, or above Scripture," at whioh home thrust Luther remained silent. A large party of friends on both sides was present, and everything passed off amioably ; but Luther fanatically olung to "Soriptnre," although even then oontradiotory explanations of Scripture were heard in the Lutheran camp. At dinner Luther poured some cold water from a jug into his glass. As he did so the glass split and fell in pieoes. Out of this trifling incident Luther's no- popery friends manipulated a miraculous intervention of Providence. The Arohbishop invited Luther to dinner to poison him. The poison was in the water jug. As Luther was about to lift the poisoned water to his lips God caused the glass to split. Saved Luther by a miraole. The Emperor's decision on tip sham trial was sent in the form of A REBOBIPT to the Diet, and the Diet left the document in tbe Arohbishop's. hands to eommunioate to the troublesome monk. The Emperor forbade Luther to preach or publish any writings until further orders, and directed all Luther's works to be delivered up to the civil' magistrates. Luther's safe etmiiuet was also renewed by the Emperor, and he was ordered to return to Wittenberg. He left Worms on April 26, 1521, after a stay of 10 days, in the same ohariot in whioh ha had oome along with Sohurf, Amsdorf, and two other friends. On the 2nd day after leaving WormB Luther preaohed at Oppenheim, in soornful disregard of the Emperor's prohibition; and who had the viotory in the fight thinkest thou, O esteemed reader? Oh the following day, however, as the party entered the Thuringer Forest two stalwart brigandB, in full armour, and with drawn swords, galloped up to the heads of Luther's ohariot horses, seiced the Kins, and ordered the whole party to " bail up." The robbers' viBors were downthey were gallantly mounted. As sbob as the brigands seized the ohariot reins Sohurf and Amsdorf, in terror, jumped out and ran for their lives, and were soon lost in the trees; while Luther and John Pezenee were led off in another direction to he plundered and murdered. January 1, 1884. 