consecration of el shoe moore : By Electric Tkleorapii. pro 11 our own, reporter, BALLAUAT, Sunday. Iho consecration of Monsignor Aloore as Bishop of Ballurat was solemnised this morn ing in St. Patrick's Cathedral. Long before; ten o'clock, the hour nppoiuted for the com mencement of the solemnities, the church was filled to repletion, and late comers had to content themselves with standing room in the aisles, which by ten o'clock were filled. Tin congregation comprised members of various denominations, as welt "as visitors from ail parts of the country, who were attracted by the impressive audsqmowhatunnsual character of the ceremony. Bishop Moore, who has ministered in the district surrounding Bal larat for many years, is tlio first bishop who lias been consecrated in Victoria! Tire cere monies, which were of a most imposing and solemn character, were commenced by a pro cession of acpiytcs, who marched down the central aisle, each holding a censer in his hand. The ceruuieny was performed by Arcn- bishop Gould, of Alelbourne, who was assisted by several leading members of the clergy. Ju addition to tne clerical members a large nnmoer of laymen were pre sent, iucluding Messrs. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C.; J. G. Duffy,. M.L.A.; Judge Treueii, Mr. W. II. Archer, the muyor.und ex-mayor of the city, too oity councillors and represen tatives ot tlio town council. Tile church was tastefully decorated with floral aud other adornments. The railing of tho chuucol bore the inscription Deo irratius, worked in ivy leaves, aim the back wall of the chancel was similarly ornamented. Tlio musical portion of the ceremony was carried out in a most c.editablu maimer, tho solos uud trios being rendered with excellent taste and loeliug. 'l'lie ceremony, which was otherwise impres sive, was rubbed of much ot its effect by the fact that the servico was conducted strictly in Latin, and in such low tones that even hud it ill Klioliilll fs.11/ nt 4I..V " — o ' "j " " vi kud tvuuicl.vu would have had tho slightest idea of what was going on. High Mass having been celebrated, tire bishop elect was Jed to the . uliar, uud after being spriukled with holy water, the ceremony was laying bauds upon him was performed by Archbishup Goold. After lie was fully ad mitted to tbe sacred office Bishop Aloore went down the central aisle of the church bestowing his blessing upon tho congregation as lie passed. Ho was preceded by Dr. Coi bett, and accompanied by the Bishops of Adelaide and Hobart. Amongst the members of the clergy present Were Archbishup Goold, Melbourne ; Dr. Murray, Alaitlund j Dr. 'i'o.reqioiii, Armidaie; Dr. Murphy, Hobart ; Dr. "j.anigaii, Gotil- burii, Now south Wales; Dr. Reynolds, Ade- laale ; the Revs. Fathers Hogan, Inglewood ; Herbert, Murllake; U'Donogliuo, Portland j Marshall, Custertonj O'Haru, Pottavol ; O'F'arrell, Horsham ; II, Meade, Ararat ; Seaman, tit. Aruaud J Ca her, Maryborough - Dr. Davy, Rev. A. Sturgo, S-.1-; Dr. Dunne, chaplain to Dr. Luuigau j F'ather Sullivan, chaplain to IJr. Reynolds ; Dean Beechnor, chaplain to Dr. Murphy : aud Dr. Corbett. St. Kilda. Tiie Rev. T. Caliill, S. J., preached a sermon from John, tenth chapter 11 til verso : "I aiu the Good Shepherd ; tho Good Shepherd giveth liis life for tue sheep." He referred to the fitness and beauty of tile figure of tbo Good Shepherd as impersonated by Christ, and showed the ucces.-ity for uuceusiug watchful, ntss uud teuder solicitude. There were times iu life wlieii the image presented itself to the eye of the believer, who could see the glauce oi God's watchful eye, and count too throbljiugs of a sacred heart, and this was such an occa sion. Did not bis hearers believe aud feel that Jesus Christ was there, aud did it not, seem to them that they heard the sound of the words uttered eighteen centuries ago iu Gallilee, " Therelore teach all the world, and behold 1 nm with you even to tbe consummation of the world," or that well known sentence utleied by the Redeemer, " On this rock I will build my church, and tne gates of hell shall not pre vail against it.'" He who spoke tlieso words was tiie real author aud the invisible worker of that solemn ceremony whicli bad just been witnessed. The archbishup and several bishops of tho Roman Callioiio Cuureh had imposed bauds ou a priest who kneeled before them, and said, iu the words of St. Paul, " Receive tlieu the Holy Ghost." What that solemn act and that solemn invocation intended was in truth effected. The Holy Ghost did come down, enter into the soul, and place upon it the indelible mark, which originally Jesus Christ placed upon tho souls of the Apostles. Upou the rising of him who knelt, those who had imposed hands upon him welcomed him iu tlio name of tlio Catholic epis copate, of which body lie was from tnut hour a member. The imnosiiien of hands took place in the name of Jesus Christ, acting through His vicar, the successor of St. Peter, tho Sovereign Pontiff Pope Leo Mill. Jesus Christ liad placed over the people a man after His own heart, huriiiuc with zeal for his Master's work and the salvo! tiou of souls. Tho Catholics of Ballarat, who had kuown Bishop Moore for so many years would rejoice that lie was thenceforth to lie their chief pastor. His past life and works were a sufficient testimony that ho would worthily represent Jesus Christ, and be iu the true sense of tiie term a good shepherd. That day Bishop Moore had dodioated his life to his people, for by his connection lie was wedded to the Ballarat church by au indissolubio bond, and he wus prepared, if necessary, to give his life for his people in tho literal mean ing of the words of Jesus Christ, "The good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep." He wouid not speak at greater lenuth upon the qualities of tho bishop, but would ask tho con- gregatiou to turn their attention to that Veuurable body wbo governed the Roman Catholic Church— the most venerabiethat ever existed on the earth— aud the knowled-'e of the position of the Catholic Church, its privileges, and its duties, must necessarily fill the minds of tho people with deepest venera tion for those who had this episcopal charac ter cast upon them, The Catholic episcopate was of Divine origin, wliioh was its first title to veneration ; nnd, secondly, it was appointed to guard tlio deposit of faith received from Christ, and to maintain that unity of faith which was tiie glorious privilege of the Catholic Church. Iu the third place, the Catholic episcopate was worthy of veneration on account of the testimony which all a-'cs had given in its favor. Tho Catholic cDisco- pate had throughout all ages promoted" true progress aud civilisation, and the members of I it had shed lustre ou their order, and had i glorified God and His church by learning, by : sanctity aud by suffering. Tiie episcopate : never died ; it was unlimited, both as to time ; nud place, and the formation of the Catholic church aud her constitution was the result of the direct action of God. The Redeemer said to the first Bishop, " Ab My Father h„tli e,.nt Me, I also send you," aud it foliowed uoin this pasjsge aud otiicrs of similar import that the episcopal order was one of divine origin. 'Die deposit of faith included all truths re vealed in Holy ticripture and tradition, and the bishops were the guardians of tln-ae truths. The decisions of such a body as the (Kcumenical Council were free from tbe possibility of error, because tho Holy ' in that council, - and tho suck a body were to be rx coming from God Himself. AU histe true sense gave its testimony in favoi Episcopate — that was history which wi result of the profound study of learned . who devoted themselves to the discovery truth. In past ages, which were in a cvrtal, sense ages of blood, warfare was almost then the normal state, hut it camo to pass that kings, princes, nobles and kuights on certain days put aside their swords and helmets, and enjoyed. a truce — the truce of God, This cessation from hostilities was due to the actffon of the Catholic episcopate, and they could attribute to the same agency the mercy which was found in warfare in our own days, when it was not characterised by tho savage ferocity of the middle ages. Tiie episcopate had received glory — lasting and eternal glory — from holy and learned men who vuiuieu vo me uruer; auu li u'.cy turned tiieir minds to ecclesiastical history they would Uud that'thesc great men, who vvero styled doctors of tho church, belonged almost entirclv to tho order. These men were raised up "by Che Holv Ghost to be tlio guardians of their holy conditions, siugled out from the number of bishops on nccount of tiieir learning, prepared by the Holy Ghost to bo witnesses; and their witnesses of tlio present day were the works they had left behind them. Others of tho episcopate order had sanctified the church by their sufferings, and Ihu number of these martyrs was so great that, liko tile stars in the firmnmeut,ono could not be distinguished irom another. The preacher, iu conclusion, turning to Bishop Moore, said " Mt Lord, in the name of your people I congratulate you on this aus picious day. When you look around you on your people, your clergy, the Sisters of Mercy, tho Christian Brothers, tbo masters aud mis tresses of schools throughout your diocese; ivhcu you see the young grow up in piety, \Xlien you see tho old prepnrcd for death, you liaVo reason to thank God for being elected to look after tho lives and souls of yout people. You have a people, worthy of love, strong in-.tlio faith, who will obey you, and be subject to'you in Christ, knowing that you . have to render to God au account of their souls. You liave ren-on to Mess God for the work He lias giveu to you, and throughout your life you will find consolation, praise and joy , in performing that work. When St. Absolom oml Thomas A'Beekctt ascended tne throne of : Canterbury, we may be assured that the spirit | of tho firpt archbishop, St. Augustine, wns j there, nnd looked with complacency on their I promo t ion; and even so we may believe that the first Bishop of Ballarat is here in soirit to. day, aud that upon tho throne to" which God has raised him for his zeal and good works in this world his heart is filled with satisfaction, aud that lie looks forward to the day when lie may meet his successor in that blessed kingdom. May that delay be long delayed ; may you bo long kept here, to labor for the people of Ballarat. Merit that crown of glory which Jesus Christ, the just judge, lias laid by as .veil for the fuilhful people as for tlio faithful pastor." The ceremony then concluded. 