Neverthcelss, e, henpproacL~adthem, he wee whistling aloud to keep 11s courage i;p ned great wes his s¶1rpr ie to see Olera iesuu freem the ill reputed precmlc's of the park itseif. The boy k-e'ew Olare, as hiis lu:hcr was an intimete friesd of Dawgp Alwow!rt 'Lort preserve us, mis,5 pones and pstai exe'aimed tho Welsh boy ; 'a prmve woman you must p-, to co into the park at Etmwoot py night. Hlav3, ot seen the chost of the Laty Ahino ? You look as fits aso ch:st your Ghosts, you foolish boy !' nsweered Clara, a who had no mind to be made a voucher for tho authenticityv of the reports of the hituntino of the manor lioese. 'I was startld by i hearing the clock strike ten, not thinking it was so late, and I have run myself out of breath. Give me your arm, Davy. I am afraid Dame HIIwltt will wonder what has become of me ;"I must got home as fast as I can.' ' With all my heart !' answered the boy. 'Put you treomples Ihke a leaf upotn a pougb. Ton't po afeart. miss, now, to say you have se:n the chost. Pleased pe Heaven, you have cot safe away from it. Just take coot advice, t miss, and ton't co into the park after sunset no more.' " Do not be alarmed for me, Davy,' answered Clat a; ' ghostswould not harm living fle:h and blood.' David, however, was not to be persuaded of this. ite had evidently also made up his mind that Clara had seen the ghost, in spite of her denial, and, after leaving her at ths cottage of Dame ltewlett's had seen the ghost of the Lady Alice. As to Clara, during her walk home, she had recovered somewhat from the perturb ation of her spirits. She.reflected that the hand which had so startled her by his touch was not a shadow but a substance. She did not now doubt that various of the peasants had actually seen that figure ar. rayed in the style of the portrait of the Lady Alice. B:et she did not suppose it was aghost. She remembered how tthe people of the neighbourhood were possessed of the know ledge of some more recent tragedy of ilmn wood than that of the unfortunate Jacobite. Sir Richard, and his infamous wife. Their was some jugglery, some mystery of crime connected with the appearance of the reputed ghost sho felt satisfied. That crimes of the most atrocious charac. ter might be sometimes enacted under the domestic roof-tree, and the perpetrators es clpo ' unwhipt of justice,' she had had fatal exieriente in the revelation made by An drew Mayfield in his dream-haunted sleep. In hte hurried Ilight frotm the orangery she hart left her drawing materials. She resolved to return for them on the fol lowing torn. With old Maorris, the only ostensible in habitant of the Manor House, Clara had but or.ca spoken, when she met him in the garden, banding under a load of dry vine sticks, which he had been been cutting, as he said, for fuel. The asptct and domcarour of this man had awakened in Clara emotions both of pity and surprise. lie had esvdently been in his youth a man of lofty stature and muscular frame. Now hte was- bent wrelNnigk double, and wasted so that hlis bones seeued but covered with the swrin:led, p rehinent skin. leThe few thinlocks of hair that hung about is temps,:e w;res as white as snow. h]O Ia:-n.'s foatures iore co.hlnopl.acee and in l.is ca:try eye:r his c.uet,:nan.e had prob ably bee in no way remarkltble. Sow the filxed expression was one of terror and 1apprehension. Is see;ned as if at some period of his life he had tnceunter ed some territie fright which had confuaed lhi faculties, so that ever since he hid lived under a psrp-tual scare. How or why was it, Clare row asked hoer, self, that this poor old man also shook as if with an ague at the souned of her gentle vice, and gazed at her with those wild, affrighted eyes. Iow was it that lhe was apparently the only tenant of Elmwood. lRevolving the etory of the hauntings, and remoemnberion the apperance in thie arangery, ClIra fclt satisnesd thast MIorria was not thes only resident at the McImnor Haouse. Ihough feeling considerable anxiety as to lthe female she had seen, Clara bad no desire to penetrate into any dark mystery connect ted with her seclusion at Elm?wood. Tihe secret was doubtless one of misfortunt, and, too probably, also of cri:re. The morning, after Clara's nocturnal ad venture was . line one, and favoulrable to her purpose of visiting Elmwood. In the park and the ceglected gardens all things were in their normal state. In the or:ngery Clarat's pencils and draw 'ing materials lay untouceld where, in her terror, she had scattered them on the pre ceding night. As she looked round in the bright morning, with the yellow sunbeams danciog where the pale spectral moonbeauls had shone upon the ghostly figure, and the merry buzz of the summer ilsects on the car, she was almost tempted to think that she must have fallen asletep over her drawing, and dreamed all about the apparition. Canvassing in her mind whether thli had not probably been, Clara was collecting her drawings and placing them in her portfolio, when a hsnd was suddenly laid on her shoulder. With a cry of dismay, she looked up. Bending over her was a tall female,lwhose burnintg cyes were fixed upon her face with a look of mingled anxiety and wonder. It was that same weird, wicked, worn, and yet beautiful face which she had seen in the orangery the night before. The woman had, however, changed her garb. In lieu of the glistening garb of azure and silver, she now wore a long loose grey robe, more like the habit of a nuthan any secular dreas. Haggard and drawn as the-face was with its wrinkles and its parchment skin, it seemed to Clara as though it was in some unaccount. able manner famniliar to her. There was no question of the supernatural norw. Thle hand that grasped Clara by tile shoulder was cold, dry, and hard, but un questionably that of a living woman. ' Who are you--whol are yod ? Tell me your nanme' girl-your name ?' qucstioted the wosman, in a hollow voice. ' iA perscuted and unhalppy creature,' an sweaed Clara, 'l who knows not tbe name she may hionourably clhim as hers. B:t lwho fre you,and lwhat is your naou,who ask me such quiestions ?' ' Who a0's I ?' exclained the stranger, pelting hier hand to her forehead as ifltrying to eollect liher thoughlts, iShould you .not know whlo I am ? You withll the duplicate of a face who loolked out at me from thle flatter. ing mirror long ago. SOh, my Ihdy, my lady ! . WVhat are you thlinking of ? XVhatare you say ng ? What would you do ?' interrupted a thin, querulous voice, and old Morris appeared, scuttling along the orangery as fast as his enfeebled limbs would permit. S' Stand aside, oldI man l' said the stranger, imperiously, as MIorris placed himoself be. tween hiernd da door whlich Clara now saw standing open, and which separated the orangery from a longarched passage. ' Stand aside ! WVas I iot told by those who read Iny terrible destiny it the stars long ago thlat when my hair was white and I looklted upon a .ee which was as sthe face of my.own youthl, tb:tt the time for righting the wrong I sCwosgslt should have come ? 'Stand asi:le--staSnd as'de, and let me pass i This girl evaded me last night ; she oshall not ecsealoe ime now. As thle rwonten spoike, se grasped Glart's arm with painful vioaence, and commenuced to drag her towards the areloed passage. Thie yong girl tremtb'el,ad vainly sought to relensdherseof, for there swa insanity in Sthe beautiful'but terrible eyes of the stran d ger. Clara looked towards old lorris. ' Tliis lady is under sonic omistke, I am Ssure,' she said; ' neither iay namo or my fanmily can po.eibly be known to her,' ' Are you sure they are known to your elf I' answeredithe lady. ' Tour face tells the truth t-, me, though the lips of deceivers may have poured fal.ehoods in your cars. *Poor child, come with me, unless you are so happy, and so high placed that you are made selfish, and, having no fear for yourself, have no compassion for others. Oh ! madam,' answeied lara,- ' my 1 ot is humble, and full of sorrowv. ' Come with me, then,' said the stranger, and the wild look vanished from her eyes, and her hard voice softened. * Come with me, and if I cannot remove thy sorrow I will grieve with thee. ' Go with my lady, miss,' said old Morris, with an entreating look. .';LThen, as,the stranger slackened her grasp of Clara's arm, the old man drew nigh, under pretext of pushing aside the tangled twine of a white jasmine that draped the arched doorway, and whispered is Olara ' You need be under no alarm, miss; my lady will not hurt you in her present mood. Poor soul, who did she ever harm as she harmed herself ? CIIIPTER, %LIT. In spite of the assurance of the old servant it was with some trepidation that Cla-a fole lowed her strange conductress. [To be continoed.] 