[ iRoveUst. ' [a terrible legacy. IV — [i SIORY 01? KKGLISII AND AUSTIIA. f LIAN LIFE. ? * —r"""* <1, OIUPUJll IX. - ~ ; ' (eo.NTWrtD.) , II1K CONFEftXtUTE'tf fWI,' I' V.v c <?' By GROSVENOR BUNSTER. . AtTflon or " Jons Hoiitoh's Yi'akd ;" " Thh ; ; Wat or thb "WoWjD;" " Amir/ Biuuutv;" ;? "Bwod WIM. Tu,i.,". (to,; Ao. I DrBKo the voyage homo in flic mail steamer, Edmonds "developed a new trait in his cbaiacter—lto bqjan to iltink heavily. Tha crimes weighing upon his soul, the tension of li'.his mind during tho short Australian career, ii'ud the firm bulief that tho blood of Fowler, |-in addition to that o{ Sir Balph Falkland, 1 - stained his bauds, had their effect at last, |; even upon his callous conscience. The iorced | : inaction on board the steamer maddened him, |; and he sought relief in tho bottle. A man of j' unbridled passions, tho habit grew upon him |:rspidty, until it thoroughly mastered him: '{?mi tho caution he had formerly displayed in J' the execution of his schomes became changed 1 1) 8 mad, unreasoning, rnonoronnioal craving \\- for revenge on all boating tho name of Falk f-had. |: Alter his return to London, Edmonds took ( lodgings in a street off tho Strand; and set j to work to ascertain all ho could concerning ;. Falkland. Going down to Devonshire on |: a Kconnoitering expedition, ho heard, ? to hu great aurprise, that tho young ? baronet was in Australia, and tho date of Sir . Frederick's departure enabled him to guess correctly its cause. He chuckled with savage gfee us he reflected that the shot ho had fired ; al miiMtjit in tho Australian bu?h had re moved tho only witness of Hit llalph'a mur . asr; r.nd aa ha pondered over Falkland's fruitless mission, a diabolical idea entered his . train. t He was seated in his lonely iodgings when the idea first came'to him. Copious draughts of brandy har] only sufficed to stimulate his devilish imagination ; mid ns he renliwd tho force of hh sudden idea, ho laughed in a per ect frenzy of delight. ; "Hal 1ml" ho ejaculated, "brandy for inspiration! 'Twill bo glorious! Let him return, as ho must do shortly, battled and downcast. And when ho goes to Devonshire, to feck a little consolation in tho caresses ol his betrothed—ha! ha!—ho will find her dead! Dead—and then ho will visit her me. Then I will watch him, and with a bullet through his brain ond the accursed race!" ? The scheme which was conceived in" tho de lirium of intoxicated frenzy woa matured when tho morning brought sobriety. And inns tho strong will of tho man was manifest. hiquor was with him at this time a pa?sion. Ho suffered the tortures of tho damned uutil no bail satisfied his intenso craving for the Dory draught. But his insatiablo revenge was ?sweeter, dearer passion; and as lie pondered over the matter, and realised tho fact that n wcnQcc must be made one way or tho other, bespraug from his bed, and swore—ho, tho blasphemous homicide, dared to appeal to his -Maker to register his fiendish oath—that, eo help his God, no intoxicating drink Bhould pass his hps until the lust of the l'olklands bad become a thing of the past. And ho kopt his oath—so far as refraining iroia armk was concerned. Sternly nnd rcso ulely he denied himself tho indulgence ; iionga sleepless nights, unstrung nerves, and ireruolmg limbs betokened tho agony it cost aim. But at length Nature reasserted her s.vay—he had gained tho victory. Then ho Mt about tho accomplishment of his fell pur pose, r Ho had ascertained that Colonel and Mrs. wt on had taken up their reaidonco at Falk ianu Court during Sir Frederick's absence, in preierencp to removing Hose to their own ti., B ,' ~A , S tho former b "dy servant of Sir ??pli, Ldwords had aoquired a knowledge of eery window, passage, and apartment iu tho mans-on and ho exulted at the thought of ho deadly use to which that knowledge could a. . ,? d ' A - dlui "ancc onco gained, he re m ? ? could oasUv discover whero the querent inmates.slept. One blow with a S r 'i wh ?" tho "Bht apartment was "ached, and Falkland's happiness would bo for over wreaked. Then he bethought him of a dealer in old curiosdies, living near the Adelphi, in whoso widow ho had seen a long, kcon Venetian ?uie to, just tho weapon ho required. Ho went at once to the shop, and purchased the ,?.-. lie '?? lil *g homo to complete his ar -sn^. mcnts ' 110 J? atlcd a S ain?t ? m a?* ? ut ?- wg the corner of Adam-streot. An angry ex ctarnation was checked on cither sido to an each oth Cn ? f BUrpM ' so ft3 tho men "cognised "Kdmondsl" "Johnson!" "Iho very man I want," said Edmonds. Umo with me." Ho seized Johnson by the Mm, and walked rapidly towards his lodg srfas ved thetc ' ho produced liquor and ?-;ii lJrin , ,f '." ho Bai<i - " I cannot join you ; I will explain why presently. What have you won doing since I left England ? Your share o the plunder from Steel has not dono you uds ' ns from your l ,reBent .'?P -„Jl U i ly ' i\ . haa llot - The fi, *'c thousand pounds obtained by tho ingenious ci-,krant inS u vanifihcd ??? the gaming-table and M?.r? nehor y : lcftvin G " 3 formpr posscsor a oioatert, ragged, desperate ruiVmn. I'dmonds listened to Johnson';! tale with abrupt] I ** sat!,,faotion - At ln9t ho ?a'd " Uo you want to earn a thousand pounds ? " "Do I?" replied Johnson. "Do I look }"o it?" I'd murder forty people to have lu o handling of-that r.mount-onee-more." "You needn't murder anybody for it," re plied Edmonds—" that if, unlosa resistance is offtrpd, and wo have lo light for it. Listen to mo. I have, as you know, plenty of monoy. I will give you a thousand pounds if you will join mo in ono night's work. I will speak plainly. lam going down to Devonshire, to murder a girl. She lives in a house of which I know every nook and cranny. -My pur po?e is to enter at midnight, find her chamber, ami stab her ( to tho heart. No hand but mine shall striko that blow, or my vengeance would bo robbed of lyilf its sweetness. But I want you to stand by mc; nnd if nny alarm is given, keep the alarmists st bay until tho deed is done. Will you do it? " Johnson, with a frightful oath vowed to join him. " Tbat is well," said Edmonds; " and now to fix tho timo. Wo will go down to Exeter 10-morrow, and mako r.ll arrnugoments as wo go ; Of ooura) wo must be disguised. If things are favorable, wo will hire a couple of fast saddle.horses, rido ovor to the Court, ond accomplish onr object. Tho horses can bo loft outsido tho house, in a place of conceal ment with which I am well acquainted. If all is right, wo can tin back at the station in 1 timo for the last train to London. If there is a fight for it. nnd only 000 escapes, he must 1 make a dash for tho horses, pistol one to avoid pursuit; and do his best, on tho other. If I am taken, nnd you escape, you will havo tho cheque beforehand. That you can cash and disappear before anything is known—l shall never peaoh. If the contrary hnppehs to be the case, I rely upon you in the same manner for scerosy. Now you know the whole scheme. Stay, tho girl I intend to ; kill Is tho betrothed of young Falkland, to ruin whom you did thnt little business down in Yorkshire." A long conversation ensued between tho two ruffians, in tho courso of which Johnson owned that ho waa both ponniioss and home less, a state of things his appearance suffi- indicated. Sdmonds took him to a dealer in slop clothes, and purchased for him self and Johnson suits of black and other clerical attire. Then they visited a hair dressers, nnd underwent a metamorphosis auttnblo to thoir now dress. " This is a rum start," said Johnsou, with an oath and a loud laugh, after they had re turned to Edmonds' lodgings and tried on their disguises. A couple of lamb?, ain't we?" "It's wolf's work wore after," said Ed monds. " I'ou may as woll stay hero to night. I'll givo orders for supper, and you will timl tho liquor in that cupboard. But don't talto too much. Steady hands and strong norves will bo wanted to-morrow night I" CHAPTER X. the r.-srrr. Tho day beforo the mooting botweon Ed monds and Johnson, Mr. ltomeo Gunks sat beforo a bright fire in the Albany Chambers, with an open book on his knees. The book was one of that romantic individual's favo rite " blooil-ourdlers"—boing indeed no less a work than "The Sydney Scalp Seekers"—a fiction muoh admired in reading circlos at home. It is true that the author—evolving his ideas of Australia from tho depths of his morn} consciousness, as tho German did his description of a camel—had mado the abori gines talk, think, and act precisely like Fcni more Cooper's equally impossible Bed Indians. Ho had also pictured Sydnoy as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by dense forests, nud painted, howling savages; had treated his readers to bison hunts on tho Murray in summer time, and otherwise manifested his supremo knowlodgo of tho " fifth quaiter of tho world." But it passed muster with tho gulliblo British public, seeing thnt it bore tha mint- mark of an eminent publishing firm in London. " Dreadful creatures! " uoliloquisod Mr. GuftkM, os he finished the last pngo with a sigh of regret. " Foor Sir Frederick—what lis must be suffering- among those savagC3! It's two mails since a letter came—l hopo his scalp doesn't decorate the wigwam of some Sydney warrior. Or perhaps he's fallen in love with some bright-ey.*.d forest maiden— another case of Inkle and Yarico. Only for the danger, I wish I had gone. There must ba some regular genuino sensations out there." Mr. Gullies must have been a very exor bitant man if ho wished for a greater sensa tion than lie experienced when, just ns ho had 'finished his soliloquy, the door was thrown open, and Falkland entered, followed by Curzon, Fowler, and tho detectivo, while tho grinning face of Tom Grist brought up the rrar. " Angola and ministoi. of grace—l tn.an welcome, Sir Frederick, welcome from the laud of bandits and ferocities I" exclaimed Mr. Guillen, with eyes distended to their fullest extent. " Don't be a fool, Guflle3," said Falkland, smiling. " Help this young man in with tho luggage, and then take this telegram to the oilico. It ia to go immediately. Take this young fellow with you whon "you go—ho is an Australian, and London sights will ainuso him." Mr. Gullies, assisted by Tom Grist, went to the cab. The romantic ltomeo could not keep his eyes off Tom. "Mc help you carry him portmanteau, twiggy voub ?" said Mr, Gullies, who muttered to himself, " Why, he ain't very red for au Indian. I suppose he understands English." " This ia one of thoir foreign ilunkoys I've heard now chums talk about," soliloquised Tom. " Well, I nover aid try to talk their lingo, but I dare say I can." With this re flection, ho replied: " S'pose you grabbeo that handle, rnateo ; shoves it up soeo oil my shoulder; vie walkeo him along all same piecey feather, you saboe." "That's done it," thought Tom. with conscious pride at tho success of his efforts, as Gullies complied with the request. " I could always talk to tho Chinose cook on tho station better nor anyone olse ; and it's plain all these foreign chap 3 has tho samo yabber." The luggage was soon brought in, and then Mr. Gullies, beckoning to Tom, said, " You comeo now, mc take you see what you staro at—such funny tings." " What arc you talking that gibborish for ?" asked Falkland, angrily turning round; while tho detectivo, who instantly realised tho situation, burst into a roar of laughter. '?Beg pardon, Sir Frederick," said Mr. Guides, mincingly, " but this Australian hem—this Australian Indian only speaks brokon English, and so—" This was too much for tho rest of the party, who burst into perfect fits of latightor; Tom Grist louder than any. " Why, confound you," said Falkland, when ho could speak; " the Australian i Indian, as you call him, speaks English a3 well es yourself—better, perhaps." "I beg the—hem—young man's pirdon," said Gullies, "I took him for a child of the forest; and really, hedoes speak very queerly, begging youis, Sir Frederick. 1 ' " And hang mc if I didn't take you for a Fronchy, and spoke tho lingo to accommodate you I" repliad Tom. "There, there, go along—both of you — thero will be a better understanding" between you when yon come back," said Falkland. Mr. Gullies lod tho way, followed by Tom, who pulled out his pipe and lit it as he walked nlong. "Dear mo, this is awful," said tho rofined \ Mr. Gufllcs. " Are thero any streets in Aus i tralia,.. young mnn?" " Ono or two," replied Tom. composedly. " And do the pooplo there—tbe oivilised peoplf, I mean—smoke pipes in them ?" con tinued Mr. Gullies. Tom Btarod at him for a moment, then winked. " I'm not on, mate," ho snid, "yon don't get a rise out of mc." Compelled to endure the infliction, Mr. Guffies turned the conversation. "I supposo yow wero taught English' at an early ago ? " ho asked " Pretty fair," replied Tom. " Somewhere about when I learnt to spook. They didn't try it osi before, you sco, because thcy.fnncied it might bo wasto of time.", " Then your father was not a warrior— perhaps, a great man among his pooplo—and you were not born in the forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose?" said Mr. Gufllcs, hia romance fast departing. "I was horn on tho Hawkesbury," said Tom. "As to my fathor being a great man, nnd a warrior, as you call il, he stood six foot four in his sucks, and could bolt any chap on the river. Ait to cradling, mato, I nover took a turn at tbo diggings. I waa brought up on a station." Mr. Gufllos' idoas had by this timo received a severe shock. But ho resolved to mako one more effort, and so ho said: " Aro you partial to firewater ? " "Do you mean rum ? " asked Tom. " No, I can't sny I am; but I could tackle a pint of stringy if it w_3 in my way now." Ascertaining that "stringy" was colonial for beer, Mr. Gnftles forthwith entered a tavern aud ordered a pint, contenting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insisted on " shouting " another, and thia had tho effect. of rendering Mr. Gullies so loquacious that he soon put Tom in possession of his crude no- ' tions respecting Australia. Tho keynote once given, the mischievous stockman treated his new friend to such an astounding mixture of romar.ee nnd reality, of tho sanguinary kind, that Gufllcs was in a state of gasping admi ration all the ovening, and went to bed to onjoy what ho was wont to style " a delicious nightmare" Next day Tom was sent to the station with Guffies for the remainder of tho luggsge, and returned in a high state of excitement. " I've seen him, boss, I'vo seen him ! " he exclniracd, rushing into tho room whero Falkland and his friends wore seated. The detective was out, renewing his acquaintance with his old tutor, John Forrester. " Seen whom ? " asked Fowler. " Tho now chum tramp !" returned Tom. " The chap as come to Nandlo the night Mr. Cur/.on was shot. Such a lark! He wns with another chap, and ho and hia mate was both dressed liko parsons, with black and white chokers. But I spotted him right off, and dodged him. When I heard him speak, I was sure of him." "And whnt did he say—whero is he?" asked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex citement had produced a nimilar effect. " Why, I should nay ho is far enough oil by this time," replied Tom. "It was this way, you see. While we—Gufllos and me—was coming along ou tho cab from that railway station—Waterloo Bridge you call it, I think —I saw this cove's ugly mug. Ho was walk ing along that street that's about as long lis George-street ond Parrarantta-Htreet put together." " You mean the Strand," said Fowler. " Go on, never mind description." " Well, I jumped off tho box, and followed close behind 'om," continued Tom. " Thoy didn't notice mo, why should thoy? Then the swagman as was turns to his mate nnd says, ' We've got half-an-hour to catch tho" Paddington train. To - morrow morning Falkland's intended brido will bo tho bride of death.' Then I jumped into a cab, and camo hero like a redshank."; Falkland turned white to the lips, and was about to rush out of the room, when Fowlor sei.ied his arm. "Becalm," he snid, "be calm, and leavo your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast cab immediately—or two rather. Promise the men a sovereign each if thoy use. their best speed. Mr. Curzon, stay with your friend. I will havo all ready by the time the cabs come." When Tom returned with tho vehicles, Fowler hod a heap of cloaks nnd rugs ready, aud a small ease under his arm. 'Mump in," ho said, to Falkland, "Mr. Cnrzoh, you follow with Tom. Wo can talk when we reach the station." Away whirled the cabs, at a pace far above that allowed by tho regulations. " Never mind your number being takon," Fowlor shouted through tho little trap in the roof to the driver. " A ten pound note will cover all. I will givo you twenty. Drivo as fast as you can—it is a caso of life and death." Various futile efforts were mado by aston ished polieomen to arrest their progress, but in vain. At length tho panting horses drew up in front oftho station, and tho party sprang out Falkland and Fowler immediately rusbted into the telegraph ofliee, followed by Curzon and Tom Grist. "A form, quick," said Falkland to the olerk. "Where is tho message for, Sir," asked the clerk. " Exetor, quick, man, I say," and Falkland stamped his foot in his impationce. " Very sorry, sir," replied tlio olerk, with exasperating coolness ; " but you can got no mossage through to- night. There's been an accident to the wires, and it will tako some hours to find it out and ropairit, for there has boen a vory heavy fall of snow down the line." " Whero 13 tho Btation-master ? " asked Fowler, seeing that Falkland was utterly over come by this last blow. "I must see him immediately." The official was brought, and Fowler ex. plained that a murder had been planned, and that in tho absence of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe must ensue. " Very sorry, sir," replied the man, " but I don't see what can be dono. I can't grant a special train, without authorisation from a direotor. And by Jove, Sir, hero comes ono." A portly gentleman bustled up to tho station master, with an air of importance. "Beg pardon, Sir George," said tho official," but theso gentlemen aro in a dreadful predica ment." And ho related tho circumstances. " Dear mc, dear mo," exclaimed tho director, "shocking, shooking! Tho only thing you can do 13 to hire a special train, and that will bo cxponsivo, fifty pounds at least." " I will give fifty times the amount to reach Falkland Court to-night," exclaimed Falk land, vehemently. " Eh, what I Falkland Court! Why, bless mo, who is it they aro going to murder at Falkland Court?" "My cousin Rose," said Falkland, in a choking voico, " my dear, dear Rose, and I, great Heaven, stand hore helpless as a child I " " Calm yourself, Sir Frederick, all will bo arranged," exclaimed Fowler, soothingly. " Sir Frederick, is it possible you aro tho ncphow of my poor old friend Ralph?" said the director. "To bo sure, of course you aro; I recognise the likeness. Here, Thomas, a special train directly, and toll them to send tho best and most careful men in tho shed with it/ Tho kind- hearted old gentleman bustled about, and the magic of his presenco proved very effective. In half-an-hour a powerful cngino and tender, drawing one carriage, started off nt a speed of fifty miles an hour. Fowler looked nt his watch, nnd made a .mental calculation, | "It will bo a near thing," he said. "If yra I can keep up this paco wo shall reach Exeter a fow minutes aftor the train in which those scoundrels are. Let us hope for tho bout." Ho unlocked the caso which he carried, and took out sevoral revolvers. Handing ono to each of the party, ho said, " There is no time for trifiing now. Shoot him liko a dog if ho offers the least resistance.' 1 Falkland said nothing, but there was a glitter in his eyes as he grasped the weapon and thrust it into his breast pocket that spoke volumes. Tom Grist quietly tucked the revolver into hia bolt, and winked. " I swore I'd fetch that raddle-faocd chap," he muttered to himself, " and if it comes to shooting I rather think I'll be among 'era." Curzon, who still woro his arm in a sling, had insisted on accompanying them ; and ho, too, mentally avowed to do his best if it oame to a struggle. Tho journey was a very silent one, for, with tho exception of Tom Grist, each man was haunted by a dreadful foar, which ho shrank from disclosing, that they might bo too lata after all. Tom Grist looked out of the window, the viow being a novel one to him. Thero had been a very heavy fall of snow, and the country was one sheot of white. Tho roofs of tho houses as thoy dashed tlu'ough tho stations and towns on the rout, were heavily laden with snow. Tho trce? in tfee open looked liko sheeted ghosts looming tnrough the murky night. Tho monotonous rattle of the engine, the regular clank of the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears os he.sank back in a slumber, from whioh ho was not roused until tho train stopped. Then ho found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland excitedly questioning the stationmaster. ' "In half-an-hour ago, sir. Your special i had to slacken the last fifty miles, for tho fresh fail has almost blocked tho lino. Horses ? Woll, I daresay you can got them at tho Bull. George, run up and order saddle horsos—for how many?—four saddle horses immediately. The gentlemen will be there boforo thoy are ready. Bad weather for travelling, sir." Hurrying to tho Bull, they learnt that only three horsca were available; tho remaining two having been engaged by two persona who arrived in the regular down train. Not a word was spoken as they waited. An awful sense of an'impending calamity over hung the whole party. It seemed tacitly understood that Curzon, as tho least useful of tho party, owing to his useless arm, should romain behind. Ho grasped his friend's hand as tho horses were brought out, and said in a low voice, " God bless you, my dear Falk land ; may you bo in timo I " On, on, fetlook deep in snow they dashed, the steam from the horses enveloping them in a haze. The glare from gave sufficient light to show tho roa'a, oven if Falkland had not -nown it so well. Tom Grist kept a few paces in the rear—not that he was worse mouuted or inferior in horse manship to ;hi3 companions. On tho con trary, it was his infinite superiority in both respects that dictated the courso ho was pur suing. Falkland and Fowler dashed along at tho top of their speed; up hill and down dale alike. It's no good talking to them chaps, seoing the state of mind they're in," said Tom to himself. " But if them mokes ain't bust afore they gets to tho end of their journey call mc a now chum. Now, this nin't a bad bit of stuff I'vo got across, and I've nursed him up the pinches. It strikes mc that when we gets that long avenue the swell cove as owns it spoke about, I shall spreadeaglc 'em." Tom's anticipation proved correct. When thoy reached the lodgo the horses of Falkland and Fowlor were thoroughly blown. Both shouted a.s loud as thoy could, and the lodge keeper, half aelec-p, put his hoad out of the window to ask what was the matter. While Falkland was calling to him to open the gate, there was a rush, a dark form rose in the air, and with a shout of "Follow my loader," Tom Grist had cleared the park walls, and was touring up the avenue, taking all ho knew out of his horse now that the road lay clear beforo him. Pulling up the animal at tho flight of stone steps, his quick oye detected an open window. Drawing his revolver, he entered through the opening, aad walked cautiously across the room. Trained by his long experience in the bush, Tom's sight was like a cat's, aud listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in tho direction of the grand staircase. As he stolo along ho henrd the faint sound of approach ing horses. Then he knew that his friends were at hand, and cocking tho rovolvor, he pro ceeded, muttering, " I've got tho lead, and I'll keep it. They're here, or tho window wouldn't bo open. I'll have the first shot for tho honor of Australia. And if I don't put a set like a new chum's bundle on that raddle-faced chap, may I never skin another 'possum 1" (To be Continued.) 