A TRIP TO THE BLACKALL RANGE (BY OLD CHUM) (From The Week.) The holiday season, with all its cares and anxieties was upon me, and my troubles had fairly begun. What to do with myself for six long weeks was the question. I had visited the North as far as the ultima thule of Thurs- day Island; the coast country was familiar to me; inland I had penetrated to Georgetown to Roma, to-well to the limits of bitter beer and my beloved shandygaff; Southport, Nerang, Cleveland, Sandgate, Humbybong - these had all been done to satiety. Where should I find a terra incognito! Of course I did not want to get beyond tho fixed boundary— the longitude of bitter ale and that other necessary of lifo nbovomentioned. I must always be in a position to ' draw tho sword of Queensland ' — i e., the cork of a bottle. Thinking it over was of no manner of use. I decided to leave it to chance, and to mako Toowoomba my starting point. I packed my valise. I leave the genial parson who lias juHt dropped in to see me in full charge of my abandoned domicile, with the vague in timation that I am off ''up the lice,' and start for the train. On my way I get my letters. They are very thin. This in itself is a suspicious circumstance Base be the soul which, on tho evo of an adventurous expedition, would pause to study the items of a bill. I plant thorn under a stono — but hold ' one of them looks unliko a bill I will chance it. Happy inspiration! It turnB out to be a lotter from my old friend William Landsborough, of exploring celebrity. Ho invites me to join him in a trip to Mooloolah and tho Blackall Range. Tho coach starts at 5 a.m. ; I am no longer undecided. I have a purpose. I will sco the Blackall Bango or perish heroically in the attempt. It is the terra inconnita — it in invested with strange fascination I have heard rumours of the marvellous fertility of tho soil, and the inexhaustible, mines of timber wealth em bowered in its magnificent scrubs, and of tho wonderful scenery of its gorges and ins/icesi'ible precipices. I do not suppose thit any district in Queensland has ever been made such a play thing for a Minister for Lands ai this wonderful rango. Firal it is thrown open for seloction at five shillingi per ccro, then withdrawn utnin, onco moro thrown open oniy to be u^aiu withdrawn, each tirao shorn of a few selections. I felt that I had u mission to look into this matter. Accordingly I found myself in tho evening taking mino case in mine inn with my friend Landsborough, that I might be ready for the unearthly hour at which the coach would faei the door. At early dawn behold us seated on the box-seat of Macallum's couch, with five good borsoi in front of us and eighteen fellow passengers behind, Off wo go— sixty-four miles to Mooloolah. The coach is roomy, the road excellent, and tho pace equivalent. After passing tho Bald Hills, with its pretty Httlo farms Btretching along tho valley, the road to the Caboolture may be described in a few words of ascending intensity — barren, moro barren, most barron. A now arrival travelling on this road missos all tho beautiful agriculturallandof Burpongary Creek, Pino Bivor, Oaboolturo, &c.; Ho only sees grass-trees, rooV, and sand. At or near Cabool ture we breakfast, then cross the river by a lino bridge, which was not there when [ swam across at the same place in the good old Otympie days. With a fresh team, we aro off again, tho road still prjtty fair but tho weather stitling'y hot. We bnvo ox charged our r^Dni7 coaoh tor a small wuggonolto in which wj arc packed like herrings. Tno road before us will presently bo too utterly awful to risk coaoh travelling. At lart wo arrive at Mrs Grigor's Bankfoot Accommodation tion Hi.uii.1. i lifi'c u rf ally excellent dinner awaits ue, anil wo n:e received by Mrs. Qriaor with tho .uost iViondly hospitality. Here wo aro at tho very foot of tho3o ex traorrlir»vy lnoking wlass Mountains. The most singular of the whole yclept Crooked Keck, towers to a height of five or eix hundred feofc abovo us— a sheer preeipioo i-n all sides. Has it beon scaled ? Never. Will it bo scaled ? Hardly ever, unless some adven turous membor of tho Alpino Olub should read this, and then tho thing will bo done clepond upon it. It is .England's mission to climb to the summit of every peik in the world, and Crooked Nock's time is coming. I had a great mind to earn undying fame by doing it myself, but I was told that tho mountain swurmod with dentil adders, and thus tho coach would start in ton minutos, so I derided to defer the climb to u moro favourable opportunity. Off again — by-the-way, I was seriously ularuicd ut discovering thut there was no bitter beer obtainable at iUnkfoot; howtver, wa ' drew the sword' in tho shape of lemonade, and wont on our frizzling way. Groat Cowar's ghost! How hot it was! 112 degs. in tne shade at Grigor's, and getting hotter ! Now the terrors of tho road began. 'I shall have to trouble you hero, gentlemen, if you please,' Buys our urbano Jehu (Mr. Fred. Pugh). Out wo tumble like eighteen roaBted potatoes out of an oven. Tho coach appears to capsize over tho horses' heads, and away they alt roll together — coach, driver, and horses, in a tangle o£ harness, reins, whip cord, and stones, do*n to apparent po-dition. Op thi'y go again with a ruoh to the tjp o£ tho nest ridge. 'All aboard !' comes acrois to us, and wo swelter along and climb to our porches aguin, gasping with heat and want of breath. if hon this little performance had beon enacted about six times in ton miles, wu suddc.-.ly pull up at Melluin Creek, sixty miles from lirisbuue. Here we find a large store and public-house, where we indulge in what Landsborough calls a drink. I called it a rogular corpse reviver, for, what with tho in »n«..n l.nnf .lift 1.ll««in» 11 tt ,111«1 AnWT\ ttlll. ftTKI the cramped positions in which we woro forced to tit, wo were regularly dono up. Four miles more. We are due at Mooloolah at 6 p m., and within alow minutes of that time, we pull up at Mr. 13 nry's hotel and store. Safoly landed, wo decide, a- no h.orjcs have appeared, to re main for tho night, when 16 ! a clatter of hoofs, and Lundsborough's son and heir appcare leading three chargers. We change our plan*. Our traps are strapped to r,he si.-dlos, and away we go for an additional tifteon mileB It. i? quro a refief to bo ou horse buck aftur Uu- toil of the coach. We jog ulon« very quietly, aud by 0 p in wo are wel vonvil !-v liic .-o.r of t!io oceau and the sniiiini; faces of iny hoal'n wife and daughter*. Tia U ready, uiitTi-n is a bath 'Xlm lulliiby of the f-'ii. via «.\l u*.mf;.fl t.n lull IU til glcdU after OUr seventy miio miles ride. I dis'iavorvii iu'X1. morning that I was at CiUo.imlm. a iiiosr beautiful tpjt opposite tfcu Koriii .!i i or. itnbie Islam!, 'jthore w.is .- luuJ i sale hei'i h«™ a «liort- li'iio a;;o, and very g lod price:) wvrv ivnlucd for tho o..vn:i front gcs. The bench is very extensive, and hard ennugh to rido over. The JBribio pustiuge nifords delightful and safe b.aling, whilst iurthor up tho .each, and clear of tho island, there is exinil'cnt schnapper and groper fishing. Whttiug ami bream abound, oa I found uftor a few hours Ibhirig. Mr. Landsborough (-?ho holds two thousand acres on the beach), Mr. M off alt, und Mr. Bulcoek divide this glerious spot; between them, whiltt beyond them is tho picturesque site of Calouudra township with its bold rocky headland ceaselessly Ouauhod by tho rollers of tho groat Pa*;ili.;. Uy tho way, there is a legend concerning this headland curront amongst tho blacks. Tho Aore is eminently suited tor camping, abounding, aa the waters do, with fish of many kinds, and the adjacent forest well supplied with game ; grassy nooks inviting to repose, and salt water lagoons protected from the extremo violonco of tho open eea. Still no biiick will venture to camp there. 'Baal' they Bay, ' biackfollow camp 'longa Caloundra.' Tho tradition is that two monsters came out of a cave in tha ri:cks and devoured some blacks who had cainpf d there, and that ever einco the ' ghoBt walks'— not in a theatrical sense. Coal appears to abound here ; tho Beams crop out ovorywhero in the face of tho cliff and seams of coaly Bhalo lio exposed on tho flit . sedimentary rock at its base Logs of petrified VVUUU UlUUlliVAo liuiu iuu tutiAj uuu biiuxu i& every indication of a good seam of coal come whoro in tho neighbourhood, although I was told that Mr. Moffatt bored for 350 feet with out finding a payable seam. Having spont a couple of pleasant days in the onjoymont of Beaside pleasures, preparations wore made for a grand ex pedition to the Blackall. Tenhorseswerebrought into requisition. Provisious and blankets wcro provided on a liberal scale, and a start was effected about 0 a.m., the late start being owing to the disappearance of tho horses on tho pre vious day. Ho°'over, we were not particular, our time w.ib our own, and given grass, water, and firewood, our hotel and bedB wore ready at any part of the bush in which we might find ourselves. We first made Mellum Creek and filled up tho provision bags. Then came tho ascent of a spur of the range. On our way up we met Mr. James Campbell, of Brisbane, on his return journey from a tour of inspection. Mr. Campbell has large interests in the district, but his first trip thither, he assured me, would be his last. He gave a doleful account of the difficulties of the track, and trusted our lives were insured, as we, or rather our sorrowing families, would probably have to fall back on the insurance companies'. Nothing daunted, we pushed on up an almost perpendicular bullock track, to tho foot of what is known as the Bald Hill, a bare gr. esy knoll with precipitous sides. There is said to bo a fine view from the summit, but aB tho sky was vory haiy, we decided that the game of climbing would not be worth tho candle, su wo skirted the base and made all haste to reach a good camping ground. After a toilsome ascent of an hour wo reached a tolerably level plateau, where we found a couple of hou3(iB and a bullock yard. Having found a small waterhole, wo decided to unpack and maVo our camp in the yard, which was level. We soon had a fite going and t«a made, and ware preparing for our blankets when Bud denly three bullock teams hove in sight. The d riverB woro very obliging when they found their fortress in possession of tho enemy, and oven of fered tounyokooutside, but finally the cattle were all ranged ulong the inside of the fence, and soon went forth to disputo possession of the grais with our horsoB Nothing further ocourred to disturb us, so, wrapped in our blankets, we ('jjoyed a pleasant night under tho stars. We had rigged a sort of tent for the four ladies of our p»»ty, so that everyone slept as comfortably as might bo We wore up betimes in the morn ing, and after an hour Bpont in baking dumpers and joh'iny cakes, we mov«d off again, and noon entored a most magnificent scrub, consisting principally of gigantic hickory and fig trees. The summits of these were studded with immoitso buuuht-s of slag-horn turns and orchids, but at such a hoight that if. strained our necks to lo-k up at thorn. Occpnionally a coral treo loaded wi'.h rich scarlet blossom, blazed out. from amongst tho vivid green of the surrounding scrub. Creepers, ferns, palrnn, and lovely Ground orchids, woro everywhere in profusion, and many in bloom, whilst in many places the ground was strown with purple scrub plums. Tho road wound its way up th-i crest of a ridgo with doolivitio? on either Bidi-, which mado one think of the possiblo consequoncos of a roll ovor tho edge. All flay we rode along a bullock track cut through tho denso scrub. Here and there a little work hid boou douo to reader tho Biddings loaa dangerous, and at ono pomt wo found the Divisional Board labourers at work. Now and again we mut a string of bullocks bringing down boooh aud codar logs, whilst at frequont intervals wo saw logs of cedar six foot in diameter awaiting hauling to tho rafting ground, but of standing troes — cedar or beech— wo natnrally saw none, as all the good timber in tho vicinity of tho road had long sinco boon on its w*y to the sawmills. Here and there we pisiod a small clearing, but saw vory liltle cultivation. By and byo a rather imp-.siiig house hove in sight, the pro perty of Mr. Groivej, who holds three square milos of tho scrub. The houso is built ontiroly, of bocch, and was only inhabited by a oare taker, 'l'horo are gome forty acred cut down on tho selection, but not as yet burnt off. Hero wo dooided to camp for tho night, as there was a small waterholo, whoro we could water our horsos with tho holp of a bucket We also found a passion vino loaded with fruit and wo helped ourselves frooly, whilst _ the ladiflB made a quantity of pawion fruit jam. S'or this night we camped down on tho vernndn and spent a comfortable night, only liist.uvbed by ono of tbo horsos coming and waking ub up to inform us that ho had tried o*iing nettle -tree leaves and had decided that tho exporiment was not worth repealing. In tho evening Mr. Landsborough went off with tho caretaker to find a settler who lived about two miles away to usk his assstance in piloting us through tho clonse scrub. When ho returned he told us that Mr. Jiyles, the eottrer in question, lnd promised to bo our guide The usual delay in hunting up tho horsos oo corred, and at last wo got fairly started. Mr. Kyles was toon reached, and wo found he had made himself very comfortable. Ho had a nice banana patch bearing well, sweet potatoes, and some fruit trees, but. ho, in common with nil tho Bclectors, dopenda upon the timbor more than upon -agriculture. In hia company we started, and were congratulating oursolves upon the comparatively easy rojd we were trdvelliog, when be suddenly turned off down a surveyor's track and then began a journey which gave us an excellent idea of tho Blackall llango. Wi« appeared to bo travelling longi tudinally along tho serrated edge of a gigantic cro&BCUt-S;'.iw — up steep pinches, down stooper ones; blundering ov-r countless roo:s, which crept ovor tho ground in all directions, inter Ucing with each other, and forming with tho misses of stones, and boulders, and logs with which tho ground was cumbered, excellent opportunities for horaes to Btrain their legs and lnmo themselves for life. I fancy we must have travelled in this fashion over a hundred thousand miles, so eternally long did this descent, to Hades eccm. {To he continued in our next.) 