BISHOP LUCK LEAVES FOR ROME. We learn bycablegiam from Wellington, fchat his Lordship the Sight Eev. Dr. Luck, Biahop of Auckland. New Zealand, ha3 left for Rome per s.s. Rotomahana via Sydney. His Lordship, address ing the congregation of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Auckland, Btated with regard to the new cathe dral, that as two of the gentlemen who had givon their names to become securities had done so under a misapprehension, he had relieved them of it, and taken the responeiteuifcy upon himself, fully relying on the generous co-operation of the Catholic people to assist him in carrying it out,' and he fully expected on his return from Europe to find the cathedral with the accommodation it so much needed. During his absence he would leave this matter in tho hands of the Very Rev. Father Walter McDonald, whose zeal he oould : fully roly upon. His Lordship passed a high enlogium on tho services rendered to tho Church by Father Waller M'Donald. An event of no ordinary interest and importance came off; last week. We refer to the opening of the first Diocesan Synod of Auckland, which took place on Thursday, May 1. The proeeed inga opened with v. prooession of the clergy of the diocese accompanying his Lordship the Bishop from the presbytery to the CathodraL Eia Lordship sang Pontifical High Mass of tho Holy Ghost, at the conclusion of which tho laity re tired, and the Synod was formally opened by a solemn profession of faith. On Sunday last Dr. Luck laid the foundation-stone of the new cafcho di'fll. A collection was made in the Cathedral on Sunday to defray the expense of the Bishop's trip to Europe. The Auckland Freeman's Joototal of April 4 reports that on the provious Sunday his Lordship the Bishop informed the congregation that he intended to leave for Europe for the purpose Jof getting priests and otudonfcs for this diocese, as also Christian Bro thers to conduct tho school teaching, and he would in timo get some Sisters of the Order of tho Good Shepherd to take chargo of the Fomalo Reformatory he intended founding in thi3 city, similar to one already existing in Melbourne. Inimeniately hesuccoodod in gottingthe priests and Brothers ho would telegraph to hia flock for tho funds to send them out, and they would have fco be prepared to do ifc, as ifc was an absolute necessity to have them. 