V.A.T.C. RACE MEETING." [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, April 26. The Victorian Amateur Turf Club held a meeting at Caulfield to-day, which, cwing to the -wet weather, was only moderately attended. The results were as follows:— SELLING RACE. Tulta „ ..i Queen Bess 2 Tallarookh „ „ 3 Four started. HANDICAP HURDLES. One and a half miles. Yately „ .. 1 Breuda .. .,2 Dawdler . „ 3 Ten started Time, 3 min. 1 sec. GLEN UUNTLV HANDICAP. One mile. Merrijig l Meander 2 Lesbia 3 Twelve started. Won by three-quarters of a length. Time, 1 min. 47 sec HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Blackthorn 1 Chrysalis 2 Ijzette 3 Five others also started. Won easily. ARMIDALE HANDICAP. Five and a half furlongs. Meander 1 The Ghost .. . . 2 Cattaway 3 Won easily. Time, 1 min. 11 sec. DEATH OF CAPTAIN HENRY SIMPSON.— We elsewhere announce the death of Contain Simpson, which took place on Saturday at his residence, Ridge Park, Glen Osmond. The deceased gentleman was born in 1815, and was thus in bis 69th year. Captain Simpson arrived here in August, 1836, as secoud officer of the John Pirie, and was subsequently made master of her; but after a time leftfher and joined the Lord Hobart barque. He then piocured a cutter, and established a trade to Kangaroo Island, but joined the Lord Hobart a second time, and continued in her till his appointment as wharfinger at the Old Port. Thence he was transferred to the New Port, first move on his own account was to join Messrs. Phillips and Horn in the formation of a Shipping Company, but the Melbourne gold fever sorted about the same time, and Captain Simpson spent a couple of years as a digger. On returning to the Port the want of fuel suggested to him the importation of coal from the Newcastle coalpits. The first start was of a -very modest character, as an old barque and a brig brought hither a sufficient supply. Mr. Bower had not then started the fii st steam-engine fixed in the Port, nor was there the smoke of a steamer, save and except the Government tug, which now and then burned 1 few tons to help ships into harbour. However, Captain Simpson was not a man easily daunted,'and when once he have the matter his immediate attention it grew under his hands. In 1860 the fleet had been increased, as the demand for coal progressed, the smelting works consuming many tons per annum. Joined to this, the increase of steamers was an important factor in extending Captain Simpson s trade, and it was a singular fact that although steam colliers had been in vogue for a long period, he was too much attached to the sailing vessels to employ steam colliers. After many vears he became converted and imported the Birksgate, and as soon as she showed the advantage of speed and certainty, the sail ing fleet vanished as if by magic, and in addition to chartering several steamers he sent to England for the Tenterden. During all his career he has been a consistent supporter of the Port, and always exerted himself for its welfare. The deceased gentleman was held in high estimation amongst business men for his sterling integrity and energy. Ihe news of Captain Simpson's death from paralysis was not unexpected at Port Adelaide, especially amongst those to whom the captain was well known. Several of the flags were lowered in token of respect to his memory. ^T The best Watch to keep time and stand rough work is one of Wendt's Silver Hfcg. B. Levers, guaranteed to give satisfaction. To be bad at 70, Bundle-street, for £i 10s. and upwards. Especially recommended for Bush work. Botheram's Silver Levers, £6 each. 248mwfc OR WORTH KNOWING.—ThattheLargestCiDthiM and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Best most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Youtbs\ and Boys Clothing and Outfitting, is at G. & W. Shierlaw's, Glasgow House, 11 Hindley. street Proof is the test; try them Acvd 