THEATRE ROYAL.— MACE ETH. Macbeth, generally regarded as the sublimest of Sbakspeare's tragedies, in which the portrayal of terror reaches its utmost height, was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, under the favoring circum- being entrusted to capable actors and unusual attention being bestowed upon the Btage accessories. Miss Genevieve Ward, after a brief absence, made a second how to a Mel bourne audience as Lady Macbeth. Anticipa tions were high strung, as report led much to be expected from Miss Word in this her most serions effort on onr stage. The parts that she played previously, although stamping her as a true artist, did not admit of a classification being arrived at whether Miss Ward should take rank amongst what was best in the lustrous past of tho colonial stage. In Macbeth there is the treble Influence at work In bringing about the catastrophes that ovcr-vlielm the central figure of this tragedy, namely, fato, or tho deep laid temptations of the woird sisters ; tho vaulting ambition of Macbeth, whose native heroism, however, is never entirely obliterated by the multiplicity of crimes into whicli ho plunges in order to reap the fruits of his first vio lation of his better self ; and, lastly, the poisonous conjurations of Lady Macbeth, who, clutching at tho dazzling hope fed by her lust of power, exercises the fiery valor of hor tongue to Bpur Macbeth on to do such deeds ns make men fiends. With Macbeth wo never wholly lose sympathy, partly on account of his brave struggles with fate, and in part for his wrestlings with a remons trant conscience. Tho final overthrow of his inherent noble qualities, which might have served a worthier end, com pletes tho pity felt for what has buon styled a good man "gone wrong." Lady Macbeth awakens np such emotions. Her' hand guides the reluctant Macbeth to shut out to morrow's sun from Duncan's eyes, and as her guilt is greatest so is her punishment the severest. Her character is unrelieved by the nobleness that Macbeth showB in his re trospective reflections ; she has no great moments but those brought about by the enormity of crimes which unsex her. With a merciless hand she is painted to look like tho innocent flower, harboring the serpent under neath, When terror and retributive justice over take her, ploughing deeply into her iron con science, her career ends in madness and a death unlamented even by her husband. Miss Ward portrayed the character with great force. When rending Macbeth's letter — written in tho moment of intoxication after victory which crowned his arms, and with his new honors from the king showered thick upon him — Miss Word dupictod Lady Macbeth as ,tli6 woman yet un tainted by thohorrors she afterwards counselled, but fully on the alert to catch the nearest way to effect tho purposes of her dark mind. The sncceedingintorview with Macbeth was equally effective, but also suffieed to indiaate that, while Miss Ward's Lady Macbeth would be a performance adding to her roputation, its sua- cesB would not be electrical. That deep vibra tion of soul, which only responds to the voice of gonitis, she did not awaken. One did not recognise in Miss Ward the artist of tran scendent power, capable of making Lady Macbeth live, as the character had lived in the mind's eye of its great creator. . However, in saying this we only wish to bo understood to moan that Miss Word'BLady Macbeth is not a com- \- plme realisation of the idoal. That her imper- BoJaiion is one of special excellence will not he disputed by any one whose opinion on such matters is worth the consideration. And wo will go so far as to say that it is perhaps the most powerful tbst has been witnessed upon our young stage. In personal attributes Mise Ward satisfied all rigid demands. The progressive phases of the character were delicately marked. It is only the true artist who is capable of manifesting what was so true to nature — the physical wear and tear ex perienced by Lady Macbeth from the time when the delusivo prospects held out by the ambiguous oracles enchained her imagination, to the perpetration of Duncan'B slaughter, and tho subsequent period of mental anguish aud feeling of insecurity thnt found utterance in her briof communion with her own soul. Nought's h'sd, all's soent, When our desire is got without content. In the banquet scene, where Macbeth displays his aberration of mind conjured up by Banquo's ghost, Lady Macbeth is shown as utterly worn down, and her face a " book wbero men may read strange matters," This is a fitting prelude to the sleep walking scene, in which Miss Ward achieved a far greater triumph than her previous acting gave pro mise of. Here she depicted what was but the wreck of the woman who had been her hus band's evil genius instead of his better angel. The face was pale aud haggard and deeply ploughed with lines ; her immo vable eyes had the glassy stare of the somnam bulist. Nover once throughout the entire scene was the illusion dispelled by change of facial expression or twinkling of the eyes that this tman, who had made shipwreck of her happiness, was in reality performing one of those strange acts to which our poor nature is subjected through uukuown influences. Touching in the extreme were tho whispered raviugs of the mind iufected ; tbo rehearsal of crimes with which she was associated, and the penetrating sighs over the blood polluted hand not to be sweetene! again by all the per fumes of Arabia. The scene certainly was the climax iu the tragedy, from an acting point of view, and had the effect of arousing the hitherto frigid admiration of the audience. Mist Ward was twice recalled and greeted with a perfect storm of applause. In Mr. W. II. Vernon's hands Macbeth fell somewhat into the back ground, not bat what his acting was good and bis conception of the part deserving of recognition. Wherein lie felH Bhort of requirements was in having an im perfect voice. It is a resonant organ, bnt not sufficiently flexible. A certain hardness per vaded its tones, and this was the secret why the audienoe did not warm up to Ids otherwise excellent representation. Mr. Vernon is ad mirable as an actor, and is most painstaking. Ho was letter perfect in the text, which he has studied to some purpose. The broad outlines of the part were sketched with skill, but in minute touches it was wanting the impress of a complete mastery of the conception. His strongest points were made when; fear and terror had to be exhibited, and therefore in the murder and banqnet scenes he Was seen to greatest advantage. The famous soliloquy to the air drawn dagger was finely delivered, and his acting throughout gave Mr. Vernon the opportunity of showing that without boing ranked as a star, bo can give an intelligible and really commendable re presentation of a great character. Macdaff found a good exponent in Mr. J. R. Steele, and Mr. W. H. Leake's Banquo was also worthy of praise. The minor parts were fairly well sustained, though not as perfectly as they should have been. Very appropriately, special attention was given to the supernatural element, the witches playing no unimportant part in this tragedy. Mr. G. Leitch. Mr. H. Taylor and Mr. H. Daniels represented the weird sisters, who first distract Macbeth's mind on the blasted heath, where they instil into his mind those fatal oracles whicli are fulfilled after the shedding of so much blood. Lock's musia was also given, Mr. E. C. Calvert sustaining Hecate, and Miss Docy Stewart, Miss Alma Santon, Miss Nelly Bilton appear ing as the singing witches. The stage acces sories were unusually effective, and the per formance as a whole was the most elaborate setting of .Macbeth that haB been attempted by the present management. There wm a disturbing element in Saturday night's perform ance which the management made no effort to check, and that proved anything but a fitting accompaniment to the proceedings on the Btage. It appears that - tiie medical students had stormed the gallery in force, and hung out a large flag in black and white bear ing a death's head and cross bones. Tim demonstration was organised as a greeting to Miss Ward, but it was accompanied with so much irrelevant noise, that the compliment must have been Badly discounted. 