Dorothy Forster.* By Walter Besakt. «- \ou have put us in the Haunted Chamber, Dorothy,' said Lady Crewe. ' It was there that Sir Claudius died. When I was a child I looked every day after dark for his ghost. But it never came. Yes, Blanchland is a strange, ghostly place. The people used to speak of terrible things.' The Biehop gave her his hand. 'Come, my dear/' he said, ' I engage to drive away any ghosts that come to disturb your sleep.' Nathaniel, Lord Crewe, of Stene, in Northamptonshire) and Bishop of Durham, was at this time 77 years of age, which we rightly consider a very great age indeed. There were in him, however, none of the infirmities of age ', his walk was as firm, his eye was as clear, his voice as vigorous, his seat on horseback as steady as in most men at 50. In appearance he was most singular, For he wore his own hair, and not a wig ; this was long and abundant, and perfectly white ; on his upper lip was a Btnall whisker or moustache ; he always had upon his head a little velvet cap ; he was in person tall and spare ; in his carriage he stooped somewhat, a fine scholarly habit, as caused by much reading and meditation ; his eyes were black and piercing ; his nose was straight and clear ; his lips 'were set firm ; and bis chin was long and pointed. Those who have seen the portrait of Charles X. may be informed that Lord Crewe's face some what resembled that of the sainted monarch. He was a younger son of Lord Crewe, of Stene, in Nor thamptonshire, bnt, by the death of his elder brothers, he succeeded, in his 50th 'year, to the title. He was, in early life, a distinguished scholar of Lincoln College, Oxford, and was elected a Fellow of that venerable Foundation during the Protectorate, but declared for Crown and Hierarchy in 1660. He was made Rector of his College, Dean of Chichester, and Clerk of the Closet to King Charles II. In the year 1671 he was consecrated Bishop of Oxford, and two years later was translated to the See of Durham, which~he held for 50 years, the longest episcopate, I believe, in the history of the Church of England. No one. is ignorant that this prelate incurred great odium during the reign of King James II. for his support of that monarch's measures. I am not obliged to defend or to accuse hiB action while he was on the Ecclesiastical Com miEBion, and to those who charge him with the prosecution of Dr. Samuel Johnson, or the Vice-Chancellor of Cam* bridge, with his famous offer to attend publicly the entry of the Pope's Nuncio into London, and with his conduct in the case of Magdalen College, Oxford,* the writer has nothing at all to cay, because she is a simple woman, and these things are too high for her. It is true that in 1688 he was exempt from pardon, and had to take flight across the seas ; yet, which shows (hat his enemies had nothing they could bring home to him, he presently came back and remained un molested until his death, that is to say, for 25 years. He was so good a man, and of so truly kind a heart that one cannot ralieve he ever did or said a wrong thin**;. Certainly he never changed bis principles, upholding Divine light and . the lawful succession of the Stuarts, and making* no secret of his doctrines. As becomes a bishop, however, he took no active share in the affaire of the parly, except in this very year of grace, namely 1710, whenhe opposed the pro secution of Dr. Sacheverell. And his hist words to his chaplain when he died, toll of yean, in 1722, were, ' Re member, Dick, never go over to the other side.' As for his -wealth, he possessed as Lord Crewe his estates and the ancestral seat of Etene, Iwith other manors and houses, in Northamptonshire. As Lord Bishop of Durham he enjoyed the revenues and powers of a Prince Palatine, with six Bplendid castles, including Durham, Auckland, and Norham, and eight great houses. He mostly kept his Court (for trulv it was little less) at Durham, where he entertained in the year 1677 the unfortunate Duke of Mon month, on his way to the north. A magnificent prelate, indeed ; with the courage to declare and uphold his opinions; splendid in his carriage, his language, his dress, ana in the liveries ot his servants; one who ruled himself, his house* hold, and his diocese with a firm 'band; -who spent freely, yet adminstered prudently ; was affable'to all except to those who would dispute his authority or his rank. ' ' 'And now, Tony,' said Tom, when they were gone, «- we cannot sing with a bishop in the house; but we can drink. The lemons, brave boy, and the whisky. Methinkn her ladyship means well.' 'So well,' said Mr. Hilyard, 'that your Honor hath but to defer to her opinions and tout fortunes will be higher even than I looked for. As for myself ,-' here he sighed, and looked miserable for the space of three and a half rum mers of 'punch, when he cheered up and said that if starva tion was Before him all the more reason for enjoying the present moment, and that of all the choice gifts of Heaven ? that of whisky punch was certainly the one for which mankind should be most grateful. While he ' discoursed upon ite merits I left them, and to bed. . Chapter IX.-A HUNTING PARTY. ; It has been pretended that the. party of this day was one of the earliest attempts made by Mr. Forster the Younger towaids making himself the leader of. the cause in the North. On the contrary, he had as yet no thought at all about leading. The gentlemen .came together for no other purpose than to meet the Bishop (many of them being Catholics, who could only see him on some such occasion) and .Lord Der wentwater, and the meeting was especially 'summoned to enable these two to meet one another. Among those who came to the meeting were many of the gentlemen who five years afterwards; to their undoing, took up arms for the Prince. Most of them lay at Hexham overnight and came Ovet the Moor in the morning. It was a gallant sight, indeed, to see the. gentlemen riding into the quadrangle, and giving their horses to the dooms, while they said their respects to Lady Crewe, who was already dressed, early as it was, and 'received them with a kindly welcome which pleased all. The Bishop, she said, begged to be excused at that early hour ; he would meet his friends in the evening. Meantime breakfast or luncheon was spread with cold . pasties, spiced beef, game, and beer for all who chose. They were a hearty and hungry crew. One cannot but remember with what goodwill they trooped in, and how they made the sirloins of beef to grow small, the pastiesto vanish, and the birds to disappear, except their bones ; also with what cheerfulness they exhorted each other to fill up and drink again. They had a day's hunting before them. Surely a man may eat* and drink who is going out for six or eight hours a horseback across Hexhamshire Common. It was a pretty sight, certainly, when they had finished, to see them mount in the great quadrangle, with the shbnting of the younger men — ah! King Solomon's medicine of the merry heart!— and eo off, trooping through the bl3 gateway out upon the open moor, whither the hunts man had taken the hounds. I, who seldom rode, went with them on this day. Beside me rode Lord Derwentwater, brave in scarlet, as were his brothers. But he was grave and even sad* ' I cannot bat think, Miss Dorothy,' he said, ' that it is a strange thing for us to laugh and shout while our business is to talk of treason, according to the law of the lanl. When will treason become loyalty and rebellion fidelity to the Kin?? Then there arose a great yo-hoing and shouting, and the fox was found, and, we all rode after it. About that day's hunting it needs not to speak much, It was a long ran. Tom, with Charlie Badclise, was in at the death, and they gave me the creature's brush. As for Lord Derwentwater, he left not my side, being more concerned to talk with me than to gallop after the. hounds. Certainly he never was a keen fpxhunter, his ideas of the hunt being taken from ? The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by Ite proprietors of the 6]fineg Mail, France, where, aslehath told me, the party ride down lanes or allies, in a great forest, aften* a wild boar or a stag, the aides of (he lanes being lined with rustics to prevent the boar from taking shelter in the wood. But he owned that our epott was moio manly. This was a pleasant, nay, a delight ful ride for me, seeing as I did in the eyes of his Lordship those signs of admiration which please the hearts of all women alike, whether they be confident of their beauty or afraid that they possess no charms to fix the affections of inconstant man. Perhaps we guess very readily what most we desire; at this time (let me confess and own without ehame what need not be concealed) I had begun to desira one thing very much ; that is to say, I understood very well that the happiest woman in the world would be she _ to whom this younggentleman would give the priceless blessing of his love. This made me watchful of his speech and looks; and enabled me, young and inexperienced as I was, to read very well the confession made by eyes full of ad miration, though no word at all was spoken. No gentleman in the world had better eyes or sweeter than Lord Derwent water, and no man's love I knew very well was more to be desired ; and, innocent and ie*norant as we were, neither of us, at that time, considered the difficulties in the way. Poor Dorothy! Some of the elder gentlemen remained behind, and sat all the morning to talk with Lady Crewe, once their toast and charming beauty, still beautiful and gracious as a great lady should be. Every woman likes, I suppose, to feel that men remember the beauty of her youth. It ia a fleeting thing, and we are told that, like all earthly things, it is a vanity. Nevertheless, it is a vanity which pleases for a lifetime, end, like understanding in a man, it may be used, while it lasts, for great purposes. Lady Crewe knew well how to use her beauty and charm of words as well as of face, in order to lead men whithersoever she would. This is a simple art, though few women understand it, being nothing more or less than-to make each man think the thing which he most desiresto pelieve true, namely, that he occupies wholly the thoughts, hopes, interest, and sympathy of the woman who would lure him and lead him. ' It :*s not love,' said Mr. Hilyard once, ' so much as vanity, which leads the world. Dalila conquered Samson by playing upon his pride of strength. Cleopatra overcame Antony by acknowledging the irresistible charm of a hero.' So Lady Crewe, by coaxiner, flattering, making men feel happy and proud of themselves (since they would pleass eo great end gracious a lady), in a word, by charming men, could do with them what she pleased. Of course it need not be said that there could be no question of gallantry with this stately dame, the wife of the great Lord Crewe. Certainly not ; yet all men were her slaves. Some time between 10 and 11 in the forenoon, the party being all ridden, forth, my Lord the Bishop came out from his chamber, dressed and ready for the duties of the day. At so advanced a stage of life, one must, I suppose, approach each day, which may be the last, slowly ana care fully fortified before the work of the day begins with food, prayer, and meditation. His Lordship looked older in the morning than in the evening ; yet not decayed. Though the lines and crow's feet of age lay thickly upon his face, so that it was seamed and scarred by a thousand waving lines, his eye was as bright and his lips as firm as if he were but 40 or 50. After a little discourse with the gentlemen who had remained behind, he sent immediately for Mr. Hilyard. He, to say the truth, waer by no means anxious for the interview, and had shown, ever since this party was pro posed, a singular desire to avoid the Bishop, proposing a hundred different pretexts for his absence. First, his Lordship, with great show of politeness, of which he was perfect master, begged Mr. Hilyard to show him the ruins and remains of this strange place, which our steward very willingly did, hoping, as will be seen, to stave - off the questions which he feared. Presently, after talk about the Premonstratensian Friars (this was the learned name of the monks who were murdered, but why they had so long a name or what it means, I know not, nor need we inquire into the superstitious reasons for such a name}, and after considering the quadrangle and the ancient Gate Tower, they turned into the graveyard', where were the ruins of the chapel. Here they talked of Gotbicarcbitectixre, a subject on which, asonso many other things, Mr. Hilyard '?was well versed, and the Bishop, after lamenting the ruin cf so beautiful a place, said that be could not suffer whole JemUles thus to grow up in heathendom with eo fair a chapel waiting but a roof, and that he should take order therefor. ' |ls for you, sir,' he said to Mr. Hilyard, ' you S9em to be possessed, of some learning. Tou have studied, I perceive, the architecture of bur churches ?' 'iijkmy humble way, my Lord, I have read such books on the .subject as have fallen into my hands.' v*:A'pd you are not unacquainted with the ancient disposi tion? of monasteries, it would seem?'' ' Afeo in iny ?small way, my,Lord ; and with such chances of observation as I have obtained.' ? Then the Bishop seated himself upon, a fallen stone in the. corner of die tower, where he was sheltered from the ^nd, and when the sunshine fell, and fixed upon Mr. .Hilyard his eyes, which were Use the eyes of a hawk for clearness, and more terrible for sternness than the eyes of a lion, and said, .' Then, sir, let me ask : Who are you?' ' MyjLoid, my name, at your Lordship's service, is Antbnyflilyard.' ? ' So :much I know. And for ten years, or thereabouts, in the service of the Foretere. Now, sir, I meddle not with affairs which belong not to me, therefore when Mr. Thomas Forster of Etheretone received you as my nephew's tutor, I made no inquiry. Again, when 1 heard through her ladyship, that the tutor instead of. becoming a chaplain, as is generally his laudable ambition, became a steward, I made no inquiry, bacans9, tutor or steward, your affairs seemed to concern me not at all. , But, in view of the singular affection which my lady -hath conceived .for her nephew, her hopes for his future, and her designs as regards his inheritance, I cin no longer suffer him to remain under the influence of men about whose character I know nothing. Doubtless, sir, you are honrst. My nophew and his sister swear that you are honfst.' ? ' I hope so, my Lord.' . 'It is certain that you have, whether for purposes of your own or not, acquired such an influence over both my nephew and my niece that I must come to an understand ing. 'Sou einjr, act, and play the Merry Andrew when he has his friends about him; you manage his household and keep his accounts ; you have taught the young lady to Bfagvplay music, read French, and other things, which, as my lady is assured, are all innocent and desirable accom plishments. We have also learned that you were engaged upon a salary or wage of thirty pounds a year, you have never received any of that money, save a guinea here and therefor clothing. Now, sir, I judge not beforehand, but you may be, for aught I Enow, a *»le Whig, endeavouring to instil into an honest mind pernicious opinions; or you n:ay be one of those secret plotters who are the curse of our party, end lure on gentlemen ~to their destruction; or you may t-e, which is not impossible, a Jesuit on some secret service. So, Bir, before we go any further, you will tell' me who and what you are— whose son, where born and brought up— of what Btock, town, religion Y' ' For my birth, my Lord, I am of London ; for my reli gion, I am a Protestant and humble servant of the Church ; for my origin, my father was a vintner, with a tavern in Barbican? for my education, it *was at St. Paul's School, where I got credit for some scholarship, and'— here he -bowed his head, and looked guilty — 'at Oxford in your Lordship's own College of Lincoln.' 'Go on, sir.' For here Mr. Hilyard showed signs of -the greatest distress, and began to cough, to hem, to blow his nose, and to wipe his brow. ' Go on, sir, I command.' 'I cannot deny, my Lord— nay, I confess— though it coet me the post I hold and drive me out into the world— that I concealed from Mr. Forster the reasons why I left Oxford without a degree. I hope that your Lordship will consider my subsequent conduct to have in some measure mitigated the offence.' ' What was the reason ?' ' My Lord, I was expelled.' The Bit-hop nodded his head as terrible as great Jove. 'So, sir,' he said, while the unlucky man trembled before him, ' you ware expelled. This is truly an excellent recommendation for a tutor and teacher of young gentlemen. Pray, sir, why this punishment ?' 'My Lord,' the poor man replied in great confusion, « suffer me of your patience to explain that from my child hood upwsriis I have continually been afflicted— affliction must I needs call that which hath led to the ruin of my hopes— with the desire of mocking, acting, and imper fonating ; also with the temptation to write verses, whether in Latin or in English ; and with the love of exciting the laughter and mirth of my companions. So that to hold up to derision the usher while at school, which caused me often to be soundly switched, was my constant joy, even though I bad afterwards to cry, because my tellows laughed at the performance. Or I was acting and rehearsing for their delight some passage from Dryden, Shafcspeare, or Ben Jonson, which I had seen upon the stage.' ' In plain language, sir, thou wast a common buffoon.' ' Say, rather, my Lord, with submission, an actor— histtio. Koscius was rather my model than the Roman mime/' ' As thou wilt, sir. Go on.' ' Your Lordship cannot but remember that at every public act the Terra*. Filius, or Son of the Soil, after the Proctor, hath pernmsion to ridicule, or to hold up to derision, or to eatiripe— — ' M .. ??Man,' cried the Bishop,' I had partly guessed it. Thou wert, then, a Terras Filius.' ' My Lord, it is most true.' Ihe Bishop's face lost ite severity. He laughed while Mr. Hihard stood before him trembling, yet a little reas sured. For, to say the truth, he expected nothing but instant dismiesaL - «? Ihe Terr-© Filius,' said the Bishop. ' There were many of them, but few ot much account. Soin9 were coaree, eome were ill-bred, some were rustic, some were rude —here and there one was witty. The heads and tutors loved better the coarse than the witty. Ay, ay. They ex pelled Tom Pittie when 1 was a Bachelor, and they made Lancelot Addkon, afterwards Dean of Lichfield, beg pardon on his knees. . So, sir, you were the licensed jester of the University ? An honourable post, forsooth ! ' ' It was not bo much, my Lord,' Mr. Hilyard went on, 'for my jests before the University, as for certain verses which were brought home to me by the treachery of a man who— But that does not concern your Lordship.' ' Of what kind were the verses P ' ' They were of a satirical kind.' Mr. Hilyard pulled out his pocket-book, in which he kept memoranda, receipts, bills, and so forth. ' If your Lordship would venture to look at them. I keeD always by me a copy to remind me of my sin.' He found a worn and thumb-marked sheet of printed paper. ?? In Latinity they have been said to have a touch of. Martial or Ausonius, at his best — but I may not boast.' He placed the' verses in the Bishop's hands, and waited, with a look of expectant pride rather ?than of repentance ; he was no longer a confessing sinner, or a jester Drought to Ehame; but, rather, a poet waiting for his patron's verdict of praise or blame. The Bishop read ; the Bishop smiled ; then the Bishop laughed. 'The matter, truly, is most impudent, and richly de- eerved punishment. The style, doubtless, deserved rewaid. And for this thou wast expelled ? ' ' Mv letters recommendatory, my Lord, made no mention of the* thing. Indeed, they were all written for me by thoEe scholars who were my friends and companions.' 11 Well, sir, it is done, and I suppose that you have repented often enough. For so good a scholar might have aspired to the dignities of the Church. It is an old tale ; for a moment's gratification, a lifelong sorrow. You laughed as a bov, in order that you might cry as a man. You might have* become fellow, dean, tutor, even master ; rector of a country living, canon, prebendary, archdeacon or even— bishop. There are, in these times, when gentle men fly from the Church, many bishops on the bench of so better origin than your own. You are steward to a country gentleman ; keeper of farm and . household ac counts'; fellow- toper when his Honor is alone; jester when he hath company.' - ~ 'I know it, my Lord,' replied Mr. Hilyard, humbly. V I am Mr. Forster's servant. Yet, a faithful .servant.' - ?'? I know nothing to the contrary. Why have you not, during these six years, asked for the money promised at the outset ?.' ?',Oh, my Lord— consider — I am. under obligation*- of gratitude to a most kind and generous master and a most considerate mistress. They subsist, though his Honor would not like it stated eo plainly, on the bounty of your Lordship and my lady. Should I presume to take for my self what was meant for his Honor ? ' Ihe Biehop made no reply for a while, but looked earnestly into his face. ' Either thou art a very honest fellow,' he said, at length, ' or thou art a practised courtier.' ??? No courtier, my Lord.' ' I. believe not. Now, sir, I think it will be my duty to adviee her ladyship that no change need be made. But further inquiry must be made. Continue, therefore, for the present, in thy duties. And, for the salary, I will Bee that thouloEe nothing.'.' \- He then began (o ask, in apparently a careless manner, about the manner of our daily life, hearing' -how Tom spent his days in shooting and so forth, and showed no desire Re reading, yet was no fool and -ready to receive information ; how the hospitality of the Manor House,, though not so eplendid ass that of its late owner, was abundant, and- open to all who came, and so forth:; to all of which the Bishop listened, as great men use — namely, as if these small thing's are of small importance, yet it is well to know them, and that, being so small, it is not necessary to express ah opinion upon them. ' I hear,' he said, ' that certain agitators continue to go about the country. Do they come here ? ' Mr. Hilyard replied that Captain Gascoigne and Captain Talbot had been to the North that year, but that Mr. Forster was not, to his knowledge, in correspondence with them. . ' \- *' It is important,*' said the Bishop, ' that no steps be taken for the present. There are reasons of State.- See that -you encourage no such work. I take it that my nephew is popular, by reason of a frank character and generous hand, such as the Forsters have always displayed, rather than by learning or eloquence.' ' Your Lordship is right. If I may presume to point Out a fault in my Patron ? ' 'Whatisit?' ' It is his inexperience. He hath never, except to Cam bridge, gone beyond his own county. Therefore he may be easily imposed upon, and led— whither his friends would not wish him to go.' To this the Bishop made no reply, but tell into a medita tion, and presently rose and left Mr. Hilyard among the nuns. ' ? - ? ' I expected,' eaid Mr. Hilyard, when he fold me of this discourse, ''nothing short of an order to be picking. Nothing shoit of that would do, I thought, for a man who had been expelled the University for holding tip the Seniors to derision. Alas!. I have been a monstrous fool. .Yet I doubt not I should do it again. When wit is in, wisdom is out. There was a man of whom I once read, he might have caved hfs life could he have refrained his tongue. Bat he could not.- Therefore, he said his epigram and was hanged, happy in the thought that his bon mot would be rememberedV Like good actions, good eayings live and ' bear fruit beyond the tomb. My satire on the Senior Proctor- the Bishop laughed at it. Think you that many Bishops in the future wm not also laugh at it?' ' Is it so very comical, Mr. Hilyard, that it would make me laugh? For, you know, my sex are not so fond of laughing as your own.' He replied, a little disconcerted, that the chief points of his satire lay in the Latin, whiah I could not understand. \- The* business of the day, namely, the conversation between Lord Derwentwater and Lord Crewe; took place in the evening, after dinner. Our guests were divided Into two eets, one of which consisted of the older and more important gentlemen present, and the other of the younger sons. The Fatter spent their evening in the kitchen under the refec tory, where they were perfectly happy, if the noiBB of sing ing and laughing denotes happiness.- I saw Tom's face grow melancholy as he sat between Lord Crewe on his left and Lady Crewe on his right, listening to discourse oh grave and serious matters, while all this merriment went on below. Strange it was to see at the same table an English Bishop and a Catholic Earl. When the servants were gone, Tom rose in his place and reminded his friends that they were assembled there in oider to afford an opportunity for a conference between Lord Crewe, the Biehop of Durham, on the one hand, and Lord Derwentwater, with the honest gentlemen of the county, on the other. This conference being happily arranged, they would remind each other that they had with them the moat venerable of the party, one who could remember Noll Cromwell himself, and had voted for King and Bishops before Charles the Second came back. With which, words he asked them to drink to the Prince. 