"Hfr* seen one of , ,' 1 said. *** Signc* Antonio.* O, the Italiano. Yes, it' was him as lent Spotty forme.' «* Spotty I' I exclaimed. The gentleman as come with, me in the boat It was a bit of kindness I shan't fotgetin a hurry. So the Italians came to •eeyou!' . "'Yes, and has stud ever so many pretty things abont you/ • * f fie seemed a little surprised at tins, and MaiO* 4 Well, I shouldn't have-thought it; ' I»ut perhaps I're been mistook in him.* " *He is a gentleman.' I said. ««lBhe? Well, you're the best judge of that; and Til be guided by you, my dear. If you say the Italiano's a gentleman, a gentleman he is and must be. But for a real , out-and-out gentleman, a regular tip-topper, *£. Horace stands alone, and if you aon't ®FBO When you see him, you te'M surprise " Thii, my dear Dave, •will give you a Ptetty good idea of the conversation between «ne and my daddy in the state-room. 1 can't *rrite everything down; it would take me all •sight. . When we got on deck my daddy went up to Cwtain Simpson, and said, " * My Peggy's been telling me of how kind you've all been to her aboard this ship. I'm iRnoommonly grateful to you.* . Ab, that she would be' said my -^addy, very proudly; 'there ain't many like u '•She's one in a thousand,' said Captain (Simpson, shaking hands with me, and when sbe takes a trip to old England I hope she'll engage a berth in the Pride of the South.' 1 promise you, captain,' I said. "Just then a little incident occurred. There had been a testimonial got up to Captain Simpson for his kindness to thepassengets, ana for having made such a wonderful trip. ' We had all signed oar names to it, and haa subscribed a purse of eighty pounds with "which Captain Simpson was requested to buy a gold watch or a piece of plate as a memorial of the voyage. A gentleman came forward to present this testimonial, and anum- )ber of the passengers were present to show ' their respect Hearing what was to be done, Captain Simpson asked the passengers into ; the saloon. As we went, my daddy got the particulars of the aSair from me, and asked me how much I had subscribed, and I told Tiim one sovereign. You may guess how surprised I was, when the names of the subscribers were read oat, to find that my name was down for fifty one pounds. My daddy had Quietly given the treasurer fifty pounds for me towards the subscription. Everybody looked at me, of course, and I became : quite a great personage. I -was both glad and sorry. Glad because it was a proof that my daddy had plenty of money ana was inclined to be liberal with it, and sorry because I would rather have had the fifty pounds in my pocket, I didn't like to see my daddy throw away bis money like that. " My daddy had been busy in other ways, .too. The boat he and hiB friend c&] led 'i Spotty had come in was being decorated with .flies. "'We'll row you ashore,' he said tome, ' as if you was a queen. And my Peggy is \- one—e^ good as the best that ever wore a •crown.' "I most not omit to tell you what took 'place with respect to Madge. My daddy asked me about her, and when he heard that \- die was my maid, and that I was very fond of her, he is so extraordinarily and effusively grateful to everybody that X say a good word for that I believed heweuld have kissed Madge if die had let him. When we were in the boat rowing ashore I was very grateful myself, I can tell you, to think that the first meeting was over, and that everything had \- passed off S3 well. 1 don't mind confessing now that I had often been very nervous wheti I looked forward to this meeting. I feel pretty bold at present, and perhaps it is •quite as well that my daddy is an ignorant and common person. Unless appearances are very deceitfnl I shall be aide to twist •him round my little finger. I am safe for some time at all events. Not a soul in the place knows me* and it isn't at all likely that 1 shall meet any one in this outlandish country who will claim acquaintanceship .with me. " It was an exceedingly agreeable water trip from the ship to the shore, and L should like one such every day; for what did my (laddy do presently but poll out of his pocket what 1 knew the moment I saw it to be a jewel case, "'Take off your gloves, mv dear,* he said, and I did do with considerable expectation. "Then from the jewel case he took three of the loveliest diamond rings you ever saw, and by good luck they fitted me. When I kissed him for them he was pleased at first, but the moment afterwards he looked grave. "'I don't want you to love me for the presents I give you,' he said; * it might make Mr. Horace's words come true, though he was only joking.' "'What was it the gentleman said?' I asked. "'That a man could make any woman love him if he gave her plenty of diamonds and silk dresses, and such-like things.' "' He must Dn a very disagreeable gentleman,' £ said, * and can know veiy little of women. I think I had best begin to hate . him at orxe.' "' Ah,' said my daddy, * but you musn'tdo that. He was making fun of me because I was afraid that my little Peggy wouldn't be able to love a common man like me. No, you mustn't hate him; I never knew a man so fond as he is of saying things he don't , believerin.' " But I made up my mind, for all that, to hate this Mr. Horace. I took the rings off my fingers(feeling almost sick as I did so at the thought that they might never come back), ana offered them to my daddy. "' I don't want them,' I said;' Ionly want \you to love me.' "He looked as if he was going crazy for joy. • f * Put them on again, quick,' he said, 'or I shall be afraid you are angry with me. don't deserve such happiness, and when I dreamt that it might be I hardly dared to believe it. But it's come true, and I'm the happiest man living this bright morning! Here, my girl'—and he pulled out a diamond bracelet that made me turn as white as a ghost and then as red as a poppy, it was such a magnificent affair—' this is for you, and there s other things at home waiting for you. Ifo lady in the land shall be better dressed than you, or shall have finer diamonds than you. It'll make me proud and happy to see you wearing them. God love you, Peggy— my Peggy, my own little girl that I've never left off thinking of! All my good luck is for you, and you're the best bit of luck of all P "And now X must positively leave off writing. Pm regularly tired out, after this exciting da,y, and Bhall sleep like a top." A goat ought Co he first-class material tor oleomargarine- There is no better batter than the is the poetry of motion^" said the editor, as Ue shied a bundle of very blank Terse into the •waste basket. "A. curiosity huntei" would like to get some moss from the lock of a cradle, and a rafter from the of a mouth. "We find that the deceased came to his death by 'Calling Tom Watfings B liar." Business-like verdict ©f an Idaho Jury. An Kmorald Islander, on admiring a beautiful cemetery, obserred that he considered it a healthy place-to be buried in. . The wise man studies his fellow-man; the fool has no time to study others; hfeeatirs energies are best ©ndigplaying his own folly. Xhe latest aesthetic slang the ladies use when reprovingtberr admiring gentlemen friends is— " You flatter too awfnlly perfectly much." "Got on JOB husband's cravat, havn't you?' Oskeda neighbour of Mrs. Bilkins. " Yes" replied IB. B.. sadly," It's the only tie there is between us now. A woman was offered 81,000 if she would remain ssient lor two boms. At the end of fifteen minutes sheasked, "Isn't the time nearly upT and thus Xhe old. gentleman who epent a fortune in endeavouring to hatch colts from horse chesnuts is s s r « piant witu * to »«•* Xhe Director of a matrimonial agency in Paris says the young girls ask only, "Who is he r—the yountr WWOWB, ; «ha* ia his position?*—the old widows, "Where is he™ " What have yon been doing ranee I last saw you?' I've been attending acourseof free lectures." "A coarse of free lectures? " Ves, I was married a week alter we parted." At the opera to Dublin a gentleman sarcastically asked a man standing up in front of him if he was aware he was opaque. The other denied the alls- .gation, and said he was O'Brien. The poet who declared that " Curfew shall not ting to-night," was correct. It did not ring, it merely "told the knell of parting day." It's not often that a poet gets things as near right as that. A little girl, bearing Tier mother observe to another lady that she was going into half-mourning, enquired whether any of her relations were halfdead. DSRLESS BEKEVOIENCE.—An old lady somewhere out of town is reported to have given alms to a beggar. Why didn't she give him A Irishman was sainted with the remark— Tim, your house is blown away." "Deed, mypocket. then, it isn t, he answered, " for I have the key in fife had a very rubicund face, suggestive of a dissipated life. As he was walking up the street a gentleman remarked, "That fellow is so hishly coloured that he reminds me of a chromo." "^He reminds me more of an engraving than a chromo," remarked a bystander. "How so r "Well, you eee. an engraving always has a glass in front of it, aaa a chromo. hasn't." A little girl eat her dinner with so good an appe. tite that by the time dessert was placed on the table she could eat so wore. She sat silent and sorrowful, and looked mournfully at the dainties which lay piled on her plate. " Why don't you cat, my darling T asked her fond and anxious mother. "Ob, irammai" cried the disconsolate infant, "becatjee-oflly my eyes are hungry." 