Cross Cut Saw Frame. THIS arrangement looks as though it might ibo uso ful. The log is arranged on supports at one end of the base, and at tho othor end bf tho base* is an upright frame fitted with guido groove's, in whioh tho i head of tho saw frame can bo shiftod up and down when it beoomos necessary to raiso or lower the Baw I guides for altering tho height of the saw, and'can bo secured in any position by a bolt and nut. Attaohod to the rear uprights are braces, extending upward and forward, to bo employed for staying the logB by dogs. The bars for the support of the rails are pivoted to the braces at a point a little short of where the log rests. These bars shown at oj in tho small figure, are connected by stays, and between their forward ends is a vertical bar provided with a Blot in which a saw is free to rise and fall-. Tho saw is connected at tho ond whioh runs in tho\ guides to tho axle of the whools, c, by tho notched handle, d, and tho rod, e, whioh is pivoted at jr, and seoured to the upper end of the handle by a ring, /, BO that by slipping the ring off the upper end of the handle the rod may bo swung back to allow the saw to be set up or down as required. -Tho handle ex- tends up between the upper bars of the guides for holding tho saw in a vortical plane. < The whéôla run between rails, 6, on the guides. This invention has boen patented in America by Mr. Andrew Bohooloy, of Litchfield, N.Y. They say that Carlyle's _ ghost, arrayed in white, haunts Chelsea at the twilight nour, and recently aßked a little.girl for "a penn'orth o' tobacco." That Carlyle Bhould walk, after the manner in ¡which ho has been treated by Froude, is not surprising ; but it might be supposed that, instead of asking for tobaooo, he would have made a grim demand for his biographer. The following curious advertisement has appeared in a Pesth newspaper:-To please my wife,-1, the undersigned, declare that from henoeforth I will not put my foot in a cafo or brasserie, and-1 bog my friends and acquaintances never to ask me to fre- quent these. haunts of perdition ; and I authorieo anyone finding me in a cafe to immediately demand from me the sum of 50 florins, whioh will bo given to some public charity.-SIMON. Tho old farm of Horaco Grooly, at Chappaqua, has been sold for 10,000dols, the purohasor being his youngest daughter, Miss Gabriella Greoly. The pro- perty would have fetched a groat deal moro had thero been any competition, but whon Miss Greely bid, aa she wanted the form, nobody would bid against her. Said one old farmer, "Let her have it at her own price." It appears that the farm had to bo sold according to the terms of the willj^and that the neighbouring farmers are proud of this' memorial of the old editor and statesman. This will remind people of a soene in the " Ootoroon." 