ELLEN. f' " But, Bill, it's eighteen months now since you heard from the-girl. , She may be spliced to potato triner in her native village by , anyd not giving the gold miner 10,000 i;..-. away a secona thought." . -*No fear, Ebl there's no go 'back in Etlen. You don't know her. -She'll stick to a me like cement, and when I get this thou sad-ouncer. which is waiting somewhere for f me to unearth, I'll cnt straight for home and Hlen." - " Yes your style to a hair. You're just dead shook on that girl. Every prospect ei wah is for Ellen. You pick and shovel, rsdae and pan-all for Ellen. Now,, wr:in't yon carl up and snarl if some other bloke stepped in and sneaked her off?". " There's no need to trouble about what I d, bieauae I'm just as sure of her as if I I ?ild her by my side. all these months. So lei's close the subjects and go and .ee what's ' maring at Mac's." . ",A'rinht. I'm.siek o': this-oolin', an- i how. ;We're fact matea, whatever. comnes, a ft, old boy!., . ' - : ,.- . , - c "Weare, Eb." : . - . - .. - * ' , k And trne friendship was in the firm clasp. ' of their hands and the glint of their eyes as" :he words were poken. William Wright,'the elder of the two, a aiL handsome young Englishman, had left teoldeonontry threeyears previously.reckon c. on winning a fortune out hele, and re uriicr again to his sweetheart in.about deihraen months. A short experience had 'taiht him the fallacy of his calculation,. 5 bc: if perseveranc" and hard work could i hive won anccesS he would soon.have been u'Wk homne wealthy; for; as Eb said, he du?z hauled, and washed .with. the re ebjec- in view, that every once.of- gold brocuht him nearer to the brown- haired itt:ie las who had sworn constaniy to him m a hedred times before his departure. -He si =ot received a letter from herfor eighteen a oanths, although he had written .every h, =ii : abu he knew that letters went astray c : often as not, and reaissred himself with c the fact. His mate, Eb Shaw. was a light-hearted at o-aet fellow, described by the diggers as the It iue grit. He was not a colonial, but had hi ivel so long in Victoria that he called him- at elf oce, and was proud of it. He followed to he digginos for love of the rollicking, th dvil-may-care life. uis father was a farmer t a the old country, and had tried his hardest r o keep him to agricultural pursuits. without SI rail: for the young man looked with coni at :empt on that slow hum- dram life iad its AN i-r-vandinCa. He arid Bill had met ini Mel-. tOrnm . and after a short acquaintance hail' ripped hands and sworn eternal brother. ait!, and had started for the diggings to. 6f cthbor. hi "What d'ye think, Bil!" aid Eb the I1 erenino after the conrersation narrated. ?n " The 'lat's off it's head. Bildy's run out of P sap, and you can't.buy a drop.of'hair oil r .fr love or money. Old Mac's goin' to get tf a lb-maid. a regular high-flier, .from Tel. bl bozrne. There's enterprise for you." se '" Eh" said Bill, in surprise. li "A barmaid. A real live thing in petti. st cras, with her own hair and teeth. By ah Ji3no! I must biy a clean shirt" hi " Nonsense, man I What woman y'ould le -nme among this crowd! Why, there isn't P1 Lother female on the flat." "Isn't there? What do youn allf ary h acmurty ? If she heard you say that she'd 3or you with herwashboard." bt "Oh, I forgot her. She's so like a man li 0 it the difference is not worth mention hi SWell, the charmer's going to lodge with hi er. Can you cut hair, Bill! Look here, .A rre got enough hair or my head to pad a e a'tress. And I had a whitecolla once. i WThat's become of it?"' "I tied it on a stick. to wash the pi tes with. "You did! Well, I'm cssed ! What's hi aellow going to dress in What's a fellow h: to cover himself p with if yon use his togs t( !or culinary purposes I'm goin' conrtin' tl ne tim, an' I'll want .tat collar. Ton'e E ot a ten-horse cheek, you have." " You'll hare to be. careful, Eb. This Nymph will have you oh her hook in no tie- Yoa are very susceptible." "Ye. so I am. Oh, woman ! lovely wo mn3 ! Grease my boots, Bill." n "'IT1l I! ,Grease your boots yourself. e Your claye boots were always good enough a bhr:e. When's this heart-breaker coming, to cause this flutter!" ' , .. "What' that got to do with yon . She's i my property. Be content with the lovely El?en, and don't fool round what doesn't concern you. I'm.goin' down tp Mac's i now. Comin' ? - . "No,not jstyet. ImighthedQovinan hor or . . . .. fE went off, Enging " My lore she wai a blne- eyed lass," and Bill turned into the tent, to read over e anin the letter which he had received from I1 Ellen eichteen mohths before. Itwas waorn i-t) rquares with being constantly folded t anil urfolded. and the many kisses pressed I zpon it had not preserved it any.- It.was fall of promises ard hopes-promises of ever faithfnl love, and hopes of soon agin having I her bandeome lover by her side. Bill liised j the unconhcious paper, -and put it away i amin: and with his head bowed upon his hands, sat musing of the time when .he Ehould have wealth endugh to go hotee, and bring back a darling wife to the land he had lared to love. All he wished win that t the might live in comfort. Had he never seen her he would not have left hi'home and friends to eek fortune in'a strange land, His every thought was for her and her hap i iness. There was'not one selfish fibre in his whole constitution. She was the idol of his'life 'Throw down that: idol. and life would be an existence not worth living. ' - i About two hours later, as 'he lay.reading an old London iaper'. Eb rushed ii,--and. throwing himself upon his bunk, he-clasp~ed his hands over his heart, and said, in a small "She's come'" " . " Who has come!" asked BilL " Why, the barmaid. Seven stone of solid charms, got up as trim as a .Blue ,Mountain parrot.. And don't she cheek the boys, too.' She uasght Jeff Harris under.the ear with a eorkstrew, 'cause he said he could- knock out any m-aiatwho dared to say hhd:hadn't a etunning pair -of ankles. ,And her.name's. Sally." " - . t .Eb rolled about, and lookedt so comically Emittea that Bill burt .into A hearty laughi.; " Did.on tfrytodoa- btotL o| kllig"'-"he lk.ed. "1 felt too uncommon . sail a? awered Eb. " She's" sch a goy.deceier'; on'snapn a fellowup so that'l had Bc"rcocllek'enongh to order a drink." " "You mnrtn't-be tiackwad, Eb.: Faint heart neveriwon fair lsdy'." . '- "-' .'.- : " Oh i dry up, and go to sleep. Weia till yo sbe her, nd I111.Ist a iottle of Mac's oIan mtake that you'li crow small about your nd rollingiato hias unk, the pairof them were soon saond alcep.: .: ' Bill was least cbncerned of any manin the camp bout .the newoomer. .He knew very well the character of lieidr lss oL women; and it was;mcor for compa~'thian Mythifni " ... · ... . ': :..,? "?n . -:31 -L else.that he followed Eb~next evening to t'Maohon's shanty, orMac',- asu it was cornm; monlyy called. 'It was only reven o'clock; bat the night was black as pitch,tand the rain poured.down .in torrents.., They could hear Yellow, Creek rushing between its banks as they hurried along eager-for ahelter, the foot-bridge--an old tree-being elippery with the rain. _ .. Eb passed into, the well-lighted shanty first,. but Bill.stopped at the door, holding the canvas in, his hand, and his face became ghastly pale as he-saw a. young woman behind the rudely-constructed counter ; she was laughing loudly, and:bandying jests -with.the diggers of a none too delicate cha. rcter.- What innocence had ever shone in her contennance had fled, and she bore the :faded-and brazen look that distinguishes so any'of.ber' clasn..bu'; she was still fair to look upon. For a few moinents Bill stoodin .tb e edoorwiy hisfaceapallid,,and his body te-tibling as though beihad.'s?en a"ghost; then, with' a hollow groin bhe'hrried away into the darkiess.:.Eb passed through into another part of the.shaty;-divided off by a canvas partition, thinking that Bill had fol towed him in. -'Afterabout tea minutes, he came. into the part .used-asa bar, and not oeeing Bill there; asked the. men if he had gone out again. - "He never corned in,mate," said one. 'f What! : Didn't Bill follow me P' asked lb. in surprise. "Never showed his nose inside this shan. ty." answered the man. Eb hurried over to Baldy's, the man who served the diggers with groceries. No Bill there. He was not at theirtent. Eb could find him nowhere, and with a white face and misgiving in his heart, he returned to the ehanty. .All tlhatfearful., night he and two others searched; but ear nothing of the miss in man. TTwas not till seven o'clock next morning that they found his body in Yellow Creek, stark dead. How he-had got there no one knew. Eb's grief knew-no bounds; he kissed the cold face,' and sobbed like a child. -How Bill could- have got into the creek they wondered as they carried him to Iac's. He knew every inch of the country, and could not have come there by accident. It must have been suicide, or the slippery hature of the bridge. As they entered the shanty, the new barmaid was serving a cus tomer. Her eyre rsted for a moment on the dead face, then'with'a shriek she dropped the bottle from her nerveless fingers, and rushing out, fell on her knees by the body. She clasped the face between her hands, and, kissing it madly, murmured-." Willie ! Willie! Willie!" No -need of cbujectdres now; she was his Ellen. Her story assoon fold. Beedming weary of waiting for letters which never- came, she had at length determined to follow her lover. : After some trouble, she -succeeded in getting a- passage third-class. Bad com panions on the ship was the first step to ruin, and by the time she arrived she had fallen. She could get no knowledge of her betrothed in Melbourne, nor in fact did she reek him, for, lost as she was, she could not have faced him. Alone and helpless, in a strange place, she turned to some of her ship companions; their assistance could be had only under certain cireumstances. Bad led to worse, but not being thoroughly de praved, she snucceeded in getting employ ment, which, at any rate, was better than her previous life. \- Sh-eleft 1Olsarhcog;gaen ,ainaee.:ier - burial, and what became of her is a mystery, like so many of the old goldfield romances. Eb also left shortly afterwards, the remem brance of his drowned mate's face haunting him for many years. Whether Willie Wright committed suicide or accidentally fell into the creek is another mystery. It is quite possible the unfortunate fellow may have slipped on the treacherous bridge, and in his despair and utter wretchedness pro bably never even made a strnggle to sare himself. The.-place -where this happened has long ago become a populous mining town, and few are now'`dive who remember the fate of poor Willie, or the fair but frail Ellen.-ausrali2n Tit-Bitr. 