THERE is one difficulty to be guarded against by colonists far more than the threatened approach of small-pox, and that is the dread of contagion-the fear of falling victims to infectious disease. When the ordinary business of life ir mentioned, the importance of preserving the mind calm and self-possessed is im mediately allowed, and surely in any case of sickness the rule is equally, if not infinitely more, important. A remark in Dr. Spencer Thomson's " Dictionary of Medicine " is peculiarly appli. cable in'. the present excited con dition of public feeling. " Fear, the exact opposite from faith," observes that writer, " is one of those depressing agents which always acts unfavourably in cases of confirmed disease, and lays the person open to the attacks especially of contagious or epidemic maladies." The admirable self- control so generally possessed by medical men, and the pro fessional interest which would lead them in the cause of science to gloat over beautiful cases, may unconsciously result in a forgetfulness that persons who have not walked the hospitals are not so strong minded, and that casual words meant in .all good will may produce effects wholly undesigned and unintended. People cannot be urged too plainly and pointedly to a thorough observance of the recognised laws of health, and to go about their work in a calm and fearless spirit. The miserable habit of getting up scares in colonial life is one of the most deplorable, disgusting, and destructive features of the day. It is perfectly true that small-pox is somewhat rife in Lon don, and that the last bill of mortality recorded twenty-seven deaths from that cause in one week. Now let the reader think:-Twenty-seven out of four millions of people, not living over a largo country, but crowded into a few square miles, and let him answer this question - If the twenty-seven could be multiplied by ten, would the excitement in London be half so great as the agitation in the colonies upon the mere supposition of the chance of an epidemic By all means let every reasonable care be taken, and the Government may be commended for promptness in such matters, but let equal care be taken lest the precautions, pro ducing public fear, should result in bringing about the very result, or worse results, colonists are so anxious to guard against. The question of sanitary ad ministration is of the first value in this discussion. It is fairly clear that if disease is to.be warded off effectually the people must be better housed. Govern ment loans are proposed for this purpose inEngland. Why should not colonial corporations erect houses for the people, either for rent or purchase, and the profit made go in reduction of municipal taxation Another matter: the drainage of the yards, lanes, and streets must be attended to. As things are managed in many towns, if people were to talk about gutter diseases instead of small-pox scares, they would be much nearer the mkrk. Health committees consisting of men and women willing to discuss sani tary questions and to help people not accustomed to think of the importance of little things would be of service. Dr. Thursfield, for instance, at the recent conference on the spread of infectious diseases, pointed out that cows' milk was a special medium for conveying disease, particularly in the case of children, and suggested that consump tion, England's scourge, was largely due to this source. He did not, however, de nounce milk, or rashly engage to supply a better article, butquietlysaid, "Keepyour dairy farms in good order, keep your milk in clean vessels, far away from drains and smells, and boil your milk before using." Pure water is another great necessity. Simple rules on the cleanli nessof houses, and the means for keep ing rooms and clothing sweet and fresh, are also everyday commonplace subjects, but of priceless value. It is pleasant to be assured that it is possible .to obtain a fever proof garment, and if so, the sooner the dress becomes popular the better. Considering the general carolessness in the laws of health and disease, it is next to a miracle that desolating epidemics have been warded off so long. Now, perhaps, the civic authorities will attend to the streets and sewage, and private citizens, following the good example, setting their houses in order, may find that long life, instead of infectious disease, is the blessing the Divine Provi dence bestows upon a people using the homely but effectual means which are placed within their keeping. AMONasT other matters of reform which we owe to the regime of the present Minister of Lands and Deputy-Surveyor General is the re-organisation of the survey branch of the Lands Office, and the recommendations of the Assistant Surveyor.General of Victoria are now being carried into practical effoct. From the first reports of Mr. Wentworth M. Hardy, the new Inspector of Surveys, and his chief, Mr. O. P. Sprent, ample proof of the disgraceful laxity into which matters lhad drifted, and the neces sity for stringent reform, are amply evi dent, but there -are many difficulties in the way of 'carrying out-:the necessary reforms. The system of selection before survey, which lias so long obtained in Tasmania,'is detriinental to accuracy. Our land revenue is too small to permit of much extra expenditure on survey, while the whole country is calling out for roads and bridges; we cannot afford to restore and complete the elaborate system of trigonometrical survey com menced in Sir John Franklin's time, and under existing circumstances it is incum bent that something shall be devised to suit our peculiar circumstances. It has therefore been -decided -to adopt a system very similar to that in use in New Zealand, and as a beginning, wherever agricultural selection is likely to be active suitable .stations -will- be selected, and standard lines laid down on the true meridian. A start will be made from the stations surrounding the base of verification at Longford, and a series of triangles extended.over the north-eastern and north-western district, and other bases will be measured on the East and West Coasts. Mr. Hardy has already erected a new station near Frankford, and another on Mount Hicks. Regulations for the guidance and instruction of surveyors will' be issued and enforced, standard chains provided in various parts of the colony, to adjust 1those used by the surveyors, and uniformity in the execu tion of all work [will be insisted upon. More care will be taken to secure the necessary qualifications before candidates are admitted to practise as surveyors, and Mr. Hardy is in favour of the Govern ment retaining the fees and placing the district surveyors on fixed salaries. A commencement has already been made to carry out the system indicated, and the next report of the Inspector of Surveys should show .that it is in full working order. . OU SUPPLMENNT to-day contains: Football Gossip- Lefroy-Avoca-Jerusa lem-Notes from the King-Penguin George Town-Notes Off and On-Poetry: A Song of the Season; Little Children; Baby-West Devon-Australian Eleven v Cambridge University-London Fashions \- Agricultural Notes- Continuation of Zeph-The Sydney Sheep Sales-Adver tisements. BEACONSFIELD BANK RoBBERT.- The only, item of news to hand respecting the Beaconsfield robbery is the fact that the two Collins's (father and son) were liberated from custody on Thursday night about ten o'clock by the direction of the manager of the Bank of Tasmania (Mr. Evans). A difficulty arose, we learn from our Beacons field correspondent, as the accused had not been arrested on Beaconsfield warrants, and Mr. A. K. Chapman, the stipendiary magistrate, declined to release them. The matter was ultimately arranged by bail being allowed them in their own recognizances to appear on Monday next, when they will be discharged. The remaining prisoners will be brought before the Bench of the Police Court, Beacons field, on'Monday, but it is understood the case will not be gone into until Friday, and an adjournment will take place to that day. In our advertising columns Mrs. Berriman, of Beauty Point, denies the rumour that she gave any information to the police concerning the bank robbery. EXPORTATION OF DRAUGHT STOCK.-By the steamer Corinna this morning Mr. F. Lacey, of Deloraine, ships his well-known Clydesdale grey stallion Grey Champion to Sydney, for sale. Grey Champion is a pure Clydesdale, was imported to Tasmania in 1880 by Mr. Lacey, and was imported to Melbourne, from Scotland, by Mr. W. Derham, two or three years before. Grey Champion has taken several prizes in the old country, and at the Launceston Show of 1880 was awarded the champion prize in the section for draught stock. He is an excellent sample of the Clydesdale, and he has a good pedigree, while his stock are very promising. . During his four seasons in the colony Grey Champion has been re markably well patronised by breeders of draught stock. , By the same steamer Mr. Lacey ships three fine draught mares, also for sale. CHnUCH GRAixra SoHOOL BAZAAR. The bazaar in aid of the Church Grammar School Improvement Fund was continued yesterday at the Mechanics' Institute, the pubie being admitted at 3 p.m., when there was a fair attendance, and business was satisfactorily brisr. A number of small raffles were got up for the young people, confectionery, jams, etc., thus being got rid of. A large numberof people visited the bazaar in the evening, and raffles were again very numerous, Mr. Thomas being very energetic in this line, as he has been in helping to carry out all the arrangements, and no small amount of credit is due to him for' the successful manner in which everything has been carried out. During both afternoon and evening Miss Wigmore added greatly to' the pleasure of the visitors by giving a number of pianoforte selections. The gross takings for the first day were over .£80, which may be considered highly satis factory, and all concerned may look back with pride on the success obtained by their bazaar. The bazaar closed last night, but the total takings will not be known till to-day. YOrUNTEER 'MEMS.-A large number of the Launceston Volunteer Artillery corps were engaged yesterday evening in cleaning and mounting the limbers of the new 40 pounders. The guns are now mounted and look extremely well, and the Artillery deserve praise for the'smartness with which they have done the work. Ten members of the Gymnasium Club metyesterday even ing and went through a number of exer cises until about 9'30, when they broke off for loose play. The Ball Committee met and drew up a report, which will be sub mitted to the general meeting on Tuesday. Members of the Rifle Regiment are in structed to bring in all their rifles by the 5th instant, and no Martini-Henry rifles will be issued until all the old ones are in. rzELIoIOs.-To-morrow, at the Wes leyan Church, Patterson-street, the Rev. H. Saloway will preach in the morning at 11, and the Rev. H. Baker in the evening at 6'30. At the Margaret-street Church, the Rev. H. Baker preaches in the morn ing at 11, and the Rev. J. Cock in the evening at 6'30. At the Chalmers Church, the Rev. H. T. Hull will preach both morning and evening. At Prince's Square Congregational Church the Rev. W. Law will deliver the seventh of the series' of lectures on mountains of the Bible, "the Mount of Transfiguration" being the subject foe to-morrow evening. The Usual services will be conducted by Pastor Hiddlestone at the Christian Mission Church to- morrow, morning and evening. QUARTERLY LICENSINO MEETING.--The third quarterly licensing meeting will be held in the Supreme Court, Patterson street, on Monday, at 11 a.m. The fol lowing is a list of the applications for transfers, etc., of public-houses. Transfer -To Catherine M. Pyle from Wm. I. Thrower, of the International Hotel, Brisbane-street. Permission to sell.under license held by a deceased person-To Eliza Pock from Joshua Peck, Queen's Head Hotel, Wellington-street. New license - Richard Phillips, East Tamar Hotel, East Tamar. THE DIAMOND DRILL 'AT TARLETON. Through the courtesy of Mr. F. Belatead, Commissioner of "Mines, we are informed that the diamond drill at Tarleton has penetrated through the limestone to the underlying silurian rocks, and as it is is highly improbable that a coal seam would be met with below these fossil beds, operations have been for the present sus pended. It- is more than probable that another trial will be made in a different part of the district, where it is to be hoped a more successful result will bo obtained. THE LANDS OFFICE.-The Deputy-Sur veyor-General, Mr. Sproent, was in attend ance at the Lands Office, Public Buildings, yesterday, but no business of any import ance was brought under his notice. He will be present in the office during the forenoon to-day, and will return to Hobart by the express, leaving at 3 p.m. T. A. AND P. AssocIATION.-The annual meeting of the Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association will be held at tihe Mechanics' Institute at 2"30 thisafternoon, when members are requested to attend, as important business will be discussed. T. i SuMAnizRar CABLe. - From the Argus we learn that the break in the sub marine cable between this colony and Vic toria was not unexpected, as the cable has been working badly for some time, and Mr. Warren had made every arrangement before hand, in case of an interruption, with Mr. Chas. Hudson, the business agent in Melbourne for the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. The parting oc curred about six miles from Flinders, where the cable passes over a rugged bed. A spare cable had been landed at Laun cestor by the s.s. Bonnington recently. Mr. Warren, with a number of repairers and all necessary materials, arrived from Tasmania yesterday, and a steanier will be ready to 'convey them to Flinders to day. Should' fine weather prevail, the cable, it is"expected,. will be spliced and ready for use early, next week. It is a singular coincidence that Mr. Hudson re ceived advices by steamer as to Mr. Warren's arrangements for repairing' a possible breakage and news of the actual parting of the cable almost at the same time. ' CoNca?T AT OATLANDn.-A grand vocal and instrumental concert will be giveh in the Town Hall, Oatlands,onthe evening of 7th August, to assist in providing funds for repairing the Wesleyan Church in that town. We believe this concert was sug gested by Mrs. Langridge, late of Beacons field, and her efforts have been cheerfully supported by the local talent, so that a very excellent entertainment maybe antici pated. We understand .that Mrs. Lang ridge was the first to produce, in these colonies,'the sacred drama entitled "Moses in the bulrushes," and in which slihe was very successful. It was given by special request at Beaconsfield in September last, SUPPOSED TYPHOID FEVER.-Yesterday afternoon a woman and a boy were ad mitted into the General Hospital, suffer= ing, it is supposed, from typhoid fever. Dr. Thompson attended to the patients, and they were detained in the Hospital. Both the woman and boy formerly resided in Margaret-street, near the sewer. HOSPITAL CAsES.-A man named James Adams was admitted into the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a cut arm. It appears that the man was working at the Coffee Palace, and when putting his right arm into a cask, it waslcut with a broken bottle, which was in the bottom of the barrel. The artery was cut, and a lot of blood lost. The wound was dressed, and the man detained in the institution for fear of the artery again commencing to bleed. A boy named William Macleod was also admitted into the Hospital last evening, suffering from a severely cut hand, caused by a horse treading on it. The lad was crossing near the York Hotel, and was run over by a horse, when it trod on him. The wound was dressed, and the lad left for his home. THE CABE OF ROBEnT GOWNLWD.-Upon enquiry at the Hospital last evening, we were informed that there has been no change,with reference to the lad Robert Gowland, who was admitted into the Hospital on Monday last, supposed to be suffering from small-pox. StALL-Pro PREcAuTIOrs.-- When the 8.s. Flinders arrived in Bryant's Bay yesterday morning, she was boarded by Dr. Richardson, the health officer, who inspected the passengers, and when, granted pratique by that gentleman, she was allowed to proceed to her destination. It is gratifying to note that the health officer was pulled out by the police of George Town, in 'the police boat, conse quently he did not not have to row off himself, as he had to do on a previous occasion. R?cREIVED.-The Austlralian Joural for August is punctually to hand through, Messrs. Walch Bros. and Birchall, and is full of light and interesting reading matter. We have also received from the same firm No. 16 of The Artstralian Melodist, whish is replete with English, Irish, and Scotch songs. Tus MILLNosAL Aes.-The sixth of a course of lectures upon the second advent, by the Rev. A. Bird, was given on Thurs day evening in theschool-room, Cimitiere street, to an audience numbering about 200 persons. The subject chosen was the "Millenial Age." The lecturer referred to the reign' of Christ upon earth at Jerusalem, the ingathering of the Jews, and the blessings of peace for a thousand years. The lecture was deeply interesting, enforced as it was by reference to the Word of God. The subject for next Thursday's lecture will be "Satan's re lease and Satan's doom." Tne LocAL OPTION QUsrTION.-A public meeting for the advocacy of the local option principle will be held at the Odd follows' Hall on Tuesday evening next. The various temperance societies are requested to meet at the Temperance Hall and march in procession to the Oddfellows' Hall. LauNOEsTON LIEDEaTAEeL.--The pro gramme and list of performers of the. second concert to be given by the Laun ceston Liedertafel at the Mechanics' Insti tute, on Tuesday next, appears in another column, and promises to be a rich musical treat. TAsMANIAN POULTRY SOCIETY. - The Poultry Society's Committee met in the Mechanics' Hall, Hobart, on Thursday evening, Mr. A. J. Chapman occupying the chair. It was resolved that the thirtieth annual show be held on the 27th and 28th inst., at the Exhibition Building, Hobart, the list of entries to close on the 18th inst. The schedule of prizes, with numerous special prizes, generously pro mised by the Governor, the Mayor, Mrs. Kermode, Mrs. Becker, Messrs. R. Young, C. E. Beddome, H. J. James; J. Aikman, W. H. Burgess, W. Murdoch, E. Lukeman, and others was approved. It was resolved to ask the Gover nor to open the annual exhibition, and to invite the presence of the Mayor and Aldermen and the Ministry on the occasion. The appointment of judges was deferred till after entry night. A TAsMAra N REWbA.DED FOR AIDING To SAve LIFE.-ThO annual meeting of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia was held on'the 28th inst. in the Town Hall, Melbourne. There was a large attendance, the spacious building being densely packed in all its parts. Amongst those present were his Excellency the Governor and suite,thellMayor (MIr. Chas. Smith, 31.L.A.), Mr. Graham Berry, Judge Cope, Sir Win. Clarke, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and Sir Arthur Nicholson. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Wilks, the president of the Society. After a considerable amount of important business had been disposed of, the Governor presented the certificates and medals which had been awarded by the Society. Amongst the recipients was John Squire MIason, aged 24 years, the second officer of the screw steamer Pateena, and a native of Hobart. He received a certificate of award for aiding to support and save John Cogdon, aged 13 years, a schoolboy at Fisherman's Bend, in the River Yarra, on the Ist February, 1884. As the steamer was going down the river Cogdon jumped overboard, and directly the cry was raised "Man overboard," Mason jumped in to save him, but finding he could swim, supported him till he was picked up. IHo?aT COHAraER OF CoMEoce.-On Thursday afternoon a special meeting of the members of the General Committee of the HOubart Chamber of Commerce was held in the Town Hall Buildings, those present being Messrs. J. M'Farlano, E. M. Fisher, C. A. Piesso, J. Bailey, J. G. D)avis. Correspondence from the Melbourne ChamberofCommerc was read stating that the Victorian Legislature would be ask.d to contribute £1000 towards the cost and maintenance of the proposed Eddystone Point Iighthouse. Messrs. J. M'Farlane, C. A. Piesso, and E. M. Fisher were ap pointed to wait on the Treasurer, and urge upon him the desirableness of at once pro ceding with the erection of the light house. Mr. H. E. Wright having been elected a member of the Chamber, the meeting terminated. LADr Looe's FIRaT R?oaurTION at MIel bourne last Wednesday afternoon is described as a brilliant success. About 1200 ladies and gentlemen attended to pay their respects to her Ladyship, the number. I being greater than at any reception held by the wife of any previous Governor. At the lower end of the ball-room, Herr Plock's band played a number of pleasing elections of music. Light refreshments 1 were also provided. Nearly all the visitors were ladies, and a large number of hand-i rome winter costumes were worn. Lady oclh, who has evidently won golden i opinions in Victoria, was to have held a second reception yesterday afternoon. . CBessx PLooHINao MATorC:-kmeeting was. held' at.Lawson's eHotel, OCesy, on ThRirsday evening, to arrange fo the an nual ploughing match. The'match was fixed to come off on Thursday, 4th Sop tember, and a very liberal programme was provided. There will be four 'classes, including one for double-furrow ploughs, the first prize foi which is .£10. In the other classes the first prizes are .68, £7, and .e4 respectively. Three teams must start in each class, or a prize will not.bo given ; and in the second and fourth classes a prize will be given for every third team. Full particulars will be found in our adver tising columns. BLUE RIsONe ENTERTAINrIENT.-The usual Saturday night entertainment, under the auspices of the Blue Ribbon Mission, will be given at the Temperance Hall this evening, admission being free. FINE ARTs.-There will be on view at the establishment of Mr. J. Dunning, Brisbane-street, to-day, an oil painting by Mr. Francis King, an amateur artist who displays considerable promise. The sub ject is original, and represents a scene on a Canadian railway, in which a train is just rounding a sideling cutting on a pine-clad spur when the headlight reveals a mass of rock fallen from the hillside on the track, and the whistle sounds "down brakes, hard." The conception is good, and many of the details are well brought out, while the faults are those which practice and culture will remove. The drawing and perspective are excellent, and the wooded height above the rail way line, the glimpse through the saddle in the range of the country beyond, backed by snow capped ranges, the long train, the reflection from the open furnace door and the lighted carriages, are all points of merit. The. success attained in an art to which Mr. King has but re cently turned his attention should encour age the artist to persevere and to overcome the harshness |in treatment in some par ticulars, which is the principal defect in this specimen of his skill. SMALL-POX In VIcToRIA.-The .,Age of Wednesday states that Dr. Porter, the assistant medical officer, visited . Mrs. Wilkinson, of Preston, on the previous day, and has given it as his opinion that the eruptive disease from which she is suffer ing is small- pox. The disease is in the confluent form. Mrs. Wilkinson is believed to have contracted the disease from her son, who was one of the hospital students attacked by it, and whom she nursed at her own house. Another suspicious case has been reported from Elstern wick by the local Health Officer, Dr. Hutchinson, who states that the disease has not yet fully developed. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Thurs day states that Dr.Porterhas also reported that a girl named Delaney, living with her father near the Elsternwick Railway Station, is suffering from a mild attack of small-pox. A daughter of Mr. Morris, of Rowena Parade, Richmond, whose son. is under treatment in the Sanatorium, is also said to be seriously ill with the disease. From these statements it would appear the dreaded complaint is spreading in Victoria. It was rumoured that Miss Barker, daughter of the man who died some time ago in the Sanatorium, had been seized with some eruptive complaint, but the statement is not correct. It appears that Miss Barker broke a blood vessel, and this probably gave rise to the rumour. A QuasTION Or LIAnILITY OF AUCTIONEns.-Acurious question(observes Fairplay) has recently been raised as to the liability of auctioneers. A company formed for the purpose of selling by auction, or otherwise, stocks and shares was sued under peculiar circumstances. A bid had been made for certain shares and the auctioneers had taken the usual steps for the completion of the contract. But they had failed to do so. The buyer had disap peared-or, at any rate he had not paid for the stocks for which he had bid. They were eventually re-sold at lower prices,and it has been contended that the company was liable for the difference. Supposing such liability could be established, nothing could be more easy than for the person who had placed the stocks in the hands of the company for sale at auction to send a bogus bidder and ensure their being sold atprices higher than anyone else apparently was disposed to give for them. As a matter of course this bidder would disappear, and the Company would be landed with a liability for the price which had been surreptitiously forced upon them. Surely this must be opposed to common sense. .THE VOLUNTEER MILITIAr FORC. - According to the Herald, a considerable amount of disaffection exists amongst many members of the new Victorian Militia force. A special reporter, who has been told off to make a detailed investi gation, states that the general opinion is that the military department is a bungle from beginning to end, and that there is great mismanagement on the part of the Minister of Defence. No clothinghas yet been made or served out, the men have been kept in suspense about their pay, and a good many persons declare that the Militia is not nearly equal to the Volun teer force. The Age states that an extra ordinary occurrence took place at the muster of the South Melbourne Battery of Field Artillery on Monday evening. The corps, which comprises 100 men, assembled at the drill-room to the number of about 90, but on the order being given by the officers in command to fall in, 70 of those present refused to do so. One of the men, who acted as spokesman, gave as a reason for this conduct that they had received no pay for four months and were not provided with proper uniforms. The officers were naturally reticent as to the truth or other wise of the allegations, but the drill pro ceeded without the disaffected ones, who retired from the drill-room in a body. The matter will probably be brought under the notice of the Minister of Defence, and an inquiry will be instituted by the Council of Defence. As ARREBT AFTas EIGHT YEABB.-A few days since a respectable-looking man named lheaumont Clayton, who is in a good way of business at Sandhurst, was arrested in Melbourne under a warrant issued no less than eight years since on the charge of uttering a worthless cheque for .2 4s 6d on Mr. Henry Edwards, the landlord of the White Hart Hotel. Clayton pleaded guilty, but in consequence of the lapse of time neither Mr. Edwards nor any of his employes could identify the accused. The accused was then asked whether he still wished to plead guilty or desired to with draw that plea, there being no evidence to support the charge. He said he pleaded guilty, as he was the person named in the warrant, who had boarded at the hotel, and given the cheque whilst under the influence of liquor. Since that time he had established himself in business, and could produce references as to his character from Sandhurst. The prosecutor then informed the Bench that he had no desire to press the case, and the prisoner was accordingly discharged. TaH annual general meeting of the Perth Working Men's Benefit Society will be held on Monday evening at 7 o'clock. TBHDrne will be received at the Electrio Telegraph-office. Hobart, until noon on Wednesday, 20th inst., for the supply of telograhic poles, particulars of which will be found elsewhere. TuE re- opening of the large hall of the Westbury Public Library will be cele brated on Wednesday evening next, by a concert, in which a number of well-known artists, whose names appear elsewhere, will take part. A CONCERT, under the auspices of the Dawn of Hope Lodge, I.O.G.T., will be held in the Temperance Hall, York-street, on Tuesday, 12th inst., at 7'30 p.m. .A FREETHOUoHT LsCTURE will be given at the Oddfellows' Hall to-morrow evening by Mr. J. H. Burgess on " Ghosts," which will be discussed afterwards. AN entertainment in aid of the Brass Band will be given at Evandale on Tues day next., in which, several well-known amateurs of Launceston and St. Leonards will take part. ON Tuesday, 12th inst., the Launceston Operetta Club will produce "Old China" sad " Sleeping Queen" abt the Mechanics' [nstitute, under the patronage of his Ex sollency the Governor. CAN'T PIEACo Goon.-No man can do a 1ood job of work, preach a good sermon' ry a lawsuit well, doctor a patient, or -rite a good article when he feels miserable md dull, with sluggish brain and unstrung jerves, and none should make the attempt . such a condition when it can be se easily and cheaply removed by a little Bop Bitters. Look for . 