ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. IRE ATTACK ON THE FORT. [BY ONE OF OURS 1 'Twas nate an' aisy in the day We musthered thick an sthronpr, Wid thirty rounds of carthridge blank, An' shtepped our way along. 'Twas moighty hot that silf-same day, An' made aicbe sturdy heart Resolve to shtand tbe burnin' thirs 1 ', Nor moind the wather-cart. Bould Mathews, wid his warlike eear, Was mouDted on his shteed, And like another "Willineton, He tuk, bedad 1 the lead Of thim brave boys wid thim big guns They call artillery, And Makin, Madley, an' the rest Were wid the infantry. We shtepped it out wid aisy stride, An made a bould array- Enough to frighten any foe That we inoight meet that day. The Major-Gin'ral, shtern was he, An' eyed the V.M.F. Wid all the pride of Wolseley's self. An' seerued convanient deaf To rude remarks of larrykins About bis soger rout, An' how they hep their shoulders back And stuck their stommicks out. " There's bandy lejrs" says one, bedad; " Axehandles," sez the nixt; An' thin they'd shtart a big guffaw At swords that got betwixt The legs ov nervous officers, An' nearly med thim swear; As proud as paycocks they would stmt Fornint the army there. 'Twas moiphty hard, that twel' mile march,* An' harder too, I think, To pass so many tiinpting pubs AJI' niver shtop to drink. The wather-carts was close behind, But whisky not a sup; An' if a man drinks wather nate 'Tis bound to knock him up. But thin the foight I—great Caysar's ghost I— A shindy nate was it, Except for bullets being scarce, An not a head to hit. We tuk the fort, and Mathews bould Marched in wid all his foorce ; The Major-Gin'ral he marched out, Surrendeiin' av coorse. 'Twas moighty plisint in a way The Gineral to bate, By raison of the pravious fact That he has won of late. An' Mathews he was proud indade, Wid all a conq'rer's look, As if wid just a bit of shtick" He'd bate all Donnybrook. " But, Moike, 1 sez he, sez Moike to me, " Me heart's loike heavy lead To think that such a day should pass W idout a broken head." Hugh Kalyptns says suitors-at-law, and such of the general public as are not bound by the expressive hand of custom, will no doubt hail with gladness the departure in the direction of jocularity first instituted by Mr. W. R. Wigley in his memorable judgment in the great seal case, and followed up by Mr. J. M. Stuart in hiB decision re the two and twopenny case of the Commissioner of Railways against Harry. It lets in the light of liveliness through the musty, dusty medium of the law, and takes the hard edge off the majesty of justice. Mr. Wigley was satirical and funny; Mr. Stuart was learned and ively. Both of them should be hired r a season by the Young Men's Christian Association to lecture upon " The law of liveliness" or " Coke comically considered." Either of them would draw better than Buchanan or General Sheridan. The law courts might even become popular as Garner's Assembly Rooms or the Academy of Music. The several members of the Bar are rather given to forensic fun of a peculiar order, but except in the case of one or two irrepresible and daring wits their sense of humour has often to be kept in check in deference to the decorum demanded by the Court; but now that we have facetious remarks and funniment from the fount of iustice itself, we may hope for a revival in the law. Hitherto it has been customary to laugh obediently and decorously when any of the rare judicial jokes are let fall, but now we may indulge in the hearty guffaw without the risk of rebuke. If the Bench jokes, the Bar may pun, and the suitors poke practical foolery 'at each other. Before this the unwritten law was, " Till the Bench unbends, let no man laugh," but now I shall expect the law reports to read like the "Facetia" column of the Family Herald, or a page out of "Titbits." The Q.C. as the tail of a learned lawyer's name, will stand for " Quizzical Counsel," and B.A. for " Bantering Associate." Behold the Bench to banter fly, With light of laughter in each eye, And o'er the musty page of Coke Deliver some delirious joke— Till Bar and suitors roll in fun, O'er each forensic feast of fun. 