WANTED HOUSES. Right years ago London was all astir about the death of a young barrister, and people could hardly think of anything but '" poor Charles Bravo." Since then his wifoand'Dr. Gully have gone, and probably very few over give the mystery of Dalham a thought, but it has not been forgotten altogether, and it is remembered seriously enough for somebody. The Priory, a cookney tied sort of castellated building, is to let, as it has been to lot over since the inquest at the adjacent tavern. Nobody will look at the Priory as a residence, or do more than look at it. Of, course, nobody confesses to any fear of the ghost or ghosts ; still, out of the hundreds who have inspected it, there does not seem to have been one person courageous enough to take it over at a reduced rent. Residents in the neighbourhood have almost ceased to t nee their friends to see it and to point out " the dining room where he took the burgundy, don't you remember," the bedroom where he told Sir William Gull he had taken it " himself. Nobody alleges that the house is haunted, yet nobody will have it. Is there no member of the Psychical Society who wants a commodious house at a cheap rate ? i A London contributor to Harper tells the following extraordinary story : No. 50 Skeleton terrace (as I used to call it) shows no sign of life within or without. I had noticed this el cumstance for years my business taking me by this road in question at least once a day without discovering the cause ; but happening on one occasion to dine at a certain lawyer's, where the conversation turned upon Chancery, and on the number of unoccupied and ruinous looking houses for which London was indebted to the proceedings (or non- proceedings) of that high Court, I mentioned No. CQ Skeleton-terrace as a possible example. "Not," Much, " that it is ruinous looking for it is always spick and span, but because it never has a tenant. What can be the reason of it ?" " Why, don't you know ?" cried half a dozen people together "That is the famous house lot/ft a coffin on the top of it. If so many had not spoken at once, I should have thought that this was said in joke ; but their unanimity staggered me. " What !" said my host, " is it possible that you have lived three years in London, and passed by that terrace a thousand times, as you needs must, and not have seen the coffin on the roof 1" " Well," said I, " now you mention it, I have seen a great case of glass like an immense cucumber frame, on which the sun is always glinting, and a sort of a stone sarcophagus inside it but I had no idea it was a coffin." " It is a coffin, nevertheless," said the lawyer. "Everybody who knows town has heard of the house that is never lot in skoleton-torraco, though why it is so is still one of the London riddles.' There is the coffin, and there is the empty house. Como, young gentleman, why don't you write us a story upon it ? " I would much rather hear the real agony," said I, " if anybody knows it." But nobody did know it, though every- body had heard something about it. The general impression appeared to be that some very wealthy and capricious person had once lived at No. 50, who had provided by will for his interment In some spot where the sun, whenever it was showing, should always shine upon his grave and certainly, by aid of tin cucumber frame, it would seem that he had accomplished his purpose. "But why isn't the house lot?" enquired "There are surely plenty of people who are not so f frightened at having dead body on the root of their house but that they would be glad to live in such a splendid mansion, paying half-price for to, say, on account of that disagreeable circumstance " That is true," said a fellow guest. "would give three hundred a-year for the house myself, and think myself lucky to get it. Even if the ghost ' walks,' I shouldn't mind it taking exercise on the roof." " As I heard the story," said another, " it was made a promise in the will that the house should be used for the purpose of a burial-place for the testator, and for no other." " Such a will would not hold good in law," observed our host. "The home may be kept empty out of deference to the wishes of thodec<asod, but he could have had no legal power to enforce them." ' At all events there in the house under to this hour, and there is the coffin, or what looks like it, upon the roof, its glass cover twinkling in the sun. I saw it this very morning as I drove by in the well known hansom cab that has something queer upon its roof, namely, a tame fox sitting by the driver. The hand-books may talk of St. Paul's and Westminster Abbey, but I find that nothing interests my country cousins when they come up to town for the first time " to see the sights" as that open-air exhibition at No. 50 Skeleton- terrace. It is perhaps the most difficult to guess of' all London riddles. __________ 