CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. s. .. . Alonday. uonnojiy oponou Monday morning's work with tho hurdlo raoor, Scizuro, and Queen Boas wbo diduBoful work on tho innor track. Voritaa and Frieudioss wontfortworailosatagood bat; Anglor and Orlando, in tho samo stable, cantorod and finieho-l with ,x good spirt. Mr. Poarson's hor« n mo onargoor uro:g, went a littlo over tbrco fur longs at a good paco. F. Long brought out Kinir fiBhcr, Lroezo Cauuto and Tippity Witchett Uic » last named going woll for four furlones! Batty troatod Docoiyor to slow rounds on iL Baud, giving Yatoly also slow work, Tho hurdle raoor, Ontario, and tho choatnut, Umborto did mild work. Robinsoa's Merry Fcnclla and Cupola woro oxorciscd, spirting homo from thn turo, Tho Bohomiaa nnd Coriolnnna «« n. courso, wont woll, thoir stablo companions Sir Samuel, First Pop and Tandstickor, only cantor nig. Melodious wont twico on tho gross, snirU lhg homo. Look's 8cararaouch and StrueHer qontorod, tho steoplcohnso winner looking Dothin? tho worso for his victory. Davis's string did thoir ordinary work, and Burra Burra Tho Ghost and Grace Darling woro troatod to slow work : Tho Laird only cantered slowly. Iut few of tho horscB ongnged in tho rocont Oaulfiold raoos put in an appoarance, and tho morning's work was not of an exciting description. Tuosday. Tuesday morning was not ono to tomnt oilhor bipods or quadrupeds from thoir comfort- ablo quarters to the courso. Heavy blasts ofraia aud a cold wind swept over tho ground from long boforo daylight, proveuting oven tho oarlieat of trainers from putting in an appoaranco till after six o'clock, when Dargin sent Umbra two good rounds on tho middlo track, the filly moving along vory nicoly. In oonsequonco of tho ground boing so wot, only tho middlo traok could bo used tho courso proper boing closed, and but littlo fast work gono through. Gray had Gagburncr, Northern Light and Gasaiior all cantoring twico round, striding homo from tho bottom turn. F. Long sont bis horses tho lost work of tbo morn, ing ; Tippity Witoheltaiid Kingfisbor, dcapitotho puddles, put on stoara and got along at n good paco, tho hurdlo racer especially moving very freely. Broezo nnd Canute, also in tlio same stable, wcro sont medium work, brushing homo for about a quarter of a milo. Ontario, with Batty up, and Yatoly cantored four rounds, when tho trainor finding sorao good going at the back of tbo course gavo thom each a sharp spin of a couple of furlongs separately, going tho reverse way. Umborto and Decelvor wore on tho ground doing walking oxcrciao. Of DaviB's string David and Dargo trotted and cantorod. Caracriuo Bpirted for throe furlongs, and Ditto, who was very lame, trotted and then finished with a cantor, not being so stiff at tho finish. Roid had Grnco. Darling, Nuncio and Burra Burra doing usoful work. Norfolk, their stablo compauion, is not likely to bo soon at Caul Hold for somo timo, having been eold to Captain IJaiinea and gono into Morrison's stablo at Flem ington. Tho Irish King— Blue Stocking filly was doing slow work ; sho is a nico filly, but will tako soino littlo timo to got into form. Vivian, tho steoplecliRSor, was troatod to throe rounds, Connelly had his horgoa on tho courso doing walking oxorcisc. Cupola wont two rounJs at a good swing, and wound up tho last part of tho journoy vory fa9t ; this horse is woll iu at 7 6t. 0 lb. for tho Coburg Slakos. Higinbotlnm'a charges havobeon romoved to Righy's Newmarket Hotol, Flemington, whero thoy will bo put through thoir facings for future engagements. Trainers complain that closing tho courso proper so ofton will havo the ofloct of driving thorn away to other placos, but under tho circum- etancos of tbo rocont weather, it would havo beon very injudicious to allow borsos on it, and it will bo open tins morning if tbo rain closn. Mr. R. G. Talbot has purchased Violot and tho stooplochascr, Echo, who ran oocond last Satur day at Caulfield. Wednesday. Wednesday morning was bleak, accompauioJ with occasional showers. In consequence of the Bevority of tho weather tho ranger would not allow tho courso in- front of tho stand to bo used, as it would havo been cut up too much. The back pari, however, was good going, aud somo fast work was dono thoro for half a mile. Dargin was tho earliest to nppoar, with Umbra, who is engaged in tho All # Ago! Stakes at Mooneo Yalloy on Saturday. This filly has improved a good deal, and strode along the back of tho courso. going very nicely with 5 st. 9 lb. for the four furlongs, Connelly bad Friend loss and Veritas on tho snnd, going four strong rounds. Both tho jnmpors went very strongly. Norfolk cantorod, also tho chostnut gelding Anglor, Rowo's Chester and Dole Star, being loJ, both in clothing, trotted on tho sand. Gray's string of fivo noxt uppearcd, all doing good work on tho middlo track. J. G. Roid gavo Graco Darling nnd Nuncio oxoroiso on tlio sand, and Lock sont Strugglor and Scaramouch on the sarao track, the latter being extended for about four furlongs. Tho Bluo Stocking filly went two rouuds slowly. Batty, on Ontario, with Deceiver, worked on tho insido, and Yatoly after cantering, and also Umberto, got togetbor, doing half amilcat the backof tho courso, tho groy boating off bis stablo companion, and doing tha best gailopof tho morning, covoringtho distance in 52J sec. David and Camerino cantorod and brushed homo tho latter purt of tho journoy. Ditto, a bit soro, and Dargo separately cantored aud Robinson's Morry Fcnclla, Cupola and Vivian wero put through ordinary work, tho former boing very fractious. F. Long treatol Kingfisher and Broozo to good work on tbo innor courso, tbo hurdlo racor putting on tbo at tbo end. Jones's Coriolanufl, Tbo Bono raian and Melodious, in Indian file, cautorod and spirted on tho centra track, tbo Maribyrnong favorito, with Llair up, looking blooming. Spartan did medium work. Sir Samuol was tho last to work, moving along vory ovonly, and looking much improyod in condition. Tho course boars ovidonce of tho at tondunco on tho flat last Saturday, tho hedgo in front of tho grand atnnd, which was a protty jump, boing fluttenod to tho ground by poopw standing upon it. It Is proposod to oroct a stoaa wall in its stead. Thursday- Thursday "was again vory wot, and bat littlo work was 'dono at Caiilfioid, tho courso proper being closed. Tho centra track was tbo only ono that it was possiblo to uso, .v0.,10. boing almost outiroly undor wator, while tho ono .used was scarcely fit for horsoa to do .fast wora upon, aB a half milg without gallopmff tbrougn inP wao nil impossibility. Utiilor tboso ItfrumstanocB, only a low trainers put m an annoarndco. Connolly was, howovor, tUo first to Sown by sonding Friondloss, Orlando, Quoen Ks and tbo olocplecbaso liorao Midnight four j rounds on tbo sand, incroasing tbo paco from Fho bottom turn. Batty gavo Yatolya milo, tbo troy going strongly nnd pullod up vory fresh. Iinlnrlo found bottor ground at tbo back, and put 'Sn somo good work. Umbcrto and Tippity IVitcbott from Long's got togothor nnd otrodo along for nbout bnlf a mile, tbo chestnut pot- iine over tho ground in raro Btylo. Deceiver Was worked by bimsolf stoadily on tbo sand. JoiieB bad only Melodious out, nnd oho cantered Iintl brushed homo, going in great stylo ; Canute nnd Tippity Witcbett cantorod a couplo of turns Vrilli an occasional spirt. Itoblnson sont Morry ponolin and Cupola aoparntoly twico round at a steady paco ; and Cbestor and I'olcstar, from Jlowo'o, wont twico round, doing medium work. Messrs. Look, Read, Dargin, Davis and Hoywood did not show up. in fact tbo track was so bad that trainors woro frigbtinod to give tboir horsoa any fast work, it boing dangerous to do so. Tbo nature of tbo ground is such that with a littlo tjipendituro in tho ebapo of laying down pipes and raising tho tracks slightly, this courso would always bo opon to trainers, and tlioir horses could do any sort of work at all seasons of tbo yoar. 