THE OHO SI'S ARMS. OLB Sammy had been to the house of a friend, With other choice spirits carousing, He drank pretty freely, and so at the end Had taken a deal of arousing. 'Twas midnight when finally Sammy departed To brave all the cold and the weather, Though fuddled at first, when he really had started He pulled himBelf fairly together. No company Sammy could get on hiB way, And BO he must travel alone ; His path through the churchyard unhappily lay, So, gloomy, and dreary, and lone. With great superstition old Sam was imbued, He dreaded a ghost or a shade; But warmed by the whiskey his fears were subdued, If they were not wholly allayed. He passed all the graves, and then started to run, But stumbled and staggered a bit; Though walking was eaBy, when steadily done, For running he hardly was fit. The graveyard was passed, and a corner was turned, Which somehow he floundered around, When his blood, which before had internally burned, Turned suddenly cold when he found Himself in the midst of some object in white, Which fluttered and danced in the wind; And put poor old Sam in the deuce of a fright And drove him clean out of his mind. Twas only some clothes they had left by mistake, Which Sammy imagined were ghosts, He stood for a minute to shiver and shake, And saw not a sign of the posts. Then yelled out blue murder, and ran like the deuce, And charged through the calico host; But, alas, for old Sammy I 'twas all of no use, He was caught in the arms of a ghost. A feminine garment, which hung from the line Disporting itself in the breeze, Around Sammy's collar did firmly entwine, And caused him to fall on his knees. He buried his face in his hands, and he prayed That the spectre would leave him alone; And swore that'if 1 he Were no longer delayed For his sins he'd in future atone. A furious effort he made, and escaped, But the arms still encircled his throat, And his shoulders with part of the garment were draped, Which flapped up and down on his coat. He reached home at laBt, about one of the clock, Near frightened olean out of his-life ; He gave at the door such a furious knock, Atid bawled out aloud for his wife, _Who speedily answered the call of her lord, 3 Tqok hold of the hair of his head, And epithets choice and reproaches she poured On Sam as she dragged him to bed, " You drunkard, you brute, you old gluttonous beast," And down on his head came the broom ; But Sammy was speechless, not conscious the least, AB he lay on the floor of the room. At last he revived, to his neck put his hand, And raised himself up %y the post, And said, in the voice that he best could command; " Why, BetBhy (Jiio), whereversh the ghost?" " The ghost," shrieked out Betsy, "fyou wicked old man 1" Then suddenly flew at his throat, And quickly proceeded the garment to scan. Which clung to the back of his coat. Yelled Betsy aloud, " Why, whatever is this ? A wrapper! It seems mighty queer." Said Sammy, suspecting that nought was amiss, The armsh of the Ghosht, Betshy dear." But BetBy unfolded it, opened it out, To Sammy's amazement he saw The arms of the ghost he had carried about Which filled him with terrible awe, Were not arms at all; nor was it a shroud Whioh Betsy held up to the light, But merely a garment which he had allowed To give him so fearful a fright. Qaoth Betsy, " The arms of the ghoBt is the case 1 More likely the legs of the ghost ! You dare to come flaunting her rags in my face ; Of wickedness making a boast 1" And on him with fury she fell tooth and nail, Though Sammy tried hard to explain ; He warded off feebly the feminine hail, While writhing and struggling with pain. For jealousy gave her a strength for the time, Which he, so befuddled with liquor, Could hardly resist, so he thought it no crime To pinch her, and bite her, and kick her. The neighbours, of course,, were aroused from their sleep, And soon the whole matter leaked out; For Betsy was foolish, and never could keep The story from spreading about, And since it has happened, so sure as Sam goes To a dinner or meeting, this toast Some jocular wag is as sure to propose, "To Sam and ' the arms of the ghost.'" 