FETROPGLITAN 'GOSSIP. '(PRnoVIxCIs. .ESS UNION.) On Tuesday the number of flags half-mast lhig', as a token of respect for the deceased Presideit of ithe Legislative, Council, was a very nbticeable feature' in towni. It was ob servable that this mark of remembrance was made 'by 'ymen pf alll sliah s d of 'political opinion, and by nmny4tihoAi'hai es are un known in p~oliticil 'warfitsfl T:There is no doubt that 'Sir Wifi'MitchelPs' judicious con duct during the stormy era of politics in this colony won forilim the gratitude 'of a large , section of the cominunity whlo are usually undemdnstrative as regards their potliical opinions . The "brokedn 'week in 'Parliadnent "ids seriotisly interfered with the prospects of an early closiig of the session.i The Legisltive Council will, however, ;sit on' Fridays, to miiake up for lost time. They nmy also.decide to sit at two p.m. each day; at all events that has been motted. With regard'fo the additiohito the Railway -Bill, which it is said the" Conncil will inqke, a member of the Lower House in the confi denceof the Gobvernmit insists that any ad ditions must 'e accompanied by equivalent subtractions, as the Ministry has " put down its foot" on the question of the amount of the Loan. It is, however y unlikely that the Council will fake "the reslionsibility of sub tracting anythirg. - The Assembly.'amuses itself just now in toying with manytgmall measures,-like an epicure in the des~ft after a good dinner. The only LrVE measure before it is the Shops and Factories Bill,which; it is safe to predict, will' not go through the Tiower fudeuithi 'nession. - There is in this colony-=or, rather, in Mel boitrne-an association known as the Liberty ahd Pi?perty Defence League.n 'It is, how dyer, miainly concerned with the liberty to drink intoxicants, and the defence of the property of the vendors of these ceductive fluids. It is?o? proposed tf extend the area of this society so as to include all mnrttdrs of personal liberty 'which are or may be 'iii fringed upon- by the action of the Gvderin ment. I venture to predict that an associa tion on this wide basis cannot be successful, because there is, as yet, no indication that any but a very'infinitesimal number of per sons would accept the great principle that " each individual has a righit tfo freedoms limited only by tie equal :freedom of'iveiy other individual." The great joke of tihe lobbies 'hs been fur nished this week by that notable and sten torian oppoient'of all dlandlordism and' lose'd roads-Mr A. T. Clarke. ..,'ho would have thought it? MIr Clarke has become the owner of 1000 acres of very valuable land just be-' yond t the outskiris of Williamstbowi. The unexpectedness df the positipn is most ludi crously intensified by the facthli.et Mr'Clarke has now as his tenants:tlihe Messrs Chlirnside, of Werribee Park. For fifteen years Mr' Clarke his periodically, in Parlidment, de nounhced all landlords and all occupiers of closed roads-Messrs Chirnside in particular -as the very embodiment of 'all that is noxious. Shall we at last be able to say "rest, perturbed spirit" to the ghost of that unlucky cbnstituent of ?ir Clarke's wlsb, fifteeii years ag', "-as fined x10 'at thle ii stance 'of Messrs Chirnside, and whose woes have teedn velethently and gruflly trumpeted forth annually by, the hon. member Tor Willianlsttmwh dyer since'? :Seine of his fell'si menibers launhingly anticipiate that Messri Chirnside will hb.ve a pretty lively time of 'it in their (to.thelii) nsvel position as tenants. "Property" will ..have its custeinary effect Liven upon Mr A. T. Clarke. What an excel lent paying game th denncii htion of wealth and property has been in this colony I IIew many in this presint Tarliament che could name who adopted this easy and popular rol and profited exceedignry' therebvJI The namesi 'of cs"srs Berry, Clarke, ,asses, Lalor, Lan? ridge, Patterson, sniith, WC., end Woods ccur to one at once, and it obuld-lb ea syito treble the list of thie denunciators of "Capital" with the names of those 6)ot not in Parliti mndht who, ha-e acquired ob much of tlse'vil commodity that "urgent priivate affairs" .prevent' them from giving any ?ttither attaii 'ion to politics,. Nibtwithsdtifiding th Agent-Genefilot Bill, and tlic'udiversal encomimn'is pissed upon Mr 'Muirray Smith, it is said that Ifis prospect of renewal of offlice is not a certitinty. It would suit the convehnience of 'some of oir pblitictil elhsifs to have it btherwlic. Mr terry, it is said2 is desirous of increased opportunity for cultivating his niewly-ieqsuired "gblden" faculty of silence, andl believes that the Agent-Generalship w'cold give him all 1ie needs. And this vobuld make.ofoods for Mr -IPattrson 's the leader of the Liberal idslli tion contingent. It would also leave "the Colonel, the Mirams' and the Richardsoih'' in their position,- still i6orie " retisote, _n friended, melanchbly, sloi;" The persistence of rdinors of this kind in what are commonly known as the "'best informed circles" in duced Si~e to end:i-ver'to prolie theu 'to 'the bottom. The result is thflt an ifnquestionable authority assures ihe tl-it Mr Service say? that others hppehor fb know his business'cfter than lie does. He has in 'ntintsion of leaving Victoria-at all events obr some years. Two 'bf Mr iBerry's pbllesgies' say that hle is pnot intending any change that they are awahre of 'fr'a coissiderable time to come. The 'figPi 'icancee of these di claimers will, Ly most `people, lie assimeldl i bei fi thedir 'gqujlif editions. .. . :2 -. 