/ VICTORIA. ''-i?.. . .T&xwxnains;, JÍriday, February 22. # '? Thö ipoatal authorities ; -hare agreed j thatjf ixwoming Orient etéamèra abaü betelfigraphea , KeKamra* »ad Sydney as soon M fhay are lighted at Cape Otway. j) urnas . the clerk in the Education Department, has hean sentenced to three months' imprison ment fox naring stolen a cheque from a letter which wai given to lum to he posted. The priso ner's friends paid* the money, and therefore he got only a light sentence. . - A maa named "Wm. Hastings waa fined J810 ia the Brighton police court to-day for having im ëiraonated a ghost and used obscene language, e waa in the habit of dressing in white and going about at night frightening women and ethers. Saturday, February 23. Soma heavy rain fell yesterday. Heavy raina have also fallen in the country. Operations in connection with the building of the new wing of the publio library have been begun. A. Forest Bill will be introduced next session. A robbery has been committed by boys on the Dandenong-road, near Malvern. A lad named ' ligan, while returning from school, waa stopped by four boys, one of whom struck him in the mouth, while another robbed him of his purse, j |Egan's father Btarted after the culprits and cap- - tared two of them. Tho police arrested the other two. The latter escaped from the Industrial Behool a few days ago. The Sir Jamsetjee, barque, which struck Cape Otway reef, will, after discharging cargo, be ¿ocked for repairs. It ia not anticipated that the injuries will prove very serious. Dr. Daniel Curdie, one of the oldest settlers in Victoria, died at hia station, Tandarook, near Camperdown, yesterday. He arrived in the oolony 44 years ago. A private trial of the electric light took place In the Melbourne Town Hall last night. The Humber of lights ia 284, and they will be used in public upon the occasion of Mr. Philip Plaisted'a concert. The exhibition . truatees mat yesterday and .accepted a tender for the construction of an aquarium. The reply poatal carda, which were issued some inontha ago by thé Poet-office, have been with drawn, as they were net used by the publio.. The improvement in the land revenue receipts eontinues. Since January 14 about ¿833,500 have boen paid. ' Monday, February 25. A woman, dressed in the height of the fashion, ñas for some time been carrying on a system of wholesale swindling. Her modas operandi is to drive to a fashionable tradesman and order a Quantity of goods under a pretence that they are » a well known lady in Toorak, and take them away with her. The woman has not yet been arrested John Hodges, a well-known cricketer, was charged in the Richmond police court with having indecently exposed himself to two girls. The bench were divided at first, but eventually gave Hodges the benefit of the doubt, and dismissed the case. The Chief Secretary has declined to accede to the request that tanneries shall be exempted from the list of noxious trades in tho Health Act. In connection with tho Blue Ribbon Mission nearly 8000 ribbons were distributed up to Satur day evening, and nearly 3000 pledges were taken. r The Operative Bakers' Society has passed a resolution to give assistance to the Adelaide bakers, who are resisting Sunday baking, Mr. John Macgregor, a well-known colonist, and formerly Minister of Mines, is seriously ill. His life is despaired of. The Central Board of Health has taken action re the steam-whistle nuisance. The managers of factories will be immediately informed that the use of steam whistles must be limited, so that they shall oease to be a nuisance. By-laws will be passed to carry this into effect. A new Roman Catholic church was opened in Essendon yesterday by Archbishop Goold. The defective lighting and ventilation of the new law courts are causing loud complaints. . It ls found necessary to light the gas at 2 o'clock in the afternoon in order to enable the business'of the courts tb be conducted. A serious shooting affray occurred on board the barque St, Jamsetjee Family, which' arrived1 at Sandridge on Friday, after a narrow* escape off Cape Otway. Several of the crew, on returning from a "spree" on shore, attacked the first mate, Mr. Le Gall,' who. was superintending- the discharge of cargo. He had ultimately to resort to his revolver,and defend himself in his cabin ; and he shot and' wounded a seaman named Neilsen,, who was taken to the hospital. Le Gall, the officer, was arrested. Tuesday,. February 26. The Ministers of Landa and Agriculture will leave Melbourne to-morrow upon tours of. in spection. The Minister of Lands will go to the Western district rc the drainage of an area of 7000 acres known as the Condah Swamp. The Minister of Agriculture will visit various State forests, with tho view of introducing a Forests Bill during the next session of Parliament. At the Hamilton assizes yesterday the Chief Justice sentenced John Grey, a farmer, to death, for the murder of his wife. His Honor held out no hope of mercy. The prisoner asserted his in nocence. William Cassidy and John Howell, selectors, have veen sentenced to four years' imprisonment with hard labour, for sheep stealing near Hamil- ton. #A destructive fire occurred at the Fairfield vineyard, Browne's Plains, Rutherglen, tho pro perty of Mr. J. J. Morris,.-The fire originated in a hayshed containing.-140 tons of hay,;which were consumed. rThe wine, cellar, containing 15,000 gallons of wine and a number of empty casks, calculated to hold 55,000 gallons, was destroyed. The total damage is estimated at'-?5000. The property was insured for ¿23000. The origin of the fire is unknown.' __ Wednesday, February 28. Fred. Marshall, the well-known comedian, has arrived in the John Elder. - The-black trackers whbrare working at -Hamil "' cn in connection with' the... P^rrepoi^/ninider> haye com» *croas a track leading to a blind gully behind tba hat where the murdered man was found. Following the track they found a quantity of blood supposed to be human. The spot where1 the blood was seen xs supposed to be the place where M'S weeney washed clothes while living in the hut. It is conjectured that Murphy was murdered in .the bush, and then brought to the hut, where he was found. Lecturing on hip recent yisitto India/ Mr. T. Bent, M.L.A., said at Brighton that he had learned in India that the mongoose wonldin time probably become as great a pest as the rabbit. One of tho earliest measures to be introduced during the. next session of Parliament will be a Babbit BUL At a meeting of the Associated Banks yester day the following rates were adopted :-Bills at 60 days' sight buying 20s discount, Belling 2s od premium. It is alleged that 400 quarter-chests of tea, which arrived here from Sydney and were oon : demned as faulty by the Customs* officers, will be sent back to Sydney, and not allowed to go into '. consumption hera. Thursday, February 28. At a meeting of the Executive Council yester 1 day the whole of the cavalry under tho old ! Volunteer system waa disbanded. At the same I meeting the services of the Torpedo Corps were engaged in accordance with the Act passed last session. Mr. Black, rabbit inspector, reports that j rabbits are increasing greatly in the Wimmera district. Ten new stations have been established in certain infected places where men will carry on the work of extermination. I Since the Gospel Temperance Mission started in the Exhibition building, nearly 13,000 blue ribbons have been issued, and over 6000 persons have taken the pledge. Several farmers in the. Donald district are about to charter a vessel to- convey their wheat direct to the London market.' . .. The Government will introduce a1 bill next session ' to provide for the establishment of a Metropolitan Board of land and works. - At the Sale Assizes yesterday J.'Hollingworth was sentenced to two years' imprisonment for horse-stealing. *: > It is expected that over 2000 bales of hops will be exported from Gippsland and Bright to England immediately after the picking season, in order to secure the early market. > A syndicate will be formed to plant and culti vate oysters at Western Port Bay. The pro moters have applied for 10 years' lease. Two boys named Williams and Allen were flogged at Pentridge to-day. The scene was very painful. The boys cried piteously, and called on God to help them. An action for .£3000 damages has been begun by the widow of Mr. W. H. Smith, warehouseman, Flinders-lane, against the Queenscliff borough council, in consequence of the death of her hus band while bathing in the porporation baths in October last. An inqtiiry into the grounding of the steamer Koonoowarra will be held by the Steam Naviga tion Board to-morrow. Pitman's trial is still going on. Mr. Purvea opened tho case for the defence this evening. Captain Lipthorne, of the Government steam ship George Benny, has been dismissed from tte Government service. He waa heavily fined a few days ago for an assault opes* the engineer* of a tug. 