Our As&lo-Colonial; Letter, [Frcaa ouv own Correspondent.! London, July 25. The "Conference on Imperial Federation," which is to begin at 11 a.m. on Tuesday at the Westminster Palace Hotel, is, I believe, a resuscitation of an idea that was tried some years ago. Mr. J. P. Labilliere, who then, as now, was the chief promoter of the affair, wants tolsee organised in London a weighty representative committee of Australians and Englishmen, who will urge on the British Government and public questions which are advocated .by you, [but are hardly men tioned i,by us. The plan is good, and Mr. Labilliere is the man to mako it work. Moreover, the time is favorable, for certainly the British world has never been so much concerned In Australasian matters as it now is. Mr, Labilliere wants to strike whilst the iron is hot. The somewhat bread, but yet practical platform of the committee who pro mote the conference is that" the uuity of the empire must he maintained," and upon this basis it is desired to found action. Amongst tho colonists who have concurred in the pro jects of the conference are Sir Henry P&rkes;, Sir Thomas McII wraith, Mr. Thos. Archer (late Agent-General for Queens land), the Hons. Lavlngton Glyde, and J. B. Patterson (Victoria), W. W. Giaborne (New Zealand), and D. McCarthy, M.P., of Canada. The following Englishmen have agreed to the platform, and promised to attend on TuesdayThe Earls of Shaftes bury, Eosebery, and Dunraven, the Eight Hon. W. E. Forster, M,P„ W. H, Smith, M.P., G. J. Goschen, M.P., Professor Bryce, M.P., and the Hon. Ed. Stanhope, M.P. I understand that the Eoyal Colonial Institute Council have promised to support M. Labilliere. Some time ago Sir Chas. Garan Duffy an nounced in an amusingly oracular style, of which I informed you, his intention to publish a book which h9 was then evolving in an Italian retreat, The book is now out, and is a " Birdscyo View of Irish History." The past of Erin, with it grotesque mixture of tragedy and wisdom, is skilfully traced, and in tho preface Sir Charles declares that "the history o£ the past is the master-key to what, ever is perplexing in the present." Sir Charles has come on a visit to London, I hear; but he is not much In colonial circles. He has largely discarded his colonial con nexion, I am told. Lord Eosebery'a position in public eatiaia. tion has certainly advanced materially since his return from Australia He has in the interval made several speeches of mark, notably at Aberdeen, iu reference to lor peris! connections, and in the House of Lords, when proposing a remodelling of that Chamber, and more recently on the Franchise Bill, Eloquence is the one great key to popularity in England, and Lord Eosebery is able to use that key. In August he will act as torch-bearer to Mr, Gladstone during his second Midlothian campaign a little later on he^is to he banqueted at Liverpool, and to-morrow ho is to perform a pleasing public ceremony. A statue of Burns has just been erected in the Thames Embankment Gardens, about on a level with Cleopatra's Needle, and Lord Eosebery will unveil it, Mr. George Maine o Adelaide, h to start next week for Canada, where he means to attend the meetings of the British Associa tion. Mr. J, S. 0'Hallors.n, of the Colonial Institute, and iato of Adelaide, will go about the same tiuie. Mr. "Walter Severn s picture, to which I referred a few weeks ago, went per Liguria yesterday, so that it should reach you a weak after this is printed. The printing represents a scene from Goldsmith's "Deserted Viilago," The big Northern Territory Laud Company is the subject of certain ominous head shakings which, being interpreted, seem to mean that it " won't go." I hear that the prospectus will remain opeu till the autumn. It is to be hoped that the project will bo succersful, considering the pains taken here to push a really legitimate concern. But modest merit frequently finds disregarded, and Messrs. Glyde and Dotting ore said to have expressed just the same ideas an those which may perchance fill the minds of the Northern Territory promoters. The British public want a South Australian Government guaran tee of 5 per cent, before they will swallow I Mr. Clyde's ocean dock bait, Mr. Glyde's ' notions of London financial wisdom havo, I hear, been expressed pretty strongly. Bat Mr. Glide's pluck may open the London treasury boxes yet. South Australians resi dent here cannot understand why your Go vernment does net take up this ocean dock question, They see that you can make the "outer harbor' the Ssndridge of Port Adelaide, and that a?ith a proper harbor and an overland railway, you can in truth make Port Adelaide, in Sir Wm, Jervois's words, the Brindiai of Australia. Strange rumors cams hither concerning Australia. Young hopefuls are sent out to you, and on their arrival get distaste, and at once writs back letters full of extravagant denunciation of tho colonics. The sympathetic parents sent the letters to the local papers, and a pretty pic ture of Australia the uninitiated Englishman receives. One of these effusions, printed evi dently in all good faith, is before me now. Men are starving and are deserting the country districts, where there has been no rain for a year, to crowd iato the chief Australian cities, lluin faces all. Death from starvation is amongst the least cf the imminent miseries. English people are warned to beware of you. Thus are temporary Sydney troubles magnified and distorted, and as there is nobody whose busi ness it is to contradict the statements they remain on record as Gospel truth. Some of the most startling news I hear about Australia comes from these English sources. It it were not aggravating it might bo amusing. There is no mora censo rious critic of Australia than the half-liedged inexperienced young Englishman, who, disappointed because net lionised by your practical colonists, vents their spleen upon paper. Those loud demands of the unemployed for labor at the hands of your various Governments astonish us in England. That system of crying to Jupiter on all occasions is unknown here. In Paris it is universal; here we refer with pride to tho independence of the working classes. During a Lancashire cotton famine such a claim might bo made; but under no conditions less exceptional. It is clear that the cry to your Governments for employment is the beginning of that plan of dependence and want of self-respect amongst tho working classes which Professor Fawcett, himself an ardent Radical, has so notably denounced. Judging by English experience this attitude of the working classes ought to be dis couraged at whatever cost. It is wrong in principle, and pernicious in practice. Are there not at this moment ten thousand men out of work in London ? But is there a mob in Whitehall, "or a petition] to Minister, for relief? Not at all. Workingmen know thnt they must depend on themselves, and they do so honorably and nobly. Let a firm position be assumed in Australia, and the same satis factory results will follow. Mr. E. Cooke told a friend of mine lately that he had great difficulty in settling the agency of the Town and Country Bank" and had not yet succeeded. Mr. Howgate, the now manager of the Bank of South Australia for Adelaide, has been for fifteen years manager in Yorkshire. He is an engaging and affable man, but you may be sure that a Yorkshireman knows how many beans go to the dozen. Sir Saul Samuel is working off his list of accepted emigrants gradually, sending a ship once .in (six. wees. Ho has ghosts of ne* applications, but all these arc refused. Archbishop Moran, who started for Sydney per Liguria on Wednesday, only stayed two d*j s in London before going on board. Ho is a taU fine man, Sir Saul Samuel tells me. Of his Jntellcctual (capacities I need not now speak. Therehas beenno opportuni ty of hearing iho right reverend prelate speak, but rumor credits him with an eloquent delivery. He is intellectually a worthy successor to Arch bishop Vaugban, but I believe he can not claim to equal the deceased pro late's remarkable personal presence and charming address. At Sir Saul Samuel's instance Archbishop Moran was introduced on Tuesday to Lord Derby, with whom His Grace had a short conversation on goneral colonial topics. Subsequently Mr. Errington, M.P., who will be remembered by reason oi his ^supposed mission to the Vatican to seek the Pope's aid in restoring order in Ireland, introduced the Archbishop to Mr. Gladstone at the Premier's private room in tho House of Commons. Mr. Childers was also present. The archbishop made the acquaintance of Mr, Gladstone when the right hon. gentle man a few years ago visited Kilkenny, at which period Dr. Merau was Bishop of Gsscry. In the interview with Mr. Glad stone the educational question in tho colonies was discussed, but the Premier declinod to express any decided opinion as to tho attitude which the Roman Catholic population should assume. Mr. Errington saw tho archbishop on hoard the Liguria at the docks, together with a few other friends. 