Wharfage and Railway. There has been another meeting of ' influen tial citizens ' to consider the question of rail way extension ahd wharfaee improrement ; and, lite all its predecessors, it ended with the inevitable deputation proposal. Though, the meeting did not arrange for a number of gentlemen to go on another lool's errand to the Government, notice was given that in a month's time a deputation should be organised to ask the G-overnment to do ?what it is pretty well known is not included in its policy, and what will only be forced upon it, or, perhaps we should say^ on its masters, the per manent heads of the Public Works Department, by the interference of Parliament. Strange to say, at the ;aeeting of the Chamber of Commerce ?which, was held Monday, the proposal for another deputation emanated from Mr. 'W. G-. Murray. It might have been imagined, that his experience as Cnairman of the Wharfage Improvement Association ?would have sickened him of interviewing the Government, and forced him to the conclusion that it is no use expecting a comprehensive scheme of railway extension and wharfage im provement from a department which, in this mat ter, is obstinately wedded to its own pettifogging plans.. Mr. Murray suggests that in a month frcm the present time the Government shall be asked to resume ^he frontage of Darling Harbour down to the Circular Quay, together with the ?water frontages of the port of Newcastle. Why Sydney- should be handicapped with Newcastle is iiofc easily understood, and as regards urging the Government to resume the frontages of Darling Harbour that was done many months a£O by the most influential deputation that ever invaded the Government offices, of Vhich depur tation Hr. Murray himself was the chief speaker. He read a? elaborate statement, and submitted a model provided by the Wharfage'' dissociation, for '-which the Cokmial Secretary said Mr. Murray and those who are working with him deserved the thanks not only of the Government but of the whole community. The grand result has been that the' scheme sub mitted for consideration -has been kicked out of, the department, its authors up to the present time not having been favoured with the reasons lor its rejection. AU that is known is that the Government intend submitting a proposal which i -would altogether ignp_re any 'interference with or! improvement of the wharfage accomodation of - the port. ' Under such circumstances, ' what is the use of wasting any more time on deputations. What is required is an organisation to' influence Parliament,' or at least bring the question before the Assembly in such a way as -mil pive honourable members the choice of acceppng the Government proposals o{ a com paratively useless, if not absolutely inconvenient ine for goods traffic, or rejecting them in favour of Boma;ficheme such as that which was pl&oed; before the Government by the Wharfage Im provement Association, and approved of at the meeting of the Chamber of Commerce on Monday. The gentlemen present passed a resolution: — 'That, in the opinion of this chamber no exten sion of the railway for goods traffic Into the city will be acceptable, unless in conjunction with come -comnnftAiiaire echeiaefoy the regnrnpfa'cm of the water frontages and pie extension and improvement of |ftarfage accommodation.' T^e_ resolution w^s not carried . unani mously, one or two of the g-eakera being ojf opinion that tlje wharfingers of Sydney bare sufficient enterprise to provide all the I %£cessary accominod^iion, and pne wen| so far as : to intimate that-- this had been done already. It : would be a waste of time to reason with gentle men who hpl4 such views ; but we may point' out; I to the majority who carried the' resolution, that i unless' they g*- energetically to work they wilt most probably be found recording similar i ?pinions years hence. One of the spejikers at the meeting eaid that it was time_ iEey made a start, but why should the Chamber of Commerce begin again and beat the beaten track of holding meetings, passing resolutions, and appointing deputations. Those who are eo deeply concerned have been starting and stopping at pretty regular intervals for the. last 10 or 12 years, and why should the whole business not be taken up &t; the point to which it has been brought by the Wharfage Improvement Association. One objection raised to the resolution was that no information had been obtained, or was avail able, with respect to the expense of a scheme such as that foreshadowed. This, however, was a mistake, for the Wharfage Association went to work in a more business- like manner than, sub mitting its sebeme to the Government without having first counted the cost, for it had the pro perties to be resumed valued, and calculations made as to the expense of carrying out its pro posals. Though the figures were not made public, Mr. Murray and Mr. John Young in formed the Colonial Secretary at the deputation which submitted the scheme, that these calcula tions, had been carefully examined, and Mr. Young said he would stake his reputation on their accuracy. We presume that the association would have no objection to place the result of its labours in this respect at the disposal of the Chamber of Commerce, were that body inclined to co-operate with those who made a start two years ago, and have been' working with such commen dable perseverance that they have brought the whole business to a point far in advance of that previously reached either by private exertions or the Government. We venture to say that if all the offices in the Public Works Department were ransacked, nothing so practical or business like -with respect to railway extension and wharfage improvement could I be found than the scheme propounded by the wharfage association. It may not be perfect but it is too good to find favour with the knights of red tape, and the self-satisfied defenders of official infallibility. The chairman of the meet ing held on Monday explained that the Chamber of Commerce should not commit itself to the scheme of the Wharfage Association, but he appeared to think that it was one which, to a great extent, gave practical effect to the terms of the resolu tion. We submit therefore that the time has come for all those who agree with the resolution passed on Monday, and those who approve of the scheme of the association, with such alterations and improvements as further j consideration may suggest to unite for the purpose of fighting the Government in Parliament and those interested gentlemen who desire things to remain as they are outside of it. Mr. James and some of the other wharfingers, who attended the meeting, have manifestly no desire to have their private in terests interfered with by a scheme of wharfage J improvement, which is demanded in those of the public. According to statements made in the Assembly a few nights ago, they have been able to do away with the rebate which they were allowing in 1882, when Mr. Garvan charged the late Trea surer with managing the Circular Quay in a way which advanced his own interest and that of other private wharfingers. Making allowance for the tirade which has been directed to the Circular Quay, by the abolition of the rebate system, Mr. Watson and his friends are therefore realising from 20 to 30 per cent, more than they did a year or two ago, and it can therefore be easily understood why they are opposed to a comprehensive scheme of wharfage accommoda tion at the present time. The longer the resumption of their properties is deferred the better for them. Every year increases the value, and as they are doing very well in the mean time out of the high rates they charge without giving the public a proper equivalent for the money, they may be expected to block the way of all those who attempt to interfere with their monopolies. Under these circumstances, therefore, it is mani fest that the members of the Chamber of Com merce who passed the resolution on Monday and the Wharfage Association will have two enemies to contend with in the questions of railway exten sion and wharfage accommodation. There will be the representatives of selfinter est outside, and the suoDorters of depart mental obstinacy inside the House, so that it behoves the advocates of progress and reform to come to a conclusive understand ing. The time has gone past for holding meet ings to discuss the necessity for improved wharfage accommodation, and all those who are in favour of it should separate themselves from its opponents for the purpose of working ener getically and harmoniously. As it is not likely the Government will go on with its city railway scheme until after the Land Bill is disposed of, it is time enough to make preparations for a stubborn fight in the Assembly, but unless the suggestions we have thrown out are acted upon, the Government will introduce the scheme of the department for a railway along Sussex-street without their being any alternative proposal to submit to honourable members, and if the departmental bunglers suc ceed, the advocates of the resumption and im provement of Darling Harbour may console them selves by singing , Though we may not live to see the day, Perhaps our tittle babbies may. That West Indian darkey who, at a commu nion service, when the cup was about to be pre ? sented to him, cheerfully exclaimed, ' Fill it up, massa priest, I lub de Lord, and don't care a ? , who knows it was/' making allowance for I theunconscionsprofanityof the colouredChristian brother, something of a prototype of Major Sutherland, of the Salvation Army. The major's address at the opening of the ' barracks ' in Newtown, in the easy familiarity with which it referred to the Deity, was quite as startling as the ' deliverance just mentioned. p Much may, indeed, be forgiven for tie sake of good intentions, -and the major and his colleagues may be admitted to have supplemented good inten tions with bq much of good works that their method of accomplishing them need not be con sidered toe Hcaptiously or' curiously. But, really, in the instance in question jbhj familiar style in which those ardent reformers revel was carried just a little too far. In a grotesquely blasphemous phas.a '$& one time current ampng roughs in the great Bepablic, General Jackson, (not Stonewall, .but the hero known to his generation as 'old Hickory ') used to be spoken of as one of the two best men in America. With whom he was thus coupled .in a shockingly incongruous association it is not necessary to specify any more clearly than' by saying that it is suggested by that sen tence in which Majfir Sutherland announced that the barracks was .dedicated in the name of the Holy Ghost and General Booth!! 