Dorothy Forster.* By Waltxr Bbsant. Chapteh XXU.-TJHE FUGITIVE. After he had tofcen some supper ana ae was rweeuea, Tom began to tell us more. ?? Everything,1' he said, 'was discovered— I know not by what treachery. The King, who seems anxious not to offend the House, sent, asking pennissfonto arrest sis of the mem bent, of whomlwas one, so flut there was time for warning; and for my own part, whatever the others did, I saddled my hone and rode away, and, I dare say, the messenger after me. But I think jhehalh not travelled quite «o fast, and I may be safe here for one night at least.' .'...-. He laughed, butuneasay. In his eyes there was the look of a hunted creature,.and ne started at the least sound. Presently, however, he became bo heavy with sleep and weariness thai; he must needs go to bed, and so, messenger or no messenger, threw himself upon his bed and fell asleep. We eat up late, thinking how best to hide him; yet not so late but that before 5 in the morning I was up, expecting .... I.., *1-an t/t AnA rtio moaanniMtrfi ut. thfl dnnr. Hiif thorn was no one. Presently Tom came, awakened by Mr. Hil yatd, and grumbling that he could not have his deep out. But there was no time to lace, for the village was already fitlfflOJF* ' ' .'?..'?' ?* The garden of the Manor House Is separated from the : ands only by a field of coarse grass. By orosnog this field* which can generally be done without being seen by any of the villagers, one can gain access to the castle by the old postern. It was thus that we hurried Tom to his first place of concealment— a chamber known to no one but Mr. Hal yard and myself. It Is below the level of the inner bailly, but yet not underground,*becauBe its window is above* the rock, and looks ontacross the sands and the sea. Thecham ber was, perhaps, once used for a place of confinement, though the window is larger than one commonly finis Jn each gloomy placep. It is approached by certain vaults sow ruinous and parti v fallen in, the entranoe to which is itself half bidden by broken stones and briars, so that it looks like a broken hole in the wall. Here we thought be might He hidden as long as he pleased. „„„ . ' ' . At first Tom was as pleased as a child with a new toy. As soon, however, as he felt himself safe from pursuit, he began to reflect that a cell might be secure but yet uncomfortable. So anxious we were about the main point that we gave no thought to anything «lw, and considered not the wretched ness of wafting all day long in a stone chamber, whose window has no glass, and where there U neither cu»ir, bad, nor table, nor any convenience at all for comfort. The con veyance of time things to the chamber without observation or suspicion g&rena; the first of many lessons in the diffi culty of being secret ; anybody may easily keep a secret, but no one knows, except those who have unhappily been forced to try, how hard it is to do a thing secretly, so as neither to be seen nor suspected. In a few days the history of the warrant and Tom's flight might be known even ia this remote village; the messengers would certainly come here in search of him ; it was, therefore, of vital importance that his presence should be suspected by no one. How, therefore, all that day I conveyed small pieces of furniture to the end of the garjien and dropped them over the wall for Mr. Hilyard to pick up and carry them across to the castle ; how, with his own hands, that ingenious man, as ready with-a carpenter's tcote as with a Latin poet, constructed and fitted first a window-shutter and afterwards a rude kind of window-sash; how he carried blankets, candles, wfne, tobacco, and provisions to the cell, need sot be related. No one, from the mere fact of seeing us go up to the castle, would have suspected anything, because it was my daily resort. At nightfall we carried a goodly supply of supper and whisky to the cell, and there I left Mr. Hilyard, who cams not away until Tom was so much fortified by strong drink that be was in a condition not to fear the ghosts of the castle, and yes, in fact, already asleep upon the hard bed he had made up for him .with blankets and pillows strewn on (he stones. Tb.OB.our charge began. As early in the morning as was possible without causing any who saw to ask why I want to the castle, carrying breakfast under my cloak. All the morning I sat with Tom. At 1 o'clock I took him dinner; in the evening Mr. Hilyard brought supper and eat with him. After a time oar prisoner grew peevish and hard to please. He was anxious to change hi* quarters, and had it not been for a scare that we had would perhaps have gone off to seek shelter elsewhere. Of this I will speak presently. ' Be laughed scornfully at Lady Crewe's 'counsel. It would be safe, he said, for him to surrender when the Prince himself could safely surrender, and not before. There was enough again ft him to hang a dozen men if hanging was to begin; and he had left ail his papers behind to be seized by the officers. ' When the ehip is sinking,' he said, 'a min cares first to get off alive. I knew not when the warrant would arrive, to mounted and rode away without waiting for any one. Why, what matters ? If they had not taken my papers they would have taken some other's.'* It was a grave baainees indeed; and graver than we looked for at first when he thought he was to be arrested only on account of his opinions. ' So it is, howerer, Dorothy,' he said, 'and nothing is left but to push on the Prince's interests. Fear, not, child. Why, all is ready; this country is with us ; the train is laid, let a week or two and thou shaft see an explosion will - etartle all England. . Fortune and rank are before us when we hare succeeded.' 'And if we f ail ?' Mr/Hilyard muttered, with serious face. 'Tony,' said Tom, 'I take that fora most peevish, ill-natured speech. 'If we fail,' he says! Why, do you ask a eailor when he embarks what be wiil do if the ship be wrecked f or a soldier before a battle how if he bef&ot;? Hark ye, brother — there is one comfort for me if we fail. I risk my neck, but not my estates, [for I have none. So talk no more of fajlure, Tony, if you love me.' Whenever I think of this time, and consider that we were engaged opon so dangerous a piece of work, much I wonder that we cairied it through with success. Yet we did, thanks to the extraordinary precautions taken by Mr. Hil yard. : For, first, he would have none in the secret at all— no, not even Tom's old companions, Ned Swinburne and ' Perry Widdriegton, though they rode over ? dozen times a week for news of their friend. -To them Mr. Hilyard replied that he had good asfioraaoe of his Honor's safety, but that until Mr. Forster chose to reveal his whereabouts it wou!d]be better for bis friends mt to inquire. Nor would he suffer any of the people in (he vil lage to be informed, nor the maids in the house, sayfnjr that theee would be the first to be suspected, and, if they were arrested, would certainly, from sheer tenor and dread of the whipping-post, tell all they knew. M Pinch * rat,' he said, ' anflfhe will squeak.' As for the additional food required, we both pretended great and uncommon appetite. Mr. Hilyard, for his part generally a small eater, though valiant with a bottle, assumed the guise of a desperate trencherman, mmnftrinB- himwlf Iwith the Grand 'HanimnA himaait who was aaiff to devour daily enough to maintain ten ordi* nary people (I mean pot in the rhetorical sense, in which he hath devoured — that is, impoverished— his whole country, but in the literal sense). Then, after nightfall, he would Bteal out, carry ing a great basket laden wi 'h next da j's pro visions to-the chamber in the castle, where Tom would take his supper, and they would talk, drink* and smoke tobacco till the prisoner was sleepy. This we did daring the whole of the month of August and half-way through September, Tom all the time expecting every day to hear of a rising over the whole country. - No news coming to us, he chafed and wondered by what mi8ch'-n'e the project was hindered. I cannot doubt that what Tom told me was true, and that so many noblemen and gentlemen all over the country should be in the plot, should have given solemn promises, and should ba looking for the* business to begin, fills me how with amaze ment that -the result was eo meagre. Alas ! it costs more than promises to make a rebellion become a revolution. As for the scare; of which I have spoken, it was caused by the visit of Mr. Ridley, justice of the peace, with three or four messengers, armed with a warrant to search for Tom. With him was my father, grave and anxious, my brother Jack, and my half-brother Ralph, now a lad of thirteen or fourteen. 'Dorothy,'* whispered my father, 'surely thou hast not been so foolish as to hide Tom in the Manor House ?' »' Kay, sir,' I replied, truthfully and aloud. uFom is not here. Mr. Bidlev might like, perhaps, to content himself.' Mr.jiidley told as that he was charged, to look for and to arrest Mr. Thomas Forster, the younger; that he had been traced north as far as Newcastle:; and Wat it was be lieved he had takenrefuge in this, his own house. I assured him that he was not there. At first he wasfortakingmy word but his officers murmured. Therefore he said that he must, with my permission, visit the house. This he did, in a civil and discreet manner, being a gentleman of as old a family as our own.and by no means desirous of finding Tom. They went into all the roomB, one after the other ; first my own, with the maids' beside it ; Tom's room next, with his bed ready-made, but no sign of it having been used ; and Mr. Hflyard'elast. Then the officers whispered together again, and, with Mr. Ridley, rode up to the Castle wall, where all dismounted, and went into the rooms, my father and I following. ' X ask not where he .is, Dorothy,'' said my father. «' Sure I am that he would tell thee. But is he safe? Mr. Ridley tells me that there is as much against him as against the Duke of Ormond.' ' I believe, sir,' I replied, ' that he is perfectly safe,' TheyEwrched the great keep from top to bottom; they peered down the well; they climbed the broken stairs ; they looked into the open and roofless rooms, along the broken walls; and they found nobody, fiat they did not know of the rained vaults, where the ground slopes northwards t* the postem«gate, nor did they know that in a chamber beneath their feet, looking across the sands, sat at that moment Mr. Forster himself .with Mr. Hilyard, a tankard of ale between them, and each with a pipe in his mouth, u if they had been at White's, in St. Jamea's-street. Thai they went away, and so we were quiet, except for oar floare. Tor my own part I confess that I was pale withterror, andmy heart beat, but chiefly on account of the toy Balph, who still kept running hen and there, as if, like the foolish and ignorant lad that he was, he wished to dis cover his brothel's hitling-place; and I was ashamed of my eelf for being eo had an actor, because my cheeks and eyes made it manifest to some that I was is fear, which made them continue the search more narrowly. ' Humph !' said my father at length, when tho officers desisted from the search, an4 left the Castle. '? Sand me Mr.-Hflyard to-morrow morning.' But Mr. Hilyard told him nothing, and so discreetly con ducted himself that he left my father in ignorance whether or no he knew where Tom was bidden. One officer remained in the village. He knew nothing concerning Mr. Hilyard, but thought that if he followed ms about he certainly should learn something. Wherefore I made feigned expeditions, and led him many a pretty danoa to Belford, Lucker, Bed, and North SundeHand, and would have taken him farther afield (because he had tender feet) but that my own legs would carry me no further. While I T7ss thus tramping across the fields, Mr. HQysrd was sitting with the fugitive m his retreat, keepi ng him cheerful And presently the officer went away, too, and we heard that they were looking for Tom in the hiusos of his friends. ' Let them search everywhere,' said Mr. Hilyard. ' I fear nothing but his own impatience.' Tom could not, in fact, endure the confinement of his cell ; once or twice he broke loose, and I surprised him walking about in the inner court of the Castle by day as if secure that no one would enter; it is irksome for an active man to be kept all day long in a little chamber half onder pround. Then he railed at poor Mr. Hilyard for not taking: his friends into confidence; for not bringing him more beer ; because his food must needs be cold ; because he would not sit with him all day long ; and was as uarsssuuable as a ch'ld, taking the service and patience otthis faithful crea ture as if it were a thing to whioh he was entitled. At n{ght, with his punch and tobacco, he was easier, and told, over SDd over again, bow he became a conspirator ; chiefly because he hoped for wealth, and could not bear to thins that be wae, save for the small inheritance of Etheraton, a dependant on the bounty of his aunt. I think that if Lady Grewehad given him some part of the estate which she designed for him it might have been better. Yet who would assure her that this part, too, would not go the same way as it had gone before ? After all, it is the way of the county ; Tom van not the only Northumberland gentleman who loved a lavish way of life; he was not the only man who cast in his fortunes (after they were ruined) with those of the Prince (which, I now perceive, were desperate) in the hope of winning back all, and more. But if he had o rued something he might have b jen content to watt. Other news Mr. Hilyard rot together; as that Lord Der wentwater remained perfectly quiet; Tom declared that he was never m any conspiracy or plot whatever ; his house at Dilston harboured none of the secret messengers ; to all appearance he was entirely occupied in th* management of the estates, and in the new house which he proposed to build, end, indeed, had already begun, but had no time to finish. I have seen a letter written by him in this very month of August, in which he expressed his earnest prayer for peace and quiet, ' of which,' he added, ' we have had eo little as yet. ' Ah ! had this most amiable of men been torn in a lowlier station ! Could he, without reproach, have spent his life careless of princes and politics, how happy would he bave been ! Some ofns seem especially born tor happiness ; they evidently desire it both for themselves and for those they, love ; they are by nature benevolent, gene rous, active in relieving those who suffer ; such an one was my ' Lord, born to be himself happy and to make others happy. It was, I remember, on September the 15th, being Friday (a most ominous and unlucky day of the week), that Mr. Hilyard came running home with a face greatly agitated. ♦* They have begun .'' he cried. Then he sat down and looked round him as one who is trying to understand the meaning of things. 'They have begun! Alas! It seeded not a prophet when the Queen died to foretell the blocd which should flow.' « ' Who have begnn, Mr. Hilyard ? Tell me —quick I' 'Let us go tell his Honor. He was right; they have b gun, and no man can tell the end. It is easy to talk of rebellion, but to play at it— there, indeed. But let us to the Castle find tell bis Honor.' He sat down and shook his head dolefully. ' What hath been begun P' I repeated. ' The Scots have begun. Four days ago (hey proclaimed the Prince at Kirk MichaeL I have it from the gipsies, some of whom were there and saw it done. They are reported (obealready five thousand strong1.' This Was news indeed. Should we be kept back when the Scots had led the way ? Why, in a moment all the things I had heard since I was a child rushed to my brain. The Hieing was always to begin in Scotland ; it was to be sup ported by the Highlanders ; it was to be followed by Risings in Ireland, the West, the North, and the Mid* land Countijes. The project waa always the same. And now, after many yeata, we wen to see the great design carriedout. The thing was so gteat that to think of it as begun made one's head to reel, . ** Yes,' said Mr. Hilyard, gravely, 'his Honor will have biscbisce at last. It is an Emri'o coronet— promised, by the chief oft* House which is famous, as everybody knows, for keeping fvomises— -the gratitude of the Prince on the one side; onlhe other—- what ? At the best, flight in France; at the werat~nay,\M)sB Dorothy, look not so pale. In war, fivtn in civil war, which is fiercer and more sanguinary, there are a thousand chances. What? The Prince may Vtdl fifl/vtAEufiii * 4~)ta Armvr osi tfiavt fwttu* «mov» «y*in him ? tka ?mrv uwnwwvtUK j i m r t~~ ~ J £ *?*» wiwj S*wwv% l^BMV IVU& B*a^U ? VI -' r sailors, as they desire, may mutiny ; the people, as they trust, may love Divine right more than thev fear the firm ot Smithfield ; they may love ;the comely face of a young Prince more than they dread the Inquisition. What do I know? Even London— all is possible; all— believe me. Wherefore, courage ; we are embarked upon an enterprise full of uncertainty. But courage ; ail may yet go well, though one may stall fear the worst.' With such despondency did Mr. Hilyard receive the news which filled my foolish heart with joy. But he was never a Tory at heart, being so jealous for the Protestant religion that he could never believe the Church safe under a Catholic Kicg. He went off, therefore, hanging his head, to carry the news to the castle. : Tom took the news with so much joythat at first he waa for throwing off all concealment, and at once proclaiming the Prince on -b.e steps of Bambomugh Castle. Then he would ride about openly and resist the authority of the warrant; or he would take up his residence at the Manor House ; or he would enlist as many men as possible, and go across the border to join the Scots. All those steps Mr. Hilyard combated, pointing out that the pursuit and search after him would be the hotter for the Scotch news ; that to resist the warrant would be madness, unless he were assured of hie friends' backing; and that no Northumberland men would cross the border to fight beside the Scots. 'However,' said Tom, 'one thing I am resolved— I will loam tliia mimui) fiAirlinlA pnd fYiat. af nnna Wham niao canst thou stow a man, Tony ?' 'Why, indeed,' said Mr. Hilyard, 'there is no place so snug as this. But, if proper precautions are used, 1 see not why Fame Island— but that when all else fails— or Blancbland, or there are dry holes np Devilatone Water, or there are the miner*' huts at Allandale, or, if the worst comes to the wont, there are the gipsies, who would take your Honor across the Cheviote by a safe path, and eo to Lord Mar himself, if you are assured— -' ' Assured, man ! I am assured of nothing, save that it Is my only chance. But fintlet me talk with some of air friends.' He was bo restless that, to keep him quiet, we agreed to ride with him to Bianchland, where he might confer with Lord Derwentwater. We rode by night for greater safety, resting at the house of a friend who shall be nameleas--of friends there were {plenty— in the day. There was to be one more night journey for me with Tom, but of that I knew; not then, and rode beside him proud and joyful that the long suspense was to be ended and the battle fought. The God of War is worshipped, I am sure, with as much faith by women as by men. To me, thinking while we rode silently in the light of the moon upon the open moor or ia the black shade of the woods, my heart glowed within me, and it seemed as if we were only doing, at last what ought to have been done long ago ; since the right was with us* the Lord was with us. *? ?? Yes,*' said Mr. HuvarJ*when I told him this. ' But still I say, tappy the man who joins the last, when he is quite sure the Lord is with the cause and hath proved His favour by manifesting His might. How know we that, if Heaven intends to interfere, the time of interference hath vetatrived?' ? ? Thus it is with men who exhort each other to be strong, to have faith, to rejoice in right and justice, and to make poor women feel certain. Yet, when the time comes, there are so meny' doubts and hesitations that one looks oa in amaze, end asks where faith hath gone. No messengers had come to Blanohland, nor, we found, was there any knowledge of the business at alL We rested there one night and the next morning I rose early, and, leaving Tom in his lonely place, rode across the moor with Mr. Hilyard to Dilfton, not without some* misgivings of ray meeting, with the Earl (which were unworthy of him as well as of myself}. 