AN OCEAN WAIF. [. I w e Dr A OBAYARiEa. " I was second matatatthe time," boga Mr. Humphrey:Roband; who related to us tllo fol. lowing story, 'l' d -our vessel wars a4baurk; named the Eagle, .iWe were bound fiomNew, port, in Monmouthshiro, to apoe. Towns'writh a cargo of iron, and then we were to go on to ?eolbourne,and thence to Callao. ]lesidc'm; there were Captain Blackett, the'masteri and Josiah Bitting,. the chief mate, aloniswith fifteei or sixteen hands forivard, including tho` I idlers; and, taking'us all roundI don't think that ever a better ship's company sailed out of an English port. There wasn't:af frigner among us; there was no growling, no lotting; E everything was done quickly and with v will, 1 and it was not only a pleasure to gite an I order, but a happiness to watch the exeaution of it. :Well, we left Newport on" o Mlbnday afteroon, and went away, downv the Bristol , Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all I plain sail; in the finest of weathers.: For near s upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under, uo, made I feathery by the whipping of the breezes which blow, sometimes nor' east and sometimes nor' west, coming now and again a triflefrsh, but I never so strong as to cause us once to rl the mainroyal day or night. We saw nothing of the trade wind till we were in about lrtitude I 20\. degrees north, and then, after blo ing us along for a spell, it failed us one morni g with slowly falling glass and a long, ag r grey swell coming out of the son' west;,anu a sort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er with hake that might have passed for the drainins,.from 1 smelters' chimneys. Amid this the sei hung like a huge -jlly-fish, a shapeloess 'a ing of brightness, wsith eoaroe enough of p wor in him to put a streak of 'light into.the brow of the swell that swung heaving up talllout of. the near horizon, with summits.that semed to be trying to wash the yellow stain ie made out of the vault of hoe sky. Thenr was a queer smell of decayed marine vegetable mat ter about, which came up in whilfs vhen the rolling of the bark made white wate: along side, and, spite of the sky being thid enough to let the ghost of the sun show through, there.was a look overhead that made you think that, if it was night; you'd seeo green lightning playing about over the mratheads, like the darlings of the phosphorus from the ship's side in black water when you're in the tropics and the night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of the ocean. "Well, what these plain signs botokened came to pass right enough. Tie glass went on dropping, and the swell came along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock that afternoon there was scarce mnore daylight visible than you'll find in the last lingerings of twilight ashore. We were onugged down to lower top-sails, the yards square, for there was no call to. brace them one way of another wheri for hours there hadn't been a breath of wind, no, sir, not so much as to givQ a flutter to the vane at the royal masthead, saving what the barque gave herself by the sweep of her spars. All hands wore on dle standing by, knowing that something wasbtound to happen, but incapable of gucosing rom what quarter it meant to come. It ws as much as we could do to see one anotlwr's faces. The strain on the spars and riging was something fearful with the rolling, and in the gloom overhead you could hear t o creakiug and complaining, the squealing f sheaves, the groaning of parrale and truss . At four o'clock, or thereabouts, the wind owept down upon us in a body, right in the ako of the swell. It was wind at first, but j became a moving wall in a short time, an4 before the elowlines could be manned tho foretopsail blew up and burst into amitherecls, just like one qf those elastiO air-balls when filled too full, It was a terrible tempest. I, who have seen some fearful weather in ely time, will take my affidavit that a worse storm of wind never raged than that. It picked the sea up and made wheels of the waves that looked-I don't say they were-but that looked to be forty or fifty feet high. The Eagle was full of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of watle' forward, so that tlhe under deck forecastle was scarcely to be come at by the men through the scuttle. In the troughs, during the weather rolls, the barque would lay so far over to windward that it was enough to make the oldest seaman hold Iis breath to look at the curl of the oncosming sea, and lspnculato whether ,it was possiblo that sho could hoist herself out clear of that terriflo, white, roaring, flashing arch before it rolled its enormous volume clear over her. But the Eagleiwas a good sea-boat, having a flaring.bow that forced' the head surges to throw heir uii and a 'swell -of the sides that made her'tork-likd on the lean of a twenty foot hill of water. Had sihe been of the ordinary tank.shape it, must have been all froth to ten foet horve the mast.coats, With the watch on. deck in the .weathor-rigging, and the master and mates kreeping a look out in the cabin and conning her by the tell tale. "For three days we had terrible weather; then it broke, the wind veered to dud east, and afterbldwing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours settled away into the north- east and blow along.steady and bright again into the trade wind. 't was a Wednesday, the morning watch and I had charge of the deck. Daybreak found us under a forotopmast stun' sail; the sky clear, and the cast as green as moonlight with the dawn. The sea was calm, the trade clouds rolling in puffs:of vapor athwart the stars overheadandin thowest, and the horizon a line as black as y6u could pro duce by the sweep of a pair of compasses dipped in India ink. I stepped over to leeward to have a look at the sea under tihd foot of the irainnail, and just then the. arch of the sun jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing across the ocean, the extremity of which sparkled upon an object that appeared white and glistenng in the rhdiahco; It bore aboutfour points on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and, took a look. She was a vessel, of 'what rig I cbild not distinguish, butapparoutly under smallnail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and then hadanother look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but-of this I could not yet be sure, though the small canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I re ported the sail to him. He pointed the tele. scope at her and said: 'It seems a case of distress. Your sight's better than mine; have you made out anything resembling a color?' ' No, sir.' ' Well, we will bear down and see what's the matter. Keep her away,' he called outto the follow at the wheel; and at the same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This was done, and thevessol broughtabout apoint on our lee bow. It was not long before, we were able to make her out very plainly with the glass. It.was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged' ship, of abouteight hundred tons; her three lower top ails anndtopmoststaysailhadbeenblown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower mizzen rig. ing theEnglish ensign had been seized, union own, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, malting as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a sharp lookout for anything that should resom blo a human being; but there was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish deck. house aft, and the remaint of another one for. ward. There was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quit; giving herself a olowelant now and again that hove a spacoe of her wet side into the cun.and made her flash out like a beacon. 'i e looks.to be abandoned; dir,'says 'I to the captain. ' Why, yes,tthat'sherappearance, cer. tainly,'-eays he. - ' But it's a fine morning; no harnf can be done byyourstopping aboard and giving her a:brief overhaul.' So the bark's maintopeail was laid to the mast, a boat low. ored;andthree hands pulled me aboard the wreak. Two meil clambered over the rail -after me leaving one in charge of the boat. "We stood a moment looking around. Her .decks were full of rafil, ropes, staves, and cases, and-the like, the main hatches were off, as if-the croew had been jettisoning her cargo, hber port bulwarks forward of the main rigging were smashed flush with the deck; and altogether she had the moat wreaked and strained appearance tlhat amost ever I aw in a vesseol afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out ' Anybody aboard hero ?' but the only answer that came was the sound of the streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the bubbling and washing noise of the water over the side. 'No fear as to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the men. 'An empty coffin could'nt be more destitute of life.' I stopped to the door of tlhe deck house and looked in. There was no appearance of injury here. A table went down it, with:fixed chairs on one side and a looker on the other, and on the port oido was a raw of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this' deck-houso swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, ' I'll just step in and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was no name on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her itern was under water.; but scarce had I uttered the, above observation when a sort of thin, wailing erycame from one of the cabins. ' Hello I' says' one of the men, ' the crew has gone and left poor pussy*behind. ' Pussy I' says I, who had caught the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing; ' that's no oat, lads. Iollow me.' And I.walked straight to the cabin, from which the sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw just the kind of sight my. mind seemed to have been prepared, by the cry we had heard, to witness. The cabin was a" bit of box with a scuttle over the topmost of a couple of bunks. There were some female garments on the deck, along with an infant's feeding bottle, broken, and a fewoother domestie odds and ends only met with at sea when there are women aboard. As we entered a second small; wailing cry came from the upper bunk, and, looking, we spied a dead woman. in it, with her right arm cast round a baby nine or ton months old. It was impossible to tell that she was dead till we drew close and saw the signs plain. She was a young woman, not more than twenty-six or twenty seven, the hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt she had been pretty enough, but now her face was so strangely white that she might have passed for a figure worked in plaster of Paris. The baby was too young to sit up; lie lay-it-was a boy, sir--he lay in his dead mother's arm, giving nolO and again the queer cry we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours. I picked him up out of the bunk, and found him waet through, and his flesh like stone for the cold. Hise mother's clothes-if the woman were his mother, which I don't doubt- ware streaming wet, too, and this made us suppose that she had been driven from the desok by the washing water, and had entered her cabin and lain down to die there. "-The men vspoke hurriedly about how it came to pass that these two should have been left alone in the wreck. YWho was she? I said there was no accounting for what hap pened at sea. She might have been the wife of the master, who was drowned in the storm, and left no one to look after her; or all honds might have perished in getting the boats over, or the crew might have forgotten her when they pat oei; there wacano telling.. Tters lay the woman dead, I said; and I gave the baby to one of the men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled ofl my coat to wrap the little chap up tn, for' bh trembled like a shivering bird with the cold, and kept on wailing, as if oar hIandl ing him and thosohnd of our.voices had put a bit of life into him. Wolooked hurriedly into the other cabins, but they were empty, and se could find no papers. There was no gooadbriaging tho dead mother along with us to bury; the ship she was in was her rightful collou, and being very deepl, with her main hatch open, I riglitly reeckoned tlai the nest bit of 000 that got up would sink the orrck fast enough. I don't say as I didn't mumble a prayer as I came away holding the little chlap. It was an affecting sight to see that young woman lying there so lonely--quite recently dead, as we might suppose by her little one being allve; and when I took a last peep at her I almostfelt as if she know, that I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for the barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. loband?' singe out Capt. Blackeott, lean ing over the rail. ' A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him see tlie little face inside. ' Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands. 'Look sharp and get aboard." All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and there went a deal of hoarse whispering among the men as'the pressed forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain-the worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship ; lhe pulled off his cap as if awed by the misery 'and soiferiog that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. 'And the mother lies dead yon der, Mr. Ioband?' says he, pointing to the wreck. 'Ay, sir,' says I. 'God receive her l' says he. 'D'yo understand the management of babies, hr. lRoband?' ' Whiy, I have two of my own,' I answered; ' but I was so much away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wife did to 'eor to keep 'em healthy.' But what we have to do with the baby," says I, 'is to feed him and get him warm atonce.' ' Thoentake him below-take him below, Mr. Roband,' cries the captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, - and never mind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him' to my cabin, and sung out to the oteward to'help me un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a two-thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and my fingers. were square. edged, and we had to be very careful in haul ing out the safety pins and clearing the little chap of the things he was dressed in. He* cried so that I was in agony, making surewe were hurting him; fbt the steward said: 'No, I know the nature of infants; it would be unnatural if they didn't cry; it's a fashion their loungs have of -growing.' 'Are :you sure ?' says I. 'Cocksure,' says he; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Roband ?' . Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket we had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at the ghlley fire; and while: I was sitting waiting for the steward, with the baby lying on my knees, the captain comes in. ' God help this poor little one l'. says he; 'what age would you take him to' be, Mr. Roband?' ' Not a-year old,' says I. ' Not a year old I' he cried;- 'how wonderful 'are the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellows who. filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas amid whose hollows you. observe the little stormy petrel securely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it was rio good; I couldn't get -the milk down his throat; it capsized down his neck, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more dificult. ' Here, give ime hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put the baby on his -knee. Well, he know more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a bit the little chap fell aulcep,.wlhere upon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. S'Sir, we had some hopes of his thriving after this. He was a sort of a trial in his way, for he wanted washing and dressing and feeding and.looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding for such work. He was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an infant; blue as the heavens under which we were sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him lie naked on a flannel shirt stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make me feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home and this bairn's loneliness to frouble me too much. HIe iad but the clothes we'found him in; so the Captain and I gave each of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a chap named Claw, to make into a couple of suits of linen for the baby; and this and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his little stern and legs kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on the ensign when the weather was fine and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd see the moving fancies he'd put into the nm as they'd creep aft-and I never pretended to notice them to have a look at the little 'un. Many a stream of tobacco joice I've seeon them squirt overboard -from the quarterdeck after watch ing the baby, as if their hearts were too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, sir, there came an end to this. It must have been the cut ting of a tooth, I think. lie had a fit, but pulled through it, and we thought him all right, and I left him sleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk while I went on deck. We were then in latitude 2? degrees south, in the tail of the trade wind. I had been on deck two hours, when the steward came up through the companion, and, ap proaching me slowly and spakling very solemnly, he says: ' Mr. Roband,' he says, ' little Jiummy,' that was the name he went by. ' Little Jimmy,' he says,' has gone to jinec his mother.' I started and said: 'What's that you say?' He answered: 'Our little un's dead, sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at the baby that lay a corpso in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sir, and tihe eight broke mne down, and one or two heaving sobs came from me, no more to be helped by me than the tightness in tny throat. ' Oh, sir, it wasnas if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had cherished and looked after had died of the Cape cold in spite of your love. Only this was an immortal being, a fellowv creature, a little baby thant we had pluhked from the very brink of an ocean grave into which his mother's dead embrace was dragging him ; and we had learned to love him.' 'loe is gonel' said Captain lilackett; 'tis God's will, EMr. io. band. We did our duty by himn-wo could not havodone more.' We lmay takle it, sir, that his mother vwanted lio,' says tlhe steoward. 'Ay, stovward, and herontreaty has been answered,' iays the captain, with aglance aloft. "I could not take any land in equipping the little mite for lis funeral. I was too much upset, sir. The sailmnaker made a tiny hammock for him, and they put his hands togethoer, and smoothed tlhe little wreatlhs of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed hiim in clean things, and, beolre lohe was stitched up, all hands lay aft to say good-bye, and no'er a man anlong them t hae tt nitered tllhe cabin but stopped to give the little cold face a kiss before leaving. \u keop him till nest day, and buried him after eightbells had been made. It was a green, windy, glistening morning; the emerald seas ran at us, melting in froth as they came, and the shadows of the" men gathered around the gangway swayed at our teeat as the bark rolled over the surges and the dancing sun darted beams like spears of light from the clouds.. through wvhich he swung.; Oh, sir l the contrast of that little hammock upon the grating with the huge. grave that was to receive it I The serveie was almost more than some of us could bnar; I'd seo the men turn their heads away and look down, and when at lastit cameeto the passage that'e a signal at sea for the tilting of the body into.cth water, we alt let our breath out in a sob as the tiny I?nmmoolk ped like a snowflakd over the side and vanished in the slant of a sonawhoeo breaking umnmit flashed a iainbow over the upot."-Loedsn Teleranth. 