Catholic Intelligence. VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. THE MONTH OF MARY. The Devotions for the Month of Mary were continued in the principal churches during the past week, and were well attended. ST. PATRICK'S CATHSDBAL. At the Cathedral on Sunday last parents were requested to send their children to the 9 o'clock Mass, and to catechism in the Afternoon. ST. BRIGID'8, NORTH FITZROY. A special meeting of the Christian Doctrine Society was held In the schoolroom on Sunday evening, 5th October, when Mr. M'Speerln, the president, presented Mr. Peter Connolly, sen., with a handsome gold cross, the gift of the teachers. The president alluded to the great number of years Mr. Connolly had conducted the Sunday-school, and to the zeal with whioh he had laboured. He that the cross would ever be a ig memento of Mr. Connolly's eonm with the school. Mr. Connolly »ly responded, and, after compll- ,ary remarks had been made by seven! of the members, the meeting adjourned in the nsual manner. Tae completed aisle of this church (the northern one) is now thrown open to j though not for occupation. An ld«a Is thus afforded of tbe oondltlon ih the ohurch will present when both a are finished and open for use by th^ congregation. St. Brigid's will then betone of the handsomest of the suburik churches. L preliminary meeting of St. Brigid's alar attendants was held in the schoolroom on Wednesday, the 8th inst., for th > purpose of forming an Altar Society. Ti ere was a good attendance of members. Tie Rev. Fr. M'Eenna presided. Mr. pJCosgrave read tbe rules in force at thfc Cathedral, and explained that it was in 1 ended to adopt similar rhles in this in tanee and to carry them out strictly. It was arranged that the first ordinary mi sting should take place on Monday evening, 20th inst., in the schoolroom, be ore whioh those wishing to become mi mbers are requested to hand in their r nt nes to the seoretary. The chairman named the association "St. Joseph's Altar Society." The meeting then terminated with prayer. ST. GSOBFTE'S, CABLTOW. There-opening of St George's Church, Carlton, after extensive repairs, alterations, and re-seating, will take plaoe tomorrow, His Grace tbe Archbishop will officiate. High Mass will be celebrated, and the ocaasional sermon will be preaobed by the Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.G.C. Those who attend the ceremony to-morrow, and who have seen St. George's in its old condition, will be agreeably surprised at the transformation effected. Mullion windows have been substituted for the plain ones, which were as ugly as they were familiar. The walls have been tuck-pointed on the outside and oil-painted on the inside. The roof has been lined and handsomely stained, and general repairs have, been executed. Two beautiful new statues havebeen erected, one on either side of the altar, and a handsome marble holy water font (the gift of the members of the St. Francis Xavier's Society) has been fixed at the principal entranoe. The ohurch has been comfortably seated throughout. The nsual wisekly meeting of the St. Francis Xavier's. Society was held on 13th inst.; the president in tbe chair. Uesra. Drought and Crow were admitted to membership, and there were three nominations. A donation of two guineas was received from Mr. W. Quirk, and one guinea from Cr. levers, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to these gentlemen. ST. JOSEPH'S, OOIJJNOWOOD. The Michaelmas Fair in aid of the erection of St. Joseph's new school, Oollingwood, was brought to a close ta the Foresters' Hall, South-street, on Saturday last. The enteijMise has been attended with ail the success which was desired and expected, and the ladies who have worked so hard in connection with the fair for several months past are highly pleased with the result of their BT. AT.TPIP8' UHUBOH. QABXAiCni. • The Holy Sacrament of, Confirmation was administered to about 130 candidates in the above church on last Sunday, by hieOxaoe the Archbiabop of Melbourne, after the eleven o'clocktMass, which was oelebrated by Fr. ; Oarey. gjHis Grace was - assisted by . the Bev. Dean Donaj^y, aad Fr. CalulL « Amongst t&Ofe; *bo were MbfinruiL wsfc r steven *eformatory .girl*, from .fte Go4d Shepherd i^hpS^sMp.vl^ Gharch. Both before rand after cm- erring tbe Sacrament his Graoespoke t some length, lucidly explaining Hs * — * *• ' 'mts, which oame Feral Ohrist. Tbe Seven"Gift« of the Holy Ghost were explained. His Gtaoe, who was listened to with beooming attention, exhorted the recipients toguard these seven tewHuHt, particularly that great gift d pro, whioh protects the soul amidst. B» greatest temptation; also, the pndi . fortitude, whioh enabled the true wlflwl of Christ to sailer martyrdom at ; Jaith. Benediction of the most Holy Sacrament was given after the ooiilkiaa»T tkm. The convent children sang the O SaMarit, Tantvm ergo, and MAS, hymns in a style whioh reflected great credit on their devoted teachers. DANDENONG. A concert in aid of St. Mary's building fund was given in the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, 9th inst.; The audience was very large, and in- oluded Frs. Qnilter and Carey. Those who took part in the entertainment were Mrs. Woodley, Misses Jones, Griffin, Ladson, Zorn, and Messrs. Clark, Woodley, Lennon, Pennyfather, Ogdan, Dobson, and Hioks. Fr. Quitter, in proposing a vote of thanks to the singers and patrons, said that the attendance of all sects showed that the community was like a happy family; he also mentioned the name of Dr. Moore, who had taken great trouble in ensuring succees. Subsequently there was a dance, which was thoroughly enjoyed. The hon. seoretary, Mr. D. J. Ahern, estimated the receipts at £30. Mr. and Mrs. Dobson, of the Shamrock Hotel, are deserving of thanks for having taken great interest in the success of the oonoert, and also for having entertained the whole of the visitors from town free of charge. A correspondent writes:—Since the appointment of Fr. Qnilter to this mission considerable progress has been made. A handsome and substantial belfry has been ereoted, and a bell purchased by him is hung. An iron tabernacle bM been supplied for the reception of the Blessed Sacrament, before which a lamp is oontinqally burning. The church, too, has been lighted with lamps, instead of candles as formerly. Mass is oelebrated in Dandenong twice in the month, on tha seoond and fourth Sundays, and Benediotion of the Blessed Sacrament given at 7 p.m. four times in the month. A good choir has been forborne time estab- lished under the,able leadership of Krs. Fitzgerald, postmistress of this town, who renders valuable assistance at the evening devotions and in singing Mass. A debt on the Presbytery furniture and balance of rent due has been paid. Altogether more than £120 has been contributed towards the different objects within the past three months, and now Fr. Qnilter is engaged in raising fnnds to repair the church. As a commencement he has already held a oonoert for the purpose. [The entertainment referred to is that reported above.—ED. A.] GEBLOHB. (From our own Oorrespondtnt.J The last monthly meeting of St. . Patrick's Society was well attended, and Mr. J. Kerley, president, was in the. ohair. Four members were deolared on the siok list, five nominations for mem-. bership were received, and slok visitors for the various districts were appointed. The meeting then terminated. A beautiful new organ has just been ereoted iu the choir of the pretty ohuidl at the convent. The Instrument was purchased In Melbourne at a oost of about £400. _ . , ^ The Rev. C. Nulty, S.J., intends to give a short retreat to the boarders and Children of Mary at the convent towards the end of the present month. The list of subscriptions towards the support of the schools, read on Sunday last, was headed by a donation of £1010s.. from the members of St. Mary's Society of Children of Mary. 