ECHOES OF MEIBOURNE. (BY Tun Gnose;) S March 1.. Three weeks ago Mr Serviceinformed the gentlemen of the Press, who,.doubtless, for his sins and their own, are. expected to in terview .the Premier overy day, that the Governinment intended at once to set to work to prepare the measures to be'submitted to Parliament during the next session. How that intention has been carried out may be surmised from the fact that at the present time Mr. Gillies and Mr. Kerferd are in New Zealand;,Me. Service himself at Sor reonto, Mr. Tucker on a visit to Branxholme, Mr. Levien somewhere "gatheringinforma-' tion about our forests," and Messrs. Berry and Deakin on a trip to the fern district in the vicinity of Lilydale. Not one of his' Excellency's advisers, with the exception of the martial Colonel Sargood, to take counsel with Lord Normanby. If Mr. Service proposes, it is evident his col league8'dispose of their own time. Now that the Civil Service Commissioners have relieved Ministers of the cares of patronage their town offices no longer possess the old chhrm. Beyond affixing their autograph to a few documents, the members of the Government have very little to do when the Houses are not sitting. Staving off the importunities of pertinacious billet hunters, and the requests of " iifiluential constituents" was wont to be their hardest duty.., "All right. my dear boy," the historical reply "the Major" gave to all applicants for favours during his regime, is now changed to ." Sorry I cannot oblige you, as all appointments are vested in the Civil Service Commissioners." SThese gentlemen are apparently not yet fairly in harness, or else they are already beingignored. For it is openly stated that then ppointments to the two vacant police magistrateships were made " at the recoes mendation 'of the officers of the - Law Department." If Ministers are to hand over their right to confer promotion to the heads of their departments, no great ad vantage is likely to accrue from the much vaunted bill, the magnuma opus of the session, the. measure that was to banish nepotism, favouritism, cliqueism, and all the other "isms" inherent to the patronage system. It is notorious that although some of the "permanent heads" are men of honour and integrity, others are quite the reverse and totally unfit for the posi tion. For instanuco, is a gentleman who has been lddged in the Swanston-street watch-house on a charge of drunkenness, signed a fictitious name to the "property sheet," and been fined next morning by the Bench,'the sort of person to whom should be entrusted the control of an important branch of the Stato service ? Yet there is at the present moment a gentleman "bossing " one of the departments-and the 'Minister also, if rumour is to be believed-who has figured on the list of "drunk and disorderlies." Poor Mr. Bolam did not long enjoyhis new, appointment as Inspector of Govern mont Stores, nor his old connubial happi ness. Three short, weeks after returning to the joys of the "domes et placeus uor," and within a week of'placing on record his belief in his wife's innocence, he has shuffled off this mortal coil and gone to where "theroe :is no giving in marriage," and suits for divorce are consequently un known. "Apoplexy, induced by an over dose of chlorodyne self-administered," was the verdict of the Coroner's jury. In the face of the evidence given at the inquest, it was impossible to. arrive at any other conclusion in regard to the cause of death, Tlheir; Honors the Judges of the Supreme Court are complaining of overwork. Straws indicate the way the wind blows, and this preliminary growl' from the Bench is as surely the premonitory sympton that indi cates a fresh judicial appointment, as is the lightfing 'flash of ad approaching' thunder storm:' Mr. Kerferd, the Attorney General, who has long beeoon anxious to don the ermine, is evidently tired of 'waiting for a vacancy, which it was expected Wouldoccursomemonthsago, andis desirous of precipitating the march of events. Before Parliament again assembles the honourable gentleman will in all proba bility achieve the object of his ambition. The career of the member 'for Beschworth ' is one which parallels that of the Thomas Goodehild of the story- books of our young days. For jeist as in the olden time it was "not given to dvery man to reach Corinth," so in our own few persons starting in colonial life as brewers! .travellers attain the highest judi cial honours. Credit is of course duo to' Mr. Kerferd for having been able so suc cossfully to climb the rungs of the social ladder. Bt there are envious people in the community who say that the Attorney-. Genpralhas always.kept his own personal advantage steadily in view, and that his ,elovation' to the Supreme Court Benichwill afford.another illustration of the saying anent.the, very !narrow step that separates' the sublime from the ridiculous. SThe new. Railway Commissioners have apparently chosen as their model the his torical sailor's parrot. They 'don't talk much, but perhaps think a good deal. And if pending other much- needed reforms they should resolve to abate the nuisance caused by the .inecessary use of the railway whistle, they will have deserved well of their country. Passengers complain loudly of the screeching of the engines during their journey. What therefore must be the torture inflicted on the unlfortunato dwellers in localities where the whol6' day and, a large portion of the night are'made hideous by the discordant noise, compisared to which the canine bayinig of the moon, or a concertl of' amorous cats, is a sweet,Wanorian music?. 'That action has not long. since been taken to end the, annoyance hears ample testimony to ftIt patiene.and long-suffering disposition of Victorians; 'The Railway Commissioners' aetion has not, however, the merit of originality. The 'Board of Health have taken stoeps to stop the fog horns and steam whistles thist summon the various factory hands to their matitudinal labour, or roese them from their slumbers at all sorts 'of unearthly hours, causingall who do not rise at eock-crow t. turn on their couches, and exclaim with the sluggard " You have woke me too soon." Another injustice to. native industry I Proprietors of secular newspapers might learn a lesson from the owners of the War .Csry. It is the only 'religious journal' in Victorin that pays. Much of its success may he 'a ributed to the fact that it is mainly offerdd for sale by members of the fair sex. SIt is:of course easy to resist the blandish Sments of a retired prize fighter who, in a r discardodvolunteerunifortn,desirestotlhrust Sa copy of the ill- printed periodical' iisto your hand, while asking for the "only a' penny" in true stand and deliver fashoibn but it is a far more 'difficult task for sus Sceptiblomankind to refuseto buy a paoer I from a pretty "hallelujah lass," with bright oeyes, pearly' teeth, and ruby lips, who-looks as if, with a very- little persua sion, she would "kiss you for your mother. 'If Messrs. Barker and Co. do not reelkoi tiheir lasses the "crack corps" of the Salvation :Army --just as the 'King of Dahomey: :looks upon his regiment of Amazons;. as the pick of his.warriors-then ,the .astute . gentlemen named, who are at present the leaders of the Army in. Australia, areenot :quite'so clever as is generallysupposed . , The murder at Pierrepoint, near Hamil ton, is still an unsolved emystery. As in the case of the Pettavel crime, the detec tires, the police, and the black trackers cannot discover'the authors of the tragedies. Indeed,' Messrs.- Spider, Johnny, and the rest of the Queensland blacks, only appear to make- confusion worse confounded by their daily discoveries: ' The theatrical doings of the week are not' of a varied kind. At the Princess, "Im- I pulse," in the tenth weekc of its run, still attracts good audiences. "Blow for Blow," 1 at the Bijou, with Mr. J. L. Hall as Chairley 1 Spraggly, seems destined, to have a lqng run. At the Opera' House "My Partner" has given place to "' Jeinie Deans" with I the old Melbourno favourite, Miss Eloise Juno, in the title role, and at the Royal no change is announced from "It's never too i late-to mend." Hiscock's Minstrels have left the Victoria Hall, and have given place to I the M?iller-Foley combination,' over which the goddess Fistiana holds sway. 