The new Catholic Archbishop of Sydney has just been delivering on interesting address on the Fruits of Self Culture. It is.evident that his Grace lives in a different world to the rest of the com munity. His chosen specimens of self culture are a few churchmen of high rank, half a-dozen artists and poets, Mr. Louis Veuillot, a Catholic journalist, who was ckietly distinguished for tho illimitable use of bad language ; Bian- coiii, who extended the use of the jaunt ing car ; and those eminent Irish patriots, Father Thomas Burke and Sir .John O'Shanassy. Science is re- presented rather scantily by the names of Copernicus, Herschell and Faraday; and industrial science is not represented at all, though one would have thought that the names of Watt and Arkwright, Nasmyth and Stephenson, would have figured with some appropriateness in a record of self culture, however brief. Of course the omission cannot be intentional, as his Grace assures ns that " to the child of faith the study of " nature and the pursuits of science " serve only to reveal more and more the " wondrous perfections of God." This is so excellent as far as it goes that we can only regret the general rule should be fenced in with a- rather singular limita tion. The Protestant Bacon has left it on record that "depth in philosophy' " bringeth men's minds about to " religion." The Protestant Novalis has declared that "when men cease " to believe in God they believe in " ghosts." Protestant nations all tho world over are doing their best to popu larise the teaching of science, in tho conviction that the study of nature and nature's laws is not only useful for ma terial progress, but for widening and purifying "the vision of spiritual truth. To tell us no more than that " the " child of faith " will not have his con victions weakened by studying the stars or the human frame is to damn science with exceedingly faint praise. Alto gether, it seems as if his Grace was anxious to avert his eyes from tho triumphs that are mostly associated with Protestant culture, and to attract atten tion to the painter, the sculptor, the inguist and the orator. Art and style are our inheritance from Latin civilisa tion, and the Catholic Churcli can still claim a few great names to itself in this domain. Certainly it is rather ama>ing to find Louis Veuillot painted in language that might be applied to an apostle, as a man who " never parleyed " with' error, never compromised the " principles of truth, never bowed to " injustice, never Mattered the passions " of the great, never flinched before " tyranny." It might have been thought that even an Archbishop would have admitted some dark shades in the character of a bigot, who attacked whatever was moderate and liberal in Catholicism a3 fiercely as he denounced Protestantism itself, and who avowed his regret that Luther had not been burned as Hus was. However, there seems to be one man who is even greater in Archbishop Moran's estima tion, than lil. Louis Veuillot. Of Father Thomas Burke, we are told that ! "few lives can show a more fruitful " record," and that " at home and " abroad he shall long bo remern- " bered as an ornament of his " country." Certainly Father Thomas Burke had the courage of his con victions. In one fervid passage, which Dr. lloran cites, the eloquent Dominican proclaims that " there is no land so fair, " no spot on earth to be compared to " thee, no island rising out of the wave " so beautiful : that neither the sun nor " the moon nor the stars of Heaven shiue down upon anything so lovely " as thou art, O Erin." " We may " define 'amplification,' "says Pope, "to " be making the most of a thought ; it is " the spinning wheel of the Bathos, " which draws out and spreads it in " the finest thread." Certainly Moore's time honored line, "First flower of " the earth and first gem of the " sea," does seen to the Saxon mind to have been amplified into bathos in Father Burke's description. We prefer the more practical details of the vision of what the Irish race is to come to in America. " Think of the "magnificent element of 50,000,000 of " Irishmen filling the public offices and " guiding the destinies of this country. " . . . A power in this land will " they be assuredly to guide and in- " fluence her actions, to draw the sword " inmoment of danger, and to strike such " blows in the cause of God and truth " as have never yet rung on the shield " of injustice, . . . Then, and " not till then, every enemy of Ireland " will stand paralysed to injure her, be- " cause the great phantom of Ireland in " America will cause them to recoil, and force them to respect the dear old " venerated and beloved island." Every one will admit that long before the Irish in America are 50,000,000 they will pro bably have filled the public offices. Beyond that they will never be allowed to go. The American people, who are three-quarters English and German, will never consent to draw the sword for the vindication of Home Rule in Ireland. Irish rebellion will always be what Father Burke, with unconscious humor, describes it, " a great phantom," and the English people will be as little afraid of it .as of any other ghost What is really astounding is that, the Catholic Pri mate of Australia should so far forget himself as to single out for especial praise a passage which is fiat treason wherever it is not very pitiful rant. Let us add a word about the statistics which Archbishop Moran has introduced, Bad which assume the presence in America of " 8,000,000 of Irish birth " and 18,000,000 of Irish blood." They do not agree with the results Df . the American Census Ileports for 1830, which put the popula tion of Irish birth resident in the United States at 1,85-1,571, or appreciably less than tho Germans. The Irish born and those of Irish descent together were estimated in the previous census as only 10 per cent, of the whole population : and as the proportion lias been diminishing since then, it is cer tainly not larger than 8,000,000 al together. By the time it gets to be 50,000,000 the descendants of English men, Germans and Scandinavians will number at least '250,000,000, so that the great phautom of Ireland will not be .bigger in proportion than it now is. What is more, the chances are that by that time the Irish will be absorbed into the American people, and will cease to be a disturbing element at elections and a nuisance iu educational matters. Let Archbishop Moran remember that if we put down four-fifths of the Irish who have emigrated as Catholics and add the French population of Louisiana, and half the immigrants from Canada and Germany, with an allowance for France and Italy, the Catholics in the United States ought to number at least 12,000,000. Thoir actnnl numbers ore just about, half this. It is not in the "least probable that a spirit of vindictive Irish patriotism will be longer lived in She States than the attachment to Catholicism has been. It may weli be that the world is not really much happier, much better, or even much wiser, than it has been, in spite of nil the platitudes that are talked about progress. What is tolerably certain is that it is outliving narrow sectional dis tinctions ; thedivisionintoclansandtribes and small peoples ; the exclusiveness of religious sects. Anciently it was the boast of the Catholic Church that it formed a rallying point for men who bad no other common bond of union, and that the name Christendom united those who acknowledged no single tie of human brotherhood, Kow it is the church that stands in the way of German or Italian or English UDity, and that tries to keep the Irish in every part of the world Irishmen, and Irishmen only, to the crack of doom. Wo can afi'ord to await the result. Civilisation, with all its softening influences, is putting aside the uncouth dialect, the unpolished lite rature, the provincial culture, and the isolation of intolerant creeds, and is gathering its children from all quarters into new homes, where 1 euton and Celt, Protestant and Catholic, are learning to forget the post and to live as fellow men. Ik a momentary visitor from another planet were asked to point his finger to the two sublimest figures which com mand the homage of the highest and most spiritual intellects on this, we sup pose he might indicate without irre verence the sacred figure of Jesus Christ and the figure of William Shakspeare. No two other intelligences in human form so completely absorb the gaze of the race. Shakspeariolatory bulks as largely in the world of mind as Christ- olatory does in the higher world of soul ; and though the number of people -who believe that the son of the ungentle Stratford yeoman was inspired in the same sense as the son of the simple car penter of Arimathea may not be on the increase, the devotion which is' offered to the former is rapidly acquiring the in tense and unquestiouing and emotions character 'of a religion. Look where we will, we find him enshrined in some little circle of his devotees inspired with no other ambition than to spread the wor ship and deepen the influence of the Master. A complete literature has grown up about him, just as it has grown up about the person and teachings of Christ The Bible and the Plays are the two biblia a-biblia, as Charles Lamb terms it, — the books which are no books, which no gentleman's library can be without Though he has founded no sect, there are those who believe in him who do not believe in Christ, and to whom he is the poet of the coming Gospel of Humanity, quite as much as Dante was the poet of Catholicism, and Milton of Protestantism. Jubilees are held in his honor, which are invested with a kind of sacramental solemnity to those who par ticipate in them ; societies are formed to expound and illumine the mys teries that lie ten-fathom deep under each syllable of his recorded utterances ; and his name, like the name of Christ, is used to conjure the shillings and sovereigns out of the pockets of the charitable. Singularly enough, his fate has not been unlike that of Christ's, in the twofold circum stance that myths have grown up about his early life which have taxed the wits of his keenest biographers, and that while his teachings are as catholic as the air of heaven, all creeds claim his authority wherewith to consecrate their own little cults. He has been proved from the internal evidence of his writings, to the complete satisfaction of each, to be a Romanist, ' a Protestant, a Spiritualist, a Sceptic, a Communist, a Republican and a de jure divino man. To pursue the parallel, like Christ he does not appear to have made much impression upon the tallest intel lects and "the superior persons" of his day. Bacon does not mention him, neither does Hobbes ; and the men of letters who might by courtesy be called his intellectual successors, such us Dryden and Addison, speak slight ingly of him, or do not notice him at all. It is almost as amusing to hear what Rymer, whom Pope considered to be a very great critic, but who was really the Valentine Brown of his day, says about him:—" In tragedy he appears " quite out of his element. His brains " are turned. He raves and rambles " without any coherence. His Portias " and Desdomonas are Betty Mackerls." This is nearly as bad as poor George lll.'s opinion: — "Was there ever such stuff " as a great part of Shakspeare ? What " think you ? What ? What ?" Even men of real critical ability, like Hume, Horace Walpole and Lord Shaftesbury, of the " Characteristics," openly disparaged him : while the Tates, Davenants, Cib- bers and other heroes of the Dunciad ac tually set to work to improve him up to the public taste of their generation. No doubt they felt for him as the po lished Celsus might have felt towards Christ, as a rude and rustic innovator ; to use Hume's language, " a country- " man without any instruction either " from the world or books." How complete the reaction has been we have only got to glance around to under- stand. Rival schools of thought are fight ing for his patronage, and in his rainbow colored pages all the philosophies, all the systems, all the fashions of the day lie capsulate. The human intellect has been Shakspearianised just as the human soul has been Christianised ; and the sanction of his imperial name is quoted in every department of life — in the church, in the Senate, in the shop, in the laboratory of the man of science, in the cell of the visionary, on the suicide's grave, at the overloaded board of tho voluptuary, beneath the murderer's drop, at the gilded couch of the wanton, and by the cynic's crusty lips. Tho creatures of his teeming imagination walk the earth to-day in very flesh and very blood. His fools and his philosophers elbow us in every street. Slender and Shallow are to be found in every jus tice's room in the colony ; the melan choly Jacques and tho melancholy Ham let, to whom " there is nothing good " or ill, but only thinking makes " it so" still moralise on the teasing problems of life and immor tality in the closets and cafés of society ; while who has not encountered the obsequious double of the courtier Osric, "spacious in the possession of " much dirt," in the anterooms of Go vernment House; or witnessed the haughty Coriol anuses of the Conserva tive Press turn up their patrician noses at what they are pleased to call " the " Roughs;" that is to say, the ungenteel people with tho small " p " who do not happen to be Conservatives? Among the masqueraders at the Town Hall who are engaged in extending the Em pire of tho Great Enchanter, under pre- tence of getting funds to enlarge St. Trinity's, there must be a fair Portia or two whose short experience of the visitors to their stalls has recalled with a shrug the exclamation of the soul- sick Original : — " Ah ! if to do good " were but as easy as to know what " twere good to do, chapels had been ' " Churches, and poor men's cottages " princes' palaces." That is to say, there would be no need of Ye Shak- speare Faire. 