THE BEST MAN. (FROM THE WOHLD.) LET me introduce you to two men. First, to old Lord Arthur Lanton, a well-to- do, fashionable clubable, Men soifliid bachelor. Somewhat old-fashioned, he called yellow "yaller," and always dropped his final r/'s when talking of readin' or dinin' out. He wore a blue spotted cravat, a buff waistcoat, a geranium in his button-hole, and a goldmounted eye-glass, which he held to, but never stuck in, his left eye. At the time of which I write he was fifty- three and a half, gouty, crackly as to voice, and rather affected in manner. He had iidcuzd considerably, about the time of the Crimean war, and now he played piquet, and belonged to all the clubs that are called after the names of the defunct coffee-house keepers. He lived in Flat A, Regency Mansions, Victoria-street; and his rooms, decorated with old prints, were filled with baths and pipes, and tubes for carrying up roast chickens inside the walls, and things for talking to people ever so far away, and other evidences of confirmed luxury; and he was on good terms with his brother, the Duke of Dorset. Secondly, to young Lord Arthur Lanton—generally called " Art," for short, by his own set. He wore high collars, a black satin scarf with a pearl pin in it, a white waistcoat, a gardenia in his button-hole, and an unmounted eyeglass, which he never held to, but always, even when asleep, it is said, stuck in his right eye. He was twenty-six, muscular, good-looking, and winning in all his ways—except at whist He played polo, and shot pigeons, and belonged to the New Club and various " Juniors." He lived in Flat B, Regency Mansions; and he, too, had baths, and tubes, and many modern photographs, and a cavern fuLl of soda-water and other things, and he was by no means on good terms with his father, the Duke of Dorset. From all which things can be eathered his differentiation, as scientists say, from his uncle, who lived in the liat below him. Art Linton had been scrapish, not to say scampish ; and rumour had it that he had offended the ducal head of the family by giving a party of a mixed and somewhat dramatic character at Dorset-house, into the middleof which theduke had mostunjustiliably popped. However, his chief around of offence was that he had recently been affectionately a]fie hod, and, indeed, openly devoted, to Miss Harry Horton. Her name was Harriet; but everybody had called her Harry ever since she was a schoolgirl. To describe with anything like fidelity dear Harry Ilorton would take up several consecutive numbers of this journal, which might possibly irritate the solvers of the accrostics and the people who read the city article. Suffice it that she was graceful and svelte; that she hnd tossed brown hair, violet eyes— big, deep-lashed, rather mournful, soul-destroying, real violet eyes; that from a mouth that was rather rautine she was wont to laugh, as it were, with a tiny peal of silver bells ; that she had hosts of adorers ; that she rode with perfect hands and danced with perfect feet; that she was a brave girlish girl; and that she was the most downright, audacious, and deliberate flirt in London. This tendency of Harry's arose from buoyant animal spirits, a quick sense of humour, and a perfectly innocent desire to please people. This, however, is a subtle matter of psychological analysis and metaphysical chemistry, and belongs in no way to this veracious chronicle. "Art" and "Harry" certainly made a pretty pair wherever they went. Ascot, Hurlingham, and the Row knew them well; and there was a firm and close alliance between them, spite of the many " keen encounters of their wits," which, I regret to say, frequently led to rude things being said, to pique and petulance on one side, and to growlings and going away after grouse on the other. For all that, they never sent back photographs, or did anything so absurd as to ask for old letters to be destroyed, or to " bury the past," as sentimental folk and poet people do in like cases. They simply sulked, longed for reconciliation, and made no move till a picnic or water party brought them together, and then it was either, " Harry, I was a beast," or "Art, I am sorry." Sometimes only a glance from the violet eyes, or an abrupt ring-crushing grip from a big brown hand; but, at all events, Harry's "make-up" (I don't imply, mark you, that the lady had studied the mysteries of macqitillayr.) and Art's unconditional surrender were always full and complete. They were not engaged, nor had they ever spoken of such a thing; but they were "chums," or, at least, so they said to each other. Their sympathies lay chielly in mutual dislikings of certain people and ways of life. High art in all its forms, creative, critical, aod emotional, they were wont to make almost malicious fun over. Shakspeare, Burne Jones, Wagner, the Society for Psychical Research, melancholy bards, earnest actors with purposes, and generally the group that Art (Low Art she called him) was wont to irreverently allude to as the " Serious Johnnies," were their pet aversions; but there were certain players, and play-houses, and newspapers, and race-meetings, whose names I forget, that they sedulously patronised. They also liked each other, in which last particular I must admit that they were not to blame, particularly at the moments of tender truce-making referred to. They were both poor; for Art, a younger son, had but a small allowance from the irate duke ; and Harry was the youngest of the live unmarried daughters of an admiral ("a retired real-vice-commodore of the pea green, or something of the kind," Art once called him), who was an irascible old sailor of ancient family, who sat as a director all day on the boards of "dicky" companies in the city, and sat at his club all night, telling stories of all the sea-fights fromSalamis to Alexandria. Every wise man has, at some time or another in his life, been struck with the folly he has committed by the simple act of a social introduction. Thin edges of wedges, fractured friendships, nay, murderings of loves, nave sprung from the fatal little formula, "Don't you know each other? Really, you ought! Allow me to present " and then the eternal mischief is done. There is a little devil called the "Introduction Demon," and when the wrong people are introduced to each other, he always chuckles over his victim—the introducer. He (the little demon) had a real good crow when Art Lanton, climbing up Jim Tripper's drag at the last meet of the coaching club, in company with his uncle, to his undisguised delight discovered Harry Ilorton in the freshest and//-cw/V<w-est of rustling white frocks, and then, in obedience to a gentle avuncular murmur behind him, duly presented the elder lord to his—well, his chum. The old gentleman was in amazing form. He doffed his broadbrimmed white hat with Chesterfieldian courtesy, promptly installed himself beside the rustling white frock, and laid himself out to regale Miss Harry with somewhat obvious compliment, and somewhat reckless anecdote of his own early coaching days and nights ("sugar and spice" sort of conversational pudding), all the way to Richmond. His nephew vainly attempted an occasional cut in from his seat behind. No use ; and the moment he permitted himself to wear, but for an instant, a certain trown that Harry well knew, his fate was sealed. Why men will put their stupid heads into the mouths of lionesses, to have them promptly snapped off, is one of time's insoluble problems. Occasionally she threw a short monosyllable over her left shoulder, where nestled the orchid spray poor Art had sent her that morning, but she devoted herself to Lord Arthur ahie. The temptation was irresistible. Uncle and nephew were a new team to drive, and she hustled them along merrily. Art tried in vain to console himself with another white frock beside him. To his horror she turned out to be of a poetical turn of mind, spite of her pretty face, and somewhat brusquely refusing to offer an opinion on the last volume of morbid verse called Hymns of the Hemlock, he sulked and had a bad time of it. His outraged namesake High Art, and all her followers, were for the moment amply avenged for the many insults offered to her and them, and as tor the little Introduction Demon (who was perched invisibly in the horn-basket behind), he almost laughed his little black tail off. Although frequently piped unto (in the shape of invitations), the old lord did not dance, and so ne was not at the Caledonian Ball at Willis's-rooms that night, with a red collar tacked on to his dress-coat, pretending to be a postman. But Lord Art was there in the full bravery and panoply of the Queen's Own Orkney i Islanders, of which gallant corps ne was a sort of honorary sub- I lieutenant Harry was there, as a matter of course, and before he . well knew where he was they were dancing their annual reel (a j weird barbaric thing, in which the performers touch the floor : gingerly with their toes, as if it were red hot, and look regretfully ; over their shoulders at their left legs, when they are not engaged j in tying them into true lovers' knots, and snap their fingers and j cry " Hoo !" at excited intervals). But the rhythm of the reel i didn't crush Art's sternness; and when heled.Harry out for a , lemonade under the famous Sir Joshua in the anteroom, he had lost his wonted smile, looked inclined for war, and sat by her side like a sulky Scandinavian god. The Queen's Own 0.1.s wear, as you know, a costume more archreologically accurate than artistic. " Why has the good uncle of the angry nephew not come to the gay dance?" Harry inquired Ollendorfiianly. " Weren't those roans simply stunning, and hadn't we a good time ?" '"No, I hadn't a good time, you know that; and, forgive me, you are getting shockingly slangy." Harry opened the violet windows of her soul—wide open—and said nothing. "You devote yourself to my uncle—can't help that," Art went on, and then the peal of tiny silver bells tinkled softly; "but then you are never serious for a moment Life is all a reel to you ; why don't you go to Girton and be a Wrangleress or something, or have amission, or go 'slumming'—anything to stop this frittering and frivolling away your young life ?" Art was getting ridiculous, and he knew it; still hefloundered on. "This London world is so empty and shallow. See here, Harry, perhaps I've no right to speak, but let me give you just a little piece of my mind." " I wouldn't give me a very big piece, if I were you, Art; you know you haven't very much to spare," said she of the violet eyes; and then he got cross, which was toolish, of course. "What pleasure can it give you to fret me so?" he growled. " Like all the rest of them, I suppose." If there's one observation that a woman dislikes more than another, it is that just recorded. To be classified, to be made one of a group whose ways and habits are understood as if they were bacteria, or blackbirds, to be summed up as " so like a woman," are statements and criticisms, as a rule, uttered by man in anger and listened to by woman with contemptuous indignation ; and so there was a row royal, and it pivoted on slangiuess in general. " You men," said Harry, " who insist on applying your racing, and cricketing, and boating metaphors to all the events of this life, and who teach us to do the same, haven't an ounce of the pluck of the ' Serious Johnnies,' who have the courage to use words out of the ordinary smokingroom vocabulary because they know what they mean, which the idle and ignorant don't. Do you know, you and I have spent years talking abject nonsense to each other;" and there was just a faint flush as she spoke. In the pause Art had qualms of conscience, and his eyes wandered round the room. "What do you think of that?" he said suddenly, indicating the Sir Joshua before him. He knew she was a fair judge of pictures, and waited for an earnest verdict, to turn the talk into a less stony and perturbed channel. With the rapt gaze of a seraph Harry looked upwards, and murmured softly, " Downright ripping !" It was too much for him, and after her own lecture, too ! "Jlippim! you ought to be put on Baby Ruskins and water for a fortnight. The good old uncle would not admire the young girl's discourse ;" and then he hummed to himself an ill-advised stanza commencing " Crabbed age and youth," and laughed, till suddenly the violet eyes turned into steel-blue, like those of Glaucopis Athene, and as the valse began Miss Horton rose, and flashed out, " What right have you?" and then her partner came out and carried her off, and in answer to subsequent inquiries of Art's she stated coldly that her card was full. For three days subsequently he never called on her—a dangerous experiment with a girl like Harry—three whole days of golden passionate youth lost, three beads fallen from the chaplet that makes up life's rosary. But uncle Arthur did call, and, what is more, asked the admiral to dine with him at Whoodle's, and had long talks with that port-absorbing sea-lion. Then did my Lord Art do a very foolish thing from Mr. Worldly Wiseman's cynical point of view. He wrote to Harry very late one night. He loved the girl, and he told her so. He upbraided himself. His earnestness knocked all the frivolity and irresponsibility out of him for the moment, and he became so earnest, and wrote so late, and used so much note-paper, that the other men in the club thought he must have taken to writing for newspapers, and were naturally indignant, as his conduct seemed a violation of rule forty-seven, which stated that "no trade or calling was to be carried on in the club." The next morning's post brought him a line: "Too late; be brave for both our salces.—H. H.;" and he promptly gave orders to pack up for a ride to the Equator in lawn- tennis shoes, with a parcel of refrigerators to soothe the native chiefs withal. Morning. however, brought him an urgent ivitation to breakfast withhis uncle in Flat A, at which banquet he found himself the solitary guest. "My boy," said his well-preserved relation, as he began on a slice of melon, "you did me a great service, and I sha'n't forget it. She is really charming ;l know you will approve of ray choice: Art, your affectionate uncle is about to take unto his middle-aged, but still fascinating, self a wife." " A what !" " A wife, irreverent nephew ; it may seem foolish to you, probably is. more especially as I don't think she really loves me (true, she doesn't quite know me yet); but she said ' yes ' in a tit of pique with some unknown scapegrace who was playing at sulks. But then, bless you, 1 understand women, and love will come all right after marriage ; and now you know what I want. Special licence next Saturday, St. Dunstan's-in-the-Lane—old City church, you know ; no crowds and reporters and fellows to gossip over it—they can do that in a, week if they like; and (you know our old motto, JSInnc ant minqaam ?) you, my dear boy, are to be my Best man !" " Your what ?" " Confound it, sir ! can't you hear ? Best man ; second best, really," he chuckled, as he made fair way with a reindeer tongue ; " and you are to square the man who runs the church, and the organ-grinding chap, and all the rest of it." Art had his laugh out, he couldn't help it. " Forgive me, dear uncle, but really this new departure is so abrupt—however, I'll see vou safe through it all ; I'll square everybody—bridesmaids particularly. Milk felicitations! St. Dunstan's ! why, that's old Cantley's church ; he was up with me at Cambridge ; capital sort, old Bob ! And now let me see—yes, you are not quite a real peer ; still, you get the licence for the asking. Other people have to go and tell shocking crams to old men called Deans of the Faculty and a Surrogate, who live in (lens in the city and ask stupid questions. Then there's new frock-coat, flower, lockets for the girls, cake—no, that's her department; toasts, ring, telegrams. Yes," he added cheerily, *" it's a close thing, but we can do it, and now I'm off ;" and he got up. " O, by the way," he said, as he turned at the door, " you haven't told me the fair one's name." "Her name!" said the elder peer, as he quaffed off his claret and rang for coft'ee ; " why, I thought you must have guessed it: Harry Horton, of course." The door tanged as Art leaped rather than ran downstairs, and ' Lord Arthur smiled complacently. I That " capital sort," the Reverend Robert Cantley, M.A ; was astounded by Art's abrupt and feverish invasion of him, ana still more so to receive his " marching orders " for the ensuing Saturday, and to hear his old ally's Romeo- like romance. Like a true Friar Laurence he did his best to administer ghostly and worldly counsel, even going the length of ignoring Art's muttered imprecations as he pointed out proverbially that the feminine fish : yet remaining in the social sea were fully equal in flavour and quality to the specimens that had already been, or were about to be, extracted therefrom. But chaff fell flat, admonitions were received with running comments of a kind long expunged from his reverence's vocabulary, and finally he got up. "Look here, Lanton, be a man ; no woman's worth fretting over. Do your duty, don't whine over it; and now pull yourself together, and come and look at my church." The Vicar of St. Dunstan's-in-the-Lane pointed out the mediaeval carvintrs and windows (the designs of which chiefly consisted of interlaced noses and tongs, commemorative of the founder's famous leat), the crypts, monuments, cells, fonts, lecterns, brasses, and a rare thirteenth-century hagioscope, which might have been a kaleidoscope for all that Art knew of its uses —and the exploring party wound up at the vestry. This was a vaulted octagonal stone chamber. Mysterious doors led from it into dark passages; through the dusty ivy that ceaselessly tapped and flapped against the wire-guarded stained glass the sun just managed to struggle in coloured shafts of light, full of dancing motes; the very surplice that hung on its peg in the corner looked like a ghost. It was a queer place altogether. " And where does that go to, pray !" said Art, pointing to a low, wooden door thickly studded with heavy nails, to reach which one had to descend three much worn stone steps. " That's the penitentiary: you see it would have been no use setting impositions to old friars who spent all their days writing Latin, and precious bad Latin too," said the Vicar, " and they did all their swishing themselves; so when they were in disgrace, or shirked the Second Lesson, you know " (Art nodded, he did know), " or went out of bounds, the abbot used to bottle them up in there for a bit till they were sadder, and wiser, and hungrier monk's. Like a peep ?" and he opened the door. In the gloom Art could just make out a table, on which stood a decanter of sherry and a box of Abernethy biscuits. " Heavy work of a morning sometimes,said the Vicar laughingly, " when the font is full as a pool of trout, and the couples are sorting themselves in pairs to be married afterwards. Take care ! if you bang that door you'll never get out, as it shuts with a snap, and takes two keys to open. Fancy being shut up with the spirits of all the erring friars who dolefully counted the hours and their beads therein centuries ago !" Art was glad enough to get back to the vicarage, and felt better after lunch and a big cigar. Suddenly he bethought himself of his duties. " Good-bye," said the Vicar ; " keep up heart, and when it's all over, you and I will go a-tishing together up north. It's a theological pastime, you know, from primitive time." Then Lord Art laughed as he got into his cab, and there was a mischievous twinkle in his eye as he drove off. Probably he was thinking of the old friars. It was a very quiet wedding indeed, only atttended by the "near friends of the parties," as the papers say. The bride arrived at half-past ten, with her bridesmaids, consisting of her sisters and the poetical young lady who had been on the coach, and of whom Harry was, curiously enough, very fond. She looked properly pale and interesting, as, leaning on her father's arm, she swept up the aisle of St. Dunstan's, an operation, by the way, which the old woman in the black bonnet and shawl, who ushered them in, had previously performed that morning. The gallant admiral looked tierce, as was his wont when happy, ana glanced about him with a sort of " six dozen all round" look in his face. The gentleman at the organ played beautiful soft music—an orangeblossom motif of his own composition; and the Reverend Robert awaited the party within the rails. But there was a gap, a curious hiatus, on the clergyman's left Could it be possible? The admiral fired broadsides of lierce looks about him, the bride looked bewildered, the gentleman at the organ pulled out all the stops at once to cover the hitch ; but there was no doubt about it —the bridegroom was keeping the stage waiting. The little old lady with the black bonnet dived into the vestry like a rabbit, and returned, after an interval, with Lord Arthur Lanton the younger, and with him alone. The best man held a hurried conference with the startled group. " 1 certainly saw him a quarter of an hour ago ; then I left the vestry for a moment, to speak about the carriages, and when I returned he wasn't there. It's very strange!" There was much murmuring and consultation, during which the poetical bridesmaid looked at the best man and his gardenia, and whispered to the startled sisters, " 'Twere better by far To have matched our fair cousin with Young Lochinvar." But no bridegroom, " dangling his bonnet and plume," or his Lincoln and Bennett, was to be found high or low, the time was ebbing fast, and then the Admiral lifted up his voice, and gave utterance to strange words not understood of the many, and that ancient mariner's eye glittered wickedly, and he roundly swore that his girl should be married. "Send out and scour London I Where's the lubber shirking ? String me up at the steeple if she goes back from church !" "She shan't go back from church," said the best man quietly and gravely. " It was my duty to bring the bridegroom here, and as he's not here, it's my bounden duty to provide a substitute for him." You will observe there was a touch of the Gilbertian ethics about this self-sacrificing young man. " Right, sir, by Gad ! but where is the substitute? My daughter was to marry Lord Arthur Lanton, and " "And if you will accept him, she shall marry him," said the slave of duty, with a loving glance at the bride, to whom he said half a dozen words in a whisper. " Spoken like a Briton, sir!" almost roared the Admiral. "She's yours if she consents." " As it is your wish, dear father," meekly murmured the bride; and then the Vicar had a little say to say. Had the banns been put up ? How could he perform the ceremony thus abruptly ? " Here, reverend sir," said the best man, " is a special licence, directing you to marry lord Arthur Lanton, of the Regency Mansions, to this lady, and that is my name and address;" and then he produced a document bearing a red seal, and before the mystic " Ed. Cantuar." the Rev. Robert Cantley naturally felt it incumbentuponhim(asincumbentof St Dunstan's-in-the- Lane),to do his duty, and he promptly, and without further protest, married the handsome pair before him. There was a pleasant little breakfast, at which the bride looked bright and the bridegroom brave, and the Admiral blended blessings and round dozens in his speech; and 1 have heard that they were all very happy, and that when the bride was dressing to go away, she whispered to the poetical bridesmaid, '• I shall be in no hurry to come home, dear; I'm quite, quite happy. And remember, if anything does happen, / know nothing about it And now good-bye, dear ; and of course I'll write to you every day, and send me some cake to Paris." And below Art waited for her, with the few astonished guests; and in a moment they were driven off, with much joy in their young hearts and much rice down the back of their young necks. As to how itall came out, I am not quite certain. The Reverend Bob is wont to-declare that he got a telegram from Dover that afternoon, bidding him " Look after the friar!" Other folk say he knew all about it; but this he stoutly denies. At all events, lie and the little did lady jointly and severally discovered that evening one Abernethy biscuit, one decanter that had once contained sherry, and one Malvolio-like old gentleman fast asleep in the refractory friars' penitentiary of St Dunstan's. There was a nine days' laugh, of course. Lord Malvolio bore it with Lyceum-like grimness, and now swears he was well out of it; but the story so tickled the duke that he forgave his prodigal, son for the sake of his sweet daughter in law, who, by the waJS has turned out an excellent wife. -. • $ The little old lady could tell the story if she liked, but Bhe doesn't; and her mysterious silence has been rewarded. Bob Cantley and the admiral both tell it well; but the poetical bridesmaid tells it better than anybody else, and she told it to me. FEERE BAUVAOB. 