Ctriltlwtt's (Column. COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING. TBarpcr's Young People.} It ru to be in the charch, with music and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk op tbe middle aisle and lead tbe procession, ^- ** Now you most both pat on your beet behaviour,' said mother, after we had worried ourselves into our new clothes on the *U important night ; then abe kissed as just as if we'd been goiog to bed, and sent us off to the cbarch an boar before the time. We found the sexton just opening the doors, and he let as go roacd with him while he lightened up, and then I proposed that we should stand outside and watch the people come. said Claude, as we walked down the steps under the awning. 'I shoaldo't think he would, tboagh, for you know doctors — Bot I say, Bert, what's the matter down the street there ! See all that crowd ? Let's ran and find out.' 'Come oo,' I cried ; I'll beat yon there,' and forgetting all about oar good clothes and 'best behariour,' we both started off down the block. **Ob, somebody's been ran over, or borie tiling i' I exclaimed, as I won tbe race and found a lot of people bending over the form of a mtn lying on the grass in front of tbe Baptist Church. We both stood Btill for a mi note, and I was trying to listen to what a gentleman next to me was telling a policeman, when Claude polled me by tbe eleeve and whispered that it might be tbe very case Cousin Tom, who had jost gradoated at the Medical School, waE waiting for. ' Let's tell him about it !' I cried- ' Qaick. before they get somebody else ;' and then we both tore off to las lodgings, around tbe corner, and pulled the bell as if tbe huose was afire. I tell you, the giil came to tbe door in a us we bolted upstairs to Ooeia Tom's room. white satin necktie. Oh, do come quick !' we both fairly shouted. 'Such aw ? ' Why, boys, what's tbe matter *' he ex claimed, making a rood die of his cravat. 'Has Alice fainted, or tbe dressmaker forgotten to Bend her dress home, or what ?' 'No, no,' cried Claude. 'There's a man hurt, and an awful crowd, aod' — 'Quick, how far from here?' interrupted Coasin Tom, leaving tbe two ends of his tie banging, and eoatcbiog his pea-jacket. ** I *' Why, it's only aroaod the corner, in f root of the Baptist Cbarcb,' I replied, dancing around tbe room in great excitement, and then we all three raced off. 'Where is he, boys?' cried Cousin Tom. and Claude poioted inside tbe railing that ran in front of tbe Charch, and against which, stranga to say, nobody was leaning. Then, not waiting to bant ap tbe gate, our cousin, who was a great strapping fellow, shouldered hie way through tbe crowd, and without paying any attention to tbe efforts some of the people made to hold him back, he placed bis hand on the top rail of the fence to vault over. The next instant he gave a spring backward instead of forward, and fell against Claude, who of coarse fell against me, and we all three went down one after another like a row of bricks, i^hile the people set op each a yell that yon might have thought they had all tamed into mid Indians on tbe warpath. Being boys, and quite used to hard knocks, neither Claude nor I was hart, and we sprang up as lively as ever when Coasin Tom was lifted off of as. Bat there was not much spring aboot /«m, and we were awfully frightened when we found that he couldn't even speak. Then they explained the whole thing to us, which was something like this— there was an electric light in froot of tbe store next the Cburcb, and in some way the stuff— the electric fluid, or whatever it is— had got off the track, or the wires, and run into the feoce, and so whoever touched it got a most tremeodous shock. That is what was the had tried to warn Cousin Tom, bat be was to Iisteo. 'Oh, if he's killed, it's all our fault for telling htm about it *.' moaned Claude. ** And be was going to be married in half an hour,' 1 added, despairingly, ' And Misa Lord 'II be to the Cbarcb waiting for a fit or something, and ob, Claude, bow can we tell her ?' By this time they bad picked Coasin Tom ap and carried him into a drug store a few doors off. They told us be was only Btuaned, and would probably be able to sit up in tbe coarse of half an hoar. As be hadn't lived in town a week yet, nobody in the crowd knew who he was, and so tbe bu rden of carrying the dreadful newa to the wedding party fell upon Claude and me. ooanced my brother, nervously, as having left word with the druggist that we would soon be back with friends and a carriage, we hur ried off to the Episcopal Charch.' 'Coasin Tom was to be in the veetry by this time, and, oh my ! won't it be awful to have Miss Lord walk up the aisle on her father's arm, and then find nubndy to marry her V 'Bat, Claude,' 1 proposed, a bright idea suddenly striking me, 'if we can only get to the Chnrch soon enough to see her drive ap, we can tell her then, and have the coachman keep right on to the drug store.' 'The very thing!' cried Claode. 'Let's run for H.' And ran we did, bat, alas ! arrived at tbe Church just in time to see the bride's carriage drive away from the awning — empty. We could hear the organ playing and the people whispering that the procession would soon begin to move toward the altar. 'Oh, why don't they make Bare Cousin Tom'B here first !** I exclaimed, in a whisper. 'Perhaps they wilL1* retained Claode. ' At any rate they ought to wait for ob to lead off ; but, stop, I've got a plan, and though it's a kiod of desperate one, it'll save Miss Lord having a scene before everybody. 1*11 ' — and he spoke the rest very softly in my ' Why, Claude, dare yon !' I cried, under | my breath. ' And do you know bow to do it?' 'Yes, I noticed the place when we were in here with tbe sexton. Now do yon think yon can get up close to Miss Lord before 1 connt twenty slowly ?'* I nodded and hurried into tbe Church, leaviog Claude to take up his station in a dark corner of the vestibule. The procession was evidently watting for ns, and as fast as I coo hi I squeezed a way through the crowd to take my place in front of tbe bride. She smiled when she caught sight of roe, and pat oat her hand. Then jost as I took it every light in the Chorcb went out, and I knew Claude had succeeded in his plan of turning off the gas. \ Don't be frightened. Miss Lord,' I whispered, still keeping hotd of her band, ' but come out with me to the carriage, because Coasin Tom's bart, but not very bad, onty be can't Btand up long enough to be married yet, and— But I'll take you to him right away.' Well, Bhe didn't scream nor say she was going to faint, and jost held oo to my hand tight, and let me lead her oat in the dark. We found Claude on the sidewalk, holding the door of the carriage open ; and ordering tbe coachman (who looked as if he thought we were eloping with the bride) to drive to tbe drug store. We all three got in, and were off before tbe people in the Charch had a chance to think of anything else bat the darkness into which they had so suddenly been pi u aged. 'Bat — bat did the electric 8 aid pat oat the lights in Cbarch ?' asked Miss Lord, after we had explained to her about Cousin Tom's shock. 'Oh no ; I turned off the gas,' said Claude, promptly. ' Don't you think it was a good way to keep people from starting at yoa and gossiping when they found the groom didn't ' Yes, I see now, and I am sure I am very much o'biiged for yoor though tfalness ; bat what will papa and nmn^nn think hag become of me? ' That's bo !' I exclaimed. ' We forgot all about that part of it. Stop the carriage, aod Til ran back C which t did, and found tbe Caarch lighted up again, a bigger crowd than ever inside, and Mr. and Mis. Lord rushing ahont in every direction in search of their daughter. I was a little frightened at 6ret. bat re membering how much the bride had been spared by our plan. I talked boldly up to the ' distracted parenta,' and begao to explain tbe whole thing. This took some time, but I told the sorry as quick as I could, and I had scarcely finished when back came the carriage with Cousin Tom and Mise Lord both in it. I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, and in deed Tom looked like one, bot declared that he was every bit strong enough to go through with the ceremony. Miss Lord was already in her mother's arms, and I was awfully afraid we'd have a scene, after alL bnt luckily everybody thought it was because the gas had gone oat, aod in ten minates they were safety married, and nobody oat of the family the wiser. 