Tn^ : Taking advantage of the' holiday, Ihe Canterbury Park \ Race Club will, hold ti meeting to^ay, when an interesting jprogi^mmeiriU.beducuessd. ' There are 19 in the Birth-/ ! day Handicap, with Rypetia at the head bf $a list with; ; 9st. 81b., an impost which will be pretty well certain to keep her in her box.' CJobkbah, who has 'been a long time' : absent from business, has nearly a stone less, but it is hardry: probable that he will face the tfieg. The same may be eMr of Morceaa, who on recent form has more than enoagh in ' fist. 7Tb. Silianlan and WflTvnfbll hnva Iwuni' faMv frnitoA ' and both should Jb? hi the first flight, but Friendship, appears to be somewhat overrated. . Dizzy js likely to be an absentee, and with 7st. *lb. Emflius has a most hearty appearance, while Espiegle rinst be in -it a lonsr *wajrwtm ' such : a . comfortable, impost m,6et. ? 91b. - .His ^ruiiningr at Liverpool shows thaVhe kiuowishow to gallop, antf, w he' will be », better horse on Satuiday. than he. waslhan hal thonld require a deal of beating'. The race promises to' be a good .one, and thB:pbces Irfd fair'fo go -to'finiiKnsl7 Eefciegle, and Waxworks, TmleeiRatapBua Can^pltt them.' TttkjStelja, and Sylvester should divide the honours for. ihe BeLmg Bace ; and eboild ble'Be reserved for'il nothing '? looks better for the Grand Stand cHaifdicap than fiBpiegle, wtule Paraplnie, if as good as she was when a baby, 4horaatfafeer*a food afecd'mitrof b^reelf . i^tie^ronation -Handicap is very openj -bat en-paper Lord-^Ufden, Wax works, dUAwthornden,: and Rorioante appear to have the beet prospects of filling fte placeB.. In the absence of HowloBg* Sylvester may secure the Prance . of Wales Stakes ; end when an opportunity hsa been, a& orded-to sum np jthe previous running there should not be- much difficulty in finding the winner of the Queen's Prize; The fall list of entries, which arethebeet evereecured by theclub.wfflbe. found in another column* ~ . . : ' Turf matters will brighten np next week, for on Monday we are to have Qua weights for the Hayekesbury Grand Handicap, the A. J. C. Great Metropolitan Stakes, and tte Melbourne Cup. The fixtures will be most welcome by all classes of racing men, and by none more than sporting scribes, who are hard ran jost at present for. subject matter. The ever- industrious TatteraalTe Club is again in the field.Bndinouradvertisingcolumnshistweekappearedawell arrasged programme to be played out on Saturday, the 9th of Aueuet. The programme comprises ? the following interesting items.:— Hurdle Bace, a handicap of 100 sots. with sweep of 3 sovs. for starters added; second horse Id sove. from the prize, 2 miles; the Tramway Handicap of 100 Eove. with a sweep of 2 bovs. each for starters added, eecond horse 30 bovb. from the prize. 6 furlongs; Selling Race of 100 sovs. with a sweep of 2 each for starters added, winner to be sold for 100 eova., Belling allowances, 1 mile; TattersaU's Two-year-old Stakes of 150 eovs. with a sweep of 3 bovb., each torn atariers added, second horse 10 soys, from the prize ; and the Loftus Handicap of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sove. each for etarters added, .second horse 30 fovB., and the third 15 bovb. from the, prize, 1£ mile. Entrance, 1 sov. for each race, to clcse with the secretary, Mr. James Perry, at TaftecBaU'e^at 4 p.m. oh Tuesday, tha 29th of July, and weights for the handicaps*) be declared on the 4th of August. ' . 'We have been favoured by Mr. J. D. Robinson, secretary of the Geelong Racing Club, with the nomination? for the Sires' Produce Stakes of 1886 and the Foal Stakes of 1887. For ihe first-mentioned event 20 eirea were nominated, and about 50 foals have been described, including representatives of Argus Scandal, King Tom. Proto-Martyr, Calamia, lim Whiflkr, Irish King, Angler, Tubal Cain, Progress, Neckewgat, Gang Forward, and First King; but, although they were nominated, nothing can be found to do battle for Mueket, Robinson Cnuoe, or Piscator, There are 117 in the Foal Stakes, including half-a-score from the Hon. James White, tii? produce of Chester and The Drummer, and the stake has filled remarkably well. , . The winter meeting of the Victoria Racing Club will take place on the 19th of July, when a very tempting programme n ill be played out. Twenty-six have found their way into the Maiden Hurdle Race, and amongst them Bassanio, Kit NuLbles, Paganini, The Ghost, and others that have earned more or lees fame on the flat; while amongst the 35 which have found their way into the Grand national Hurdle Race are Mama and Flamborough. What causes Malu&'s same to appear on the list is a mystery. Sorely it mutt either be a mistake or a desperate attempt at a joke, for he would be just about as appropriately placed in a cab or a Chinese gardener's cart as. a hurdle race. The joke, if such it be, is a most lamentable one, for we shall have to V wait., awhile ' : before the son of St Albans will be asked to negotiate the timber. Ihe Maiden Steeplechase bas-26, and the Grand National Steeplechase. rSO^inclodurg alt the beat talent io Victoiu. The other «ven1sbave also filled well; but as the weighla are not to be declared until Monday next, the different items will' ha veto be lett for discxiasion W next week when par haps we may have ihe gepd f ortun? to pot your .readers on a winnerortwo. ' '' ' The entries for Jhe Hawkesbury Guineas of 1886 appeared in our columns last week. ' They might be better on the score of number; but taken right through the quality is' quite np to the luual standard. Amongst the noiuinauons are colts 8nd'filUeB by Goldtbrougb, The Drummer, Capti vator,. Rapid Bay, Black Eagle, Chester, Maribyrnong, Mueket, Hawthomden; Beauclerc, King of the Ring, John BuHg-Wilberforce, Henchman, and Julian AveneJ, from such high- class lacies as Richmond Bella, Bgalite, The Fawn; Onyx, Lady Kingston, The Alpaca, Geraldioe, Ro3edale, Young. Gossamer, Sappho, MQhner, and others who ' havo rare blood in their vems and come from winning families. Another identity who linked the racing men of the present day with thoeebf the past has left the busy seene. .- Mr; 'William Gaydon.the well- known saddler of WUliam-atreet,, died a few days ago. He. was an expert at his trade, and most of thewinnenof classic races -have- been ridden in saddles made by him ; but it is not only as a tradesntaa {bat he will be missed and remembered, but ae a kindly, genial ciiizen. and a good, true-hearted friend. . ? Hunting is now in full swing in 'Victoria, where thosa who uIove to hear the rattle of rails' . hive plenty of. opportunities of enjoying the chase with either the Mel bourne hounds, the Ballarat hounds, or the Findon harriers. Thanks to the untiring exertions of Mr. Terry, those who like to follow^ the 'spotted beauties' in this colony will have a few more afternoons' sport before the No*-tbem Hunt Club hounds return to their own district. _________ : Mr. Frank Maloney haB completed a first-class oil painfc teg of Le Grand. 1 he picture, save that it is a little faulty in colour, is a faithful likeness ot the big and wellper formed son of Epigram, and it is now on view in Tatter eall's Room. A Chester correspondent says that it is authoritatively announced that the Duke of Westminster has sold his cele brated tire Doncaster to the Hungarian Government for 5000 guinea*. His Grace purchased Doncaster from Mr. Peck for £14,000, after Mb winning the Ascot Gold Cup and the Alexandra Plate. DoncMter, who is now at _aton Hall Etalles, is the sire of Muncaeter and also, of Bend Cr, -which won the Dtrby for the Doke in 1BS0. Judged by the excellence of the entries received for the handicaps, the Denilfquin Meeting, which ia fixed for the 22nd and 23rd of July, should be the beat ever held in the district. The Flying Handicap has secured 20 entries ; the f-bow Handicap, 22; the Handicap Hurdle Race, 16; the Watbreccan Handicap, 27 ; the Jockey Club Handicap, 27 ; : and Ihe Ladies' Bracelet, 16. . i A great meeting maybe fexpepted -'**.. the Clarence on the 9ih and 10th of next month, and the pros pects ot the horses engaged in the handicaps, ^Che weights . for which have already appeared in «nr columns, will be fully dealt with in onr next. Thefjeneral meeting is to close on toe 7th of Jury. ' ?/ '! T' -; '/.' Himtiag mm wiU be glad to learn fJbat |he master of the : HelbournehouLdsjsinafair way towards recovers from the \ effects of theheavyf— Ihe received whilst huntiog the oask ! a lew days ago.- ;- ???.?. . - .; -m ;:--j _ -.??' .-. - s. - r .._../. .« .-.: ? : The weB- performed Blieplecbase' %c&e; 'Rojar O'More I wm. lecently paseed in at public ^uctioa intMelboOrnVfor |£38. ,'?? -;:**-? ??--:?-'?- '-:-'-: -'=\ ' The Goulburn MeeKnsr' is fb_d for to-dav.1»ut matteri jhave keen kept so ?*datk' that .itj poasesseslonly a local \ interest. . ? ? , . . , ' There is every promise of the Newcastle and Ae .Penrith \ meetings, which are to come off on Jnly $th, being saccoegfuL ? The entries for both gatberiDgfi are auch as shduld produce good racing.. ? . v ' . The following ate the abceptances for the Birthday Handicap, to be ran at Goulburu to-day :— Minbroa, Miss Wye, Hark, Thakamban, Oberoo,. . Surplice^ Kembla, , Greenmounr, Louie, aBdRhyanna. Them are aeren entries ; for the £hor_;«nd ten for the;F%_ig Handicap; ? The Bandwick racecourse is feicplendid condition, and each morning the various teams can be seen doing quiet i work, bnt it is hot yetrc* a Buffidenfly interesting character ! to need recording. 1- '. .' . ~ ,4 .. ' . . ! ' ' . ' ^ ' ApnvatenmtchwasTimoBtheGraft-mcour8eonJune20 between Mr. Tielder's b g Filoon and Mr, E. Bavley's b m rMaritans/oncB round, the former laying £25 i& £20, and I carrying 7st miejlfttter^^ to^veesr^-only, b,pt had 1st? [overweight. ThemaxegotawayfirBtibut was, won over hauled, and when half the diatasfcewMtravereed the mare \- egain got the lead, but iiredtegaiB, when Falcon came to the j front and won by twoJengthB eifflyi', 'Time, 2 xainutea 19 ; seconds. „ .. .../.;,.';* ' ',r\ ? :,;'?/ ..*'?' '.; ,V ' \ Our Graf ton correspOBeont tdegraphs-fhat the, half-mile irece which came off' en Saturday betjeean Mr. Hore's ; Prince Leopold and Benaemeer, for £25 ftlside, was won by ; Prince Leopold easily'; titoiB,^2 secojaids: ' ? The well-known Eire ' The Scamp/' which was par. ... — , -rr-'-t '* chased recently in Sydney by Mr. John Lee for 1550 \--guineas, died at Ktteo on Mondav.' The horse had been ill \- Sir some daysj and the cause of death is Supposed to have been congestion of the lungs. . / .', ' Ihe result of the first day's racing at Mackay'(6»VB ihe ; Queenslander), which is all ihat is to hand at time of writing; seems to havebeen a series of surprises. The defeat of Petronel in the Maiden by Ben Bolt, and ofJE'inafore and 'Vpstslby Omeo, must have been rather unexpecled, whila Hamlet, whom: I rather fancied, enf who wae probablj ridden by Vetter, pulJed off the big money. ' v. . -, Commotion (saya the Melbourne Leader) haB joined Mr. F. F. Dakin's Btring at FJemington, preparatory to being put; once more through th° mill. Panic s first son, Strop, pulled soundly through an immense amount of work in nig time, aaddoubties Commotion will give the best of them many another such ' wrestle ' as he treated Martini-Henry to ere he pat bos into the sere, the yellow leaf. The son of Alarm indeed threw them, to quote Adam Lindsay Gordon, 'iron- sinewed and satin-skinned.' ' New Zealand can boast of another sporting paper, the. Hew Zealand Referee, a capital production, . edited . by the well-known ecribe u Sir Launoelot.'* ' A visitor from Mauritius informs me {'? Augur, of the Australasian) that linda and The Drummer arrived safely at Port Louip, and created quite a sensation there. My in formant also states that the entries for the Maiden Plate of 4000 rupees, open to all horses that have never won a rase, will be Valentine, 5 years, 8st 81b. ; The Drummer, 5 years, 8sf. 8Ib.; Linda, 5 years, 8Bt. 51b.; Little Jack, 4 yeaw, 8st. 21b. ; Dukedom, 3 years, 7st 71b. / . - 