NEWS AND NOTES. It is annou[?]ed in our cablegrams this morn ing that the expedilion dispatched under Colonel Warren to resist Boer aggression in Bechunaland is to be reinforced by 8000 men. ■sqatsjs toldm introduced into the House of CbmSdns ori'tho.lat;Debember.—The German and RdirianGovernments bare claimed seats on the.BgyptiahPublfo'Debt Commission. The'Enabliog BUI bepostponed till tho, next session lmperial Parliament. Mr Gladstone madeT'statement regarding it in the House of Commons on Tuesday, when ha explained that- the-bill-- required : several im portant amendments, and it had been found .ad visable to consult the colonial Governments concerning them before submitting tbs bill to -Parliament. - - • : ■ ’ • • IA. meeting of tbe two 'councils of-the Town and City was held last evening at the City Hall,- - for the purpose of considering the plans,for the two proposed bridges over the Yarrowee at Sunny Corner and at Nolan street. Both plans were approved, and tenders will' be invited in one week. The bridges will be of good dimen sions, and cannot fait to promote the conveni ence of ratepayers in both neighbourhoods. The question of the erection of the bridges mentioned has been before the Ballarat public for about -14 years?! 71: f-l 0 li .1 ’ I • k Yesterday a special passenger train arrived at Ballarat West, en route to Wickliffe. It con sisted of one carriage and. a guard’s van, and the passengers were Mrs Thomas Austin (late of Barwon Park), Miss Austin, and Dr Rowan, of Melbourne. The party were proceeding on a sad mission, viz., to visit Mr Harold Austin, aged 20 years, who yesterday morning met with a very severe accident at Wickliffe. News of the occurrence had been despatched by wire to the unfortunate young gentleman’s mother, Mrs Austin, who decided to leave Melbourne by special train, taking with her Dr Rowan. The train left the metropolis at 12.20 p.m., arrived at Ballarat West at 2.40, and set out for Wick liffe at 3.15., it is said that the charter of the train cost the lady £160. We had an opportunity yesterday of inspect-, ing a magnificent upright grand piano, just orfm pleted at the establishment of Mr F. Howartb, the local pianoforte manufacturer, in Eyre street. The instrument, which is in a - handsome walnut case, will certainly bear comparison most favour-' ably in- all respects -with leven' the best of im ported pianos, and speaks well for local manufac tures, .-The iron frame used, has been specially designed by Mr Howartb in order to avoid some of the . defects. of the. frames of the German and , English instruments. In . these the .'rest pins are left out,, while Mr Bowarth’s frameiu eludes them, besides giving the piano additional strength by-a slightly different-form.- A num bbrofimprovsmenta bare also been introduced, notably the check repeater action, ’ patented, by the manuf«otu>er, and the third tone-sustaining pedal. The tons of the. instrument, the price of which is 60 guineas, is excellent, and! the finisb aud workmanship, everywhere displayed, fault less. Mr Howartb, who has had over 25; years’ experience in the trade, also manufactures a number .of, smaller-sized pianos, fitted . with various.improvemente,;,' ,Tho Chamber of Manufacturers intend making such suggestions as'will ’alter the. Factories' Bill in. the direction that it' will meet the approval of all parties concerned. c l. . . ; It is stated the salary of Mr John Anderson, the traffic manager, is to be increased'fromjfilOOO to £l4OO per year. The Third Battalion Rifle Club intend holding a ise.riea of matches for trophids'during the Christmas holidays. A canvass of-tho principal miriness people and- other's throughout ’ the City I ahd Town, is being made, with the result that a large number of trophies have, been donated, and the matches promise to be very successful. The expected deputation of Melbourne, boot manufacturers to interview the .'masters in Bal larat in reference: to the lookout question, did; not arrive yesterday afternoon.' -Messrs Whitten: and Cairns telegraphed down yesterday that the Ballarat firms would be willing to:.meet a depu tation to-day. | Should' a deputation come up to-day a conference’ will take place at Messrs- Davies and Graham’s office at 4 o’clock inthe afternoon. Owing to -the - non-arrival of the deputation from Melbourne the discussion at the special meeting' of the Ballarht branch of the Bootmakers -Union, held; last .evening at the Trades’ Hall, Camp .street, was of a general : nature. The, following resolution,- however, was passed “That any member refusing to pay to lery when asked by the shop’s'presi dent after the appeal being made to employers, action:bo taken to compel him to do so.V . The Militia authorities are 'evidently, deter mined that the regulations shall be adhered to, and the .penalties' - therein- provided striolly enforced; -By a general order jnst issued the following members of the Ballarat' Battalion are dismissed the service, in accordance with section 3, paragraph. 26, of the for being absent wilhout'leave for throe months; —Privates A. G. Scott, A. B. Patterson, G. Pat terson, A. O’Hara, W. Sainsbury, E. Got tie, and D. Park. The 'annual soiree and entertainment in con nection with the Orphan Asylum will b'e held at the Asylum to-morrow evening. Tea will be on the tables at 6 o’clock, and to: avoid all crushing and delay in obtaining tea sufficient tables .will be laid to accommodate 600 at one sitting. An excellent programmehas been prepared for tbe concert, including tbe names of a number of our leading amateur vocalists. After the concert a social gathering will be held. Reid’s ’buses will run to tbe Asylum and back until 10 p.m. at the usual fares. Three or four cases of messles and a case or two of scarlet fever have been reported within the past faw days to the Ballarat > West Local Board of Health.- Tho City Board of Advice have closed the Urquhart atreet State school for a timo, owing to members of the caretaker’s family suffering from measles. At the Soarsdale Police Court on Monday, before Mayor Carnegie and Mr R. Bell, J.P., James M'Korrin sued a Chinese named Ah Gin for the sum of £4 0s 9d, goods supplied. The bench made an order for £3 10s, and 5s costs. A well-known grocer and wine and spirit mer chant, carrying on bnsiness’in the city, upends £3O per month in the purchase of bottles for the purpose of retailing draft brandy, whiskey, &o.; It is intended to place a large clock over the main entrance to the new Post-office, Ballarat East. Ah Quong, the leper,, over, whom there was a great fuss some time back,-has, it is said, left Ballarat. For several weeks he had been under tbe care of a herbalist, but latterly he refused to take the medicine prescribed, saying “Too muchee bad taste; no likum.” - The herbalist, therefore, threw up the oase, and the leper has gone elsewhere for change of air. The Town Council have not yet finished tbe discussion, “Shall the health inspector be allowed to permanently, retain office?” People say that billets are almost going a-begging iu Ballarat East, and in a few day’s time applica tions will bo called from persons willing to act as dog inspector, &e.; Mr W. P.' Martin’s well-known North Star hotel, Lydiard street, was submitted’to auction on Monday, and bought in, the 1 highest bidder only offering £2250, which sum was considerably under the'reserve price. The property, is now likely to'be disposed of privately. The cantata “Under the Palms;' or, the Jewish Flower Feast,’’ - was given ‘last evening, in the Wesleyan Lscturd Hall,' Dana street, in aid of the new church fund There was a very large attendance, the hall being filled to its ut most capacity. Tbe cantata, wbioh has already, been given in one or two of the churches, is an exceedingly pretty and pleasing composition, and .full of beautiful;'solos, duets, quartettes, and choruses. It is ihtended.to illustrate the “ Jewish Feast of Tabernacles, or Harvest ;Fes tival,” and to present a view of the teachings of the prophet Ezra. - Tk6 choral murio last even ing was rendered by the powerful Wesleyan choir, with excellent effect; Mr J. Urea acting as conductor. Thesoloists were Mesdames Brown, Eyres, Campbell,-Uroo; ;the Misses Dyson; M. Worrall, Bennett,-Horsley,-Hicks, Maudore, and Messrs James, Bunting, Lessels, Rift, Verooe, and Mitchell. The choruses given by the infant class, and by the school children, were excellently rendered, and tbe musio throughout gave evi dence of-careful rehearsal.' Mr C. Eyrea-pre aided at the organ. The effect of the cantata was considerably enhanced .by the-, floral decora tions of the., hall, the palm leaves above the choir ' being especially appropriate." The effort will result.in a considerable addition to tha now church fund, and owing to its success it is pro bable a repetition will be given for tho same ob ject. The excursion on Friday of Christ Church Sunday school promise's to be ope of tbe .best for some years past. The scholars will be regaled with sandwiches, tarts,- arrangements having been made with a caterer to supply the edibles, and visitors can obtain'refreshment tickets, thus enabling them to dispense with the trouble of taking provisions. In addition to the creature comforts, tbe trip to Sorrento by steamer should prove a great attraction; the time of starting from Queensoliff (1 p.m.) gives time enongb for a trip to Point Lonsdale in the morning. Bishop _ Moore’s ebaplain, - the Rev.. . Mr: Murphy, is at present officiating in'Hamilton,-' in place of the Rev. Mr Cleary, who has';come to Ballarat for the-benefit of his health. It is probable that before long the Rev. Mr Cleary, who is an exosllent preacher, will be perman ently stationed id this City.' J .“Big Clarke*” the father of Sir W. J. Clarke, came in for a touch at 'the hands' of Mr .C. E. Jones last •veiling, in a lecture at the Societies’, Hal), South atreet. .. Mr Jones'was dilating upon thevaluo , of life ...assurance, aadr elated 'that “ Big Clarke ” some twenty years ago insured his life for a good round sum, and about three weeks after effecting the business" Mr Clarke became “deadly sick,’’-.and “nearly laughed himself to death” at the easy, advantage hefinoied he had obtained qver the ihsnraheelpompany: at a small outlay, ■ Mr Turpie, J.P., attended at the Town .Court yesterday, and remanded-a-disreputable char acter named Geordie Walkor-until Thursday, on ,a charge of inflicting grieviqua bodily.harm upon • dams with- the nelliflaoat nine Anastasia Keating; -, Geordie end Victoria Ipetre liviog together/ if the habit of imbibing together/ When *oaftp y tlws&>. fluenoeof mSm etrnokEjthe woamfn several severe blows/onedMiwhiohitook effocrthl the left-breast/’and, sb^t'{fa^ rib. . Last night, howenirl ViotoneJ wasfwell enough to make anxious enquiries about Geordie, and to request thathe meals” during bis incarceration. * Vi-,^ Those of our readers who are interested in the supply of Church of England clergy in' the Bal larat diocese will be glad to hear of the progress of students trained for that purpose at Moore College, Lirerpool,-Now:South-Wales.: The firsts prizeman in 1883 was Mr S.M',George, .who has since been'ordaineddeacoh,’ ahd ia'working with great success'at'Murloa and. the surrounding district. The-winner of 'tha'flnt priza'this-year is Mr Reginald J;',E.' .Dayman, - brother to Dr Hayman, of Harrow, - who .gains-ths Hodgson prize for Greek Testament in, addition to the College prize, and has in Marions ways distin guished himself during his College course. Mr. Hayman is likely to be ordained at Ballarat on. 21st December. Mr B. Hammond, juh., who was sailing a boat which was npsetin the skiff race at the B.Y.C. Regatta oh Friday last, is confined to his bed, owing to being jamnled between the boat and the steamer that came to bis assistance! " A Police Court enquiry is likely to arise out of an occurrence at the Eastern Oral at the Drum; head service on. Sunday last. It appears that a respectable tradesman went to the Oral a little before 2 o’clock and wished to pass a gate keeper. This official informed him that orders had been given to keep the people out until the Militia Corps was inside the gates. Knowing that, legally, admittance to the place could not be refused, tbs tradesman'endeavoured to push his way in. The gatekeeper at once laid hold of tbs lappel of the other’s coat, which he tore off in trying to keep the visitor.back; The local police authorities look upon Con stable Barrett as a- man well able to arrest and prosecute law breakers, but it seems that the' Irish-American “limb of the law” is equally good at capturing members of the finny tribe at Lake Wendouree. A few days, ago Constable. Barrett hooked, in'one “ take,” no fewer than 22 large sized perch. The bait used was min nows, with beef and hard boiled egg, a combina tion of delicacies which in America allures many thousands of fish to the anglers’hooks. A quantity of putrid fish has been thrown, by some person into an enclosure- opposite the es tablishment of Mr : 'Wolleni. chemist, corner of Lydiard and Seymour streets. Soldiers Hill. The City health inspector should give the matter his attention. Our Geelong correspondent last night wired: —“ A young.man named Atkinson-was arrested by the Geelong West police - this on a charge of- unlawfully -wounding a carpenter: named George Smith. It appears that on Sunday night the men had a row, and a scuffle ensuing, - Atkinson drew a pocket-knife and stabbed Smith in the shoulder. He has been remanded for seven days. The Minister of Water, Supply has 1 intimated to the vigilanbe committee appointed to watch the water supply question that he can not receive a deputation to- morrow, as no pos sible good could come pf it.” : ‘ : v ' - A tea and welcome meeting to celebrate. the induction of ; tho -Rev. 'John. M’Counell .to .the pastorate of the Scots’Church, Lydiard street north, were 1 held last evening,'and' each was largely attended. - The tea was laid out-in the Neil . street Wesleyan ; schoolroom by Mr M‘Eenzie, the.caterer,‘of Bridge street, and all the tables were under the. presidency of the fol-. lowing ladies:—Mesdaiuos Watson (2), William son, Westwood, Tweedale, -M'Ewan, Munro, Morris, M'Kissoclq'the Misses -Dodds, William son, Westwood, Sim (2), Bartholomew, Keil, ' Balmaine, Miller, Dickson, . Dick, - Cameron,: M‘lntyre, Newell, Gleghorn, / M'Ewan, and Manus. It was estimated that orer3so persons joined in the repast, and .'among the number were representatives of nearly all denominations.. After the tea the company ad journedtp .the Soots Church to hold the welcome meeting. The edi fice was filled to. overflowing,, and additional, sit-., ting accommodation had to.be provided and placed along the various passages. There was a large attendance of clergymen on the platform, prominent among whom we noticed the Revs. J. W. Inglis, W. Clark, Joseph Walker, R. Ken nedy, J. J. Spalding, of Buninyong; R. J. Mercer, Hutchinson, Robinson, of Creswick; Elder Gray, -and , Mr Forman, .of, Or mond College, ■'Melbourne. /Apologies were received from the Revs.. George Sturrock (of Scotland, now. on a visit 'to the colony) Philp, , Hamilton (of Bnrrumbeet), Haitie (of Bunin yong), Taylor, and others. The Ray. J; W. Inglis presided, having on bis left the Rev. John MlConnell; The proceedings were opened by the' .singing of the “ Old Hundredth," after which the Rev. Mr Hutchinson offered Up prayer. "Mr ’■lnglis.hext, -in one Of his characteristic speeches; ; 'introduced the business Of the meeting-and con cluded by calling upon the Rev, Mr Robinson to move the following formal resolution, -relative to Mr M‘Connell:— 1 “ On behalf of the members and adherents of tbs Scots' Church we beg to express our gratitude to .God .for having directed your steps to Ballarat, and particularly to this church, andwo trust and praythat the Father of All- Mercies will bless you in things temporal, and, further, that you may be long spared to continue' to declare toe glorious Gospel of the blessed God.” The'Rev. Mr Spalding seconded the resolution, which was carried by acclamation. Mr M'Connell suitably replied.. An anthem was then sung,-after which a welcome was accorded tbs new pastor by the denominations outside the Presbyterian Church, on the motion of the Rev, Mr Mercer, seconded by the Rev! Mr Clark. An efficient choir, assisted'by. a number of friends, gave several sacred selections daring the even ing, under the leadership of Mr J. Davidson. The residents of Wallace and Gordon are, it. is reported, preparing'ai petition for presentation to the Railway. Commissioners asking them to appoint Miss Hargreaves to the charge of the railway gates of which her mother, who died a few days ago, had control. It is quite refreshing to see>anyone stand up for the place he represents. The Rev.- Mr Robinson, of Creswick, has a very high- opinion of, the district in which he resides. While making a tew humorous remarks at the soiree at the Soots’ Church, Lydiard street, last night, he said that'he was not unacquainted with Ballarat, though he resided in one of the suburbs. But he was not sure, after all, whether he did live in a suburb. Creswick was the metro polis and Ballarat the suburb, (Loud laughter.) Where would Ballarat be without Creswick? Creswick district sent large quantities of pota toes to Ballarat, butthat was nothing compared to all the gold Creswick produced. . (Applause.) “But,bow about Buninyong?” subsequently remarked the Rev. Mr Spalding. “I think Bunin yong is the metropolis and not Creswick. Buninyong is the ancient village, and if will soon be hooked on to Ballarat by a railway!”. (Laughter.) Mr Inglis said ' it was all very well to hear the rovr gentlemen talking, about Creswick being the metropolis, and about Buniuyong being the metropolis. The remarks reminded him (Mr Inglis) as a citizen of Ballarat, of aa old story about-a blacksmith! who used to receive bastings from his •wife/: When asked why he allowed his better- half to chastise him, the son of Vulcan replied, “ It pleases her and does her good, and if does me no harm.” (Loud laughter.) The Revs. Mr -Robinson and Mr Spalding joined heartily in the merriment ocoa-' Mooed by Mr Inglis’ retort.- . . - Last night at the induction festivities at the Soots’ Church, the Bar. Mr M'Connell, the new pastor, in speaking of his travels, paid a high compliment to Ballarat 'and to"the colony of Victoria. When nearing the' bleak Australian shores, he several times asked; himself, “What sort of a place, is Victoria?’’' ' Upon arrival in Melbourne he was astonished at the grandeur of the city, and his surprise was also greafwheu he cams to visit Ballarat/ with its - beautiful lake and gardens. These and other popular-places of local resort stood out as.-monuments of the enterprise, energy, and. pluck of the people of Ballarat. - * The Rev. J.-W. Inglis considers that in Balla rat there yet remains a good deal of work for the charities to perform; . Many young menmßal larat never entered a church door from oue -year’s .end to. the other. They ware to be seen going : towards the gardens,on. Sundays, acd standing at the street corners, with no thoughts of chnrch. If the Roman Catholic Churches aid all the Protestant churches in Ballaraf and dis trict were packed almost to suffocation on Bin days, still, there would be a vast amount of Christian work to do, for even then there wiuld be numbers who would not be among the at tendants, and who would require convertisg to Ctirist. ■ ... . . .. ’’ Loud complaints are made of the shaighai nuisance in all parts of.Ballarat. Lads assanhle almost every, day and-fire stones about in all > directions, maby’Of" the'missiles damaging pro perty in the street. The amount received from the Victoria! rail ways for the week-ended -20th instant; was £43,292 15s*7d against £41,30514s 7d fir the corresponding week in last year. . j . Messrs Pemewan and Greenfield; J’s,P, were the presiding magistrates at' the- City Police Court yesterday morning.* - James Reid, marged with travelling by railway from, Boarsdab with , oat a ticket; was fined 40s, with- & 6d ocsts, in default 14 days'imprisonment/ A-mannamed Pater Martin; who has been on remand ftr some time on a charge of vagrancy, was further re manded until this morning.asDv Jordan iortified that prisoner was of unsound mind,. Anotbes person, named James Nolan, also on reriand foe vagrancy, was discharged, A little lai named Andrew Halligan was charged with scaling a pigeon,; value 2s fid, the property bl Thomas Mann. As the evidooee, however, fails! to show that prisoner had stolen the bird,- he was dis charged with a aoution. The hearing of a number of unimportant debt oases oonduded the* business. , I A oomplimeutary sooial to Mr A, B. Cooper,, daneing-master, given by his "pupils during the past season, waa held on ; Monday hijht at the Orpheus Rail, Raglan street! - There were about 40 couples present, and ah enjoyable evenihg’iwaa spent., ■ After supper!th» chairman, ;Mr Q. A. Beyer, in a few well-chosen remarks, presented Mr Cooper, on behalf c-f the lady pupils, with’-a handsome -"'silver ohetatand, at the dams time referring to tha very able manner Uaght Jhem the artjhe pro. ®& toa Jfhp—wcipient, suitably re. :|pWM;ifid safd'that he: had tried to do his' bestjto-triab them\fK>t only In thaWt of dancina bnt eUqta el to. A hearty vote of musician, Mr Middle* ton,»whi>;siia leavingitheoolony, and also to Mt ..Rokfr, tW proprietor/ of the hall, for courtesy abown daring 'twagason. Dancing was then resumed, add-kdptup with rigour until well into the mdfqingibefcrd the company dispersed. On Friday evening a serious accident, which may result fatally, happened to the Bar. J. Black Presbyterian minister. He had conducted the services in the morning and afternoon at’Dookie and Kialia West, distant front Shepparton-17- and-S-milea respectively,! being 'accompanied ;by . Mr_'Burnett, who kind ly: con* seated to drive the rev. gentleman out.- Whilst Mr "Black was holding good-bye to the congrega tion at the latter place, the, winkers dropped off the horse.sand the animal, becoming startled, bolted. The buggy came- in contact first with a three-rail-fence,—and afterwards with a stump, and both the'pradpants were thrown out. ."Mr Burnett. fprtenately, escaped with. very, slight bruises, but the injuries 'sustained' by Mr Black wereof ,a.very r serious nature. .’ His jaw was broken.in two places,ias was also his right atm. Almost ait his teeth were knocked'out. and two .ribs were broken;-the-lungs beingTinjured. "A nasty gash, was also . found in his throat. The who' was immediately taken to Shop, ton, and'attended to' byT>r Fitzgerald, how lies in a . precarious condition. Mr Black (says the Argus) is a resident Of Tasmania, being' only on a visit to this, colony.'. _ He is married, and has a family, who were'as soon as possible informed by cable of ,’the: :ead occurrence. Mr. Black is brother-in- law of the Key. J. W, Inglia, of Bal larat. [We are glad to be able to add that yes* terday afternoon the Bev.; J. W- Inglis received a telegram from Sheppatton as follows:—“The Rev. Mr Black is very much better.’’] '': ... Arblaster’s'pateht,safety powder manufactory, situated about a' mile and a half from Eagle hawk, township, was: destroyed. by an 'explosion on Monday evening. Two boys, one of them the son of the proprietor, were engaged in the store room; : and one. accidentally dropped a tin of powder on ' the'; floor. ■ He immediately pro* needed to get a fresh tin to place the powder in and’had jaat got outside the'door when' the ex plosion occurred. - The force of the explosion threw him down, but the only injuries he re ceived were a few burns' on the arms and body. The other lad also managed to get out of the -room unhurt.. Mr Arbiaster estimates his loss at £200., The building and stock ware uninsured. . The twenty-eighlh annual meeting of the Be- Ugious Tract Society of Victoria was held - on Monday,-..afternoon. ; The report presented showed that the total sales at the depdt and by the agents amounted to £3lBO. The liabilities to: the Beligious Tract Society and Sunday school Union, . London,. are £1612 as against £1983 in 1883, During the year 36,000 tracts ’have bean issued for distribution. ■; The Sydney scandals—Towards the end of last week the Inspector-General of Police received an anonymous letter concerning the ■ mysterious death, on the.2Bth September, of the young woman Ada Hughes, who "resided at 14$ Bourka street, and.wa*. buried the following day. It is alleged (says the Telegraph) she was attended by Evan Thomas, chemist, Castlereagh street, and subsequently >by : Sheridan. The police, after making enquiries,- are now 'in possession of'important information, and arrested Evan Thomas, who was brought before the court, and'remanded‘for a week .oh a charge of baring unlawfully; administered a drug to de ceased about the 23rd June. ■ Bail was refused.. Mr Thomas M'Hugh, of the Avoca Free Press, mot with a serious accident ou Friday evening,. ' by which his ankle was broken. The Bev; J; Megaw, of Ararat, one of the delegates to the Pan-coupcil of the Presbyterian churches, held in'Bslfaat,Treland, in June last, -returned to the, colony by the .mail steamer. Mr Msgaw has been absent from tbs colony just nine months.;. .... A villainous act has been discovered at the store. of Messrs,: Schumann and Kruger, of Horsham. On opening a newly-received case of wax matches it was. found that the zinc with which all such cases are lined had been cut, and a billet of wood thoroughly saturated with kero sene placed amongst the loose papsr boxes. It is more' than likely that in a short time a volume of tales collected from the writings of that welbknown litterateur, the late Mr "Walter Swan, will appear. Mrs Swan_ (writes a Mel bourne correspondent) has been oommunioated with, and has forwarded to a gentleman in Mei bourne sufficient reprint and manuscript matter from which to make a good selection. lam in t formed, also, 'that a wealthy friend of the de ceased writer has interested himself greatly in the work,, and hasconsented to edit the volume 'in addition to providing a handsome monetary assistance. Taking these -circumstances into consideration, in addition to the fact that Mr Swan did much very good work, the book should -have a.large sale. The 'Argus says that another testimony to the growing importance of Australia is furnished by a recent action of Pops Leo XHI, particu lars of which has been received by the R.M.S., .Ganges. Monsignor Aghardi, for years under secretary of the Propaganda for lndia, and Australia, has bee a appointed Archbishop and delegate apostolic to British India. In stead of appointing one ecclesiastic to the office thus vacated,-the Pope has appointed two—viz., Don Giovanni Zougbi to bo secretary for China and’lndia, andtha Bev. Dr. Guaidt to be secre tary for Australia; so that for the future these colonies may: be said to have a special repre sentative at the Vatican. This decision of the Pops is believed to be the result of his perusal of the elaborate report on the position and pros pects of the Roman Catholic Church in Australia that was drawn up by the late Archbishop Vaughan shortly before his death. It was con veyed to Bomo and presented to the Popo by Dr, Vaughan’s private secretary, the Bov. Dr. Gillett. . - | ' The name of poor Marcus Clarke seems I doomed to be bandied backwards and forwards. At one time (writes the Melbourne correspon dent of the Ararat Advertiser) we are grieved at an expose of his pecuniary transactions, and are fain to sorrow over one who, unfortunately, spent his cash “not wisely, but too well." Now there are mors complications over the publish ing of the Clarke Memorial volume, with which it seems Mrs Clarks is scarcely satisfied,. And. yet the book should sell well, for I learn that out of 800 copies printed not a dozen have yet been sent to the neighbouring colonies. It is more than likely, however, that in a lawsuit about to be .initiated some rather interesting particulars will be elioited.. The rabbits about the Werribea are increasing so rapidly in numbers that the settlers are at their wits’ ends how to overcome the difficulty,. They have.poisoned and dug out, introduced the mongoose, stoat, and weasel, and the cry is •* Still they come.” Amid the perplexity, how ever, there is a slight ray of sunshine.. Reynard, like the rabbits, bos also- increased bis genera tion, and-the hen- roost robber makes rabbit "feasting cue of his special delights. Be: csntly Mr S. T. Staughton, president of the Shirs of "Wyndbam, came on a female fox with a Utter of cubs, and round their camp ware strewn hundreds of rabbit*’ legs.. Opinion'), however, are. divided as to whether “ the care does not e.qual the disease.” Some assert the “ sly” quadruped considers a just dropped iamb a most toothsome morsel. Mr Andrev Chirnside, on the contrary, states that he has received no complaints In this direction from- his boundary riders. A neighbouring aqdat:er, however, asserts that as on experiment ha-retoutly poisoned a young '.lamb, and on the following morning found no less than three foxei within a few yards of the locality. Dsteotives Nixon, Mahony, and Ward arrested ;a newly-married couple, named Stephen Marsden and Eliza Marsden' {nee Sweeney) on Monday afternoon on warrants, charged with-forgery and uttering at Sale, Gippsland, on the 14th inst. Mnrsdon was until Ist September last a gcods guard on the Gippsland railway, line, and curried the girl Sweeney at Sale on. the 20th. August last at the Wesleyan Church, his own wife and family (two) being alive, and residing 'at ; 6eelong. Consequently a charge of- bigamy will be placed against him by the detective police. It appears that Marsden got a blank cheque on the Bank of Victoria at Sale on tne 13lh, and on the 14th the blank cheque was ■filled up for. £65, which, sum was paid to MW Marsden, prisoner’s second wife, by, the Bank ot Victoria,-Sale.rthe cheque bearing the second wife’s father’s signature, Mr Sweeney, ot note. A second cheque for £5 was also presented ano paid by the bank-bearing a forged signature oi Sweeney. A correspondent -of the Sydney graph 'records - the return from thoir marnag trip of-a-highly .:interesting couple who wot lately in the employ of one of our principal stor keepers,.she as nurserymaid, he as a captain ot vessel trading between Peata’ Ferry and Moll* Creek; The fair and blushing bride, who nas now: changed •her name for the fourth “ m ?> , rejoicing in her 67th summer, and the gain and jovial bridegroom is 10 years bee senior. _ The situation in regard to the- hooltoafcM* dispute (according to. the HTorfd)) remains aB the-sanoe, neither party as yet, showing » J signs of giving way.. The co-operative m Kent is being taken up. warmly by those strike. There nto only a.fen union men at w now, and these will be in a position to 08D ? 8 . _ to-day dr to-mosrow., ' The work of register s the names of those on strike is being cvtnefl■ • In' connection with ■ this subject a rumour;'!’ , baps a very wild ono, but still a rumour—is ■ New South Wales offers quite as many ia“ , monte as Victoria r for boot manufacturers, possibly one-' dr'two manufacturers may °lr branches in, Sydney. The Soots’ Chureh congregation have no ranged lor any formal reception to welooa Kev. C. Strong on his return to Melbourne, the annual conversazione of the ootigtegsi will be hold in the Town Hall on Enday log, and: it is expected (the EeralA saf®) the Rev. Mr Strong will be. present, lh aion wilUfonu .an el g’THx almost public.welcoming without formau }> Settlement in the.Otway Forest is P r “®s:.J of apace (says the CdUc Herald), and the P“ 3 .* ; tt . j the new Railway Bill b.us bean the octant duomg'a large.number of 'selectors from ’ parts of the colony to'apply for . hoWiba 8 Daring tbevpast^threo,months *?“ ►'wKß acres of laDd.h»yoJ>_eog_applied for.- ab issued, by.the : idea of the track .recently cut . from" 0n Apollo Bay by the; CohaiSlare. GB r»n ? amo» “ / , and haabeen eelebted.. Conß -w froni the. track' in ■ an ®. towards Cape Patten,- the labij wo“lfre: bv a competent authority, excep-: informed {ar eurpaga i n -g ‘soil of tional J wfaat has retarded in ,so greatly in the;past has-been the th o £ or _f, n .jf and now. that; the.- Councils: of Hi ‘and Win’chelsea find that,the -forest land Colaoan thoif respective territories are A 8 occupation, they should do all in their ower to encourage and promote settlement .... P s.mo of the, leading .men of -Sydney are, “ from illness. The Premier, is-just .re-. A tam an- attack of . paralysis. ,Mr T° V |,Vn ? Wlndoyer is! seriously rill.; The’- latest Justice -ho patient j 3 that he 'shows *“?3 improvement. P T he Hon. W. B. Dailey was tak® n suddenly ill pn Monday night, and yestwday. morning .was. unablei to lease :his. win Beniwo Advertiser says that a. alight aooi j f hanSd on Monday afternoon to the Sndue from Wycheproof , at half-past 2 ~1 Wban nassing the staff station, near munieipal cattle yards, the Echuca train, t[ ! due about the same time, was some " Sat behind it on another line of rails.. The Wvcbeproof train reaching the Samson street crossing, when the connecting v i-l between the cattle, trucks and the pas ser carriages suddenly broke. The, engine S, went on his journey as far as the Mitchell , bri d e e before he was aware of. the separa ?Pf C Meanwhile the Eohuoa train passed the nassenpers in the Wycheproof train, who were nfMurse much excited. After a delay of about ?0 minutes, the passengers were brought onto ♦h “ latform in safety, the only damage done being the breaking of the chain. M Camille Pelletahr the French deputy, lecturing to a large audience at Mop, m .pro fating against the China and Maaagasoar wars rfi what the Government calls its great colonial " said—“ I understand the colonial policy Pfe.ud If we could divert the Channel nlaceit between ns and Belgium, Germany, ffiffld, and Italy, then' M. Perry^- might dematch our soldiers on distant expeditions; Stemmed in as we ars by enemies, I am Sarmed to think that at a moment of danger to our honour troops*and treasure are withdrawn to ° ,ko war on the Emperor of China. And when Tam told that Madagascar was once a French imrmce I think with anguish that so, ana far Bore recently, was Alsace-Lorraine. m-e Bendigo newspapers report; a somewhat angular case of somnambulism. It appears that a Sr man employed as draper's assistant m the Operative Store, Sandhurst, was greatly con wmed at the arrest of young Andrew for peon- S, and about 1 o’clock on Monday morning he wm uneasy in his sleep, and .began to, talk •bout the robbery, protesting that ha was not Sy, and that he would not go to the watch-. C His companion, who was awake, foolishly <• Yes, you must; you are guilty; ■ whereupon the dreamer bounded of bed and ran Tato the street in his night shirt, remaining tore for about half an hour. On some persons coming up he returned and went to bed. In the Borning be disclaimed all-knowledge of the Xir- butbis exposure to the night air has renewed a chest complaint from which he was "euiSp <>° ‘be last discovered Nihilist plot to destroy the Czar, a leading London Review observes - “ English correspondents, who asso ciated during the late war with Russian officers, and acquired some knowledge of the sentiments of the Russian army, were lost in surprise at the frank and unguarded manner in which Russians of all ranks avowed their adherence to Nihilism. ■ They aimed sincerely and vehemently at a blank. Thar objected to everything that existed; hated all government, Ml officials, all institu tion! There was nothing they wished for— except nothing. They did not want a larger share of political power, or greater prosperity, or a better poiition for Russia. They oared, neither for the Ciarnor the Church, but they. did not want any other governor or any other religion. They did not picture to themseljes a new state of society, a new state of religious feeling, a new Russia; but only dreamed of a listless, ghost-like ideal, in which there would be no icciety, no religion, no.Rnssia. To English men inch a mental condition, almost inex plicable, seems beyond the wildest vagaries of Bedlam, for the reason, probably, that they hare been so long accustomed to the thought for centuries that it they wanted anything very . much they would probably get it, their wish, being, while destructive, to construc- Kre typa-a different condition, fronrthat rest ing on the broad ground of nothing.”. The Sandhurst races commenced this morinng. Sir W. J. Clarke is expected to be amongst tho visitors, and he will be specially entertained by lie stewards. The following are the latest icratchings as posted ; —Steeplechase, Doris ; Selling Hurdles, Slowtimer; all engagements. Privateer. A musical entertainment will be given in the Town Mission Hall on Thursday night'by the Payne family, Mount Pleasant Glee class'and other talented singers and reciters. ■ ~ Entries for the Maiden Plate and Selling Race," St the Allendale races, will be received up to the night of general entries at Kinane’s hotel, Allendale. An invitation is given elsewhere to smoke only Kaisar-i hind cigarettes, manufactured from the finest Turkish tobacco. Mr C. Vincent Tebby, 40 Collins street east, Melbourne, is the agent for Victoria. Mr H.E. Kugelmann, consulting herbalist, may be consulted free at Craig’s hotel, on Saturday next on all chronic and supposed incurable diseases, from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. “Fair Play,” Piggoraet, should bring the matter in question under the notice of the Superintendent of Police. 