Clandestine Mining for Coal under Reserves, &c.; By John Ushee. In the article on ' Coal-mining Jurisprudence/' ?which appeared in the Evenikg News, January 21, reference is made to 'the celebrated en croachments on the coal under the Maitland re serve 28 years ago, where one of the parties was let off by paying a royalty of Is per ton,' &c.; I was engaged professionally in both the cases alluded to, and may, without breach of confidence, give the full particulars, which, at this juncture, when the value of coal lands has been, and will be further discussed by the Legislature, may prove of some value. In the year 1856 Messrs. Nixon and Co. were ?working coal out of a portion of the late Mr. Henry Osborne's estate, at Four-mile Creek, near East Maitland, adjoining the Maitlaiid reserve. It was rumoured that they had encroached on the reserve mentioned, consequently the then inde fatigable examiner of coal fields and inspector of coal mines, Mr. Keene, inspected the colliery workings, which led to the owners, on the recom- mendation of that gentleman, appointing the writer to make a survey plan and report, the substance of which is as follows — Section of strata souk through in the ' A Pit,' O3borne Collier j. fa ft in fa ft in Sand and clay ... ... ... 0 4 9 YeUow sandstone ... ... ... 10 5 Tills ? 0 10 Sandstone ... ... ... ... 0 3 2 Tills ? 0 13 Sandstone ... ... ... ... 0 2 7 Tills * ? 0 5 3 M ? 4 0 5 Coal... & ? 2 7 Sandstone ... ... ... ... 15 2 Coal ... ... ... ... ... 0 10 Grey shivery post, mixed -with grey metal and coal pipes ? 14 0 3 4 2 fCoal ? 0 1 2J Bond ._ „ ... 0 0 1 . Coal ? -S g Band ? :.. 1 | Coal ? 9 £ Band . 0§ g Coal ? 4 j Band ? 1 L 0 S 3 rCoal ? 1 9i g-3 I Splint coal ? 1 14 :J3 2 J Cherry coal ... ... ... 4 Si 1 ~Eand ? 1 (k fc | Bottom coal ... ... ... 1 0£ L ? 1 1 7* Total depth ... .„ ... 9 2 9J The lower seam is the only one that is workable. Its depth from the surface is 9fa 2ft 9-Mn, and the section taken ox the face of the north headways (marked A ou the plan) is as follows: — Coal ? ... 3ffc 6in Clayband ... ... ... Oft Jin Bottom coal ... ... ... 1ft Oin 4ft 7in After having plotted my survey and completed a plan, of the workings, I find you liave encroached upon the coal underneath tne MaitLind reserve. The following estimate gives the quantities, &c; : — U'he total area irom which coal has ) lqnR „„,... T,rfl, been worked is Oa lr 23p. S 1905 Square yards 1S0J sq. yards x 4ft 6in the thickness of 1 2S59 bi fl workable coaL J 2859 cubic yards x 19 cwt per cubic ) 27i6 tons yard. S Deduct left in pillars, say 99 1 tone 1722 tons. The actual quantity of coal worked from under the 3Iait land Kceerve. According to your recmest, I have marked off an equal area, i.e., 1 rood 23 perches, in the north-east part of your royalty (coloured pink on plan), which 1 thirl k would be equally as available — in the event of a winning being made on the ilaitland reserve — as the portion you have worked, provided you can effect this arrangement with the Govern ment. 1 think that on this proposal being made to the Government you should not lose sight of the iact of the coal having- been taken in error, and without any design to defraud, inasmuch as the accountlof coals wrought were attributed and paid for as belonging to the owner of the estate upon which the shafts are situated. I have not been able to iurnish a plan for the Examiner of Coal-fields and Mines, but hove made a tracing, which 1 enclose, and trust it will answer liis present purpose. The plan can he forwarded to him, together with the plan of the Sunderland colliery workings, which I have ia hand. The matter of this encroachment was settled by Messrs. Nixon and Co., paying the following account furnished by the Examiner : — 2716 tons of coal at Is ? £135 16 0 Fee for verifying survey and estimate... ... 5 0 0 Incidental expenses ... '' ... ... 3 0 0 £143 16 0 On reference to my notes, I find, ' Mr. Keene stated that in a case of this kind, wilful trespass, it was the law to enforce payment for the actual amount of coal in the portion worked, not allow ing pillars to be removed.' Where my old and much esteemed, friend got his law from I don't know, but, anyhow, I was satisfied. When in Wallsend lately, X was reminded by an old coal miner that I did good service on that occa sion, and I am inclined to think I did, for since then the Privy Council decided that le per ton was not a quid pro quo for the coal worked by the Messrs. Dibbs at New Lambton Colliery, but that they should pay about 5s per ton, being the esti mated amount of profit derived from the sale of the coal. It need not be wondered that Messrs. Nixon and Co. were chagrined at having to pay even the moderate amount they did for wliat they said was 'an error/' when to their certain knowledge greater errors of the same kind had been made in a neighbouring colliery, and no Government interference had been made. After the mulctuary my clients were subjected to, they moved for a Governmental inquiry into the workings of Hillingdon Colliery, but were unsuccessful. They, therefore, offered to have a, survey made at their own expense, but permission a la Sneddon was refused. However, the Messrs. Nixon and Co., who belonged to that favoured district of England, the native population of which are said to exhibit many striking and characteristic qualities, which dis tinguish, them at a glance from the inhabitants of the more southern regions, were not to be thwarted. The survey of Hillingdon Colliery was made and a return to East Maitland effected before the president of the Early Bising Asso ciation — Peter, the fisherman's friend — had made his melody heard. Nor did we — yes, we — for I had a companion, a real Tynesider, a grand specimen of manhood, see the sign of ghost or goblin, bogie or spirit, spectre or phantom, or any other of the innumerable whimsical inhabitants of the spirit world peopling the gloomy recesses of the hole called a mine, or the road or roads to and from it, for they had in this region, as elsewhere, vanished like shadows, and are seen no more. The report of this survey shall speak for itself i— 'I descended the Hillingdon Colliery . . . for the purpose of making a survey of the workings under the Maitland reserve, &c;, and beg to hand you the accompanying plan and tracing thereof. I regret to say. that in consequence of the un workmanlike manner that the mine has been worked, many places have fallen in (see plan) thereby preventing us from getting to the face of all the workings, and hindering me from giving an accurate estimate of the coal really worked. The real facts can only be had by ridding the falls or sinking a shaft. From information that I have received from parties who are well acquainted with the work ings, together with information acquired from my own personal examination of the colliery in April, 1855, I have drawn on the plan, a line (coloured yellow) which I believe to be very near about the face of the workings; and, if correct, shows that 2a Or 20p of the coal under the Mait land reserve has been worked. The following estimate gives the quantities : — Say, 2 acres and 20 perches... ... 10,285 square yards. 10,285 square yardsx 4ft 6in theaverO ajre thickness of working coal ...i 15,427 cubio yards. 15,427 culic yards x 19 cwt. per cubic \ yard ... ... ... ...J 14,655 tons 13 cwt, the total quantity of coal in 2 acres and 20 perches. The mine has been worked evidently without any regard to future pillar working. Should any attempt be made to re move the pillars, it will be attended with great expense mid danger, and the coal which may be got out almost unsalable froui its being so Email. On the 7th May, 1858, 1 was credibly informed that one o£ the lessees, a ' gentleman' of re nown, had the pillars taken out, thereby stopping the working of the 'C Pit,' and hindering a survey made of the encroachments -onder Crown Lands. * \- It seems rather remarkable that such barefaced robbery should have been%Uowed even daring the years from 1847 to 1858. Some of the gentle men' of Tighe'a Hill, Pepperton, and other localities must have studied in this quarter -with great advantage to themselves. ...; . ; The Hillingdon Colliery has a history worthy of .record, but apace forbids more than a passing reference. At one time it might have been eaid of the r— ion in which it is Bituate 1 . * something not very unlike what was reported in days of yore re a certain property in America, viz. — 'Locality, 20 miles from Chicago ; popula tion, bullfrogs ; crops, swamp ; present value, nil' — for large portions of land at and near Hillingdon were purchased at 5s per acre ; and many ' grants ' of great extent were made. But the prospect of the A.A. Company's ' coal monopoly' being broken up, led to searches for coal at and near Morpeth (the head of the navi gation of the Hunter), as well as at the Maitlands and Hexham. Mr. William Pane De Saiis having became the owner of the TTiltiTig don estate in 1847, leased at a nominal rental 20 acres thereof to Mr. James Brown, who sunk a shaft, and worked a coal mine thereon for a few years. It was afterwards sub-let to other per sons and worked to much profit; and well it might, seeing, as before-mentioned, some of the lessees had worked the fine seam of coal from under the Maitland -reserve without paying a peppercorn for the same in. way of royalty rent. In IS58, I was, after an interview with Mr. De Salis, in London, — instructed by his attorneys in Sydney — to report on the Hillingdon estate, in which I said, The following is in my opinion the amount of coal worked from the Hillingdon estate : — Total area from which coal has been worked, 8 acres and 20 perches. 1 estimate that the four acres of coal first worked was 5ft 6in thick, *n-l the remaining four acres and 20 perches were 4ft 6in thick. say 4 acres, 5ft 6in thick ... ... 35,493 cubic yards Say 4J acres, 4ft 6in thick ... ... 29,947 cubic yards Making the total excavated ... ... 65,440 cubic yards of coal, and reckoning 19cv?t per cubic yard, makes the total quantity of coal in the eight acres 20 perches to be 62,16Stons. Messrs. Nixon and Co., who have a lease of the adjoining mine from Mr. Osborne, pay a royalty rent of lsper ton, which I consider fair and reason able. And as the Hillingdon mine is in a much better position for obtaining cartage at a cheaper rate (Is pertonless), I consider Is 6d per ton a fair royalty rant for the coal taken from the Hill ingdon estate. 'Assuming this to be the value of the coal in situ, then 62,168 tonsat Is Gd per lon=.£4662 12s is the value of the coal worked. It is worthy of record at the present time, when the new Land Bill i3 under consideration and coal is being stolen from under streets and public roads to such an alarming extent, to consider this and preceding estimates, as well as the fol lowing from Mr. Wm. Fane De Salis, who said to the lessee of the Hillington Colliery over 30 years ago : — ' I have estimated the coal to be worth .£500 per acre to you, which makes the total value to be .£10,000.' If what has been here said teacbes anything, it is that amended legislation and efficient ad ministration is very essential to the protection of the public estate, and to that end one or more mineral asents should be appointed who should be as free from political and other intrigue as zhe Auditor-General now is — like Ccesar's wife, above suspicion. Those who have been guilty of encroaching on the public reserves, streets, &c;, may do well to consider the following, for which I am indebted to the most recent edition of ' Bainbridge on the Law of Mines and Minerals.' The remedy at law for encroaching in an action of trespass. The f measure of damages insach cases is thef ull value of | the minerals as soon as they are Eeyered f rq.ni the freehold. If they have been brought to the sur face and disposed of, the amount may be esti mated by deducting the cost of transit from the place of working, from the value at the mouth of the pit or level. This does not preclude any other mode of fixing the amoiat, according to the above rule. But no deductions can be made for the cost of working, ncr for the dues of tLe lessor. In cases of aotuaMraud, a court of equity would probably follow the cases at law above cited, which gives compensation without any deduction for the costs of working. In aggravated cases of mistake the same rule might be applied. In cases of simple or bona fids mistake, compensation will be confined to the actual profit accruing, or which might have been fairly acquired from the tres pass. The market value of the mineral at the pit's mouth wiJl be taken, and all just allowances be made for the costs of -working. In Hilton v. Woods, in assessing compensation for coal already gotten by the defendant, the Court, being of opinion that he had worked it in advertently and not fraudulently, held that he was to pay only the fair value of such coal, as if he had purchased the mine from the plaintiff. And, in re United Merthyr Collieries Co. tho rule was laid down, or reaffirmed, that where coal has been wrongfully taken by working- into the mine of an adjoining owner the trespasser (in the absence of any suggestion of fraud) will be treated as the purchaser at the pifs mouth, and must pay the market value of the coal at the pit's mouth, less the actual disbursements — not including any profits or trade allowances — for severing or bringing it to bank, so as to place the owner in the same position as if he had severed it and brought it to bank. In Llynvi Co. v. Brogden (a ease of fraud or aggravated mistake), where a mine-owner had passed his boundary and taken coals from his neighbour's mine, he was held liable to account for the value of the coals at the pifs mouth, with just allowances for the cost of raising, but not of getting or severing. As showing that even remote damages may be recoverable in cases of fraud or of aggravated mistake, there is the case of Williams v. Raggett, decided on the 7th August, 1877. It appeared that the defendants had trespassed on the plaintiff's mines, and had worked and gotten coal therein to the extent of (about) 13,519 tons ; and that in the course of their working they had left the pillars of coal of considerable size, containing (about) 1617 tons, which, by reason of the abstraction of the coal gotten, had become dry and crushed, and had been diminished in value, so as to be unworkable at a profit. The plaintiff claimed damages in re spect of the coal so rendered unworkable (in addition to damages in respect of the coal gotten). Fry, J., after directing an inquiry as to the value of the coal actually gctten, said he was of opinion that damages should also be given in respect of the coal rendered unworkable, the latter damage having been caused by the act of the defendants, and therefore not being too remote ; and accord ingly he extended the inquiry as to damages to the last-mentioned coal as well, being the coal rendered unworkable as aforesaid by the act oi the defendant. It is not too much to say that several accounts, although they may 'be intricate, -will have to be squared ere long by the coal-stealers of the Newcastle district. ESurgSitry. Two youths named William Lynch and George Chapman, oa Thursday last were charged before Mr. Whittingdale Johnson, S.M., at the Water Police Court, with breaking and entering into the dwelling of Timothy Hogan, at Sandwick, and stealing there from a quantity of jewellery, three sovereigns, and a .£1 note, valued in all at £7. Emily Hogan, the wife of the prosecutor, deposed tbat on Wednesday week last she left her house about 12 o'clock midday to visit a friend; all the doors and windows at that time, being securely fastened. On her return about a quarter past 5, she found that the place had been broken into, and the bedroom furniture was very much disturbed. The rooms wera strewn with articles of clothing, taken from the drawers, and her jewellery and some goods and money were missing. Some of the missing things . were afterwards found in the possession of the prisoner Chapman, who had been arrested on a similar charge. The same prisoners were then charged with stealing, in company with others, from the dwelling-house of Henrietta Manning, a quantity of jewellery and other goods, valued in all at ,£3. From the evidence of the proseeutrix. who is a widow lady, residing at Elizabeth Bay, it appeared that on June 9, while she was occupied in the back part of the house, someone had effected an en trance by the front door or window, and appropriated the articles she afterwards missed. Both the door and window bad been forced open, and A sovereign, which was enclosed in a purse .deposited _ one of the drawers, was missing, besides other -goods which were afterwards traced by the detective officers to the possession of the prisoners. His Worship considered that a case hsd been fully made out against Chapman on each charge, and com mitted him to take his trial at the next Quarter Ses sions. Lynch, who appeared to have been only a, chance companion of the other prisoner, pleaded not guilty in each . case, and was discharged with a caution. ? ' * : A few weeks ago,- while a woman in.Gour don, Scotland, was -cleaning & small-sized skate, of the: species known ae a.' thorny,' she discovered in its gtomachjpi .pommon plain gold ring, bearing the Hall stamp, but no otter mark. : \- V . ? \- ' ' '. $T 