BELFAST. (from oue own cob&espoxdekt.;) March L The schooner 44 Isabel," which usually returns to Tasmania in ballast, on her last trip took away a large quantity of potatoes, and 20 tons of iron, &c.;, for Melbourne. The "Coorong" ibis week has been chartered for Sydney, taking over 5000 bags of potatoes, and wfll go to New castle for a return cargo of coal Large quan tities oi the tubers still arrive, though the price is only 27s 6d a ton. An attempt is bring made to form a philhar monic society in Bdfost. Years ago we pos sessed such a society, whose public performances were of a high class, and ever available for charity purposes. The Inspector from the Public Works Depart ment, Mr. Turner, has directed that the voria of dredging in the Moyne shall be proceeded with, with more energy, and has put on two gangs of men, who wiilbe kept at it sixteen hours eachday. The first night shift commenced on Monday at 5 p.m. and worked until 3 a.m., and the day men begin at the ordinary hour of 7 a.m., knocking off at five. It has shuck me that were the day workers to commence at 5 turn, and do their eight hours, the second shift would com mence earlier in the afternoon, and obtain more daylight for their work. This wonld be a saving of labonr in the lighting up of the beacon fires improvised for carrying on the operations, and I dare say be a more agreeable arrangement for the men. This determination on the part of the Public Works Department evidences the desire of the Government to give us full ad vantage of tbe river facilities, and in a abort time, no doubt, the sticking in the river of tbe steamers, which has lately been so annoying and costly, wfll be no more heard of. Acting npon a suggestion from Mr. Henry Butler, it has been decided by the Borough Council to apply to the postmaster- general to make up a mail for Belfast and intermediate places for despatch by the 5.30 p.m. Hamilton train leaving Melbourne. This will give 44 too late" correspondence posted for the 3.30 train for Camperdown, tbe opportunity of reaching Belfast ria Hamilton by 2 p.m. on the -day following, instead of bring detained until the third day after posting, and wfll enable replies bring sent on the day of receipt. If complied with, tbe additional service wfll be of great advantage, ana wui entau no expense no nne department. Two young meu connected with the shipping offices — Messrs. D. Pearson and J. Russell — had occasion to visit on business the 44 Coorong" in the bay late on Monday night, and on returning in a small boat, one of tbe rowers lost his oar overboard. It was a dark, squally night, and the boat drifted quickly seaways, being entirely at tbe mercy of the elements. The only signal tbe distressed ones could suggest was the re peated striking of ludfer matches, which, for tunately, attracted the notice of tbe watchman of the 44 Coorong," wbo reported the matter ; and Captain Smith despatched a boat, and rescued the two young fellows from a most dangerous position. One of the sailors of the "Casino" had his hand crushed in the cogs of the steam winch on Monday night, and was conveyed to Dr. B&ird; for treatment, and is now in the hospital. 44 Jimmy Dyson" iiad his kitchen and some outhouses burned down on Saturday last. The fire was caused by the upsetting of a vessel con taining fat, and had not the flames been checked by a hedge growing near the dwelling-house, that too would have been destroyed. Only the were at home at the time of the acci dent. On the Bosebrook road stands a neat little stone cottage having the reputation of being a haunted house, and tenant after tenant leaves the place because of the undiscoverable cause of certain noises heard on the premises " at the witching time of night." With unabated regularity tbe midnight visitant passes through the house with no aiiy, spiritual footstep, but with such heavy tread that the occupants are aroused from sleep under the impression that there is 44 somebody in the house. Watching cannot disclose the cause of the disturbance, but that it exists is affirmed by independent, and reliable testimony. On one occasion the daughter of a former occupant, frightened to sleep alone in the house, obtained the com panionship of a young woman who was ignorant of the existence of any mysterious noise, but at the usual time the footsteps passed the thres hold, and tbe two young women fled from the house to a neighbor s in a most hysterical con dition. Some of the residents finnly believe the place is haunted, and one told me he wouldn't lire in the place if it were made a present to him. In connection with the mystery, it is stated that in the cellar of the house is a spot about six feet long and sug gestively narrow in proportion, that assumes a raised appearance, which, notwithstanding re peated attempts to reduce to the level of the other portions of the floor, cannot be removed. It has been swept clean to the same level, but it soon afterwards rises to a mound several inches above the surrounding earth. This peculiarity lends additional mysteriousuess to the nlace. and confirms the opinion of the people who believe that there is a ghost about. It appears a death occurred in the bouse of a somewhat sudden character some years ago, but not under circumstances that usually give rise to ghost yarns, but it is affirmed that ever since then these noises have occurred, and that pre viously no such unpleasant associations as new exist were ever known. 