The Advertiser FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1884, THIS is a time when the character and qualifications of a number of our fellow colonists are drawing on them a closer than ordinary attention. Even modest men are driven iv their own despite to vindicate their claims to be leader* and representatives. Perhaps these claims are not in all instances deliberately weighed; it is rather what suitors for popular favor promise than what they arc to which the majority will attend ; and yet it is whit they are that is the more important matter. Besides the political interest which is felt at such a criiw, there is also to the thoughtful cbscrvera psychological interest in the present situation. It suggests some enquiry into the elements of character or accidents of position which help or hinder personal influence. Obviously there is something which imposes on the imigina tioii in any already assured success. I'ublic <>j>iiiiiin ia predisposed in fav.ir of those who wear iv their very appearance an air of pro6}>ciity. And it is fair to assume cajiacit)- in those who have done well ia the management of affairs of whatever kind with which they have had to do. But it is not always considered to how large an extent the powerful motive of fclf-interest may have conduced to per sonal prosperity; and it it quite possible that in ? situation where the first demand is the subordination of private to the public interest, sucli a man might disappoint even reasonable expectations. The connection of personal prosperity in the individual with superior ability is by no means au invariable rule. There are men on whom fortune always seems to smile; if there are favorable openings in life, by some lucky chance they are in the way at the right time. .Sometimes the <>nly characteristic talent or skill has beeu that of turning to their own advantage the misfortunes of their neighbors. Some times wealth has come to them by thrj mere increment of value, which reward* those who simply retain their hold on what they have; or they have inherited the pioduce of an industry that was not their own. In spite therefore of tie homage which most men pay to assured pruiqierity it is not au absolutely ortiiu test of intellectual or moral fitness for a great public trust that a man is wealthy and wtll-todo. Even if he has gained liia position by the exercise of talents of a certain order they may not bo of the kind required in the larger business of the country. It may be fairly asked what evidence there is that he will show as anxious a concern for the public interest as for his own advancement, and that he haa the kind of judicial equity required tor balancing the conflicting claims of dif ferent classes of the community. There is another way in which men im pose on the popular imagination. We are all familiar with the aspirant to public favor who has unbounded confidence in himself. He has no misgivings, no tremors of modesty, and an unlimited command of speech. The extreme self satisfaction of the character troubled by no disconcerting doubts does usually at the outset make a considerable impression tthich almost overawes criticism. Is is ditlicult to imagine that when a man be lieves so entirely iv himself, there are not good grounds for his belief His opinions may have been picked up at second-hand, but with amusing self-idolatry his very act of appropriation has given them a new value in his eyes. " 1 myself, 1," is his favorite tone. If he have sufficient skill at some critical moment to avail himself of a decisive change in public opinion, and to identify himself with it as its represen tative for ends of his own, his leadership is for the time assured. But people, though easily imposed on at first, will in the long run learn to distinguish between the ring of th metal which is true and the baser material Unblushing effrontery and unlimited volubility will go a great way, but the practical test of experience will infallibly rectify the wrong judgment of first impressions, formed ou doubtful grounds. The man may retain his confi dence in himself, but it ceases to impress others. There may recur the atook phrases, the stock quotations from the poets, the carefully premeditated bursts of eloquence, but they have no longer the charm they had when people honestly be lieved that they really meant something. It is a little humiliating to remember how often our estimate of men has been affected by merely physical qualities. The notorious John Wilks, famous in his day for hi? successes with women, was strik ingly ugly, but such was the charm of his conversational powers that he was wout to say that, give him half an hour's start and be was not afraid of the rivalry of the handsomest man. This half hour's start, however, is the thing that is not always to be had; and there is no doubt of the fast that an agreeable person often prejudices the judgment. A. man whose physical proportions are good, who is the picture of health and' Strength, and who baa s rich strong voice thai somehow as yon hear it makes you think of fruity port wine, has always s preliminary advantage. It is true that the physical qualities may not correspond to the mental, bat it requires time to discover thu. A pulpit or platform orator, who rolls out his sentences with a smooth creamy kind of intonation may be an titter humbug, but this does not appear on the surface. The mere advantage of voice ia itself so great that it is often able to outweigh thinking powers of a high order. But what is most puzzling of all is the fact that we have men amongst us of very superior {towers who do not seem able to acquire any popular infliu-nce. They are well-informed; they are good reaaonen; they marshal their arguments in a way that ought to be effective, but some how they do not get a hold on the public mind. They ate net unduly ambitious, and there ia no reason to sus pect them of insincerity, but men of fur inferior gifts acquire the popular influence which they seem unable to secure. This may be in some cases due to the want of the physical qualities just referred to. But more frequently their failure may be referred to the absence in their nature of the element of emotion. They take a good hold of their subject, but are never to possessed and mastered by it aa to lose their eelf-consciousness. They are completely destitute of that mysterious influence which takes captive the fi-clings of an audience. The want of cental evmpathy, of the power of realising other nioocU of feeling, is as serious a disqualification as any that can be imagined for public sucse-s. For vaut of this, though he speak ever so wisely, he is unable to create anything like I'lj'i'ort bttween himself and his audiecce. 1 lard and strong, he ia deficient in a certain susceptibility of mind. At present the politicians are busy with political questions, but besides the poli ticians there arc others who are looking on with a different kind of interest. In the proceedings of men under the fierce glare of public criticism, there are reve. latiens of cliaracter that are often very suggestive. An cstimatemorc or less accu rate has been formed of those who have long taken an active part in public affairs; but new men are also coming to the front, aad it is with a curious contemplative interest that some eyes rest on them. It is asked, not merely what side they will take on this or that parry question, but what new varieties of life and character will enter itto the history of the future. Those who are quite outside the hurly-burly are yet net indifferent spectators. They look at the men who are making our history, and wonder whether they have ?ny adequate conception of the responsibility they are encountering. There ia a novel interest in the scene to which no thoughtful per son can be insensible The uncertainty of modern prophecies even where the date for forecasting the future were tolerably within the grasp of the prophets, has been well exemplified in the actual speed of railway trains as compared with what was expected when the first railway lines wore opened in Great Britain. Come forty years ago it | was confidently foretold that before a decade or two should pass away the ordinary rate of speed attained by express : trains would be a hundred miles an hour. Brunei felt pretty certain of it, and even the more cautious George Stephenson believed that fifty miles in sixty minutes would be considered slow. Yet though the average speed of all trains run on British lines tends gradually to increase, the actual m?imiim speed of any one train now running is consider ably less than I'runel lived to accomplish himself on the treat Western line. On the other hand the modern traveller en joys advantages in the shape of a more frequent train-service than the early en gineers believed would ever be required. As for the c.iuforts of modern travel it is almost impossible to conceive how our fathers could tolerate for an hour the inconveniences which they ap pear to have suffered with little or no grumbling in the good old times. They seem positively, the dear old boys, to have revelled in discomfort. It is all very well to talk ascctically of modern luxury and so forth, but our esteemed parents certainly devoted more skill and attention to the promotion of physical discomfort than ever we do to secure an op|tosite end. Here is a sketch given by au old Board of Trade official of the English passenger can as many people rvineiuber them in their youth:—"A first- class compartment used to seat cix passengers, and as iv addition tobeiug very low it was very narrow, travellers' kuccs were pressed uncomfortably hard against those of their neighbors. But the second-class traveller had far greater dis comfort to complain of. His scat was a bare board, and unless provided with a good umbrella the chances argued in favor of a wet bkiii, for all secoud-class carriages were open to the weather on cither side. A framework with seats Ittttd on the bed of a carriage truck cmi btitutcd the vehicle in which third-class passengers travelled in those days. On a wet day the condition of pox wretches compelled by poverty to travel iv such conveyances may be imagined. If they turned their backs to the storm the rain ran down their necks ; if they I faced the storm their eyes were blinded and their pockets filled with water." It took an Act of Parliament and a lot of fighting to induce the railway companies to put glass windows in all their carriages, and when this feat was accomplished there were not wanting those who fore told all manner of evil as likely to result from this insidious attempt to " pamper the lower orders." Professor Foxwell, in the course of a very readable paper prepared by him recently for the Statistical Society, gives some curious figures as to the fares charged on English lines, and the average rate of speed attained by express pas senger trains. We occasionally hear a little grumbling in South Australia about differences alleged to exist between the fares charged on the Hills line as com pared with the northern railways, but these differences are mild indeed compared with the disproportionate rates charged by lines lying to die south of London as compared wiih the Cares by the railways which serve the midland and northern districts of England. Thus between London and Brighton (50| miles), with eight expresses, 12b 3d. first class is charged; between Lon don and Bedford, the same distance, with seventeen expresses, 6s. TO.; from Lon don to Dover, 98 miles, with seven ex. presses, 80s.; horn London to, Peter borough, about the same distance with twenty-nine expresses, lla. 33.' No wonder that a strong feeling should be growing up in favor of fur ther competition in the southern dis tricts. Unfortunately experience has shown too often in England, as it did here in the cue of the Holdfast Bay and Glenelg lines, that excessive competition piyaww ruin to shareholders and ultimate loss to the public in whose suppose! favor the competition was initiated. With reference to speed Professor Fox veil gives the highest average speed at tained by any train on the four graat southern lines as from 45 to] 48 miles an hour. The longest run without stop page on these lines is from Dover to Vic toria by the Chatham line, the run of 78 miles being accomplished in 1 hr. 4a mm. The longest run in the United Kingdom without stoppage is from Grantham to King's Cross, 1051 miles, in four minutes over two hours. This feat is accomplished with unvarying punctuality by four trains a day. The fastest trains in the world are those running on the Great Western broad gauge. Here over sixty miles an hour is attained, but the distances r?n by the expresses are not aolo?g as on the northern lines. The Great Western has always had a well deserved reputation for speed. Special trips have been run on the line yean ago at a speed never attempted for the regular passenger service. Thus we read that in the year 1846 a speed of over 70 miles an hour was obtained on an experimental trip between Exeter and Star Cro3&, Curiously enough this was done without the use of a locomotive at all; the line being worked on what was known as the atmospheric principle. The Illustrated Lundon News of August 10, 1844, says that when the Duke of Edin burgh was born a special passenger train from Windsor (Slough) to Paddington covered the distance of 18¼ miles in fifteen minutes and ten seconds. One of the most remarkable runs ever made in Great Britain was on the occasion of the celebrated Trent episode. A special engine bringing the United States dis patches from Holyhead to London ran 204 miles in five hours, with only, oae stoppage of a minute or two at Stafford. Railway authorities are much divided en the question of speed. On the one hand many engineers iPi""fo'H that a large traffic is actually better and more safely conducted with a high speed than a low ; that the officials are generally more on the look out, and that the necessity for thorough efficiency in the permanent way and rolling-stock tends to diminish the risks of accident. On the other hand high speed means great wear and tear and expense, and if you are equally certain of getting the traffic whether you run fast or slow there seems no special reason for incrcasirg the proportion of expenditure to net earnings. The public generally, if one may judge from the history of the past twensy years in Great Britain, is rather in favor of numerous trains and moderate charges than of a few trains at an exceptionally high apeed and with the drawback of express fares. Tub decision of the Melbourne Steam Navigation Board with reference to the collision between the Adelaide and the ! Wairarapa is one which to most impartial persona will probably appear a little one aided. The board finds that Captain Lockyer, of the Adelaide, was responsible for the collision, he being the captain of ] the overtaking vessel, and the sentence of the board is that Captain Lockyer's certi ficate be suspended for two months. A severe censure was passed on the captains of both ships for proceeding down Hobson'a Bay on a dark night at a high rate of speed, and while the vessels were in such close proximity as the evidence showed them to have been. Nothing, however, appears to have been said about the responsibility incurred by the captain of the Wairarapa as the prac tical challenger in the race, or in respect of the bad steering on the Waira iapas part, to which the evidence distinctly {minted. As a general principle no rule can be sounder in navigation than the one which provides that an overtaking vessel must keep out of the way of the vessel it is passing, but reasonable regard must be had in the application of this as of other rules to special circumstances. If the.leading vessel cither deliberately or through bad seaman ship is steered out of its proper track and into that of another which is fast ovcrhauliua; it, some share of the blame ought in fairness to be meted out to the captain whose action is the immediate came of the collision. 'I his view of the case appears to have struck at least one member of the board, far it will be observed that Captain Devlin "pro tested against any speciality being made with regard to the Adelaide, as, to Ins mind, both vessels were responsible for the collision." Though both sides denied that there was any racing, no reasonable person who has read the reports of the evidence tendered, or the statements made by passengers, can have any doubt that each vessel was going at top speed, and with a special view, not to making a rapid voyage, but to beating ita opponent. Indeed the chief engineer of the Wairarapa admitted, in answer to the chairman, that it would have been dan gerous to have put any further pressure on that vessel, and it was equally clear that the Adelaide was doing her best. Moth vessels were therefore racing, and the captains were no doubt acting improperly in pursuing a course which might endanger not merely the ships under their charge, but the passengers and crew, for whose safety it is the first duty of a captain under all circumstances to provide. To a race, as to a quarrel, there must be at least two parties; and it certainly seems hard, having regard to the whole of the surrounding circumstances, that the whole burden of punishment should fall upon the one whom the majority of people who have watched the case will probably con aider to have been the less culpable oft he two captains concerned. To-day being Good Friday will be observed as a general holiday. In the morning at the Town Hall and the Norwood Baptist Church ] then will be services in connection with the j Honth Australian ???d?j-s?i?nni rrmnn. An j excursion to Blackwood of Che members aad friends of Cha lifeboat Lodge. L0.6.T., will take place. The second annual picnic ot the South Australian Ftmthoueht Society will ; be held on the grounds of Mr. H. Oliver, at Clepham. Attractions are offered to pleasure aethers at Glenelg, the Semaphore, Henley jfratfr and the Grange, and there will also be cricket and quoit matches on the Adelaide and Kensington OvaU. In the evening the Adelaide Choral Society will make their firat public appearance at the Town HaU, on ?hicb occasion Weber's Mam in G, Men delsccbn'a 42bd psalm, and other selections will be given. A total eclipse of the moon took place on Thursday evesdng, April 10. The evening was calm and the sky dear, so that an excel lent view of the eclipse was obtainable in the city. Between 8 and 10 o'clock cha streets were in iisilinass, as Che gss lamps bad not been lighted. The first con. tact with Cha penumbra took place at 5 57 pn.; the first contact with the ahadoar at7.7p.ss.; the beginning of the total phase at &15 Vbsa,; middle ot the eclipie at 9.1 pirn, j end of total phase at a 47 p.m.; last contact with the shadow at 1055 p.m. ; last eentact with the penumbra at five minutes past 12. The return of land add and cash received duriogMarchahovs that the total areaof land sold for cash was l^Kaeres, the amount bid forthisbeinE £2,155. Themontlftereditaalas ?mounted to £18.416, representing an we* ot 65,396 acres. The amount paid into the Treasury mi amount ol credit sales was £6.857. The grand total of both cash aad credit sales was £80,572, representing an area of 66.615 aerea. In addition to the above, the following amounts wara received:—Com pletion of purchase ot 9.309J acres, under Act 14 of IS6S9, &c;,£lo,GOllSi.9i.; pay ment of one-fourth purchase-money, £367 si. lid.; payment of hall purchase-money, £2,658 4a.; payment of portion of purchase money, £715 a.; second instalment of interest, £3,1302*. 4d.; extension of credit for three fourth* of purchase-money, under cl?aae 1 <£ Act 4of 180970, £403 Us. BJ. ; extension of credit for whole of purchase-money, under dame 1 ot Act 4 ot 1869-70, £2,033 Its. 101.; extension of credit for half purchau- money. under dame 22 of Act 18 of 1572, £393 18*. Sd.; Interest on overdue ??>" it?, £524*- Id.; the (rand total payments on account of land during the month were £25.533U5, lid. The newa that the certificate ot Captain lioefcjer.of the steamer AdrfaWe, had been suspended by the Victorian steam Naviga tion Board, only nached Captain lioskyer when his vessel arrived at Glenelg on Taurs oay from Melbourne. As soon as the saloon paaKngers heard the intelligence they bald an impromptu mwittng, and resolved to convey their sympathy with Captain lockyer to him on bit arrival at Port Adelaide. When the vessel reached the wharf this was done by Mr. B. GacHdr, one of the passengers, who told Captain Lxkrer Chat be believed the two months' holiday accorded to him by die Melbourne authorities would cot have the effect of lessening in the slightest degree Che confidence repned in him by the public. Mr, W. C Cox and another passenaerwho were also in the Adelaide at the time of her oolluian with the Wairarapa expressed their belief that the suspension of the certificate was not in any way deserved* and it was also remarked that the members of the Victorian board seemed to hare gone to tfcrir Tip* thrir "?'t^ alnrady made up. Captain LodcyerthaEked the pas aeogen heartily for their expresuons of sympathy and good will, and assured Cheat that the safely of Us passengers wasalvajs his first consideration. Notices posted in Che telegraph- office state that the Madras cab!c is under repair, and that communicatton with Tientsin to re stored. His Excellency the Governor has consented to preside at theceremony in connection with the formal opening of the North Adelaide Institute on Friday, April IS. The following is a list of the passengers becked to sail by the 8.M.8. Ballaarat, which leaves Gteneig for England on Saturday:— Mr.andMn.W.H.Symon,Blr.Horaabrook, Miss Soward, Mr. & W. VaaSenden, for London. Hon. M.Salom, M.li.a. for Venus. A number of cases which were not heard a the Adelaide Local Court on Thursday after" soon were adjourned till Tuesday morning next at 11 o'clock. The Local Court has no sr been connected with the Telephone Exchange, and this will prove undoubtedly a great con vccier.ee to the bar, the press, and the general public The number of births and deaths registered in the Stneral BegUter Office daring Che wctk ending Saturday, April 5, was:—Births —1U males, 13ifemales;deaais-61 males, 59 females. Total-215 births, 111 deaths. Er ects of Urths, 131 In the district of Ade. latfe the births were-3l males, 39 females; deaths-2l males, 19 females. Total-70 births, 40deaths. Excess ot births, 30L The bait-yearly meeting-of the Permanent Biding and Investment Society was held at the aoekti's office. Ho. 9, Hindley-atreet, oa Wednesday evening, April 9. Tne chairman of directors (Mr. F. J. Sotting) presided over a fair attendant* of shareholders. Toe balance-sheet was read and adopted. Mr.v 7. Crawford was eketed a director in the place of Mr. Oihams, deceased, and Mr. Cha?. Fair was re-elected. A public achooV picnic, given by the Minister of Education, took place on Che Kensington Oval on Thursday. The scholars attending Che whole of the public schools in the district ot Bast Torrens, numbering about I*soo, were entertained, and the picnic wai a great success. The Hon. P. Later (Speaker of the Victorian House of Assembly), who is on a visit to the colony, was present on the grounds during this afternoon in company with the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray). Mr. Lalor will return to Victoria on Saturday. The f oHowicg is extracted from the general orders issued at the Staff Office on Thursday, April 10:—Captain for Che ensuing week. Captain Solomon; subaltern, Lieutenant W. B. Mitchell. Black trousers will bo worn at all parades from this date. With reference to role 67, "General rules and regulations," for the future Che first absence from parade without leave will be punished as under the old regulations, by a fine equal in amount to the pay that would have been earned by attendance at the parade; but should a man be absent without leave from two consecutive parades, the present rale, whichinflietsa fine ot double the amount ot the pay Chat would have been received, will be enforced for the accond absence. A meeting of Che Operative Masons' and Bricklayers' Association was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, Bundle-street, on Thursday evening, Mr. F. Kindler presiding, for the purpose of appointing delegates to attend the Intercolonial Trades Union Con gress, which is to take place at Melbourne on the 22nd. £3d, 24th, and 25ih instant. Messrs. F. KindUr and R. Phillips were appointed delegates. The following are the subjects to be considered by the congress:—Federation of the colonies and its effect on Che working daises; co-operation; legislation of Che eight hours; amalgamation of trades and labcrunions; Trades Union Legislation BUI; Employers Liability BUI, and Masters and Servants Act Amendment BUI; Factories and Workshops Act Amendment Bill; mml* gration; aad the Chinese question. Owing probably to the general election, tha proposal ot the Marine Board to make Che Coalshed Creek wharf at Port Adelaide suit, able forocean steamers has as yet received no attention at the hands of the Government. The scheme includes Che construction of a urge quantity of piling aad wharf platforms, the erection of large sheds, and the making ef roods and abort railways. In the carrying out of some ot these works thousands ot tons of silt would be required, and in view of Chat fact the Sngineer-in-Chief has suggested to the Marine Board that they should atop takteg sat out to sea, and land it at Coalshed Creek ready for use in Che embankments and roads forming part of the proposed scheme. The board, however, have resolved not to agree to undertake any portion ot Che works until the Government have consented to Che whole of them being carried out. The anniversary services in connection with the Morpbett-atrect Primitive Sunday, tchcol were held on Sunday and Monday last. On Sunday Che morning service was conducted by Mr. T. Hack, Mayor of the Semaphore. In the afternoon he gave an address to the children, at Che close of which several recita tions were given by the children. In the evening the Bey. B. Masterman preached to a crowded congregation. On Monday tea aad public meetings were held. The public meet icg, which was largely attended, was presided over by Mr. W. B. Stephens. Addresses were delivered by Mr. T. Hack, Mr. P. Santo, and Che Bar. E. Masterman. Tne secretary (Mr. A F. Pearson) read the annual report. Boring the evening several redta tieni were giren by the scholars. Toe singing was conducted by the superintendent (M*. J. Styles), and Miss Mastesmaa presided at the A meeting to eondder the bad state of Che main Eastern-road was held at Che Soenio Hotel, Norton** Summit, on Thursday even ing. There was a large attendance ot rate payers, and the Hon. T. Playford presided. The bad condition ot the road was commented upon, and'strictures wen passed on the Central Board of Main Beads for granting ? larger sum of saousf for tbeaulatananoe ot toe Horth-Bastem-road than wu given to the mate Eastern-road. The chairman of OttMtAmni IHjtrlet Council (Mr. Was. Merchant) stated that this year the board had appropriated the sum of £190 par mOe for the North Eastern-road, which was in good condition, whilst only £*> per mile was voted for the main Eastern road, which was in an almost impassable state. The meeting was unanimous with respect to the dangerous condition of the main Eastern road, and a deputation was appointed to wait on the read board to bring the matter under their notice, and to ask that the roads might b? bttter attended to. The deputation will probably interview the members of. the board at their next monthly meeting. An accident occurred at about 1 o'clock on Thursday, by which ? young man named Arthur Barratt received a wound on the back of the head, and it is thought an injury to oce of bis arms. Barratt was driving a grey horse attached to a spider buggy down King William-road. Shortly after passing the site on which the new Parliament Houses axe beicg built the horse gave signs of a wishto increase his speed. As the horse, which is a powerful animal, bounled forward B?rratt jagged his mouth, and appeared to have the mastery of the brute. Taming round by the Government printing office on the read which leads to the locomotive depart* meat of the railway and the wood-yard, the hwee again commenced to canter. This time the driver appeared to have loft all faith in his ability to command tiie fcerse, a* when the decline was fairly entered Barratt threw hb reins away, and springing over the back of the seat jumped out of the trap into the middled the road. When picked np Barratt was found to have sustained a cut on the back of the head, which was bleeding freely, and he also complained of one of bis arms hurting him. Ho was at once removed to the hospital. The runaway horse continued his career for a short time, till as he was trying to turn a corner the trap was capsized and smashed. The fortnightly meeting of the Board of Management of the Adelaide Hospital was held at the hospital on Thursday afternoon, April 10. There won present-Drs. Wyatt (in the chair), Thomas, Clindenlng, and Mayo, the Hon. J. Cotton, M.P., Mr. F. Bssedow, M.P., and Mr.B. H. Hallaek (seem tarj). The Hon. M. Salon, M.L.C, wrote intimating Oat the state of his health would prevent him from attending the board meet. ings for the next four or five months. If considered advisable, he authorised this In timation to be accepted as bis resignation. Ho trusted that at some future date he would be able to resume the duties he had performed with so much pleasure and for ?c many years in connection with the institution. It was resolved that the matter should be consideredat the expira tion of the next six meetings. The secretary reported the receipt of a second contribution ?f £20 from Messrs. Bobinson & Haig. con tractors for the construction of the Nalme and Murray Bridge railway, £10 10*. from Mean. Stilling & Co., and oopies of news papers and magarines from Mr. Q. Bobertsoa ?nd Mr. B. W. Giles. Dr. Gardner called attention to the fecoovenlence whleh the aurgical staff was subjected to in performing operations by the crowding of visitors round the operating table. He suggested that aaeans should be devised for providing suit able sitting accommodation in the operating theatre, which, in hb opinion, would prove jteneficial to the staff and the patients. ThM natter was referred to the honorary medica 1 staff. The house surgeon's report for the week ended April 3 was as follows:—Ad saitted, 51; discharged. 04; died, 4; in hospital, IS4; outpatients prescribed for, 381, of whom 43 were new. Causes of death— Enteric fever, 2; morbos eordis, 1; ovarian cj sterna and pcritoniUr, 1. April 10 being Maundy Thursday, the occasion was observed with great solemnity at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. At 8 a.m. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by His Lordship the Bishop, the Rev. Fathers Hackett and Norton being deacon and sub deaeon respe ctively and the Ven. Archdeacon Basse!!, V G., assistant priest. Toe chair r.odercd Mczut'?7th Mass in an excellent manner. After the maw the holy oils used in the administration of the aacramente were ackmnly blessed by the Bishop, the dtacaos bring the Bey. Fathers Gandolpht aud CDonnelL At the conclusion of the cere mony the "Most Holy Sacrament" was carried in procession to the altar of repose, in the Chapel ot the Sacred Heart, which was beautifully decorated for the occasion. Daring the procession the choir sang the ??Parge Lingua." Amongst the clergy present in the sanctuary were the Ray. Fathers Williams. Eoright Coonan, Jorgen sen. TJnsworth, Haaly, and Herden, &J.; la the afternoon, at3o'?lock, the ceremony of the "Lavanda," or washing of the feet, took place, in commemoration of our Saviour* act of humiliation at Hb bat sapper. Thirteen old men from the Destitute Asylum were chosen for this occasion, and were seated in fit Francis Xavier** Hall. The Bishop, clergy, and acolyte* entered in procession from the Cathedral sacristy, and after the Gospel of the day had been sung by the Bey. J. Norton, the Bishop proceeded to wash the feet of the thirteen old men, each of whoa was presented with a purse containing the Wausdy alms. At the conelueion of the ?? Lavanda" the old men were conducted into ?n ad jolting room, where they were provided with a sobittantial meal, and were waited on by the Bishop and clergy. The ceremonies ?f the day were concluded with the Teuebrae Office, which took place hi the Cathedral at 7 p.m. At a recent meeting held by the Victoria (Philosophies)) Institute, London, a paper was read by the Bey. B. C. Collins, M. A., on Suddhitm in ielation to Christianity. Be fening to the parallels between the persons ?ad characters of Buddha and Jems Christ. he said:—Take as a prominent instance the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The aappowd miraculous eon* **ption; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tukita heaven; the De vas acknowledging bis supremacy; the presentation in the temple, when the images of Indra and other geds threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mara—which legends are em bellished under such phrases at "Conceived by tbs Holy Ghost," "Born of the Virgin Maja," "Song of the heavenly host," "Presentation in the temple and -temptation in the wfldernecs"—none of these is fraud in the early Pali texts. The simple story of a&dent; Buddhism b that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a ntw doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. Then b no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the bands of a god; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrowand ignorance. The accounts cf his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the bliad received sight, the dumb s&Bf;, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are ctitaiiily added by later hands; and if here we recrgnue some rather remarkable like resses in thought or * xpretsion to things familiar to iv in our Bibler, we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the itilutnce, as I have before feinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and perhaps, long subuqaently. This is a point which has been much overlooked; bat it is abundantly evident from among other proofs, the ttory of the god Krishna, which isa mani fest parody of the history of Christ The "Bhagavat- Gita," a tbeosopblcal poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, ecntainiFg many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet, and indicating ?? plainly their origin as do the stories of hb life in the "Make- Bharato; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the "Mab?Bbarata n to tarnish a divine sanction to the " Bhagavat-Gita." If, then, as there b the strongest season to of the Nairn* believe, the Christian story, some There between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the urea"; Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that aver aaw the light in India, can we be surprised if we fin* similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also? A discussion ensued In which Mr. Hormuzi Bissam, Pro fessor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Cole*, an earnest student of the question during twenty-five years' residence in Ceylon, Pro fessor Bhys Davids, and others took part, all agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins's paper. The drama " Back from the Grave" was presented for the hut time at the Theatre Boyal on Thursday evening, and was well re ceived by a fairly numerous audience. The theatre will be dosed this evening, and on Saturday Mr. Darrell takes a benefit. The prizes won at the Licensed Victuallers' plcnio, recently held at Bridegwater, were dis tributed by the president of the Licensed Victuallers' Aatodation (Mr. E. Markey) at the London Inn on Thursday evening. As two of the events were not run off at the plonk, two prizes, a set of cricketing tools and a ?moker*a companion, were left on hand, acd with the consent ot the donors it was decided to offer them as prizes for the highest scorers in the forthcoming cricket match be tween eleven members ot the association and eleven commercial travellers. We have received from the London Condi ment Company (Barnfield, Turner, & Co.) alot of temples of curry, pickles, and sauces, manufactured at their factory at Mayhwds, near Adelaide, and on careful trial have found these articles ot superior quality, most of them being fully equal to the best im ported. While all were good, we would espe cially recommend the tomato sauoe and the mixed pickles. This industry, upon which the London Condiment Company has em barked, b growing, and as all, or nearly all the materials for such luxuries as it offers to the public are produced in the colony there b no reason why it should not attain Urge dimersions. A well-attended meeting of the Semaphore Chess Club was held at the institute on Wed nesday evening, Captain A. Bruce presiding. Mr. F. B. Burton (secretary to the institute) intimated that the committee were willing to allow the club the use of a room for one night a week, which offer was accepted with thanks. The following officers for the year were then elected:—Patron, Mr. D. Bower, M.P.; president Captain J. Bickers; hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr. B. A. Holmes; and committee, Messrs. A. Bruce, F. R. Barton, B. Earl, and E. Govett The rates of subscription were fixed, and Monday evenings appointed for the meetings ot the dub. We have received from Mr. Barnard a well-arranged and carefully-compiled cata logue ot Sir Thomas Elder's racehorses—two* year-olds, yearlingr, and stallions—which will be sold by auction by Messrs. S. Barnard ft Co, in conjunction with Elder's Wool and Produce Company, at the MorphcttviUe Stud Farm, on Tues day, May SOL The frontispiece to the catalogue is a very artistic and litelik* repre sentation of Gang Forward, drawn from life by Herbert J. Woodbouse. Some two dozen pedigrees have been compiled and tabulated by Mr. Elworthy, the ?tud manager, by which buyers can trace the fashionable families from which the stock have their origin. The sale b an important one that should attract purchasers from the neighbor ing colonies. A rehearsal of Weber's mass in G, and Mendelssohn's Forty-second P?alm by the Adelaide Choral Society took place on roura d*y evening in the Town Hall, Mr. W. It- Pybus officiating as conductor and Mr. T. H. Jones as organist. Toe excellent manner in which the soloists and the powerful chorus accomplished their task gave a vary favorable indication of the success which should attend tbs society's opening concert hi the same place this evening. To* Town Hall organ, which has been under going extensive repairs at the bands of Messrs. Fineham ft Hobday, b now in a more perfect condition than it has aver been previously, and will be heard to great ad vantage. There ought to be a crowded at tendance at the concert. The Helen Vivian Dramatic Company have arrived in Adelaide, and will open at Garnet's Theatre on Easter Monday night in "The Woman of the People, or The Curse of Drink." We are informed that every ar rangement has been made with the object of placing this drama, the object ot which b to point out the terrible results of intemperance upon the stage in the most complete manner. Mr. Vivian, who b well-known in Adelaide, especially as the interpreter of the Bey. Mr. Mildman in "Tbs Strategist," has succeeded hi getting an entirely new company of ladies and gentlemen. The whole ot the scenery and effects are quite new, and the drama will be put upon the boards on the sane scale as it was when presented by the Maieroni* and Mr. Bandmann and Miss Beaudet in Mel bourne and Sydney; by Miss Marian Willis in the Temperance Hall, Melbourne; and by the present company at the Gaiety Theatre, Sydney. The eighth rotunda concert of the season, being the second given by the Military Band, was held on the Torrens banks on Taursdey evenioc, April 10. in the presence ot fully C.OOO persons. The weather was in every way favorable, and nothing occurred to mar the success of the concert. The authorities, how ever, were apparently not fully prepared for the inevitable effect of the eclipse of the moon, for no provision was made for the con tequect deprivation of the moonlight, and the large assemblage were compelled to move about for the time being in total darkness. Tbi* matter, however, is only one of detail, ani atd the circumstance alluded todid not greatly detract from the enjoyment of those present. The following programme was effijientiy carried out under the title conductorship of Mr. George Oughton, bandmaster of the military force:—Pas Redouble—"Kreigert Freud*"— Kappey; Overture—" Dichter and Bauer"—Suppe; Quadrille—"La Fille de Madame AB£Ot"—Bacqutt; Suite dcs VaUes —"Gloirede Dijon"—Knos Andrew; Grand Selection—"H Trovatore"—Verdi; Polka Caprice—"TfaeMidshipmito"—Loftier; Vales de Concert—"L'Adieu"—Snelling; Selection —" Martha"-Fiotow; Quadrille—" Covent Garden" — Coote; Galopade —'' Dai die Wttte"—Fauat. Each number was well re ceived, acd the Polka Caprice—"The Mid bbijimiur'— LtMer, was specially successful jo diciticg applause. It it the inteatioa of the Military Band to held every rotunda con cert they may give on Thursday, that being the day formerly devoted to practice. A critktt match will be played between the Ade laide I ?iv?feity and I Zibgari Cricket dabs on the?<nnngt<n Uv&l; today. Ibefallowing pUyen will rrprewDt the University:—T. A. Caterer. ?. M. *tnn. L. W Kvaii. a. J. flail. W. X MirsbiU. DO. S. Howe. J \V. 8k w B. M. Stow, S. M. Turner. B. Wiidei. and J M. Wcod*. *?raer. 