STORIES OF ART AND ART'STS. I Bv C. E. Clmient, in Si. Nicholas.^ (Concluded from last week,) , In 2512, I)urer was first employed by the Emperor Maximilian, whose life was pictured in the great print of the " Triumphal Arch." It is said that this sovereign made Durer a noble ; and . we knew he granted the artist a pension of two hundred dollars a year, which was not always promptly paid. . Durer re lated that, one day, when he was working on a sketch for the emperor, his Majesty tried to make a drawing himself, using a charcoal crayon ; but he had great trouble on account of its breaking, and complained that be could do nothing with it. The artist took the crayon from his hand, saying, ''This: is my sceptre, your Majesty," and then taught the sovereign how to use it. On the death of hia mother Durer wrote a particular account, from which I give aa extract:—'"Now you must know that in the year 1513, on a Tuesday in Cross- week, my poor, unhappy mother, whom I had taken under my charge two years after my father's death,, because she wa3 then quite poor, and who had lived with ma for nine years, wa3 taken deathly !sick on one morning early, so that we had to break open her room; for we krnw not, as she could not get up, what to do. And her custom was to go often to church; and she always punished me when I did not act rightly ; and she always took great cere to keep me and my brothers fro 11 sin; and whether I went in or out, her con stant word was • In the name of Carist'; and with great diligence she constantly gave us holy exhortations, and had great care over our souls." She lived still a year, and the artist wxol e : —" I prayed for her and had such great grier for her that I can never express. And she was sixty-three years old when she died, and I buried her honorably, according to my mesns. And in her death she looked still more lovely than she was in h-r life." Ia 1520 Durer, with his wife ana her maid, Susanna, miide tbo tour of the Netherlands. His principal object in this journey was to see the new emperor, Charles V., and obtain a confirmation of the pension which Max. millisn had granted him, and, if possib1", the appointment of court-painter a'.=o t'ais tour was made when there was great wealth and prosperity all through the Low Countries and Durer's journal was filled with woader at the prosperity and magnificence which he saw. At Antwerp he met Quintiu Ma^sys, of whom we have already spoken, and other Flemish painters, and writes : — "Dn St. Oswald's Day, the painters invited mo to their ball, with my wife and maid; aud everything, there, was of silver and other costly ornamen tation, end extremely costly viands. There were also their wives there ; and when I was con ducted to the table, all the people stood up on each side, as if I had been a great lord, TacvZ Wfre amongst them also many persons pf dis tinction, WuG aii b-iwed low, and in the most tumble manner testified their pleasure at seeiDg me, and they said they would do all in their power to give mo pleasure. And, ai I sat at tabic, there came in the messenger of the Bath of Antwerp, who presented with raa with four tankards of wine in the name of the magistrates; and he said that they dc-sircd to honor me with th:3, and that I should have their good-will. And for aloag time we were very merry together, until quite late in the night; then they accompanied in home with torches in the most honorable manner, and they begged us to accept their good-will, and said they would do whatever I desired that might be of assistance to me. While at Antwerp, Durer met many notable people, and painted some portraits; he also sold many engravings, and all his business matters are recorded in his journal. The Portuguese consul sent a large quantity of sweetmeats and a green parrot to Agnes Durer, and her husband in return presented the consul with several score of engravings. It would be a curious thiDg to know where these prints are now, and we wonder how much the consul then prized what would now be of such great value. He went to Brussels with Tomasin Florianus, and was there entertained with great honors, and was well received by the Begc-nt Margaret, who promised to interest herself in his behalf at the Imperial couf. Of this visit he wrote:—"And I have seen King Charles's house at Brussels, with its '.contains, labyrinth, and park. It gave me the greatest pleasure; and a more delightful thing, and more like a paradise, I have never before seen. At Brussels there is a town hall built of hewn stone, with a splendid transparent tower. I also have been into the Nassau house, which is built in such a costly style and so beautifully ornamented. Aud I saw the two beautiful large rooms, and all the costly things in the house everywhere, and also the great bed in which fifty men might lie; and I have also seen the big stone which fell in a thunderstorm in a field. Also I have sren the thing which ha3 been brought to the King froth tho new Golden Land (Mexico), a sun .'of gold a fathom broad, and a silver moon just as big. JWkewite, two rooms full 'pf armor; likewise, all kinds of arms, harness, and wonderful mis 1 silt s, very strange clothing, hedgear, and all ! kincl of the most wonderful things for nun's use, that are as beautiful to behold as they are wonderful. These things are all so costly that they have been valued at 100,000 gulden. And I have never in all the days of my life seen anything that has so mtich rejoiced my heart as these things. For I have seen among them wonderfully artistic things, and I have wondered at the subtle talents of men in foreign lands," I must make one more quo tation from his journal, which describes a brilliant scene:—"I saw a great procession from Our Lady's Church at Antwerp, when the whole town was assembled, artisans and people of every rank, every one dressed in the most costly manner, according to his station. Every class and every guild had its badge, by which it might be recognised; large and costly tapers were also borne by some of them. There were also long silver trumpets of the old Frankish fashion. There were also many German pipers and drummers, who piped and drummed their loudest. Also I saw in the street, marching in a line in regular order, with certain distances between the goldsmiths, painters, stone masone, embroiderers, sculptors, joiners, carpenters, sailors, fishmongers, and all binds of artisans who are useful in producing the necessaries of life. In the same way there were the shopkeepers and merchants, and their clerks. After these came the marks men, with firelocks, bows, and crossbows; some on horseback and some on foot. After that came the City Guards, and at last a mighty and beautiful throng of different nations and religious orders, superbly cos tumed. and each distinguished from the other very piously. I remarked in this procession a troop of widows who lived by their labor. They all had white linen cloths covering their heads, and reaching down to their feet, very seemly to behold. Behind them I ih-y many bravo persons, &vd; the canons of Our Lady's Church, with all the clergy and bursars. They were brought alorig many waggons, with moving ships, and other things. Then followed the Prophets, all in order; the New Testament, showing the Saluatation of the Angel; the three Holy RiDgs on their camels, and other rare wonders very beautifully arranged, At the last came a great dragon, led by SK Margaret and her maidens, who were very pretty; also St George, with his squire, a very handsome Courlander! Also a grest many boys and girls, dressed in the most costly and orna mental manner, according to the fashion of different countries, rode in the troop, and re presented as many saints. This procession from beginning to end was more than two hours passing by pur house ; and there were so many things that I could never write them all dowD, even in a book, and so I leave alore." It is very curious to note how much the grand processions of two hundred and fifty years ago in Antwerp resembled tho3e we se-: now on great occasions there, Durer went to Aix-la-Chapelle and wit nessed the coronation of the Emperor Charles V., and saw all the relics and the wonders c£ this capital of Charlemagne. He next visitoi Cologne, and at last, in November, he suc ceeded in attaining the object for which first of all he had made his journey, which was the confirmation by the Emperor of the pen aion which Maximilian had granted him ar " his appointment as court painter. He r. turned to Antwerp and made several other excursions, one of which was to Zealt-id, a province of Holland bordering on the North Sea, to see a whale which had been stranded on the coast; but before Durer reached the place the tide had carried the huge creature to sea again. And _. the journal continues to give accounts of sightseeings and pleasuriDgs, interrupted at times by some work at his profession. He also records his expenses, the gifts, too, which he made and those he received, until finally he returned to Nuremburg late in the year 1521\. Two very famous men had died while he was travelling, Martia Luther and Raphael. Durer tried hard to get some draw ings by the great artist, and we do not kuo a whether or not he succeeded. The no*<?3 in his journal at the time of Luther'.?- death j.__ very interest eg, and provo that he had much sympathy with Protestants, although it is believed that he remained a Roman Catholic all his life. He wrote" He was a man en lightened by the Holy Ghost, and a follower of the true Christian faith. He has suffered much for Christ's sake, and because he.has rebuked the unchristian papacy which strives against the freedom of Christ with its heavy burdens of human laws, N6ver were any people so horribly burdened with ordinances aB us poor people by the Romish see. O God, is Luther dead 1 Who will henceforth explain to us so clearly the Holy Gospel ? O all pious Christian men, bewail with me this Cod inspired man, and pray Cod to send us another enlightened teacher." When Durer reached home he found that a great religious change had occurred there, and during the rest of his life he made no more pictures of the Virgin Mary; he made two engravings of St. Christopher bearing the child Jesus safely through the floods, as symbols of his belief that faithful men would carry true Christianity through all troubles and bring it cut triumphant at last. Nuremburg was the first free imperial city of the empire that declared itself Protestant; Durer's friend, Pirkheimer, was one of those whom the Pope excommunicated. It is most fortunate that the change pf religion in this grand old town was made&p;'quijjtly and moderately that there was no destruction of the churches or of the art treasures in which it was so rich. Many of them remain there to this day. Dnrer had ccntracted a disease in Zealand, which seems to have been a sort of low fever; it under mined his health, and never left him for the rest of his life, and on account of this he did much less work than ever before. He paid much attention to the publishing of his writings, and made a few portraits and the grand pictures of the Apostles which I have described to you. One of the results of his foreign tour afforded much entertainment to his friends and to the scholars of Nurem burg; he had brought home a remark able collection of curiosities—all sorts of rare things from various parts of Europe, India, and even from America. He also gave to his Mends many presents that he had brought for them; and his return, with his commission as court- painter, and an enormous amount of curious luggage, made him a person if much consequence in tire Franconian capital. Charles V. spent very little time in Nuremburg, and practically required small service from Durer..- It was not until after Durer's death that the Em prrcr became so fond of having his portrait painted, and then Titian held the posi tion which had been made vacant by Durer's decease. Duror did not become lich, and an extract from a letter which he wrote to the Council of Nurem burg, in 1524, has a sad feeling in it. After explaining that he had jaid by one thousand florins, which he wished the council to take and pay him a comfortable rate of inter, st, he says:—"Your wisdoms know that I h-av8 always been obedient, willing, and diligent in all thing3 done for your wisdoms and for the common state, and for other persons of the Rath (council), aDd that the state has always had my help, arc, and work, when ever they were needed, and that without pay meet rather than for money ; for I can write with truth that, during the thirty years I have baa a house in this town, I have not had five bundled goldens' worth of work from it, and what I have had has been poor an-i mean, and I have not gained the fifth part for it that it was worth; but all that I bava have earned, which God knows has only been by hard toil, has boon from princes, lords, and Ctl-'-r foreign persons, Also, I ha, c expended all my earnings from foreigners in this town, Also, your honors doubtless know that, on account of the many works I had done for him, the late Emperor Maxi milian, of praiseworthy memory, out of his own imperial liberality, granted me an exemption from the rates and taxes of this town, which, however, I voluntarily gave up, when I was spoken to about it by the Elders of the Rath, in order to show honor to my lords, and to maintain their favor and up hold their customs and justice, Nineteen years ago the Doge of Venice wrote to ma offering me 200 ducats a year if I would live in that city. More lately the Rath of Ant werp, while I remained in the Low Countries, also made me an offer, 300 florins of Phillippe a y ear and a fair mansion to live in. la bo ;h places all that I did for the Government would have been paid over and abovo the pension. All of which, out of my love for my honorable and wise lords, for this town, and for my fatherland, I refused, and chose rather to live simply, near your wisdoms, than to be rich and great in any other place. It is, therefore, my dutiful request to your lordships, that you will take alt these things into your favorable consideration, and accept these thousand florins, and grant me a yearly interest upon them of fifty florins, so that I Bnd my wife, who are daily growing old, weak, and incapable, may have a moierate provision against want. And I will ever do my utmost to deserve your noble wisdoms' favor and approbation, as heretofore." The council granted bis request; but after hia death they reduced the interest to forty florins a year, although in 1526 Durer had presented to them his spleadid panels of the Apcst-lee. This meanness in money matters toward the great artist almost reconciles us to the fact that these pictures were taken away to Munich. Durer (bed suddenly at la9t, on the 6th of April, 352S, exactly eight years from the day on which Raphael had died. He was biried in the churchyard of St. John, beyond the walls, in the lot of his father-in law, Han3 Frey. This churchyard is of great interest; the aristocrats of Nuremburg have been buried there during many years- It has thirty-five hundred grave- stones, all of which are aura bsred ; end nearly a'l are decorated with coata of arms and such devices as shov the iutp-jr-. tante of those buried here. Dumb monument bears this simple inscription, witter- by his fiimd Pirkhtimtr ; Me. A). Du. Q tkq-iid Alberti Dureri Mortale Fait, sub hoc coa diturtnmnlo. EmigravitVIIL IdusAprilis MDXXVIII. A.D." Which may be trans latcd:—11 In memory of Albert Durer. What ever was mortal of Albert Durer is laid under this stone. He departed the eight day before the Ides of April, in the year of our Ljrd 152S " It is said that Raphael, when he had studied Durer's engravings, exclaimed, "Of a truth this man would have surpassed us all if he had had the masterpieces of art con stantly before his eyes as we have." And John Andreas wrote of him:—"It is very surprising, in regard to that man, that in a rude and barbarous age he was the first of the Germans who not only arrived at an exact imitation of nature, but has likewise left no second; being so absolutely a master of itin all its parts, in etching, engraving, statuary, archi tecture, optics, symmetry, and the rest—that he had no equal except Michael Angelo Buonarotti, his contemporary and rival; and he left behind him such works as were too much for the life of one man." On Easter Sunday in 1828, three hundred years after his death, there was a tribute paid to his memory, and a great procession of artists and scholars from all parts of Germany was formed in Nuremburg, and moved out to the churchyard of St. John, where they sang such hymns above the grave of the artist as he loved to hear in his life. There can be nothing more appropriate with which to close our study of Albert . Durer than the poem of our own poet, Longfellow: In the valley of the Pegnifz, where across broad meadow-lands Bise the bine Franconian mount lins, Nuremburg, the ancient, stands. Quaint old town of toil and traffic, quaint old town of art and song, Memories haunt thy pointed gables, like the rooks that round tbem throng : Memories of the middle ages, when the emperors, rough and hold, Had their dwelling in thj castle, time-defying, cen turies old; And thy brave and thrifty burghers boasted, in their uncouth rhyme, That their great imperial city stretched its hand through every clime. In the courtyard of the castle, bound with many an iron band, Stands the mighty linden planted by Queen Chnigunde'a hand; On the square th'e oriel window, where in old heroic dajs Sat the poet Melch'or singing Kaiser Maximilian's praise. Everywhere I see around me rise tbe wondrous world of Art.; Fonntains wrought with richest rculptura standing in tbe common mart; And above cathedral doorivays saints and bishops carved in stone, By a former age commissioned as apostles to oar own. In the church of sainted Sebald sleeps enshrined his holy dust, And In bronze the Twelve Apostles guard from age to age their trust: In the church of sainted Lawrence stands a p:x of sculpture rare, Like the foamy shea* of fountains rising through the painted air. Hfre, when Art was still religion, with a simple reverent heart, Lived and labored Albrecbt Purer, the Evangelist of Art; Htcce in silence and in sorrow, toiling still with busy band, , Like an emigrant he wandered, seeking for the Better Land. Emigravit is the inscription on the tombstone where he lies; Dead he is not. but departed—for the artist never dies. 