THE WORKING MAN—HIS PLACE AND POWER. [B y T alus.] Lv my many' letters and other articles which have appeared from lime t i time in the AVrrtf, 3 have had but one object in view—the political enfranchisement and social elevation of the working man. My daily intercourse with him, my personal knowledge of.the circumstances in which lie is placed, the difficulties .with which he lias to contend, the hardships he has to endure, and the temptations to which he is exposed, avo nil so familiar to mo, that I feel, as no one seems to specially write in liis behalf, it would be iniquitous in me <svarc I not to use the little ability ivilh which I have been favoured by nature and improved by art to advocate liis interests, believing as I sincerely do that tlio real happiness and permanent prosperity of any country must have its foundation in bis welfare. I can plainly sec that human society' throughout the whole world is in a transition stale that—to use an expression that may be objectionable to sonic— between tlio mere wealthy scum that rises to (he surface, and the antique and heavy respectability associated with old names, which sinks, like sediment, to the bottom of the vast human fermenting tub, there will remain a hnppy mean of mental and moral worth, a blending of interests which will recognise the rights and duties of labour, ns well ns the place nd power of wealth, so that, although there may not be perfect social equality1 and fraternity, there will be a feeling of brotherhood among men nnd a. common fatherhood in God, that the words, Our Father” nf our Master's prayer, ill have a fuller and wider meaning than Christendom has given to them during the past eighteen centuries, and a truly' golden age will rule the earth. Believing in the possibility of this, J intend to do what Hide T can towards such consummation, and to its attainment I shall most religiously consecrate the ! efforts of my pen, and the few spare hours of my liTe. From wlml I can see of the native-born Tusmnnians, they have such peculiar notions of the lights and privileges of the working man ; or, perps, more correctly, they have in notions t all, thill 1 rxprei no small difficulty to create in them a lively interest in those matters of a vital character which peculiarly affect their political well-being. Yet J ought not to despair—nnd neither shall — for the remembrance of the hard ghting which a relative of mine ami a few other brave souls had in a sister colony to abolish State aid to religion, then lo obtain an electoral Parliament, vote by baifol, and manhood suffrage, against the obstinate resistance of wealth and the almost equal obslruclivcncss of the indifforcncej'of the working classes, nerves me for the contest. I think that Tasmania is in no worse sLnlc respecting public opinion, on some of these subjects, that was South A tralia some 35 years ago. But in that country what a grand political reformation resulted from the efforts of n cor parativoly' few dear-headed, far-sceiii^. resolute men. To the Rev. T. Q. Stow, David Wylie, M.A., Mr Wittridge (ai obscure country schoolmaster, afterward editor of the Jte'/istcr); Edward Stephens, manager of the Bank of South Australia; Mr Milford, a scion of an English noble house, Imt >vho thought it no disgrace to drive bullocks for a living, John Henry Barrow (the founder of tlio Jilrcrtim r), Anthony 'oster, Rev. John Gardner, R. Jt. Torrens, and others who either initiated, or helped to dcvclope a constitution, many of whose salient features or leading principles tho other colonies, and even the British House of Commons, have not been slou* adopt. When I think of what was done by them, I feel that there is hope for Tasmania. There must he capable men in our midst who will yet come to the front, and help to raise her to her true position. H lias been objected that it is wrong for a few persons to agitate for reform when the masses do not nsk for them. Not more wrong nor unreasonable than for preachers to urge upon the people the acceptance of salvation before tho peopio request it themselves, or for a life assurance agent to ply liis ealliug before the people invite him come among them ; or for a teacher communicate knou'ledge lo unwilling pupils. ] f l sincerely believe, and uni ble to show, that it is both just and easonable that the people should enjoy anhood suffrage, it is my duty to use ail souablcand lawful means lo secure that vilego for them. If J withhold my iand from relieving the oppressed ; if I ilfully close my eyes to the existence of n approaching evil which I know Mill urse my fellow man ; if J hold the posiion of ft watchman on. the political ramarts of my country, and I raise no alarm at the coining of iny country's foo, I nm unworthy of my citizenship, [undeserving the noble name of man, and ought to die like n dog and receive the buriul of an ss. I do not hesitate to tell my fellow toilers Unit next to a knowledge of the spiritual government of God*-nhieb men call religion, because of its binding nature, and a perfect loyally to that Government—a knowledge of the force and functions of polities is imperative, even from n sacred standpoint. I have neither tbe desire nor intention to discuss the former—I’leave that for tho priest, par- , and preacher—but 3 do claim that if our bodies are tho temples of the Holy Ghost, and, ns such, are not to be defiled with impunity ; nnd, if it is necessary (hut our social relations should be controlled by human expedients, which are supplementary to the laws of God, we should see thut those supplementary tters are not antagonistic lo what are divine, nor repugnant to the revealed jurisdiction of heaven. I cannot understand how lie can be a true Christian who, w*hilo he streiiusly resists n spiritual and unseen devil, complacently, " as in duty bouud," submits without a murmur to the greed, avarice, nnd oppression uilli which two-legged human devils are pleased to obstruct his life, and tbe political, social, and domestic happiness of his being. If we submit to a human agislracy, it is because ivc understand it to he god-like iu its partiality. If we submit to the powers that be,” it is because they rule in righteousness, nnd, iu rendering to I Cossnr the things which arc O sa r X we ’ must * remember . .that . tlio ~ Ciesars of .. Christian empire nnd a Christian age are widely different from Him of m Iiohi our Master spoke. The bond of social union universal loyalty is found in this, and this only, "Do unto others ns ye would that they should do unto you.” To the Menlthy in rclutiou to the poor, the master and servant, tho landlord and tenant, the legislator and - elector, the ruler and the subject, I Mould say, before you decide upon a particular courac of action, 44 Put yourself in liis place, and think how would such conduct affect yon,” There is a public opinion abroad in the world of labour and toil Mhiuh has not yet gained expression. There is a nemesis which follows in the footsteps of general oppression and individual M-rong, that, 44 though hnnd join in hand, (lie wicked shall not go unpunished.” An eternity of prayer, penitence, and tears Mill never wash out the remembrance of tho political and social M rougs which the feu- in pou*er have inflicted for generations on the working man. In the desk of the Duke of Albany n paper was found, with these words on i t : —441 wish to be buried in St. George's Chapel, where I was so happily married, and whore I shall nhvnys have beautiful music played over me." There are two paintings b.v Mr John PaicrronalprcscnlonYiewiu MrFk teller's grilJcry, Collins street, Melbourne, which will richly repay a visit. Both nrc examples of Australian scenery, andarecxeeulcdinn style which stamps the artist at once as possessed of great and sterling merit. 