THE HEW ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF BALLARAT. CONSECRATION CEREMONY AT ST. PATRICKS CATHEDRAL Some 15 months ago the Roman Catholics resident in this diocese and throughout the colony generally mourned the death of a re spected prelate, Dr O'Connor, first bishop of Ballarat. Dr O'Connor, when alive, war held in high esteem not only by his own people, but by all those Protestant citizens with whom be came into contact. Ho was, in short, a gentleman, a scholar, and a pulpit orator of no mean order. Therefore bis demise, after a lingering illness, was the cause of profound regret, and his loss was not more keenly felt by anyone tb*n by his vicar-general, Moo signor Moore, D.D. When Bishop O’Connor's remains bad been placed in the tomb with the customary requiem ceremony, who was to be the probable successor of the late pre late was a question which presented itself to the minds of the Roman Catholics of the diocese. The name* of aeveral clerical gentle men of high standing in the church were men tioned, but the opinion was almost general that Moofilgnir Moore would he the next wearer of the mitre in the diocese. It was known that be was held in high esteem at the Papal Court at Rom-, and that the lite bishop, when at tin Vatic in between two and three years ago, informed the Pope of the very substantial service which Dr Moore h*d rendered to the church and to the cause of education in the diocese of BalUrat, and, *a« n recognition of purß-versnc** and devotion to the Roman Catholic faith and interests, the ■vicar-general was honoured with the title of Monsigoor, which classed the possessor of the honour as a domestic prelate of the Pope’s household. The announcement of the appoint ment of Monstgnor Moore as successor t*» the late Bishop Connor was hailed with satisfac tion by the clergy and the Roman Catholic* of the diocese; and tinny persons belonging lo other denomination*, with whom the right rev. gentleman was acqu doted, also expressed their pleasure upon hearing the news of his promo- in bis church. Immediately i-fter the receipt of the Papa] boll, or official document, from the Vatican, ceitfyiog to the appoint ment of the Monsignor as Bishop of Ballarat, and containing the charge usually given to a prelate by the Pope and his council, prepara** tions were commenced for the consecration ceremony. The church committee, under the Able supervision of th* R-v M. Mi ado, Mr D. Brophy, J P„ an d Mr J. J FUzgemld, J.P., commenced to nuke the necessary arrangements, in a style worthy of ihe important occasion. It was decided to t4ke advantage of (hs oppor tunity by making a small charge for admission to the consecration service in order to sum to liquidate the whole or a portion of the debt on the Redan schools. But. compli mentary tickets were forwarded to many lead ing Protestant and Jewish citiz-ne, nearly all of whom accepted the invitations to he present St the installation. This ceremony , took, place yesterday, and was attended by ev r? thing that was impressive and appropriate. The pro ceedings were opened punctually at 10 o’clock; . Bong before this hour, however, crowds'of persons might have been, seen .wending their Way towards the cathedral. Among the numr ber were many residents of rqral districts, aged jjen and women,,-add jreople qfypoqger years. *h® grey-haired bid gentlebiap/wbo could not' have been leaf than . 90’ years. wHs heard to say at the entrance to -the cathedral the appearance, of' the : in/erlpr of the;church eclipsed everythiDg' thftt be" seen in' Great Britain and . America, '.eye'b to the preparations nude for Jhe ;retnro of : Father' Matthew, the Apb*tle -of* Temperance, - to Thomaetown and Kilfcacle. AtlOo'clock * v 8 Messrs Brophy, Fitzgeraldj/FiTzpatnck, and a number of other geotUmen.ei cor ted the.viait “g ladles'and gentlemen to their seats.' In the congregatiob we noiiced the -Mayor of the City (Mr J. Hickman, J P.}, the ex- Mayor (Mr Clerk;: Or?»Btvtnson/fnntrS and ter/MtAAuder-v courts),‘MtW. 'M^jAcheao^^M^Julm , : Duffy]! -i\£^6r r G'r f QrMqT.IoD; *J P.j^Dr 1 Usher; Dr'M Whelarr,^.Mf'-BwzdaorV :^ ’’Mr -W. H. Ardher.?pr Br6\vnl«Ba(Cb«nca ! lorof .N; 'F.tzgera!d, Mr ' 1). 1 Madden, Mr’; Felix C »ptMU TJ ’Mann, SapeHnten’dept -RyaU;(**bo uniform), SabuuapWtor Parkinson'. M^ v ‘JoHtr Har ly/ Mr Jatnea O.itckiy. Hnn*''k/nambor,p ‘prominent * citiz-nW Precisely 'at* 10^o'clockthejoa eg of tHe'orgVn were heardin■j/sacred'airland thea'nbout *4O *cbly tes, Vhite and car-: dinal and 'white gloves, marched two dseb from the sacristy idtq Ihe church ! to, the foot of the large altar/ Th°y i were*pHceded \by and a: cl-rgymao carrying'a large gbld croia.aiid were' followed '•by. the v vUVtiog: prelates and. priests bolooglng/tblhe dioceaea of Ballarat, Mel bourne]*- Sydney fc r Adelaide.’ /The. pre lates' oresen t^/werp:-Archbi- 1 hop Qoqld/ s of ■Melbpuin>;-The R : ght’ Riv J)r Murphy,Jbf Hobart’; Right Rev Dr Murray; o! Maitland; 'Right Rev Dr Raynblds, . of *>RTgbt‘ Re/ DrLhigftD,ofQmlburb;aad R : Ur Tbrregianf,"yf Anhidile. Am-'ng; the clergy who took part in the c«rem“it»y were the" fol lowing :~Dean ‘ Dqnaqhy, St Patrick's,'Mel-, bourne; Dr Corbett,",St Ki/da; Dean Ragland,’ Hotbam; Rev p'Conuell/ Carlton; DrDavey] BtnAlli; : Revs’ M; Meadpi"‘Gerald:’Doyle, 1 Murphy, J, Meade,TsalUrat proper;.!&'Meade,' Ararat; Shanahan, Q*DJDoline.Pdrijaud; J.Hoyne.,Hamil ton; Herbert, Mortlake; r : Marshall, ,Caatertpn; O’Farrell, v . Horsham; Hogan, - Inglewood; Collier,’ Maryborough; ’Neylahi' Colac/D *anj Bechenoir/ Launceston;Sullivan', 'Adelaide; Corcoran;* Smytbea'dale; Scanlao, Sc Arnaud; O'Neil, Bdlarat;' and % a : number; of other prleeti. A procession was .next : formed; and proceeded down the xentral aisle of the church,- the broasbearer, with attendant acolytes, lead* ing the way. The line went just m»m entrance door and then ’ returned to the church, the organ playing' the while; the procession was approaching the railings; three ’gon lemen (Dr Brownlest; Chancellor 6f-' the Melb >aroa''tTnivarsity/~Mr WrH;* Archer, and the Hon, N.. stepped forward aud toofc'po'sitioris in front of the large ‘altar; which they kept throughout the ceremony. Each uf the three gentletoen“TiamM“di3plnyt!d Papal deco* rations of Knights 'of -the Order of S', Gregory, Dr Browbless wore a gold sward and other ibsiguit; . and on tho breasts * of Messrs'Archer and Pi’zgerald were to be seen tokens of tho Pope's regard for their services in aid of tin furtherance of the cause of religion. The Mass now began. As previously announced, Haydn's'sth M*ss was the one selected for the occasion, and the highly creditable manner in which it was ren dered was such as to reflect great credit on the energetic and able conductor. Mr R Wrigley, The choir, which bad been considerably aug mented, numbered with the orchestra fully 75 performers. The composition in question is comparative’? unknown; its difficult fugues and somewhat exacting regiaterdemanding both fine and fairly trailed eoloiatsand chorus singers for its effective rendition. These requirements were fairly Well met, and in view <>f tho excellent materinl at the disposal of the Catholic choirs in tbeoloniee we think it a pity that the rich stores of mass music left behind by Haydn are not more frequently resorted to iu preference to those of more modern masters, which, how ever melodious, have not that ecclesiastical character pertaining to the services of the Citbolic Church on festive Decisions. We have not space to enter Into,, a critical analysis of this beautiful work, but may state that the general effect was greatly by the very efficient rendering, for the first time in the Australian colonies, of the orchestral accompaniments, under the able leadership of Herr Bruno. The tenor solo, “Christa Eleison/’to A minor, sung by Mr J. W. Barton, was admirably ren dered; indeed, we never remember having beard bis fine voice to greater advantage. The Gloria opens with all the voices in unison, supported by the fall strength, of the orchesta* and organ. It is a joyous movement in 3 4 time, and was very effectively, rendered throughout. An alto solo In the “Qui Tollis,” “Suscipe dspre - cationem nostrum," was most pathetically sung by Mrs Furlong, the effect of the inter* jectional cadences with which it is interspersed being most impressive. The soprano solo, “ Qiooiam tu solus," with string and flute accompaniment, which is a beautifully fl sw ing melody, bat somewhat florid wrhri, was very ably rendered by Miss Murphy. “Cam Sancfco Spiritu" opens with a short largo movement', introducing a very difficult fugue with a bass lead, followed by the tenors, altos, and sopranos. This is per haps one of thejnjst beautiful and effective, as it osrfcainly 'is one of the most difficult fugues known iu mass music, and the precision with which it was rendered wes very marked. * C'«do in Unum Deum" is one of tha most striking portions of the mass, and stamps it as the work of a master hand. Opening with a massive chorus admirably adapted to the words, a thrilling effect la produced from time to tima by the repetition as a soprano solo of the opening phrase, “ Credo in imam Deum." The solo parts iu question were sung with admirable judgment by Mmp Fanny Carden. The “Efc Xocaroat is," in C minor, opens with a tenor solo, preceded by a plaintive recitative, with string accompani men**, of great beauty. The recitative and solo were sang by Mr S. Wrigley with faultless a remark which applies with equal justice to the renderiug by Mrs Furlong and Mr P. Cazaly of the “ Crncifizus,” wbicb succeeded it, and which has been dealt with by the composer in a duet of great beauty and origi nality for an alto and bass voice. The "Et Ressoresic" commences in a jubilant and exult ant strain, somewhat similar to the “Gloria," serving to iot'odnee two short tenor solos, which were very carefully and inteMgently given by Mr Biddle, aUo a soprano solo very nicely sung by Mias Cardeu. “Et Vitam Venturi,” with which the “Credo” conclude*, is another masterly fugue, the correct render ing of which was specially nottceab'e. Toe Sanctus teada off with a baas solo, and is sncc a eded by a quartette and-chorus the prin cipals in wbicb were Mi<s Crowly, Mrs Furlong, Mr F. Walton, and Mr Biddln. The "Dona Nobi«," another grand fugue with tenor and bass lead, wbicb concludes the mass, was rendered with that accuracy of time and atcentiou to expression which were characteristic of the production of (be work throughout. During the offertory Winter's well known and plaintive trio, “O Jesu," for soprano, alto, and tenor was sung by Miss Murphy, MreFiirlong. and Mr Stephen Wrigley, The string and flute accompaniments were ar ranged for the occasion by Mr T. Lsmble, and added greatly to the effect of what we are disposed to tbiok was, perhaps, the most finished effort . of the entire service. Romberg’s “Te Deum," performed for the first time in the Australian colonies, was given with full orchestral accompaniment, and is, perhaps, the grandest one ever written. “In Te Dumtne” is a highly effective fugue movement, reminding us of “The Heavens afe telling.” ' We may not enter into details of this striking production, but cannot refrain from expressing the pleasure afforded us by Mrs D Madden's finished rendering of “Te Ergo Quessimus,” with accompaniment f-r strings and flutes. To Mr Wrigley, whose efforts to improve the musical services of bis church are deserving of all praise, the success achieved' by his choir yesterday must be a source of great gratification. If we are not mistaken tbeauthor of the "Creation” and the“SeaßODs” is also the author of more grand masses than Mozart and Beethoven put together, yet out of a series of 17, we believe we are correct in saying that not more than six 'have ever been produced iu Victoria; We leirn that it !• 'the intention of Mr Wrigley shortly to introduce Haydn's No. 6. Accompanying the organ was an orchestra) hand, composed as follow:—First violin*, Messrs Braun, and Hollander; second violins,' Messrs Quda and Vince; .double bass, - Mr West; flutes,* Messrs West, juo. # end Oliver; viola, Mr ' G**ff; cornets, 'Messrs Profit 'and Beckman; horn, Mr TowL It will.thus be seen that the accompaniment was exceedingly strong, nod possessed, good latent. The Mass opened with the * “-Kyrie Eleison," which .preeded other parts of Hadyb’s most stirring and beautiful composition. -The ceremony of ; cbn? seoration was . commenced; shortly- after tbe opening of v the proceedings/-The visiting bishbpVattired in foil canonicals, assembled at .tbel foot of;the-mun altar,^having-in:their midat the Bikbpp-elect l and. attendant'clergy* men.^\ .JVario.ua ;religious?/iorroß;;were!vgo»e through, and then'Bishop Miirphr^ 1 of'Hu’oart; introduced Mohrignor Mo6re t ~D D.'j for”c6pir* :oration at the habds .of Arobbisbop' Qoold;- The Tenerable Archbishop. wbo has quiia rer covered frbm hisVevßre illupsv'sat apDn a kind of throne' raised the floor : of -the altar, and tbo customiry questions were, put : by him to tHe ? prelate * about to bi ‘ and subsequently the bull;nf : ‘L 3 b l!was read to the assemblage bishop* Vnor to' this] .however^the new bishop made_the c ybwt of Papal thro he, ''and_9 l Herwise i complied with fbrm.^ c A(ter*the coDsecratiou the ohoir.contimied the vocal ser< :vice.^ : ‘Bishbb wis-.e»onrted to. the sidAbf the : beotre where ;Ke;.ch%nged hiy puttiog worn eatljr: silver V/icoloored:/. fipper purple- :'Bob^ o overall composed of real -la:a, '-with < mitre, to f tnafch.’ ; - The oanonioals w«ue -beipaoglisd with'.tiby-ornameots ofivaried ;Uties... BUhqp •Moore, as he proceeded; to his throne—the one on which Bishop •O’Cuunor often* B«t—looked ca : prelate"in' every respset;*! When asAted,.Qas, of the 'assisting bisUopslhandedihim* bib crook; and- the• new-bishop remiiaed.io the .chair-foe -the -space/of -'a.few-;ro!aut9B;T- He then, de 'soendedj'And^joiaed'withy the-’ other prelates : ia-ythe‘obntjnuation’of'th9'Corflraony,: I,Alt<j gether thecelebrafon waabfa character, and one thavw’is witnessed by nearly eveiy’oiie : - ' ; preaent : - <, for r .-theh,' • first' ;-time; Dean Donaghy was master of ytho'yMass sheerer monies;' Just’befbre thelcbncldsiob of the* prbr oeedings, the ne : w bi*hbp; accompanied by two of * tbe officlating prelates, and followed by another .procession,'"again':marched down the'e-ntra-pf the as far: as the entranos door.jthefi up the northern aisle; the wiog.which coutaiositha vault^whieb'.contains; the remains of .tbe late Bishop O'Connor, and then; up to altarß. - The ceremony here conblud-d. vßiihop Moore again aßcendpd'his (hruue, the visiting bishops-and prleits came.forward and sat near * the* raiUogs, ' in order/ to/ hear. the/ Riy. ;T) Cibill, S.J., proach tha .consecration sermon; Bishop Moore, it may.iie added, is a native of the county Kerry,* Ireland, vand-; was trained; forAhe priesthood at-All- Hvl (Calleg«i He has been; as is'/well kna.v . :y y.)-t. * i -Ballarat;''<yHe''oVme-.tpi..Uuv' 1 ~-Vict ■] \ e 'Ji Shiele' lime, aud ever since he has beeo;actively ideutified with his ohurch' and people.: Dr Moore has been presented by some of the jeady ing members -of^'bis-flock'-withu: a handaomo pair of igrey.'horses; 17 hands high, and .valued at 168 guineas.- The following'are the uames of the clergymen who will serve .under the pew bishop -in Ballarat:— John .Mead©; ‘ Rev/ J.. Rogers,%tha Rev. S.-Doyle, the R*t. Murphy, and the Reva. J.' Meada aud Rogers are well-known for their pnlpltr eloquence and high class talents! ’lt. •: is * not V yet *. known :who r-will, } . bq the new. ' vicar-general; .St..; Patricks Citbedral ye'-tirday bad floral and .other.d** corations of an appropriate *desc> iption. Qrer the big altar there were two scrolls of.cardinal; displaying the words In evergreens, , " Qaudele in hac. dit]~ /(“ Rejoice ye this day")./. Along the front of the railings appeared, in letters :formed of green leaves,-“Deo Qraliat." Tue front’of the organ loft was al*o nicely decorated. The bishop's throne has been re-covered with cardinal velvet, and anew 'dime-shape! canopy,'with a cross on top, has been erected! Yesterday the pulpit looked well in its car dinal casing and canopy with cross. The consecration sermon was, as stated, preached by the Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., of St. Patrick's College. The rev.:preacUer to;>k as bis text the Psalm, “The good Shepherd lovetb His sheep; the good Shepheid giveth ‘His life for His sheep," Who that had faith in the greatness, in the goodness, aud in the divinity of Jesus Christ, con’d fail to see the fitness and the beauty of the figure of the good Shepherd under which Carist presents himself, showing unceasing watchfulness, the liveliest interest in the welfare of His flock? Who could mimoderataod that figurt? There were tim*s when such figures and Images shed copious light on the intellect, awakening an intense love in the heut of him who knows Jesus Christ. At such times it seemed to him that be feels the presence of bis Redeemer, and the imposing glance of His divine and-watchful .eye; that be drinks in the words that fell from His divine Ups; that be counts the tbrobbings of His sacred heart. Was not the present such a time ? Did not they feel that Jesus Christ was there ? During the whole ceremony at which they bad just assisted, did it not seem that tbey bad heard fall again from the lips of the Redeemer the words He had.spoken in Galilee, “ Go teach all nations? * or those otbrr words, “ On this rock I build my church, and the gates of bell shall aot prevail against it V * How did that sacred cetemony recall them again to the centre of 'Catholic unity—CA.ry them back to the Apos tolic times, to the days of their Redeemer. When they beheld such cere monies iu the H.dy Catholic Church, did thiy not feel their hearts glow with the fervour of gratitude to Him who took care of this flock, subject to the one shepherd He bad ap pointed to govern them? v He was assured thu He was iu their midst to- day—He who was the first and invisible author of tha good which those who represent Him bad dune in His -name: The preacher. referred to the similarity between the present occasion and that when Timothy and Titus accepted from St. Paul the episcopal dignity of office. The Holy Ghost did come down, and did in truth enter into that soul, s'guing it in the same iu* delible mark—the same episcopal char acter He eigued in th* beginning the souls of the apostles. The promises of C-irist cannot fail, and the Redeemer was in their mind ns truly as he was in toe mind* of the Apostles, and it was in His name and His authority the act was done He acted through His vicar on earth, L a o XIII. If it was asked why He did not act in this 19th century as He did in the first, the answer would be “Because He was their shepherd, and they His sheep.” Hence because He loved them He placed over them another shepherd to govern them in His name, to the plenitude of His spirit, He had sent them a pastor according to His own heart—a mm filled with burning ardor fur his m q B*er*a glory and their ealvation. They had known him for years and hence could realise his worth. The testimony of the good works spread over 26 years assured them that he would worthily represent Jesus Christ and would in truth be a good shepherd. He shrank from the dignity that was offered’ to him, and would have implored that another be chosen in bis stead, were he not compelled to listen to the voice of those who knew his per* sooal worth and his abiliry to control the affairs of the diocese. On this day be gave to them—like the G »od Shepherd—bis life, for his life henceforward every day and every hour would be devoted to their eeivice, and he was prepared to give his life, if necessary, in the more perfect and liberal sense of the words of the Redeemer, “ The Good Shepherd loveth His sheep; the Good Shepherd givstb His life fnr His ebeep.” He (the preacher) dared, not in Bishop Moore's presence speak at length of bis merits and bis good works It was his (the rev. gentleman's) privilege over a year ago to speak «f the good merits and works of tbs bishop's predecessor, and when the graveclosm over the remains of the chief pastor wo might say much we could not while be lived without inflicting a wound. But let thorn turn their thoughts to that venerable body of men, the .Catholic episcopate, who govern the church with all subjection to the will of Jesus Christ. The consideration of the Catholic episcopate, ita privileges, of its duties and dignity, must . fill ua with the deepest respect and veneration for those who are invested with that sacred character. For its origin, its duties, its act 4 and privileges, he looked at It as it had manifested itself in.tim-s past ever from the beginning It came direct .from God, and. this was its first title to veneration. It was established to the end of representing Jesus Christ, and to guard with the utmost fidelity the repository of faith received in the beginning, and maintain that unity in the Catholic Church which ;was h»r greatest glory. .History rendered to it its tes timony. .Itsaction had been salutary, and it promoted real progress, and civilisation in every age. . It hid been rendered illustrious by many men who shed lustre on it by (heir sanctity and learning. In. considering the Catholic episcopate, ' he considered it as it was In the beginning,and was now, for it .died not; it lives on, as ages succeed each other, unlimited to time and place. Such was the beautiful idea of St. Cyprian, a bishop of the. third, century—“ V7e. bishops ought, to he of one mind to defend the unity of the church." Whence came the Catholic epie cop«tV—-who-was its author, - who was (be author- of that constitution of the church ? ' fle answered—Jems Christ. ■■ That constitution was the-best to maintain unity of government, discipline, and fai:h. The c institution was not the result of the'eonrideratiops of wire and prudent men, added to the experience of piafc ages,'nor the. result, of. a victory, gained by •one'of two contending parties nor a compromise -between parties at discord. These; ;jpvere reasons'- they 1 sought Id matters affecting 1 human r*kingdoms, ; in;lho riaß and/progreas of Athens/ Rome, or Sparta.. 'But here they fouod nothiog buman save’the stitutlon comer'direct {rom ; reiult'of His direct and immediate action. The preacher ’then referred to \the perpetuation of the mis einb uf tbe Appstlesi wbich gnaranteed by T lbe Redeemer’ to ' them and .their* '“ Go add tench all- nations.” : Hia wbrk' cauld (not" change; ' T 'His■/ church J was .fixediWupon •V-' ' therefore,* It ‘ was " that (Tbfis It was' that God that';thi?re waßnothi6g-hanwn/ahd-'Divino‘prorideqoe 1 gaaranteed permaneboe' even . tothe *, las trday. 'They ;Jonndv thef 1 glory*and repregentiDgJeßuaChrisVaDdoftransmittiDg to'futur© generations;; the’>epositbry v: of-* faith.' ■ indst solemn datiej.of the* • “had-;^*^rare..-, opportunity’ ’■ofi'ieisrcmog! iPDMMBei r cailed ’v passive -infalli-; ■*£ tfaat.i*, the! spirited good so„watche«: lOver.ihe’church, •; that'-she never commtts-an ' error ou a point of. faith;- One may interpret ! «omd' passage,, sd' that someone may err, but | never ‘prevail v throughout 'the "Whole y !churoh. ;> Now, the-sovereign pontiff, 'acting in strict ’•.'conformity *' to X the . Holy. ’Catholic CuirobV interrogated-them etronglyXon the .immaculate conception of the- Holy Virgin,-and- aU:-!iwjfclr upo : to : c? gave .the required answer, and • he thus learnedfrom |:this universal ■ testimony that theotrnlh' Was contained in the repository of-faitb:\ Thus did they guard it and -their t j alimmy was of 'the value to the church. ; The rov.-gentle m*n‘ dwelt' at length on the. proceedings ’of the •dSsumentaal Council, at which 4 one '-point 'of faith was disowned. long and warmly, and when ; the * decision came,‘.;ic was received with enthusiasm throughout the Citholio.i Church; the.spirit of was id thitcMiocil. - A small number of misguided men refused to accept that'decision,; and en* deivonrid to ; create-a ’schism in -the church, .and how :miserably' they.' failed ! 0 And..lhe fiilureof that .effort placed lathe most favour able Ight the .unity which *existed Tin the Catholic Churchy which rendered differences* in matters uf-.faifch impossible. -‘History,- Jeo, gave. k its.testimony Jn favour.-of k ;it—history in its true sense, thebietory-of earnest.aod devout not; thatChistory which, to r quote a d.is* t innuishcd- author, had for the. last 300 years •b.ou - conspiracy against r the; truth/ * Jjeb them, .turn-- to - that. .period ; which , wns called <ages.” a- name; given- in contempt,*in which the:rudeness s of manners contrast' a- with ‘the l refinement of / modern times.- but .in .which there--was at the same time most- sincere, piety., They were in acei tain seme agesof ; ; bio jil—war fare-: was the normal state of, society. How came.it: to pass that kings, and .nobles, and knights on some days sanctified by religion, pub away the spear and aword. the l«nce andhfdmet, ,and. r kuelc at the altar, of Christ crucified t .' Toia’was dueto the Catholic who estaßUshed that beautiful relio of Che middlej*ges l , > V. The Truce ■of:G)d, t \ when swords were -laid aside on days* sabred.to the.divine service and.consecrated to •penance..The'.-.gentleness .of-'.the * warfare Jn- .vour own days'; * contrasted with the-,savage ferocity of •lhe : < middle was . due to the .?>action .. v q! -individual : bishops, ami. of. bishops assembled in council, in.these times, ..They were tn\efriends of pro egress.-and society in.the middle ages. The. Catholic episcopats had : received ‘ lasting and eternal glory from many illustrious men. If they read ecclesiastical history,: they would fipd that these illustrious men belonged all to the episcopal order, having been singled out on account of their learning. St. Athanasius, St. Augustine, St. Ambrose, St. Cyprian, and many other names might be quoted. Later on, Sb. Isidore, St. Francis da Sdes, St. •Alphonse, and numerous others had given tes timony to th-t truth, and glorified the episcopal order of the church. Others had glorified (be eburph by their suffer ings, of whom ha might instance St Basil, SC. Atbanasiu*, St Thomas k Beckett, St. Laurence 6 Toole, Bishop Fisher, and a numerous host of others. Coming to the modern times, about 90 years ago,, at the time of the Fiench Revolution, three bishop* and 200 priests were thrown into prison iu Paris. The infuriated mob broke in the prison and slew every one of them. Only 30 years ago a similar scene,was enacted in the .same city. An archbishop and a number of prie ts were detained for 40 days in prison. He died gloriously in defence of the Catholic faith, surround'd by a noble baud of Carmelites, Dominicans, and Fathers of the Sicieby of Jesus. In China aod the Corea numbers of bishops have laid down their Uvea rather than trample on the cross and burn incense before idols. They like good, shepherds, and like so many others, gave their Uvea for th-ur sheep. What happened then has happened in all ages, hence the veneration xu which the episcopal order is held in the Catholic Church. 11 My Lord, in the name of your people, I con gratulate you upon your elevation to the epis copal order. When you look upon your pe jple, on your clergy, on the members of the orders of the Sisters of Mercy, and of Loretta, the Joud Christian Brothers, the good Catholic masters nod mistresses of schools throughout your dio cese, look with love uponyour people—apeople worthy of love, a people strong in faith. Be membef those subjext to you in Christ, know ing that you must render tu Christ an account of their souls. Aod believe, my Lord, that throughout your life you will find consolation, peace, afad joy io working for this When St. Anselm, Luifranc, or St. Thomas k Beckett ascended the throne of Canterbury, wa may be assured the spirit of the fi»sb archbishop was near and looked with complacency on them. When, later, bishops ascended the throne of Ard-tgb, we may be assured the spirit of St. Patrick hovered near and looked with compla cency on. Aod we may well b-lieve that the first bishop of Ballarat is present here jo the spirit to-day, and that the throne on which God has raised him for bis z l -! aod good works ii filled with joy and Bali.-f*ctioo, and that he looks forward to the day when he will meet bis successor on the other side. May this day be long delayed. L>ng may you be spared to merit by faith and labour in good works that crown of glory which Je*ua Christ, the just judge, has laid upas well for the faithful people as the faithful pastor.” In the afternoon a large number if gentle men dined with Bishop Moore at the Palace, Wendouree. Included among the guests were the Bishops of Hobart, Maitland,Adelaide, Goul burn, and Armidale. Archbishop Qoold was not present,owing to feeling fatigued from theactive part which be had taken in the ceremony. Piomiuent among the non clerical guests were His Honour Judge. Trench, the Mayor of (be City,tbeeZ’Mayorof the City (Mr F.M Clazton), Dr Browoless, Mr W. H Archer, the H>n N. Fitzgerald, Mr A. T. Morrison, Mr Andrew An derson, Messrs J. A. Mulligan, J. J. Fi’Zgerald, D. Brophy, D Fitzpatrick, Felix M'Qovern, Lombard, Holmes, Salter, the City Clerk, Ochiltree (b«nk manager of Bunipyong), G. G Morton, Dr M'Conoochie, Coghlan, J.P., James Cotier, Superintendent Ryall, Captain T. Mann, and R. Wrigley. The dinner was served up io the large dining hall at the palace. Bishop Moore presided. He was supported on the right by Dra Murphy, Murray, and Torre giani, aod on the left by Drs Reynolds, Lmi gan, and Browoless. Several toasts, in cluding those of loyal character were pro* posed and duly honoured. Bishop Murphy gave the toast of “Bieh>p Moore.” In doing so be p-id a high compliment to the new prelate, and wished him long life aod happiness in hi* hew sphere. The newly-consecrated bishop replied in aui*- able terms. Mr Brophy proposed “The Health of the Members of the .Church of England and other Denominations.” Judge Trench and Mr G G. Morton responded iu graceful terms. The learned judge referred to the high esteem in which Bishop Moore was held by’ all classes..of society. He (Judge Trench) had known Bishop Moure for many years in this district, and'during the whole of the lime he ,had proved himself a moat zealous clergyman a, good citizen. The new biahop had always Worked io bar? mony with all religious classes of society, and there-was no doubt that harmony, would, still continue. The Visitors” and a few other toasts were given, aod the dinner party separated! L*st evening Pontifical Vespers .were, held at St. Patrick's Cathedral. There was e crowded attendance. Bishop Moore was pro; sent.. He occupied a seat on his throne,, and a number of priests assisted at the service. The Rev. John Meade preached a powerful aod telling, sermon which was attentively listened to by the large congregation.. The consecration celebration was impressive throughout, and quite In keeping with the auspicious occasion. . 