OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. What is known of the "Wollaston case" is moat in people's mouths jest now. Mr. Wollaston is the State-school teacher at Campbellfield, and a religions man to boot. Now, the 12th section of our Elucation Act unmistakably prohibits a State-school teacher from pi vine anv other than secular instruction within the walls of his school. Mr. Wollaston, being desirous of having a Sunday school in hiB State-school building, asked the permission of the Education Department, but the request was sternly refused by the permanent head. He appealed from the permanent head to the political head, meaning Mr. Gillies, Minister of Public Inatiuction, who took the same view as his subordinate, and interpreted the 12th section of the Act in the same manner. A few weeks after, it happened that one Sunday the clergyman who usually visited the township and conducted a service in the State-school building did not put in an appearance, and the congregation being unwilling to disperse without some act of public worship, asked the schoolmaster to officiate in the emergency. Either forgetting or ignoring the decision ot the Minister and the permanent head, and their interpretation of the 12th section, he generously acquiesced, conducted the service and was promptly lined £5 by Mr. Gillies for what was held to be a flagrant act of insubordination. Naturally, the religious world was all excitement and lodignition at this "tyrannical interference with religious liberty," and the case was brought before both Houses of Parliament during the week. Mr. Gillies, in the Assembly, justified the fine on the ground that it was inflicted not so much lor conducting the service as for setting the Department at defiance. The newspapers also have taken sides on the question, and the pious metropolitan daily has opened its columns to a penny subscription to pay the fine inflicted on Mr. Wollaston. Penny stamps are being acknowledged from all quarters, and it is pretty evident that more than the necessary £5 worth will be forthcoming. Of course, it goes without saying that this Wollaston case has been pushed into prominence in the hope of promoting the agitation for the introduction of the Bible into the State-schools. Passing from the Wollaston case to the Stauborough case, we step from pure religion to cunning hyprocrisy, for it turns out that the father of the late wealthy Mrs. Payne, of Woollahra, Sydney, was a sly old dog. When Mrs. Payne died in so tragical a fashion it was discovered that her father, Stanborough, was an inmate of our Benevolent Asylum, and the committee of that institution naturally wanted to know how it was that the father of such a well-to-do lady should be compelled to live on the State. Stanborough was brought before them, and he asserted that he never received a penny from Ms daughter or her relatives. Subsequent inquiries, however, elicited that he had been in receipt of £1 per week, and on being brought a second time before the committee he admitted the fact that he was in the habit of spendingthe money on stimulants. Thereupon the committee decided that he was not a fit subject for a benevolent asylum, and it was unanimously resolved to expel him, so aa to make room "for a more deserving case. On the same day that this occurred the brotherin-law of the late Michael Dawson, who died worth nearly a million of money, applied for admission to the asylum, and was temporarily admitted, in the hope that the publication of the fact would shame.his wealthy relatives into supporting him. The late Joseph Bragge Slack was an interminable litigant when he was alive, and now that he is dead the adminstration of his estate promises to be an interminable source of litigation. He has left freehold property to the amount of some .£4000, and three daughters are figuring as claimants, one of whom hails from the Wimmera, and was never known as his daughter during his lifetime. Probably she was disgusted with bis legal eccentricities, and did not wiBh to be identified with him. Now that he can be no longer eccentric in this world, or bring ridicule on the family, she admits the relationship, and asks for her share when the old man's property is carved. Her claim to participate in the plunder is contested, ana by the time the arguments are concluded the property in dispute will doubtless have to be Bold to pay the lawyers—a grim satire on old Slack's years of strife with the imps of the devil's brigade. Small-pox is not stamped out after all. Several cases were discovered this week, under circumstances that lead to the suspicion that the medical men in attendance were aware of the true character of the disease, but did not report to the authorities. If this be true, it is impossible to say how far the infection has spread. Even when the discovery was made and the houses were quarantined, one of the patients contrived to escape, and was at large in the city for more than an hour. This does not speak much for our police system or quarantine. A sergeant has been called upon to send in his resignation, an inquiry having shown that this model guardian of law and order was in the habit of visiting hotels in company with girls of easy virtue Then, Jour constables who were caught more than a mile away Jrom their beatB, and in suspicious proximity to the back entrance of a brewery, were brought before the City Court to answer for their misconduct, but the magistrates could see nothing improper in constables leaving a suburb ut protected and coming into the city to defend - brewery that was not known to be in any par- ticular danger; so the constables were discharged by our rare old Dogberrys without a stain upon their characters. The authorities, however, have shown what they think of such a preposterous decision by dispersing the men in distant districts where there are few, if any, breweries in urgent need ot protection. From breweries to hotels is a natural and easy transition, and it has to be placed on record that, after a brief spasm of law-abiding morality, Sunday trading is now as brisk as ever, and its concomitant evils are just as prominent as before. The Licensed Victuallers' Association, for three Sundays in succession, did its utmost to secure universal closing, even going to the length of keeping its office open all day to receive reports of backsliding publicans and place the police in possession of their names. All this was done in the hope of disgusting the thirsty public with the present Licensing Act, which absolutely prohibits the sale of intoxicants on Sun- days to any person who cannot conscientiously declare that he has travelled 10 miles since he got out of bed that morning. But, notwithstanding all the vigilance of the Licensed Victuallers' Association and the police combined, some houses mauaged to do a roaring, if illicit, trade on the Sabbath, and this being noised abroad, human nature asserted itself, and in self-defence the general body ol publicans have decided to carry on the same old game and run the risk of an occasional prosecutiou. For the three Sundays that the closing periment lasted the the orderliness ol the city was remarkable, and the absence of the big brigade ol bacchanalians that were accustomed to face the magistrates on Monday mornings was juBt as remarkable and pleasing a feature. We can only regret thatthelaw-breakingproclivities of the publicans and the impossibility of our small body of police watching all the hotels of the city, prevent this delightful state of things from becoming perennial. During the coming week the publicans intend waiting on Mr. Berry (who has been a good deal troubled with sciatica lately) and asking him to include in his new Licensing Bill a clause legalising Sunday trading for a couple of hours in the afternoon and evening—a request with which he is not likely to comply. Sunday evening concerts are already tolerated, but if the hotels were allowed to open as well, there would soon be very little difference between Saturday night and Sunday night. The Legislative Assembly has at last got rid of the Land Bill, and the Railway Construction Bill is the next item on the bill of fare. It is now generally understood that the Scots' Church Secession Bill has not the ghost ot a show for getting through the mill this session, so strong is the determination to talk it to death. And in connection with this, there has been some consternation amongst the orthodox on account of a recent cablegram which saya that the Rev. Cbas. Strong is coming back soon. Most of them would be less alarmed at an announcement that the "old gentleman" was coming up from down below. On the arrival of the arch-heretic we may look out for a renewal of tempestuous weather in the region of the Presbyterian Assembly. The irreverent and the ungodly are splitting their sides laughing at the curious epistle sent by an estimable resident of the rabbit-infested country to Bishop Moorbouse, beseeching his Lordship to order prayers to be said throughout the diocese asking Heaven to curse the ubiquitous rabbits with sterility. Of course the levelheaded bishop could not see his way to grant the strange request, but at the same time it is an indication of the terror that the rabbit plague is inspiring in the country districts. In some parts of the Wimmera the poor selectors are being eaten out ot house and home by the countless myriads of these pests. Some such miraculous intervention as the Bishop's correspondent sighed for, though not to be expected in these degenerate days, would save hundreds of homes on the northern plains from being abandoned in despair. Theatrical Melbourne has a serious grievance against theatrical Sydney for keeping the Federal Minstrels so long. Their return to their old quarters in the Victoria Hall has been so frequently promised, and the pro< mises have been BO shamefully broken, that we are beginning to fear that they have become a fixture in Sydney. The last rumour concerning them is that they will positively play here during Cup week, but that report may prove as false as the others. " Tbe Silver King," at the Royal, is about the only thing worth witjust now. 