THE COLLINGWOOD TOWN HALL DESIGNS. AT the meeting of the Collingwood City Council, held on Wednesday, the " Notice paper" contained the report of the Public Works Committee and the report of the Finance Committee. Between these two reports there was a line in capital letters, thus REPORT OF THE TOWN HALL COMMITTEE. But there was no " report." Not the skele ton-not even the ghost of a "report." When the report of the Public Works Com mittee had been disposed of, the Mayor called, on "The report of the Town Hall Committee," whereupon the Town Clerk read the minutes of a meeting of the Town Hall Committee, and of two adjourned meetings of the same body. From these minutes it appeared that there had been plenty of correspondence, including a letter from the Postmaster-General protesting against a post and telegraph office being included in the design for the municipal buildings, without any authority to that effect having been given. A letter from the Department of Public Works, asking " The reason why " the awards of Messrs. Billing and Kerr had been set aside. A letter from Messrs. Billing and Kerr, asking for an 'ex planation.' Also a letter from Mr. Peter Malthews, again claiming the second pre mium, and protesting against its being paid to and other competitor. To these communications, and several others, the Town Clerk was instructed to send replies, and Mr. Mortley now read the replies that he had sent, with the exception of the reply (if any) furnished to the Postmaster General. The reply to the Department of Public Works was worded as follows: "The object for which the gentlemen were requested to act, was that the Council might be assisted in choosing the design best adapted for the purpose intended, and that prior to their commencing their duties, they were furnished with a copy of the con ditions, and were asked to meet the Council before submitting their report, which they refused to do. The Council feel satisfied that the cost of carrying out the design submitted by 'Prodesse Civibus,' will greatly exceed that of 'Premier,' and therefore have awarded the first premium to "Pro Populo " as recommended by the gentlemen appointed by the hon. the Minister and by the Institute of Architects, and the second to 'Premier,' recommended for the first by the gentleman representing the Council." The letter to Messrs. Billing and Kerr ran thus:--"I have the honor to inform you that prior to your inspection of the designs, you were furnished with a copy of the conditions under which the de signs were sent in, and I beg to draw your attention to clauses 4, 5 and 7 of same." The reply to Mr. Peter Mathews, was to the effect that he must bundle out his design -holas-bolas. Having cancladedi reading !the correspondence, the Town Clerk read the recommendations of the committee as follows:-" That the first prize of £100, be paid to Mr. Cutler the author of the "Pro 'Populo" design. That the second prize of £50, be paid to Mr. G. R. Johnston, author of the ' Premier.' That the "Premier" design be adopted for execution, subject to such modifications as the Council may approve of, and that the author of ' Pre mier' be employed to carry out the proposed new buildings." The Mayor moved, " That the recommen dations of the Town Hall Committee be received and adopted." Cr. Smith seconded the motion. Cr. Gray : "I would like to say a few words before the motion is put. I cannot altogether approve of the action of the Town Hall Committee, and I think it a pity that the designs were not exhibited at the Public Works Department of the Government. I think it is most desirable that the Council should be thoroughly in accord with that department, seeing that the department complied with our request, and appointed an architect to act as one of the referees. If the course that I have suggested had been taken before the com mittee finally adopted the - " The Mayor : " OCr. Gray, have you a -" Cr. Gray : "Pardon me, Mr. Mayor, I have a right to express my opinion, it is the privilege of every councillor sitting at this table. I will say that so far as my own humble judgment goes, I think I believe \- Premier's' design to be the best, but it is my belief that it would have been much better if the designs had been exhibited in the Department of Public Works for a day or two." Cr. Lang: " Some months ago I was assured that the first prize was to go to the gentleman who, it is well known, had shown councillors his plans up to a certain stage, and who, it has been said, received instruc tions from a councillor now sitting at this Council table, and I don't think that that Councillor had his hands clean when he voted upon the question of awarding prizes. It is well known that Mr. Johnston had been touting about a great deal amongst councillors. In fact, he showed myself his front elevation, and others also knew all about it. Mr. Johnston was a councillor of nine years' standing, and I can't under stand how he could go about touting as he did I could have no confidence in a man who would stoop to do that. I am of opinion that the best course for us to adopt would be to put both competitors aside and get some one else to erect the buildings." Cr. Smith: "I'm really much surprised at what has fallen from Cr. Lang. I'm surpriset at him repeating slanders. The Committee has been slandered by the press. The local press and the outside press. In fact, we have been slandered on every side; but suppose all the statements and slanders were correct, What then? Cr. Lang has referred to the action taken in the matter by another Councillor. Now, I say what that Councillor done he done it with a goodintention. Ihaveaconsiderable knowledge, of plans and I say that there is no comparison between the two plans. They are not comparable at all, and in that opinion I am backed up by several rate payers. Cr. Lang has been assisting to circulate statements that he knows to be absolute falsehoods." Cr. Lang: "' Question, question." Cr. Smith to the Mayor: "I don't think, sir, you ought to have allowed him to go on; you should have called him to order." Cr. Aitken: "I suppose I may say some thing upon this matter. I may say that I gave no instructions to prepare plans, and my hands are not soiled by any bribe. Having some spare time, and having a horse and buggy, and knowing that we were to have a Town Hall, I drove round and had a look at several of the Town Halls in the suburbs. The one that ap peared to me most suitable was the one at Hotham. The Town Clerk there, Mr. Randell, showed me over the building and explained everything to me. I asked Mr. Randell if he had a plan of the building. He said he had not, but that in all pro bability the architect who designed it, Mr. Johnston, had a plan. On my way back I nearly drove over Mr. Johnston. I pulled up, and I asked him if he had a plan of the Hotham Town Rall. He said he had not, but that he would make me a sketch, and some time after he sent me a plan pre pared in anticipation of a Town Hall being erected in Collingwood. There was no bribe at all This is the simple story of Mr. Johnston appearing upon the scene." Cr. Langr "I'm very glad to bear Cr. Aitken's statement, and I'm pleased that I took the bull by the horns and spoke out so plainly. I would not impute any im proper motive to Cr. Aitken. Cr. Dwyer: "As Chairman of the Com mittee I feel that something was done that was not judicious, but it was done with a good intention by a young Councillor who had just got into harness. Perhaps Mr. Johnston also has bhen acting injudiciously in coming near the Council at all, but we can't help that. We have to do the best we can for the ratepayers. I voted for giving the first prize to "Pro Populo," but since then it has been pointed out to me by persons better acquainted with such things than I am myself that "Premier's" design is more suitable to our requirements. Our Surveyor was asked if he could not make a fresh plan out of the two. He replied that it would not be gentlemanly to do so. After that we could not ask our Surveyor to do it as that would be tantamount to telling him that he is not a gentleman." Cr. Field: "I may say that I dissent altogether from the recommendations of the Committee. None of the plans come up to my expectations, and in my opinion the best thing we can do is to pay both prizes, and have done with the authors. Let us make the best of a bad bargain. The way in which this business has been conducted is not the way I would conduct my own hbusiness. I'm sorry that certain letters have not been read. These letters would show which of the competi tors is the gentleman. The best thing we can do for the present is to stop where we are and pay the prizes, and acknowledge that we have made a bad bargain:." Cr. Gray. "I would certainly like that the plans would be sent to the Public Works Department for a few days." The Mayor: " That would only be killing time." " Cr. Gray: " I don't think so.' It could do not harm at all events." "The Mayor : "Will you move a re solution to that effect ?'" Cr. Gray: "Yes; I move that the plans be sent to the Public Works Department for a few days." Cr. Field: "I second that." Cr. Dwyer: "I most decidedly object to anything of the sort being done. Certain members of the Council opposed the loan and opposed the site. No doubt these per sons will do all they can to upset the whole thing." Cr. Field: "I rise to a point of order. Cr. Dwyer is now imputing motives." The Mayor: " Cr. Dwyer must not im pute motives." Cr. Dwyer: "I'm imputing no motives, but I say that Cr. Field and others opposed the l?oan and opposed the site." Cr. Gray: " My only object is to get into thorough harmony with the Government." Cr. Dwyer: "It would be much easier for the Minister to take a cab and drive to Collingwood to see the plans than to have the plans carted to him." Cr. Smith: "I can't at all see why we should send the plans to the Public Works Department." Cr. Gray: "Why did you ask the De partment to appoint an architect to act as referee 1" The Mayor : "The Committee fully and thoroughly considered the plans, and came to the conclusion that Mr. Johnston's plan is the most suitable to our requirements. Mr. Johnston is thoroughly competent to carry out the work. His plan gives us 124 feet by 50, while "Pro Populo" gives us only 100 feet by 50, and " Pro Populo " gives us a supper room that only a few persons can sit in, while "Premier" gives us supper room that will comfortably accommodate three hundred. The money is lying in the bank at one per cent. less than we are paying for it, and in my opinion the erection of the building should be proceeded with at once." After a good deal more discussion the question was put, and the amendment was lost, Crs. Field, Lang, and Wright voting "for" and the Mayor and Cr. Smith, Dwyer, and Aitken "against" it. Cr. Gray was absent when the division took place. The Mayor's resolution was then put, and was carried by the same majority. 