THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS At 7.30 in the evening a meeting was held in the N.A. Congregational Church, which was presided over by the Chairman, who delivered his inaueural aidreBs as follows :— OUR PRINCIPLES, PLACE, AND WORK. My dear Brethren— Havipg consented to occupy this chair in compliance 'with your unanimous re quest, I desire very gratefully to acknowledge the distinction you have conferred upon me in calling, mo for the third time to thi3 post of honour and1 responsibility. Most earnestly would I solicit your co-operation and prayers that I may be enabled efficiently to discharge its duties. We meet onGe more as ministers and members of the Congregational Churches in this colony. Dis-, claiming alllegislatiye authority, declining in any sense to be' a Court of Appeal, we come together for prayer and conference. Ours i3 a purely deliberative assembly, in which all are equal, for ' One is our Master, even Christ, and all we are brethren.' We are, therefore, wishful to let it be known that we invade the liberty of no Church, restrict no brother in . his . work , for . God, make no attempt to suppress independent thought or action in any ?field of labour. Independency is not of necessity, isolation; combination of somesort there must be, otherwise we cannot fulfil our part in the Christian activities of the age, and we may be thankful that we can from time to time assemble in this fashion,' enjoying the closest union with the fullest freedom.. The advantage of these periodical gatherings is manifest in the better knowledge . we gain of one' another, and in the opportunities afforded us of mutual consultation on matters in which we are all interested. Nor are our decisions formed any the lef a carefully, because they go forth as recommen.; dations only, which any Church is at liberty to adopt or reject. May the good Spirit of our God be with us, so that oar present meetings may prove tbe most profitable and pleasant we have ever held. ' ; To one who like myself has been i member of this Union for a quarter of a century, a glance at the present assembly awakens both sad and pleasant emotions. Your fathers, where are they ? And the prophets, do they live tor ever? How many who met. with us on former occasions have gone to their rest and reward! Not a year passes but some namas disappear from our roll. They -were 'not suffered to' continue by reason of death.' We would gladly: have kept them with us yet awhile, for the wisdom which iB attained by a larger experience of men and things would have helpea us in our deliberations ; but G od has called them to other, and, as we believe, nobler service. Not a few of us here to-day are fully sensible of the ffict that the greater part of our life-work is done, and that before long we too shall join the congregation pf the dead. But let us be of good cheer*, God's work will not stand still; the Church of the ever- living God will nevei be without good men and true men, ' full of the Holy Ghost and of faith.' Do we not find that while some are taken from us others arise to fill their places and supply their lack of service? To those brethren who attend for the first time as delegates we accord a very hearty welcome, and, our hope is that their connection with us may be of long dura tion, a joy to themselves, and a lasting benefit to our common cause. ; There are many subjects of interest and impor tance to which onr attention might have been, directed on the present occasion. I have not, how ever, felt the usual difficulty in making selection of an appropriate topic on which to address you. Just now Congregationalists, here' and elsewhere, are very much occupied abonb jnbilees. Onr brethren in the old country recently, celebrated the jubilee of tbe Congregational Union of England and Wale3, and the goodly sum already Raised— £280,000— which they: hope to increase ub! to .£400,000 by the year 18SG, shows that their enthusiasm was not all senti ment. The success of the meeting held last May at Sydney in commemoration of the jubilee of Congre-. gationalism in Australasia exceeded, both as to, attendance and results, the expectations of the most sanguine. The Victorian Churches, provoked to love and to good works by_ their brethren in New South Wales, are: making vigorous efforts in pros pect of their jubilee. We in this colony, yielding to the contagion of a good example,' are resolved tq have our celebration in 1887. We propose to liberate our Churches from the debts which hinder their growth and usefulness ; to. provide means by which ?the declining years of our aged and infirm: ministers , may be freed lrom pecuniar j anxiety;' and to rai.se funds for Church extension. With, the first-' named objects every right ? hearted ' man in our midst will thoroughly sympathize; but as to the last, the need for growth and exten sion, some may not. feel .particularly enthusiastic. Hence I have thought it ? desirable we should con-, eider our principles as Congregationalists, and our place and work, in these lands, as a section of the one Church.of which Christ is the living Lord and Bead. 'As we proceed with our enquiries we shall discover some .convincing reasons why we should not only continue, to exist, but should zealously aim at advancement, Lat-me then speak to- you briefly of our principles, place, and work. ; We are known as ConRregationalists and Inde pendents. The two terms are hot synonymous, but 1 taken tocether they may be said fairly to designate, the ecclesiastical system to which we adhere. As! ?CcngregaticmalLsts our Churches are neither national nor parochial, but are composed of persona who con gregate or gather- together iri one place. -These .Churches, whether large or snail, are complete in themselves, are capable of conducting and regular ing their own affairs, and their governing power is confined to themselves, every member having an equal right to speak and vote on all matters thai; come up for. consideration. As Independents we maintain that each separate Church or congregation 0 f believers is entirely independent of nil other Churches, and of all ecclesiastical control of any kind. 'We are dependent' on Christ alone, acknow ledge no' authority but His, claim to be selfgo verned, and allow of ho outside interference. It is a mistake to suppose that the term Congregational is more modern than that of Independent. Churches of our faith and order existed in England as earlyj as tbe year.1567. The name chosen by themselves from the first (as Dr. Kennedy reminds 113) vraa 'Congregational,' and their form of .government they designated ' The Congregational way.' Those around them spoke of them aa independents to dis tinguish them from Episcopalians and Presbyte-! rians, and it was with reluctance that onr spiritual ancestors admitted the application of the term Inde-' pendent to themselves or the Churches to which thsy belonged; .We have never been alone among Protestants in asserting that the Word of God is the supreme ? authprity ih all questions of faith' and practice. Yet : we go further than many. of ' our 'co-religionists do, since we accept it as. onr sole' authority. Our appeal in all Chnrch matters— our supreme and ultimate appeal '—is not to creeds, nor to Acts of Parliament not to decrees pf Councils, nor to any kind of ecclesiastical 'standards, 'formed, by art and man's device,' not even to ' the voice-of the Primi tive Church,? but. directly and solely to the Holy. Scriptures. We believe that the New Testament is ia a special sense the statute-boob of tbe Christian Church,; its inspired pages contain all our 'constitu- tions and canons' ecclesiastical,' and allouri 'articles for: the avoiding of diversities of opinion ' and lorrtbe establishing pf consent touching true' religion.', This, we contend, is the only safe and' satisfactory position for us to take. So soon as we' get away from it we drift into a region of confusion! ami bewilderment. By way of. iHustration we call attenfionrto a. statement which appeared in the English tapers last; January (see Literary World,' January^ page 13V 'Many persons, especially the' Eitualistsiui the .Church of- England,, are, in the* habit of referring to the ' Church' as an authority. A gentleman who has had great difficulty in under standing what, 'the Church1 -referred tc- really is, has .decided tpvftive two prizes of £10 for the beat; eisays on the subject.' we dare not accept the dicta of a self-styled infallible Chnrch in-placaof that~'ipare sure wo»d of prophecy whereunto we do welUnat we take heed, as unto a light that sbineth In a dark' place.' ? ' ' ? ? . .-': Searching the Sorintaes/ wbafc'db; we learn first ,of,a)l ax to: the constitution oi cue-, Church of Christ? 'It is,'one,'the collective body of the r'ede'emed both on earth arid ? in 'heaven.' (BpL iir, 21 ; Heb. xii.' 23), ; IbGrwhola Church on earth, distributed 'as it 13 over. many, countries, cannot meet in any one t-!ace,' and there TiiuBt of necessity bo separate con ?grtgatioB8of;Cbri4f4 disciples. But they aro Oil ?.united m the Lord, for; . . 'The saints on earth, and all the dead, But one coinmunipn make :; ; ' AH joniirfChriBtf, their living Head, .1 .. Aid of His grace partake.'; :a , ? . The oneness bf;fcbe-Ctrarch is not. a .thing of name, form, or locality ;.i$« a unity of roirit and. life, and; distributibn' dote aot always, 4s a matteV.of course, imply division! -TOV slay De many members, vet one body ; separate Churches, yet all united to tho oar we find it was customary for disciples ToT chri*^ lived in close neighbourhood voluitarUTtT.w together for worship and for the ol^rv^ of His ordinances, without waS ^ apostolic sanction or seeking permission frmn ani external authority. They elected their pastors and deacons, transacted all other needful business and were regarded by their fellow-Christians in other places as a duly constituted Church. One of tho earliest and largest Christian Churche3— that at Antioch — was formed in this manner, and was most successfully at work before it was visited by Paul and Barnabus. These first Churches were composed only of those who cordially and practi cally believed the Gospel ; that was the one indis pensable qualification for Church raembershin We can see from the conduct of tho brethren at Jerusalem (Acts is. 28, 27), when Saul 'assayed to join himself to the disciples,' how carefully the purity of tbe Church was guarded. No one was admitted to their fellowship without a distinct per fonal avowal of repentance ton-ard God and faitn £n our Loid Jesus Christ, with purpose conscientiously to obey Him. Of course, notwithstanding all their care, occasionally tho unworthy and unconverted cained an entranca into their midst, but they were always regarded as unfit for discipleship. Those who walked contrary to their profession were treated as offenders, and as such were rebuked and censured. Christ's ' kingdom is not of this world ' those who belong to it can luvo no fellowship with ungodliness. Further, from the manner in which the Churches are addressed in the apostolicJepisUes written to them, we cannot resist the conclusion that they consisted of 'saints and faithful brethren in Christ Jesus.' They were by no moans perfect in knowledge and goodness, but they were enjoined to add to their faith all the crace3 and excellences of the Christian character, that they might adorn tha doctrine of God, their Saviour in all things. Then as to the govemmeEt of the Church, we gather froni the sacred writings that each separate fellowship administered its own affairs. The members ther&y; confessed they were under law to Christ, and n?- other authority was ever imposed upon them; In their perplexities about questions of doctrine and discipline they repaired to the apostles for counsel and guidance. This was freely civen, and, as a rule, was gratefully accepted and followed. But, as we observe in the case of tho Church at Corinth, they were required to act for themselves. The offending person must be cast out of their communion, and they must do it when they 'are gathered together' (1 Cor. v. i, 5). Paul distinctly declares that neither he nor his fellow-apostles had any dominion over their faith (2 Cor. i. 24). We do not fiad that the primitive disciples acknowledged any gradations ofrank among themselves, and even those who ministered to them were exhorted not to be 'lorda over God's licritaEe,' but 'ensamples to tha flock' in humility, self-denial, and love. It is worthy of notice that these words are found in tho First EplsUa of Peter. His reputed successor at Home must surely have overlooked them. For tho maintenance, and extension of the Kingdom of Christ they depended upon the voluntary offeriD/rs and willing services of His own loyal followers. These were some of their rules :— ' Let every one of you lay by him in store a.* God has prospered him' (1 Cor. xvi. 2), and ' Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so 1st him give, not grudgimny or of necessity, for God lovetfi a cheerful giver' (-2 Cor. is. 7). Political in . fluence and power they never sought ; these were beyond them— were indeed arrayed against them. There is nothing in their acts and utterances to in dicate that the first Churches ever entertained tha notion that the Civil Government had any pro vince or function in the spiritual kingdom, where Christ reigns supreme. Subjection to the ' powers that be' was commanded, and it was ren dered so long as they kepi within ' their own sphere, not interfering with lojalty to con science and God (Acts v. 27-29) ; but no one thought for a moment of seeking their patronage and help in carrying on the work of the. Lord. The main reliance of the early Church rested on the abiding presence of the Master, and tha renewing influences of the Holy Ghost. When we call to mind how much was accomplished in apostolic times, and tha years immediately following them, we must admit that their dependence was placed upon the true sources of spiritual strength and prosperity. In proportion aa we possess their spirit, emulate their zeal, and imitate their methods, &hail; we do oar part in making the kingdoms of this woild the kingdoms of our God and of His Christ. Such in brief are the conclusions at which we arrive from a study of the New Testament, and Church history fully sustains our interpretations of its ecclesiastical polity. Mosheim says, voL I., page 53— '-The Churches in those early times were entirely independent— none of them subject to any foreign jurisdiction, but each one governed by its own rulers and its own laws. For though, the Churches founded by the Apostles had this par ticular deference shorm them, that they were consulted in difficult and doubtful cases, yet they had no juridical authority, no sort of supremacy over the others,' nor tha-least right to enact laws for them. Nothing, on the contrary, ia more evident than the perfect equality that reigned among the primitive Churches ; nor does thero even appear in this first century the smallest traca of that associa tion of provincial. Churches, from which Councils and Metropolitans' derive their origin.' The pages of the seenkr historian will be found to confirm what wo declare concerning the early Christian Churches. Thus Gibbon, in hiB 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire,' vol. II., chap. 15, writes, ' TheSocietiea (i.e., Churches) which were instituted in the cities of the Roman Empire were united only by the ties of faith and charity. Independence and equality formed the basis of their internal constitu tion. ... Every Society formed within itself a separate and independent republic; and, although the most distant of these little States raaintaineda mutual as well as friendly intercourse of letters and deputations, tha Christian world was not yet connected by any supreme authority or legislative assembly.' Eminent men of other Churches candidly acknowledRo the correctness of our inferences from Scripture. Archbisbopi Whately, in his 'Essays on thoKinff dom of Christ,' says— ' It appears plainly from the Bacred narrative that though many Churches which tbe Apostles fonnded were branches of one spiritual brotherhood, of which tbe Lord Jesus Christ ia the heavenly head, though there was one Lord, one faith, one baptism for all of them, yet they were each a distinct independent community on earth, united by the common principles on which they weca founded, and by their mutual agreement, affection, and respect, but not having any recognised head on earth, or acknowledging any sovereignty of one of of those Societies over others.' And evea so recently as 1SS0, a Bampton lecturer writes— ' In the first ages of its history, while on the one hand it was a great and living faith, so on the other hand it was avast and organized brotherhood ; and being abrotherhood.it tfas a democracy: the multitude which no man could number stood before the throne, of God, bound together in an equal union by the tie of a common sonship, a common kinship, and a common priesthood.' As it was in the days of early simplicity and purity, so Mr. Hatch seams to anticipate it will be in the coming times of ultimate triumph, for a little fuvlher on he adds, ' It would seem as though in that vast secular revolution which is accomplishing itself, all organization, whether ecclesiastical cr civil, must be aa the early Churches were, more or less democratical' (Bamp ton Lectures, 18S0, pp. 213, 215). While propounding the Scripturalnesa of our Church constitution and polity we would not bo.un derstood to affirm that we have in the New Testa ment a complete model of Church government to which .we are bound to ponform in every particular. Neither would we maintain that every form of J apostolic method ought to be or can be perpetuated in the Churchy but wo do insist that the spirit of the apostolic institutions was intended to be presorved thfouchout all ages in the Churches. As on other subjects, ? so on Church' government tho New Testa ment lays down principles, not minute directions, and its teaching ia, by example rather than by posi tive law. The spirituality of the Church, the supreme headship of Christ within it, itsselfgovern . ing power .under Bim, are princip^ which no times nor circumstances can ever change, though the . language and modes in which wo express them may somewhat vary. Now, it ia of; great importance that we learn to distinguislTbetween the letter and the spirit, be tween forms and principles, for only thus shall we be preserved from confounding the human with the divine. Congregational Churches may worship in any style of building they choose to erect and pay for by the freewill offerings of the people; their ministers may, with or without vestments, from a pulpit or platform, preach written or extempore sfinnons; they may, as they prefor, adopt litur gical or spontaneous utterances in prayer; they tnay chant tbe words of Scripture, or sine hymns, aided, or not, as they please, by musical instruments ; they may have different modes of admission to their fellowship. These are matters of detail on lvbich we cannot expect uniformity of opinion or practice— all are at liberty t» decide for themselves, and need not be bound to conform to otbers. But tbat a Church should be composed of Christians, who are children of God, not by birth or baptism, but by personal faith in Christ Jesus (Gal. ill. 26), and that such, a Church should be snbject to Him alone, are principles we cannot consent to modify, and to which we persistently adhere. This meets . and disposes of an objection tbat iB . sometimes raised against Congregationalism. It has, been urged that if our Churches are without creeds, and are free to act as they like, there can be no certainty they will continue sound in doctrine. The question is asked, may not a self governing and Belf-Eupporting body adept what Formularies and regulations it pleases, become Arian, Positivist;' or anything else, and still call . itself a Congregational Church ? To thi3 our reply is, tbat of course a Cbufch has the right to lay down and alter its basis of fellowship, but it is very undesirable, if not dishonourable, to cling to a name when .everything has been cast aside which that name has been used to designate. Co&gregS;' ? tionalism is un historic term, and has a doflnits historic signification. ? In its ordinary acceptation it Is used^ to, describe a Christian, Protestant, and Evangelical' system, having a special well-defined ? idealaf the true Church, namely, that it is a body of spiritual men, converted by the grace of God, and Jiving by faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. We may futber remark, tbat as a matter of fact Con gregational Churches have been from the beginning famed for. their steady adherence to the great , doctrines of evangelical religion. In this ie'spect:'rtbey compare very favourably with creed ? bound communities ; nor will the thoughtful student .of the Bible and of human nature be' surprised at this. We grant 'there are Bad exceptions, but they are few and infrequent ; and tljis, hearty union of our pepple ia faitn and practice is a reality in' which we have a right to ? 'rejoice: One thing is clear : tbe nearer we approach .to. the New TestanieEt Church polity the more /likely we are to adhere to the New Testament faifb. ...Churches composed of godly men and women who have vital union with Christ, and who -Jive and vrallr in the Spirit, are not soon nor easily removed to.another gospel. .. ? , . . paving stated what we are, we now proceed to enquire wliat is our' place in Christendom ? For ourselves we'.esperi£nca no difficulty ?whataverin answering that question. We do not assume, to be the whole Church of God ; but we do demand that ?wc.bS regarded asapii'tof it. \Yejire one of the battalions of that army oi-vrhich the Lord Christ is ' Captain-one of the folds of that flock which is \- hi --the safe -keeping of the Chief Shepherd.- It has Beyer been our practice to assert that, we have a monopoly of vnsdom or of . the Divine bless ing. A sect we undoubtedly are, lrat only iit Hie ? sense in which every other Christian community- i* a sect ; that is, we are a section of tho one Churcb, which 13 tbe body of Christ. This we consider is the fair and legitimate use of the word, whether applied to ourselves or to otliers. But sect-irian we are not; as we do not look on other parts of the one whole vrith jealousy or with contempt, neither do we in a narrow, bigotsd spirit view our little part as tbe whole. We are aware that some altogether deny that we have any richt to be regardod aa a por tion of the Lord's Sacramental Host. The Church of Eome, for instance, will not acknowledge us : we are ontside its pale, and must have our heresy, up- rooted, or be destroyed with it. This exclosivenestf 1 does not deter «s{f rom cherishing the persuasion that many of tbe members of that communion are genuine disciples of our Divine Master, and concerning them we declare, 'Wo bfelleva tbat we shall be saved, through the graca of our Lord Jesus Christ, even as they' (Acts xv. 11). There is a party in the 111 ~£j»^ Ctadiidio-eftB equally hteh ground wiUilheBomaaist. To them to &r;« s&fe;£atiw, and with na they will have no feUowship DeSg tobe known or spoken of as Protestanti, they persist in referring disparagingly to ns as Dis senters, notwithstanding our repeated declaration that so far as South Australia is concerned this term 13 a misnomer, seeing that here we have no state Cnnrcn. Our ministry 13 pronounced by *hem to be irreanlar and unauthorized, nor will tney Kraut that we have any business to administer we ordinances of baptism and the Lord's Sapper. We will not undertake to deal seriously with these Very lofty pretensions, opposed as they are alike to ?Bcriptura and to common sense. Manifestly, those who advanced them mnst have studied tbtir Bible to little purpose, and no wonder their appeal is to the Church. If they alone are saved who received the Saciamonts at tba hands of an episco pally ordained ministry, then most assuredly heaven fwill be a wonderfully small place, and we must cease to think of it a3 the final home of untold myriads, who, as the loving Saviour himself said, shall come from the east and the west, the nurtu and the south. But blessed be God, Hia redeeming love will not be restrained within their narrow com munion, and His saving grace cannot be confined inside the shallow channels which they have marked out for it. To evangelical Christians of every name and denomination none can say more heartily than our selves, ' Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity.' There ia much that we told in common, ajid for which wa are ready to contend earnestly with one heart and mind. Diffe rences about Church order and discipline should not be suffered to stand in the way as barriers to friendship and fellowship. We can join our ranks in the conflict against sin and Satan, for we are agreed in our desire that Christ should be Lord of all. Opposing the mighty evils which afflict human society and imperil the soul3 of men, it would ill becorre us if we ref used to act in concert. We are fellow-soldiers, not rivals; and among us there should be union, not hostility. There 13 room for all and work for all, and nothing is gained by mutual recrimination and suspicion. It cannot be laid to our charge tbat we are fond of talking about 'our Church,' nor is it customary with us to seek to esalt oui selves by depreciating others. On fittin? occasions we do not hesitate to proclaim our principles, and frankly give our reasons for holding them. Others have an equal right to declare their convictions, and we credit them with the sincerity we claim for ourselves. If only we acted fully upon apostolic advice, 'Let all that ye do be done in love' (1 Cor. xsi. 14), there would be controversy without bitterness, and the unhallowed strife of sects would speedily come to an end. We may here observe it is a noteworthy fact that there is scarcely a Church into which Congregational ideas have not ? penetrated, and where they do not exert more or less power. Now it is not likely we shall love our brethren the less because we tind them adopting our principles and practices. Some are doing so without knowing it, while others candidly confess that ours is the ' more excellent way.' What bnt spiritual independence is prompting the present demand for convocation ana Church Courts, and ecclesiastical discipline, free from tht control of the secular power? What bat freedom of elec tion is breaking up the old habits of connexional bodies, and forcing them to yield, lest their autho rity should break in the strain to which it is now subject ? To show that this is no fond fancy of our own we may quote the language of Canon Curteis in his Bampton lecture of 1871. He says :— ' I would point out to Churchmen at least, and if I might be permitted to do so, to Congregationalism also, that the very truths which they (ue., ourselves) have most conspicuously emblazoned on their banner are simply an essential part of the acknowledged teach ing of the Church of h ngland. 'The ecclesiastical rights of the laity,' and the urgent 'need of guarding Christendom against secular corruptions from without' — where are these two maxims more clearly enunciated or more energetically acted on at the present day than within the National Church? No one can honestly donbt that this fact is in some measure owing to Congrezationalist infinence.' We gladly accept an acknowledgment so honourably made, and express the hope that more and more the various sections of the Christian Church will learn of one another. In this way they will promote their wellbaing and use fulness, and will gradually draw closer together. If it be true that our principles have been leaven ing other communions, so that their progress is ap proximation to us, may we not leave the leaven to work, and thankf ally rest from our labours 1 Have we not in these fair provinces of the vast British Empire secured almost everything for which oar fathers contended so bravely, and suffered so man fully 7 The liberation of religion from State patron age, cay, and power is with us an accomplished fact. We have won rrom the Legislature a practical ac knowledgment of the principle that religion needs no support but that which it derives from the faith and love of its willing subjects. Here we have no privileged an:l dominant sect, as the exercise of the civil authority for or apainst any form of faith has been formally abandoned. In the Australian Colonies we are trying the experiment of a free Church in a free State, and so far as we have gone there is no cause to be dissatisfied with the result. Profoundly thankful as we are for these advances towards perfectly religious liberty and equality, we are persuaded we have still some wit ness to bear before the goal is reached. Those who have understanding of the times see very distinctly that there is need for the testimony and service of our free and independent Churches. In them our principles are not hedged round with qualifications which dwarf their proportions; neither are they associated with other ideas which, to a greater or lesser degree, neutralize their force. As in the past, attempts will be made to obtain assistance from the State for carrying out purely religions objects. These we must stoutly resist, and let it be seen we are determined not to part with a fragment of the liberty we so much prize and become again entangled with the yoke of bondage. It will be necessary for us afriah to declare tnat no Church for the sake of any material or social advantage should bow its head to tie domination of the secular power or compromise its purity and in dependence. Against' all sacerdotal assump tions and sacramental theories we must set our faces like a 2int, proclaiming with Tenewed earnestness the equality and priest hood of all believers in Jesus. We must make it manifest that we have a decided repugnance to nriestian in any shape or guise, because it is inimi cal to hnman freedom and progress aa well as out of harmony with the genius of the Gospel. History demonstrates that huge organizations, whether political or ecclesiastical, are almost certain to become cumbersome and unwieldy. In course of time they call into existence a strong central authority which ignores or overrides individual rights, alleging that these must be set aside for the general good. Such evils are avoided in a system of Church administration like our own ; and while we continue to work and witness, it will be evident that there can be co- operation without legislative control, and organization for work absolutely free from any governing power. Though we thus speak, we would not have it imagined that we claim perfection for ' ourselves or for our ecclesiastical system. We simply insist, and this our most honourable opponents concede, that our system approaches most nearly to the apostolic model, and on that account we prefer it. Worked as it is by imperfecD men, mistakes and errors cannot be altogether pre vented. There will be members cf our Churches who think that the true and proper way of asserting their independency is by opposing indiscriminately everybody and everything. There will be here and there lordly deacons, intent upon being autocrats, and who, as some one has said, if you resist them ?nill not flee from you, but wiU fly at you. AncLthere will be pastors who, crotchety, indolent, or incompetent, work mischief in the Churches over which they preside for a season. But Congregationalism is no more responsible for these excesses of lawless and selfish individualism than 13 our common Christianity for the inconsistencies of its professors. Were our Cb.urcb.e3 composed, as they should be of the really spiritually minded, we should have in them the maximum of good with the minimum of evil. Hence it is of the utmost impor tance that we should receive to our followship only those who know and follow Christ. It is not enoujh, however, that we base our right to live and prosper on the freedom of our institu tions, or the history and achievements of the past. In this practical age we must justify ourselves by our present charactsr and performances. And if we remain faithful to our convictions and profes sions, there will be little occasion to enquire what our work is in this nineteenth century ; the benefits we confer and the good we do in the conversion and education of human souls will speak for us. 'That Church will have the fairest record, as even now it is coming to command the mightiest power, which can develop the most robust and earnest form of practical godliness— which can best meet the forces of error and evil on their own field, and vanquish them in the name of God— which can do most fjr the recovery of humanity from the power of the god of this world, and for it3 sub jection to the law of Christian liberty and love.' We often affirm that the elasticity of Congrega tionalism it its glory; let us prove that such glorying is not vain by readily accepting all available means of usefulness, and not stand upon custom or prece dent. We avow tbat we know of no professional distinction between clergy and laity ; then let us not act as if onr ministers had a prescriptive right to preach, and thus practically discourage what for convenience sake we speak of as lay preaching. 'When told of an Eklad and Medad in our midst we ought not to be less, magnanimous than Moaes, who said, ' Would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, and that the Lord would put His spirit upon them.' While we will not admit that the true spiritual progress of any Church can be determined by figures merely, we must not lead others to con clude that we are indifferent about growth. On the contrary, let us show that we believe in aggressive effort, and hail joyfully every indication of genuine prosperity. How may that prosperity be reached' and enjoyed ? By the cultivation cf a fuller, fresher, deeper spiritual life. That is the secret of our power, and without it we shall be like Samson shorn of his locks, or like mimic fruit-trees, sapless and barren. We want hearts all aglow vrith the love of God, and possessing a, measure of that passionate devotion to the will of our heavenly Father which characterized our divine Master when on earth.- We want clearer, keener spiritual susceptibilities, a more consuming zeal for the honour of our Lord, a purer and holier sympathy with our work. Then we shall preach Christ in all the tenderness of his sympathy and all the fulness of His love, with new and wondrous power. Then our various agencies will be heartily sustained, and will be carried on efficiently, nor shall we have so often to deplore our want of success. Then, ready for work3 of faith and labours of love, we shall eome to the front in every move ment that aims at the social, moral, or religious elevation of the people. ' The want of co-operation, the want of men, the want of money, the want of prayer, these are only ths multiform phenomena of an evil deeper, broader, and i more serious than themselves— the want of life.' The times may not be favourable for any immediate vigorous sffortin the direction of raising funds for our forthcoming jubilee, but with revived .life all the money we require will come, and every good thing will come. In every department of Church work what we especially desiderate is full sympathy with the mind of Christ, humble dependence on the help of Christ, a stronc sense of 'the love of Christ, and that is alone possessed by those who are indeed alive unto God 'through Jesus Christ our Lord. Without delay and* without ceasing let U3 cry mightily unto God until the revivalcomes and the Spirit be poured upon us from on high in all His renewing and sanctifying in fluences. Could we say of all cur Churches what a London pastor lately reported abont that to which he minis ters, it would, indeed, be well with us. Speaking of a successful year's work, he said it was the result under God of the 'unbroken harmony of the Church and the earnest working spirit of all who entered its fellowship. The congregation was cor dial in it3 reception of strangers, and the warm, homelike atmosphere which had been maintained kept those who once came amongst them. No one in the congregation wanted his own particular way. 'When there had been division of opinion they had simply waited, and to this unanimity they were in debted for much of their prosperity.' In order to advance we want power and piety in the pulpit, bnt we must also have consis tency, heartiness, and brotnerliness in. the pew. The best recommendation of oar principles to others is to let them see that they stimulate us to the cultivation of all that is charitable, noble, generous, and good. Do we sufficiently keep this in mind ? Do we endeavour to make strangers feel at home when they come among us? Is member ship with our Churches felt to be desirable because of the frattmtd, helpful, sympathetic spirit we manifest? We cannot afford tD treat these ques tions as if they were of little consequence. While we rightly refuse to resort to any sensational methods of gathering in those who are without, we oucht by our practical realization of the divine idea of the Church as a family to win men to our fellow ship. Many in this selfish, sorrowful world yearn for the touch of a brother's hand, and the assurance of a brother's kindly regard. The Church that best satisfies this longing will be likely to secure the largest number of adherents. What should hinder our developing and exhibiting this true brotherly feeling to the fullest possible extent? With more of the minds of Christ, with a richer experience of the love God hath to us, it will come, and then men will say, 'We will go with you, for God ia with you.' Brethren, let us awake to our responsibilities, put on our strength, and in the name of our God set up our banners. The annals of the past minister hepe for the future. There is cause for humiliation but not for despondency. Scepticism, secularism, in differentism, may present a formidable front, but the Lord of Hosts is with us, and our trust is in Him. It may be that the more diligently and earnestly we strive to serve our generation accord ing to the will of God, the more apparent will be our imperfections and insufficiency. But, lifting up our eyes unto the hills from whence cometh our help, it is for us to pray as of old the Church in the wilderness did, 'Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us ; and establish Thou the work of our hands upon us; yea, the work of our hands establish Thou it.' On. the motion of the Rav. J. McEwrsr, seconded by Mr. W. Parkis, a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his address was carried by acclamation. 