Dorothy Forster.* B* WAXiTBB Bbsant. ChWTSR JIIL— CHRISTMAS EVE. ? Now I come to tett-of a fortnight of so mueh happiness +W. I can never forget it, or tire of remembering it. livery day— hay, eveiy hour of that happy time, lives still in my mind, though it is how nearly 30 years ago, and I who was 'then 18, am now well nigh 50, and am no more ^beautiful., That matters not, and before long, ifit please merciful Heaven, I shall be beautiful again. ?riiin time was. so happy to me because it changed on admirer into a lover, and a woman who waits for love into a woman who has received love. Call me not an old maid- I pray you, though I am no wedded wife and mother of a husband's children, because I have enjoyed the love of a man and exchanged with him those sweet endear ? ' meats wmcn are innocent ana i&wiui; Between a young man Mid a maid who love each other. She alone is an - old who hath never been wooed ; into whose eves no lover hath gazed to rob her of her heart; whose hands hath - never been pressed ; whose ears bave never listened to the fond exaggerations with which a lover pleads his passion, and tries to tell how great and deep it is, though words fail. But, as for me, I have been loved by many, and have loved one— yea- 1 nave loved him— alas! alas] — with all my heart and with all my soul (yet, 1 hope and pray, with innocency of heart, so that this my passion may not be laid to my charge, for though I loved him well, I loved, or triedio love, my God better. And this, too, I will show you. The time was Christmas. My Lord kept open house at Dilston for his friends and cousins, .as many as chose to come (but he invited Tom and me), and for his , farmers and tenants, and all die poor people aroand, even counting those ol Hexham, so generous he was. During all the lima from Christmas to Candlemas there was nothing but the roasting of beef and the eating of it, with the drinking of ale and every day such amusements as men of all sorts and conditions love, namely, quarter- stall, cudgels, wrest ling, fighting with dogs and cocks, and so forth ; the people of the town s flocking to see them— the gentlemen not ashamed of getting a bloody crown from a rusticohampion ; the xostios proud to prove their mettle before the gentlemen, and delighted to dnnk to them afterwards. A busy and lively time^-the maidsrumrihg about to see the .sho ws, and more eager to witness ^ wrestling match than to do lie dairy ' work ; the grooms talking and playing with; the girle, and ^ no one reproaching them ; no one zealous for won but the 1 cooks and serving-women, who had a hard time of It, poor souls, continually roaatihg, boiling, laying of doths, brmg- ' ingof .meat, -carving; it1' for - huagiy men, parrying,pailfl of ' beer. and pouring it out into the brown jugs with their great . beads of loam. . Yet none grumbled ; the more they seryed Ihe merrier they became. A cook is only happy when shB ie at work; between/whiles she is irritable, short of temper, nn^ utiliii hWidahim at h«r ,]ni Midrib A Ahnrt* ' comings efc scullions. But when ahe is bending over stew pots and griddles she is truly happy. Perhaps , a sense ol ; the bie8singe.ofvp!enty at 6uch times fs felt by her qoul so that, in a way we little regard, she may be lifted upward by the contemplation of a rib or. sirloin with fat and' loan ' In goodly ehojv. I have seen a oook gase upon aleg.of . mutton with tears in her eyes, as one . who hears asweefc , etrain of music, or considers the pioture of .a handsome , . . TTiHft- - ? „ - A giri who goes on si visit to so grand a hoqse as Dilston, amongladies who have lived in London and gWGemenwho know the splendours of a Court, is naturally troubled about her clothes, thinks a great deal beforehand of the fine things she has to show. It would have gone hard with me, wboge frocks were all of country make and most; of rough eoul cheap material (my petticoats for daily wear of homespun), but for the late visit of Lady Crewe. For I had ho pin magey of my own, or 'any allowance from my father, wiib coriflidered that I/now. belonged to Tom and her ladyship.- fortunately l am -cleverwith my needle, and so was my maid Jenny. Tom{ poor fellow, had.nomoney ' to give, because he spent it alliit his amusements; all, 'that is, which he got fromDurham. Besides, most men, though they are careral about their flowered waistcoats and gold ' buckles, seem to that for women brocade grows wild ! on every hedge, and Batin hangs in tolls from every tree. Jfow, before she went away Lady Crewe called me to her room, and then after causing me to be measured, (which showed that we were both of a height), die brought out a ! great parcel of fine things— treasures they seemed to me— . caving kindly, 'Child, the granddaughter of Sir William i Forster, of feamborough, should be able to go as fine as her ! neighbours. Since thy brother loves to nave thee with ' him, it shall be the care of thy mother's sister id see thee | dressed .becomingly on occasion, so that no one, gentle or simple, ^uythinlrffcat a^Foretoris' not as^oofia lAdyBs i any rni the county.' * ' ~ ; ? - ?? * Had it not been for this munificent gift, which came in pudding-time, so to speak,I should have gone to Dilston crying iasteul of laughing, because my petticaats were so short and my bast frock so shabby. Alas! we grow old, end fine things, which onoe set off rosy cheeks aad bright eyes, only serve now to hide the ravages of time. So that, thanks to the kindness of Lady Crewe, I could - reflect without dismay upon the grand dresses of (he Ladies Katharine aud Maty, and though the day on which we rode across the bleak moor to Dilston was eo cold, with driving sleet and a bitter wind, that my horse was led by a boy, and soy face kept ooverod with a hood, my heart was quite warm when I remembered that on one of the cockhorses behind (I was fain to brave the blast in order to look back and see that the animal had not been blown away) were eifely packed my silk-quilted petticcat, altered to fit my waist, end none could tell that it was not new, my French girdle, very pretty, my sable tippet lined withltalian lute-string, my velvet frock, made for Lady Crewe in London by a Court dressmaker, and very cunningly altered for me by Jenny— that girl should have made her fortune in dressmaking — my cambric and laced handkerchiefs, laced tuckers and ruffles, French kid gloves very fine (Tom gave me these, having bought them at Newcastle one day when he rode and won a match of £20 a side), my satin apron, my French d~la- tnode hood, my petticoat and mantua of French brocade, my cherry-coloured stays, end for morning wear my frocks of painted lawn, checkered shade, and watered tabby. As for my headdress, I had considered this important subject with Jenny, and resolved that I would wear (as most suitable for my age and unmarried condition) a low coiffure, with falling lappets, such as Jenny could easily arrange even though the elder ladies should'think fit to appear every day ia high commcdes. I was also happy to the possession of an etui which had been my grandmother's— a vastly pretty thing, with a gold watch, and places for scissors, knife, pencil, ivory tablets, box for thimble, another for aromatic vinegar, and a third for perfume (my favourite was from childhood the same as Lady Crewe's, namelv, bergamot), and a multi tude of pretty old- fashioned things. worked in gold, such as little birdcages, eggs, tiny anchors, and so.forth, and a seal with the family coatof arms and the Forster legend :— Let as dearly then hold ' To mind their worthiness Tbe which our parents old Bath left us to possess. Enough said of a simple girl's finery, though in truth it j made me happy at the time to think that I could stand j among great ladiea and not be ashamed of my homely dress. I Perhaps it makes me happy still (or rather loss sorrowful) to remember the things which caused my. first happiness, i Mr. Hilvard (he came with us) says that a great Italian I poet declares that the memory of past gladness makes more sad the present sorrow. It is presumptuous to set up an opinion against a poet, but this is very certain, that there is one woman to whom all her consolation (excepting always the hope of the future) lies jn the memory of the past. Why is joy, which comes eo rarely and flies so swiftly, given to men except to be a lasting memory and consolation ? The summer ot our North-oountry is short, and the winter is long, yet all the year round we think of the sunshine, and in tbe cold winter eat with gratitude the fruits and harvests of the summer. So should it be with our hours, days, or years of happiness. In the cold winter which follows— love fled, friends deed, fortune lost, pride destroyed— our hearts should be warmed and our pains con soled vith the mete thinking upon the vanished joys, just as I still think upon my stay at Dilston. Shall not an old man comfort himself with thinking of his former strength, and an old woman with the thought of her former beauty ? I myself, being now in middle life and no longer comely, remember with grateful joy that my beauty once gave pleasure to all who looked upon it, loveliness ia woman being, like the gracious sunshine, a gift for all alike, even to those who value it least and are insensible to its de light. To be sure, in those days, I knew nothing of the p'easure which all men feel, rich and poor, young and old alike, though some are more insensible than others, in the contemplation of a lovely woman, so that some have beau tiful faces painted on their snuff-boxes, and do gaze upon . them constantly, even te the wasting of their time aud the troubling of their heads, as the Greek gazed uponand fell in love vitb, end pmed for, his statue, until Venus changed the marble into flesh; though it hath never, been related ] that a miracle was wrought with a snuffbox, and one has - never heard that a painted face has been transformed into a beauteous damsel. Well, Dilston was reached at last, after that cold ride, and you may be sure that Tom bawled lustily for hot mulled ale. We fonnd the castle full of the Radcliffes, and all the i great house astir with guests and servants and preparations for the feast. My expectations proved true. The Ladies'Katharine and Maty were richly dressed indeed, yet with something sombre and nun-like, as was said to oe affected by Madame ' de Maintenon, the French King's wife. The gentlemen were dressed after the plain Northumberland fashion, except the Earl and his two brothers, who, after the manner in which they were brought up, dressel with great richness, even Charles, the youngest— who was not yet at his full height, and only 15 years of age, and wore his own hair tie! behind with a crimson ribbon— had a silk coat, a flowered waistcoat, white silk stockings, and red-heeled shoes. Everybody was so good as to compliment me on the appear ance which T made. Even the ladies kindly said that, though my maid was only a country girl, Bhe had so dressed my hair aB to give it a modish look, and that no one could have looped my frock better, or more becomingly shown a rich petticoat. M It is tbe first Christmas we have spent at home,'' said the EarL ' We must forget none of the old customs of the country. Besides, they are all Catholic customs, which is another reason for keeping them up.' 'Mr. Hilyatd, my Lord,' I Bald, ' will have it that many of these are pagan, though transferred to Catholicism, and long ago adopted by the Church.' He laughed, and called me an obstinate little Puritan. The supper was served in the Great Hall, decked with holly and mistletoe ; a Yule log was blazing upon the hearth; the side-tables were bright with the Radcliffe plate,* and the taMea were covered with Yulecakes, which . are, in the North, shaped like a baby, and Christmas pies in form of a cradle, not to speak of goose pies, ahrid or mince i pies, csrraway cakes, brawn, sirloins, turkeys, capons, bams and gammons, pheasants, partridges, hares, and everything good and fit for man's delight. When all was i ready and . the oompany assembled, they brought in the Boar's head, maids and men following, aulustily singing— ; ? Novell, No well, . Tidings good I have to tell. I ? There were but moderate potations at the supper (but i some of the gentlemen made up for it afterwards) ; and, I when supper was done; die company all left jthe table j together and sat down to cards, which must never -be omit ted oa Christmas Eve, if you never touch a card on any other day. -There was a basset table, and a quadrille table, and a pool of commerce. I played at tha last with my Lord, Charles, and others; and I won twelve shillings, which made me tremble to think what I should have done if I had lost so much.' Indeed, I had not so much as twelve shillings in the world. After the cards we played another game — everybody to say what most he loved and least he liked. In such a history as this it wonld be folly to record how my Lord vowed that most he loved Dorothy's smiles, and most he dreaded Dorothy's frowns. Nevertheless it must be owned that these compliments are pretty things ; they keep up the spirits and courage of a girl, and her good opinion of herself, which is a great thing. Mr. Errington,of Beau front, who was one of the company, said many pleasant things, pretending to be twenty years younger, and to mis take me for my aunt the beautiful Dorothy Forster, whose suitor he had been. Of course 1 knew that he flattered me ; but yet I was pleased. To have such pretty things ? said by so old a man is like the gift of a sweet golden russet of last year in the month of April. As for Charles Bad cliffe, the mad boy swore loudly that he would be Miss Dorothy's knight, and pranced about singing, with gestures like a Frenchman, that Bweet old song : Cbarmante Gabrieile, Perc£ de mille dards, Quand l& gloirc m'appelle A la suite de Uars, CrueUe departie I Malheur eur jour ! Que ne euis je sans vie Oa sans amour ! 'We are in England, Charles,' aaid his brother; 'we are at home, lot us have no French songs.' For eomo of the gentlemen looked dissatisfied. Tha Ian ? Hiring, anfhTom evec~biirfittmta4au^sg at bearing his sister eo praised and complimented, This made me blush far more thin any compliment. One does not expect of a brother the praises and flatteries of a suitor; but, at least, he should not be wholly insensible to a sister's beauty, or laugh at men who praise it. But tlien Tom always loved his gun, bis horse, his dog, and his bottle better than any woman. Presently he went away, with most of the others, to sit over the wine, and there were only left my Lord and bis brothers, the ladies, Mr. Howard, the old priest, tod Mr. Errington ; and these, left to themselves, sat about the fire and told stories suitable to the time of year. Strange, indeed, that man should be so venturesome as to doubt the truth of what hath been most abundantly proved. Yet Lord Derwentwater laughed at the stories of the Northumberland ghosts, for no other reason than that they had no ghosts at St. Germain's. But Mr. Howard, who bad lived in tbe county before, and knew better, shook his brad, and the ladies looked at each other with surprise, aad Mr. Enington solemnly reproved this doubter. ' My Lord,' he said, ' there is not a Northumbrian, man, woman, or child, that believes not in the appearance of ap paritions ; nay, most of ub .have oursslves seen them. You have spent your youth in towns and courts where, to be sure, there is little chance of meeting fairies. When you have learned the savage wildness of the moon, the soli tudes of the woods, and tbe silence of the long winter nights, you wil speedily be converted, and doubt no more. North umberland, without her ghosts and fairies, would be bat half populated.' ' Truly,' said the Earl, ' one ghost, methinks, were as efficacious as a hundred for the conversion of a doubter.' He then spread a cushion on the carpet, and Bator lay upon it at my feet, saying, ' Jn France they call them old wives' tales. Let us hear of our North-country ghosts from young lips. Tell us some of your most frightful, Miss Dorothy.' Thus invited, I was greatly confused ; but, with the as sistance of Mr. Errington, who helped me, and suggested one history after the other, I boldly began upon the stories current among the people, and substantiated by evidence which cannot be denied, videlicet, that of the persons who themselves bave seen the visions and appearances described. The Earl knew nothing. He had been allowed to grow up in ignorance of his native county most astonishing. As for his brother Frank, he already knew something, having perhaps learned (though of this I was then ignorant) of Jenny Lee and of others, being a youth of inquiring mind, who asked questions, it was astonishing to think that a Badcliffe ehonld grow to years of manhood without having heard even of tbe Laidly Worm of Spindleaton Heugh, or (he Seeker of Dunstanburgh, or the fairies brought to Fawdon Hill by the Crusaders, or of King Arthur at Sewingshields, the Monk of Blinkburn, Jeanuie of Hasel rigg, or Meg of Maiden. ' Let us all,' said my Lord, 'go seek in Dunstanburgh, and dig into the earth at Sewingshields. Yet stay, how would King Arthur agree with the Prince, should both return together ? Methinks we must first consult his Highness. Go on, fair story teller.' Then I begem to tell of thicgB more certain; not so encient, and witnessed by people still surviving. Then the two old ladies, who knew better than myself the stories of Northumberland, nodded their head, caught each other by the hands, held their breath, shook forefingers at their nephew, and asked in the pauses between the stories, was there ever before a Badcllfie who had to be taught these things at one-and-twenty P Pretty it was to see how much these ladies thought of their nephew, and bow their kind eyes rested upon him with happiness. Also, while I told my tales, I saw how Frank listened, with large sad eyes, and sighed as if for the mwe pleasure of listening t6 such stories, as one who was for ever, con sidering how to converse with the dwellers of the other world. It was plain that he was ready to believe, aye ! aud , even to see whatever he was fold. Of such are those who most frequently believe spectres, see visions, and have strange dreams. He breathed quickly: he sighed: he looked round as if in the dark depths of the great hall, and among the figures in armour, behind the tapestry, there lurked tbe very shades and appear-aices about which we were speaking. As for old Mr. Errington, he reminded me ot 4his steiy and of that, filled up the details, wagged hi9 bead, and, like the Lady Mary, shook his forefinger at my Lord— the Didymus or Unbeliever. There was als) Mr. Howard, an old man of venerable aspect. He sat with hiB chin upon his hand, less occupied with, the stories than with gazing upon the young Lord of all, as he lay at my feat, the red light of the fire playing upon his face, which was up turned to look upon mine. Simple things, yet terrible, are the omens and appearances in this haunted cranty, I trembled while I told of the ghostly and shadowy hearse which, especially in the winter nights, rolls slowly and silently— an awful thing to see— up and down the roads till it comes to the place where the death is going to happen, end how a farmer once going home from market saw the hearse stop at his own door, and knew that one of his family would die. There were six tall sons, each one strong and brave, and three daughters, each one beautiful ; and there was his wife. Which would be taken ? The rest of that story is enough to convert the greatest scoffer, as well as to turn the sinner to repentance. Then there is the Wauf, or I figure of the person about to die seen by another person. Surely it is a moBt dreadful thing to nave the power of seeing the Wauf, for if one sees it, there arises a doubtful and difficult question : should the person who is to die be told of it, or not ? If he be told of it he may fall into des pair; and if not, then a great opportunity of seeking grace for the sonl is lost. There is also the Brag, which may assume whatever shape it pleases, as a calf, or a bundle of i wood, or a hare, or a rick of hay, or anything which its j tricksy and mischievous imagination may choose, in order to confound and tease a poor man or woman. And then there are the actual ghosts, whose number is in our county legion, such as Jethro Burnet, the miser, who still walks lamenting tbe loss of his money- bags ; the wretch who hanged himself, and hath since found no rest ; the poor girl who was murdered and the man who murdered her ; the former hovers beside the pool wherein she was cast, and the latter site beside the gibbet, at Amble, where he was hanged in chains ; Meg of Maldon, who walks of a night between Maidon and Hartmgton; the poor wretched woman who wanders on Hexham Moor at night, shrieking and crying (at Blanchland she can be heard plainly. any night when the wind is high) because she killed her child with neglact, and now suffers—one knows not for bow long— this misery ; all these things were certainly intended for our admonition and warning. Again; there are the white figures which some times appear to fly from under the foot of the belated tra veller; there is the strange and well-authenticated story of Nelly the Knocker; that of the Ghost. of Silky; that of the fairy changing the little dwarf Hobbiei; now a lad going forth one night to walk with his sweetheart found her changed into the Devil; with many other strange and true Eiories, showing what may be expected and bath already been witnessedin the county. ' ' They listened; as has been told. They looked fearfully about the room. No one thought that in five short years i Dilston Hall itself would be left to deoay, and, in ten years ' more, another monrnfnl figure would be added to the troop i of Northumberland ghosts. I ' This,' said my Lord when I finished, *' is a fitting ! North-country termination of a Christmas feast ; to ait after 1 supper and tell bugbear, tales. Fair narrator ! You have i eo 'well done tout nart that henceforth I TimmiRa ms *1 ' will accept them all. I doubt no longer. If I were to meet Silky hercelf, I should not be surprised. If I heard Nelly the Knocker or saw Meg of Maldon walking in the corridor, or the ghost of my great grandmother ? ' 'Nephew,' said Lady Katharine, gently, ' do notmook; the spirits of our ancestors may be round us at this moment, with our guardian angels. - Vex them not, lest, when we go to join them, they meet us with angry countenance.'' 'Enough of ghosts,' said Mr. Howard; ' To-morrow is Christinas. It is always the time to think about the next world, and sometimes we may, with edification, bear these talcs, which, -true or not, help to keep faith alive ; and these - are times, Master Frank,' he laid his hand upon the boy's ; shoulder, (* when we must rejoice in the present, feast, make oiher people joyfal, and be glad ourselves.' 