ggkftttg' gfctom LADIES' NEWS LE1TER, I From our Ladv ComsDondent.1 London. Anril 25. 1834. Flowers from time immemorial have played a conspicuous part in the history of the world, both political and domestic, and the third anniversary of the late Earl Beaconifield's death afforded us an oppor tunlty of seeing the immense significance that can be made to attach to the simple primrose, regarded as It now is in the light of a symbol of party feeling. 'Primrose day,' as the 19th of April is now called, and the anniver sary of the great Conservative leaders death, was observed in the metropolis with the greatest possible enthusiasm ; nine-tenths of tbe people jou met were wearing the popular badge, and the upholders of our preeent Government must, owing to the demonstration referred to, have felt some doubt as to the chances of re-election on the next dissolution of Parliament. People wore their emblems 'with understanding appreciation,' not as did the obtuse Peter Bell, immortalized by Wordsworth— A primrose on a river's brim A yellow primrose was to him. And it was nothing more. I suppose my readers are generally aware how it came about that this pretty pale flower should be dedicated to the ex- premier. When defeated in the general election which took place only a short time before his decease, Lord Beaconsfield equably said ' Now I can go down to Hughenden and see my primroses ;' the slopes round this charming country residence being covered by the flowers the earl loved best, and therefore roost sedulously cultivated. In London on ' Primrose day' bunches which sold before at a penny a piece were purchased for sixpence. Tradesmen with Conservative tendencies mixed primroses with most incongruous WArefl. Tha niAmAMal cifo.frio rtxnj*n¥Xv orAnfcod in Westminster Abbey was pelted with prim roses continually during the day, and the apace around it was literally knee deep with the same flowers. On the Stock Ex change, I am told, not less than four tons of primroses were displayed, and the florist and flower hawkers gene rally drove a smart trade throughout the day, arid also for many previous ones. The stationers introduced many pretty memorial cards, all exhibiting the authenticated device, and boxes of stationery bearing the same with appropriate mottos were also offered for sale. In one metropolitan church the deco rations consisted wholly of primroses, a de monstration of party feeling quite out of place, I thick ; for all jarring elements and emblems likely to disturb the mind should surely be laid aside when we assemble our selves together to meditate on those things which belong less to time than to eternity. Dinah Maria Mulosh, the authoress of 'John Halifax,' has a new work in the press ; and Onida and Miss Braddon are also eDgaged on novels that will be published during the current year. Miss Lytton, the daughter of the present lord — known also by his literary synonyme, Oven Meredith — and the granddaughter of Sir Edward Bui wer Ljttcn, a girl of about fourteen, has written a ghost story of exceptional ' bloodcurd lirjg interest.' Messrs. Longman & Co. would have published it in the magazine wbi;b bears their name — a proof by the way of ite literary merit, but the length exceeded prescribed llnsita Tne book for the present is circulated only amongst the friends of the faithful Buthorees, who seems likely to prove that literary talents may bs less original than transmitted by direct lineal descent as are the family acres. Many oi our brilliant writers of fiction have goue over to the 'great majority,' and few of late years have been more regretted than Charles Reade, whose work, 'Never Too Late to ftlend,' with its colonial associations, doabtless is well known to my reader;. The same week which saw this veteran writer con signed to the tomb witnessed the sepulture of Mr. J. H. Byron, author of 'Our Boys' and many other amusing burlesques and popular dramas. About seven years ago we hear that Mr. Reide — who was never married — lost a friend who had been his intimate associate for many years. From this domestic bereavement he never wholly recovered. His powers were much weakened, and he presented that most pitiful of all spectacles, the sight of a once vigorous intellect impaired and vitiated by the weight of years and the weakening influ ences of advancing age and consequent bodily infirmities. Amocgst society's 'on dits' is this. Oscar Wjlde, the high priest of sestheticism, is to be married to Miss Constance Lloyd next month. I have been told this lady is tall and fair, but not remarkable for beauty nor in any way demonstrating those especial proclivities out of which her fiancee has made so much capital. I have sometimes fancied Oscar Wylde was ambitious to pose as a second D'Orsey for dress and as a Brummel for fastidiousness. In the latter character the bride-elect will, I fear, have some difficulty in satisfying the ultra refine ments of her husband. £ wonder if he objects to her eating vegetables? Brummel confessed to eating a pea once, and broke off an engagement with a very wealthy and charming girl, his only reason — given in his own words— being that 'the wretch ate cabbage.' Her Majesty had a rough passage crossing the Channel, and since her arrival at Darm stadt has been confined to her room with a rather severe attack of lumbago, but is now convalescent. The suite in attendance is extremely small, and no public demonstra tion was permitted throughout the royal journey. The precautions taken to ensure the Queen's safety all along the line of route were almost exaggerated in their excessive vigilance. On the railway sentinels within sight of each other were stationed, and communication by telegraph was like wise provided in case of need. No alarming or suspicious insident, how ever, transpired to justify the exer cise of so much care and watchfulness. In the letter recently addressed by the Queen to her subjects, thanking them for their sym pathy with her in her late bereavement, and lovalty on all occasions— an epistle, by the way, which has called forth remarks of a strangely diverse character— Her Majesty con cludes the peroration with the initials B. and I. This has as often before given offence to a certain party, who never fail to bring for ward the fact that at the time when against much opposition the title of Empress was be stowed on our sovereign, it was understood to be merely adopted to gratify the feelings of the Orientals, and was never intended to be used as an affix to any paper or document which solely and purely related to or were connected with this country's affairs. A curious story is going the round of court circles, and is given as the reason which induced Her Majesty, at the latest DOssible moment, to alter the arrangements for her son's funeral. The story must be taken for what it is worth. This is what report says : — A short time before his death the Duke of Albany was dancing with an intimate friend, a lady of Danish birth, great beauty, and tbe wife of an Wnglfoti peer. She rallied him on a certain melancholy abstrac tion that possessed him, and for answer Is said to have received the statement that his partner's sister Alice had visited him in the night and warned him of approaching trial, but bidding him not to trouble, for all would be welL In case of the fulfilment of this supernatural information, I should wish, said the fore-doomed, to have a mili tary funeral. When the duke's unex pected death occurred, and the arrange ments for his sepulture had been already decided upon, the lady confided the story to a high court official, in consequence of which communication the entire plans laid down were at the very last moment set aside. True or false, so the story goes. The Duchess of Edinburgh was delivered of a daughter (the fourth) early on Sunday morning. This makes the fifth child of the duke, whois still abroad. This is the nineteenth living grandchild of Her Majesty the Queen. Much surprise has been occasioned in aristocratic circles, nor curiously so. by the fact that the Duke of Beaufort should invite the somewhat notorious burlesque-actress Connie Gilchrist to stay at Badminton. The duchess must have seconded the proposal, for she was seen driving her guest over to the race-meeting on more than one occasion. The accouchement of the Duchess of Albany is not expected before August. Her mother, tbe Princess of Waldeck and Pyr mont, will remain with her widowed daughter for some weeks, and when she leaves the Princess Christian will probably pay a long visit to her sister-in- law. Many curious surmises have been raised to account for the poverty which the recently published correspondence of tbe late Princess Alice shows to have crippled the Queen's daughter and her husband, the Grand Duke of Hesse, durinff the earlier n.nd m it aniini also during some of the later years of their marriedlife. Howtbls should have come about, considering how frugal Germans are, is inex plicable. On her marriage the princess re ceived a dowry of £30,000 down, and an annuity of £6,000 a year, yet the pecuniary embarrassments that harassed the royal lady seem to have been of a kind that no daughter of England's Queen should have participated in. In her letters Princess Alice says that their dining-room is so small and stuffy that they cannot entertain visitors therein, and the expense of showing hospi tality to some distinguished foreigners, en voyage, teems to have caused the duchess serious anxiety. The Queen sent the money to defray the expenses incidental on the birth of the first child; and we hear that an Invita tion to visit her mother was declined on the score that the princess could not afford the cost of the journey. The salary of a properly qualified gover ness could not be provided, so the princess says she Juta been herself obliged to supply the deficiency. Altogether the life of the Grand Duchess of Hesse does not seem to have been free from those sordid cans which we are apt to fancy never oppress persons of rank and station. IitauedKoisingtonPalaoe yesterday, the birthplace of our Qaeen, and for many yean the home of the Princess Mary of Cambridge and the Duke of Teck, who, sorely embarrassed for lack of worldly dross, have been driven from England, and are now living on a mere pittance in a foreign land. The circumstances of the Princess Frederica of Hanover and her husband at Hampton Court Palace are bat a little re moved from actual poverty. The revised version of the Old Testament is to be completed by the end of the summer. The popularity of the revised version of the New Testament was not sustained, and very few copies are to be seen now in private houses, nor in the booksellers' shops either. The health of both the Emperor and Em press of Germany seems to be in a precarious condition. Tbe Empress, it is said, cannot possibly survive many weeks. The Crown Prince and bis wife, our Princess Royal, will in all probability shortly find them selves the possessors of the Imperial throne. The mother of the Duchess of Connaught, as I stated before, has re turned to her husband's roof, but it is only on state occasions they meet, and then only at table. A separate staircase has been arranged to prevent chance encounters. The royal wedding at Darmstadt is to come off next Wednesday. Her Maj arty has inspected the wedding gifts already received, many of those sent from this country being excessively costly. I hear the snow is falling and the country around Darmstadt looking unusually desolate, the cold being intense. The Queen, who seems perfectly impervious to cold, however , takes long drives daily regardless or untoward weather. 