ALL SAINTS' SCHOOL. Thb desirability of having a Sunday school in connection with All Saints' Church, Brisbane, resulted in, a determination to proceed at once with the erection of the school, the foundation ceremony of which was performed on Tuesday. Ihe school will bo a stone edifhe, and of a pleasing and substantial kind. The Lord Bishop of the diocese kindly contented to per form the ceremony. Already over £100 has been promised and subscribed towards the funds, and the ceremony of Tuesday will considerably increase that amount, and there is reason to expect from the hearty co-operation manifested that the necessary funds will soon be forthcoming. At half past 4 o'clock in the afternoon the site of the new sohool was quite lively and picturesque with as influential a concourse of people as ever graced any similar occasion The following clergy were present: -The Right Rev. Mathew Bale, D.D., Bishop of tho Diocese |, the Yen. Archdeacon Glennie, and the Revs. S. 0. Spicer, D. A. Court, Eanga'oo Point j T. Jones, Toowoomba? W.. Morris, Bundaberg; Herbert Guinness. "Valley j 0. W. Houlbrook, Toowong j J. Southey, Lutwjche; J. W. Henry, Gympie; Henry Campbell, Allora; and J. Richards, Warwick. According to the rules of'the Church of England, the ceremony commenced iu the church. After singing the processional bymn fitting to the occasion, tbe company proceeded from the church to the site of the school, which is in close proximity to the church. Mr. J. B Stanley, in the name of the churchwardens, presented a beautiful silver trowel, of an ecclesiastical pattern, and which was quite in keeping with the occasion it would be used for. The bishop, in accepting the trowel, eaid he would perform the ceremony with great plea sure indeed, and thanked Mr. Stanley for the gift. The stone was then declared to be well and truly laid by his Lordship. The secretary then read a copy of the inscription on the parchment which bad been placed in a sealed bottle underneath tho stone, and which was as follows: —11 In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.* Amen. This foun dation stone of All Saints was laid ou the i6th August, 1884, by the Lord Hi- hop of Brisbane, Mathew Blagden . Hale, D D, in the pre sence of & number of clergy and laity Tho Rev. Christopher Gerard Robinson, A.M.', being the rector, and the Rev. Edward Clark Spicer, M. A, locum tenens. Wardens: Joseph Bird Stanley, Walter Barrett. Build ing Committee: The Hon. J. R Dickson, B. D. Neilson, J. B. Stanley, Walter Barrett, E A. Cross, A. M. Williams, J. O'Connor, Rev. B. 0. Spicer, M.A. ($«i script).-To the glory of God and in the hope that true religion and useful learning may be established among us for all generations." The Lord Bishop, in address ing the assembly, eaid be was expected to say a few words to tbem. He was just recovering from a very severe cold and therefore oould not address them at any length. The advisability of having a Sunday echool in close proximity to the church was evident, as the clergyman would be better able to concentrate his atten tion to the education of the young. Ho was extremely glad that the erection of tbe Sunday school had been commenced and hoped it would bo completed as soon as possible and be a blessing in tho parish to old and youDg. Mr. Stanlby said the Hon. J. R. Dickson had been anxious to be present on that oc casion, but he had been prevented on account of a very important sitting of the House of Assembly that day. He had, however, ex pressed his approval of the building, and had promised a donation of £50. The Bov.T. Jokbb (Toowoomba) eaid he had spent over twelve jears of his life in All Saints parish. The welfare of that parish had therefore a peculiar interest to him. The pcoplo in it had been kind and generous, and always willing lo lend a helping hand. Tho education of tho young was a very important mission of the ohurch, and he would bo an unfaithful priest who did not dfceiro tho prosperity of tho Sunday school. Ho thought that such buiidirgs ought not to .be much inferior to the buildings in the world of commerce or thoso dovotcd to tbe secular education of tho young. He hoped tho building would forward tho unfoldment of the moral and spiritual man. Rov. K. 0. Spicbb,M^A., desired to say a few. words. It would be noticod (hut the uuma of the school was not the All bainta Sunday School, but simply tho All Saints School, "his had bceu done witli tho hope that suun day it would bo used for the education of the vouug through tho wcok. Thoao who could look ahead had srid that tho system of secular, education of tho young now "I™*™" n®1. efficient or fair. It was unjust that tho State should be culled upon to givo freo education to all classes of children, lie only hoped that Ihe avatsrn of education winch ^ two of the greatest ' nieu in ' Australia, tk., Bishops Uarrv and Moorhjuse, had advocated should be carried out He could not help con gratulftting Queensland on tho nuturn of her annual nrnivri. lier people hud . flocked to SCO tho products of the land, while the aomul carnival of Melbourne was her race mooting, which he thought was one of the rafting of idl public gathering. Ho look d forward to tbu usefulness of that school v ith muoh assurance, and hoped soon to lee it com pleted. After the singing of a hyinn the cere mony wee brought to a close. A sale of work then took place in the parsonage, and in the evening a tea and musical soiree, followed by a magic lantern entertain ment, was held in the Protestant Hall, which wae largely patronised. 