St. George's Church. B >th churcliin n .m l non-churchman will he pleased to know tint another step has been taken towards tlm completion of St. George's Church, aud it is to be hoped now that the good work is proceeding so satisfactorily that efforts will be made to put the church in a complete state. TIIE MUST CHPCi'll. Before the Church of Kngland could boast of a structure of any sort, and, in fact, before any place of worship was erected in Gawler, the Rev. Cinon Coombs used to conduct services iu a room in the old Victoria Mill, aud then an old store was used, but this was afterwards burned down. The idea of erecting a church assumed tangible pro- portions in the yew 1S17, when the first foundation st^ne was laid by Governor Robe, and it was quickly run up, and opened for public worship a few months afterwards. Gawler was at this time in its infancy, for the first church was established just about eight years after the foundation of the town. The church, too, was not large, for Bishop Broughton was Bishop of all Australia. THE SECOND CHURCH. I'imes change, and Gawler changed too, assuming as it did the importance appertaining to a busy township, and with the development that was everywhere noticeable, it was but natural that the Canon and those associated with him should wish to see a church erected more in keeping with the growing importance of the town. Accordingly, after the usual preliminaries, the second foundation stone was laid in 185S, and six years after Easter Sunday, 1S64, saw the present substantial and neat structure opened for public worship. This certainly was a great advancement, but it was wellknown the work was not nearly completed, and so during the pist few months efforts have beeu ma le to add the finishing touches to the work begun so long ago. Accordingly THE THIRD STAGE Was reached yesterday, when the foundation stone of the new transept aud chancel was laid by Mrs. Kennion iu the presence of a large concourse of people. The result is due to the liberality of friends, not simply confined to the Church of Euglaud, as there are many who would for the Canon's sake be pleased to see the church completed. The alterations and additions being made are as follows :—'The plan of the building consists of north and south transepts, chancel, and choir. The vestries for the clergy and the choir, with the organ chamber, are placed in the south transept. The total number of sittings are for 501 adults, comprising the seats in tbe nave, north transept, west gallery, and choir, which is arranged for 24 choiristers. The floor of north transept, vestries, and organ chamber wiil be on the same level as the nave. The chancel floor is 1 foot above nave floor, the floor of sacrarium will be 1 foot higher, whilst the altar pace is raised . 6 inches above this. The arch at the east end of the present nave will be removed and a larger arch will be erected in its place. The entrance to the north transept is by a deeply recessed porch, the doors opening outwards. The door to the organ chamber and vestries is situated on the east side of south transept. The east window is of three lights, having bold muflions, the interior of which are enriched by shafts having molded caps, bands, and bases. The arches above are further enriched by elaborate moldings. There are two single light windows, with bold sexfoil window above, in the gables to the north and south transept. The gable at east end will be surmounted by a handsome foliated stone cross. The chancel roof is of a thoroughly ecclesiastical character, and has molded and chamford curved principals, hammer beams, &c..; springing from stone corbels, having molded caps, bases, aud carved brackets. The curved principals are treated with cusping, having the spandrels filled in with piercings of an early character. The roofing to transepts is similar, but not so elaborately treated. The work is designed in the early English style-of architecture, and has been treated in a bold vigorous manner, but not to such an extent as to form too greit a contrast with the present building. The works throughout have been designed and are being carried out under the superintendence of Mr. R. Garlick Hoi well, architect, of Adelaide. Mr. P. E, Payne, of Adelaide, is the contractor; the amount of the tender bein<* £1,778 It is confidently expected that the committe will be enabled to complete the building in its entirety by carrying out the erection of the tower, and a sketch has been prepared, and is unanimously approved of. It is proposed to carry up the tower in three stages. The first or ground floor is already commenced. The second stage, in which is the ringing chamber, will have two single light windows, with double splayed jambs and trefoil cusped arches, hiving m ilded label over, to three sides of the tower. The entrance to the ringing chamber will be from the west gallery of nave. The buttresses are slightly set back, and the angles of tower at this stage are for the full height treated with angle shafts, having foliated and molded caps and molded bands and bases. The division between the second and third stage is marked by a bold string mold and splayed course. The opeuings to the belfry (which is at this stage) are ou each side of the tower, composed of three single lights, with donbled-splayed deeply-recessed jambs and arches, with:-molded string at pringing of arch, and moulded label over, he openings are filled in with louvres. The uttresses at this stage die into the face of he tower, the angles of which are taken up with a slight projection from the face of portion of tower, and the whole inished with a trefoil corbel table, having ichly molded corbels under, which carries a oldly molded cornice, and finished with a tepped parapet, surmounted by a hipped roof, having an ornamental wrought iron finial, &c.; The ceremony took place at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and the Bishop aud Mrs. Kennion, Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Rev. Rawstone (Bishop's chaplain), Rev. Canon Coombs, and the officers of the church, followed by the choir singing, " Onward Christian Soldiers," marched from the church to the stone, when prayers were said by the Bishop, who afterwards read the 122nd Psalm. The Rev. Canon Coombs then handed a silver trowel to Mrs. Kennion, and that lady said " In the name of Jesus Christ we place this foundation stone to the name of G.>d the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." Cation Coombs then gave out the hymn, "Thfe Lord of Hosts whose glory fills," after which tbe Bishop offered a dedicatory prayer. He prayed that God would succour and protect the builders that the work might be brought to a happy end. The trowel was of a very neat pattern, and was manufactured by Mr. R. Snellgrove, and the inscription upon it was as follows .-—" Presented to Mrs. Kennion on her laying the foundation stone of N. E. transept, St. George's, Gawler, Dec. 4, 18S4." Underneath the stone was placed two bottlfcs, one containing copies of the Re,jixU>.r, Adi'i-r/tnnr, Standard, and Bunyip together with the usual documents, and the other containe-1 the document taken from the foundation stone of the old church. Canon COOMIW then said—Dear Madam, My Lord, Ladies, aud Gentlemen—We have to thauk j ou for your presence here to-day, especially Mrs. Kennion, whom we have invited in recognition of woman's work in the Church of God ; aud not only iu this particular act which she has performed, but in all those works in which she leads churchwomen of this diocese. It was needles3 to say that an occasion like the presentjcalls up innumerable memories. There are few here who stood together when the foundation-stone was first laid in 1847, and there is perhaps a certain historic interest attached to that stone as laid by their good and excellent Governor Robe, but the church itself, as most of them were aware, had beeu connected A'ith this place from a very early perio-.l. It was certainly the first Church of Euglaud north of Adelaide—lie" had almost said the first place of worship. It had served its day and generation, and had now crumbled to ruin, and was being replaced by what would certainly be a nobler and better structure. As a church it possessed at least this interest, more particularly to members of the Church <>f England, that in connection with the incumbents the original churches of Riverton, Clare, Ivapunda, Hamilton, Lymloch Valley, and though last, not least, Salisbury, have been more or less connected with this place. They hoped to the youth that this would lie a day of many interesting memories, in that they would be able to say they were at the foundation stone laying of the St. George's Church. Dean I'rssicix expressed the gladness of heart he felt that day in that they were about to complete the good work whieli they had begun so long ago. It was their lot in a cnuitry like this to he surrounded by many who did not hold to their creed, but that was a mongrel form of churchmanship that consisted in hating aud despising dis- senters. On the other baud it was a spurious form of religion which denied them tbe right to claim their proper position as representing the historical Christianity of England iu this Australian community. Let them be faithful to their own doctrine and their own position with a charity to all who differed from them, which would best be crowned by tolerating even those who declined to tolerate them. He trusted this work would be carried on in a right spirit, and that there might be another happy day in celebrating its opening. Bishop KENNION thought under that warm sky it would not be advisable to say much, but he would like to remind them that they had gathered there to seek God's blessing on the work which he trusted had been undertaken for the furtherance of His glory. They had been engaged in a religious service, and those who remembered the occasion of their coming there would surely consider it was right to invoke the Divine blessiug upon the work now being carried out. Anyone coming in as he came, at a later stage in the developement of church life in this colony, could not but contrast what they saw now with what must have been seen iu the early days by those who had just spoken. He had seen a sketch of their church when it was first completed, and the contrast between that and the one now was very great indeed. He took it as an illustration of the growth of Christ's church throughout the world ; indeed they might take it as an indication of the growth of any living power. The growth of a colony began with small i parts and small means, but it ripened until at last those who were privileged to partake of its usefulness could hardly recognise it as that which began in such a small way. But thinking of it as the growth of the Church of Christ, he noticed first, that in spite of many changes, it still remained the same. The building which would look so different from the first was after all but the growth and the outcome of that which they laid in small beginnings. The church did not change. Her faith, her creed, ber principles mauiiest the same teaching which had been hers all along. There might be changes in appearance, but still she was marked by that unity which he trusted they would ever preserve, and consequently, although there was union, there must be progress ; they could not stand still. They could not expect the habits and customs of the primitive ages to limit thein in their work, and iu all they did in the nineteenth century. They could not expect the nineteenth century to put on as it were the habit of tbe fourth century. There must be continual progress, but to progress did not mean to depart from old truth ; and while they did progress, and while there might be large comprehension, stiil he hoped in that comprehension there would be no loss of that strong helpful bond of faith which linked them to the past, aud in which they still found their present hope and their best love, for love and hope aud faith were closely knit together, and if they were to be men of hope in one another, and if tbey were to exhibit that love to one another which the Dean spoke of, he took it they would be best able to do so by being men and women of faith ; therefore, he trusted the faith which had been taught in the church from the old foundation would not be changed in its character. He trusted those principles would grow and increase, so that they might all become worthy stones of the living temple, and that they might rise tier by tier and story by story until there was erectcd that in which the great Divine Architect takes most supreme pleasure in, viz., the church and the people built up in the name of His own dear Son. Archdeacon MARRYAT thought that "was a day of complete congratulate n. That day they stood in peculiar circumstances, because almost in one generation that was the third foundation stone that had been iaid in that church. He trusted that might be a type of the progress they would make, and that they might go ou singing "Onward, Christion Soldiers." Offerings were then laid upon the stone. The choir then sang another hymn, and the Bishop pronounced the benediction, which closed the proceedings. A confirmation service was held by the Bishop in the evening, when 12 persons were confirmed, the building being crowded to excess. 