HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. ? JLtrESDAT, August 19. The Speaker tcok the Chair at 2 o'clock. ABOTJTTOK OT? CTT«CTr»n?o lurther petitions were received from C ?:- porations and District Councils against t .0 abolition of grants-in-aid. STOCKPORT SCHOOLHOUSE. Mr. BASEDOW- HavB tenrf™ !,.,„ received ior a scnooiaouse at Stockpcn... ? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC VOfiKS— I am not quite sure whether :ndera were received yesterday, but they ave been advertised for, and I believe they rere to have been Bent in then. NEWSPAPERS TO SILVERTON. Mr. CALDWELL-Is it a fact that the 'ostal Department is carrying the New South Vales newspapers to Sivertonfree of charge! The CHIEi? SECRETARY— All New outh Wales newspapers posted in South Liistralia addressed to Silverton are subject 0 South Australian postage, but newspapers nd letters received in closed mailfl from few South Wales for Silverton are delivered ?ee under arrangement between t'ae colonies. he Governments of the other colonies carry :ailbags for this colony free under similar ircumstances. MUNICIPAL GR ANTS I¥- AID, Mr. BRAY— Will the Government iutro uce a Bill to regulate and limit the grants l-aid to be paid to C01 porations end Disfaict !ouncUs ? The COMMISSIONER of CROWN ANDS— Yes. THE DISPUTED BOUNDARY. Mr. BAGOT— Has the attention of the tovernment been drawn to the fact that a ase was lately tried in the Local Court at lount Gambier, between a resident in Sput,h Australia and a resident npon the territory a dispute between Victoria and South Aus ralia, on the eastern boundary of this colony, phich was dismissed by the presiding Magi trate, on the ground that the Court had no orisdiction ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL— A report tas been received from the Special Magi trate, from which it does not appear to have ieen clearly established at the trial tuat the lefendant was a resident on the disputed »iece of land. The litigation is still pending, . new trial having been applied for. BRIDGE ON THE NATRNE LINE. Mr. HOWE (for Mr. Coglik)— What is the Government paying per ton to the contractors or the wrought and cast iron bridge erected m the Nairne Railway? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC IVORKS — The wrought iron, works cost SO per ton, and the casu iron work £24. DESTITUTE COMMISSION. Mr. BAGSTER-When may the Destitute Commission be expected to report ? The CHIEF SECRETARY— The Commis lion intend shortly to send up p. second pro -,ces3 repoit on certain matters on which their :rquiries are completed, but it is impossible it present to fix a dite at which the final ?epoit will be ready. ENCOUNTER BA? BOUNDARIES BILL. Head a third time and passed. PORT AUGUSTA WHARFS BILL. Report of Committee adopted; third ?eadine fixed for next day. PASTORAL LEASES BELL. Introduced and read a firs!; tune, the second reading being fixed for Thursday. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved for e^ve to introduce 'A Bill for an Act to ur.end the la w relating to the liability of em ployers to compensate workmen for personal riuries suffered in their service.'1 The louse would undoubtedly recognise the ?eceEaity of legislation on this impoiL.nt lubjeci;. This Bill was founded on an Act id spied by the New South Wales Legis ature so late as 18S2, that bein^ chiefly ramed on the provn'.ons of the Initial Act. ELe recognised on this important matter ihere were two great interests involved, and -here was a great deal to be said on both sides. The GovernmenS had done every thing to meet all that each side was entitled to ask, ard would be glad to consider iu Com mittee any suggestions made on the Bill. Introduced and read a first time, the iecond reading being fixed for Tuesday. DISTILLATION BILL. The TBEASURER moved the House wi.a nual form into Committee to take rato con iideration the law relating to distillation. Hear, hear.) The Committee should take that as a formal matter and save debate on the subject. The Bill wa' to enable them to carry ou!. the ffork connected with the Cus toms Department of Distillation with greater certainty &Md; freedom than at present, and the scope of distillation was en larged. Thev proposed to take powers by which all South Australian product'! could be util?^ed for purposes of distillation. That had been promised for many years, and their predecessors in office purposed intro ducing a similar Bill to that if they had remained in office. They had made one oj two slight alterations in it, which he would point out at the proper time. The Committee jpai'cdtheusualrc:olut?cn, and the Bill was introduced and read a firat t'me, the second reading being fixed for Thursday, August 28. THE BUDGET. Resumed debate. *The Hon. j. C BRAY congratulated the Treasurer on the manner in which he deli vered his Budget speech— a speech almosi perfect, and which would have been quite so if he had omitted nil reference to fibres. (Laughter.) As far as the figures were con ceraed he did not give them any explanation or attempt to account for the deficiency t e balance-sheet showed. (Hear, hear.) He would refer f -st to the question of the ex cesses which had been so often alluded to bv the Government, and on which the late Treasurer had not been correctly quoted. When members of the Ministry got up to criticise statements made by former Ministers, the least they could do would be to be correct in their quotations, and rot to mislead the House and the country by putting into the mouths of their predeces sors words they had never used. (Hear, hear.) When the Chief Secretary referred to the policy of the late Government he said, 'I regret also to find that the excesses on votes have been much larger than was anticipated. On February 27 Mr. Glyde said be ' expected to have excesses on votes of £25,000. Now the amount to-day is £150,COO.' Mr. Gljde did not say this. Mr. King asked him a question as to excesses, and lie replied that he ' could not give the hon. member the whole of the informa tion he wanted. He might say, howeve*, that up to the present time they were not above ±25,000.' This was the statement of the late Treasurer ; and lie never said that he expected that at the end of the year he wor-ld nave £25,000 of excess. Then the Chief Secre tary said in effect, with an innocentmannerthat would do credit to the newest of new mem bers—' If the excesses in ei^ht months amount to £25,000, how much ought they amount to in a year.' There was no justification for any large amount of excesses during the first six mouths of any financial year, and it was always towards the close of the year that the excess.es occurred. He was sorry the return of excesses asked for by Mr. King b*d not been laid on the table. It would have given more detailed information. The late Trea surer was a careiul man, and he would have satisfied himself of what was the amount of the excesses before he made the statement which had been referred to. (Hsar, bear.) Then Ja3t year there were no Supplementary Estimates,' and that fact would lead any thoughtful man to imagine that there must be more than usual in the way of excesses. (Hear, hear } The Parliament sat until February 28 of this vear. They were behind to have an election almost imme diately, and ifc would have been the height of folly on the part of the Government to bring do an the Supplementary Estimates unless they proposed to postpone the election for two months or so, wb'.cn of course they were not likely to do. (Hear, hear.) Although fctrictly, as a general rule, perhapi, there ought not to be excesses and unex pended balances, and so on, the real question to be considered now was—' Can the excesses be justified?' Looking at the fi»ores3 he =was struck by an interesting coincidence. There was in excesses last year £144,000, and singularly enough in one year in which the present Chief Secretary held office before they were about €l,0C0 more. (Laughter.) That was ra-her odd— the more so when it was added that in that year Mr. Colton had Supplementary Estimates aa welL (Hear, hear.) And after all, it must be remembered that these excesses were to some extent a maL.er of bookkeeping. Upon the same lines in the same year there were both excesses ard savings. The Treasurer, speaking of the last year's excesses of tbe Government, made the general statement that some of them could be and that some could not be justi aed. He was asked to came one, and tie said he would, but still did notindi :ate a single line on which an unjustified Excess appeared. (Hear, hear.) What did they find upon a comparison of the hues in bbe Appendices to the Estimates showing the LxceEses of the last Government; Fint of all as to the causes of these excesses, the colony then is now was in a very depressed state, and it was the policy of the Government to push on ril necessary works as soon as possible. (Hear, hear.) Of the £144,000 excesses, £17,823 waa paid to Corporations and District Councua as &rant; in aid. Not a member of the House would stand up and eay that that should not have been spent The House last year pledged self to give a pound for pound' subsidy to iese bodies, and the Government were bound \- pay that sum. (Hear, hear.) An excess of r,359 appeared on certain railways, but ; the same time there was against that a iving of £11,586 in unexpended balances 1 other railway matters. That meant that le railway authorities had provided £11,OCO tore than they extended for certain orks, and spent on other railway orks £7,000 more than they provided for. he lines muBt be freely worked. The loney was all needed, and it would be noted lat fiie excesses were upon the best paying nes in the country. Though there waa an ccess in ' Survey and Crown Lands,' there as also a saving ; and as to the £7,441 ir retiring allowances, the Government ere absolutely bound to pay the retiring ivil servants and the representatives of ivil servants dying, the amounts they raid legally claim. (Hear, hear.) The ublic works excesses ranged from los. for road near Port MacDonnell to £1,500 -r purchase of land on Torrens Island. He istinctly challenged the Treasurer to point ) one of those amounts which was not pro erly expended. There was an excess of £8,604 -r inscribing stock at the London bankers, his did not in any way improve the ordi ary revenue of the country, but the stock as inscribed because through its inscription e could get more for it, and so the amount as paid out of the revenue to asisst our oan Find. It might properly have been barged to loan, but its expenditure certainly juld be justified. (Hear, hear.) There waa a excess of £8,000 on the Government Print lg Office. When the,Estimates came down ist year there was strong pressure brought \- bear upon the Government to reduce le lines. This partical_r vote was less ist year than the year before, and the rovernment told the House this ; but said bey would do their best with the money, lut the work of the office waa constantly lcreasing, members were— very properly— aving large numbers of papers printed, nd these Deaides being_ circulated through lie colony were swelling the Blue-books, rhich last year amounted to five volumes. Ilia money was well spent, and it hould be recollected that tne Government 'rinting Office had a large revenue charged 0 the other departments. If the printing rere done outside it would have to be paid or some other way. Certainly, the Trea urer could not prove that there was any mproper excess on this line. (Hear, hear.) Lnd again on the general question, it would ave been exceedingly improper for the late Treasurer to have said that the excesses rould not exceed £25,000, but he had said otbing of the kind. He would refer to the stimates of .the revenue and expenditure he Treasurer brought down. As far as the ormer went he had estimated as much aa re could reasonably espect, perhaps some hing more. Last year the Customs realized 550,000. The late Treasurer expected in February last £630,000, and earlier in July :670,000. The present Chief Secretary told he late Treasurer that he hadput it down too dw. (The Chief Secretary— 'I thought bo.') le was glad to hear it. Even the Chief Secretary made a mistake occasionally. The Treasurer— ' Certainly.') It waa a ery candid admission on the part of the rovernment, l»ut they all knew it. Laughter.) The late Treasurer honestly xpected the revenue he estimated, and the iroof was that the then Opposition told him ^at he was ondei' ? estimating it. The Measurer said a large portion of the oss was owing to the fact that the New iocth Wales Convention was terminated. A reat deal was to be said before we entered ato a similar Convention a-za;n. (Tha Measurer — ' We won't.') The hon. geutle oan eaid the Government were trying to dopt a different plan, that an account herald be taken of the goods sent into tew South Wa'cs and those received nto South Australia, and the difference paid o New South Wales. That had been sug ;ested to the late Government by the Collec or of Customs, and he personally proposed ifc othe Sydney Government when attending be Convention in December last. That Government absolutely declined to enter nto a Convention on any terms what iver. The reason was that they were pro josing an alteration of to'inv and pending his they felt that it was- undesirable to enter nto any negotiation for a Convention. That ilteration bad been abandoned, but he saw io reason why they should not carry rat the suggestion of the late Government, ind adopted by the present Government, during the three years of the Convention, we }Jd New Soqth Wales £47,500 a year for the ri^ht of sending our goods into that colony without duty, and we realized 3. net !033 luring the three yeata of £13,881. It was not voith our wlile to go on with a matter ivhich bad been proved to result in a oss like that. He was anxious to sake a Convention, but it must be sn fair terms. We had no desire to Bake anything out of i*, but simply to put ;he two colonies on a fair footing. Neitner ;olony should try to ger the better of the )ther. As to the cash deficit of £136^000, why did not the Treasurer make it a little !efe? The Minister of Education said m June 15 he had a credit balance in respect to the Northern Territory jf £16,000, and yet last year we exosctclto receive £36,000 from the Northern lerritory. W.hy did not the Treasurer, by a stroke of bis pen, transfer the £16,0C0 as against the E14O,0C0 which the Territory owed ? Was it to make the accounts of the late Government look £16,000 worse off instead of £16,000 better ! Me would not put it in the Ia3t year's accounts because the late Government would get the credit of it. It was a gross aeglect of duty by the Government in neglect ing to transfer that £16,0C - ca3h in hand in part payment to South Australia, What Evould be thought of a business man who bcld over a large balance in that way? Did the Treasurer admit that he had made a blvnder? (The Treasurer — 'I don't admit inytbing of the kind.') The Treasurer ad mitted nothing. The Chief Secretary did idmit a mistake. (The Treasure*- — 'Snonld be sorry to make as many mistakes as you iiave.') The deficit was referred to in a tray rot qrite worthy of the Treasurer of this country. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer spoke jf avoiding disaster ; but he had notDointed jut the way in which to avoid iS. Tne defi ciency was noS anj chittg to be alarmed about, is those hon. members knew who were ac quainted with the causes of the deficiency, which the Tieasurer did not attempt to indi cate. He said thexs causes were to some extent the falling-off in the Customs, but mainly the alteration in the lind laws, by which thereveaue from that source w--t targelv decreased. If the revenue from tut land laws had been equal to the average of the previous four years from 187S it would have increased the revenue by £489,000, and have Iett no deficiency. During the last tv70 years the revenue from the land was £656,187. During the previous two years it was £1,188,770; and dnring the taro years before that £1,000,940. Of course bad seasons had contributed to the deficiency ; but he d?d say that in no country in theworld could they rcake such a change as was made without an important effect beis.^ produced on the finances of the country. So far as the falling ofi in the Customs was concerned there was no doubt that that pointed to the fact that considerable depression had existed through opt the country, and in addition- that a con siderable excess of importation had taken place in the preceding yea*.. This give them reason to suppose that the Customs would be fair!} buoyant for the next few years ; and he thought they might expect that the Cus toniB would produce the amount set down in the estimate of revenue. He did not propose to go through each of these items ; but so far aa the revenue from railways was concerned he thought it had been put down at too low aa anrount. He believed that the railways would pro duce £650,000 during the present year with the extensions constructed; and they kceT' there was a large quantity of wheat and other produce that had cot gone to the beiboard which was going over the railways now, at the dullest time of the year. From June 18 to August 2 this year the receipt from railways was £58,000 as compared with £l5,CD0,the amount for the same period of last year. Thus in four weeks the railway revenue this year had increased to the extent of £13,000. They could cot expect that to be kept up. If it * erekeptup the revenue from railways during the y err would be over £700,000; but they might expect that it would be continued for seme little tin.e. With fair seasons they might, he thought, reckon on getting £650,000 from the railways instead of the £605-G J3, as stated by the Treasurer. With regara to the rosta«3, he thought tbat line was under estimated, because they had still got the postage on newspar^ers, and they might reasonably expscS tne same increase this year aa took place last year. The Tieasurer was right in saying he anticipated the same amount from land this year as last and. with tbe exception of the railways, the Estimates of revenue were about correct. But in the estimate of expenditure there waa an importnt difference. The railways were considerable under-estimated- and ' the Government had sot provided tor the acpenditure of the p.^sent year. Tha Estimates before them would result in a very arge excess — (Mr. King — 'Must doO ? -ecauBe it was impossible the work of the icuntry could be carried on at the expense itated. flf there waa one strong thing the Government started with, it was this, that ihey were goin» for railway surveys and for ?ailways throughout the colony, and yet they mdput down for survevs or new lines of ?ailway £4,000, when they actually expended ffi.COOlaatyear. Why was this? (The Chief secretary— 'It is to come out of loans.') Che p^lan had been to take this amount in the irat instance from the revenue, and after rards to recoup the revenue in respect of it rom the loans. It was a' small amount, but t was important, because it seemed to cast a loubt on the intention of the Government to arry out the surveys they announced to the louse. The amount for working expenses if the railways was £407,000 against £370,000, he actual expenditure for last year. Last year ;he Chief Secretary told them they were pro riding far too much, and now there was this ncrease. (The Commissioner of Public iVorks— ' More lines.') With regard to the legislature they were asked to vote this year a,O0O less for electoral expenses than was i£ual. ands he would point out that at he beginning of the next year there vould be an election for the members -f the Legislative Councfi. He contended hat that item was not sufficiently provided or, and that there must inevitably be an ixcess upon it. On the Botanic Gardens here waa an apparent saving of £500 for vater. It was before agreed that the Botanic Saidens should pay £1,009 a year for the ffater supplied to the Gardens, but that had seen cut down to £500. This meant that SCO less would be received by the WateJ Department, and it was no use to say that ;his was a saving. Then there was the fill ng-up of the 'Death Hole.' There had jeen some sad accidents there, and that work should not be delayed any longer than nras possible. There was no provision n the Estimates for the erection of shelter - skeds at the 'publio schools, -nd he asked if all those sheds had been erected. If not, how were they to be n^id 'or ? The vote ought to appear on the ha&- nates this year in the same way as last par. The chief saving was on the ^estimates ;or buildings and repairs to public buildings. The amount last year was £17,CC0. This rear it was £14,C:0. Fencing Government buildipss and repairs Lat year, £4C2D— this Fear it waa about £2,000 ; fo; education buildings the estimates were about £1,000 leas; for repairs, drainage, and sanitary works last year the vote was £3,C0O, and there was m excess of £1,100; and for that item there was not a sixpence provided by tbe Government. (The Commissioner of Public Works — 'There ia very little necessary. The woik isjust finished.') Proper provision should be made for this work, and he was sure it could not yet bo finished. The total for works and buildings voted last year was £111,000, and the Govern ment only asked the House to vote them this year £54,000, or little more than half the amount spent last year. For roads, streets, and bridges the amouni voted last year was £41,000, and the amount asked for this year was only £28,C30. And so he might go ou. Eut when they came to Corporations and District Councils the Government, desiroua to make things look as bad as passible, had put down on the Estimates £75,023. He said that that amount woald not be required if the expenditure vts to be at the rate proposed bv the Govern ment. A large number of petitions had been presented to the House, and the Govei,-ment had intimated Iheir intention of bringing in a Bill dealing with the question. He could only say that ne would endeavour to maintain the paymenta of the usual grent3 in aid to Corporations and District Councils. He thought they would make a mistake if they d:d sot continue those grants ia a'.d, %b the money spent by those bodies was some of the best spent money in the country. (Mr. Miller — 'And some of the worst.') Not in ths town; it might be in the country.. (Laughter.) It would be a proper thing to rest l let the, expenditure to works from which the general public derived an advan tage ; and if t'uey_ did that they would not be doing wrong in f,Ivin-; them the F»me grant in aid as had been giveu hitherto. He thought that in a great number of cases the Estimates would be largely exceeded, and un less tiie Treasurer brought -?owa Supplemen tary Estimates to an unusual extent the excesses for the present year would be far more than they were last year. (The Treasurer — ' No ; certainly rot.') It would be so if the Government did their duty in carry ing on public works. With regard to the scheme of taxation pro posed, he said that the Treasurer had not told them how much was to come from in come tax and how much from land tax. (The Treasurer^'! will tell you.') The future was to bring forth wonderful things. The ' land' tax proposed was not a land tax, but a property tax, because it would not faU only on the owner' of the land, but on chose who held leases, or were otherwise in terested in the land. He would not mind having a property tax if the Government would only call it by its proper name. Unquestionably fie fairest tax was a property tax on the principle of the scheire adopted in New Zealand, and obtained by them from America. What he understood by a land tax was a tax that should fa1! on the owner of tbe land, who was the only person interested in the unearned in crement. But now it was to be provided that he cou'd recover the charge from his tenant, if he had an interest in the land. Whatever the tax was he trusted the House vrould insist that the same exempiions should be allowed to land as to other property; but what was the reason of any exemp tion at all ? The reason was that tonie men were unable to pay the t?*z ; but he slid that the man who hau£'5CD, whether ii Bank shares or in land, was able to pav his contri bution to the expenses of Gove.-iment. They all wished to get at the propertied classes ; but the scheme of the Govc nment would letsome off pretty easily, because a man was not to pay income tax wLh respect to land except beyond 5 per cent, on the actual value cf the land. There was very little laEd in the colony which brought in more than 5 per cent, on the actual value, and there was r o land in the city let on long leases which brought in more than that amount. The value of the tenant's lease was occasioned by the improvements made upon it, and it would be hard to a:sess the interest of the tenant without taking into account the im provements he had made. He trusted they would get a better scheme passed, but, failing thai, he would go veith the Treasurer, bad as his scheme was, because they should not allow the present session to close until they adopted some arrangement by which the position of their fin ances would be improved. If this scheme were passed tuey woald be little or no better off at the end of the year tuan they were at present.. (Mr. Hensing — 'Worse.') Well, veij little better. The Treasurer made a great mistake in not trying to find out »iie causes of the depression, and the remedy that should be applied. Taxation aa proposed by the Treasurer would not provide ihe remedy, and. failing that, he did not know upon what the House had to rely. In matters of finance they could learn from ether people, and he had been reading a statement of the effect of whatwas called the national policy in Canada. That was the policy adopted in 1&7S. They would call it protection, and be horrified at it ; bat in Canada it was called the national policy, and they liked it. Tne retulthad been not only to increase the em ployment offered to working people, but they baa increased the revenuefrom tie Customs at the same time. He would read a few para graphs from the Dominion Annual Register of 1£S2:— ?' On February 24, 1SS2, Sir Leonard Til.'ey made his financial statement. In optnlrg he declared that 'at no period in the hittory of Canada has a Govern ment met Parliament with the financial condition of the country in the position it in to-day, at no period in the history of Canada has its credit stood so hi--h a3 it stands to-day, at no period in tie history of Canada, possibly, was the country, geierally speaking, so prosperous or more prosperous than it is to-day,1 and proDCbed to establish that the prosperity is in a great measure dependent upon the policy of the Government adopted by Parliament. The position of the Govern ment when they introduced the national policy was a difficult one. and there had been a gi eat deal of speculation as to its effect. It was questioned 'whether, if it proved to be a protective policy, we would obtain sufficient revenue ; and if, on the contrary, it proved to be a revenue tariff, whether it would give the protection to the industries of thecopntiy which was demanded by the people.' In 1880 the opinions which had seen enter tained by the Government in 1879 'were being confirmed by the experience of nlie months.1 In 1B81' evidence had accumulated to Ehow that our position was the correct one. and to-day we stand in an impregnable position with respect to the results of thi tariff both for protection and revenue pur poses.' Last year there had beea anappa rent deficit of $1^00,COQ, though only a real eficit of $200,000 ; but now, instead of an estimated surplus of $2,000,000, there waa a surplus of £4,132,743 as a proof of the revenue - producing power of the ariff. When bis predecessor (Sir R. Cartwright) desired to increase the re venne by §3,000,000 he imposed burdens on the people, but did not supply them with strength to bear them, and his tariff gave food and encouragement to the foreigner, but none to our own people. The present Government had obtained employment sod higher wages for the people, w£o were thus jle to buy more than formerly, and they had thus not only protected the industries of the country, but had at the same time increased the revenue. The increased purchasing power waa shown in the increased amount paid in duties on luxuries. . . . He sub mitted a statement showing that from March, 1879, to October, 1881, ninety- five new factories, employing 7,025 hands, had been established in Canada, and that the rate of wages had largely increased. He then cited statistics to show that the effect of the national policy had not been to increase the cost of the manufactured goods to the con sumer, while the farmer received better prices or his products, and the artisan and the labourer were paid higher wages, the factories and the population hadincreased, the carrying trade had been enormously benefited ; and this policy, supplemented by the rapid con struction of the Canadian Pacific Railway, had ' placed us in the enviable position we now occupy— the best position of any .people on the face of the earth. Our public dtbi will be decreased, our annual debt will be reduced, and we shall occupy the proud position of being able to offer to the industrious and honest men who can not find work in the old world a home here, with free lands, a country girdled with railways, and a canal system the best in the world, with institutions that will protect their lives, their properties, and their rights, and that will afforr a refnge for the oppresied, if ther^, be any in any part of the old world.' Sir C. Tupper, in resuming the debate, said— 'Even if, in England, the policy adopted long since, and now in force, of free trade was the best policy that could be adopted for the country it would in no way affect the issue between tie parties nere, as the policy of Canada 'most be greatly influenced by the fiscal policy of the great country to the south of us.' The members of the Opposition at the time of ihe introduction of the new policy had taken the ground that the depression then existing would be intensified instead of decreased, and that the country was irre trievably ruined, 'and it was only when, right and left, before and behind, everywhere in fact, evidence presented itself so over whelming of the progress and prosperity of the counti y that it could be no longer con cealed., that the hon. gentlemen harked back on their prophecies, and tried to discover something besides the national policy to which our great progress might be attri buted.') The late Finance Minister had fn three years accumulated a deficit of $7,5C0,CC0, while his successor, under the present tariff, would have, in the three years 881, 1882, and 1883 a surplus not less than $llJ5C0,tGO. The policy adopted in 1878 had proved successful, and waa thoroughly endorsed by the people.' Another member said that when the present Ministry took office 'buainaES was paralysed, the indus tries of the country were struggling almost hopelessly, our g. eat North-West was looked upon by our best minds as an incubus, and people talked of abandoning it, aad the people were looking forward with but a slisht gleam of nope to the future of Canada. Now, on the other hand, * in every town and village we find reviving trade, in every homestead we find reviving happiness. Io regard to the North- West, instead of its being looked upon as an iucudub, we find our best men going there.' In regard to the Pacific Rail way, 'we shall be able, without spending a copper, as represented by the annual obli gation by way of mterest, to pay every dollar we have -undertaken.' ' (Hear, hear.) Those paragraphs showed that at the time when Canada initiated this policy the Dominion was in the same state as was this colony now, and he asked hon. members to consider whether it would not be to their advantage to adopt a similar policy. He regretted that Mr. Giyde waa not in the House to answer the charges that had been brought against him of misrepresenting tLe finances, but he thought he had shown that he did not do so, and that the statements he made were at the time absolutely correct. He would assist the Government in passing the Estimates and the scheme of taxation, but he did trust they would gjve the House full infoimation concerning the finances of the colony. As far as the expenditure waa concerned they had not done so, and he believed the Estimates put before them would not cover the actual expenditure. It was better to have a moderate excess th^n to have a large amount of unexpended balances. Last jear the Government felt it was tue duty of the Government at all hazards to incur the expenditure that was necessary, trusting only to the knowledge that they were doing what themselves believed to be right, and he thought they would be able to justify every single sixpence that was expended by them. (Cbeers.) Mr. HENMNG certainly sjjapathised with the Treasurer in having to announce a deficit, but he disagreed with him as to the estimated revenue. The Hon. Mr. Bray had met the charge of mismanagement against the late [Government, but the Treasurer should have pointed out the cause why we had bad a series of bad results. The raal cause was a mistaken land policy. The House h'd thrown ope vl a large quantify of land unsuit able for is'ming pui^o^ej on account of an insufficient rainfall. The expenditure el public money **t many dntricts had created a ktitious prosperity. When some years a^o he predicted the present unnappy position he had been regarded as a pessimist and a croater. It was better to face the worst rather than, Micawber-like, wa:t for Bome thiog to lam up. It was utterly impossible for the Treasurer to realize the revenue he estimated. What wa3 there to warrant his putt'ig down over £2CO,000 more than was realized last year? The hoi. gentleman expected a debit babnee on Jutie 30, 1885. of £593,251. To that must at least be added £45,000 for Supplementary Estimate^, ms'dng a total deficit of £638,251. The Treasurer proposed certain taxation to realize £100,00, which, howtver, would still leave a deficit on June 30, 1885, of £538,251, or over £1C3,00 more than at present existed. Increas ing the deficit was the Ti-easurer's novel and amusing way of placing the publ'c finances on a tound basis. The esamav.e aa to Customs would certainly noS be realized. Customs last jear realized £555,CD0, and now the Trea-mrer estimated an increase of £65,000. What giounds had we for expect ing a prosperous year? There had been, so far, six inches less rain than at ihis time last year. (Mr. Howe^ — 'That only applies to tbe surroundings of Adelaide.') He believed it applied to the whole of the colony. (Mr. Bowe— 'No.':) With latt year's excep tionally good season we had 7 bushels 50 odd lb. whe?t to the acre ; but there wa3 a great depres--ion, as indicated by the Custom bouLe returns. Were we likely to realize an increase, if the average were reduced ? foi unleu we got a good rainfall in the rext three weeks our harvest would be a com parative failure. But if we had ten bushels to the acre, and rot 5s. per boshel; the pre vious losses had been so gi'eat as to prevent our people from spending large sums in luxuries. It would take an economy of three or four years to recover their pobLion. The Treasurer said our stocks were low, but oui warf houses T7ere overflowing with goods oi all kinds. (T~e Tieasrrer— 'No') He bad taktn the trouble during tue last nine or tei days to enquire into the facts, and lie knew what he ha a said as to stocks was absolutely correct. Instead of sending messages tc inci ease orders, merchants were countermand iug previous orders, while*a to~ge quantity o' goocis were beini; sent to VfeUhia to be dh posed of. The increase on Customs dntiei bad been over-estimated hy £60,000. TheTreasurei expected £12,000 from the leauns of South Eatfc lands, but £1,200 was mo;e likely to b- the correct estimate. He questioned whethei a single block of the Becond or inferior land! would be taken up under ihe Bill passed ii the House. No reason bad been shown for i jump of £16,000 on the lire for reimburse nients, or of £43,000 on railway receipts, [Supposing the intercolonial i;ne were finisnec this year, how could there be anyappreciabls improvement in the railway revenue, excepi we provided proper facilities for an outei harbour ? After paying working expenses the line northwards irom Port Augusts realized lf per cent, on the outlay, whici ?was a fair result, but any extensior bejond fcr 500 miles, which would tak( ctarly fan years to bridge over, musi necessarily entail a considerable loss, owing to the detert character of the country there The Treasurer's Estimates appealed to hin over-estimated, except for unforeseen circum stances, by fully £100,000. That would maki tbe deficit en June 30, 1885, £730,251— nearl- three-quarters of a million— from which' hai to be deducted the £100,000 for propose* taxation. \A net deficit of £630,251 required a fax more radical cure than that proposed. (The Treasure!— ' No ; no. That will do it') We must have more taxation and a larger re duction on Estimates. It was impossible for private members to point out particular lines ontheEstimatesforreduction. TheCommiStoo could only deal with it as a whole. The Treasurer said they must only spend the loan money on reproductive works, and yet that hon. gentleman advocated charging surveys, immigration, and aids to Corporations to loan moneys. W e had to pav £075,000 for interest on our bonded debt, while the revenue from public works only amounted to £230,000, leaving a loss of £450,000 a year. It vas the wasteful expenditure of loan money in the past that had crippled us, aud ualesa a remedy was found we would drift from bad to worse. Instead of the Treasurer getting at the landholder, the Treasurer b.-vd evi dently been got at The Treasurer ought to be made to take back the Estimates and review them. Considering the great depres sion and the necessity lor retainioji our artisans here, it wonld be a great mistake to reduce the amount to be spent on public works. Mr. BAGSTERcongratulated the Treasurer on the business-like manner in which he had delivered his Budget Speech. There was oti8 point in which he would probably be dis appointed, and that waa his expectation re lative to the remitting of any tax at a short interval after its imposition. He was glad that the Government did not intend to go in for a heavy protective policy. He agreed with the Treasurer when speaking upon the land tax that had it not been for the vast con cessions made to certain classes the evil day which had now come upon us might have been staved off a little longer. By the concessions we gave to the selectors many were probably saved from ruin, but at the same time they had led to very serious consequences in the commercial world, and there had been a great depreciation in the value of real estate. He did not agree with some of the taxation pro posals suggested, and opposed entirely, so far at any rate, a land tax pure and simple. A stamp tax would bring in a revenue of 6onre £60,000 or £80,COO, and this was not to be de spUed in the depressed state of the colony. There was a certain amount of fairness in an income tax, because it reached a man upon his clear Bayings, and he agreed with the exemption being fixed at £300. He ad mitted there were difficulties in an income tax, but they would have to resort to it in this case. Property should pajr its ehare. and the imposition of stamp, income, ana proper^ taxes woald meet the requirements. A third party in the House lasu year were the means of delaying taxation, and he was pleased that he had been one of that party, because the country had not sutfered through its postponement. He believed as ardently as the Treasurer did in the future prosperity of thecolony. Mi^ia-; had been proved to be successful in Wood side, but there would be more success in Waukaringa than there when water conser vation works were carried od. He strongly favoured the construction of the Transconti nental Railway, not in view of the benefit it would give to the Northern Territory alone, but in a national sense. If all our attention at present were given to t^e construclion of this railway instead of extending our system in other direcLlons it would be the best thing we could do. That line, more than any other, would be the means of r moving the stigma uLder which we laboured of having to import to much of the meat we ate. He hoped to see the time wheu the farmers would produce butter, hams, an-* eggs enough to supply all our necess'tics, and to allow us to export. He believed the rai' way-consiruction and water-cor?ervation works— joinins north and south together— would bridse'over the desert interven'n'T, and ultimately make the colony exceedingly prosperous. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CATT wished to say a word or two about a few lines on the Estimates wbioh had not been touched upon by Mr. Bray. The line for the Government Geological Depart ment showed a decrease of £4C). It the department waa to be worked efficiently more thpn that proposed must _ be spent. One hundred ponnds waa far too little for all contingencies connected with a proper geolo gical survey of the province, fie would be glad to bear that the Government had pro vided for this in other directions. For tfce destruction of rabbits £4,000 was pat down last year, £7,500 had been spe it, pnd as much more would be needed now. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—' The new Vermin Act will alter that') The ex penditure produced very useful results, and he felt the Government would have to go into excess on that line. Then £12,000 was put down for the destruction of vermin. In the early part of last year the districts wpjo only beiDg formed, and yet £16,546 was 6i-ent on the work. To keep the amount dowa tj thiB it has been necessary for the Government to cancel about last March two of the districts, or the expense would have been about £5,003 moie. About £20,000 would be required this year if the work was to be done effectually. In the North a few months ago he found some parts of the country completely cleared of the vermin, but large tracts had ye-, to be dealt with. The sum of £1500 was struck off (as an unexpended balance) for gold pro spectkg. this he regretted. He nad dispatched the Government Geologist out ou several occasions to Echunga and other places to report as to tho advisability of Bending the large diamond-drill, know a as the Eucla drill, to test the country at gre^t depth, but both that officer and the Surveyor General had not seen their way clear to recommend this. He resetted the striking off of this amount As to to the line ot immigration, he waa glad to see £10,C-3 set down, and would have preferred £1C3,C 30, (Hear, hear, and No.) With large public works proceeding we mutt have population. During the last ten years our laud sales had only represented £2,940,000, whilst the sum spent on immiS''ation was £193,000. Hfd we spent more on immi^.atiou we wonld have been much beiter off. He regretted that the Treasurer had over estimated the amornt he was to receive for land revenue. In Appendix 19 it was esti mated that £195,000 would be received for completions of purchase credit selections for the present financial year. Last year there ?was due to the State from selectors over firOO.OCO, but of this only £127,03 was re ceived. He eaw from the returns for 1884-85 tMt the sum of £611,000 was exuected to come in from selectors, but their legislation was of such a character that they knew veiy few, if any, of the selectors wouJd complete the purchase of their land, and the amount ex pected would not be realized. He believed that the Treasurer had over estimated the sum by £50,000. He saw there was a line of £4,000 Bet down as first interest on sub stii uted residence selections, but he under stood that all interest would be counted as principal, and he failed to see where this sum was to come from. With regard to the taxation proposals, he intended to support the Government in their endeavour to place the finances of the colony on a l»e:ter and sounder footing. He had loug held the opinion that property did not pay iiB fair share towards the revenue, and was prepared to support a scheme which would compel it to do so. He could not Lay he was altogether pleaded with the Treasurer's scheme, as it was inequitable. He would show this by an illustration. A friend of his two yeara ago Tjurchascd a freehold for £5,C 50. The original nolder had bought it cheaply, eud took the unearned increment on tLc land. According to the Government s scheme the prc lent holder must pay a halfpenny : i the pound on £5,000, equal to £10 8s. 4d. a year. The land was not heavily improved, but the ow-ier made 7 per cent on it, eoual to £350 a year. Utder the income tax oi 3d. in the pound, with the exemption, hs would !-ave to Day 25s., making a total of £11 13s. 4-i. the original holder of the land had invested the purchase monev in shares, mortgages, and such like securities ; and alter the exemption of the first £300 he would only have to pay on £50, or 25s. a year, uotv.hhstanding that he had previously picketed the urearred incren.eijt, whilst the mau who shared net in it most pay £11 13s. 4d. (Hear, btar.) That was inequitable. His own idea was there wa3 nothing belter tban a property tax, but, as he Eaw veiy littJe hope of ewrrjiDg this, he would sup port tie Govtninent as far as he could, stcuiinnexcmj't ions where he thought they ?were Bect8Ea?y. He regretted Mr. fiagstens statement, that tbe late House were to uhme fcr the position the country was now in, through the conctsEiors to Eeleutors. The bad seasons, over which the House had no control, were the came of the distress, and not the concessions gra:»:*d to the selectors. TLere were districts iu the North where, bad not these concessions been extended, the rrercharte and farmers would have been insolvent, and the country depopulated. He would atEist the Government to pass the Estimates, pointing out where reduction was necessary and where increasei were essential. (Hear, hear.) The TBilliSUKER was exceedingly obliged to hon. members who had spoken for tne kindly criticisms they bad felven to the Budget Sneech, t id for their nniversal promises ot eopport with regard to bo taxation scheme. He had beea ireparcd for atronger opposition than hey had received. Tho principal ground f critickm seemed to have booa aa to he creditability and capability of tho irecedinR Treasurer. lie had not. had for a loment any desire to introduco anything of . personal character into tha debate. Neither .ad he referred to auy statements of tho Hod. u Glydo respecting excesses of any sort, ut he had referred to that Eentfemon'a peech on February 27 last, when he aid: — 'The deficit will bo at the end f tho financial year £302.000. ... Of ourse, I suppose at least half of^that will be nexpendea balances, but there ia no conceal ag the fact that tho actual cash deficit u June SO, 1884, must bo more than 150,000, in consequence of the various xcrsses which will have to bo incurred.' ind, in reply to the interjection that it rould be nearer £30u,000, Mr. Glyde said, 1 No.' Regarding the amount of excesses, he statements he (the Trcasuror) made tho ther day iu making his Budget Speech rere absolutely true. Mr. Glydo waa ndoubtedly wrong in his fifnirot- to the ; irount tben stated, so that the repmrka ast made by the Hon. Mr. Bray did not pply to any statement of his, but only to a tvv observatiofiS come weeks ago by the Jfcief Secretary, who, by-the-way, waa aub tantially correct too. The excesses were* epresented by the late Government as being mall indeed, and their estimate waa exceeded iy something like £120,000. With referenco o Mr. Bray's challenge to point out any linos f excesses which could not be justihod, if ion. members would take the list for 1881, ppearing in the first page of tho ppendices, they would see excess 3 fhich would have been altogether pre cntible if the Estimates had been iroperly prepared. He referred to that the ther day. Take the Government Printing )fficc. The Government Printer had oaid a- ertain amount was aboolutely necessary. 3ia fipures were ruthlessly cut down, and hen the Government, iuctcad of carefully upervisinp tho expenditure of the depart nent in view of the less amount which, they iad decided to recommend to the House, tllovred it to go on exactly in the same way is it had been goini;. Tuo Eame might be iaid oi the Pest and Telegraph Department ind oi the Hospital. The Rrantvin-aid to L/orporations and District Councils had al ready been mentioned. He nover said it seas not quite right to pay tho amount, but what he complained or waa that tho imount should have been put down much. :Ioser to the actual requirements, because) the Treasurer must have known in a vote of that kind within at the outside a few thousands bow much would have been aeedtd, and yet it had been greatly exceeded. [f this thing were to be continued in prc oaring Estimates it would be quite poa3ible tor a Treasurer to come down and show aa ictual credit instead of a debit balance. [Hear, hear.) He held that a Treasurer 3hould tell the wholo truth aa far ia lay within his knovrfedgo. and ha boncstly believed that ho had done that. [He-.r, hear,) The Hon. Mr. Bray might 3cem to havo scored a point in one rmtter with regard to the Northern Territory ? iccount. Ho had been aa explicit aa ho ' could be in referring to that matter last week, but now Mr. Bray asked why did not ha have the amount transferred irom the Northern Territory to the South Australian credit. Why, Mr. Cray ou'jht to havo known that the late Government and the preient had taken every farthinj it was po: liblo to get out of the Northern Territory revenue ; and with regard to tho ad justment of tho future accounts, he (the Treasurer) had already told the Com mittee that fcia officials wore engaged in preparing a true statement of account It would probably take some monthB to do, but when it waa done we would have a proper a- count struck between us and tho Northern Territory, _ showing at any moment our re lative positions. Of course tho Northern Tcrritoi/ owed ub thousands of poundB,. but it bad not tho mocey now. (Mr. Smith — 'Insist on gettinir it.') Could tho bon. member draw blood out of a stone! (Mr. Smith—' Get it oat of the land.') Mr. Bray had made'eome remarks respecting the eitimatee of revenue, and particularly thatof rrilwayu, bring exceeded. Now, he had based bis estimates upon our petting a bovou or ei'jht bushel harvest. If wo got more tho revenue would probably be exceeded,'-nd ha would rejoice moie porhaps than anvbody else if bis figures proved too tow. (tlear, hear.) But under the present circum stances, considering the vicissitudes to which we were liable, he did not feel juslified in putting Ms e3timatea higher than they stood. Reference had been mode to expenditure on surveys bcln-? under estimated, but they did not intend to incur any useless expenditure ou that line. On tho two main routes they intended to adopt the flying euweyshad been already mode, t'\d there would not be a great expenditure ou that bead. For the other necessai/ surveys on these works they would bo chargod to loans, Pad the Govorninont had mado ample provision for their requirements in that direction. Ho had been creatly pleased to hear Mr. Bray Bay that if he could not Carry the New Zealand scheme ho would givo a fair support to them to enable thorn to carry theirs. (Hear, hear.* Now, he would tell him that he had not the ghost of a chauoe of cariying that New Zealand scheme of hia, and hs therefore claimed his assistance for tbe Government's. He waa personally obliged to all tbo speakers for tho kindli ecss of their criticisms. If they mob in that friendly spirit they would get through the work quickly, and it would bo for the best interests of tho country to get on with thobe Estimates, so that they mi^ht early have their taxation resolu tions introduced, and so that they migH early take the first practical step towarda placing the finances of the colony on a aatia Lctory footing. Ho moved the first lino, (Cheerf.) The firtt line was carried, and aitor two or three other lines bad been disposed of the item ' Sherifi' was nostpoDed, and the Com mittee adjouued till Thursday. LAW OF JNHEBITANCE BILL. J-itroduccd ana rrad a first timo, the Becond reading being fixed for Thursday. BILLS OF EXCHANGE BILL. Ffcotd readinc. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL moved tbe second read!ng of tbe BUI, which provided for a codification of the la.v.6 rotating to an important subject to the mercantile com munity. The Bill wa3 drafted under the ansriicts of the l&te; Goveiumcnt While it MBBin the Legislative Council the mercan tile community had bad an opportunity of considering its provisions. Tno Associated BarjfcB had somrnunicated with the authori tiei of the adjoining colonies ti aicertafi how tbe n.easure worked there, and the result had been that they concluded that it waa des-!r&ble; to ness the Bill. Mr. GRAi NGER said it was a desirable measure (Hear, hear.^ The subject wjh one of those mentioned in clause 15 of tha Federal Council Enabling Bill as a Bubject; ior a Federal Council. He tiJBted the Go verBtnent would bring in othc: necessary n.efc'ures of an intercolonial character. 1 l.e Bill wbb read a second time, and in Ctn'mittee claused 1 to 3 passed aa printed. Clause 4. Inland and foreign bills. Mr. H. E, Dowser hoped the clause would be poetiioued for further consideration. Mr. Symon eaid the clnuee vma veiy objectionable in its character. Postponed. Clauses 5 to 19 pawed. Clause 20. Inchoate injjtrumonta. Mr. H. E. Dowkee *aid the clauaa c;ave persons authority to fill up blanks which were not material. As there were many illiterate reuons giving bills, the Dower would in all Piobability be anused. The hilh should be retuiaed for correction. Mr. Stmon said the clause merely co^rmei the law odIv that the Jud^c3 had in*.oduced var'ous complications as to the rea'sonablo time in which the LlankB could bo filled up. '1 he clause settled what had bco x somewhat uncertain before. The AaropviiY-GENEP vr. said if acy loss occuired through tiie okuse it should fall on the person who left the blacks, and not on the holder of the bill, Mr. Gi'uxcke pointed out tbat it would be very inconvenient to get cowectio'jg made for eveiy trifling mistake. Paiied. C'aiues 21 to !-G passed, and the Committeo had kave to sit again next day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned attwenly-five minutes toG o'clock till the next diy. 