THE GUNDA&AI; ELECTION. There are electorates as there are men that always seem to be in luck's way. History is full of examples of the happy hero always on the spot at the critical moment, and always bearing off the prize, and we all know something of him in pri vate or professional life— the proverbial ' lucky dog' always getting the good things simply, or mainly, through the fortunate fact of always being there when the good things are going. Of .course there must be something more than that. G-ood things will not pick themselves up, and many be the blind fools who fail to pick up what might be theirs, though plain at their stumbling feet as Syd ney paving-stones. The true secret of success here as elsewhere is, in truth, no secret — opportunity and the knowing how to use it. A reputation of that kind soon grows, and such, as an electorate, has been the reputation of Grundagai. It has had its opportunities, and it has known how to use them. Mr. 'Want could hardly have paid it a higher compliment than when he said that he had declined a walk-over for another constituency, choosing rather a contested election at Grundagai, ' because it had always elected clever men.' But, whatever its previous opportunities or its good use of them, they are as nothing to its present chance — the opportunity at a very critical moment of reassuring the country by reinforcing in the House the cause of public decency and order, and rebuking, as only a constituency can, the party of indecency and disorder, now adding to its other iniquities the insult of attempting to seduce the virgin honour of a virtuous electorate. And with what a lure ! The very dreg and leavings of the late general election ; the doubly rejected of his own old constituency which he had disgusted, and of another which he tried vainly to corrupt ; a man, at this very moment, and for months past, under a cloud upon, his political honour which he has made no effort to clear, and which, ? until it is cleared, should as effectually bar him from public life as a suspicion of small pox would from private. This is the man whom, under the fit auspices of Mr. M'Elhone, G-undagai is asked to place in the seat once ho noured by a 'William Forster, and never since dishonoured. This is the man who, in response to the general cry of the country, for better men and purer manners to purge the Assembly of its shame, has the assurance, to offer himself, his twice-scorned services, and doubly damned political character, under shield of that very Assemblyip worst offender To elect Mr. James 'Watson would be a. sufficient disgrace for G-undagai at any time ; to elect him now would be further to endorse and approve all the exhibi tions, to use Mr. G-arrett's fit phrase, of ' unreason and brutality,' which, in one Session,, have reduced the House as a deliberative body almost to a common byword. But Gundagai's good fortune is not limited to the opportunity, great as it is, of again laying such an objectionable political ghost as the late Treasurer. In the other candidate for its suffrages, Mr. John Want, there is the assurance of a member worthy both of the traditions of the constituency and of the position to which he aspires.. Young, able, indus trious, and independent, he will bring to the public life of the country the very qualities in which it has been of late so lamentably deficient. If it be said of him that politically lie is as yet an 'unknown quantity, better that than to be too well known. If he has no long record of political services to show he has also none of disgrace and 'defeat, of services rejected because found unworthy. His very best recommenda^ \- tion, next to his known ability and high : personal character, is this very freedom ? ;'?. f roiri; any political ties where political ties mean for the most part public alliances ... for private purposes. If he is of no party, \- to what party in the present House would ? it be much a credit to him to' belong ? ' But, if elected, he would be of a party— the party, weak it may be in numbers, \- but strong in its cause, and the growing need of the country, the one party to which, the country can look, to put an end to the reign of misrule and self interest— the independent, honest intelli gence of the House. 