aWqK ICtovBSi i^oKWnisT CHAPTER X. Hoipatk "cjliSte recovered from his drunlteh sleep, was,.up ,and before the house beforb the door had'V'oll closed. What was lie to.do ? , Perfectly acquainted with all the facts of the Acton Lloydd case, he knew at a glance that something must be. wrong. if only for this reason : llere was a man who had been keeping bis room for months as an invalid, partly paralysed, now coming up to London in the middle of the night, and walking with comparative ease and lightness, as if there was little or nothing the matter with -him. Most suspicious this! It justified strong measures; but, unfortu nately, the strongest might defeat the object in view. It was tantalising to think of what might be passing up in that drawing-room. Holker felt that it was of moment, that he ought to overhear it; but that seemed an im possibility. Access to the house must be gained, by stealth for such a purpose, and how is one to enter a dwelling- house at midnight, unless, indeed, bv some lucky chance, the door was capable of being forced by a skeleton key ? Ascending the steps, he tried this expe dient, but it failed. Then he inspected the area, and examined the windows of the house. All presented the same difficulty. Access was possible, but not without noise, and noise would dofeat all. There was no alternative but to watch and wait. In the end this was rewarded in an unex pected manner; The door of the house suddenly opened again, and the man who had entered an hour before stole out into the night. But he was not alone. Leaning heavily on his arm, sobbing and ready to faint, appeared MillicentLloydd. ' Gab, sir ?' cried Holker, suddenly starting out of the gloom of the trees when they had gone a little distance. ' Are—are you a cabman ?' the old man eagerly demanded. • Yes; bring my horse up|directly.' He dashed off in the direction of a cab stand at no great distance, hastily roused up a sleeping driver, whose legs were dangling from the window of his four-wheeler as a sign that ho was within, whispered to him to wait where he was, no doubt offering a suffic ing reason for this step, mounted the box, and rattled back to the square with lightning speed. But rapidly as the manoeuvre was executed it nearly failed. Misgivings appeared to have seized the fugitives, and they were no longer on the spot where he had left them. ' They have left the square by the narrow end!' Holker exclaimed aloud, and darted after them. Yes, there they were, making off at a great pace, which was accelerated rather than diminished as he shouted after them., But they were not too far gone to be overtaken. 'What! altered your mind, guv'nor?' de manded Holker, assuming the cabman style as best he could. 'I—I didn't think you'd come back,'.re plied Barnaby, looking at him suspiciously. 'No fear. Here's the cab. Jump in.' They obeyed. . , . •Where to ?' he then asked. There was a moment's hesitation, prompted by the lingering suspicion that all was not right. Then in desperation the \ direction was given. . ' ; •To Poplar.' ' , ' i ' i \- ' Ho, hoi' chuckled Holker, as he inpunteid the box and assumed the reins.. ITliat'siit,, is it ? Going down among the;.shipping to try a chance of getting out of the country unperceived. Things are desperate then. Off we go to the office at once.', The office alluded to was the nearest police station, and at the door of that the cab speedily stopped. Then Holker de scended and presented himself before his unsuspecting prisoners. ' t , j ' Get out,' he exclaimed. : ^ .< r ' Why ? Where are we . the i man ex claimed, in alarm. ~ , 'You are at a police station,' was the curt answer.- ' Get out.' ' They obeyed—mechanically, as it seemed, they obeyed—the old man trembling vio lently, Millicent white as a ghost and ready to faint. Following Holker into the Office, but accompanied by two policemen, who had mysteriously sprung into being as they entered, the prisoners soon found themselves confronting the night sergeant, * ♦Hallo, Holker,' exclaimed that func tionary, ' what is it ?' 'I charge this man, Barnaby—I don't know his other name—on suspicion of being concerned in the murder of Acton Lloydd, of Actop Hall.' ' Father I' shrieked Millicent, clasping her hands, and recoiling from, him in horror, ♦this is not.true ?' 'Ho-ho,' cried Holker, jumping at the discovery with a hound's quickness of scent, this is your.daughter, is it, Mn Barnaby ? Come, then, I'll venture another step. I charge this young woman with conspiring with the prisoner Barnaby to obtain under false and fraudulent pretensions the fortune of the murdered man, Acton Lloydd •It is false,' shouted Barnaby, growing suddenly desperate. •Is it? I'll take the consequences. I'm on a bold tack this time ; but I have some thing tdwin should it turp out that I'm on the rigl-fc one. Look here.' Barnaby followed the direction of Holker's finger, ipd;saw hanging against the wall the bill offering one hundred pounds reward for the apprehension of Acton Lloydd's mur derer. At that sight his jaw dropped, and he re signed himself to his fate. There remained only one; further matter of formality to be gone through before the pri soners were disposed of in separate cells. They had to be searched ; and this process, so far as Barnaby . was concerned, resulted in a remarkable and important discovery. Un der the. lining of his coat they discovered the diamonds which were supposed to have been carried off on the night of the murder. These left little doubt of Bamaby's guilt. And before it was well broad daylight that doubt was removed. - The officer in attendance on the cells was attracted by cries, and on entering Bamaby's cell, found j him writhing and screaming on the floor.;. . He had contrived to seorete and swallow poison. I Then, with the.certainty of death before i him, he made this confession.' ' He admitted tftat,^believing hia master, I Lluyti-,!; nioiuv Hi llni woi'tt, hij had I i#, yt'jifs i.-ctiMiniiirui to jiass Ills own i driiijfliter oft" as Lloydd's daughter, and had ihadc arrangements lor that purpose. He had mastered ever)' del nil of Acton Lloydd's life, secured liis marriage certificate, and such papers as lie hold to be essential, and had perfected the story his child was to tell in suppoit of her claim to his fortune. Willi thin view he had kept her at a board ing school, her very existence being uu suspt'O!ed by his friends. He further .stated that it had originally been his intention to wait nntilActon i.loydd should hnve died a natural death to put his plan into execution; but the thirst for the old man's fortune grew upon hiin. The temptation overmastered him, and he re solved to take his life. With this object, and in 'order to rendur himself safe from suspicion, he had for montlisaft'ected illness, being apparently struck down by paralysis, though, in truth', he was never better in his life. . . '■ ' The appparance of the fresh claimants on the scene, and espccial'y Mrs. Bertram Lloydd, with her knowledge .that..Acton Lloydd's daughter had died in infancy, tf'ad upset all his plans. Me saw that exjjosure was imminent. The suspicion touching his share in the murder would follow,' and when' Millicent summoned him to town that night, and positively refused to go a'step further against her lover, as she had discovered the real heir to be, ho had seen no resource but flight. . . la this he had been thwarted by HolkcrV sajffcity. Soon after-making this confession ,the wretched man expired in the greatest agony I.1, The evidence against the girl Millicen • was very slight. It was doubtful^how far she had been cog nizant of her father's wicked designs, and she was acquitted. She-at once disappeared. Paul came into Acton Lloydd's fortune without opposition, and with his mother he; went down to live at Acton Hall, disregard ing the warnings of the neighbours that it was sure to be haunted. Nevertheless, the heiglibours seemed to be in the right. Acton Hall did not not agree with its young master He grew pale and thin,; and fell a prey to settled melancholy. Within three years it' was deemed neces sary that he should go abroad, ! He selected Italy for a residence,rand spent a year there. i - y During that year two events happened. His mother died, and news camp that he was married. In due time he brought home his bride to Acton Hall. She was beautiful, tender, and loving; but an inexpressible sadness overshadowed1 her fair brow. People said there, was a mystery in her early life. , Paul's hps:were; closed, The account he gave was that ;shb' was an English lady, an orphan without friends,, whom he had met in Italy, and had been greatly impressed with. i ■ Before friends he called hen'by his own' mother's name—Marian ; but tlie domestics said that at times, when they were alone!, or when others were not supposed to' be within hearing, he had another name for her—a pet name, sacred between them selves. ' At such, times he called her Millicent.: t < THE END. 