THE STORYTELLER' V THE CEDAR CHAMBER; ^ It would be impossible to discover any one more entirely devoid of superstition tlian myself. Nevertheless when I was 17: years old an event happened which caused mo to believe mine a haunted life. ^ I was staying ? at Paris, at the house of my guardian, Sir Charles C., and dress ing for my first ball- — a ball at the Eng lish Embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian taste, had been fastened, and I stood before the glass while my maid arranged the. flowers , in my hair. A splendid bouquet lay beside my gloves and a fan upon the toilet table. . ' Ah, now mademoiselle is beautiful !' exclaimed piy maid, Justine, in French, as she, .stepped back to survey her ; work admiringly. * r'blushed with pleasure. It was the first compliment that had been paid me and my. glass , told me it was true.' '?I '^wonder whb sent me these flowers ?* I said, taking up the bouquet preparatory to leaving, the room. '.Mademoiselle will doubtless discover hei^ Wdiiurer among hei? partners to- ? night/! was. the girl's reply. At this moment there was a knock at lhe door. -' A telegram was handed to me. ' Mrs. Norlhrote is dangerously ill, and. wishes to see her stepdaughter before she dies.' Startled, dismayed, but beyond all measure vexed at receiving such an un timely message, I dropped the paper on the floor. ' Bring.me a railway guide— quiet 1' I said to Justine. .: Mr§, Northcote was my stepmother, \- but we* had never met. My father had made a - mesalliance out in; India by. ' taking Ja: half-caste for his second ' wife, '?ad when he died .he left; to his widow, for her life, the family estate of Crows aest to which he had' oalyl just suc ceeded., I found by the railway guide that if I changed my dresB with speed there was time to catch the last train thafinight from Paris. By noon next day I should reach DasliShire, in which ? county.1 Cfowsnedt is ''situated.' 'v '! Justine,' ''?* I cried, excitedly, : ^ bring* me my travelling dress. . You must go with ni'e to-night to England ' ' Mon ditUj Mademoiselle ! Would yon take off' that, ravishing dress that suits you to such marvel ? , Would you give 'up' the bull——?' Once , more I looked at my reflection in the glass.' Once more I took up the railway time-table to study its contents. At 9 o'clock next morning there was another ttain; ? .* . ? Meditatively I raised the bouquet to my face. Who was it said, ' The woman who hesitates is lost?: The. sweet perfume of the flowers permeated my senses. Who had sent them? Curiosity prevailed. I would wait till the morrow, go to the ball and solve the mystery. Sir Charles and Dady C— * were waiting for me when I descended the stairs. I did not say anything about the telegram ; we en tered the- carriage and were driven to the Embassy. The ball was ' brilliant^in the extreme, and I completely intoxicated with the adulation : ' I received. ' Z'a jolie AnglaiscY' ' The new debutante,' was on everybody's lips. The .night was half over before I even remembered the avowed object of my deferred departure, for England—namely, to discovei' the Bender of the flowers. 'Of what .were . you. thinking ho profoundly, Miss. Northcote ?' asked a gentleman in a way tliat made me start. The. speaker was Mr. Weston.,: He had been introduced to me a few days before at'iuy guardian's honse. ? ?' I.-w^s thinking of the sender bf tbis beautiful lipu'quet, and wondering who he is. See, iny name, ' Nina,' is spoiled j out in white violets,' I answered, holding the flowers toward him. ' I hope yoti were thinking kindly of : the donojr ?' j ' Indeed I was.'. 1 'Tlmrik you. Will you always think j so' of him—of n:o ?' My; surpriso was too great to frame an immediate reply. Besides, liis manner embarrassed mo. It inferred so much j .more, thu'n tlie mere words. I daaced I with him more frequently than with any i one else, and found a now and strange attraction in his presence.' On returning home from the ball I told my kiud host and hostess of -tlie telegram, and of my determination to start for England o the morrow. Lady C — looked grave when she road tho mossage. ' . ' You might have saved a few hours, dear rr— fihe 6aid. ' Only a very few. And then I should have missed the most delightful experi ences of all my life !' . I answered fer vently. . . . ' -?;. . 'But it was a case of life and death, my child,' she added gently. And I felt she had given me a reproof. ^ '?'-'Mjr trunks wert Boon'paokod by'Jii's tine, who aceompanied 'me to England. Sir Charlos 0- — , as legal guardian, also insisted on goi0r with; me, and lato on the following riiglit we' were driving through, the-moonless darkness of coun try ^roads to Crowsnest. A stately housekeepei met us in tKe hall. ' Miss Northcote, you come too late,' she said, and thero was more austerity than sadness in her tone. ' ' My dear mistress died three hours ago. If you had left Paris last night, you would have been in time,-- My lady had a -;ommiiiii- catioti she desired to make to you.' ' What was it?' I asked, in. much distress. »;That.no one will ever know in this world,' was the answer. And I felt from that moment that Mrs. Stevens was my enemy. . ? Sir Charles ;C— — remained at Crows nest 'until after the funeral. Then, in vain he urged me to return with him. to Paris. I was bent on staying a few weeks longer in the quaint old-fashioned i house, wnich now, to all intents and [ purposes, was mine. With the exception of -one bedroom in it, a description of Crowsnest is not necessary to the development of my tale, but to describe this is' imperative. This room had taken my fancy from tho first. It wns long and large .'and low; the walls' parieled with cedar , wood. . On, the, panels liung framed tapestry pictures, the work of past generations of Northcotes. The ceiling of cedar wood, with curiously carved rafters, made the walls look even lower than tlioy were. A time-mellowed square of Indian carpet covered the centre of the cedar floor on which stood the bed — of the same wood and richly carved — raised on a dais. Thero were two win dows ; that nearest the bed, a bay with diamond panes, the hangings, similar to those of the bed, of old- fashioned rich brocade with faded pink satin linings. On the side of the bay window nearest the bed was fixed a modern gas-bracket, which, struck me as a strange anomaly, and the only incongruity amid the antique : suiroundings. It was in this chamber mystepmother died, but utterly devoid of all superstitious weakness I decided to occupy it myself. No sooner had my .kind guardian, left Crowsnest than i.told. Mrs. Stevens of my intention whereon^ she: looked troubled, urging various reasons why I should not do so, none of which appeared to me -of any weight. At last she said, ' It was Mrs. Nortlicote's wish that the room should not be used. She died in it.' ' And do you suppose I am so foolish as to be afraid to sleep there on that account ?' I asked. ' It is not my province to suppose anything, Miss Northcote. My late mistress entertained the fancy, and if yon had been here before she died it is my belief she would have given you her reasons, herself. As it is — As it is, Mrs. Stevens,' I answered, seeing that she paused irresolutely, ' I am now ? ~mis.tr ess'here. and, have set jny heart an that particular bedroom. Have it prepared, please, for I wish to occupy it at once/' \ ' Ae you will, she said indifferently. But as she turned away I caught a peouliar look* on her face which perplexed | nsimucli as it annoyed me. My belongj [ ings were promptly removed into the coveted room, my maid, Justine, occupy ing a small dressing- room adjoining, ,but to which there was no through com munication. The first night of my taking possession of my new quarters was close and oppressive, and I remember waking to find the scent of the cedar wood slightly overpowering. About midnight I rose; treading my way across the flbor. with difficulty, for the room was alniiost in total darkness.- I opened the nearest, window.; - The next night,- before Justine left me| I desired lier not to burn tlie gas quite out. Three nights later I again awoke with a sense of languor and oppression. I did not want to be at tlie trouble of rising and opening the win dow, but I looked up sleepily. The gas beside the window gave out a dim light ; beyond it a faint moonbeam slanting across the room, in which lay the shadow of a pear tree that grew outside close to the house. I could trace the shadows of the branches and the leaves and watched them as they flickered, stirred by the ;night wind. Keeping my eyes open in a naif-sleepy manner, as I have said, all at once I became conscious of seeing sotnething else beside the gaslight and the moonlight that seemed between.the two. It was faint and indistinct, cer tainly, but none . the less, it bore the resemblance to a -human form. The head appeared resting on the hand, the hair, with a ruddy gleam on it, flowed backward on the shoulders. The rest of the figure was lost in darkness. I was sufficiently, awake jto know it- was no freak of fancy, and yet the figure was altogether so. faintly defined and vague - in detail that be fore long I fell asleep, and next morning remembered it as a dream only. The ' succeeding night,' however, I again awoke, and on opening my eyes, beheld the self-saine figure. But this time it was more visible, ' especially the | face which turned toward me, I saw to be that of a very beautiful woman. Moreover, to my unspeakable horror, and dismay, I discovered in it a resem blance to my stepmother, whom I had ! seen once, and once only, as she lay .dead within her coffin. The sight was the more distressing to me inasmuch as the face wore an expression of mournful sadness combine^ with one of reproach. Had the spirit of my father's wife returned to the oarth to upbraid mo for not obeying summons to her dying bod? ^ A strangejy combined feeling, of awe and. inoreililuljty possessed me: — of awe, in-piled by ilm apparent presence of- a i'cing from nuuthei' world ; of incredulity that such a visitation could be possible. In vain I closed my eyes, pressing my hands upon them to wipe out, as it w«vej the sight. Whenever I opened them I saw the sweet reproachful face, and it was not until the early summer morning dawned that it entirely disappeared and I rose from my lied sad at heart and worn in body with the weaiy vigil of the night. Twice jmore, the visitation came. After that for'two or;three /weeks the' visits ceased ; Jhen Vera; 'once._ more r¥BUmed; Bofdre r was two 'monthB at Crowsnest all my vaunted courage fled ; iny,, entire nature underwent a change.' Though I §poke of what . I had seen to Qd one, 1 was, nevertheless, sensitively conscious that. Mrs. Stevens remarked something amiss with me. I was even morbidly fearful that .she had suspicions of the cause. I was convinchd of this one morning when she said— not by any means unkindly : ' Justine tells me you have not been 'sleeping well, Miss Northcote. Indeed, 1 a«n concerned to see how ill yon look. Dou you not find tho cedar chamber comfortable?' ' Perfectly comfortable — delightful ! I would not change it for' the world,' I replied evasively .' '.Comfortable,' and with that haunt ing presence ? Heaven forgive me for the subterfuge ! As to Justine, :she was continually urging me to quit what she termed ' ce i Main pays,' attributing' my depression to tho climate, to the dull life I\led, to anything rather than the true cause. But at length her persis tency, added to beseeching letters from my guardian, prevailed, and I returned to Paris. ' There I renewed my acquaintance with Mr. Weston. It was impossible to be blind to his feelings, his intentions. Every word and look told me that lie loved me, and the ? day came when lie asked me to be his wife. To his evi dent surprise, and to my own inexpres sible sorrow, ' I refused to marry liioc. Could I join my life— a,;haunted life — to the man I loved- with all my soul ? .Truo, I had no- visitation from the beautiful reproachful face since I left Crowsnest ; but might it not return at any time, ot any hour? Oh, why had my father's wife cast tliis blight upon my life? Why did she. haunt me? Was it such a heinous crime not' to have gone in time to see her die ? Suddenly I became possessed with a strange longing to revisit Crowsnost, to see again the weird apparition that had exercised so subtle an influence on my life. With the persistent wayward ens of a spoiled child I insisted on going to Crowsnest. I insisted, also, that no one but Justine should accom pany me. My indulgent guardian yielded to my wishes, and I went. But not once during my month's visit did I see the haunting face. I believed then that my persecution was ended. . On.rny return to. Paris Mr. Weston renewed his offer and I accepted him. A few months of married happiness effectually dispersed the cloud that- had Overshadowed me. Sly mind — warped, weakened as it had)been by giving way to morbid fancies —gained tone andr -vigor daily by asso ciating with my. husband's, .which was eminently matter-of-fact and -practical. It was, therefore, without the slightest foreboding of evil that wo set out for Dashsire to spend the summer . months at Crowsnest. George was much pleased with the old house ; above all with the cedar chamber, which I found — without any orders to that effect— had been prepared for us. It was late, at night'\when we; arrived, and \ tbertf* was not' time to alter the arrangements ; besides, there seemed no need, for j believed, as, I have stated, that I had outlived my fears. Both George and I were tired by our journey and, on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep. Toward morning I awoke. ?- k stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old the shadow of the near tree lay along the floor,' flickering in the night wind. . I watched it for a while, then— this shadow being closely associated in my mind with something, else — I looked toward the bay window and could scarcely suppress a cry. There, in the old place, between the gas light and the moonlight, Appeared- the face ! 'George,' I whispered, trembling, ' wake ! I feel so frightened.'. ' What is it. Nina ? Have vou seen a ghost ?' he inquired lightly. ' Hush ! Look there.' | Raising himself upon his elbow lie obeyed. \- Why, there is a woman in the room!' he exclaimed in the greatest consternation. Then, after ' pausing a few; moments, he continued slowly and deliberately, as though reading by a bad light from a book; ' No ! it is only an illusion ! I seem to see most distinctly a beautiful wpman, her head turned this wf-y, supported by her hand. Her hair — a: bright auburn— hangs loose- about j her shoulders. It is_a handsome face, ] but sorrowful— ' Stay 1 What are you about to do ?' I asked, as, rising, lie 'made a quick movement lorward. , . '?To dispel the , illusion, darling.' So saying, he shook the curtain violently. ; f':,May all ghostly, visitanti be as Easily dispersed-!1'- be continued, laiigh irig,j as; the. figure 'quiyered,' !swayedj .be came distorted, then, in a moment, Vanished. : :v „'jBut what was it?' ' '? '!l will produce it and you shall see.' He loosed the curtain * and it fell - to the grdund in the old folds and creases as it was before. There, sure enough, she was again. ' And this is what scared you on your first visit here ?' he inquired, turn ing to me suddenly as though a new light broke on him. ' Yes. I thought it was the spirit of my stepmother. I imagined the like ness, of course.' Then between laughter and tears, I made a full confession of all my superstitious folly. Next morning we closely interrogated Mrs. Stephens. She expressed her be lief that the cedar cbambcr was haun ted, and that the communication her mistress had desired to make to me was , to that effect. 1 We read of strange results brought about by the juxtaposition of . cerlain heavenly bodies. Here was an instance, unique in its way, in which a heavenly body — the moon — aided by such com monplace material as a modern gas jet and an old, faded silken curtain, pro duced as perfect a specimen of a beauti ful female ghost as oyer visited our world . — Tinsley's Magazine. .-j ?' ? - 