INTERCOM MS I K [FROM OUR OWN CORKKBl- Neisse]' NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, SuplCUllc. 15. A serious fire occurred early this nine dragon the premises of P. R. Larkin, licensed w. ! to Jlcr and produce merchant, George stove!. The fire broke out at half-past 5 o'clock in. Un 1.10 duce store, and rapidly extended to I'M hotel and main premises. The produce mineral burned clean out, and the hotel much damaged. The roof of the store fell in with a uein..i.dous crash, and the intense boat did go damage to a number of small shops valued at. Mt oars. Anthony Hordern and Son's tMiipniíin* -in the opposite side of the street; also suffered '< some extent. The shops of Tillock and (' >., ,. ulcers, Schlobachs, tobacconist, and 15 V , hairdresser, were slightly damaged. The t :' loss is estimated at between 6 IODO i>Hd FAIR). The premises were insured. Great destruction, has been caused by the hard frosts last week to the viney 'Lula and orchards at Ryde. Of 500 acres of vineyards, fully one-fourth has been destroyed, and the total losses are estimated at not 1 so than £10,000. William Beach, the present he". is of the sculling championship, has promptly . ' .;,*5,i. the challenge issued by LUBLIN tu in - within, seven months for £500 a side and the championship of the world. Arrangements for the match will probably be made to-night. George Marshall has obtained a verdict of £400 in the Supreme Court against the Commissioner for Railways as compensation, for injuries sustained through a tramway accident, in Oxford-street. In the Equity Court to-day Thomas Jolley, a coal merchant and defendant in an action for failing to carry out a contract, was committed for trial on a charge of perjury A gentleman who was a passenger by the ship Fort George, which is about to sail from Newcastle for San Francisco, has been missing for some days past. When he left the ship he had £100 in his possession, and foul play is suspected. It is reported that he is the son of an English nobleman, and that he was travelling for his health. A valuable discovery of fresh water has been made on YollockStation, Riverina, at a depth of 127ft. the water rising 29ft. ja th; bore.'.' ' ,,, The steamer Colac returned to Newcastle from Adelaide today. The local Marine Board commenced an inquiry this afternoon into the collision between the Colac and the schooner Willie Reid in Newcastle harbour on the 30th August. The wheat crops in the Inverell district promise wonderfully well. Many farmers believe that the yield will exceed 25 bushels to the acre, and it is considered that immediately the railway is completed to the border the whole of Southern Queensland will be inundated with Inverell wheat. The country in the neighbourhood of Hay continues very dry, and the absence of rain is being severely felt. A day will probably be set apart as a day of humiliation and prayer for rain. Later. Messrs. W. J. Lyne and 6 Day, members of the Legislative Assembly for Albury, and Mr. G. Loughnan, member for Murrumbidgee, were entertained at a banquet at Hanging Rock this evening. Archbishop Moran, accompanied by the Bishop of Adelaide and other dignitaries of the Roman Catholic Church now visiting Sydney, paid a visit this afternoon to St. Patrick's school for girls. An address of welcome was presented to the Archbishop by the scholars. The Colonial Treasurer has received a cable message from the Agent-General, stating that New South Wales a percent inscribed stock is quoted on the London Stock Exchange atl07J. The Mining Department has received a telegram from the mining warden at Bingera, stating that the Australian Diamond Mining Company has washed 270 loads, and gained 920 diamonds, weighing 1072 carats. A meeting was held at the Oxford Hotel to-night to arrange a match for the sculling championship of the world between Hanlan and Beach within seven months. After some discussion the match was made, but the date was left open for the present. A committee was appointed to wait on Clifford's party and request them to allow the race between Hanlan and Beach to be rowed before the race between Beach and Clifford, which had been arranged for 28th February. Sailed : Currajong, s., for Brisbane. VICTORIA. MrxrcotmNE, September 15. The Minister for Mines has requested the Agent-General to bring under the notice of the proper Imperial authorities the careless manner in which explosives are frequently stowed in ships from English ports. The Excise Department has been making special efforts to carry out the Trade Marks Statute, and prevent the substitution of inferior spirits for those of well-known brands. The income of the department from fines for successful prosecutions amounts to over £3000 per annum. Frederick Marshall, the well-known actor, having considerably improved in health, is now visiting Adelaide. The foundation-stone of the new public offices at Donald was laid to-day by Mr. Deakin, Minister for Works. Mr. Deakin stated that a bill would be soon introduced to deal decisively with the rabbit nuisance. The Chamber of Manufacture to-night passed a resolution in favour of penny postage throughout the colony. The general entries for the Caulfield Cup meeting, which takes place on Saturday, the 11th October, were made to-day. For the Caulfield Guineas the following entries were received Rebus, Merrimu, Rufus, Silver King, David, Chloe, Leporella, Sandal, Helene, Gratitude, Tremando, Sirocco, Pilot, Bohemian, Cairngorm, and Wcctallabah, Waiting Maid, Hampstead, Fernside, First Prince, Beaudesert, Phaon, Cardigan, Queen's Own, First Flaneur, Corday, Eagle, Grange, Nelly Farren, Ledos, Osric, Tyrrel, Beech, Remus, Brink man, Wolseley, California, Cairns, Nordenfeldt, Percussion, Matchlock, Lennox, Hexham, Monte Christo, Prctorian, Uralla, Angora, Algerian, Guards, and Perchance. For the Great Foal Stakes. Merry Christmas, [Gas Burner, Local Option, Oercste, Karrovvecn, School Girl, Waiting Maid, First Prince, Ring- master, Sanorgron, b.f. by Julian Avenel Lady Adelaide, Carew, bred. by Epigram-Phaon, and blk c. by King of the Ring-Lady Hilton. For the Caulfield Cup Commotion, Malua, Welcome Jack, Martini-Henry, The Plunger, Fryingpan, Sir Modred, Sweet William, Warwick, Chuckster, Ringwood, Despot, Boolka, Duration, Rapid, Anglesey, Capri, The Andes, Colstoun, Hastings, Sir Garnet (late The Hebrew), Britisher, Scaramouche, Iron- master, The Ghost, Salvo, Maroney, Claptrap, Baron von Mueller, Conjecture, Ned o' the Hills, Vergy, Comet, Victress, Troy, Lately, Came- rino, Bataillous, Blink Bonny, Iron and, Bond Or, Morceau, Black Diamond, King of the Gipsies, Rufus, Paganini, Plausible, Silver King, Lord Clifden, Privateer, Signor, Norfolk, Sirocco, Meteor, Vernet, The Agent, Lord Wilton, Robert the Devil, Flying Jib, Hebne, Too Too, Lavington, Eskatos, Tomboy, His Worship, Fourette, Sea Horse, Permit, and Hawthorne. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, September 15. At a meeting of the City Council to-day a by-law to prohibit street processions, and aimed principally at the Salvation Army, was submitted, but after discussion was negatived on a division by 6 to 4. It was resolved at the same meeting that unless the lessees of the old racecourse of the Adelaide Racing Club comply with the terms of the lease and remove the galvanised iron fence and substitute a picket one within a month, legal steps will be taken to cancel the lease. [REUTER'S AGENCY.] ADELAIDE, September 14. On the arrival at Adelaide of the Messageries Maritimes steamer Caledonien the passengers and crew were personally examined by the health officer, Dr. Toll, and there being no disease on board, a clean bill of health was granted. The Caledonien sailed from Scma phone for Melbourne at 9 p.m. yesterday. THE Royal Humane Society of Australasia have decided that in future all application for the society's awards shall be dealt with by the court of directors. A reserve subscription has been opened in Amsterdam and Rotterdam in aid of the families of the crew of the Nisero now detained in Sumatra. IN case of an emergency the Fire Department of Boston has located in different parts of the city 238 reservoirs, each containing from 300 to 500 gallons of water. Du. BONE, of Castlemaine, has written to the Board of Health advising that bank managers be instructed to fumigate all notes passing through their hands. THE Thames Conservators are about to deepen the channel of the river between Teddington and Isleworth. That part of the river has almost entirely disappeared. AT the Lower Tate, about seventy miles from Return Creek, in a creek said to be three chains wide, some forty men are at work stacking washdirt that will go about lb. of tin to the dish. A CORRESPONDENT of the Wild River Times states that the Star of Hope claim near Herberton would be worth £80,000 if water were brought to it, which could be done by an expenditure of not more than £500. Dit. HEUTEICH WEISS, writing in the Vienna Radical Journal, advocates as the best prophylactic against cholera the use of hydrochloride, men employed in cases of indigestion. He says that it effectually destroys the cholera bacillus. 