A. Witness for the Defence, IN THIIUB piIAl'l'EHS.' — lOUAPTBB II, When I got brick to town, tho sessions woio only a week of; sa the first thing I did wa3 to oall on the solioitor in oharge of my mur der case, in orclor to learn from him how it stood, and to', take it off his hands. Tbu magistrate, o£ oourse, had sent tha prisoner for trial. When I came to read the deposi tions, the pasp against him seemed perfectly simple, and as oonoluaive as oiroumstantial evidence could mako it. Tho crimo had not ocourred bo long ago but that a diligent searoh had unearthed several witnesses. The ser vant-girl, who hod now become tho wifo of n, dairyman in the immediate neighborhood, waa found. Sho proved the bad oonduot of younn Harden, and the ill-will whioh gradually gr'ov/ up botwoon him and her former mistress. Sho also spoke to his ejeotment from the house on the day of the murder, and to his threat* at tho street door. She sworo to the knife, whioh had been in the possession of tho polioo ever since, as having belonged to tho prisoner. There wore other witnesses to the samo facts ; and tho landlord, my client, and several others, proved the flourishing of tho identical knife and the ominous words in the publio-houso. To complete tho chain, tho man who had instructed me provod tho find ing of tho knifo in the room whero the mur dor was oominitted; and two or threo wit nesses romombered . being by his Bids and seeing him stoop down and pick it.up. These, with the final faots of his sudden' disappear ance and ohangos of name, appeared both to me and to my friend to bo capable of being Bpun into a rope quite strong onough to swing John Hardon out of the world. ' But,' said my solioitor- friend, ' the queor est thing of all is that no one is going to ap pear for the prisoner.' 11 No one to appear for him ? ' J'Noone. Young Elkin holda a watohing brief on behalf of priaoner'a master, and that is all. Ho said Harden had been in Mr. Slo oum's — that's his master — sorvioe for over sevon yeara, behaving extremely well all the time. _ Ho was invaluable to his old master, who is somothing of an invalid. He had turned religious, and was disgusted at hia for mer wiokeel life.'. ' But I Buppose he l-as money — or, at any rate, if Sloouiu is so fond of him, why doesn't he pay for the defonoo? ' ' Why, it seems that hia notion of religion forbids Harden to avail himself of worldly arts. Slooura ia only too anxious to retain some ono ; but Harden won'tjjhave it, and no one oan persuade him. Says ho is in the hands of a Higher Power, and it shall be given him what he shall speak, and all tho reat of it. He wauled to make a speeoh to the magis trate; but Slooum, by Elkin's adviae, did manage to induce him to hold his tongue for the present, and Bay he would reserve hia do fenoe. Of oourso they hope ho will oome to his senBes before tho trial. But I don't know how that will be. I never saw suoh an ob stinate pig. Only gave in to his master about not speaking because tho poor man began to whimper in oourt 1 ' Tho main part of my work had boon done for me, and it only remained to bespeak copies of tho depositions, see the wituesnes, and mako Bure, that they intended to say at tho Old Bailey substantially the same things as they had said at tho police oourt — a most neces sary precaution, tho imagination being so vivid in people of this olasa that they aro very likely to amplify their tale if possiblo— and preparothe brief for the proseouting coun sel. This done, I had but to let things take their aourse. ^ Whon tho day of the trial oame, I was betimes in my place at tho Central Criminal Court, having various other oases in hand there. Tho prisoners, as is customary, were first put up and arraigned— that is, had the substanoo of thoir several indictments read over to them— and wore oallod on to plead ' guilty ' or ' not guilty.' Those disposed of, the casefor John Harden was called, and Hooked at him with aomo ouriosity. No sooner had I done so than 1 knew that his was a face upon whioh at somo timo or other I had looked beforo, and of which I had taken note. It is a useful poouliarity of mine that I never forgot a faoe to whioh I have oneo paid any attention, and I oan generally re oolleot tha plaoo and oiroumstancoB under whioh I last saw it. But hero tho latter part of my powers failed mo. I knew the faoe well, but could not imagine when and whoro I had beheld it. I even knew that I had seen tha man baro-headed, and that ho was not then, as now, bald on tho orown. Tho thing worried me not a little. In tho meanwhile, John Harden was being put up to take his trial for the murder of Agatha Hardon. 'I, m' lud, appear to prosecute in this oaso,' said my oounaol, starting up and down again like the blade of u knife. ' Does nobody appear for the prisoner ? ' asked the judgo. - ' I understand, m' lud, that tho prisoner is not represented,' said oounsol, appearing and disappearing as before. ' My lord,' said an agitated voioo from tho body of tho court, ' I havo used all possiblo efforts ? ' ' Si-lonoe I ' proolaimod tho ushor. ' Who is that? ' inquired the judge, look ing over his speotaolos. _ 'My lord, I am this foolish fellow'B master ; and I am perfectly convinced ? ' ' I oannot hear you, sir. If the prisonor wishes to havo oounsol assigned to him for his defenoo, I will name a gentleman, and will tako pare that theprisoner shall havo due opportunity for his instruction ; and it you desiro to give evidence on his bohalf, you oan do bo. — Prisonor, ia it your wish that counsel bo assignod to you for your defonoo ? ' Harden had been standing with hiB hoad slightly bont, and his oluaped hands rontiug on the rail of tho dook. Ho now looked up at the judge, and replied in a grave and impas sive voice : ' My lord, I wish no help but tho help of God. I am in His hands, and I am an inuooont man. If Ho seos good to deliver mo, He will do bo. Who am I, that I should interfere with His. work ? ' 'You appear to me,' said tho judgo gently, II to be under an unfortunate delusion. You say rightly that you aro in God's hands ; but that should not hinder you froth using suoh instruments for your deliverance aa Ho oilers you. Onoo more I will ask, do you now dosiro to bo ropresonted by counsel ? ' ' I do not, my lord.' ? ' Bo be it.— Now, Mr. Clincher.' Rising onoo more, counsel for tho proseou tion proceeded to open his oaso. It was oloar and straightforward, put oonoisely and tell ingly, and embraoed the faots whioh tho reader alroady knows. Ho then oalled hia witnesses; and aa eabh after oaoh loft tho box, it waa easy to neo from tho faces of the jury that things were likely to go hard with tho prisoner. Always, in answer to tho in quiry, ' Do you wish to put any questions to this witness ? ' Hardnn replied : ' No, my lord. Ha has naid tho truth, for all I know.' So smoothly did tho truth run its course, that only onoinoidont called for romark. This waa when my client got into tho box ; and so indecently oagor did ho appoar to bo to pro ouro tho oonviotion of tho prisonor, that ho twieo oallod down upon himsolf a novero ro buke from tho judge for porsistontly volun teering irrolovant atatomonts to Harden 'a prejudico. And when oounaol at longtlTsaid, 'That, m' lud, ia my oaso,' and sat down, but little doubt remained as to the prisoner's fate. I still sat with my gazo fasoinatod by the sot face in the dook, trying — trying to romombor when and where I had last looked upon it. 'Do you propose, prisoner, to oall any wit nesses ?' asked the judgo. .-? 'Only my master, my lord— Mr. Slocum. Ho'H speak for mo, and he'll say, I know, that I'm not the man to kill any living thing'.' ' Very well. And now,' before oalling him, do you desire to address the jury 11' Tho intorost of tho oase, whioh, except for that interest whioh is inseparable from a, trial for murder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a human being was virtually at grip3 with death. For what had just paa3cd moant that there was no defence ? or attempt at a defence, that tho jury must conviot, and that tho mau must die, without hope of meroy for bo oowardly and ungrateful a murderer. Thero was not a sound in the court. It was lato in tha afternoon, and fcha winter sun was sotting. Its rays lit up the orimson hangings, tho soarlet robes of the judgn, tho mtent faooa, all looking one way, tho drooping head and whito composed oountonanoo of tho priaoner — tho man stand-, ing up there in full hoalth and strougth, and whoso lifo was going down with tho sun. ' I havo but u fow words to say, my lord and gentlemen. - 1 didn't do it. I waa bad enough, and maybo cruel onough in those days to doit; but I didn't. I was ao drunk and so mad, my lord . and gontlomen, that I might havo done it if it had happened earlier in tho day, unknown almost to myaolf, and bo standing here rightly onough. But I know I couldn't hav.e dono it, and why ? Beoause I waa miles away at the timo.. My poor aunt, as I've hoard from what has been said, must have been killed between a quarter to and a quarter past eight in. the evening. Well, at eight o'clook I waa at least fivo miles off. If I'd dono it directly the girl went out of the house — as she nays, at a quarter to oight— it isn't aooording to reason that I could havo broken open tho cupboard, took tho monoy, and got fivo miloa off in a quarter of an hour.' He stopped, and drew tho cuff of his coat aoross hiB forehead. Whoro had I seen him before I Where and when had I soon him do that very aotion ? ' 0, gentlemen, I couldn't havo dono it I I oouldn'l, bad as I was 1 I know, now, how bad that must havo boon — the mercy of God has been upon me sinoe thoso days — but bad as I was, I owed hor too much, and knew it, to havo hurt her in any way. Won't you beliove me ? I tell you I was milea away at tho timo— miloa away. Who can tell us you're saying truo ? you will ask. No one, I Buppose. Not a soul wag near mo that I know to oomo hora and apeak tho truth for me this day: But I know the same God that saved Daniel oan save mo from a sorry pn'd, if it is His wiH to do it— if not, His will be done ! I'm keeping you too long, only Baying tho samo over and over again. I'll just tell you how it was, aud I'vo done, and you must do a3 duty bids you.' Another pause. The Bilenoe of death, or rather of a doathbod. Tho faces in tho dis tanoe of tho darkoned oourt 'shimmered through thd gloom, liko those of spectres waiting to woloomo a ooming shade. Then the gas-light burst forth, and all sprang into suddon distinctness, and there was a general half-stir as of reliof. ' Oh, isn't thoro ono hero that oan speak for me ? Is thoro any one who remembers tho great gaB-niain exploBion in ? Street that year ? ' tthere was again a stir, and a more decided onu. Olearly thero were many in court who roinombored it. I did, for one. And remem bering it, I seemed an one in a tunnel, who sees tho glimmer from tho distant opening, but oan distinguish no feature of tho landscape beyond. 'I waa there— that night. It waa the night of the day I waa turned out of doors— tho night of tho murder. How I oamo to bo thoro, bo far from my aunt's neighborhood, I don't know, but I found myself working hard, helpiug'to lift tho stones and timber of the houso-fronts that wore blown in, and getting tho poor crushed peoplo out. I worked a long time, till I was like to drop ; and a policeman clapped ma on tho book and gave mo a word of praise and a drink of beor out of a oan. I wonder whoro that policemau ia now, and if he'd remember ? ' He did not respond, wherever he might bo. No ono to help— no friendly plank to bridge over the yawning grave. What was it, this that I was trying so hard to recall ? 'I wandered off after that into tho by streets. I knew those parts well. I had had a oomrado who used to live there, and many a wioked and foolish prank wo'd played thureabouts. Thu beer I had just drunk on an empty stomach had muddled mo again a bit,, but I was quite sober enough to know ovory stop of the way 1 wont, and remember it now. I turnod up Hoadley Street, and thon to tho left along Blewitt Street ; and jufifc when my aunt must havo boen struggling with tho wrotoh that took her lifo, whoever it waa, I heard a olook atriko oight. I did, gontlomen, and I suppose I never thought of it since ; but now I remember it as dear aa day. I waa standing at tho timo at tho oorner of Hauraki Street.' It all oamo baok to mo in a moment I I hoard tho patter of the rain on tho oab-rooi— I Baw tho gleam of the infrequent lights on tho wet flaga— I listened- to tho objurgationa of tho oabinan at tho obstructing dray — I tosk note of tho roflflotion in tho mirror, tho queer streot-namo which would not rhymo so aa to make sense. Tho strokes of the cloak strik ing oight were in my ears. I Baw the lamp at tho oorner, and tho man underneath look up at it— tho' man with tho short broad faoo, the sharp ohin, tho long thin mouth turned down at the corners, and tho blank in tho front teeth— tho inuooent man I was hound ing to his iluath— tho prisonor at tho bar 1 As I sprang to my feet,' down with a orash went my bag full of papers, my hat and um brella, bo that oven tho impassive judgo gave a start, and tho usher, waking up, onco more proclaimed ' Silonco 1 ' with ahookod and in jured inflection. Heodlesa of the majeaty of thu law, I beckoned, to my counsol, and ho loaned ovor to mo in aurpriso, I whispered oarnestly in his ear. I nover saw Hie human faoo express more entire astonishment. How over, aooing that I waa unmistakeably in earnest, ho merely nodded and roso to his feet. 'Your lordship will pardon me,' ho Baid, 'for interfering at this stage between tha priaonor and tho jury ; but I am iuatruoted to mako a communication whioh I foel sure will bo as astounding to your lordship and tho jury as it ia to myaolf. I think I may Bay that it is the most surprising aud unpreoe dentod thing whioh over ooourrod in a oourt of justice. My lord, the solioitor who in atruots mo to proaoouto tondors himself as a witnoss for tho dofonoo 1 ' CONOMJBtoN; To say that there, was a ' sensation ' would feobly desoribo what followed. Every ono in oourt sprang to his feot. '.I Tho prisoner looked aa if ho had aeon a ghost. Thero waa a porfeot hubbub of voices, aa b&r; andgury talked among themselves, and my brothron at tho solicitors' tablo poured quoations upon ? mo, to nono of whioh I replied. Silonco being restored, tho voioo of tho judge — gravo and dignified, but with a perceptiblo tremor — deu- condod liko vocal oil on the troubled waves of sound. ' Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher?' ' Mr. Bonfcloy, my lord.' Tho judgo looked inoro astonished than ovor. My namo was familiar onough to him as a judgo, and ho had known it ovon better whon, as a loading barrister, ho had hold many a brief from mo. ' I am porsuadod,' said ha, ' that a gentle man of Mr. Bontloy's roputo and oxporionoe has good roason for what ho does. But ao extraordinary and unheard- of ? I will ask Mr. Bentley himsolf if he really oonsidors that duty roquiros him to offer himoelf as a witness, and when and why ho camo to that conclusion ? ' 'I My lord,' I repliod, ' I am oertain that, believing what I had oauso to beliove within; tho last fivo minutes, I should be greatly, to blame if 1 did not testify on oath to certain faots whioh are within my own knowledge... But if tho prisoner ohooses to oall mo as a wit-' ness, your lordship will proaently understand , why it ia that, with all submission, I oannot .at this moment, or until-I am in tho box, give my roaaona. And I must add that the value of niy evidonce to the prisoner will greatly depend on hia answers to certain queB tiona which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers mo aa I expeot, I believe my ovi denoe will put an end to the oaso against him.' ?;...-.. . . . ? ' Rsally, gentlemen of the' jury,' said his lordship, ' this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aapeot. I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the proseouting BOlioitor is the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to Bay, whioh over oame under my notice. It ib tho more diflioult for me to deoido beoauao tho prisoner has not tho advantage of ooun sol'a assistance.— Prisoner, ia it your wish that thia gentleman should be oalled aa a wit nosy on your behalf ? You have hoard what he has Baid about certain questions whioh he wishos to put to you beforehand. Of course you are not bound to answer any such ques tions, and may novertheleas o&U; him. What do you say ?' ' I am in God's bands,' my lord,' answered tho priaoner, who was quito oalm again. ??' It may be that He was raised up a deliverer for me— I cannot tell. But I know that if Ho wills that I ahould die, no man can save me ; if Ho wills to savo mo, r/Sught can do mq harm. So I am ready to answer any ques tions the gentleman wishes.' . ;'_I propose,' Baid tho judge, 'before de ciding turn extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Rsoorder in the next court.' All roao aa the judge retired ; and during hia absenoo I eabaped the questiona whioh assailed me from every Bide by burying my self in a oonBultation with my. counsel. -When he hoard what thu reader knows, he fully uphold me in what I proposed to do; and then throw himself baok in his Beat with the air of a man whom nothing - oould evor astonish again. ' Si-lenoe 1 ' oried tho usher. The judge was returning. ????-.? 'Ihavo deoided,' said he, 'to allow the questions to be put as Mr. Bentloy proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to me for my approval.' I Bat down and wroto my questions, and they were passed up to the judgo. As ho read them, ha looked more surprised than ever. But all ho said, as he handed them down, waa, ' Put tho questions.' I walked up to the dook and gave thorn into the prisoner's hands, together with my penoil. Ho read them, oarefully through, and wrote hia ahawera slowly and with con sideration. With tho paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was Bworn. ' My evidence was to the effeot already stated. As I described the man I had . seen under the lamp, with my faoe averted from tho prisoner and turned to tho jury, I saw that they wero making a caroful comparison, and that,- allowing for the ohango wrought by twelve years, they found that tho description tallied olosely with tho man's appearance. ' I produoo this paper, on whioh I just now wrote certain questions, to whioh the priaoner wrote the answers undor my eyes. These are the questiona and answers : ' Question : Wero you smoking when you camo up to the corner -of Hauraui-atreot ? — Anawor : No. ' Quoation : Did you afterwards smoke ? — Answor : I had no lights. ' Question : Did you try to get a light ?— Anawor : Yes, by olimbing a lamp at the oorner ; but I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against tho cross bar. ' Question : Whore did you oarry your pipe and tobaooo? — Answer: In my hut. ' Thoso answers,' I oonoludod,' aro abso lutely.oorreot in every partioular. The man whom I saw under tho lamp, at eight o'clook on tho night of tho murder, behaved as tho answers indicate. That concludes the ovi denco I havo folt bound to tender.' Aud I handed tha alip.of paper to tho usher for in spoation by tho jury. ' Priaoner,' inquired tho judge, ' do you call any other witness ? ' ' I do not, my lord.' ' Then, gontlomen,' said the judgo, turning to the jury, ' tho one remark that I shall make to you ia thia— that if you believe tho story of the prisoner's witneaa, there oan bo little doubt but that the prisoner was the mau whom tho witness saw at the oorner of Hauraki-street at oight o'oloak on tho night in question ; and if that was bo, it ia oloar, on tho caso of tho proscoution, that he cannot have committed this murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is likely, to Bay tho least, to be without bias in the prisoner's favor, and that hia ovidenoo is very strongly corroborated indcod by the prisoners answers to tho writton questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now oonsidor your verdiot.' 'Wo aro agreed, my lord,' Baid the fore man. ' Gentlemen of the jury,' sung out- the olork of arraigns, ' aro you- all agreed upon your vovdiot ? ' ' iYe are.' . ' And that vordiot is ? ' 'Not guilty.' .. . ' And that is tho vordiot of you all ?' ' It ia.' Thero followed a burst of oheoring whioh the usher oould not Bilonoo, but whioh silenced itself as tho judgo was soon to be spoaking. 'John Harden— I am thankful, every man in this oourt is thankful— that your trust in the mercy aud power of the AU-moroiful and All-powerful has not bean in vain, You stand acquitted of a foul crime by tho unhesitating verdiot of the jury, and most woudorful has been your dolivoranco. You go forth a free man ; and I am glad to think that tho goodness of God 1ms been bestowed on ono who has repented of his past sins, an,d who is not likely, I hope and believe, to be unmindful of that goodness hereafter. You aro discharged.' Had ho. boon loft to himsolf, I think tho prisoner's old master would havo olimbed into tho dook, with the view of personally deliver ing his sorvanC out of the house of bondage. But ho was restrained bjra sympathetic con stable, while John Harden was ro-oonvoyed - ? for a abort time to tho gaol, to undergo oor tain neooBsary/formalitioa oonnected with hia roloaso from oustody. I voluutoered to tako - charge of Mr. Slooum, and took him to tho voatibulo of tho prison, overwholnied during tho short walk by thanks? and 'praises. Wo wore soon joinod by Harden, whono meeting with hia master brought a lump into the throat ovqn of a tough criminal lawyer liko myself. I aaw them into a eab, and thoy drove oil to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to call on mo next day, and enlighten mo on oertain points as to whioh I waa still in tho dar Aa strange a part of my story as any, has yol to bo told. I had hardly got baok to my office and sottled down to read over the various lottera whioh wore awaiting my signature, when my late client (Harden's proseoutor) was announaed. I had lost sight of him in the oxoitement whioh followed tho acquittal. Us did not wait to loam whethor I waa ongaged -jr not, but rushed after tho clork into my rooin^ Ha was ashon whito, or rather gray, and his knees shook so that ho oould soarooly stand; but his oyea positively blazod with wrath. Leaning over my tablo, ho proceeded, in tho presonco of the aatoniahed olork, to pour upon mo a^lood of abuse and invootivo of tha foulest kind. I had sold him ; I was in leaguo with tho prisonor. I was a swindr ling thiof of a lawyer, whom ho would have struok off tho rolls, &o.; ; until I really thought he had gone out of hia mind, As soon f.a I oould gat in a word, I curtly explained that it waa no part of a lawyer's duty to try and hang a man whom ho knew to bo innocent. ' Aa ho only replied with abusive language, I ordered him out of the oflico. Tho office quieted itself onco more — boing far too busy, and also too well aoous tomed to eooentrio people to havo time for long wondorment at anything — and in an hour I had finished my work, and waa pre paring to leave for home, when another vibi tor was announood— Inspeotor Forrester. 'Well, Mr. Forrester, what's tho matter now? I'm just going off.' ?'??? ' Sorry if I put you out of the way, sir; but I thought you'd like to hear what's hap pened. The proseoutor in Harden's oase has given himself up for the murder I ' 'What?!1 1 shouted. ... - , ' He just has, sir. It's a fyueer day, {his is. When I heard you get up. and give ovi donoe for the man you were proseouting, I thought ouriositiea-^WAS ovor for ever; but soema they afn't, and never will bo.' 'How was.it?' ' Well, ' he oamo into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit oast down, but that was all. Said fate waa. against him, and had saved the man ho thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any. longer. I oautioned- him, o£ oourse— told him to sleep ou it beforo he said anything ; but make a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdaririg the old lady for hor monoy had oome into hia mind in a flash when he saw that poor drunken fool ex hibiting his knife in the tavorn'. Ho followed him, and picked his pooket of tho knifo, and then hung about the house, meaning to got in after dark. Thon ho Baw the girl oome out and go off, leaving tha door olosed but not latohed, the Oarelesa hussy 1 Then in slips the gentleman, .and does what he'd made up hia mind to— for you see the old woman know him well, so. he oouldn't afford to leavo her alivb — gets the cashj and slips out. All in gold it was, two hundred and fifty pounds. Whon ho hoard that Harden oouldn't bo found, he got. uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though ho did well enough in trade with the monoy. Seems he oonsidored ho wasn't safe until aomoone had been hanged. So, whon he recognised Hardon, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to get him oonviotod— whioh I noticed myself, sir, as of oourse you did, and thought it queer too, I don't doubt. He took too uiuoh paina, ? you seo — he must employ you to make cer tain, inetead of leaving it to us ; whereas i£ he hadn't oomo to you, your ovidenoo would never have been given, and I think you'll say nothing could' have saved the prisoner.' It was true enough. Tho wretched man had insured tho failure of his own fiendish design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone 1 I learned next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light hia pipa on that memorable evoning, had wandered for hours through tho hard-hearted streets, until at daybreak he had found himself in tho dooks,, looking at a largo ship preparing to drop down, the river with the tide. How he had managed to slip abroad unseen and stow him self away in tho hold, with some idea of bettering hia not ' over- bright fortunes in foreigu parta. How ho had supported hia lifo iu tho hold with stray fragmenta of biB ouit, whioh he happened to havo in his -? pooketa, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against battling winds, whon thoy were out in mid-channel, the ububI search for stowaways had unearthed him. How tho captain, after giving him plenty of strong languago and ropo's-ond, had at length agreed to pillow him to work as a sailor on board tho vessel. How .on landing at Syd ney he had gono into tho interior, takon ser vice with his present master— under anothor name than hia own, wishing 'to disconnect himaelf entirely with his formor.lifo — and by honestly doing his duty had attained his present position. By the light of thia narrative, that whioh had puzzled me became perfeotly dear — namely, how it was that he had oontrived not only to gat so cntiroly loat in spite of the hue and cry after him, but also to romain in ignorance of hia aunt's fate. My client was triod, oonviotod, and exe cuted in duo ooiirse; hia plea of guilty and voluntary surronder having no weight against tho cruel aud cowardly attempt to put an innooont man in hia place. When I last saw John Hardon, he was marriod to a serious lady, who had. been hia late mastor's housekeeper, and was possessor of a prosperous general shop in a oountry village, stocked by moans of the monoy whioh Mr. Slooum had generously loft him. 