The regulations for the new military forces, which wo published iu full yesterday, appear to havo been framed to meet every conceivable contingency that can. happen in military lifo, and may be taken as an indication that tho work of " soldiering " will for the future be conducted in n Eerious and business-like spirit. Nobody is forced to join the service against his will, and tho recruit who joins it of his own accord cannot complain if he is required to subscribe to certain disciplinary condi tions. It will bo 110 hardship for him to conduct himself "like an ollicor and a gentleman while ho is on the parade ground, to refrain from tho use of un becoming language, to keep himself sober i as long as ho is in uniform, to obey orders even if he does not like them, and to accept a reproof without resenting it even if ho feels that the reproof is undeserved. Not that he xs loft without tho means of redressing his wrongs, lay clause 17 it is provided that if ho ha3 causo to think himself aggrieved he may represent his case through his superior officer, who will transmit it to the proper authorities. Great stress is properly placed upon tho necessity of keeping discipline in all ranks, and with this view members of tho force are forbidden to givo publicity to thoir individual opinions upon ques tions that may happen to be under dis cussion, anu above all to refrain from sending anonymous complaints to the press, or from giving information rela tive to tho manoeuvres, operations aud movements of tlio force which may be calculated to defeat thoir object. A very salutary piotosc is directed against tbe habit which was rathor too popular among the gallant volunteers of "the old poriod of getting up testimonials te each other, or combining to pass what was equivalent to either a vote of censure or a vote of praiso upon their superior officers. Among other aids to discipline. commanding officers retain tho power to enforce fines for various minor offences, such as negligence in dress, talking in tbo ranks, inattention, and so on ; and any member of the force absent without leave for a period of threo months is to bo dismissed, and his dismissal announced in tho c riKetw. A special division of tho regulations is devoted to tho interior economy of the force, the subordination of ranks iu tho field, the responsibilities of the various officers for the administration of j the funds entrusted to their care, and tho length of sorvico : c- quired of them before they may be retired. At 'the commencement of each year, command ing officers will bo credited for each otloctive member the sum >: dt's. per head, together with 80s. per head on tho established strength, and this sum is to be expended on clothing " not including " groatcocts," storerooms, expenses inci dental to target practice and prizes, and any other expenditure authorised by the Council of iDofcnce. On or boforo tho 10th of July in each 'year n balanco sheet of tho past "ear's receipts aud expenditure must be for warded to tho Minister of Defence ; aud the Council of Defence shall from timo to time havo all books and accounts of any commanding officer examined and reported on by competent auditors. In thoir relations to tho Imporial service, officers will rank as juniors of their re spective ranks. Competent officers who ha-.e ckeady served in either service may bo appointed to the militia on tho nomination of the Governor-in-Couneil, and after passing such practical exami nation as may be directod ; and every other candidato for a commission must pass through the school of instruction, and obtain a certificate of fitness for his branch of the service. All recommend ations for appointments, promotions and resignations of officers will bo made by, commanding officers to the command ant. finch in outline are tho regulations which deal with the organisation aud internal economy of tho new national army ; and while, to tho civilian, a few of them may appear stringent, they do not as a whole present anything to startle society with the suspicion that any dan gerous element is about to minglo itself with our democratic lifo and habits. Our volunteer experience has already ac customed the public mind to the presence of a military gradation of rank and . a system of discipline which can bo easily shown to bo iu many respects in consistent with tho democratic senli- mont ; and if wo aro required to mako any additional sacrifico of our prejudices, tho object after all is tho safety of tlio common wealth. Hitherto, socioty has managed to bcr up very well against the superior pretensions of the' awe- comrnai Dug cocked b-.t aud mu cin nary spur, and as the militia, Uio tho volunteers, is to all in- tents a citizen force, we may hope to avoid any alarming collision between the military and the civil sentiment. Some such force as we aro creating is admitted by all competent authorities to be needful for the effectual protection of. tho colony; and though any attack that . may be made upon us will probably have to be mot and resisted on sea and not ' by land, it is as well to be prepared for both emergencies. ' Any criticism that the publication of tho regulations will excite in the ranks of the force itself will probably bo directed fcr the most part upon tho section dealing with the qualifications for an effective, and the scale of payments and allowances, but as theso points have already received ; discussion while tho measure was pass ing through Parliament, it is not likely that any very strong interest will be re vived in them. The regulations havo received the assent of the Governor-in- : Council, and they are not likely to bo altered unless experience pro vc3 that " they materially interfere with the use fulness and popularity of the system. It is only natural that tho tragedyot ; lizzie Murphy should call attention to the very different measure which is meted out by society and law to men and women who fall short of the require ments of moral purity. A very striking letter which we published on Wednes day last from " A Woman" gives expres sion to this feeling in its strongest form. . "I see little or no horror expressed for " "our fallen brothers," says our corre spondent, who goes on to suggest that society should treat the licentious man precisely as it treats the degraded woman, and that women should have a voice in making the laws that determine tho social relations of tha sexes. Thero is no doubt that this argument expresses a very , real conviction, and that thousands of the best men and women are horror- stricken at the terrible inequality of tho' , results to seducer und seduced. The man who has gratified a passing caprice at the expense of a girl's whole career generally manages to hush the matter up at a little cost in money. Tlio girl, who may havo been too young tho roughly to understand what she was doing, who may havo been deceived by treacherous promises, or who may havo yielded to a blind impulse of self-sacri ficing affection, becomes an outcast, and is condemned for ever to such companion ship as she can find in the streets, the taproom and tho brothel. Certainly thero is no ground for any distinction of this kind in the teaching of tho New Testament Our Lord and his apostles condemn impurity without the faintest reference to sex, and it is the more noticeable they should do so, a3 we know frofii tho literaturo of those times that tho lorott-e of Corinth or Borne played much tho samo part in society that the lorette of London or l'aris now does. Moreover, tho reason St. Paul gives against immorality, that our bodies ought to be tho temples of the Holy Ghost, is ono that cannot be said to ad mit of any distinction between man and woman. In oiir own days the great Norwegian dramatist, Ibsen, has treated tho question with, ghastly power in 0110 f his latest produc tions, tho play of " Ghost3," show ing how tho husband's vice may mean unspeakable degradation to tho wife, aud the inheritance of disease aud death to the children. Against all this wo have to set off the fact that for many centuries the legisla tion of every civilised country has visited immorality in the wife with graver penalties than immorality in tho hus band, and that men aud women in society have agreed to be pitiless towards a woman who commits a single offence, and to take no notice of a man's vices unless ho creates a public scandal. In short, the present position would seem to bo that tho best school of ethics knows no difference between the two sexes, except to regard the seducer as worse tL..n the seduced, and that -.lirt nf rnf.nra nA inavnt»nKlA for each alike, punishing the man if anything more heavily than the woman ; but that socioty, which is supposed to be guided in its decisions by experience and a sonse of advantage. Las established the very wide difference against which there is. now a secret but important revolt. The important point it will be seen is to find out whether law and custom are in any way justified in working out a new rule of life to themselves. As regards law, we think there is no doubt that the primitive theory which in- :. -.enced the legislation of the pagan world was tha belief that a woman who brought a false heir into a family committed an inexpiable sin against tho worship of ancestors, and con demned her husband to endloss misery in case there was no proper eldest 6on to make offerings for him. The "new society was bound to bo equally strict with that which it replaced, and the gislation oi early times does, in fact, snow a great tendency to what our pre sent reformers contend for : the treating of mon and women on the same footing. Then canm iu primogeniture, and European lawyers, in their wor ship of landed property, discovered that it was an inexpiable crime iu a woman to be guilty of conduct that might throw doubt upon tho titlo to an estate. Tho adulteress, in fact, came to bo regarded much as a forger might bo who executed a dishonest transfer. It is needless to say that this argument is of the slightest possible value. Instances of the' kind are not common with eldest sons in well connected families, and, except in the siagla case of an heir to land, there is no great difference between a woman who has a spurious child supported at tho coat of tho family, and a man who has to diminish tho means appropriated" to his wife and hor children for the sup port of a natural child. Therefore, the argument from property, though it cannot be altogether disregarded, does not seem to warrant any great difference in tho treatment of tho sexes. It is different ' when wo como to household relations. A wife or daughter who- brings impurity into the house breaks up the family. When the frailty has once been detected it cannot bo put out oE sight or covered no. No one, we think, can say that young children j, would be cs much de moralised by knowing tbat a brother had slopt one night out of the house in a place where he had no buriuess to be, as by finding out that a sister had gone wrong, and by having to witness the various stages of motherhood. Wh:?j thero is this tremendous practical difference in tho consequences it is only natural that there should bo a great practical differoiica iu dealing with the offence. Naturally, parents- are more careful to guard their daughters from the smallest suggestion of evil or evil influence than watch over their sons. The girls grow up more or less in happy ignorance, the boys aretoo often allowed to rough ii and become acquainte-' with tho facts pi 