„.J , ,!' . i \j >; .'! i .H - N christ ohurcfh' festival. The tea-raooting in oonriection with the above wak held 'in the market-hall at six o'olook last night, and even prior to thatliour the seats at the table wore nearly fillod. There were eleven tables with two forms to each, thus providing sitting accommodation for about 250. The ladies, who supplied the provisioning, had gone to great trouble in their preparations, as if vic ing with each other as to who would have tho most sumptuous and elegant spread. Cakes, of manifold description, pastry in great variety, cream-tarts and dainties were laid out in great profusion, taking up almost tho wholo space on the tables, excopt what was reserved for flowers of the greatest variety obtainable, placed in handsome vases or graceful epergnes. The somewhat rough, dull-coloured walls of the market wore little seen under the decorations of ovorgroons occupying the spaces between the stalls, while at tho extremity of tho hall extra care was bestowed in the ornamentation which was further made more effectivo by a banner of white, with letters of leaves, " Welcome to the bachelors' table." The Rev. B. Reed hav ing arrived at 6 o'clock he pronounced a brief blessing, and thus all tho ladies felt at liberty to dispense the tea. The Bishop of Melbourne was expected to be present, but he abstained from the pleasure of attending and partaking of the cup that cheers. He had but arrived by the train at 4 o'clock from Sandhurst, and was escorted by the Rev. B. Reed to the parsonage, who, in company with the Rev. Mr Howell and Mr T. Young, met him at the station. Several of the ladies who took great care in pre paring dainties, illustrative of their skill in -pas try, must have been complimonted at the appre ciation of those who sat at the tables,' but it is doubtful if in some coses they thought their labour well applied. One table, on which there was a profusion uf cream tarts and many other niceties, was selected by boys aud girls, who en tirely occupied the forms, leaving no space at it for a single adult till their keen appetites wero satisfied. The new borough flag flaunted over the Market building, and at the entrance there was the word " welcome " displayed, which had an iuviting aspect. It is reckoned that about 500 persons took tea. The following are the ladies who' supplied and attended the tables with the assistance of others -Ho. 1— -Me'sdames B. Reed, Bull, Dutton, and K. Reid. No. 2— Mes- dames Summerland, Butlor, and. Onions. No. 3 — Misses Grubb and Gorham. No 4 — Mes- damesPreshaw,Eilburn,Archdall,andMissHeron.: No. 5 — Meed allies Merri field, Bono, and Best. No 6— Mesdames Dann, Trevascus, Lemon, and Snook. No. 7 — Mesdames Matthews, Richards, M'Kenna, and Fiiilpots. No. S— Mesdames Howson, Hughes, 'Holmes, aud Beckingsale. No . 9 — Mesdames Myring, 'Halford, and \V. , C. . Halford. No. TO and 11 were bachelors' tables! attended by six young ladies'. " THEATRE ROYAL. . i. ! At the Theatre Royal in the evening there: .was a musical entertainment and addresses, to' hear which there was a great assemblage, tilling the bouse. Upon Bishop Moorbouse appearing be was greeted "with hearty cheers. The , Rev. B. Reed presided, supported on his fight by the Bishop, on his left by Archdeacon M'Cullagh and the Rev. Mr Howell, and the Rev. I. Myers. Several of the wardens of the church took seats on the stage. The Rev.- B. Reed delivered a short address, in which he stated lie was glad to see so many at the parish festival which had been a great success. It brought together rich and poor, and brought into social intercourse people who became by thus ming ling imbued with more social feeling. He was also glad to see at the tea meeting ihauy persons be longing to other denominations. He would like to have seen another face, that of the Rev. E. Crawford, who first began the parish festival, which he hoped would be contiuued annually. He had made the speaker's path pleasant in the Church. It was purposed to have mission services soon with a view to warming up people, and embuing them with enthusiasm, which it was desired would have the eflect of filling the seats in the church. Mr Langley, who was skilled in mission work, would take part and he called upon the people to help them. (Cheers.) The programme was then opened by Mr Howson's band playing spiritedly the overture of the Poet and Peasant. Archdeacon M'Cullngb succeededby delivering an address, in which he expressed plcasuro at being at the meeting. He adverted to the bache lors' table, at which he saw the word welcome, aud hearing the bachelors wanted the Bishop there he thought they might wish to consult him upon a delicate matter, nsthercwere several prettj' ladies alteuding the table. Siuco Mr Reed bad come to the iuenmbenoy be now met for tbe first time, but having knowu him before at Sandhurst he knew he was the right man in the right place, and that he was well supported by Mr Howell. Under them he was glad to see they, were about to have mission services, which he thought re quisite for stirring up the people, inducing them to lire as they ought, so that they might become better citizens, and have warmer religious feeling. He strongly advocated Sunday . schools, where children were procured with their hearts young and impressionablo for good. Children should learn love from "their parents, and he asked were their children being taught love, and was this love directed towards God by word and example! "A little child shall lead us," said the prophet Jeremiah, and ho narrated a rather peculiar story about a child going up to a savage dog and taking some of it3 food, but instead of tho child being torn, as was to be expected, the dog did not harm him. That child afterwards grew up a- long- legged boy, came out to Australia, and now he was addressing them. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr Burge took the place of Mr Casey, iu rendering a song, "Dearer than Life." The Rev. I. Myers gave a humorous recitation from Artemus Ward, that bristled with wit and fun that kept the audience in almost perpetual laughter. At its conclusion there was an up roar of calls for encore, but his re-appearance was postponed, as be was set down on the pro gramme for another recitatiou. Miss J. Farroll scored a success in her rendering of the song, " Let Sparrows Build." Apathetic recitation, descriptive of the death of a child aud the sorrow of its mother, was given by Miss Wray. His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne was i received with enthusiastic applause, and said : J Ladies and Gentlemen, — I feel myself naturally I out of place to-night. I came here expecting to hear short speeches and a song or two, and my I thoughts have been taken so far away that it is j absolutely with an effort that I come forward ! to address you — (applause) — aud I must say something before I sit down. I will try to ! illustrate to you two principles — one being the | principle of faith, and the other the principle of S sanctified reason— both being taken oat of S two interesting chapters of Arabia. Supposing j if any of us were asked who was the "rentes: ! man that ever lived, we should say Mohammed. j Although in his early days he was a man who I fell in with sensuality, yet in his latter time he : was a man of great faith— the master man of his 1 age and years. But his time came to die, like : it wiil ba for all of us here to-night. Mohammed ' lived in a Mohammedau world — in a terrible s.ate of confusion and danger. One morning, I i think it was in the morning, two men came forth ! to him to know the future of Moham- : meaum. One was named Abu Bek'r aud the i other Omar. The former was CO years of a >e. ' He was slender and small of stature. iil'i ! tae Rev. Mr Myers who was ju.-t reciting". ! (Laughter.) He had a slight bend in j,L , shouiOers, and hts hax and beard hid urown i wnite, but he had painted them red. The other i was a man of a different figure, beard and i sou.aere. The Erst reigned for two years and < a quarter, and succeeded in subduing the world i Toe second, after the death of the fire:, reined ! for ten aud a hah years. During thai period Is- ! -os"er and a pari r of the Roman Empire. I: was a perfect miracle S 01 conquest. Before Mohammed died he had j 'Bent to Persia to submit: to him, .but they .laughed to acorn the ignorance of the barbarians. This could bo enforced by men of the same principle. It illustrates the power of faith. Hs had been the great friend of Mohnmmedism; ha had been the wisest and tenderest man in Arabia. And it Bpoaks well for Mohammodism that he spoke well in his genuineness. When ha went to Medina and saw the cold, lifeless body of his friend, ho uttered tho words, " Sweet thou wert in life and sweet thou art in death." This man was olected Caliph, successor to the Prophet, and was one of thoso who saw that Mohammed's behests should be carried out to the letter. No sooner was Mohammed dead than all tho Bedouin tribes held counsel to gether. But before Mohammed died he ordered that the city of Medina should bo taken, but how could Omar carry away the whole forca when the Bedouin tribeB were in rebellion? ' He was known to have said, " I care not if we all die," and he bade the expedition to go, and go it did, and that was no mere brag or mighty boast. No sooner had it gone than Abu Bek'r reorganized all tho bands of young and old, and offered resistance, aud he repulsed them, scatter ing his enemies like chaff. It was characteristic of the man's faith ; that even in the very weakest moment when the tribes wanted him to remit the tithes into the treasury he said, "If you keep back a single tithe I will fight you for it," ho being determined to oarry "out the behests of Mohammed. Who could resist the military force before he came back upon them again? And, my dear friends, one word about my principles. What is it that wo want in our Christian Churches to-day 1 _ We want the Bame principle as was characteristic of the conduct and actions of Abu Bek'r. Thero is too much in our Churches of hesitation and doubt. What will public opiniou say when we ought to ask what will our Lord aud Jesus Christ say? I know of one single principle, and that is abso lute failh in our Divine Master. I tell you that faith is this — I believe He lives and reigns for me, and that Ho puts His spirit in our hearts ; and when wo fancy that we have to leave this world we should not allow our banners to be trailed in the dust by a triumphant world. Let U3 up with our hearts, brethren. There was never a man in'tlle whole history of the world who succeeded iu principle but the man of faith. John Wesley, whom we have all heard and read of, what did he do ?- What was the strength of that activity— Jesus Christ — He sent 'me into the world to con vert men to Him. (Applause). He found them grown up to nil the lusts: and pleasures of life. Christ tell3 mo that one single soul redeemed is worth more than the whole world, and I will do it. He believed himself ennobled and inspired by-tlie spirit of God. He felt his body and soul to.be' temples of the Holy Ghost, and lived a whole year on potatoes. He had a power of the spirit of Christ, and as souc as the Church gets that back- again it will do well. (Applause). Then will the cry be raised, " This is the victory that overcometh tho world, even of our own faith." (Applause). There was another principle that we should keep in our minds. Faith will never be carried to a sucess- ful issue until it. is blessed with sanctification of reason. I say again that Abu Bek'r was a man of great reason. When the great conquest had been completed Omar, who had- gone to the war -in old garments', came back wealthy, and when he went away from Medina to arrange for the recapitulation of Jerusalem they came to him prancing on pal freys and garments emblazoned in jewels. What did Omar do 1 ' He took up a handful of sand, and threw it into the Caliph's face — the biggest man in the world. He also said, " A vaunt, why did you thus come thus to meet me?"' Then they showed- their armour, and said they would fight for him. Selfishness brings wealth, and that kills faith. This man never required of others what he would not do himself. We are told that he dressed himself very simply. . Often Potentates would come and say, " Where is the Conqueror of the world ?" and they would not notice him sitting oronnd them— the simplest man in the world. A great number of Arabs died, but he would not eat anything until the people had. The people saw him getting leaner and growing sallower in the face, aud nil tried to make him eat. At last one day the people brought him a skin and some butter aud milk, but he said to them, " If I don't suffer with my people, how shall I know how they suffer ?" This was one of the grand, est sentiments I have ever heard. He might have learned it under the Cross of Calvary. He was a man of what Matthew Arnold would call of sweet reasonableness. There happened to be a great calamity in Syria. Oinar instantly went to Syria from Medina, and was met by his great general in the front. They said to him, " We will take our chances." He listened to their expostulations, and turned away. He no sooner did that when tho fauatics were upon him. You know what the fanatics will do in Yiotoria. The reply of the great Omar .was one thiit we should never forget. He said, " I fly from the decree of God to the decree of God." What did he mean ? As long as you keep the Arabs in those low, dirty fens they die a pesii- lenco ; but if you take them to the mountains they will not dio such. It was a magnificent answer that we should never forget. For re member that we have teaching infinitely clearer and plainer than he. What did our Master tell, as — that He sent the rain for the just and unjust, for the good and evil. In Hie great wisdom and divineness He scattered His munificence for the benefit of all. "Think yon that those men who were crushed by the tower of Siloam were sinners above all Israel. I tell you nay." It was not so. Oftentimes these calamities fall upon men in tho order of Nature. For in stance, a little time ago a gentleman who was lecturing at Melbourne could not conceive the ideaof awise and benevolent God allowiuga man to be bitten by a snake when on a mission of inercy. What was the use of snakes I In the forests the swamps ana marshes were infested with insects and animal life which required to bo eaten up, else their decay would waft a pestilence across the world. The snake was formed to reach and capture these live things and to kill them with its poison fangs, and afterwards eating them, put a stop to the spread of pestilence. There must be something to keep them in check. The snake then is a condition of physical health to us. But if wo drain the swamps and clear the forests and fell the tree3, thc-u it is right to take a stick and kill any snakes we may find. Why should God be called unmerciful because a snake bites a good man on a mission of mercy ? How can it be prevented ? Either the snake must be so endowed as to be able to know a good man, or the good man must be given keeuer sight. This talk about natural evil is simply absurdity. Then why should we ask God to change the order of Nature to meet our particular wants or predilections ? Where would the order of Nature be ? All would depart, and we could neither anticipate Nature nor use her. Mac ha3 ac intellect which enables him to subordinate Nature aud chain her to bis use. People did not think this matter to the bottom. Let it be grasped that God made an onier cf Nature, and gave man power to master Nature, Pestilence ! Why does it c-mie ? We have lived unwholesoruelyiind neglected drainage ana sanitary precautious, and allowed our bodies to become by being druukards, to be hot-beds for the germs of disease. This is what pestilence has come from. Aud when a matt tails upon his knees and says that he is a bad man be cause he has neglected sanitation that is n6t an honest prayer. It you wiii ask God ta give you grace to overcome the drought aud pestilence He will do so. And let us bear iu mind that the order of Nature is uniform for our good, and that we are Sous of God. " Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness," snd seeking to keep away the evil as Ho sees best. (Loud applause.) The oniy vocalist following the Bishop's an- dress was Mr Iredale, who was warmly applau ded for his song of "The Silver Cup-' Myers's second reeitation was also from Artemub Ward, who describes the perplexity of thd Italian RU'ds ttt 'bo questions put to him by thd American travellers. The comedy of these des criptive passages were given with great point by Mr Myers, who agnin kept' his audience in laughter with thorn. ! Mr Merrifield, in asking the audience to vote thanks to tho instrumentalists, voculists, reciters! nnd addressers, especially that of the Bishop; whose voice had an electrifying influenoe upon nil who had hoard it. If u rich man, Mr Merri field said he would wish to print the addresses of tho Bishop. Tho ono to tho Churoh wae a . marvellous production, nnd lie re commended those persons who had not read it1 to procure it and read the part on purity. He called for a hearty vote of thanks, especially to the Bishop. " Mr W. 0. Hnlford seconded tho motion, which was carried with great cheor- ing. A ; vote of thanks to the chairman was proposed by Mr Best and carried with acclama tion. Tho entertainment was closed by the band playing the National Anthem. 