THE LOCAL OPTION DEBATE.. Mr, Abigail's resolution in favonr of ex tending tbe principle of local option to renewals was rejected io a thin House, last night, by a vote of 24 to 8. The Premier. Mr. Cameron and others bad a good deal to Bay npon tbe inntility of abstract resolu tions such as tbe one nnder discussion. They talked as if it were almost universally acknow ledged tbat the Honse only wasted its debating power when an affirmatire rote would not lead necessarily to practical legislation. This is nonsense, What member of Parliament ' does not know that an abstract resolution, which can be disposed of in an evening,1 may clearly test the opinion of tbe Bouse upon the subject to which it refers? Why prepare a Bill and tease Parliament with it, if a discussion such as that of last night affords irresistible evidence that it would not have tbe ghost of a chance of passing into law ? Andjin regard to social matters, a debate in tbe Assembly is likely to have an educative effect upon the country, Tbe question is approached from all points of tbe compass, so to speak. It is not, as gene rally is the case outside, merely advocated or denounced by members of diametrically opposed organisations. It is pretty sure to be criti cised by men who are not violent partizan3. Aud so there is a possibility of discerning on which side tbe balance of argument exists. Certainly, whoever else may complain that the House wasted its time over Mr. Abigail's resolution, the local optioniBts have something to learn from tbe debate and the vote. It is clear that, unless extraordinary pressure can be brought to bear upon bon. members, the present House will not agree to extend the principle of local option to renewals. The vote was not more significant than the thinness of the House, and the half-hearted interest taken io the discussion. Tbe evening was one of tho dullest of the session. Aud, therefore, as it seems to ue, the true immediate policy of the local optioDists is to expend their energy upon the people, with a view to getting a i House, more favourable to what they desire to i effect, returned at the next general election. We will not say that this ie a publicans' Parliament, bnt it is certainly not a teetotallers' Parliament. It is a Parliament which bas a genuinely British appreciation of the flavour of old whisky. It is a Parlia ment which doeB not set itself up as a supreme judge of the quality of Botany water. Even Mr. Abigail — let it not be whispered in any Good Templar lodge — confessed that he was not a teetotaller. Another lesson the local opiionists should learn from laat night's dis cussion is, to place their resolution in the bands of a member who can command a good Honse, and show a masterful skill as well as courage in debate. We hare no desire to minimise Mr. Abigail's place and power. His sorrow-smitten face is eloquently ex pressive of bis good intentions. He iB reso lute, conscientious, industrious — terribly in dustrious. He can load himself np to the muzzle with tbe statistics of all countries and the opinions of all great men. Bnt there are limitations to even Mr. Abigail. He has brains enongb, no doubt, for almost every thing he undertakes, bat be hss not brains enough to convince either the House or the country tbat the time is ripe for extending the local option principle to renewals. Let tbe local optionists wait until they can secure the services of a legislator, who has so much Dersonal force tbat he can compel those who "vote against bim to record a strong reason for their dissent. 