FATHER FOGARTY'S FRONT TEETH. A MYSTEBY, BY KOBEKT P. WHIT WORTH. YE don't believe in eheste at all, then," sai host Began, as we Bat round the huge fire i his comfortable bostelrie in Beechworth, on «old dirty night last June. The day had bee a wild and stormy one, as is frequently tb ease in winter in tbat elevated locality, an we, a party of five, were glad to be sheltere within the bouse, listening to the wind thc oem« in shrieking gusts round tbe corner and the heavy swish and patter of the rain o the window panes. In accord with tb character of the night, the conversation ba taken a dismal and dreary tone, about nco. dents, murders, bushranging and the Uki and had at last drifted off into the subject < disembodied spirits. Some one, I forgt whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief i such rubbish, as be called it. Hence Hot Began's question. '. I, for one, don't," I eaid. " I don't b< lieve a word of it, neither in ghosts, nc ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraithi nor raw bead and bloody bones, nor any c the crew, any more tban I do in Jack the Giar Killer or Little Bed Kiding Hood." " Well now," said Host Began, emitting contemplative whiff, " I'm not so eartai about that, To be sure I never seen a gho¡ meself, but I've known tbim asbas, or Baid the had. Father Doolan, of my parish, used t tell ns it was all nonsense, but my ol granny, rest her sow!, said many's the tim she heard the screech of tbe banshee, an Been ber too wanet, a woman in wbite, wring ing her bands, that faded away like the mis! I couldn't say for sartain, but if it wasn't ghost or a sperrit that was in Paths Fogarty's front teeth, what was it ? " "lather Fogarty'* front teeth," we ejacu lated in surprise. " Ah, maybe ye never heerd the story. ] ' wat a most mysterious affair, but I'll tell i ye." And so Host Begau, who was a droll fun loving Irishman, ceremoniously re- filled hi pipe, and not without a merry twinkle in hi bright eyes, solemnly told us the story o Father Fogarty s front teeth. " It was a good many years ago when I was on the Rocky River diggings in New South Wales. Thim was the rough times, and many and many's the divil's own ructions I seen on that same Rocky River. It was about 1856 whin I was working there, and there was maybe about six or seven hundred min on the field. It was alluvial sinking shafts and tunnels mostly. Well, some o the diggers was quiet enough, but some was the divil's own b'ys entirely. " There was a party of me own counthry men, barrin they were from Tipperary and I was from Wexford, workin' at a place down the river called Kennedy's Creek, about fifty of them there were, and at another place called Mount Welsh, on the other side of Post Office Gully, was about as many Ulster min from Donegal. " These bad all kern out in the same ship, and had got quarrelling on boord, and if il wasn't that the captain had kep 'em below turn about, there'd ha' been murdbcr aboord and worse. «< Anyhow there they wor, about a couple ol miles apart, and kep' up the black blood feud bechune 'em, and if it wasn't for tbe rest ol ns who wanted pace and quietness, and kop' 'em down by sheer strentb of numbers, there'd ha'been no ¡¡vin' there. Even then I doubt if we'd have been able to keep ordber if it wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty. " Oh, Father Fogarty, ye wor a jewel of a praste intirely. Father Fogarty was the clergyman of tbe diBthric', stationed at Armi dale, but most ot his time be «pint on tbe diggings, by rason ot bavin' to move about bom one place to another on the river, about thirty-five miles in all. He was a tall burly man, with the reddest noBe I ever seen on mortial man, and two black eyes as bow-Id as a hawk's. He kern to keep ordber on the field, and, by the hokey, he done it. lie prached pace and goodwill amongst us, and ne practised it - wid a horsewhip. lie was kind and patient wid us all - till his eyes began to glisten, and bis red nose to twitch, and then, tare and ages, but it wee look out for squalls. We were all, every man Jack of the seven hundhred of us rough diggers, afeard of him, Irish, English, and Scotch alike. He'd the soft word and the civil word for everybody, ontil he was put out, and then-phillilool He'd a heart as soft aa buttber, and a fisht like a horse's hoof. He'd tell us our juiy in a way would bring the wether into our eyes, and persuade tis to do it with a thick etick. To the sick or the ihuek man he waa a lamb ; to the idle, the desolóte, and the blasphemer, a raging lion. 1 Shawn Brady avick,' I heard him Bay one day to a big Galway fellow that was always quarrelling and fighting, ' come here till 1 spake to ye. What's all this I hear about ye? Ye've not been sober for a week, Sghtin' and creatin' a tookawn day and night ab the time, and tbe language you use 1 Holy Bridget, it's athrocious. What have ye to say for yourself ? ' Brady stood sheepishly fingering the brim ol his caubecn, and mut tered something about having ' the dhrop in.' " ' The dhrop in is it ? The dhrop in î ' he roared, ' it's the dhrop that'll lade yer sow) to eternal perdition, ye gourmouge, ye oinad hawn ; and you not done a ethroke of work ?ince last wasbin' up, end your ould father and mothar at Oraumore without the bilt or the sup for all you care, ye ondutiful, black hearted vagabone. I know ye. By this and by that I'll put the cross bechune us, and thrash ye till your four bones ache. Down on yonr knees sir, and promise your praste to conduct yourself like a decent b'y. or by the mortial, I'll do what I say ; ' and Brady done it, and then snaked away like a whipped hound. Still for all he ruled u», as one might say, at the point of his shillelagh ; it would be a bad day for any one who had laid a finger on him, or insulted bim, if we got to hear of it. Mot that he couldn't take bis own part, and would too, il necessary. Ihe bully of tbe «amp at the time was a great tig Lanius, who'd been a oollier, and who was a perfect giant in strength end biutality. One day Father Fogarty, hearin' a row in the Pick and Shovel, wini in, and found the divil'e own ructions goin on. There was this big fellow bad Bill Croat, who ken' the shanty, by the hair, and hammtrin' bun wid a pewtber pot békase he wouldn't give him tUuink, and two or three others thryin' to poll bim away. "'What* this?' says Father Fogarty; ' clear out o' this, every mother's son of ye,' pointin' at tba same time to the door. The otbergVint, bat the Jjankie tamed round and faced him, sbtfil hold in' Oro», a little chap, by the bair. "'Iiet go the daoent man,' «aid Father Fogarty, quietly, bat bi* nose twitching dan. geronaly. ".Aw'Ii noaa do that tor thee noather,' said the LanHe, arith an oath. "The reply waa a stinging cot across the cheek with his horsewhip. "The Lankje quitted his bolt and rushed at Father Fogarty with the roar of a mad bnlL But the praste wasn't to be caught like that, The shock was terrible whin they met, but what the Lankie bad in sthrintb, Father Fogarty had in scoience. He gave him the inside crook, and the giant wint down with a crash that shook the raf thens; thin coolly dhr&gging; ont the insensible form by the beelB, he shied it into the muddy guttber. ' Tell that blagyard,' be said to some passers by, ' whin he oomes to himself, that if he wants any more to oome to Father Fogarty.' But it seemed he didn't want any more, for ho carefully avoided tba praste for weeks, and was even, after he had left the Backy, heard to express his admiration for bim. ' That theer Father Fogarty,' he would say, ' he're summat loike a pa'ason, he wnr. By Gow, ; hc're the only mon 'at ever gradely fettlet ¡ Lankie Sam, an' ebonee it.' " AB I've said, every mother'« eon on the field bad a howly terror of Father Paul Fogarty'« horsewhip, and it was a eoight worth lookin' at to eee sometimes on a Mon day, lor he'd gincrally come from Armidale on a Monday, whin a lot o' the fellows who hadn't tamed to would be dhrinkin, an' risin' a rookawn in the oamp, would see his bony white horse comin' over the rise. The word was riz in a minute, and you'd die langhin' to see a score or two ot big, brawny fellows menin' away to their holes like rabbits into their warrens. " How and ever, this has nothing to do wid Father Fogarty's front teeth. As I told ye before, there was a party ot about fifty Tips, working at Kennedy's Creek, and about the same number of Donegal men at Mount Welsh, and there was black bitter blood bechune 'cm. Well for one thing or another they'd had bits of scrimmages bechune them, but nothin' to hurt, beside a broken head or so, ontil early one Saturday momin', Mistber White, the warden, and a fine daoent man he was, kern to me on the quite, an' eiz be ; ' Began,' sez he, ' I know your'e a quite dacent law abidin' citizen.' ' Its proud I sm this day to hear you say so, sir,' siz I. ' Kow,' eiz he, ' look at here. The escort has gone to Sydney, and I'm left here with only one oon Btable. I'm inforramed that the Tips beyant are ooming in a body, after waBhin' up to-day to attack the Donegal min, an' I want you to help me to prévint it.' ' But sir,' siz I, . what would I do to prévint it, and beside that if they want to tight it oat Jet 'em, we'll have no pace till they do, and thin again, I wouldn't like to spoil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of barmleBB sport as you are Began,' says he, ' but this means bloodshed, murder, robbery, the camp burned over our beads maybe. Will you help me to prévint it ? ' 'I will, air,' siz I, 1 if you'll tell me how.' ' Come up to the polios camp,' siz he, ' I'll have a horse saddled for you on the other side the hill, then ride to Armidale as if the divil was aflher ye, and bring Father Fogarty back with ye. Faith he's worth a whole army of throopers. Bave yer horses at Uralla and come in through the bush to tbs hack of the camp, so that nobody 'll see ye. An' may be we'll have some fun yet.' 'I'll go bail we will, sir,'siz I,'faix I can fancy I see them all seuttheris' whin bis riverence's red nose is to the fore.' " Well, I wint, and soon covered the twelve miles. I found the praste just sittin' down to h¡B brezwust. " ' Save yer reverence,' siz I. " ' Save ye kindly,' eiz he, ' sit dawn and take a snack.' "But whin I tould him my arrant, you should have seen bim. His eyes fairly blazed, and his red nose twitched up and down like a jack-jumper. "'Ohl the blackguards, the vagabenes. Afona mon diavul. Heaven be bechune us and evil, if I don't break every bone in heir skins. Not a thronten do I oars for the best of them. Ohl I'll throunoe 'em. Ohl the roarin', sohamin', 'Merin' omadiioum. Ohl the curse 01 Cromwell-Holy Bridget grant me patienoe- the poor benighted hathens where's my whip? ' "We were back before noon, having left our horseB at the Uralla Hotel at Dang&r;'s lagoon, and done the remaining two miles through the bush. Father Fogarty was en sconced in the police oamp unobserved, where I left him fretting and faming like s caged tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some thrilling excuse. " I could not help laughing and chuckling to meself, as I pictured to meself the total rout of the contending armies, but wisely said nothin1 to my mates whin they axed me what was I laughin' at, except, ' Wait a bit, maybe ye'll Bec some fun soon.' "At about two o'clook we knacked off, and by three thc camp was pretty full of diggers from all parts of the river, and I noticed that the Tips had all come armed wid sticks, while in many of their jumpers were bulges that towld tales to me of that (earful weapon, the " stone in a stocking." " At about four o'clock the ruction began. The Tips, who had formed themselves into a body just above the police camp, raised a sudden yell, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to annihilate their unpre pared foes, when the gate opened wide, and out marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in hand. " ' Howly mother,' cried someone, ' it's the praste 1 ' " I've heer'd tell that whin Boney lost the battle of Watherloo, he said something in Frinch that manes ' the divil take the hind most." Well, it was just that. Ye never seen such a scatther. Up the hill, and down the road, into the bush, and into tbs river, they fled, with the victorious praste dhrivin' thc vanquished inimy before bim, lashin' and slaehin' at them for dear lite. " ' Yo murtherin' thaves 1 ye graceless villains] ye rappareesl I'll tache ye; I'll excom-Howly Bidpup, bot's bat ? ' " Bat, or that, as he meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at him, but which had ethnics* bim elane in the month, knocking out two ot bis front teeth, and complately pattin' a full shtop to his eloquence. " He roared, he yelled, be spat out mouth fuls of blood and teeth, he danced, he tore his hair, he threw down his hat and jumped on it. I niver seen a man in such a tearin' rage, and what made him ten times worse waa that he couldn't talk so as to make himself undherstood. " ' Oh I you burberib poumbibs, be purp of Fombib-Oh 1 oh 1 ah 1 " I need hardly say the fan was over for that day. Father Fogarty was led back to the police camp amid respectful silence, the opposing forces were routed, but the hare of the day was disabled. " Av coorse he couldn't perform mass the next dsy, as not only was bis mouth swollen and his lip cut, but the loss of his teeth ren dered bim incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they beard of the accident, but as he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon riz to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. But here a new difficulty stood in the way. He positively refused to go. It was bad enough to be laughed at there, but to make himself a laughing stock to the graceless people of Sydney, he csuldn't and he wouldn't. Be Bidés, as he said, j ' Be peppard's plape wab wib hip plop.' " ' Fortunately, or unfortunately, just at this time, a dintist, a poor one, hat still a I dintist came up to Armidale, and to him wint Father Fogarty for relief from his woes, i Now in thirn days artificial teeth were not so I common, especially in each ont of the way * Oar host meant " Same strip mt." places M the Kooky River digging» M they «ra now, and thia dmtist's husmees wai «nora is tbe way ol tabu' ont teeth than putting them bi. Bat the cate was argent, and prompted by the prospect ot good pay, the dintist onderiuk to supply the misting in oison. Be bad po teeth unless be eonld get them at aeoond band from some dead body, and that WM hardly practicable, nor had he any ivory to make them ol, unless in deed a billiard ball, or, happy thought-yee, he had it. There was a spare pair of dice in the bar of the hotel where he athayed, and of these be would manufacture the teeth.. The landlord gave them np to bim willingly enough, remarking at the time that they ware .all that waa lett by Jack Adams, who bad died on the Hooky three months before, and ripresented a grog toora of four pounds three, which Jack left owing. AB the grog score was gone the dice might BS well go after it, and ; they were loaded anyhow. "But little use as the die« were as dice, they carno in admirably for Father Fogarty's front teeth. They were out down, polished, fitted nicely on a goold piste, and onee more Father Fogarty rejoiced in perfect white and even front teeth, more white and even, to tell tbe tbrutb, tban the originals bad been. The dintist was happy, for he had been paid his bill. Father Fogarty was happy, bekase he could talk and ate once more like a rasonable Christian, and hie parishioners were happy, bekase their pasthor was again able to preens tatham, or msybe scowld them. " Now here the shtory as a matter-of-fact shtory inds, but here comes in the mysterious part of it. Father Fogartv, worthy man, was not exactly an ascetic. He had always liked his tumbler of punch going to bed, and maybe bis drap of whiskey on a co wid wet day, a draw of the pipe, and maybe a quite rubber of whist, or a hand at spoil five or cribbage with a friend tn an evenin'. His language out of the pulpit had occasionally been a little sthrong, but niver such aa could well be taken exoeption to, except by the very fastiguous. But now all thia was changed. He felt an unac countable and unconquerable longing which grew ethronger and ethronger on him every day, to visit the billiard rooms at the Wei lington or tbe Freemasons. Perhaps there was no great hsrrum in that, but whin it kern to betting on stbrokes, makin' one at pool, and talkin' the slang of the game, it grew noticeable. Thin, again, be seemed to fall unconsciously into the habit of shmoking cigars, and even pipes, nat only there, but in the public sthreetB. He played loo, and ones startled the frequenters of a public bar by proposin' B, little flutther at hazard for a fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what waa it? lie couldn't tell. He was sorely exercissd in his moind. He knew quite well what ho was doin', and yet for the lile ot bim he couldn't help it. He fought against the infatuation, but it seemed to to overmashter him completely. *' But matchers grew woree and worse. One Sunday while servin' mass he shcandalieed his congregation by suddenly announcin' that he would ' back the field, bar one.' There was a dead silence, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with tba evil spirit, for surely it was an evil spirit tbat had taken possession of him, but ere long bis flock were still more schcandalised by hearing him assever with a terrible oath that he would ' go a level pony on the little obestnut filly Ganymede.' Some of the congregation riz and left at this sacri lege, and the poor praste bowed his head to hiB pulpit cushions, and wept. Tbim who re mained looked pityingly on their beloved pastor, who, aftber a pause, riz god said-" My chil dren, you are astonished, no doubt, but no more than I am, at my ethrange conduct; but you muBt see that I am either goin' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you evena on either single, or five to one on the double evint. Bring in the bones-half a-crown in, and the winner shoats.' " These last extraordinary words were wrung from him in agony, as the beads of sweat on bis brow plainly showed, and after utterin' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lewd and profane exclamations. Men turned pale with terror, and' women shrieked, some fainted, as rising from bis knees he shouted in sharp, thrüling tones, ' And now I'll shake any one ia the orowd for drinks all round.' " Clearly Father Fogarty was mad-stark, starin', ravin' mad. Or waa it possible that the devil still had power ou earth to enter into tbe human frame and otter blasphemies like these. " He waa led to his house by some of his sorrowing flock, and a message despatched off to Maitland, where his superior was, inform ing him of the Bad oecurrenoe. "Another olargyman was Bint np, bat Father Fogarty grew worse. The language he used was somethin' awful to bear, and the docthor could do nothin'for bim, " The heart-felt prayers of hiB congregation, aye, and of every other congregation, for he was well liked by all, were offered np, but in vain. " He was erosible enough, and, poor man, knew well, too well, what he was doin*. His heart was bruk. Yes, be was possessed of a devil that would not, and could not be driven out. "But one day, as he was rampagin' BB usual, talkin' about horse racin' and cock figbtin', and gamblin', and all kinds of spoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktails, and other murdherin' dhrinks, eure, a ethrange thing happened. FATHER FOOABTX'B FRONT TEETH FELL OUT. " In a moment there waa a change. " Father Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the foul-mouthed, fiend ridden, gambler, the drinking, tearin', swearin' reprobate, but the bumble, pious, earnest ser vant of God he had been before his ethrange attack. "He knew what it was. He felt what it was. It was the teeth done it. They had been made, the dintist confesses it aftber, out ot tbe dice that had belonged to Jack Adams, the most notorious gambler, blas phemer, and evil liver on the diggings, and the black soul of the licentious rowdy had, atther his death, haunted the dice, hie fami liar spirits during his lifetime. " At laste, if it wasn't that," concluded Host Began, with an air of conviction, "what was it ? " We none of us could solve the problem, and could only confess, with Hamlet that-if tlx story were true-there are indeed more things in heaven and earth than even we dreamt ot in our philosophy. 