t j i 'SPIRITUALISM; EXPOSED, ; (FROM TUB MORNING TOST.) The Society for the Prosecution of Psychical ,'l Research might do worso iu its investigations into occult phenomena than invoku the patron age. of tho Archdulto Rudolph of Austria fur its q test after tho mysterious and supernatural. Though the lioir of tlio Austro-Uuugariau Ocowns still suffers from Pitt's " crime" of boiog a young rnun, the cutorprisiug and prosperous ' fraternity of modiums and spirit-rappers must "be inclined to exclaim, in tho words of ono of Sir Walter Scott's chntacters, that " tliero is the craft of years beneath his curled lovelocks." Tlie Grown Prince has dealt a blow to spiritualism . aud its votaries which will long bo remembered , -in Vienna, and oulsido Vienna, nnd which is alt the more sensible, and afflicting to the pro fessors . of the mystic science, inasmuch as tho . position of the illustrious personage who un- / masked them secures tho greatest possible notoriety for their discomfiture. The spirits ' appear to be uniformly weak-sighted, and refuse to mako themselves visible in a distressing glaie. , In other respects the ceremony was imposing. ;' Stretched in a mosmorie trance in nuother room the modium lay unmoved and unmovablo. Menu- . tme there appeared in the midst oft ho ringofapcc- ' 1. tors in the next chamber aghostly form waving gossamer robes and walking ou silent feet. Em- : b ddened by success, or unable to avoid tho or deal of the highest audiences, Mr Bastian had the honuur of holding a eennce beforo tho Arch duke Rudolph. His Royal aud Imporial High ness took the precaution to mako certain in- , quiries. He learned that the door between tho entranced medium and the raont in which the manifestations occurred was always removed and ' a1 heavy curtain substituted. Other people aoom to have at once admitted that the spirit world may quite innocently havo its preference in tlio matter of hangings snd furuituro as woil as in .the matter of lowered lamps and darkened win dows. The Arcliduko whs less unsuspicious. ' The Archduke Jehu of Tuscany bocatne the 'ready accomplice of the Prince. It was arranged that tho myBtic meeting should lake place in his psla'ce. Two rooms communicutod by tho usual doorway were shown to Mr Bastiau, aud accep ted as just the thing for tho ghostly phenomena. The day came for the performance of the won- ,der. . All Vienna was in commotion. The spirit world may be nssumed to have huen -similiarly agitatod. Though not unaccustomed , to royal and imperial personages in the shades ,jt is to be supposed that it is not every day that even ghosts of high antiquity and unblemished deicent can pique themselves upon tlie privilego "of being presented in couitly circles upon earth. And'whst an opportunity was now presented to the legitimate ambition of the buldest propagan dists from the spirit land. The conversion of the Heir of the Hnpsburg might well entrain the conversions of his august parents and his numerous and illustrious connections. Austria Hungary is above all things a loyal region. Who could doubt — not certainly a far-seeing spirit — that tho contagion of so ominent an oxamplu would spread through Viennese society % / When Mr Bastion, the Yunkeo child of mys tery, settled himsolf down to his mesmeric sleop, there, was a distinguished company assembled iu the outer room. Along with tho Crown Princo there were the Archduke John of Tuscany, tlio Archduke Reginer, Prince Batthyani, General Menssenghen, of course Baron ELellonback, who had come to see tho triumph of his prophet, and a select circle besides. It is possiblo that most of' 'the '.'"spectators' woro spellbound by tho sulemuity of the scene, by the muffled lights, by the silent room, by tho doorway with its heavy drapery, and above all by the consciousness of the great magician sunk in mystic slumber iu the room beyoud. It is possiblo nlso that sumo gentlemen to whom the Archdukes had com municated the secret of certain precautions watched with redoublod vigilance in order to prevent the remotest chance of deception being successful, supposing that, after all, tho Ameri can child of nature was capable of doceit. Dur ing .the . hours, which had elapsed since tho prophet undertook to produce his manifestations in the Archduke John's palace, certain .changes had been effected which, without boing evident on the surface, had cruelly altered the real character of the intervening doorway for tho un suspecting visitors from another lifo. Tho dour had been removed, as Mr. Bastian required. The . heavy curtain hung down in its place,' as Mr Bastian required. ' But in ' addition a sliding, screen of sufficient substantiality had been arrangod to fall on tlio touch of a spring nnd completely closo the door way1 to all mortal ingress or egress. Of course, an impalpable spirit could nut be stopped by Buch a materinl contrivance, and, besides, the sliding panel was not to work until the spirit had fairly . begun business. Expectation was 011 tip-toe. The magician was slumbering profoundly. The guests strained their eyes through tlie gloom. There of a certainty was the spirit. Clothed in waving robes, moving on noiseless footfalls, the mysterious shape passed before the witnesses. Archduke Rudulph's hand touched the spring. Something creaked. Tho spirit made for tlie floating curtain in tho doorway, but stumbled against a solid obstacle. The gifted Mr Bastian had > come : in ; from his mesmeric slumbers, and, , attired in ' a voluminous robe over his evening suit and shoeless feet, etood revealed to the laughing circle. The American child of nature has failed to overcome the Old World prejudices of the Austrian Empiro. 