LOLOMA . Mr. Britten tells ns that the object of his romance " is to preserve in a readable form some record of the ancient manners and cus toms, traditions and superstitions, of tho Fijians." The idea was a good one, for the Fijian legends and customs are singularly interesting, and offer. a great many points of comparison with those of Greoce and Scandinavia. AVhat we demur to is tho form in which Mr. Britten has thought fit to cast his narrative. There are readers, we believe, to whom the form Of a story is everything; bnt we cannot think that it is worth while sacrificing the cre dibility of Serioqs records for their pleasure. Mr. Britten writes in Very readable style, and the information he gives is quite as new and romantic to tbe world in general as the rather flimsy plot of a shipwrecked 9ailor with whom a Fijian princess falls in love, and who get9 mixed up in the wars and politics of her tribe. If, however, tho presence of a story sdds very little to the interest of the book, it takes away a great deal from its value. AVe cannot disentangle truth from fiction in the story. To tako a singlo instance, Mr. Britten tells ns that Loloma, his heroine, "was not a cannibal. No member of ber tribe ate human flesh, because the shrine of their God was human." Now, is there any authority for this statement 1 The priests of Kd&k; Thina are tabu from eating human flesh, and it cannot be taken into his shrine or consumed at his worship ; but that is a very different thing from a whole tribe being prohibited. Mr. Britten himself does not appear to consider his own reason sufficient, for ho goes on to say that Loioma "would take no part in the Saturualiau rites. She would do nothing that would re volt me." This is a very different and a much more plausible reason. Obviously, however, if the first reason is insufficient, Mr. Britten has Incidentally conveyed a false notion of the native religion. He has sacrificed fact to the exigencies of his story. Neither enn the un learned reader tell how often this may not have been done. Curiously enough, there was a real reason iu this case which he might have given. Human flesh is tabu to women. The danger with a practised liUfrateur is lest he should be tempted to use Lis stories as raw material whioli ho is at liberty to manu facture into an artistic form. AVe cannot feel sure that Mr. Britten has always resisted thiB seductive influence. Let ns compare, for in- | s-.ance, his account of the passage of departed bouIs into the spirit world. Mr. Britten says that the warder of Hades, Keelai, is armed with a club, which to tho cannibal sol dier is of the most laughable shape imaginable. At the sound of any fresh footfall from an ap proaching ghost Keelai ateps out into the middle of the jungle rath to give the challenge. " Holding up in warlike attitude his ridiculous club, Keelai utters a wild laugh like tbo neigh- ing of a spirited horse, and fixes his steady but fire- flashing eye ou that of the new arrival." Shonld this candidate for immortality laugh, Keelai Bmitcs him down with a blow " that leaveth him a corse most vilely shattered." But if he presses boldly on, with a straight, stern face and princely bearing, the officer steps out of his way and subsides." In thiB story it is the impassive patrician bearing of the chief that in the passport to immortality. In Mr. Williams's Fiji and ilit Fijians, Samu is the name of the warder, who is warned, not by the sound of a footfall, but by the cry of a parroquot. He first tests the courage of the approaching soul by putting the sign of the tabu across the path. If the new comer is courageous, and raises his olub, Samu then appears and ques tions him, " Who are you, and whence do you come?" If he tells the truth he is allowed to pass on. If he tells a lie, as Fijians commonly will, bragging falsely el his importance, he is felled to the gronnd, and cooked and eaten, or has tt fight his way through to the judgment eat of Ndenjeh. It is possible of course that these two stories are only local variations of one and the same legend. What we want is to know preoiaely how far Mr. Britten may have thought himself justified in deviating from the letter of a tradition so long as he preserved its spirit. Our space boa compelled us to quote a short instance and it has been convenient to take oni where we had evidence at hand, We confess, however, that this is not the only case in which we have felt doubtfnl, Mr. Britten gives two very charming stories at full length — the Legend of Prince High-tide and his Canoe the Ebb-tide, and the Legend of Bulltaundna's Love Making, Comparing these with other Fijian legends, we entertain no donbt that both of these are of native mintage ; bat wo strongly aspect that the first has been polished into shape by omitting some of those irrelevancies which are almost an unfailing mark of the genuine native tradition, A true Fijiau story is not as compact and symmetrical as Mr. Britten makes it. It is like a dream iu the unaccountable turns given to what seems a plain story. Thus, for instance, in tho Vasu-ki-lagi, which Mr. Waterhouse has translated, the youth who finds that he has accidentally married his sister runs crying to his grandmother and asks the road to tho Bky. No reason is given why he should wish to go there, but from that moment everything turns on his success in arriving thero. It is pretty clear that in an extremely ancient story, something that was once the key to the riddle lias ceased to bavo any meaning, and has been forgotten. A writer on comparative psychology would find a great deal to remind him of Norse and English traditions in the Fijian mythology. The superstition that a person saved from the sea brings ill luck is common to all the northern nations of Europe. Sometimes it is the woman of marvellous beauty who is washed ashorein a boat, aud who brings a enrse on the king who marries her; and some times it is the treacherous gnest, who reqnites tho hospitality Bhown him by mnrder. In Cornwall this superstition was either the cause or the oxcuse of the murders that constantly accompanied wrecking. The idea was that the castaway was a man hated of the gods, and that the gods vgould transfer their wrath to those who sheltered him. The Fijian have made this belief the excuse of cannibalism, and the sailor who was wrecked upon any of their islands knew that be was doomed in advance to a oruel death. A more harmless form of resemblance is to be traced In tho proverbB and riddles which are the amusement of winter nights in -Fiji. Mr. Britten quotes some very interesting instances of these. " There is a wind that blows for many years without stopping, but at last there comes a lull, it stops, and a world falls. AVbat wind is it that blows; and what is the world that falls when that wind ceases to blow? The wind is the breath of man, ' and the world that falls is man himself." There is a path that leads to no home. AVhat is it ? It is the path of the traveller travelling, a stranger in strange lands." These will not lose by comparison with the enigmas that were the amusement of our early English ancestors, such as that in which the ship was described as " a wandering house, a hostelry where yon will, a traveller that leaves no footsteps or the more elaborate one, on a tradition of which Burns founded bis John Barleycorn. The most remarkable institution in Fiji, and one tbat so far as we know has no parallel in Europe, is that by which tbe vasu or nephew of a chief may seize auythiog belonging to his uncle, except his wife, house and lands. So rigidly is this carried out that in one case a chief requisitioned the stores of an uncle with whom he had quarrelled for ammu nition, and was allowed to receive it. Mr. Britten observes that " his influence is in pro portion to the height of his position, which is fixed by his Mother's rank." Under this system the son of the Princess Royal of Prussia might take anything she fan cied from any British subject. Of court the custom could only exist in a country where there was scarcely any property to be seized, except arms and clothing and food, but even so it is difficult to under stand how it can have arisen unless it was an extension of some anclont right of purveyance in favor of a prince of the tribe visiting his mother's country, Mr. Britten might have added some interest ing chapters to his book if he had enlarged the Bcope of its design so as to show the influence exercised by Europeans upon native so ciety. He introduces his hero as com batant In a native war, but that after all gives very little field for variety. Some of the early settlers in the Pacific Islands were men of a good deal of charaoter, who must have left their mark upon the generation they mixed with. The narratives of the AVesleyan missionaries give us another view of the in fluence whites might exercise. The admirable devotion of these gentlemon in interposing to prevent the massacre of captives or of the widows of a dead ohiof — sometimes with the sacrifice of all the property they could offer, and sometimes at the risk of their lives, lias had its appropriate reward iu the conver sion of the Fijians, On the other hand it can hardly be doubted that their teaching some times produced a very unfortunate effect. On one occasion, when Mr. Calvert had interposed ineffectually to save the life of a chief, he heard that Thakombau had been much im pressed by his admonitions, and ac cordingly visited him again. " Where is now the soul of Gavidi ?' asked the chief, " It is not for man to pro nounce," replied the missionary, "bnt the word of God says the wicked shall bo turned into hell," " Then Gavidi has been four days in hell," Botiloquised Tiiakombau with very unregenerate trinmph. In thia case it was the chief who drew an unwholesome inference. In another matter we cannot but think that the missionaries have been to blame. They have made it a condition of entrance into tbe church that the convert should renounce polygamy. The result has been that when ever a chief has been baptised all but one of his numerous wives have been cast adrift. The mast interesting feature in Mr. Brittcns' book are the descriptions of native habits and scenery. Whatever civilisation may do for the natives, we fear it will destroy a great deal that has been interesting and romantic in the eyes of the first explorers. We cannot imagine, for instance, that the native dances will be pre served. Mr. Britten tells us of one that depicted tbe robbing of a bauaua tree by flying foxes. "The banana tree was represented by a pole set np in the middle of the square, with a bunch of fruit at the top. The balle faction then proceeded. The foxes met in consnltation, determined on a robbery, eent out skirmishers to guard against a surprise, and theu made the attack. One old fox climbed the tree, and the little foxes clustered under It, crying with delight at tho prospect of ripe fruit, Whilo tho fox in the trco hung by his legs and flapped bis arms, another climbed after him, and there wa9 a great deal of 6ghting, scratching and squalling after tha manner of these animals, until one obtained the mastery. All the evolu tions of the dancers were in imitation of the motion of the flying foxes, and their cry was also accurately imitated." Obviously this is more of a tableau viuant or of a ballet than of an ordinary society dance, but, well done, It must have been very curious and pretty, and more easily comprehended than another, which represented the waves of the sea. The osnery of course lent enchantment to the view. Even the South American forests, which have been so vividly painted by Hum boldt and Kingsley, seem not superior in intrinsio beanty to the miniature land scapes of Fiji, where the hills take the form of an amphitheatre, where brooks and waterfalls glisten iu every direction; where the tropical vegetation at the base of the hills shades off gradually towards the summits Into that of temperate zones, and where the atmosphere is "lucid as crystal, pure as an opal." Certainly it will not be altogether gain if these paradises are transformed into sugar and cotton plantations, and the native dance replaced by gangs of coolies working under the corses ;anc threats of the slave master. ' 