BKOADBEIM'S NEW YOEK LETTEK. " The best laid plaiia ~ - - . Of mice and men are aft gang aglee " New York is a disappointed city—a very disappointed city: • We have teen grumbling for a week. For mortths past, iff a quiet way, we have been fixing ourselveB for a celebra tion. Centennial celebrations bad been going on all around us, and ve began to think that -it was about time to lake a hand in itr' York town : bad • one ; Philadelphia had glorified Penn; Baltimore had celebrated the landing of Calvert ~ Newburg had a jolly hlov out to :celebrate the diflbandment of the army j and .we: thought if there ever was a; point iq our. history that' was worth celebration, It was when the }ast-redpo&t; shoved us the full front of his back and 'sailed away'acrosB the briny seb; we had been fighting for. eight, long years j our ships were rotting at the wharves, while' British- cruisfers lay off of Sandy Hook watching like tigers for prey, i It was not at all certain that they were going i till .they west j and if evera day deserved 1 celebration it waa iDfovember the 25th, 1883. : Fifty years agq it was a holiday almost equal? 1ng the 4th of July. All (he militia tqrned out and revolutionary heroes, who were not theu scarce, were accorded seats of honor. The veteran aof 1812 were thick as hops, and through the Eastern States ever; other man you met was a eaptaia or a colonel. : Bat after the Mexican war it began to be neglected, and the events of the late war overshadowed every; other celebration ; but some of us old fogies began to think that it was about time to have a revival, and quite a number of thousands of dollars were raised to give due effect to the holiday. The night of the 34th was ominous, and tbe morning of the 25th \- confirmed the evil prognostic; the rain, cold and miserable, came pouring down j the streets were sloppy and wet; everything was soaking j no patriotism in the world would withstand it j and, like Bob Acres's courage, it seemed to ooz* out of the tips of their fingers. But while the multitude wavered, there were 'men 'who were made of sterner stuffmefl who bftd gone through fire, and who were not to be frightened by water. There is not another city in the country but would have abandoned aU thoughts of a procession under -such trying circum stances j and it js safe t° say that there has been »o celebration in this century which has callod together a larger number of distin guished men. Aside from the evacuation of New York by the British troops was the unveiling of the statute of Washington on the identical spot and on the identical shore where the immortal Washington- stood tp make his inaugural address. Notwithstanding all - the drawbacks,: the celebration was -grand one, and tough old Ben Butler was as loudly cheered as auy hero in the celebratic. He stood uncovered, in the rajpj refusing the shelter of an um brella; and when other weakneed patriots fled to shelter, be kept his post till the last man of the procession had passed. In connection' with the celebration there was one circumstance^which aroused considerable ill-feeling, Mr. W- H. Vanderbilt, although a very rich man, is n ot ■ considered by those who know him best as a very ^wise man or a very discreet man. He owns what is supposed to he one of the finest houses in the city; half the Bohemians in town have tried their hands at describing it; and it is a very fine house; but On Monday, as tbe profession passed, not a flag or sign waved from window or roof, whereas the whole city was a sea of hunting. It looted as if the bloated bondholder was saying to himself, as he looked out on the procession from his comfortable quarters, | " Oh 5 the public be ." I don't know that :he said that, hot it certainly looked like it. The burning of the old Windsor Theatre, on the Bowery, takes away one of the old theatr)Cfd. landmarks of tue city. ■ On that spot1 stood the first circus that New York ever' had under a roof, and it was here that Levi North, the great bareback- rider, ap peared, and the wonderful Sands boys and hundreds of others whose names nave a brilliant sawdust reputation. June Titus and Angivine, who names were famous as circus meni forty and fifty years ago, were the lessees ; and during their absence on their summer tours tbe ring'was covered over and it was rented as a theatre to whoever would take it, hut the patronage was poor, for the Bowery opposite monopolized the public, and well it might, for at .that time it was presided over by Thoipas Hajnblin, one of the handsomest men and best actors that ever trod: the American stage. There, too, were the beautiful Mrs. Shaw and Miss Missoura, a sister of Tony Pastor's, and one of the handsomest women in America, Lester Wal lapb and his cousin James Wallack, with John Qilbert and Charles 'Burke, the brother of Joe Jefferson, were all members of the Bowery Company- Plays were oast there as they never have heen oast since, and'probably will not be in the present generation- There is a play bill still extant with a cast of Julius Caesar, at the Bowery Theatre, ■ which never has and I doubt if it ever can be equalled. Edin forest then in his zenith, was the Brutus j the elder Booth was the Cassius; Thomas Hamhlin was the Mark Anthony; Mrs. Shaw, the Portia, and the rest of the cast was made up of the best actors in the city,' But I wander from my subject of the did Windsor, X was saying that opposite such a theatre any rival stood hut a poor chance ; yet ife was in that old circus that Barney Wil liams made his first appearance ; his friends 1 who helped him losing about forty dollars—an immense sum to that impecunious crowd ; yet, though Barney went home without his supper that night, he lived long enough to accumulate a . quarter- of - a million, and died like a gentleman at hi* country seat' a few miles from Brooklyn. But X have been speaking of ghosts, scarcely one remains to ■ tel4 the story—Lester Wftllack at seventy and John~ Gilbert at eighty still tread the boards ; but another decade and they, too, will have passed away and somebody else ; then Broad brim must write their story: " Yale old friends, .peace; to their aahea and the ashes of the Windsor." The winter is here, cold and chilly, Crod blew the poor! 