PERIL BY MISS .1 ESSIE FOTHERGILL. Amtoit or "First Violin," "Probation," "lCrnt and Kin," " Made on Marred," &c..; &e.; PART II.— STANESACRE. Cn after IV.— With the Heart— Against tue Head. — (Continued.) " Yon said you had a great deal to tell me," Baid Margaret Hankinson, softly. "Begin now, Hugh, and let me hear what it is." " You remember the conditions of my grandfather's will ? " " Perfectly." " As long as I chose to remain in Dorkinc- ford, I was to have a post in the works.'' "Yes." "Well, I am not going to remain in Dark- ingford. I am going abroad, and that im mediately." " Going— abroad !" aho echoed faintly, and she stopped in hor walk, and elung to his arm, for ahe felt as if she were reeling with surprise and dismay. " What do you mean ?" " I mean that I am going to begin at the beginning. Australia is the country I have decided upon going to. As yon know, I have £100 a year secure. With that, no one need ever starve, I have also some money of my own. which I have managed to save. Perhaps I shall go out as a working man — indeed. I have almost decided to do so. I want to see what roughing it really means. I shall set to work as soon as I find something suitable. They say — I hear it everywhere — that skilled artisans are what are wantod in the colonies — men who can turn their hands to something, and none of your clerks and counter jnmpers. Before I go I shall very likely learn some handicraft. I flatter myself that I am capable of doing that. Then I shall go awav, and see if I can't set up a little business there hy degrees; and then, Margaret, in a few years I shall come back, and tone you ont as my wife. What do you say to that ?" "I— I— Hugh, I nm so amazed— I do not know what to say," she stammered, quite crushed and overcome by this announcement. This was indeed different from the picture painted by her dreams, in which she had been by his side, with him, helping him and sup porting him, and at least feeling that even if her efforts to improve the faturo of the masses | had abruptly and ignominiously come to an : end, ahe was visibly bettering and alleviating I tbe present lot of one man, and that a worthy one. " You are surprised," he said. " I thought you would be. But when you think of it and consider it, I am sure yon will see bow good the plan is. Sinco I decided upon this Published br special arnstement with tbe author AH rights reserved course I have been qnito content, almost happy. I think you'll own that it is better- ay, and higher, if yon oome to think of it — than Lawfurd's ignoble proposal." ' " Why, what was that ?" she asked, almost breathlessly. " That I should crawl to Peril's feat, and tell her that I woald thank her kindly to spare me a little out of her superabundance," said Nowell defiantly, all his deep seated anger and irritation flaming forth, now that he gave words to his rankling feelings, " A I pretty idea 1" | " Ask your cousin for money, Hugh 1 I \ could not have credited Mr. Lawford with j each a suggestion. He struck me as being 1 so proud and fastidious In his ideas about such , things." j " Ha did not say ask, exactly," Baid Hngh, j wishing to be just ; it was one of bis best ! qualities, " You know, that afternoon of the funeral, Peril tried to make me eay that I ! would come to an arrangement, and share her j fortune. She begged It — implored it even; | and was very much out up when I refused. But I felt it better in every way not to yield." "You would not consent 1 Ob, Hugh, the poor girl must have felt that she was in a manner accursed." These wordB were disagreeable to Hugh, for thoy were au echo of those other words of Lawford's, which he professed to have heard with indignant contempt. He said hastily : " Peril is not a girl to have those feelings long. Soon enough wo shall hear of her amuBing herself famously at Wiswell, and awaking to find herseif a great heiress and a great beauty, with the world, especially the unmarried men of it, grovelling at her feet. She will thank me then for what I have done." Margaret was silent ; her mind was filled with widely varying feelings ; but she said at last : " And must you go .' " He was disappointed that sho did not rather say, " Ob, you noble Spartan I How I ad mire yon ! " Bat lie repressed bis feelings. is useless ; I cannot. Every day I spend here makes me feel bitterer, aDd more wretched and more dissatisfied. This plan, when it came into my bead, was like a gleam of light — like dawn after a dark niglit. I Baid to myself, ' Tho question is Bolved. If Margaret will bless me by her promiso to wait for me, I shall go content and hopeful. If she refuses, I shall have to go still ; bnt I shall sever myself from every tie that now binds me to England and what has been my home.' I felt that my life problem was solved at last ; and the solution ouly waits for your sanction, Margaret." Again a short silence, tin nt last sho said, with passionate protest Bounding in her low tones : " Oh, Hugh, if I were just three years younger ! Lou have all life, all manhood, and evor bo much of your youth still before you. My youth, Bucb youth as n woman has is past now, and over. JuBt think of it ; supposing you return, say in five or six years, and find me an old woman, while yon arc yet No ; go, if you feel it best, and I dare say it is — go ; but go free from any tie to me." "That T never will. At least, never, so long as you own yon love mc ! I'll wait here, if yon forbid mo to go ; but I'll never give yon up." " You think far, far too much of me. Oh, Hugh, forgive me ! I liato myself for it ; but I somehow cannot belitre that it will Inst. I cannot believe that you will go out into the world, and stnv away for years, perhaps, and come back to me with your love undimmed. And yet, if yon did not, my life and my hope would be gone, and that iB why I say, Go ; but go free." " Never, Margaret 1 You don't know what iny heart is mado of. I see yon don't trust me yet ; but you' may as well,, ray dear, you may as well give in at once. Almost the first time I saw you I said to myself, ' She shall be my wife,' and I have said it many a hundred times since. Give up yoursuspicions, Margaret You owned that you loved me. A woman in love makes herself hnppy and st-cure in her faith in the perron sbo loves. Look at me now, and say what yon see to dis trust in me." He stopped her, and they looked at one another in the flickering yellow shine of the slreot lamp. Ilis dark young fnce was calm and bright ; his lips wero closed with a certain air of purpose, of fndomitable resolution, which sat well on them, and which comas easily to youthful lips in general. His eyes t sought hers with a look at once loverly and protecting, which pierced her through and through. No ; sho could not, and woald not doulit him. He meant it, and ho was no light and flimsy nature : and he was good and hand some, and desperately in love with her, as she was with hiin. Should she not believe that ho know best what to do with his own life? Had he ever proved himsolf unsteady or unstable before? No. Then why should lie be bo now? She had grown pale. Her oves wero filled with tears ; licr refined and rather worn face was transfigured into nbsolnte beauty during the few moments of keen emotional life which she, along with him, parsed through just then. She looked into liis face and into his eyes, ns if she would read Ids vtrv soul, and said at last, grasping both Ills hands in hers : "Be it so ! I yield to yon. Go, if you mu«t go, and tako iny promise with you, and my heart j and do not forget that yon hold nil my life and all my Happiness m tho hollow of your hand." " I hope I may be forgotten of God myself, if I ever do, for one moment, lose sight of that 1" ho said solemnly. And so tlieir compact was made, and Nowell returned home, and found that Lawford had also come in from his walk, and therewith sat down and told him ail that had happened. Chapter V. — Old Order Chanoeth. "And you really mean," said Lawford, when he had patiently beard out the expo sition of No wall's views and intentions — "yon really mean that you have got engaged to Miss Hankinson, on the understanding that you are straightway to learn a handicraft and go to Australia, and leave her behind, while you ply it for a living?" " That is the understanding. Margaret, yon mast remember, lute never held the same views that many women do. She said— I have heard lier say it many a time — that if ever she did marry, her liasbaad should be a man who wanted a helpmate, not a doll." ' I fail to see how she is to be a helpmate while she is at home in England and you at the Antipodes. Yon onglit, in -justice to lier, to let her carry out her theories to their logioal conclusion, and go out with yon as yonr wedded wife." Nowell's face flushed. Lawford watched him with a smile, half kindliness, half shrewd ness, playing on his lips. " Tho youngster is mnddlod in his ideas, or rather lie shrinks from reduoing them to practice. He wants to marry her, and he is pleased to think that she fancies him, poor as he is now ; but he has got the real bourgeois notions that might be expected from his up bringing and education. He wants to see the house, and the tables and chairs, and the pots and pans, with a certain something to replenish them with, before lie will let her go with him. And she, if I am not mnch mis- taken, would sooner follow liim with a little bundle and a crust of bread, than sit by and wait till the semi- detached villa is nady nnd furnished, with a parlor moid to open the door and a cook in tho kitchen." " I laid it all before lier," Hugh said. " I explained what I felt about it. First, she wanted thore to be no agr-ement between us ; but I would sot consent to that. Then she turned reuod, like the »eble creature the is, and said I was to go, and she would be true to me." " Well, she ia cither a very careless and reckless woman, or a very noble one — one in a thousand I" said Lawford. " I confess it would be more tban I could summon courage to do— get engaged to a woman in that way, and leave her alone to wait while I went on adventures; bnt since sho is willing, and yon feel equal to it, why, I wish you both well." Little more was said between them. Nowell felt in his heart of hearts that Lawford, though no whit changed in his demeanor, did not cordially approve of the course he was taking ; nnd he himself, althongh flushed with the elation of victory — victory over his own hard circumstances nnd over Margaret's unwillingness— was not alto gether satisfied with himself. He could not quite banish from his mind that scene whioh had taken p'ace between him and his cousin on tho afternoou of his grandfather's funeral. He could not altogether forget Peril's despair, and the hard and brntal things that Mrs. Robson hod Baid to her ; the worn and sad expression of her eonntenanee as she lay fainting on the sofa; the eager hope with which she had turned to him afterwards, and the blank and stony look with which at last, when she found him obdurate, she had turned awav. Wha' wan he doing now ? For what might he not, in the end, be anBwerahle? " Pooh !" ho said to himself at last, trying to shake of? liis feeling of discomfort ; " ona had to be practical, not visionary ; one had to act, not dream. The world would never stand still to let two persons sentimentalise on their own affairs. He had been literally oast upon the world with his life in his own hands, nnd he was going to see what he could make of At breakfast the following morning he said to Lawford : " I am going down to the office with yon this morning for the last time. I am going to take leave of Hankinson, and tell liim I hare got no more to do with his business." " And have vou selected the handicraft that yon intend to pursue 1" inquired Lawford drily. "Certainly I have. As soon as I have squared accounts with Hankinson I am going to a joiner's yard that I know of. When I was a lad many a shilling's worth of wood have I bought from him, and many nn honr have I stood with my feet in the shav ings, watching his men at their work. He knows me well. I shall ask him to let roe learn his trade in his shed ; and when I know enongh to earn a living with it I shall sail for the Antipodes." " So 1 It is an honorable colling, and one which no man need be ashamed to own for hiB own," oaid Lawford calmly, and beginning, despite himself, to feel a good deal of interest in tho success of the experiment. The two yonng men entered the well known office together. Mr. Hankinson was not vet come, and Nowell devoted himself to his usual work until tho manager's arrival, when he immediately went to liis office. Even in the few weeks which had elapsed sinco Mr. Nowell's death Hankinson lind ncquired a now air of importance and busi- ness-liko reserve, and had all the demeanor of a man whoso time is so much occupied that he feels he has a right to resent frivolous interruptions. Perhaps lio thought Hugh Nowell's en trance now was nn interruption of sneli a nature, for he looked up with a sharp expres sion betokening anything but welcome, and said shortly : " Well, sir, what can I do for yon ?" " Nothing, thank von," said Nowell tran quilly, " except to spare me a few moments of vour valuable time. I have something to say to yon." Hankinson was silent, fumbling among some papers, and not very successfully trying to look easily unconcerned. " I have come to wish yon good-morning," continued Nowell. " I nm not going to remain in the offico any longer." "What? Leaving us? This is very un expected — I may say, nnthought of," said Hankinson, raising his head with a look of greater animation "Is it?" was Hugh's indifferent answer, " I should think, though, it can hardly be stir- - prising. There is not much to tempt me to remain, is there ? " " I don't know, Mr. Nowell. Some persons might think that a place, and a certain provi sion for life " "Might compensate amply for the loss of everything else. I think differently, Mr. Hankinson. I have decided to learn n trade and leave tho country, nnd I think it only right to tell yon so. One hundred pounds a year I take under my grandfather's will. I will see that the solicitors always have an address to which thoy can send me a cheque when due. And, ono other thing. Bill you sec youi daughter last night, when sho came in 5" « N — no !" faltered Mr. Hnnkiuson, with a sudden look of apprehension. "Then she has not told you what pawed between us. Sho has promised that, some day, when I am in a position to return and claim hor, sho will be my wife. I wonld not for the world have you deceived in the matter ; therefore it is that I have come to toll you this. And so I wish you good morning. I am suro my cousin's interests are safe in your hands." Mr. Hankinson, too astounded to reply, had let him go, while lie sat, as it were, spell bound at his, desk, gazing after him. Hugh passed out iuto the outer office, where n number of other clerks sat, the plaoe which he had known so long, since lie had been a lad of 15, at which mature age he had had to "turn to," to nse his grandfather's ex pression, and begiu his career as a man of business. And for ten years — it was just a little more tban ten years ago— ha had been kept persis tently and steadily at that one pursuit— the learning how to make money. Ho had endured it, hoping for better things, looking for the dawn of a brighter day. He was worse off now than he had been then. He felt nothing but bitterness as his gaze wan derer round the dingy room, with its smoky walls and ceiling and dusty windows. But, at any rate, lie was going to be free of it and rid of it for ever. There were one or two of the men to whom he wished to say good-bye. He went up to them and told them he was going away, and that he offered them his good wishes, nn 1 asked for theirs in return. One and nil returned liis farewell heartily. They all liked liim, nnd hod looked for ward with satisfaction to the time when lie Bhonld rnle over them ; and many of them had felt anything bnt enthusiastic about the unexpected change which had given them Hankinson ns absolute chief for an indefinite term. Nevertheless, the parting was dry, com posed and unemotional, as partings between Englishmen are wont to he. The hand shakes were all over, the little sententious speeches alt made. " I shall see you this evening," Nowell ob served to Lawford, who nodded ; and the lad thai picked up his hat and left the place of which he oagbt to have been the master at that moment — left it, to begin the world nnew. At Miamisburg, Ohio, thousands of people surround the graveyard every night to witness the antics of an alleged ghost. Tne mayor, marshal, revenue collector and hundred. of prominent peo;le testify to having i-euu it. . Several hundred people, armed with clubs and I guns, assaulted the spectre, which appeared to bo a woman in white. Clubs, bullets und shots tore the air in which the mistv figure floated without disconcerting it in the least. The people of the town all turned ont, and began exuuming all the bodies in the cemetery to get at it. Three have already been ex humed. 