THE INDIAN COOLIE BUSINESS. 3Vfn. Griffith has promptly and firmly Eut down his foot 0/1 the Indian coolie usiness.. There is no hesitation nor equivocation in what he has said. The Opposition section of the Press has im plored him to declare his policy. Mr. Macrossan, the whilom co-worker and subsequent champion of the working men, has declared his intention of forc ing the Premier's hand on the coloured labour question. He, who was once with the working men, is now against them. The defender of the rights and.liberties of the working classes has beComothe champion of the .mercenary and clamor ous capitalists. Be it so', if so he choose. Retribution generally follows perfidy. As for the Premier, ne' has waited till the right moment had arrived for de claring his policy on the coolie question; on tho arrival of the opportune moment he has, without any politi cal formula, or affirmative or nega tive pubic declaration of policy, quietly and, definitely swept the sub ject off the table of hiB policy. It has no place there. Mr. Macrossan's threat was the vain boast of baffled courage and ostentatious chivalry. That he will try to execute his threat may be assumed. To do so will harmonise with his crabbed obstinacy. He is a man of tenacious resentfulness. Innate dispo sition and party fidelity will combine to constrain him to'push to the front BUch an important element of his party's, policy. Take affirmations and protes tations as we may, there cannot be a shadow of doubt that the policy of the present Opposition, so far as it concerns the working classes, is in perfect harmony with the tra ditions of the party they represent. Ever since the establishment of respon sible government in Queensland that party has invariably and systematically sacrificed the interests of the industrial classes to the interests of capitalists. They have aimed to build up an aris tocracy on a basis of cheap labour; criminal expirees, Chinamen, Poly nesians, East Indians, Malays—it mat tered not of what physical or moral complexion, so long as it was cheap. The old aristocratic spirit animates them still. "What, in this respect, they were, they still are, and ever will be. On the other hand, the Liberal party has always been the popular party—in aim, in effort, in principle. It has been the guardian and conservator of the people's rights. On special occa sions, as during the late general elec tion, the haughty Conservatives have condescended to flatter the humours of the "lower orders," and to affect a con cern for the welfare of those orders, a concern through the transparent hypo crisy of which the working man "was sagacious enough to see the ghost of aristocratic self-interest. Ingenious adaptation of means to an end did not conceal the end. Behind the flimsy flattery of the working classes there, loomed the dark shadows of a Million coolies. The be'praised working man mostly saw plainly that, he was being flattered that he might be thrust out of -the lucrative wage ways of the colony. There was, a small and silly section of the working classes who did not see all this; who had sub mitted to be blinded by bribes and muddled by grog; wno were too ignorant or too prejudiced to look be yond the wants and wages of the present day: these men voted illegally for money paid to them by the aiders and abettors of coloured labour. Their mercenary flunkeyism and their electional frauds failed "to secure the ends of those, poli ticians whose tools they were. It would be a dire calamity for this young colony if the great questions of public policy could be practically settled by mobs of men whose exercise of the fran chise was controlled by parliamentary candidates with more money than moral principle, with more greed of money than sense of honour. Tor the present the schemes of the cheap labour and self-aggrandising section of politicians have been frustrated by the vigilance, earnestness, and sagacity of that portion of the colonists who are too patriotic and high principled to compromise their long-cherished convic tions for immediate monetary gains. The true statesman looks atn diffi culty on all sides. Its immediate issues may b« comparatively light and tran sient. Its remoter issues may be of the utmost consequence to the population, the industry, and the government of the colony. Eor instance, if the cla morous advocates for coloured labour are allowed to have their way the whole industrial character of the colony will be ultimately changed. It will be governed by an oligarchy of wealthy planters and squatters. The masses of the population:will be servile. Mr. Griffith and his parly have been elected for the express purpose of pre venting such a condition of things. One of tho great war cries of the late electoral campaign was—" Queensland for Europeans." Any equivocation on this point would have been fatal to the" potent unity of the Liberal party. There w6uld bkve been a third party of labour democrats. Party division was avoided by unanimity of sentiment on the part of candidates. Mr. Griffith defined his course at the start. Then he had simply to say, " Follow me." The great majority or the candidates and electors did follow him. His policy was endorsed by the grand verdict of the polling booths. His recent reply to the Government of India is the natural sequence of that verdict. His action could not have been different. Be the results what they may to the omnivorous planters, the action is the logical result of the general election. The Governor-General of India is prepared to accept the draft regula tions for Indian immigration to Queens land forwarded by Sir Thomas MTI WTaith on the 21st June last. Mr. Griffith regrets that the Indian Gov ernment should have been put to so much trouble in the matter, but he informs the Secretary to that Gov ernment that " it is not the inten tion of the. present Government of this colony to submit !to Parlia ment for its approval any regula tions for the introduction of In dian immigrants." So the prolonged negotiations terminate in a fiasco. The pohcy of the Government of the colony in that respect is reversed. The only agitation on the subject in the future will be by the minority in the Assembly, at the instigation of the sugar planters. Mr. Griffith had no alternative. He was | pledged by bis own views and prin ciples as. well as by'the result of the general election to take the standing ground he now occupies. The big capitalists may suffer through his deci sion, but it does not by any means follow that the sugar industry will be ruined. It may possibly eventuate that it will become transformed into a legi timate agricultural pursuit by agricul turists, instead of a planter's monopoly by absentee proprietors; We shall in finitely nrefer the former. 