THE LECTURER. LECTURE ON " HAMLET." The following is tne substance ol a lecture on "Hamlet" recently given by the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, Lie Vice-Chancellor, in connection with the University Shak epeare' Society. Me observed that |Shak speares "Hamlet" was the profoundeet add the most difficult, and therefore the moat fascinating drama in all literature. The common opinion touching the cna racter of Hamlet was that he was a brave, educated, gentlemanly Prince—a man with a melancholy and thoughtful cast of mind, which had been intensified by a liberal edu cation ; a man who, had he been born in the middle ranks of society a few centuries later, would have shone in thepeaceful regions of scholarship, but whose misfortune was that he was born a Prince in a wild and semi . barbarous Court, and in the midst of political circumstances which showed the times to be sadly "outof joint." Upon this man there was laid by supernatural interposition a burden of dubious duty which was too heavy for him to bear. He was cursed with a habit of too much thinking, begetting in him a tendency to procrastination. .He no sooner saw the way to action open to him than he began to speculate on his motives and reasons for carrying out hiB purpose, and while brooding over the event he let' the oppor tunity slip. His weighty responsibility had the effect of partially unhinging 'his mind and driving nim to simulate a madness to which he was almost driven in reality. He planned, and then failed to translate into deeds what had influenced his mind. He sacrificed everything to this fatal irresolution, and finally fella victim to a foul plot, not, however, before he had accomplished his task, which he did after all by a sadden im pulse. If this view of Hamlet's character were correct, Shakspeare with consummate genius had sketched for us a picture of a man whose misfortune it was to be unable to fight the battle of life, not from lack of ability or courage, but from being unable to make up his mind to do at once what he felt he ought to do, and must do sooner or later. To his own mind this view of Hamlet's character was not satisfactory. It did not seem to be borne out in the circumstances in which he was placed. He was no coward by nature. He could dare and do great deeds. A rude public like that of ancient Denmark was not likely to esteem a dreamer, yet we heard of " the great love the general bare him." He was no recluse, but "the observed of all observers." He was a soldier even more than he was a scholar. He did not seem to know what fear meant. Even in the presence of the Ghost he showed no sign of trepidation. Nowhere did he present the aspect of a man afraid to do what he wanted to do. . Something else beside fear, something other than either tre pidation or irresolution must be sought for to explain his frequent delays, his unwilling procrastination, and the lecturer thought we might find the key to what we sought partly in Hamlet himself, and partly in his surround ings. If Hamlet were really mad—that was, so unhinged in his mind that he wa i only to a limited extent responsible fov his words and actions after the terrible interview with his father's spirit — then we might at once give up nice distinctions as to his motives and liis character. But he for one agreed with those who did not think Shakspeare ever intended us to think of Hamlet as really mad. He had the greater number of medical experts against him in thiB opinion, but that only proved the cleverness of Hamlet's acting and the skill of the author of the play if other circumstances went to Bhow that this madness was feigned. In spite of the penetrating force of the argu ments of Dr. Connolly in his "Study of E: mlet" (1863), and of Dr. Kellogg in his book, " iShakspeare's Delineations of Insanity, Im becility, and Suicide" (New York, 1866), and many others, he still felt that we missed all the meaning of this play if we took it as nothing more than the record of the freaks of a clever man gone mad. The strongest argu ment, and one which to him was conclusivo, in favour of the ordinary view of this ques tion Was that afforded by a comparison of the fearliet and later forms of " Hamlet." This play existed in two very different editions. In 1602 there.' occurred an entry in the Stationers' Register, by James Roberts, of a book called " The Revenge Of Hamlet, Prince Of Denmark, as it Was lately acted, by the lord. Chamoerlayhe .his servants." As-this Was Shakspeare'8 oompany of players there was little doubt that this'was Shakspeare's tragedy. No cdpy pi this edition waa known to ejnst, and whether 'it was ever printed was doubtful. In 1603 was printed the' shorter' play in quarto, of which two copies were known -to have survived. In 1601 the second qnarto. was published, " enlarged to almost. as much again as it was." This was substantially the " Hamlet" as we bad it, though not exactly, for when the folio of 1623! was published the-'1 Hamlet" In'that' Volume ' oontained some postages not in any cd. the, quartos and omitted others. The first qnartp contuined 2,143 line^the second quarto 3,719.' No doubt we had'in the shorter play the . first'form of the tragedy—a genuine work of; 'the poet, though it was left uncertain In our: mind whether it was not itself ■ ah altered - edition of a yet older work. - The character: of Hamlet in his moments of action wasfully i conceived in the earlier- play.—-It was,-0-2! Knight said, the contemplative part of his nature which elaborated in the perfect copy* In reference to Hamlet's madness we fonnd a marked difference in what was said of the hero. In the first it was much more emphatically stated; in the second these statements were toned down as. though Shakepeare wished to remove from his auditors the impression that Hamlet was really beside himself—an impres sion which his words and actions might well be supposed to warrant. In the later play Ophelia, in a£t:2, scene i., was represented as coming in to her father and saying Alas, my Lord, I have been so affrighted. In the earlier play she enlarged this one line into five, and said that he was actually bereft of his wits— O, my dear father, such a change in nature. So great an alteration in a Prince I He is bereft of all the wealth he had: The jewel that adorned hiB feature most Is filched and stolen away—his wit's bereft him. "Again," toguote Knight, "in the nextscene, when the King communicates his wishes to Bosencrantz and Guildenstern, he does not speak of Hamlet as merely put 'from the understanding of himself," hut in this first copy he says— ' Onr dear cousin Hamlet Hath lost the heart of all his sense. In the description which Polonius gave of Hamlet's madness for Ophelia's love the symptoms were made much stronger in the original copy He straightway grew into a melancholy; From that Into a fast; then into distraction; Then into a sadness; from that Into a madness. And so by continuance and weakness oi the biaim Into the frenzy which now possesses him. Frenzy, according to Barton, was the worst and the final Btage of madness, when the aberration had become clamorous and con tinual. and Polonius told us that he was not only the prey of melancholy and distraction, but by continuance of frenzy. The later copy was much milder in its description of these symptoms—a sadness, a fast, a watch, a weakness, a lightness, a madness. Shaks peare did not either in his first sketch or in his amended copy intend his audience to believe that Hamlet was essentially mad, and he removed, therefore, the strong expressions which might encourage that belief. With this opinion of Knight the lectnrer felt bound to agree, and it was strengthened by reference to the original story, as told in Belleforest's collection of novels, from which Shakspeare got the materials of the plot. There we read again and again " how Hamlet counterfeited the madman to escape the tyranny of hiB uncle." To work out the plot of this drama with a clever, thoughtful, sane man as its bead, taking on madness as a cloak, was a vastly more difficult literary performance than simply to draw for us a picture of the ravings oi a demented scholar, oppressed and tormented by circumstances.' Shakspeare attempted the more diffibnlt task, and that he had suoceeded all seemed to agree, except those, specialists who had been deceived by Shakspeare's marvellous success into think ingtbat the hero was actually beside himself. If Hamlet then was not mad, and if there was no evidence that he was too weak by nature for the performance of a great task, how should we solve the enigma of his character ? To this query there was a double answer—one obtained from bis own actions, and one from his surroundings. In the mental history of any mind some sudden unexpected event might so take possession oi the chambers of the brain as to dwarf all other events in comparison, and to check all activities which did not have immediate re ference thereto. For instance, let a brave commander on the eve of a battle receive news that his wife or child was at the point of death, and who wonld wonder if his orders were not always correct? If an eloquent politician were told as he entered the Legis lative Chamber on some great night tint his home bad been invaded by treachery, he would have no heart for the details of an argument. Neither in the one case nor the other would we say that the soldier was less brave in spirit or that the tongue of the orator had permanently lost its power to. charm. Othello when poisoDed by jealousy did what Othello in his own nature would never have done. Similarly it would seem as if something bad prepossessed Hamlet's mind which by its constant presence in his thoughts incapacitated him from carry ing out the purpose assigned him. If a man were oppressed with having a great deed to do which he was unable to accomplish he could not accuse himself of perpetually for getting it, as Hamlet did with evident truth, instead of being always thinking of it we found him musing and brooding over the possibilities of escape from so vile a world, and alternating with cool and keen analysis, polished criticism, and petu lant wit. and when his mind did revert to this " great action," this dread command which was supposed to haunt it and to keep it in a whirl of doubt and irresolution, it was because Hamlet wasforcibly recalled to it, be cause some incident startled him to recollec tion ; proved to him tbathe had forgotten it, and he turned upon himself with surprise and in dignation. Why is it this thing remains to do? Am 1 a .coward; Do I lack gall? Is it bestial obliv ion ? Or is it Some craven scruple Of thinking too precisely on the event? There was in this drama a double tragedy as it were—the one outward in the events which passed before us, the other inward in thesoul of Hamlet. Each had its initial move ment, each had its crisis, and each had its inde pendent development. The two were concur rent, but not coincident. They were intimately related, and yet were distinct. In the out ward drama the great event, the turning point, was to be found in the command given by the Ghost to kill the King. In the inward drama we mmst seek for some other motive, for Hamlet, with his "bestial oblivion," waa evidently not dominated by this oommand. That other event took place before the open ing of this ghostly commission, and it seemed nothing more'nor less than the marriage of his mother on the death of the late lung. This event had annoyed him, had disgusted him, had shaken his faith in everything, but especially in feminine worth. His father had been a man of such noble character, and his mother, previous to this "o'er hasty marriage," had seemed to him the very tvpo of wifehood and womanhood, that to find her seduced by.that man whom he describes to his motherae,: A murderer and a villain, A slave that is not th« twentieth part the type Of your precedent lord,' had so unhinged him and disturbed his moral nature that all thought and action were tainted with the memory of the foul deed. •The crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the man was antecedent to the crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the Prince. This seemed to be hinted at in the very first muttered words that Hamlet spoke in the play before; he had seen the Ghost. It was still more mani fest in his soliloquy, plso uttered before hb had receivejl the supernatural1 command1, beginning—' O, that this too too solid flesh would melt. When Hamlet was introduced to us he was not a mere scholarly knightly Prince, but one whose philosophy had been -rudely shaken by an event 'which had annoyed him ; whose confidence in the order of the world had been disturbed; whose chivalrous devotion to ideal womanhood had received a terrible shock. He had been deceived by his own mother. Everything seemed wrong in consequence, some three months after this disastrous subjective crisis in the mind of the hero occurred the objec tive ■ crisis of the drama. A ghost appeared, aB a visitant from the unseen realms of purgatorial fires, and told Hamlet that the present King murdered in profound secrecy the former King, and that it was his duty to avenge that murder. Now, what course, was alone open to Hamlet unless he were in very deed a mad fool ? We heard a great deal from the critics of irresolution. Suppose he had been, as the critics seemed to have wanted him to be, "grandly resolute," and rushed at the King with his rapier tne next time they met and pierced him to the heart. What then? Hamlet would have appeared a convicted regicide and nothing more — a disappointed Prince who had murdered his King, his uncle, and his step father, because he had been cheated out of the throne, The late King had died as all thought a sudden but a natural death. Hamlet would have to say he was murdered, but Hamlet's only witness was a ghost, and who would believe him ? Others might sup port bimin his: testimony as jo the actual fact .of this visitant having appeared on the ramparts, but none of these witnesses heard what the Ghost said, except that dubious and sepulchral monition to "swear." The death of the lato King was a horrible murder, but only two persons had any knowledge of it, or indeed any suspicion of it—those were Hamlet and the King himself, who did the deed. It must be Hattalet's first endeavour to get fresh proof of the deed—proof that would satisfy himself, which was easy, and proof that would satisfy the world, which was more difficult. There were no blood shed, . no features of ordinary horror, nothing un natural or suspicions about the deed. The old man apparently died quietly in his after noon nap m his garden. The guilt of the deed was completely entombed, and .could only be brought to light by making the King in some way or other confess it. Hamlet's great burden might have been a righteous revenge, but that duty had as a preliminary task the obtaining evidence that would justify his deed; He postponed the greater till he had done the lesser work. .Remembering this we could understand bis whole course of pro cedure. With' his mind fall of that revulsion which he felt against his mother's frailty he had this fresh burden laid upon.him. His philosophy had taught him the folly of attempting to succeed by noise or blustering assertion. He was, moreover, alone. He could tell no one of his secret except his bosom friend, Horatio. He must proceed with caution, for as soon as the King thought that he Iwas suspected Hamlet's life was not worth much. He hit upon the expe dient of feigning madness, Under the cloak of insanity he could do and say things that would not be tolerated in a man who was not of an antic disposition His mock madness was the very best expedient he could hit upon If he were able to play so very difficult a part. That Hamlet coula act this part we all knew well( . and that he succeeded iu his plan was manliest when we considered the relative importance in the plot of the famous "play scene." From that moment when the King stopped the tragedy Hamlet knew he was right, the Ghost had'not deceived him, the King had been made to bear nnwilling witnesB against himself. After touching in cidentally on some of the other characters in the play the lecturer concluded bv commend ing the patient study of " Hamlet" to the members of .the Society. 