TEMPLES OF THE HOLY JBT JPASTOB STOOUEB. k.»" . -' V " Many passages of Holy SiCTpfore encourage d ey6n>conifiiand us to jpc theface of God. Jn Mfe&TOMto; are 8E8kS&& 4 Seek Hie face evermore. In Ps.-Jm exxYiy, however, we have the reverse side of the same great truth w verse tne ,p$imist exclaims, 4 Whither n l Spirit? or whither shall I .flee froni Thy presence ??MHeb. 4 face').- Here. the face qiiGod and His Spirit Roth supplement each other, thing, for no one ofer'tooks - GPct uidls He have first sought him. , forygars tohave their sins ffflfiVgn, withoufot ev«r edcurrhg tbthem that all they have tq;do is to accept the finished work jof Chifet, Jhafc tfceres ncneed for thei j conciliating GrOd, but that, . on the contrary, He-invitee themto-be-recohbiietHioHmir" We may make known all our rfeqiieets tb God, but We are not to trust to our feelings, button the fact that JesU8'Christ;has bofn0 adFitur sins. Many Ghristiansare epfcirely swayedfoytbeir feelings, and, iniiimes when they do noit realise Gpd's presence, ythey think they must bring "Him down from Heaven. But He never dfi&iigSsr; He'is not" a God afar off ; we need not bring Him down ; He is ever near lis. It seek the face of God to remember that it is His face that is seeking tep. ? --e - it we keep this great act . ifi view, ;w©i«hall discover much that isunreal even in our most earnest prayers.- - Many Christians' wilt lie" on their knees for hpqekmgJ»l)e filled with " the Holy Ghost hut when thpSpiiit. of ; God ; wat.s to speak to then!, theylefuse to listen to His voice. This is a plain proof that they < are by no 'means as anxious to be filled With 3 Holy s Spirit as:they imagine, ofchefcwis© thay wouldf yield? I thoBs points ottwhiehthe Holy Spirit has a controversy with them. We need , not think that by calling loudly upon - God a,nd wrestling with Him, we have to compel Him to concern Himself about us. Let us learn to know God such as He has re- s yealed Himself in fftdy Scrttires.r 3Mf6ach "' one learn not to me&surehimseif; by bis im- prertsions and frames ofi mind; hut bokhto-the . Word of God, and trust, , His promise,! Thin will .stamp our prayers and. our conversation with quite a different character/ Our prayers must have reference to the re vealed willofGod/ An d4 What is that will of God? What is the object' Ho "as in yiew whenihe compases/bout mfe of His creatures " apd His Spirit pursues Him? What la the aimiof 'the uhwearyingirpatient reproving 4>f the Holy Spirit? God! deBires to have the j10?® whiph. He sprgi >acgd ; for Himselfvfor Hi . habitation. Our bodies are the ft willing -VW?K<<>d .destmedi foi t His temple." 1 The Holy Spirit demands > this habitation ofGod, which He prepared for Himself: " God 'demarids these members of ours, which we have turned into members of sin, that they should henceforth become instru ments of righteousness. Among the corses laid upon Israel if they should forsake the law of the Lord their God, it is said, 4 Thou shalt build a house, and thou shalt not dwell therein.' It is thus we have treated God, by allowing other spirits to dwell in His temple. All the work of the Holy Spirit in us has for its object to clear these temples of His from all His enemies, so that our members may again be permeated with the Holy Spirit and become members. of Christ, after having so long served self. How is this to be effected ? First of all, we must get a clear view of God's purposes with us. We must realise that God desires to dwell in us, and that Christ gave up His own body that God may be able to take possession of us. In order to do this we must keep still, when the Holy Spirit is seeking U3, aud deliver up all the enemies which he discovers in us. . . Before the Spirit of God can take up His abode in us. He must, persue us. The enemies of God mist no longer have allies in His children. As soon as we meet with anything in ourselves which uses the unloyal language, 4 We will not have this Man to reign over us if there be any sin which will not yield the ground, let us come and appeal to the fact that Jesus Christ has over- coin© Satau and paid the price for our ransom. He has given up His own life, and delivered Bis body to be torn, in order that our bodies might be set free from sin and become temples of .the Holy Ghost. Let sin entrench itself as much as it will, if we only hold fast the fact that Christ redeemed us from the power of sin on the cross, sin must at last yield. But we must take up our stand on , the side of the Holy Spirit. We must not try to drive out the enemies ourselves, but leave it to Christ to redeem us. Let us never toiget that the Lord shed his blood that our bodies might bgpome temples of the Holy Spirit, which He wants to fill with His glory, in order that He may use them for His service. 