Tales and Sketches. THE PKIEST'S GHOST. A Wild Siobt of Iovb ajid Death amid tbe Gucrans of tbb Hiohbb Alps. (From the Argonaut.) (Concluded from our LutlJ. Sebt nodded, and they set out to cross the glacier. They soon found, themselves on a ridge of ice with terrible precipices on either hand, crossed and recrossed with crevasses to be leaped. Sometimes they came to crvstal-clear ice-crusts, underneath which, far below, they could see a blue river flowing slowly, to fall with a thundering voice into the bottomless abyss. Once they looked through a thin ice-roof into a crystal temple ivhose floor was an exquisite blue lake. ' No man living could find his way here at night,' said Wnldemar, involun tarily. ' But a ghost,' said Sery. "Waldemar was silent, and they struck into a forest path that led to the steps. These they climbed, and as Seraphine was about to enter the little church at the top, Wal demar caught her hand. ' You must make no rash vow, Sery,' he said, hastily. ' Wait until that mid night visit is explained on natural grounds.' She shook her head. ' You are good,' he continued, ' hut goodness sometimes leads to sin. It would be a crime for you to give up your right to be a happy wife for some ghostly joke, and I know you would keep your oath, even if this mummerv were explained later. You owe nothing to this dead priest. Do you call it easy to give up the noblest emotion of youth, and the most precious remembrance of age—the sacrea bond between flesh and spirit ? Poor deluded child, do not sacrifice what you know nothing of.' ' Let me go !' criedJSery, half crying. Though she did not understand him, she was agitated. ' Beally it is easy for me to make the vow. I have no sweet heart, and I don't want one. Alois is so gloomy and masterful that it makes me tremble to think of living a whole lifetime with him. It is easy, I say,' and she struggled with all her might to enter the church. Suddenly she felt two powerful arms around her, and burning kisses on her lips, and Walde mar's voice in her ear.- ' Your vow is worthless. You shall not be lost to love.' Paralysed with terror, Sery suffered Waldemar's embrace. There came a marrow- freezing laugh that set the echoes firing and released her. The grewsome sound came back from the arches of the church like the answer of a hundred devils ; and a broad dwarfish figure clambered over the cliff. Sery flew to the Mission cross and flung her arms around it. 'That is a flesh-and-blood monster, I Sery,' cried Waldemar, aware that this was the Laughing Imp. ' Spirits are | not humpbacked. ' But the Black Knave has fine clothes and a friendly face when he wants to betray an innocent child of man,' moaned Sery, clinging closer to the cross. Then she began to recite an Ave Maria, and Waldemar could not doubt that the Black Knave was the lord of the powers of darkness, and that Sery took him for no less a person. ' Seraphine,' he said softly, without stirring,' perhaps in my anxiety to save you from a rash vow I treated you as I should not. I will make it good as far as I can. You shall be my betrothed bride, and I will honour you above all other women. Will you forgive me ?' Seraphine took it for the effect of her prayer that he did not try to ap proach her, and with bitter certainty of victory she answered, watching every movement of the Evil One: You have robbed the poor Pather of salvation, but you shall not win Scry for hell-fire. Holy Mother of God pro tect me!' ' Do you hate mo so ? ' ' A b I love the angels in heaven.' ' Then I will not torment you. I will not follow you, but shall wait for Alois here. PerhapB you will thank me, when you are quieter, that I have saved you fyom a crime. Go, and be happy.' Ho turned his back on her, and went into the foreBt. She roso slowly and mis trustfully, went to the holy-y^ter vessel and sprinkled herself, then kqrrjpd toward the Fairy Alp. Waldemar came back to the steps and threw himself down to think, hut he had not been there long heforo Alois appeared with his gun. He stood astonished at seeing his master, whom he expected to meet later on the Alp. ' Seraphine brought mb here over the glacier,' said Waldemar, in answer to his questioning look. ' She went hack alone, because the Laughing Imp frightened her.' '•Is he up there?' said Alois, the hunter's instinct roused. ' I have often climbed there to get edelweiss and put it on the altar when Sery came to pray. She thinks the angels bring it.'^ ' Aren't you afraid of imps ?' ' Bah ! Ghosts don't eat mutton,' said Alois, grimly. 'Five sheep have gone from the Saas Alp, and if you have an hour to spare I can earn fifty francs that they have offered for the thief, dead or alive.' ' As you please. I am in no haste,' said W aldemar, growing uncomfortable in his guide's presence. After a long ch'mb, Alois found himself in a rocky region without vegetation, where bowl ders • heaped on one another made caverns that he eyed distrustfully. Under one of these he saw bones and the half-eaten head of a Bheep, and then came a laugh that froze the blood in his veins, used as he was to mountain terrors. The Laugh ing Imp was leaping towards him over the rocks. He was scarcely four feet high, and broad out of all proportion ; and the heavy head, the hanging goitre, the bleared eyes, and ape-like length of hands and feet, left no doubt that the strange being was a cretin. ' Alois! Alois !' he shouted with his thick tongue. . ' Werni, the idiot,' murmured Alois, I turning ashy pale, and staring as if he saw a ghost, while his teeth chattered. "With ghastly distinctness the moment stood before his soul that made him the cowardly inciter of murder. Again he saw the priest's thick-set figure coming down the narrow mountain path, again he repeated to the idiot—whose vanity and vindictiveness every one knew— those idle words of Father Jules that causedthe cretin tothrowthe unsuspect ing priest from the overhanging rockinto the foaming water. Alois stood for a moment, motionless and despair ing, before the idiot tool of his dark deed, then raised his gun and took deliberate aim. Werni sprang behind a rock, and raised such a hailstorm of stones that Alois fled for his life, never pausing until he reached the trees. Then he took breath, and gloomily descended to the chapel. ' So your hurt was unsuccessful,' said Waldemar. ' It was. If you have prayed enough I shall we go back to the Alp ?" said Furrer, with forced humour. [ ' No,' said Waldemar, uneasily. 'I want to push on to Byssel as fast as possible. We reach the Adler Pass sooner from here.' ' But your knapsack ?' said Alois, with lowering brow. ' You can go back to the Fairy Alp, and bring it to me at your own conve nience, later. I will make it worth your while.' ' Shall 1 fetch it now ? I shall meet | you on the upper glacier.' ' I will not have it,' answered Walde mar, disturbed by the boy's pertinacity. If you prefer arranging your own private affairs to following your pro fession, I will dispenso with your ser vices and go alone by Saas and Stalden. It is longer, but I shall havo no alter cations with guides.* ' I beg pardon, heir,' said Alois, with his eyes on the ground; 'I only wanted to oblige. We will start for tho Adler PasB.' ' And that gun,' said Waldemar, pointing to the flint-lock still ov Furrer's shoulder. • ' I can leave it here in the church,' said Alois, embarrassed. Waldomar felt easier when ho emerged without his gun, shouldered his wallet of pro visions, and started up the steep path with apparent unconcern. By night Waldemar was so exhausted that ho would have cared b'ttlo if A lota had made this sleep his last; but Furrer cared for him like a" brother. Tho strength of both withstood tho cutting air, and the next morning they started at a good pace. But Alois had become monosyllabic and gloomy. It struck Waldemar as peculiar that Alois, who had neglected no precautions under leas d&ngPFoqi; circumstances, should this day, when ft slip on the glacier meant shattered, limhs, declare that cuttin. stops was a waste of time. But Ls would not appear more timid than hii guide. Suddenly tho towering rock the Bnow-hidden Monte Kosa group, th» glacier below, the very ice-field he stool on, seemed to make a threatenim circle, while ftn icy hand dragged him by tho feet into the abyss below. He had Eresence of mind enough to know that e was attacked by vertigo, and was in a critical Btate, when he felt a pull 0J the rope _ and heard a couple of ringing blows with the ice-hatchet. Looking up, he saw that Alois bad buried him. self up to tho knees with two strokes ol the axe, and now stood roady to drop it on: the rope that bound them. ' What's the matter ?' called "Walde mar, seeing everything black, and giving way at the knees. ' What do you mean by calling Sen in your sleep, and talking of kisses (' shouted Alois. All thepower. of his youth came back to "Waldemar's limbs with ode ; electric throb. He swung himself up i by the rope and flung both arms around the guide. The two men looked in each other's eyes, and their smoking breaths mingled. ' I will answer you here,' said Walde mar, forcing his feet into the opening where Alois stood firm. ' Sery believed that the ghost of Father Jules appeared to her and told her that he could only bo redeemed by a vow of perpetual maidenhood taken by a young girl whose lips had never been touched by a man. As all my arguments were use less, I took the only means in my power to save the girl from being tho victim of a coarse deception, and kissed her. She believes me the devil in- ■ carnate. Tou can understand that I had no wish to go back to the Alp and be received with aves and holy water. Now, if you still feel inclined to throw me over the precipice, why, I shall have company.' ' The dead priest!' stammered Alois, all the scepticism that he had learned of tourists gone. ' I did see a black-robed figure leave her hut at midnight and cross the glacier. Lor a ghost, I must say his reverence was a remarkable climber, and avoided the crevasses very carefully —but if we don't want our feet frozen to all eternity, we bad better go on. ; You go first and give me the hatchet. I only hope the crime you plotted against me is your first.' ' Sery has robbed me of my reason,' ■obbed the guide. ' If I had not respected you for that I should not have explained, hut simply ; tried which of us was stronger. Now give me the axe and go first. Alois obeyed, and when they stood on a ledge loading by a gentle slope to the glacier, Waldemar untied the cord that bound him to the guide, took out his purse and laid it on a stone. The wajj to Kyssel is direct and easy from here, he said,'and I have no more need of you.' And, without waiting for an answer, he hurried along the descent. Some hours later he found himself in a stony wilderness, where he rested to think over his adventures. He had set foot on the fairy Alp at last, and made tho cherished dream of his vouth a reality; but be would almost have ex- | changed this deathly emptiness of heart for his unfulfilled longing. It was not tho memory of Seraphrae that mndo him sad, for be could not'but congratulate himself that sue had not alfowed the kiss he. gave her to bind him for a lifetime Then ho turned to the thought of Bngitta but even her blooming image could not remove his depression. What was to life but a shrino for a dead man memory ? Ho glanced up with a s.gh, then fancied ho saw figures on the im passable rocks above him. He g loud call, and the answering sound was no echo, but a human vo.ee In foiernjh excitement for tho life o climbers, Waldemar rawed his field glass, and saw three persons to scramble down the steep rockM* whom two were guides. Ho tanly expected to sco them daalie P but at last they left the danger behind, and advanced swiftly, amd t!h^ . , ^ mar's excitement was not dimmishcd^y recognising that tho ° ® jittlo Briptta. Ab they met, sho gave a Cr^Brigitta!' cried Waldemar, j^ng her his nand—' I mean my dear vaam gj0u 'have made. me very anxious for «mr safety-' . 'You richly deserve it, she replied, ■jjj a happy smile that ho had never Tflfcseen. 'My brothers told mo you Lre coming over the Adler Pass, ffhieb, they say, is dangerous.' 'Is he the right one, or arc we to go up the Horn to-morrow for the third time?1 inquired the guides. Brigittu flashed purple and snatched away hor hand. 'Have you been up there before?' jsied "Waldemar. ; 'Yesterday—the view ' began Brigitta, then collected herself. ' 1 ^ill acknowledge, Herr Faltenberg, i that I took the climb because I was a&aid; that my brother's rescuer might be betrayed by his daring into some k'- new danger.' ' 'You overrate an - action without which I should have lost my own life,' he answered, as they took their way over the hills that separated them from Byesel. Then observing her narrowly, be added: "Pardon me if I give, you pain; but what would your husband have done in the same case ?' ' Something unreasonable and selfish, said Brigitta, bitterly. 'You may . think me unfeininine, but I have always despised false feeling. Let me tell you something of him. He was Michael's hero,_ and I was very young when I was married. He was an enthusiast on the subject of danger, and dragged me with him over the highest mountains, and the worst passes, without regard for my sex or health. He was a tyrant, too, and as he absolutely ignored my simplest wishes when they happened to cross his fancy, my affection for him died completely. I remember our last journey with frightful distinctness. He forced me into a carriage though I begged for rest, as I was sick with fatigue. He said it was nothing but cowardice. W e came to a bridge a thousand feet above a thundering mountain stream, and Monteu sprang from the carriage and looked over the railing.,, Then he stepped on a round rock that overhung the water as if it would fall every instant, and, with the ■ sole desire of tormenting me, called to me to come and get the finest view of the fall. The vttiurino shook his head. Monten turned as if to drag me out of the carriage, when his foot slipped, and he was gone. A few days later nis body ..was found horribly mangled at the foot the precipice. Don't judge me too harshly. ■1 Waldemar_ was silent, struggling: against a desire to blame the dead man w. words. Meantime they reached • Kyssell,: where the tourists welcomed him with three ringing cheers. ■ 5e lingered day after day near ; Brigitta, sometimes taciturn and moody, • then again proving himself the pleasant •' esh companion a young widow could .wish eight thousand feet above the sea level. One morning they set out to S^er in pursuit of a view, and as ■ Waldomar seemed inclined to drop into hip gloomy mood, again Brigitta determined to prevent it by reminding him of his promise to tell her about the ihairy Alp. In a quiet monotonous voice, like a confession, ho told her his adventures, but when ho came to tho chapol scene, his voice shook-and ho spoke with difficulty. Brigitta had changed colour sevornl times, but, ns • be ended, she said, firmly : 'You acted bravely in preventing her from eatrificing hersolf to her suporsti tion." 'T°taar that from you is my worst punishment,' he answered, with bitter (self- contempt. 'When I hold Sery in my arms I felt something very like love. The nojt distant it was gone, and tho offer I made to repair my insult before the altar was simply mado from a con i. sciousness of guilt.' ' ' Every man is weak, but every man does not ontor into judgment with him self im sternly,' said Brigitta, with a ,"apd.smile. ' l'or that matter, to whom, besides Serapbino, are vou account able?' 1 You are right—to no one,' ho an swered ; and they walked on in silenco. ' Toll mo ono_ thing, Brigittn,' he im plored at last,' if you have any charity for a boipg who was passably reason able until ho mot yon.' "Would you havo climbed that pass to look for mo ! if I had hot saved your brothors, and if you had known how I went astray on . the Fairy Alp ?' , ,|rI—lAmk B0\ hesitated Brigitta. I Men like you have healing in the: selves tor such going astray.' "Waldemar Blippcd on ono knee he fore her. ' Brigitta, will you he sole mistress of a heart that will never eo astray from you ?' She gavo him her hand with a little smile, though her eyes were full of •tears as she looked down at him and said : ' I will!' And no one thought of Alois, who the next morning found himself again in the path leading to the chapel of Our Lady of the steps. Neither the stairs worn by the knees of countless penitents, nor tho ruined shrines whose saints lay on the ground in a heap, awakened his pity, tie was at war with everything holy since the dead came hack from their graves to turn Sery's heart fom him. Suddenly he started hack, for iu the last shrine he saw a hateful figure with straw-coloured hair and hanging goitre, rocking one of tho images in its arms like a haby. When Werni saw the guide, he gave his frightful laugh and threw tho wooden image on the others. i ' Werni is a good hoy,' he whispered, coming nearer Alois. ' The man in black was had——" Ho stopped, staring in tho direction of the Fairy Alp. ' The man in black is there,' he screamed in wild fright, and rushed into the forest. Alois ground his teeth. 'Whether he is alive or dead, there is room for only one lover on that Alp,' he muttered, and hurrying into the church for his gun, ho started-for the Fairy Alp. . Seraphine had passed a day of fright ful remorse and a sleepless night. With every puff of wind she fancied that the Prince of Darkness was coming to drag his bride below. It was owing to him that crashes came like cannon-shots, blue cracks opened in the glacier, new waterfalls broke through the ice and surrounded the Alp. • 'The poor souls in the glacier are roused because the fiend is there,' said Sery, and began to pray. About noon she slept, worn out, but woke with a shriek, for a hand was touching her. In the full glare of the sun stood the dead priest as he had looked in life; black frock, broad-brimmed hat—even the heavy mountain shoes were there. Sery fell on her knees. ■ : ' God he merciful to my poor soul.' : ' Stand up, Sery,' said the priest, mildly. ' I am alive, like yourself, but ever since I escaped from Lake Matt mark I have been hiding, because I felt that I was an unworthy servant of the Lord. I had guided strangers for money, so that I could say to you, " Sery, coma and he my wife m a foreign land." When the idiot threw me into a lake the Lord saved me hy a miracle, and I meant to do penance my whole life long; but my longing to see you was too strong. I have been near you for a week, and I saw strangers here. Mad with jealousy, I exacted that vow from you as a departed soul. High up on the glacier a lake has broken through, and the whole weight of water is pressing against this ice-wall above us, tnat in a fow hours wiil fall on tho Alp. I took it as a sign from the Lord that I was to save you, and have you for my wife. Ho gives me back my vows.' 'Lead us not into temptation,' prayed Sciy, as the priest tried to raise her. Between two blackened chalets ap peared a man, ghastly pale, aiming a gun. lie saw how Sory made the sign of the cross; ho saw the priest seize her in his arms. A shot wakoned all tho echoes, and a fow splinters of ice, loosened hy the shock, foil and shivered on tho edgo of tho island. Then the ice-wall above began to totter and crack, then the thunder of the Day of Judgment shook the \< holo Saas Yalloy, and the Fairy Alp was buried for evor from the light of day. In ono moment of .wrath, sublimo and terrible, nature had destroyed tho 'charming idvl to which she had served as contrast for bo long. ..Brigitta has been Wftldomar's wife for years. They seldom speak of the Fairy Alp; hut when they do, it is always with deep revcronce. IVhldo mnr's youthful ideal had brought thorn togother. Striving after tho ideal dops not always bring happiness, hift 'somo times they lie not very far apart, 