THE latest innovation by the Railway Commissioners in connection with the Victorian railways is almost certain to find favor with the travelling public. The Railway Commissioners propose to shortly adopt the course which has been fallowed on the English railways for some time of allowing the sale of accident insurance tickets at the booking offices on the variouB lines throughout the colony. Under an arrangement entered into with one of the Accident Insurance companies passengers may, on the payment of 3d, obtain an insurance ticket securing die payment of £1000 on their death, or an allowance of £3 a week for 26 weeks if disabled by accident during the journey for which they hare been booked. The payment of Id trill entitle a passenger to aticket insnring £500 in the event of death, or an allowance of£2 xveokly for 26 weeks if disabled by accident. These are the same rates as axe charged in England. Passengers who are daily travelling on the suburban or jpher lines will be able to obtain for a "T u -^deration, periodical tickets small coi*. - • F •, . \- - -"amst accidents on the insuring them - aw in the particular lines which J- , rr - habit of using. We presnme u»~ . scheme has been thoroughly worked ut by the Commissioners, and BO far s we are aware the whole arrange ment iB clear with the exception of one point. The rates of premium are not in exact proportion to the amount insured for. ThuB the enm of threepence will assure a payment of one thousand pounds in the caae of death, or a weekly allowance of three pounds in case of an accident, extending over a period of twenty-six weeks. The premium for a death payment of fire hundred pounds or an allowance of thirty shillings per week should therefore be three half-pence, but a payment of one penny will assure for five hundred pounds, or an allowance of two pounds per week. As the penny tickets an more likely to be purchased than the threepenny ones, it would appear at first sight that the assurance purchased for threepence is lower than it ought to be, or that the company assuring the travellers is too lib ra! in connection with the penny premiums. Again ii will require to be shown clearly whether the traveller investing three pence will be compelled to buy a threepenny ticket which will assure his representatives one thousand pounds in case of his death, or hitnsrif three pounds a week in case of receiving injuries not fatal; or whether on the other hand he will be permitted to three single penny tickets, port*. * bars one thousand five assuring hi* case of his death, hundred pounds m , ^ week in the or himwlf six pounds pea. T ereatof his being disabled, j. latter course be permissible it is almost certain that few threepenny tickets will be. BoliL when two penny ones will aeeure greaber bene&ts.; The principle itself ib-m good one, and one which the travelling public will certainly support, partly under the infi -etice of a drein to provide against the result of accident, tud partly by the difficulty which exists at many stations of procuring change when i> r-having * rail^y ticker. Of course it is expected by regulation ftitttca$w fhtt «m6 amount of their fanes, but it is questionable if so much as one per cent do so. Postage'stamps are not unfrequently tendered in change, and the only alternative the passenger has, is to go without. They do aot refuse the stamps, it may safely be affirmed, but they would prefer to take the assurance ticket. The same too, with the odd pennies which the clerk tenders the passenger when he haB them to give. The rates of premium may appear small when compared with the amounts assured, but when it is remembered that the insurance ticket is only good for one journey; that the journeys are on the average short; and that railway accidents are not of frequent occurrence, while travellers are numerous ; it is easily to be comprehended that the charges the Commissioners have authorised are quite high enough. As with every other system of insurance or assurance, accident assurance is governed by the law of averages, and the public may be certain that any margin will be in favor of thB company undertaking the risks. We observe that a contemporary believes that it will be veiy difficult in the event of any great disaster involving perhaps losseB aggregating several hundred thousand pounds to convince the ordmary passeugefs or their relatives that the Government is not responsible for the Insurance Company's contracts. It appears to ns, however, that it is perfectly plain that the Railway Department is only to act as agents for a company, and that the Government is not to be held responsible. We do concur in the view that the position of agent for a private company is one which it is rather invidious for a Government to assume, and the Commissioners would do well to make sure that the exact extent to which they guarantee the payment promised on the insurance tickets iB entirely understood. With our issoe of Thursday next, Dec. 25th, we shall publish our usual Christmas supplement. It will be of four pages, containing twenty-eight columns of choice reading matter, and a number of illustrations. The tales included will be—" Big Jack," by Donald Cameron; " Our Pard- ner," a Gold-digger's story; "Ike's Sin." by Waif Wander; " The Residency Bali," by Captain Beeston; "Father Fogarty : s Front Tooth," by R. B. Whitworth; and " Ghosts, or no Ghosts," by J. C. The supplement will contain some select poetry. Doyle who has been arrested oi charge of stealing two bales of wool from Mr M'Kenna did not appear at the Kyneton court yesterday but was remanded at Castlemaine to appear at Kyneton Tuesday next. Both the tenders for cleansing the streets and privies of the town having been found informal, fresh tenders will be called for. The match between the Kyneton Commercial C.C. and a team chosen from the Banks of the town, which was postponed from last Saturday on account of the rain, will be played this afternoon at Barkly Square commencing at 2.15 o'clock. The following will represent the Commercials : —Guihridge, Sutherland, Longmore, Setupie. Mann, White, Sevior, Boyett, Haig, Spooner. and Wells. The following is the Banks team :—Allday, Bell, Cole, Gibbs, Moore, MHwrath, Pestell, Teale, Townsend, Wade, and Wells. The team to represent Victoria in the match in Melbourne with KewSouthWales has been made. The following is the selection .—Blackham, Botmor, Bruce, Horan, M'Donnell, Scott, Robertson, Trumble, Walters, Midwinter and Palmer. Emergencies— M'Shane and Morris. Blackham has intimated that he cannot keep the wickets, and in the event of this proving correct P. Lewis will be substituted for him It will be noticed that the veteran Boyle has not been selected, and considering the unsatisfactory weather which has prevailed for some time past hiB omission is a mistake, for on a sticky wicket he is Victoria's most valuable trundler. The members of the Kyneton Volunteer Fire Brigade will hold a daylight practice this afternoon when a full muster is hoped for. After the practise a special meeting of the members will be held at the engine-Louse. We are requested o say that each fireman is supplied with x collecting book, and is authorised to receive subscriptions in aid of the fond for the purchase of a fire-bell. A point of law was decided at the Kyneton police court yesterday morning in a \- , «cidedlv novel fashion. The esse before tiho Ben" ł> - which was composed of Messrs G W. Johnson Mamies J's. P. was an application for the ejectment of a lessee bom certain property at Snowden s Hill. Mr Palmer for the defendant, objected to the jurisdiction of the court on the ground that the nearest Court of Petty Sessions to the property was ai Glenlyon, and was proceeding to prove this by witnesses, when Mr Gad win, who with Mr court must be proved from theConcnwKnf Gasetts. Mr Palmer contended that this was not necessary, especially as their Worships had personal knowledge of the existence of the Glenlyon Court, and one of them had sat on the bench at that place. At this point Mr Mentios, «i£hoot re-, mark, rose and left the Bench, the countenances of all parties conoemed indicating intense astonishment which afterwards was resolved into amusement occasioning a hearty laugh at the manner in the Bench bad had the duty of deciding the point at issue removed Erom them. Mr Johnson remarked " that settles it," meaning that two justices were required to hear the case, and adjourned the case till Tuesday. (Mr Meoaes has since informed us that he refused to hear the case, and so informed Mr Johi ^n who was chairman, expecting that he would inform those interested that the Bench were divided. £t goes without saying that Mr V«mrijg intended no discourtesy. The Sfor says that apparently aiudons enquiries are j ost now being made as to the exact whereabouts of CunstaHe Dwyer, who left Ballarat for Kyneton on Monday morning in charge of a horse and dray, the latter laden witli wool alleged to have bean stolen by the mail Dawson from Mr M'Kenna, of Baynton, near Kyneton. Some of his intimate friends are nheasy. Hie last. ** btdtepn 55 to hand reported him \- ' bęypndDaylesford, ona " going ^ * t^ć irind and tain rery bad toad, a... fesi, dead against him- Before .. " »j wick a good Samaritan, inihe shape farmer, made a kind of coat out of a £mall fiour sack, and placed it on the constable. The rain shrunk the Ing, and at Creswick it took the combined . Vaffiats of Sergeant Horan aiid Constable Edwards to free the burly form of the * r hen> of the KeDy from the nsdfesatment {Bwyer arrived safely at Kyneton on Wednesday.) A match wiB played at Mdmsbmy to day between the Malmsboty and Haaiomt ffgpintcfctejj J Last night's Herald says: —In the course of an interview between one of our staff and a medical gentleman who has seen Barnes in the cell, the doctor stated that he iB satisfied that Barnea did not murder Slack, and that the prisoner is simply feigning insanity.' The officers of the Land Department are all busily engaged in the preliminary work for bringing theLand Act into operation, and the Minister expects that by the end of .January arrangements will be completed to allow the selection of allotments to proceed. The Surveyor-General and his staff are dividing the unoccupied country into blocks, as was done with the m&llee;, and special appliances have been obtained to print the country maps, which are to show the land open for settlement, and which are to be distributed among the various branches and public institutions in the country. For the most part, the grazing blocks will be of the stipulated area of a thousand acres in the Gippsland, Delatite, Benambra, and Cape Otwav districts, but in other quarters, where selection has gone on for years, the waste fragments are to be divided in the manner most likely to induce present holders to exercise their right to take up the" blocks. In a few weeks the valuing of pastoral allotments will be commenced. It is not proposed togo beyond the department for assistance in performing this work. A very successful Blue Ribbon teameeting was held atTaradale, on Wednesday evening at the Salvation Army Barracks. A large ęuHic teeetingwas held afterwards at which addresses -of the usual description were delivered. The quarterly meeting of the Campaspe Tent. LO.R., was held in the Temperance Ball, on Thursday evening the 18th inst, when the following officers were appointed: —O.R., R. Woods; D.R , J. Chudleigh; Secretary, E. Anderson, (re- elected); Treasurer, S. Kellsy, re-elected; W. S., J. Campbell, re-elected; M.S, T. A. Castles, re-elected; G., J. Howlett; L., J. Bassett; Surgeon, Dr Faulkner; Superintendents of Juveniles, E. Gilbert and S. Keller; Auditors, H. Harper and W. McDonald. There was a fair attendance of members and a large amount of business was got through. The Tent seems to be in a healthy condition, as only £6 10s has been paid as sick pay during the quarter, two- thirds of. this amount going to members living in other districts, so that locally, the members would seem to be about able to do without any medical officer at alL There are no members on the sick list at present. The annual pic-nic in connection with the Kyneton Independent Sunday School in announced to be held on New Year's Day. at Mr Geo. . Tajlor's paddock, Pipers Creek. All old scholars and friends are invited. Before the scholars of Prospect House Academy dispersed for their Christmas holidays on Thursday morning, they took the opportunity of presentingtheir teachers with suitable gifts, as tokens of their esteem and regard for them. Miss Elsie Murray, with a few suitable remarks presented Armstrong with a pair of handsome Japanese glove boxes; and Masters J. Corkhill and W. Barker presented Sir Hall and Mr Holden each with a very useful Russian leather purse and pocketbook; and on behalf of the school wished them every success in this University career. The teachers and scholars spent yesterday very pleasantly in picnicking at the Hanging Rock, the weather being unusually line, adding greatly to the enjoyment of the occasion. In the Equity Court on Thursday, Mr Morrison applied to his Honor Mr Justice Molesworth' that ~ probate should be granted to the will of the late Hon Sir William Henry Fancourt Mitchell,knight, President of the Legislative Council of Victoria, who died ón the 21th ult The will was dated the 30th September, 1881, and by it the testator appointed as the executrix and executors, his eldest daughter Anna Maria Mitchell, of Barfold near Kyneton, bis eldest son, Henry St, John Mitchell of the Children's Hospital, Carlton, Doctor of Medicine, and his son Edward Fancourt Mitchell, of Melbourne, barrister-at- law. He pro- Tided that Miss Mitchell and Dr Mitchell shouldj receive L1000 each, and Sir E. F. Mitchell L100 for acting as his executrix and executors. The will was attested by James Mellan, of Albert Park. Parliamentary messenger, and iforah,hia wife, of the same plaoe, then Norah Crowe. The testator left real estate in Victoria of the value of L40,193, and personal property in the colony of the value of 1/3663. By his will, which was in the deceased's own hand-writing, he directed that his executrix and executors should cany on his business as farmer and grazier for three years after his decease, and for two years longer if they should right to do so. At the end of the three or five years the property to be disposed of, and the product to be divided into three equal portions. One-third of such portion he devised to his two sons in equal portions, and the other two portions in equal parts to his seven daughters. If in the division it shonld turn out that the portion coming to any one daughter should exceed in value L3000, any surplus over that amount should be divided in equal portions between his two sons. Probate was granted. In the Insolvency Court, yesterday, His Honor Judge Kod gave his reserved judgment on the application of Richard Ryland, of Oastlemaine, drapef, fo a certificate of discharge. A number of objections had been raised by the assignee to the certificate, and it was asked that the insolvent should be punished. Sis Honor said it was a very gross case of not; keeping xcsouata/uid» deliberate case of obtaining credit by false representations. He refused the insolvent's certificate, and also dispensation with the payment of (£ in the pound, and ordered the insolvent to be imprisoned for a period of six month*. Katie* has been given by the postal authorities that after Kew Year's Day postal notes" will be obtainable, and will be payable at any money order office in the colony. The Talue of the notes has been so arranged that any sum of shillings and axpences up to 30s may be remitted by not more than two ńoces, and for' odd pence nhohliterated stamps may be affixed to the back of a note. The poundage fee for Is or Is 6d notes is id, for notes from 2s to te 6d the fee is Id, for Ss and 7s 6d, notes 3d will be charged, and bar larger amounts the fee will be 3d. " Should the spaces in a postal note for ihe names die payee and the paying office not be filled in, the note will be payable to the bearer at any money order office in the colony. If a note be payable to any specified paeon, the note must hie receipted on payment, and the notes nay be crossed like cheques, so as to necessitate their payment into a bank: TJfę (Oo^fWorS jZasH) w^ea shown on "Huiadsy a ćat of a" peculiar breed. v -*» are not in" pbssesun ofife Althougn be somewhat of a pedigree it appears u* - cross between all opposnm and a ,— outer coat bong hair and the inner fur. 'he less are ray short, the bead being thstofihe marsupial breed, as also is the tail.. progeny somewhat resembles Hus «mmal. although the feline race is more distinctly marked in tbem. <Jt»- ctafcte 37VV« ©W^OB,» MHBW A clever case of imposition has just been brought to light by the Castlemaine police. For the past few days a woman giving the name of Williams, has been canvassing the town with a petition, praying for subscriptions on. account of her husband being ill and having to undergo an operation in Melbourne. The petition set forth that Dr Duncan, resident surgeon of the Kyneton Hospital, had suggested a petition, and that her husband's case was in the bands of Dr Dutton, of the Castlemaine HospitaL The woman succeeded in obtaining 27s from business people of the town on the plea that her husband was to undergo the painful operation. She was arrested and charged with imposing on Constable Hall. Dr Duncan, of Kyneton, stated that he never allowed the woman to use his name, and further Btated that he did not know the party. Dr Dutton also denied any knowledge of the people. The woman's husband was arrested for drunkenness, and sentenced to 48 hours' imprisonment. The woman was remanded until Friday. After being admitted to the gaol the hnsband was recognised as a discharged prisoner, he having served 14 days. The field trial of reapers and binders in connection with the late Kyneton Agricultural Society's show will be held on Mrs Hall's farm, Kyneton. The exact date has not yet been decided upon, but it is expecte J that the trial will take place between the 26th and 3lst instant. Due notice will be given of the date. 