\ Turf Talk. Br MAETIKDALB. TUEF writers very pf tea hove to make the_ complaint that there is nothing to write about ; but if we have ; a duller wee* in the whola year than the one jost j passed, I would like someone to point it out to rue. Before oaf next issue we shall have the weights for the Hawite*kiry Handicap, Great Metropolitan Stakes, and Melbourne Cup. These will afford food for reflection for some time ; but still our sporting men are- not satisfied, and I have often heard the question naked why the Caulfield Cup weights are delayed to July 7. This; ; I cannot tell. If Mr Scarr ia able - to : bring out his two handicaps upon the same day, ; Buroly Mr. Barnard can do the same. If there ia a ! great differenoö between the weights allotted the ' different nurses m the Metropolitan and Melbourne ' : Cnp, and then a similarity in the Hawkesbury " HA>KÜCH.P and Caulfield Cup, moma people will say uncharitable thing« With tho publication of the we^ghta lor tho spring handicapa, tho betting market will once moro form a feature- in sporting publications, and " touts" will hay o to maka their . muming pilgrimages to Randwick. Eyen at tho present time a vifcit to tho training grounds will Wfdl repay the trouble, though if tho great bulk of thu youngato a are to to be viewed, au afternoon will also have to be stayed through. Our two-year-olds thia : season are both numerous and good, and whoever picks out the beat will have to pay great attomiou to ' their doings. Tho late rain baa pnt tho courtso in i splendid order, but it l.aa also developed tho objec- ' ! tionable Parramatta praia, for which the olnb only a j season or so back paid a good sum to eradicate, j At the present time, however, it appaara to J be thioker than ever, and it is doubtful if : they will ever get rid of thia troublesome graaa. Nert season the new Band track will be available, and it Bhould prove moat advan tageous to trainers. It is about a mile in ciroumfer ; enoe, and well made. With thia addition to our I teaming track, Randwick 1B now very aomptete, and j ' there are plenty who ar^uo that it is fur before ; : Flemington, Of coarse this ia open to question, but 1 ! it is said that the horses, and inore especially the youngsters, do better on our grass tracks chan they do on the sand and tan track at the Flemington grounds. It would appear aa if there waa good foun- ! dation in the a gumont, Booing that tho Flemington J trainers are agitating for a track to De measured on the grass inside the course pro uer. Our tan traoít is ; hardly wide enough, but no doubt this «rill be seen to j ! very sbortly, so that with the tour ooursoa there Bhould be ampio for our trainers to chooao from. Should the weather keep line there will no doubt be a very large attendauce at the Canterbury Park \ , course thia afternoon to witneaa the running in the ; different events. Canterbury Park racecourse ia a ' : very pretty place, and the officials right good follows; j ' but I must say that if they wish to keep tho epui-tiag Precs religions, they will have to alter their Press-. b'>x arrangements. At their last gathering tho box j wa* filled with ladies, children, and ono or two gentle men; and theae latter, after jumping our claim, j turned round and wished us to give them a verbal ! account of tho race directly it waa run. Tho I answer they got was very espressivo. The box ia [ very well placed aa regards view, bat very hard to [ get at if the stand is filled, and if another entry could bo doviaod it woulu bo a groat convoiiionco. I I make these remarks because 1 think Canterbury I Parle has a great -aturo, and in consequence fresa 1 pooplo will have moro to do. Already tho clearing ! of a further ROVOU acres of ground ia going on apace, and when thia ia added a mile trao.i i will b9 obtainable, whioh will bo a groat advantage This afternoon, the programma will : comprise six events-four handicap and two Bolling 1 raooa. The weights for tho handicaps rando their appearance last Monday, and will be found in another column. Tho Birthday (iiit, of 7 furlongs, opens the racing. 19 entries were received, and having boon so very successful lately iu ray selections, the publie j will naturally wish to know what I think best on thia occasion. Now, if they will take \ my advioe they will stand off thia timo, or back their j own selections, and then thoy cannot blame mo for losing their money. In thin Birthday Gilt. Hypatia ' heada tho liât at 9at 81b, but 1 hardly think elie will j start, and to pick out throe that are likely I Khali \ select Eruilius, Espiègle, and Tempe, and to go for : ono shall again select EMIÍJIUS. Tho Grand ¡Stand ; Handicap la run for at furlongs, and thia would no doubt bo easy enough to pick if ono kuow the starters. After a loug spell I see Parapluio's j i nama again figuring, and if sho has improved at all j I nho should wm, but I Uko beac IÎEGBBT. In tho | Coronation Handicap LOBD CLIFDEN looks about tho ; best, and I shall nob bo at all surprised to see SIR ¡ KOBE RT win the Quoon's Prize. Tho Selling liacea I will leave alone. Resolve was entered in our Champagne Stakes, Derby, and Loger as by Albury from Mail Train. This is a miataite. Resolve is by Albury from Fran lien, by Mail Train. I know of no more pleasant trip than that to Graf ton, and especially at this tim« of th« year, when as a rule the sea is fairly calm. Next Wednesday and Thursday week the annual mooting ol' tho Clarence River Jockey Club will be held, HO that anyone who may wish to bo present will have to make a start on Saturday next If they want to be in time. Tho meeting promises to bo a fairly interesting ono, but it ia rather a hard mat ter at tho present time to give au idea as to what will win, and I shall leave it to next week, when I will havo a somewhat better idea, seeing that the acceptances for tho principal handi caps have to bo mado on Monday next. Tho Irifh spooiai correspondent to tho London SPORTING Luria in a lato issue tolls that there was some very novel racing on Lord Mayo'3 demoñno, the meeting being officially described as the " Palmer ston Pony Sports and Gym liliana Meeting." In order that I may not in the smalleat way misunder stand tho managerial interest in ono raoo, I will give type to the actual article itself. Hore it ia :-*' Kil lashee Cup, for ponies ; catch-weights; start tobo mado with «addle nfl!, rider to have coat, waistcoat, and braces off ; when the flag drops the pony to be saddlod, and a cigar to bo lighted, and tho race to etart; the winner to bo tho first man who passes tho I post with coat aud waistcoat properly on, all tho but. I tons of the waistcoat buttoned, braces butfconod, and cigar still alight ; in lighting cigar fusees not to be allowed; first receives £3; seoond, £2. Once round." How ingonions? It was very hard luck for Mr. John Loo to loso the thoroughbred horse Scamp aftor paying tho loug prioo of 1500 guineas, not, moro than throe months ago, for him. Scamp was by The Rake from Lady Sophia, and performed well in England. Ho was imported into this colony by Mr. Lopez, who disposod of him to Mr. John Lee. The causa of death was supposed tobe corrjastion of the lunga. ;,uui.v ¡ A letter on bookmaker* and betting has evoked an article from the ST. JAMES'S GAZETTE, of whioh the following is_ an extracts-"In 'p.p.* betting the ring have leisure and opportunity to bet ' all round.' They can then make safer, when a raoe is in the mar ket for days or weeks before it ia run. Their trans« actions in snob, oases are less of a rambling na tar« and more Uko insurance. In all cases thorin* lay les« than the (supposed) odds. If a horse has a5to\ chance they expect to lay unly 4 to 1, and coon. in» Burance is carried on upon the esme principle. A man insures his bouse or underwrites his amp-thia means that he backs his house to be bunt or his ship to shik. The office or underwriter lays him odds against the event. The layer of odds expects to give less than the mathematically correct odds-else bow is ho to make his profit and to pay bis rent, clerks, and interest on bis capital, tb say nothing of his own tinie and trouble? The total premium receipts of in surance offices croat be in excess of their payments on losses ; equally-the total bate won by the ring in a year must be in excess of tho total won by backers. If lt were not so, ueither insurance offices nor book making would exist as a trade." Favourite, the property of Mr. John Preston, of Burrowa, received such injuries through running against a tree, that it was deemed advisable to shoot him. Weisrhta for the Penrith Handicaps are due on Monday next. ft has been dooidsd to reorganise tho Paterson Jockey Club. At H recent mectkig about 20 gentle men were enrolled aa mombera. Mr. P. Reynolds was elected president, Mr. A. A. VV. Nfvison viee-presi ?denfc, Mr. S. Reynold* treasurer, and Slr J. Kippie Bocrelary. A committee was also chosen, ansi it is expected that a race meeting will bo arranged foa August. Tao gates, booths, totalizator, and rights in con« nection with thu Blackall (Q ) races realised only £150. The rauea be«*ui on Thursday. At a oommittoe mooting of tho Narandera Turf Clnbr held on Monday night it w»« arranged to hold the next animal race meeting on November 27 and 28 n«xt. At Monday's meeting of tho Adelaide City Council a memorial was received from the Adelaide Racing Club, urging the oounod not to insist on a resolution for tho removal of tho galvanined iron fence on the old course, and tho substitution of a light picket one, as Buoh a resolution would affeot tho iniertmts of tho club. The counoil refused to entertain tho memo rial. " Rapier," writing in tho DRAMATIC NEWS, sayB : -" Among tho eccentricitina ot amateur steeple chasing, tho following raco. which waa run at a recent mooting near the Yhame«, in tho neighbourhood of Windnor, deserves mention. There wore four Btartora, and thoy all finished so far aa getting over tho country weat, though only three of thom passed the post ; th« fourth, seeing that his chanco was out, having pulled up and trotted off to^ the paddock. No. 1 weighed in, but waa objected to for going tho wrong side of tho pout, and on investigation it appeared that he had made the fatal error, BO, of course, dis qualification followed Tho rider of the second j*>y lutly got into the scales, delighted at having pnlledit off. but h s delight was shirt-lived. He was several pounds deficient in weight, and it subsequently ap peared that som« of his leads had dropped in the cours» of tao jourooy. Ho mournfully retired, and gave place to No 3, who drew tho weight nicely, but for samo reason or otho' ho had never weighed out; before the race, and he too was disqualified No. 4> waa inquirod about, but, as already moaitioned, ho had never passed too post. There was nothing for ib but to d ec taro the race void. George Burton, rider of the horse Lesbia, which fell whilst running in tho Riohm nd Handicap, ab GiulfioH, on Saturday, lies in the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, in a dangerous state, having unstained a fracture of tho skull and a laceration ot tho brain. " Sir Launce ot," in N Z RÜFEKEE, saya Derroto has luft for Australia, where he purposos putting ia ttio winter-iu iaot I hear that ho has under conaidora tion an offer made to him by ono of tho loading racing men there, who wants to engage his services fornexü Bauson. I should like to eeo our crack jockey get a Bhow iu Australia, but I hopo, for tho sake of tho turf iu this colony, that ho will nob romain thero altogether, for tho good horsemen in Now Zealand can bo counted on tho fingers of ono hand, and there fore wo cannot sparo suon au artist in the saddlo aa Derrefct, who out of Ho' rides during the past! Btsason, ha» boen victorious DO times. I understand that tho Canterbury Jookey Club's programme for the ensuing Baason will contain about iilOOO moro added monsy than that ot laHt aoasen. It will be laid before a general meeting of members in tho course of a fortnight. On Wednesday afternoon last about 200 peopla assembled at Randwick to witness a match at six furlongs for ¿'25 a pido, between two horses the pro perty of Messrs. M'Car thy and Hogan respectively. Donald Nicholson had tho mount on Mr. Hogan's pony, while M'Carthy's Alice had young Kelso up. Both got wnll away, but Nicholson's puny getting quickest on his legs at once assumed the load, and re tained it to tho finish, winning comfortably by a length in lmin 2-i£«jo. Without doubt tho Liverpool Jockey Club aro mush unfortunate, aa they again met with bad weather, and consequently could not bring off their meotiug a* announced on Saturday last. On the Fri day a wire was received announcing that the coursa waa unfit to raco upon, and the moetinsr was post poned, but no time was stated by tho officials upon whioh they would race. This way not a legal post ponement according to tho A J.C. rules, under whioh tho club race. According to the rules a club eau only postpone their meeting from day to day or week to week. This was not done, consequently, if the owners eo willed it, I am not so sure but they could demand their money baok. Since then a notice has boon insued postponing the meet ing until to-day, under the A. J.C. rules, with an intimation that tho mooting will not be held until July 12. Tho general entry for tho Clarence River Jookey Club's annual meeting closes on July 7. I doubt nob but that the day's racing promoted by tho Newcastle Jockey Club on July 5 will ba well worth a visit. In each of tho handicaps the fields promise to be fairly numerous. Out of the original entry in the Victoria Handicap only Haw thornden, Woodstock, Tho Dreamer, arid Sundown have boon scratched ; and in tho Coronation Handi cap Woodstook, Dagmar, and Sundown have nob accepted. Guneral entries for tho annual race meeting of the Walgett Race Club close on July 28. The race meeting held at Caulfield last Saturday passed off very successfully, according to all aooounts. The Melbourne SPORTSMAN says :-A lovely afternoon, and tho fact that tho V.A.T.Ç. fixture of Saturday last was tho Ladies' Meeting, attracted a large attendance to Caulfield ; the coursa waa in capital order, and the going ^ood. Merri, who started first favourite for tho Hurdlo Race, had no difficulty in beating the seven Btartora opposed to him, aa nothing waa able to pace with the son of Parda from the start. Fickle had a Boft thing in the Vic toria Gold Chronograph, aa Black Jacket and Gilderoy persistently baulked. The big field of 31 horses faced Mr. WatBoa for the LadioB' Trophy, whioh was wan again this year by a boree called The Ghost» though if Primus had had ordinary luck ia ¥^ ? ? -?w-..-~ .. - threadingr his way through the positions would hay been reversed, as Hr. Pearson's gelding came with weat rush rather late. Fifteen started for th ?Steeplechase, whioh was won» after a great race, b Stampede, the rider of whom caught Fickle (wh ehonld hare won) on the post. ? The day's racing cos ¡eluded with the Richmond Handicap, which Blac] (Diamond, who came to the post in magnificent con "ditton, had no difficulty in appropriating. Rounding .the turn Duenna and Lesbia fell, Barton, who rod Iiesbia. being badly hurt. At the annual race meeting to be held by Tatter sail's Club on New Year's Pay of 1886 there will ' b< co Foal Stokes run, as after the coming meeting'ii 1835, this race will be knocked off the list. Th< ,event to be substituted should be a very popular one ¿rix., a six furlongs race for two-year-olds, all winner/. (toJt>B penalised, and the added money to be aboul 400 sovereigns. This will no doubt be well appre ííatod by owners. In a Melbourne paper I rooeived, it Rtated thal Polestar had been sold to go to India. This I do no! think is oorrect, in fact Polestar has not been sold al all, but simply been sent homo to his owucr, Mr. Small, who resides on the Clarence, for tho purpose ^fhaving a spell. * Ten horses havo accepted for tho Birthday Handi (bap to be run for at Goulburn to-day, Tho winner, I 5hink, should bo TJIAKAMBATJ. Kiglit ontrieswfore received for the Shorts, and 10 for the Flying Handi cap 'r Tho well-known ste<?plechüso liorso Deceiver has been purchased by Ii. Batty for 150 puinea.?. '. Acoording to our correspondent the races held at "3$oc"ky Mouth on Wednesday laat woro fairly sue fetesaful. Agricola won tho Maiden Plato from start ito flniBh. Mr. W. J. Hawthorne's Arista walked Wer for tho Trial Stakes, and the eame owner also Boored a win with Prism, who ia by Captivator from ¿Lady Alice, in the Lower Clarence Turf Club Handi cap. In this race Hilltop fell, but ho atood up in tho dPJying Handicap and won. ? The latest registrations by the A J.C. aro the .Gwydir (Momo), Five Roads Hotel (Gramen), and ,tho Holiday Association (Inverell) raee meetings. ;. It appears to ba a very hard matter to educate reporting people into doing anything properly. From Ithe way in which tho A. J.O. have advertised, and Bihe^porting Pxeaa explained,ono would think that all Mtho take part in racing would fully undertand the wiles bearingoi^registration. It woulduppear, how > fcupr, that Mr. H. R. Thurlow, of Narrabri, is not; {well np in the business, as he announces a pro agrammo'of races to bo run off at tho Victoria Hotel; Stud actually puts registered in tho announcement. jThîfl is published, and then a couple of days boforo She meoting ho sends the programme to tho A. J.C. jofnoes for registration. Thin the clnb refused to do,. ?ind if the mooting is held all the horses that take. »art will be disqualified, and there is littlofear of tho« Jaisqualifioation being remover*. Ali programmes of* |ineotin?s must he sent in to the A. J.C, if tho dub is mot registered, boforo they aro advertised. [ , All sporting men who havo put in an appearance at Me Orango race meetings ara acquainted with Mr. J* «Windred. In connection with this club Mr. Windred Hdid grcatr servioo, and many will no doubt bo sorry to «earn that he has íeft that district. Ho has not yet jfletermmed upon any place for a residence, but /wherever he may locate himsolf I can promise the »porting folk that he will always bo found willing to . Mend them a helping hand at their raco meetings. ( For some years Mr. A. Frator, tho owner of High« Htenti Mary, who won tho Royal Stakes, resided in tho Rfoinity of Yarraman. A correspondent from that Hgjjwnship irrfbrma mo that a vory handfiomo testimo. anal in tho shape of an illuminatod address boauti Tully framed was presented to Mr. Alexandor Frator, . . men., hy tho good peo plo of Yarraman as a mark of i ^Ühe esteem in which Mr. Frator was held. 