ballarat. frnosr ourt own counnapoynEXT.l Tho stocks most dealt ia during tho past week wore Band Albion, 87s. Gd, to 90s,, 89s. Gd,; Berry No, 1, B5a, 9J. to 37c. OX ; aud 1'uninyong Estate, -lOs, Gd. to 3Gs. to 10s, Gd. to 37a. to 33s. 3d. These havo had almost continuous busi ness, and tho Kingston and Napoleon stocks havo had occasional exchanges, but the Austrulasian line has Icon almost entirely neglected, and holders ot tho parent stock havo givn way from GOs. io 58s, Gd, without leading to business. Tho iirmn-es of Band Albion stocks is «iuu to the continued good promise of the niino, tho steady output, anu the coming of uuothor 2s. Cd. dividend. Up to date the divi lends annouueed for the week amount to All ,503 IDs. f but if I add tho Madamo Berry for 7s,, New North Clunex for f-s,, and tho Kgertoil for ., all of which may bo regarded no due now, tho total would be i.19,t>32 10s. ; and although it is unwise to count our chickens before they arc hatched, it maybe permissible to indulge no iar in proBpoct ot what i« probably boforo ua. I am sorry I can not include tbo Buninyong Est&ta; in tho list of dividend declarations or probabilities, but until tho last cleaning up for 219 oz., tho rotarns from that mine had for Eomo time been disappointing, and this fact, together with tho large amount of unproductive work doing and to bo done in order to opon up tho mine, and tho consequent outgoing in oxpenaes, may explain the recent weakness and oscillation of tho stock in the market. Tlio striking of tho Dcsoza lodo tho other day gavo the stock a lilUo fillip, and tho news of the 209 oz. retorting in duced an advanco from 38s. to 40a. Gd. «n Thurs day; but there wan a drop to 37a, noxt day, and tboro js a natural desiro on tho part of tlio public to wait forraoro knowlodgo as to tho character of tho lodo where it has been recently ntruck, and generally to abido tho moro thorough opening up of all the makes of etono at present in view in tho mine. Thoro have boon a good many meetings of companies during the week, and amongst them tho Mount Rowan (alluvial), which has increased its capita! from 10.-?. to. 20s. per skaro, a slop made necessary to meet tho ca&oof; the newshaft which is now boing sunk. Tho week has also been signalised by tho declaration of & final divi dend (Gd.) by tbo Baliarat Company, one of the latest burst bubbles cf the ilurdsfie'd rush poriod two or throo years sinco. Tho claim was on tho Township Koef lino in lUglan-strcot, and like tuauy others of the samo ilk never wont tho length of getting eveu a show of success. At that timo all the gold got on the liuo was frqih the Band Albion to tho lvohinoor, both included, and the same may almost be said to-duy, only, thnt tho lvohinoor is now engaged in noh-pro- ductiro work, and that several claims between that ono and tho Band Albion have in tho interim given up tbo ghost. The output from tbo Band Albion iB 315 oz, 17 dwt, 12 gr,, in cluding 20 oz. odd from tributers and SJ oz. from pyritC3,lcaviDg 2S5 oz.19 dwt. from 340 toos of thocompany's stone, or a fraction undorlS d wt. , which, though below somo rccont avorages, ia still so far satisfactory that it leave tho diridond paying power of the company unimpaired. And, as I have said, the mine continues its promiso of a good future, for 315 foot have boon driven north and south on tho lodo on tho lowest level, the lodo being 3 feet thick at both extremities. Tho winzes through tho No. 10 and No. 9— tho two lowest levels— aro nearly holed through, tho lo o being well defined and regular throughout without a break, Tbo shaft is now down 97 feet below tho No. 10 level. Tho Kohinoor shaft is down 815 feet, but in harder country. In tlio Band B.irton No. 6 level the lodo in tbo north drive ia 3 feet wide, and tho water slightly casior. In No. 7 driving is going on north and south, and a riso is begun from tho north drive. The rise from tho south drive will bo con nected with tho wlnzo this w.ok if all goes right. The Sir II, Loch, tbo Star of tho East and the llorcules companies arc not yot at work below. From Baliarat East nothing new of im portance. In tho Buninyong Estato, as Already, intimated, tho golden rauko of stono looked for was struck at 110 icot south from tho crosscut, and thodrivo is now in settled country and stop- iug is going on 44 feet south from tho cross-.'Ut, as also a etopo to the south. Tho wiuzo from the 470 foot level is down f>7 fcot in gold be ring stono. Tho yield of 219 oz. is from 230 tons, showing an avcrago of a littlo under 1G dwt. Buninyong Unitod 13 cros3CUtting west at theKS foot lovol and east at tho 160 fcot lovol, but nothing struck yet. Tho Egorton tninos disclose no new features, and Egerton companios s'ock is ftill weak, sales from 15s. to 15s. 9 J. to 15s. Gd. Black Qoreo sold at 2s. Gd,, 2s. 9d., wbiuh shows graphically tho position of that mino at present. By driving and baring at tho No. 7 level 18 feet havo boon testod, and the work thorootoppelfortho present, an J now perhaps tho directors will de cide on going to the bottom lovel and testing cast- ward for tbo old lodo. Tho company will clean up at the battery this week. On the Gardon lino Parker's United expect to cut tbo shoot of stone (worked twelve years ago) by 100 foot moro driving- at tho 400 feot lavcl. Tho rbe on tho new lodo Is up 25 feot, but a farther rise will bo accessary if bettet stone is to bo reacbod. This stock is quito out of tho markot at present, but holdoTs odor to quit at is. In alluvial stocks tkcro ia not much that ia new to report. All tho producing mines maintain their- output fairly well, especially tho crack onoa. Tho Lord Harry bailing difficulty is not yet rottiod, but tho Earl Beaconsficld Companymn ngr«ed to pay £7 10s. a week, nnd it is expoctcd tho Hopburn KsUto will do tho same ; and if s j thero will bo a total of £52 IOj. promised by fivo companies, which is only £'2 It's, over half tho sum' ro- quired by tho Lord Harry, according to its original terms. It is probable that somo fresh phasoot tho problom will bo rovoal d during tbo week. Thowatorwos rcducod to nino strokes por minoto last week, but a mishap iu tho gear caused it to riso to tho pi ingcr chamber, though it Imo sinco thon hcon lowoiod to tho cap pioco. Thocompany's stock oveod under theso changes from salCB nt 55s. to 51s., 52a., with buyors 62s., sellers 54s. at tbo closo. Loughlin have sold at 20a., cx West Loughlin, and tno latter stock has bad businossat 5s. Lono Hand havo boenstoady, with business from £7 8s, to £7 lis Gd. to £7 7e, Madamo Horry nnd West IUetori havo no business. The ptogroasWo mines. in that fiold have been goingon as usual, devolopmonts being Vftryolow,. fierr/KOt 1 , flftor divers wpaira auu oih«< preparations, wUl reooramonco sinking- to day (Monday). Hepburn E&tato; havo boon hanging and opening out for plunger dhambcr at aboufctJO fcot aboyOiprc8ent bottom, and cutting down tho shaft wiU ho prooecdod uith Una week; Th« Smcaton Company's yield is still very amall, only 14 oz, 8 d«t. for tho woek, hut the branch reof drivo country is getting casior, and moro progress may bo expected. 'Springdallah way, tho Golden Belt is otili struggling on, nnd had but a poor washing luet woek, throo machines giving 10J oz. The cast drivo ia ini) roving, and gold liaa for tho firsttimo boon scon thero, -tho wash looking better gener ally. Tho main lower lovel is in 100 ft, and tho water not very easy. Tho diamond drill iadown 80 ft, in hard rock, but bettor progress will bo nndo now, as a second shift of moti has been put on. Golden Belt Extended sluiced two rmall machines for GJoz. Tho wuahdirt drives, fro in tliQ'top of tho use havo broken into old ground to tho west, but tho ne,\t cross drive is expee'ed to get ahoad of the old ground, and all the gutter bo then available. The main reef and prospect ing drives aro making good progress. 