TALES AND SKETCHES. JUDITH SHAKSPEARE HER LOVE AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVEHTURE8- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Macleod op Dare," "Shandon Bells," " In Silk Attire," &c.;, &c.; Chatter III. — Flatino op the CnARM, — (continued). "No moro talking and gossip now, Pruo laid Judith, "tho time has arrived for fearful deeds." Prudence put her small white hand on her friend's arm. " Stay, Judith. Bo guided — for tho lovo , of me be guided, sweetheart ! Yon know hot what you do. The profaning of sacred places will bring a punishment," " Profaning, Bay you, sweet manse ? Is it anything worse than tho children ploying tick round tho grave-stones ; or evon, when no one is looking, having a game of ' King by your fcave V " " It is Into, Judith, It must he nine o'clock. It is not Becmly that a young maiden slionld be out of doors alone at such au hour of the night." " Marry, that say I," was the light answer. "And tho bettor reason that you should cuino with mo, Prue." " I said Prudence, in affright. "Wherefore not, thou V Nay, but you shall miller no harm through tho witchery, Bweot moose ; I ask your company no further than the little awing gato. One minuts there, and I shall be back with you. Come now, foryour friend's Bako ; get your hood and your muffler, dear Pruo, and no one shall know either of us from the witch of Endor, so quickly shall we be there and back." Still eho hesitated. " If yuur mother wero to know, Judith — " "To know what, sweothoart That yon walked with mo as far as tho church and back again ? Why, on such a fine and summerliko night I dare bo sworn now that half the good folk of Stratford are abroad ; and it is no such journey Into a far country that we should take ne cf tho maids with us. Nay, come, swost Prne '. We shall liavo a merry rido to-morrow; to-night, for your friendship's sake, you must o mo this small Borvico." Prudenco did not answer, but somewhat thoughtfully, and evon reluctantly, she went to a email cupboard of boxes that Btood ia the comer of the apartment, and brought forth omo articles of attiro which (although eho ttight not have confessed it) wero for tho Hotter disguising of herself, seeing that tho Bight was fine and warm. And then Judith, having also drawn a mufilor loosoly round her Beck and tho lowor half of hor face, was roady go, and was gone, in fact, as far as the door, Alien she suddenly said : "Why, now, I hod nearly forgot the rose. mary, and without that tho charm 13 naught. Did 1 leave it on the window shelf V" She wont back aud found it, and this time sho took tho precaution of folding it within the piece of paper that Bhc was to bury in tho churchyard. "Is it fair, dear Judith ?" Prudence said, re proachfully, boforo sho opened tho doer. " Is it right that you should take the bit of rose mary sent you by one lovor, and use it as a charm to bring another ?" "Nay, why should yon concern yourself, sweet mouse?" said Judith, with a quick glance, but indeed at this end of the room it was too dark for hor to boo anything. " My lover, say you 1 Lot that bo ns the future may show. In tho meantime I am pledged to no one, nor anxious that I should be so. And a sorap of rosemary, now, what is it? But listen to this, dear L'ruo ; if it help to show mo tho man l shall marry — if tlicro be aught in this magic — will it not be better for him that sent the rosemary that we should bo aware of what is in store for lis ?" " I know not — I scarcely ever know — whe ther you are ia jest or in earnest, Judith," iter friend said, " Why, then, I am partly in starched cam bric, good mouse, if j ou must know, and partly in (lamask, and partly in taffeta of popinjay blue. But come now, let us bo going. The awful hour approaches, Prue. Do you not tremble, like i'austus in the cell ? What ivas't I10 said ? It strikes; it strikes. Now, body, turn to air ! Come along, sweet Prue," But she wns silent as they left. Indeed, they went down tho dark little staircase and out at tho frout door with as little noise as might bo. Judith had not been mistaken ; the lino, clear, warm evening had brought out mnoy people ; and they were either quietly walking homo or standing in dusky little groups at the s reet corners talking to onch other ; whilst hero and there came a laugh from a ruddy- windoivcd aio house ; and hero aud there a hushed sound of singing, where a casement had been left a bit open, told that the family within were at their devotional oxcrcise3 for tho night. The half moon was now clear and silvery in the hcavenB. As they passed under tho mas sive strncturo of the Guild Chapel tho upper portions of tho tall win- I doivs had a pale greenish glow shining through them that made tho surround ing shadows look all the more solemn. Whether it was that their mnfllers effectually prevented their being recognised, or whether it waB that none of their friends happened to be abroad, they passed along without attractiug notice from anyone, nor was a word spoken botween themselves fur some time. But when they drew near to the church, the j vast bnlk of which, towering abovo tho trees i around, seemed almost black against the palely clear sky, the faithful Prudenco made bold to I put in a final word of romoustrance and dis suasion, "It is wickedness and folly, Judith. Naught can come of such work," siio said. "Then let naught coma of it, and what harm is done?" her companion said, gayiy. "Dear mouse, are you so timorous? Nay, but you shall not coino within tho little goto ; yoti shall remain without. And if the spirits come and snatch ma, as they snatched off Doctor PaUBtus, you shall seo all the pageant, and not a penny to pay. What was it in tho paper ? 'Pinch him black anil phicli htm hluc That seeks to steal a lover true.' Did it not run so? But they cannot pinch you, dear heart ; so stand here now, and hush! — pray you do not scream if you see them whip me off in a oloud of fire— -aud I shall bo with you again in a minute." She passed through tho little swinging gate and entered the little ehurchyard, casting therewith a quick glance nrouud. Apparently no ono was within sight of her, oithcr among the gray stones or under the black stemmed elms by the river ; but there were pcoplo not far off, for she could hear their voices— doubt less thoy were going home through the meadows on the other side of the stream. She looked but onco iu that direction. The open country was lying palo and olear in tho white light ; and under the wide branches of the elms ono or two bats were silently darting to and fro ; but sho could not seo tho people, aud she took it for granted that no ono could now observe what sho was about. So she left the path, made her wny through tile noiseless grass and reached tho small yew tree standing thero among tho grave stones. The light was clear enough to allow hor to open tho .packngo and make sure that the sprig of rosemary was with in ; then sho rapidly, . with hor baro hand, Btooped down and scooped a little of the earth away ; sho imbeddoJ the packet thore, repeating meanwhilo tho magic words ; sho replaced tho earth, and brushed tho long gross over it, so that, indeed, as well as she could mako out, the spot looked ns if it had not been disturbed iu auy manner. Ami then, with a quick'look toward the roof of the church to satisfy herself that nil tile condi tions had been fulfilled, sho got swiftly back to tho path again, and so to the littlo gate, passing through the churchyard like a ghost. " Tho deed is done, good Pruo," said she, gayly, but in a tragic whisper, as she linked her arm within tho arm of her friend and sut out homeward. " Now aro the dark puwers of tho earth at longno to ruise mo up — what think you, sweetheart ?— sucli a gallant ns tho world no'or saw ! All ! now when you sco him come riding in from Shottcry,'will not tho town stare? None of your ioggct ploying, tavern jesting, come luBs-mc-Moll lovers, but n true Bivorn knight on his white war stood, in shining mail, with a golden c.wquc on Ilia head and ostrich leathers, and on his silver shield ' St. George and England !' " "You aro light hearted, Judith," said tho timid and gentlo voiced Puritan by hor gido ; " and in truth tlioro is untiling that you fear. Well, I know not, but it will be in my prayers that no harm come of this night," OiiArTEn IV.— A PAOEANT. On tho morning after tho arrival of Judith's father I10 was out and abroad with Ids bailiff at an oarly hour, so that she had no chance of speaking to him ; and whon lie roturncd to Now Placa ho went into tho summer house in the orchard, where it was tho general habit and custom to Icavo him undisturbod, And yet she only wished to ask permission to take the mastiff with hor as far as Shottery ; and so, whon bIio had performed her share of tho domestic duties, end got hersolf ready, she went out and through tho baok court and into tho garden, thinking that ho would not mind SO brief an interruption. It was ft fc««b And pleasant morning, for thoro had boon somo rain in tho night, and now there was a slight breczo blowing from the Boutli, and tile air wan sweet with the scent of the lilac bushes. Tno sun lay warm on tho piuk aud white blossoms of tho apple trees and ou the creamy masses of tho cherry ; martins wero skimming and shooting this way and that, with now aud again a rapid flight to tho eaves of the barn ; tho bees hummed from flower to flower, and everywhere thorn was a chirping, and twittering, and clear singing of birds. The world seemed full of light and color, of youth, andswoet tilings, and gladness ; on such a morning ehu had no fear of a refusal nor was she much afraid to go near the summcr-houso that tile family were accflstomcd to hold sacred from intrusion. But when she passed into tho orchard, and came in sight of it, tlicro wns a sadden Hash of anger iu hur oyes. She might bavo guessed — she might havo known. Tlicro, blocking up the doorway of tho latticed and green painted tenement, was the figure of goodmnn Matthew ; aud tho littlo bandy-legged pippin-faced gardener was coolly resting 011 his spade while lie addressed his master ivithiu. Was thero ever (b)io naked hersolf) such hardihood, aucil audacity and impertinence ? Aud then sho rapidly bethought her that now wns a rare opportunity ior putting in practice a scheme of revenge that alio had carefully planned. It is truo that sho might liavo gone forward aud laid hur finger 011 Matthew's arm (lie was rather deaf), and so have motioned him away. But sho was too proud to do that. Sho would dispossess and rout him in another fashion. Bo she turned and went quickly again into tho hoiidc. Now at this timo Dr. Hall was making a round of professional visits at some distance away in the country ; and on such occasions Susanna Hall and her little daughter generally came to lodge at New Place, where Judith was found to bo an eager and assidnouB, if somewhat impatient and unreasoning, nurso, anil playmate, and music-mistress. Id fact, tho young mother had to remonstrate with her sister, and to point out that, although baby Elizabeth was a wonder of intelligence and cleverness — indeed, such a wonder as bad never hitherto been beheld iu tho world — still, a child of two years and three months or so could not bo expected to learn every thing at once ; and that it was just as reasonable to ask her to play on the luto as to imagino that she could Bit on the back of Don the mastiff without being held. However, Judith was fond of the child, and that incom parable aud astute small person bad a great liking for her aunt (iu consequence of benefits received), and a trust In her which the wisdom of muturer years might havo modified j and so, whenever she choso, Judith found no difficulty in obtaining possession of this precious charge, oven the young mother showing no anxiety when Bhc saw the two go away together. So it Was on this particular morning that Judith went and got hold of little Bess Hall, and quickly smartened up her costume, and carried her out into tiio garden. Then she weut to the barn, outside of which was the dog's kennel ; she unclasped tho chain and set free the huge, slow-stcpping, duo- colored bcaBt, that seemed to know as well as any one what was going forward ; sho affixed to his collar two pieces of silk ribbon that did very well for reins ; and then she sat littlo Bess Hall on Don Koderigo's back, and gave her tho reins to hold, ami so they Bet out for the summer-houso. Ou that May morning the wide and gracious realm of England — which to somo minds, and especially at that particular season of tho year, seems the mo9t beautiful country of any in the world — this rich and variegated England lay basking in the sunlight, with all its lush meadows, and woods, and hedges in tho full and fresh luxuriance of the spring ; and the small quiet liainlets were busy in a drowsy and easy-going kind of fasliion ; and far away around tho white coasts the biuo sea was idly murmuring in ; but it may bo doubted whether in all the length and breadth of that fair land thero was any fairer sight than this that the wit of a young woman had devised. She herself was pleasant ouougli to look on (and she wns always particularly attentive about her attiro whon her father was at home), and now sho was half laughing ns sho thought of her forthcoming revenge ; sho had dressed her littlo niece in her prettiest costume of pink and white, and pink was tho color of tho silken reins ; while the great slow- footed Don bore his part in tho pageant with a noble majesty, sometimes looking up at Judith as if to ask whether he were going iu tho right direction. And so tho procession passed on botween the white-laden cherry- trees and the redder masses of tho apple-blossom ; and the miniature Ariadne, sitting Bidewaya on the back of the great beast, betrayed no fear whatsoever ; while her aunt Judith held her, walking by her, and scolding licr for that sho would not sing. "Tantsing, Aunt Judith," aid sho. " You can siog well enough, you little goose, if you try," said her aunt, with the unreasoning impatience of an unmarried young woman. " What is tho nso of your going hunting without a hunting song ? Come along now : — Tho liuut is up, tho hunt Is up, And it Is well nigh day, try It, Bess 1" " Hunt is up, hunt is up," said the small rider ; but sho was occupied with the reins, and clearly did not want to bo bothered. " No, no, that is not singing, littlo goose Why, sing it like this now : — The hunt Is up, the hunt is up, And It Is well nigh day Anil Harry our King Is gone hunting To bring his deer lobay 1" However, tho music lesson came to au abrupt end. Thoy had by this time almost reached the summer hnuse. Saturnine Matthew gnr- douor, who still stood thero, blookiug up the doorway, had not hoard them approach, hut his master within had. The next instant gondinnn Matthciv suddenly found himself discarded, dismissed and treated, iudeed, as if he were simply non-oxistent in the world ; for Judith's father, having pausod for a moment to regard from tho doorway tho pretty pageant that had been arranged for him (and his faco lit up, as it woro, with pleasure at tho sight), was tho next minute down besldo his littlo granddaughter, with ono bneo on the ground, so that lie was just on a level with her out stretched hands. " What, Bess 1" ho said, as bo canght her by both handB and feet. "You imp, you inch, you elfin qneon, you I — would you go a-hunt- ing, then ?" "Send away Don— mo want to ride tho high bono," said tho small Bess, who had hov own ideas as to what was mOBt comfortable, and alao secure. 11 And 80 you shall, you sprite, you Ariel, you moonlight wonder 1" he exclaimed, as ho perched her on his shoulder, and rose to his feet again, "The high horse, truly ; indeed, you shall ride the high borae ! Corao now, wo will go 8ce how tho King's mulberry thrives; that is tho only tree we have that is younger than yourself, you ancient, you bel dame, you witch of Kndor, you 1" ".Father," said Judith, Feeing that ho was going away perfectly regardless of anybody or anything oxcept his grandaughtcr, "may. I take the Don with me for an hour or so ?" "Whither away, wcneli— whither V he asked, turning for a moment, " To Shottery, father.""- "Well, well," said he, and ho turned again nnd went oil. " Come, Boss, you world's jewel, you, yon shall ride with me to London some day, and tell tho King how his mulberry thrives ; that shall you, you fairy, you princess, you volvet- footed maidickin ! To Loudon, Bess — to London I" Judith did not stay to regard them further ; but she could not help casting a look before sho left at goodmnn Matthew, who stood thero discomfited, dispossessed, unheeded, annihilated, as it were. And then, calling iho dog afler her, Bhe went in by tlio back court and through tho honso again (for Chapel-lane was in a sad condition alter the ram of the night, and was not a pleasant path way oven in the best of times). And she was laughing to herself at Matthew's discomfiture, and she was singing to herself as she went out by the front door, There's never a maiil in all tho town. But well she knows that malt's come down. And in the street it was "Good morrow to you, Master Jolly man the rain will do good, will it not?" and, again, "Good morrow, neighbor Pike ; do you know that my father is coino house ?" and again, " Got you within tho doorway, Utile Parsons, else the waggon-wheels will bo over thee." And then, whon she was in the freedom of tho field, she would talk blithely to Don Roderigo, or snatch a buttercup here or there from among the long, lush, warm grass, or return to her careless singing : For malt's come down, and malt's come down— O well 9he knows that malt's come down ! 'yrapgcmBnt' Mtho author 