S yd vet, Thursday. Condition of the Premier. Mr. Stuart continues to improve. He had a good night last night. . Sydney Weather. ■ A heavy thunderstorm, accompanied with torrents of rain, occurred this morn ing in ure msiness was principally confined to a con idaration of the Council's amendments in le Land Bill. The amendments in clause 51 were agreed to with the addition of an lendment proposed by Mr. Garrett to Fthe effect that improvements on the re sumed areas should be paid for by the con ditional purchasers or the lessee. The Government strongly opposed this amend ment, but, after a long debate, it was car ried against the Government by 53 to 9 voteB. All the succeeding amendments, after,a" further debate, were eventually adopted. A long discussion occurred ou new clause 130, which was amended by Mr.,/ Famell to omit the words which prevented a purchaser or lease-holder from impound ing in cases of trespass. This was agreed to, as were also the remaining amendments as far as new clause 145, which was dis agreed from, thus finishing the Land Bill with the exception of the adoption 'of the report which will be made to-night, and the bill returned to the Upper House. It is expected that the Government will proceed with the railway policy,' and the Loan Estimates, to-night. Child Found Head. ■ The dead body of an infant was found at Neutral Bay, yesterday. The body was wrapped round with a piece of sheet lead. Several cuts and punctured wounds over the temple point to foul play. > An Ecclesiastical Point, At the Provincial Synod, yesterday, Canon Selwyn said the Church1.of Eng land was obliged to go to Parliament for the power to deal with property, but he asks, " Is it worthy of the Church of the living God t6 go for approval of what we do to men who are not as a whole a Chris tian body, and who do not invoke the aid of the Holy Ghost to guide them in their deliberations." Legislation as to Cemeteries. The House of Bishops, yesterday, came to the conclusion that there is need for general legislation with regard to the Church of England cemeteries in the co lony. - Hanlan and Beach. At the complimentary pic-nic given to Beach, yesterday, Hanlan, in his speech, expressed himself very confident of his ability to beat Beach. The European Powers and Australasian Affairs. It is thought not improbable that the British Government have under consider ation the propriety of submitting to Euro pean arbitration the question of the an nexation of the Pacific Islands, and the better understanding beginuing to prevail on their colonial policy between Germany and England points to the probability of united action between those countries and France. This view is strengthened by the fact that Dr. Krauel, the Sydney German Consul, has been suddenly summoned by cable mossage to Berlin by his Govern ment, and leaves this afternoon, via Mel bourne, to catch tlio steamer Caledonian. The exact nature of his visit to Berlin lias not transpired, but it is believed to be conoerning the annexation of, or tho es tablishment of a protectorate over, the South Sea Islands. Steamer Foundered. The steamer Madjus, 24V tons, from England to Sydney, almost in ballast, has foundered off Port Macquarie during heavy weather. The crew all took to the boats, and, after being out all night, were .picked up without the loss of any life. \ A Bicycle Ride. J Mr. Timewell, the Sydney bicyclist, has arrived at Gladstone, and left for Rock hampton. When ho roaches the latter place he will have completed a ride of 1000 miles. 