GOLD; THE HEIRESS AND THE ORPHANS By SEIAVYN EYRE. CHAPTER XIX. NIK A AS ADVISER. All tins while, why is it that we thus apparently neglect Rachel Ayre, towards who n our hearts went out at the opening of these pages, and yet with whom of late we have had nothing personally to do ? Is it because her sweet, earnest faith has served to interest us less than the tone of thought"—career —line of action belonging to and adopted by others who have part in this life's story ? or have we simply been helpless in the matter V We can only say, in sheer self-defence, that it has happened so. Our own heart went out to Rachel Ayre at the very beginning. It did yet more on her behalf—it yearned for her in those days when poverty was at the door and there seemed such small chance of escape for either sister. We fear also for her now, even when her surroundings have again all changed, and she is surrounded by everything that bespeaks wealth—wealth, however, be it remembered, wMch does not belong to her. , . And wealth, if it brings blessings, brings also temptation in its train—such temptation as God only may deliver us from—such temption as can alone be combated with by the aid of a strength not our own—a strength which is alone divine. Listen—and then pray hard for her, if you will, that an angel from Heaven may speedily stand by her side—this, supposing that her own special guardian angel be not already on guard—protecting her from even the very shadow of evil. Listen, we repeat. " I'll tell you what it is then, Miss Cleland. We must manage matters somehow for that quiet-looking little companion of yours—that's whatyoucallher, is it not?*I have the greatest mind possible to take her myself, fascinating little creature that she is. She would be ready enough to take me, of course. Thankful enough to be married, in fact. Any girl, dependent as she is, must long to have a husband. I like your quiet, gentle faces —such as hers, I mean," the speaker added, as if deeming it needful, as indeed it was, that he should express his meaning somewhat more correctly. " And " "And? Well—go on, can't you, Air. Furrows ?" Mr. Tom Furrows had only been introduced to Nina four days ago ; but within the space of those four days that gentleman an J herself had become particularly good friends —wonderfully so, in fact. Nina always did become "particularly good friends" with most people. Why not ? as she was wont to ask. It was " so much pleasanter," and " far less stiff." Yes, Mr. Tom Fin- rows, or plain " Tom FUITOWS," as she had already begun to call him in his absence, was a capital fellow, " take him all in all," and for some special reason of her own she seemed to like him all the better because he showed no signs whatever of having lost his heart to herself. No: lie was, on the contrary, just the sort of fellow with whom she could indulge ia plenty of fun and frolic; " bandy jokes," as she expressed it, by the dozen—which feat was rather more, she found, than she could with safety carry into execution with every individual who crossed her path. Already, by indulging heedlessly m her favourite propensity, she had contrived to fall into what others would probably have thought terrible scrapes, and been solemnly recommended how many times it would be simply imposible to say, by each member of the trio mounting guard over her—" Mother Braker" the lawyer, and Rachel Ayre respectively—the latter, in the mere capacity of "paid companion"—to take heed as regarded her words, and " mend her ways." Nina proved, however, as a rule incorrigible. " And—and I'll see what she says to the proposition, that's more." _ Ihe gentleman in question threw himself back, on uttering these admittedly self- complacent words, into one of the many_ comfortable chairs, the possession of which. Nina Iceland's drawing-room boasted. Nina laughed. : " You're quite sure that shell have you, Mr. Tom Furrows V she said a little sarcastically. " Well, what do you thins 2" Was ever conversation relative to such a subject sustained in such prematurely conclusive fashion? " Well, then, I think she will accept you without doubt, answered Nina, very positively. "Bless my soul! Miss Cleland, you seem as certain of the point as if everything were already fixed—as 2 " " You asked me. You need not_ look so astonished;" and Nina pouted considerably. "Just like a man though—exactly. If you didn't want my advice, why on earth did you ask it?" Mr. Tom Furrows saw tolerably quickly that he was now, as he mentally termed it, on the brink of a row, which eventuality, of all things in the world, was what he most hated—even the thought of it—and therefore sought hastily to retrace hiB steps. Mr. Tom Furrows was rich; Mr. Tom Furrows was weary, as it seemed, not only of himself, but everything else; and, moreover, Mr. Tom Furrows had, with a considerable amount of effort, considering the extreme amount of lackadaisicalness wMch uniformly ervaded hiB train of thought, begun _some- to imagine he was in the very slightest Eow degree in love with Rachel Ayre. So gorged, in fact, was he with a full enjoyment of the good things of this life, so satiated with its pleasures, so weary was he even of existence itself—that he was actually thinking of taking unto himself a wife, and that in the shape of Miss Cleland's companion. Happy, self-satisfied, and Mghly-to-beapplauded Mr. Tom Furrows ! " I only meant," he stammered — "nothing." "Then it's a pity you spoke, retorted! Nina. . . "Well, yes, it is perhaps,'' he agreed very humblv. Somehow, at that instant, Mr.. Tom Furrows would as soon have thought of flying as of indulging in a proposition of marriage to Miss Nina Clelana herself. No—not for worlds! Freedom and the one desire of not being specially bothered in life by either friend or foe—of being allowed to do precisely as bechose—seemed just then to be the one prevailing derire of his mind. It might, however, be tolerably pleasant to marry Nina's " meek and mild, milk-andwatery 'companion,'" and therefore he would make the venture bravely. He really regarded matters as if he were about to perpetrate an enormous personal sacrifice, and that, too, at the shrine of excessive benevolence. There are others in the world like you, Mr. Furrows—many who imagine that they are enacting the part of the good Samaritan by contemplating the perpetration of such "Now, listen to me, Mr. Tom Furrows," resumed Nina, after ah instant's pause,' as if she rather wished to bring matters to a . climax there and then, "if I were in Rachel Ayre's place, I'd take you in a moment—that I would!" "Oh! you would—would you?" and the listener began to feel all at once, veritably frightened. Why. the very next thing that the heiress would do might be—who knew to the contrary?—to throw herself bodily at his feet and offer him, wholly unconditionally her o^n hand and heart. Awful thought! No; he could not endure even the bare contemplation of such a disaster. Why, he should be a poor, cowed, hen-pecked husband in the course of perhaps three weeks—possibly even the same number of days, if she chose to drive matters to extremity, as was not at all unlikely. " I would, indeed," pursued Nina, emphatically, " if I was poor, yon know, not else; not if I were rich—you quite understand, eh?" Nina nearly always persisted in terminating her sentences with this interrogative, although strictly forbidden to do so by the lawver, and petitioned—oh how sweetly!—by Rachel to abandon the habit. " Quite !" and Mr. Tom Furrows breathed a sigh of relief. " Thank Heaven," he thought, " that Miss Nina Cleland is thus minded." " But if I were as poor as she is—homeless," went on Nina, "and certainly remarkably pretty" " Remarkably," subjoined Mr. Tom, duet-fashion " 1 would jump at such an offer." Mr. Tom Furrows laughed. "You see," pursued Nina, gravely, evidently speaking with the best intention possible, ana her own conscience as evidently,, much as we may personally object to the theory adopted by her, being completely atrest whilst giving expression to ner sentiments ; " what is to become of her—in theend, I mean—if some one doesn't marry her?' Why, bless you, there's nothing but the workhouse before her, Tom Farrows!" How desperately confidential, and therefore, as a natnral consequence, friendly, Miss Nina was becoming. " The workhouse ? Oh ! I trust not." So do I. But you know I may not al ways keep her." "Dear me—no. Why, you will be getting married yourself some day." " Never mind what I may do. Attend to your own business, and your own love affairs, if it's the sane thing to yourself, Mr Tom Furrows," and Nina, her eyes flashing drew herself up with a considerable amount of dignity, which lasted, however, for the Bpace of only two or three instants. u I do not nent." like interference — it is very imperti- " I beg_ your pardon," stammered Mr. Furrows, "I did not quite understand." "Just like a man, exactly. They very seldom do understand anything." Mr. Furrows, stiange though it may seem, looked as he felt—unutterably ashamed of himself. Nina's influence over him, as, indeed, over every one else coming in her way, was indomitable. She had now worked him up little by little into a veritable fever. He would have done anything in the world to secure her favour, and yet. strangest fact of all, was meanwhile not in the least in love •with the heiress. In love with her 1 Why, he would juBt as soon have thought of offering his hand and heart to Xantippe. •* Cannot you comprehend the tact," pursued Nina, "that I am now advising you simply about your business ?" 1 suppose you are." " Speak less gruffly, then, or I will leave you in the lurch, even when you are at the very last ®sp—I declare I wilL Bah! how heartily I detest ingratitude—it's worse than witchcraft." , , 4tButMissCleland--dear,aearMissClelaad, if " 4< Now, stop that this moment! How dare you, you most depressing fellow! Another one of any of those tender—what is it?" and Nina came to a sudden standstill in her torrent of wrath—" oh, yes, epithets—I remember ; that's what £ have been taught to call them. Another of those dreadful epithets, I say, and I will send you—straight before the magistrates. Tou ought to know better —you really should." " I will not, then—I swear I will.not," said poor Mr. Furrows. "Promise!" commanded Nina, with bewitching imperiousness. "I promise." "Faithfully?" "Faithfully." This desperatel: 'And you will conductfjjyourself like a sensible man for the future ? Upon my honour—yes.*' " And leave me alone ?" How desperately aggravating Nina could be whenever she haaBet her whole wilful heart ucon being so! "I will then be your loyal slave. Miss Cleland, and do whatever you bid me." '•Then prepare your mind for the worst, and make me"—— the words came very slowly and emphatically—" a formal and distinct proposition of marriage" To spring from his chair was the work of an instant on the part of the listener. Why, the very next thing she would do would be to proceed against him for "breach of promise." He had already seized his hat, and was trembling with agitation, when Nina proceeded— " I require a formal 'and distinct proposition of marriage, I repeat, on behalf of my companion, Miss Rachael Ayre," she added, with the utmost sang froid. " Here, write it quickly. There is everything that you can wish for in the way of materials. 'I vow and declare'—that's yourself, you know;" and Nina now assumed a fierce air, ".' that my heart is set upon marrying '" " Stay!—cannot I have, say rive minutes, in which to think it all over, before settling quite?" asked the visitor, nervously. " Not a moment! Write it, I say—the best step you ever tuok in all your life, you'll be ready enough to admit afterwards, I am certain. Nina, by the way, was terribly addicted to dealing in abbreviations. " Saved from single blessedness," she pursued, "and all that sort of thing—don't you understand? And at the suggestion, moreover, of au heiress who wouldn't have you. Only think of that!" "But this pen is — unmitigatedly bad," blurted out the unlucky hero of the occasion. Here's another then. Do be quick ! " And—and F'—hajjpy thought this decidedly, on the part 01 Mr. Tom—"never by any chance, either, write with anything but W " "Awkward—very. Might have been, I mean. Here is a box full of them, however. Courage! The very thing you've been wishing for. Now, do leave shilly-shallying. Contemptible!" She'll have me, you think ?" " Of couse she wifl. Why, Rachel Ayre!" cried Nina, as the crimson curtain at the further end of the room was slowly drawn on one side, and the objest of their conversation appeared upon the scene; "I did net even dream that you were in the house. Mr. Furrows and I have just been transacting a little matter of business, my dear—our own private business, is it not so ?" and she turned appealing] y to the gentleman. " Oh, of course!" he agreed, somewhat uncomfortably. He was still terribly afraid of what Nina's own intentions might be towards him. "You can go on writing, Mr. Furrows. Why, Rachel, you look as pale as a ghost, and as haughty as a duchess, I do declare 1" AnJ well she might. Though she had not heard all, she had neard too much. 