BAPTIST. On Monday evening, Dec. 31, a social tea was partaken of at the Gawler Baptist Church, after which a very pleasant meeting was held, the Rev. S. Howard presiding. The object of the meeting was for the purpose of bidding farewell to Mr. Mansom and his wife, who are leaving the town for Hawker, and who have been connected with the church upwards of ten years. Mr. Mansom has been an energetic worker in nearly all the departments of the church, and his removal is one which will be much felt. Opportunity was also taken to say a few parting words to Mr. Ruth, who, too, is leaving the town. The Southwark Baptist Church Sabbath-school was duly formed on Sunday, December 30, when the Rev. J. it. Howie and Mr. C. Smith (Student) delivered addresses. The names of sixty-five children were enrolled, Mr. Egarrs being appointed superintendent, Mr. Goodenoughsecretary, and Mi-. Moore treasurer. On the first Sunday in the new year the number of scholars had increased to eighty-three, and, including the officers, there are seven teachers. BIBLE CHRISTIAN. The Christmas tree and sale of gifts in behalf of the Kapunda Bible Christian chapel trust fund passed off successfully, thelnet profits being over £18. The Mount Lofty Bible Christian Church held their anniversary on December 30. Sermons were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. R. Lang, formerly pastor of the circuit. On New Year's Day numbers of people attended the annual tea and the meeting in the evening. Mr. W. E. Fisher occupied the chair at the latter gathering. Messrs Kidney and Gore and the Revs. R. Lang and G. H. Paynter gave addresses. The meeting was a spiritual one, and we hope it will be seen it has done its share of good with all God's agencies. The collections at the services and meetings amounted to £21, besides which there are donations for the funds'-of the church. It is expected that a little will be paid off the debt. On Christmas Day, at 7 30 a.m., service was held at Port Germein church. The speakers were Messrs. W. T. Isaac and J. Darling, The choir, under the leadership of Mr. R. Kelly, was present and sang pieces of music suitable to the occasion. In the evening, at 8 o'clock, a public concert was held in the above church, which passed off well. The church was tastefully decorated with evergreens, etc. reflecting great praise upon those ladies and gentlemen who assisted. New Year's Day was celebrated by a public picnic at the Baroota Creek, near the cattle track. Dinner was provided at 1 o'clock, after which games of various kinds were indulged in, and to all appearance the majority were quite delighted. By tea- time a large gathering was on the ground, and when the spread was ready large numbers flocked to partake of the good things provided. After the picnic a public concert was held at the Bible Christian Church on the cattle track. All were well pleased with the way in which the performers acquitted themselves. Messrs J. Sherriff and A. Williams also took part, the chair being ably filled by J. Darling, Esq., J.P. CONGREGATIONAL. The Rev. W. S. Fernie, who has had charge of the Congregational Church at Kapunda during his brother's absence in England, has been invited by the members of the Rose Park Church to become their pastor for six months. Mr. Fernie has accepted the invitation, and will commence his labors on Sunday, January 20. A sale of goods was held in the College Park Congregational Schoolroom in aid of the church building fund. The goods consisted chiefly of those remaining from a bazaar held in the town hall in October. The stalls were presided over by Mesdames Stanford, Ranford, W. T. Gray, and Miss Stanford. In the evening a promenade concert was held ; there was a large attendance and a considerable quantity of goods was disposed of. Ordination and recognition services were held in the Congregational Church, Hamley Bridge, on Sabbath and Monday, (Jth and 7th inst. The late pastor, Rev. E. G. Atkinson, having resigned the pastorate in April last, the church has since been supplied by Mr. T. S. Williams, student from Union College, every alternate Sabbath, the other Sabbath being mostly supplied by very excellent young men from the Port Church, the services 'being thus regularly kept up and the congregation increasing,HO that it was resolved on Nov. 22 that, as Mr. T. S. Williams' services were so ably rendered and much appreciated, he should be presented with a call to take the oversight of the church, and a very largely signed call was in due course presented to him and much pleasure and satisfaction felt when his reply accepting the call was received. He commenced his work by preaching opening sermons on Sabbath, Jan. 0, to full congregations, and on Monday, 7tli, tho ordination service took place. The Rev. F. W. Cox, acting as leader, asked the usual questions. Tho Rev. O. Copland delivered a most able, earnest, and impressive charge to tho young minister. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, in a very nblu, scholarly, yet plain address, explained the principles of Congregationalism and charged the congregation. The ordination prayer was offered by Bev. F. W. Cox. A capital tea was then partaken of. served in Messrs. Duffield's wheat store. After the tea a public meeting was held in the church, ably presided over by E. Deland, Es q. Much regret was felt at the absence of Rev. J. C. Kirby, and more when a telegram from him announced that illness was the cause. Able and earnest addresses were delivered by Revs. Fletcher, Cox, Copland, and the pastor. El ],SCOP ALT AN. A bazaar in aid of St. 1 Peter's Church, Glenelg, was held in the local institute on Thursday evening, January 3. This church, which was opened about six months ago, was erected at a cost of £4,GOO. Since then strenuous efforts have been made by the members of the church to reduce the debt on the building. A scries of concerts has been given during the winter, and by this and other means the debt has been reduced to £1,000, and it is hoped to clear a considerable sum by the present undertaking. The bazaar was opened by the mayoress (Mrs. T. King). PRIMITIVE METHODIST. The anniversary of the East Moonta Primitive Methodist Church was celebrated on Sunday, Dec. 23, and Christmas Day. Two excellent sermons were preached by the Rev. \V. Cooke to attentive congregations. The tea was fairly patronised, after which a public meeting was held. An entertainment was given by the East Moonta Primitive Methodist Temperance Society, consisting of dramas and recitations, interspersed with carols. The choir, vocal and instrumental, under the leadership of Mr. Brown, did their work well. The recitations were good, and the dramas all that could be desired. The Rev. W. Cooke gave an address. Mr. A. Plummer presided. The chapel was comfortably filled, and the proceeds satisfactory. Anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Sunday-school, Parkside, were held on Stuiday and Monday, January <» and 7. On Sunday sermons were delivered by the Revs. J. Moody, J. Watson, and J. Goodwin. On Monday fairly-attended tea and public meetings were held. The secretary's report, which was read by Mr. J. Robinson, showed that the number of scholars attending the school was 130. The average attendance for the year was 70. The finances of the school were in a healthy state. With regard to the spiritual progress tlie officers and teachers were thankful that they had seen during the year some practical result of their labors. Mr. R. G. Sutton, superintendent of the school, presided at the public meeting, and gave an excellent opening address. Appropriate speeches were also made by the Revs. J. Moody, J. Watson, J. Goodwin, and Mr. J. Peters. A special vote of thanks was accorded to Miss G. Harman for the efficient manner in which she had taught the children to sing, Miss L. Harman presided at the organ. WESLEYAN. The half-yearly effort in connection with the Summertowa Wesleyan Church was held on Dec. 30, when the Rev. P. C. Thomas, of Mount Barker, preached two sermons. On New Year's Day a public tea was held, followed by a lecture on "Old- fashioned Gateways," by Rev. J. Y. Simpson ; Mr. White, of Kent Town, in the chair. Total proceeds, £12 14s. The December quarterly meeting in connection with the Maitland Circuit was held on Tuesday, December 18. The Rev W. A. Langsford presided. The number of members on the roll is reported to be 120. The income for the quarter was £G7 li'is. 4d., and tlie expenditure £67 os. 9d. As the income from one place had not been received, the receipts will probably be £6 in advance of the expenditure. Messrs. H. Lamshed, J.P., and J. O. Tiddy, J.P., were elected stewards and Mr. G. Miller was clectcd representative at the ensuing conferencc. A bazaar was held on Christmas Day at Onetree Hill to defray the expense of a new vestry adjoining the Wesleyan Church. The proceeds of the day amounted to £40, which sum, together with cash already in hand, paid the entire cost of the building, £81 10s. Great credit is due to the ladies' committee for this successful result, the whole affair having been managed by them. MISCELLANEOUS. On New Year's Eve, we watched the various groups wending their way to the churches, where midnight services were to be held. Prompted by feelings of curiosity we mingled with the lively throng that congregated without the Barracks. Presently appeared the Captain and his wife with their hearty handshaking and God bless you heard on every side. We entered the Barracks, which was prettily decorated with green boughs. On the walls in large characters were invitations to sinners. Over the platform hung a beautiful banner, the gift of one of the leading townsmen. The back seats were rushed by young men. from the lowest type to the well-dressed, well-educatedj occasional church frequenter, and soon the building is filled. We gaze around—where are the large-hearted Christians ? Only one prominent townsman is present with his family. The Captain selected the 13th chapter of St. Mark, dwelling with great earnestness upon the 9th, 10th, and 11th verses; also the four concluding verses of the same chapter, during enunciation of which we felt the power of the Holy Ghost in our midst. After prayer and singing (the latter being a marked feature in their meetings) they all sang heartily. Our churches would do well to imitate their example. The Captain delivered a solemn address which was interrupted by one of the back seat audience, he having forcibly to be removed, the captain, meanwhile, exhibiting exemplary forbearance. A young brother offered a prayer " Father forgive them, they know not what they do. Grant unto them a New Year's gift of a new heart." Then one of their converts (who a year ago was the leader of a band of larrikins) offered prayer, which could only be the outpouring of changed heart. After singing a solemn hymn, we had a few minutes of silent heart communing, duriiig which the old year flipped from us into the vast eternity, and we seemed to read in indelible letters—" God requireth that which is past."—Correspondent. The usual fortnightly meeting of the local division of the Blue Ribbon Army at Marion and Sturt was held at the Bible Christian Chapel, Sturt, on Thursday, Jan. 3. There was a moderate attendance, and Mr. J. Culver presided. After the meeting had been opened in the usual manner, addresses were delivered by the chairman, Mr. A Attersoll, and Mr. T. Parsons, setting forth the evil caused by drinking, and the great success which was attending the temperance cause everywhere. The proceedings of the meeting were enlivened by Mr. J. Culver singing a negro hymn, and by Mr. A. Attersoll singing the army song," The bonnie bit of blue." Five persons came forward, signed the pledge, and donned the blue, after which the meeting was brought to a close by singing the doxology and the chairman pronouncing the benediction. A meeting of the members forming the Christian Mission at North Adelaide was held on Friday evening, January 4, when it was unanimously resolved to go over in a body to the Christian Crusaders. The Rev. A. Turnbull, chief of tlie staff, was present by invitation, and expressed a hope that other isolated missions might follow the same course, and come under the flag of the Christian Crusaders, and thereby make a strong body of social reformers. The Christian mission having ceased to exist in North Adelaide, those forming the mission will be known as the second corps of the Christian Crusaders. INTERCOLONIAL. The Rev. John Warren, Wesleyan minister, Auckland, New Zealand, has recently died. "The deceased has been a long and energetic worker in connection with both Maori and European churches. Tho Rev. J. Osborne, who was lately arraigned before tho Wesleyan Church Courts in relation to his public utterance on Popery, has accepted the position of sub- editor to tho Sydney Daily Teleyraplt. The Tasmanian district meeting is of opinion that the proposed union of the Methodist bodies is at present impracticable. It passed a resolution affirming the desirability of fraternal co-operation among the various Methodist Churches. The Wesleyans of Tasmania have secured a site for a ladies' col!eg« at a cost of £1,500. The sum of £5,000 has beon promised towards the enterprise. The Melbourne Salvation Army held meetings in the Exhibition on New Year's Day; at 11 o'clock there was a congregation of 4,000 persons, at 3 o'clock an attendance of 0,000, and in the evening anotner meeting of about 10,000 people, In Brunswick, Melbourne, all grocers' liquor licenses have been withdrawn. Several native teachers, en route from the Eastern Pacific to New Guinea, took part in a service held utthc Pitt-street Congregational Chuvch on Sunday morning week. A very unusual and interesting ceremony took place at the Maloga Aboriginal Mission Station on the ltiver Murray, near Echuca, on Christmas Day, when the Rev. J. C. Johnstone, of Echuca, married no fewer than four couples of the blacks. One of the bridegrooms got up and thanked Mr. Johnstone for himself, and the others just married, and the thanks were caried by acclamation. A visitor is struck with the good expression of the faces of the great majority of the blacks at the station, and it is evident in various ways that the self-denying and noble Christian work of Mr. and Mr. Matthews is not in vain. A successor to the late Rev.Dr.McGibbonin the Palmerstreet Presbyterian Church, Melbourne, has been found in the Rev. William Shearer, of Swinton, in Scotland. The Rev. Dr. Dykes and Mr. R. Morton, who were appointed for the purpose, have selected Mr. Shearer. He is to arrive about April next. The Presbyterian Church of this colony, says the Sydney Presbyterian, in reviewing the events of the year, has happily been spared the turmoil inflicted on the sister Church in Victoria by the Strong case. Two ministers have died, several have resigned, and one has gone to Victoria. Several new charges have been formed, Ministers from the United Kingdom have arrived at the rate of one a month, and others are on their way. There is room for many suitable men. The various schemes have been well supported, and the Church is yearly becoming more united. The last Assembly was the*largest and best since the Union. Negotiations for union among the Australian churches have been enthusiastically conducted, and doubtless there will be federation ere long in certain departments. The watchword for 1884 is ' FORWARD.' 