HARDWOOD AND BUCHAN. TO Till! KDITOR OF THIS TAS1IAN1AV NEWS. Sir,—Two letters appear in the columns of your issue of Saturday last, 12th, one speaking of hardwood, and the other putting in a spoke for Buchan. To the first writer—I should like to ask him (with all due deference to his position; lie may be a jam merchant) can he tell tlie distinction between blue gum aud stringy bark woods when sent up to town from any of the mills ? If he can he is tho grandest man iu the colony. I should like to inform him (that is if he does not want to act the ignoramus) that he can purchase hardwood from Crisp’s, Macquarie street (plenty stored in the yard there), without going down to Mr Belbin’s for it. To the writer of the letter in Buchan’s case—I should all his attention to the first or opening sentence of his letter, which I shall alter slightly. The more you stir up (Buchan’s case) the stink, the move it Bmells. I have a great many letters, leaders, and sub-leaders in your valuable paper, but have failed to see that they have done any good to Buchan, or proved him innocent of tho charges laid agaiust him. Sir, I thiuk lie lias proved, by Iris own words, to have obtained the appointment as Overseer of Roads by misrepresentation, for I know tlmt one of tho conditions connected with the appointment was that the overseer should keep a correct account of all works done bjr the Corporation on the outlying streets, luiving to enter such work regularly in books kept for the purpose, for the information of the Public Works Committee. I should like to 6ce the books lie lias been keeping work done (according to specification) by Messrs Howard aud llawkes. Now, sir, I am quite certain that when Buchan made application to the Corporation for the billet lie did not plead ignorance, nor oven when he was buttonholing the members did he tell them he would have to get Mrs Buclmu to do his clerical work. Oh, no, lie was too canny a Scot for that. 1 cannot vouch for the truth, but 1 believe he bad grand testimonials from the Scotch clan in one of the New Zealand provinces, whero every individual in the province* constitute the clan. He had also, 1 believe, a letter from the chief of tlie clan there to tlie chief of a clan here. That is why, in my humble opinion, tho other G3 applicants stood not a ghost of a chance with the Scotchman.— 1 remain, sir, FIDDLE-DE-DEE. [Some words in our correspondent’s letter ii: ve oedii liccdss&rily; modified. Ho seems to thiuk that the aekuowledgifietil of his own imperviousness to argument is proof that no nrgumeut exists. Consequently, it matters little how much or how little he reads on any subject.— Ed. Atcws.] 