Iptetae, WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SAB&H; DOTTDNEY, Author of ' A Woman's Glory,' &c; When we two parted In silence and teats, Half broken-hearted Xo Bever for years.— BTBON. Chaptee m.— Scheming. The bell- voices, heard so loudly in the old High-street, drifted faintly and sweetly over the far-reaching gardens of Oakenhurst. Across the thickets of choice roses, banks ablaze with the glories of geraniums and cal ceolarias; spaces of green velvet sward ; deli cate ferns, showing their dainty fronds against gray rockeries, the chime floated on until it swept in through the open windows of JUUbb Delmontfe boudoir. 'You need not go on reading,' said the heiress's voice, coming languidly from a sofa. *B There's nothing more soothing than the sound of distant bells, and yonr book is very stupid. It is a goody book, written on purpose to bore people on Sunday afternoons. I think I shall go to Bleep now. Mrc Gosse shut the book -with a supressed sigh of relief. The day was warm, the air heavy and sweet with the scent of the roses which were trained all round the windows, and she losged to close her eyes. Zoe wes fond of taking long naps in the daytime, but her Bight slumbers were often broken. The sofa in the bondoir was a favo rite resting-place ; it was a luxurious couch, covered with satin and furnished with plump pillows tbat invited repose. She lay quite still, & slender figure draped in fawn-colored silk and lace ; and Mrs. Goste glanced at her with a stealthy look. Somehow, fill Miss Delmont'fl people were In tide habit of regarding her with stealthy looks ; the curious uncertainty of her temper feept them in a state of dread. Now and then she became conscious of these furtive glances, and bitterly resented them. Of all things the hated being slay watched and studied, and the companion, it was observed, studiously avoided looking at her loo much. Mrs, Gosse was undeniably clever in her cwn fashion, although her attainments were of a superficial kind. Even Mr. Delmont — Socd, easy man— had hinted that his daugh ter's governess ought to have been a more thoroughly cultivated woman. But she had presented herself at a time when Zoe'a health gave her father the gravest anxiety. She girl needed a pleasant friend more than a teacher ; she could not learn much, nor had she any thirst for instruction. Mrs. Gosse might be shallow, but she had a soft winning manner, and understood the art of amusing, and Zoe would not have her sent away. So she stayed, and staying, glided easily from the post of governess to that of com panion. The housekeeper, a sensible woman who bad contrived to make her young mistress understand that she was not a slave, some times spoke pityingly of Mrs. Gosse, The companion endured insults and taunts which the servants wonld never have borne. Had she any feelings ! Nobody knew. If she had ever possessed pride and self-respect it was certain that she must have bartered them long ago for ease and luxury. To be well paid, well fed, and well dressed Mrs. Gosse would have patiently suffered some of the worst humiliations that a woman could know. In this passion for selfin dulgence the key of her character was to be found. She was naturally of a placid temper, her health was good, her appetite excellent ; the stinging words that must have drawn bitter tears from a more irritable person, scarcely called a flash into her calm, fair face, Ab a chaperon and companion she was per fect, always ready to speak at the right moment, and (more wonderful still) quite as ready to hold her peace. Having assured herself that Zoe was really asleep, she quietly put the book aside and leant back comfortably in her low chair. Then, as if a sudden thought had struckher, she opened her half dosed eyes, and glanced At the timepiece. 'A quarter part three ;' she said to her self, ' Kb time for a doze ; if a hard that I should be persecuted. What can he want; why can't he leave me in peace?' She gave another look at the sleeper on the sofa, then rose cautiously, and glided out through the glass door that opened upon the terrace. A parasol lay half hidden among the creepers, evidently placed there ia readi ness for the afternoon stroll. She took it up, opened it, and walked away into one of the f lades that made a passage through the brnbbery. The way went on and on, leading through a beautiful growth of firs and larches, mingled here and there with ornamental shrubs. Dog roses, pink and white, hung ont their flowery wreaths; the woodbine, less con spicuous, revealed its presence by its overpowering sweetness*. The place was a bit of a fairyland, the soft, well kept path might have led straight to Titania's throne ; but no sylvan fancies occupied Mrs. Gosse's mind as ahe followed its leadings. Her face, usually so tranquil, was now faintly flushed, and once or twice she drew a long breath. Evidently the errand that had called her forth was not a business of pleasure, and for her this scented glade possessed no charm today. She wm a plump, graceful woman, gifted with natural elegance and walking with a sort of nndnlatiDg motion which was attractive. Her face, pale and fair, was delicately moulded, and retained all the beautiful oat lines of her yonnger days. The grey eyes were a little weary; the golden hair was slightly sprinkled with silver, but It was as soft asd plentiful as ever, and always arranged with the greatest simplicity. Mrs. Gone was too wise to fight against time ; she yielded gracefully to its advances, and dressed op to her age. In her sombre brown satin and rich lace she still possessed a power of attraction which not a few of her younger and more blooming sisters might have envied. By degrees the trees began to thin a little. and the glade widened at last into a small space of sward, bounded by a laurel hedge and rustic fence. A gate in the fence opened Into a narrow lane, shady snd quiet; and here a man was slowly pacing, and smoking a cigarette. Catching sight of Mrs. Goa»e on the other ?Me of the gate, he flung the cigarette away, lifted his hat, and came to her at once. 'Xhaskjfor coming,' he said, courteously, 'Are we safe, do you think? I have a great deal to say.' ' Will you be long in saying it ?' she asked. ' Perhaps. Ton can spare me half an hour. I hope!' 'I may be missed,' she said, with some uneasiness in her tone. 'And I don't like standing here at the gate ; some one walking in the lane may see me and recognise me.' 'It will be better for me to come inside,' he answered; 'we shall be screened by the hedge. Is the gate padlocked ?' ' Yes, but I have brought the key.' He looked approvingly at the soft white hands, busy with the padlock, and noted a handsome Louis Qoicze ring upon one of the finger*. In another moment he was standing inside the gate. 'Yon haven't quite discarded this relic of old days,' he said, lightly touching the ring. 'No.' She apoke indifferently. 'Here is a seat under the trees ; we shall not be in terrupted, I think ; this part of the grounds is generally qnite deserted.' She bad led the way to a bench in the shade, and he placed himself by her side. All the world around them seemed to be asleep in the afternoon sunshine. Neither footstep, nor voices werejto be heard in the lane, and in the soft gloom of the larches and fin there was absolute re tirement. For a few seconds the two on the bench kept silence ; he toyed with his stick ; she sat motionless, lightly claaplngthe handle of her closed parasol, and letting the nicker ing shadows play over her uncovered head. 'You have kept a good deal of your old beauty, Sophy,' he remarked at last. 'Sid you send for me to tell me that?' she asked, coldly. 'No; but Ididn't think mv little compli ment would be unwelcome. You don't seem very pleased to see an old friend.' She turned her face slowly and looked at' him with, questioning eyes. 'Giles,' she said, I want to know why you have summoned me ? You belong to the past, and you have come back like a ghost. Tell me quickly what brings you here?' 'My letter told you that I was mise'sbly hard up,' he replied. 'I said, too, that I had known many trouble!'. Yet you don't speak a word of sympathy.' ' Indeed, I am very sorry for you.' She ?poke with plaintive gentleness. 'But I nave no help to give ; I am only a poor de pendent.' 'Do you euppoie I would take your money?' be asked angrily. 'I'm not sunk quite so low as that. Was I so contemptible in the old days that J ou should suspect me of meanness now ?' She looked at him again, almost implor ingly this time, and thought within heraelf that ha was little changed since those old days. The sleeping light in his large, dark grey eyes had always been very easily awakened, and they shone now with all the lustre of the past. 'Don't be angry,' she pleaded. 'I, too, have bad bitter troubles. &ix; years ago I was turned adrift on the world, and did not know where to find a home. My nerves are not so strong as they used to be ; I am sometimes terribly afraid of losing the shelter I have gained.' ' How did yon hear of Oikechurst?' ' I went to Lady Markbam in my distress, and she told me of this place. Mr. Delmont was alive then ; a letter of introduction wag written, and I came here, and saw the father and daughter. Zoe was delicate, and could not study much. She liked me in her way, and so I stayed on.' ' Did Lady Markham know the history of your married life?' A rash of color swept across her pale face. ' She knew a little,' she said, clasping and unclasping her hands. 'It was a terrible life, Giles ; lean hardly bear to think about ' He wss very bad, I suppose V 'I cannot speak of him. We went from one Continental gambling-place to another— there was no rest — no comfort — no common kindness for me ! I believe I endured every misery that a woman can know.' ' Poor Sophy, you were cruelly deceived. You thought you were going to walk through green pastures, and beside still waters ! Well, anyhow, I'm glad to find you ao pleasantly situated here.' 'By the way, Giles, how did you find me ?' ' Thaf s easily explained. There's a certain Walter Barrett who has voluntarily attached himself to my fortune*, and serve* me with the steadiest fidelity. His people live in these parts, and we are now on a visit to them. Walter, who is a garrulous lad, chattered about your little heiress, and pointed her out to me last Friday afternoon.' ' Last Friday ! We were out driving.' ' Exactly. You were sitting by her side ia the carriage, and I recognised you at the first glance. In truth, I was so glad to see you. Sophy, that I forgot to look at the heiress.' The faint flush tinged her cheek again, and she began to trifle nervously with her sun shade. He saw the momentary embarrass ment, and was amused. 'I knew at once,' he went on, ' that with your help I could obtain all I wanted. Hitherto I've been cruelly unsuccessful with heiresses ; but you will not let me fail in this case. Sophy, I have set my mind on marry ing Miss Delmpnt.' The flush vanished ; her ejes opened widely in utter astonishment, and then came a little laugh of scorn. ' Preposterous !' she said, giving her head a slight toss. 'Youmay just as well set your mind on the moon. Fifteen thousand a year ia not to be easily won by an adventurer, my dear Giles. Forgive me if I speak too plainly.' ** A great many splendid prizes are won by adventurers,' he answered, coolly. ' In fact, I think they are more lucky than yonr steady-going men. The parents and guar dians fight shy of ns, but the daughters always like us. If it hadn't been for au old mother with eyes in the back of her head I should have carried off a girl with ten thou sand a year last summer. But now that Fve lighted on the little Delmont I'm glad that the other escaped me,' ' Let me caution you against false hopes. The little Delmont is not the sort of girl who can be sentimentally wooed. She never reads poetry ; she doesn't care for novels ; she is entirely absorbed in contemplating herself and her possessions, and yet I never knew anyone who got lest enjoyment out of life. There is no channel through which you could reach her heart; in short, I don't believe tbat she has a heart at all.' He smiled. ' You need not think you axe going to scare nse cfi, Sophy. I care nothing at all about her heart, but it may be quite possible to take her fancy.' 'I have never seen her captivated in the least; she is utterly unlike any girl I have ever known. Her caprice is past belief ; if she bad a slight liking for you to-day, she wonld hate you to-morrow. She thinks and speaks of all her acquaintances, men and women, with an ineffable contempt 'They all cringe to me.' she says ; ' I could bay and sell every one of them.' It is disgusting to hear her talk.' ' Poor Sopby,' he said again, in a tone of ironical pity. ' You mnst have a great deal to bear! Evidently she is an exasperating little woman ; but I think I could manage her.' 'You are not hard-hearted enough forrach, a task. If she is ever ruled it will be wUtia rod of iron.' ?*? ° .=?- '?'- »- . ?'Ob, I've wonderfully hardened of late,' he said, looking steadily into his companion's face. 'There isn't much softness injjhe pile* Lyoncourt of to-day.' She retained bis glance thoughtfully and eadly. He was a slight, well- made man, very quiet in manner and movement; and in spite of thirty-eight years his face still kept some youthful curves about the mouth and chin. It was a face in which every feature harmonised perfectly with the rest, and although not faultlessly moulded it must have been beauti ful in boyhood. The charm of a gentle melancholy lingered about it yet, softening all the traces of a wild life, and turning blame into pity. As a child Giles Lyoncourt had often escaped punishment by reason of that peniive look, and women, especially, were seldom unmoved by its influence. 'Well,' he asked, after a pause, 'do you see many outward changes in me, Sophy f ' Not many,' she returned, frankly. 'You are sunbnrnt, and yonr hair and moustache are darker ; jes, and your face is thinner. Bat the expression is just the same.' ' You used to tell me I could make woman fond of me,' be said, laughing. 'You sea I don't forget your old flatteries !' 'Some women would like you, Giles, bat Miss Delmont is unattainable. And now, have you said all that you wanted to say?' 'Not quite all. I am in a desperate case, Sophy. You must help me to win this girt.' 'I have told you that I can do nothiig,' she answered, with some Impatience, ' I nm sorry for you ; but you know I am helpless and poor ; and I must take care of my osra fortune?.' She made a movement to tise from her seat ; but he detained her with a light toncn. 'Stey,'he said, sternly. ?' I haven'c done yet It is useless to say you can do nothing. You owe me a heavy debt, Sophy, ani the time has come for you to pay it. Tbink a moment before you refuse me.'' 'You are mao, Giles,' she said nervoosly. 'What can I do? Is Miss Delmont'd hand at ay disposal ?' 'No, but I have learnt that she k more influenced by yon than by any one else. I know your way of getting a quiet hold en cue ?who is a' wt-ys with you. Remember thst you spoiled try life, and thea consider whether it is worth your while to make this poor compecsation.' ' I hoped you bad forgiven and forgotten,' she eaid, in a shaken voice. ' In truth, Giles, I Buffered, too. We were young and foolish in those eld dujs ; our marriage wm only a dream. You knew how unfit I was to straggle with poverty. Try to think as charitably of me as you can, for the old love's sake.' 'Don't ask me any thing for the old love's sake!' His face was set ominously. 'Do yon ever realise what that love did forme? It changed my whole nature, and sent me going down hill as fast as my bitterest enemy could wieh. You gave ice hope, promise— the expectation of a wife's honoat love, -and a home. All this might have been a dream to you, but it was a reality to me. I lived upon that dream, I tolled for it day and night ; ay, and I was such an ut^r fool in those days that I even prayed for it !' There was an instant's pause, bu% she coul-3 neither move .cor speak. He wcat on piti lessly. 'Do sou remember our last parting? It was only to be a short parting, I thought ; and I wondered why your face was so cold and white, and why your words were so few? later on I did know. Even then— even while I was striving my hardest to win you a home — you were plotting your elopement with the supposed millionaire ; the man who cheated you with a sham fortune, as you had cheated me with a sham love !' He had not raised his voice, and the tone was as low and soft as if he had been talking mere drawing - room trivialities. Aay one coming suddenly upon the pair might have thought them a couple of idlers, spending a lazy hour in the fragrant shadow? of the evergreens. In front of them, on the space of velvet green, the light was warm and bright ; just over their heads a blackbird was pouring out its trills in an ecstacy of summer gladness; a lark went soaring high above them into the cloudless blue. There was another pause that lasted nearly a minute perhaps, and then, drawing a long breath, Mrs. Gssse nerved herself to speak again. 'Tell me what to do,' she said, 'and it shall be done. Every command of yours shall be obeyed at any cost. If we work together in this matter it is possible that we may succeed ; at any rate, it shall not be my fault if we fail. As for the past— well, you wculd cot listen to excuses even if I were foolish enough to make them. You can never forgive me, I know ; I wronged you more deeply than I thought. Now for yonr first directions ; how are we to begin?' She, too, had spoken very quietly, but not without a strong effort. Her cheeks and lips were perfectly colorless before she had got to the end of her speech. He looked at her sharply for a moment. ' There is to be flower those on Xaesday.' He spoke in a matter-of-fact tone. 'We are to be there,' she answered. ' I hove promised to go with the Barretts,' he went on- ' It would be a good oppor tunity for an introduction. We will meet as old friend?, you and I ; aud jou will do your best to awaken Mi=3 DelsxonVn interest in me.' ' You may rely on rue,' she said, rising. 'But you most let ate go now; I am afraid of being missed. If there is anything els 3 to say you can write.' He, too, had risen, aad wss regarding her with a curious, thoughtful look. She did not meet his glance, and they walked together to the gate. 'Goodbye, Sophy,' he said, going bick to his forrrer friendly manner. ' If I win I shall take care that you are not a loser.' 41 Good- bye,' she returned simply. Aad then he we&t; his way. Chapter IV.— After the Pbayeu mekthtg. The iocg summer Sunday was drawing to a cloEcatlaht. Evening services were over; the dcors of.theNettieford churches were shut, and, the congregations had gone to their homes. But in a certain humble little chapel, outside the town, the worshippers had lingered for a special prayer meeting. Fur seventy years this lonely tabernacle had been tte beloved resort of a small and faithful flock, and to them it was verily and indeed the house of the Lord, It stood in the angle of a field ; but when the foundation stone waa laid, the ground around it had been waste lacd, growing gorse and blackberry bushes. Nowadays, .in summer time, the purple clover pressed up close to its plain brick wails, and it could only be approached by a narrow path leading out of the highway. It was as austerely simple a building as the sternest Puritan could desire ; there was a large dosr at one end for the people, and a small one at the other end for the minister ; and the inside was as light as whitewash and common glass windows could make it. No dim, religious gloom pervaded Sion Chapel ; no carving em bellished its pulpit of wood ; no white- robed choristers conducted its service of song. The pastor gave out the hymns, and the younger men and women led the singing, just as their grandfathers and grandmothers had done bs fore them. Air. Meade had been the minister of the little meeting- house for forty years. He belonged to a race that is fast dying oct of the reUgluiu wwld — U-» r»oo ot Pu. grim a. To hint, end to these like him, the term of their earthly days was veritably a journey, end the common troubles of this world were borne much as tee traveller bears the incon veniences of a strsrge country. Bough or smooth, the way must be traversed ; it was the appointed path leading safely and surely to the happy end. And as with the troubles^ so with the joys; they were accepted grate folly, jet with the firm conviction that it was beBt to held them with a loose clasp. The 'contirjuicg city' was not here; the inheri tance of the sons of God lay beyond the con fines of earth and time, and to them it was no drea&ie; They saw it — their Canaan — in their sleeping and waking hours ; they talked of it to each other as familiarly as school boys talk of their distant home. If one wes taken early from amongTthem, what then? The Lord had spared him a weary mile or two, and had led him by a short road to the promised land. There were tears, there were heart-yearnings for the departed, but no doubts. He was waiting for them safe, and at peace, on the other side of the river. It was one of these sudden and early deaths which bad occasioned the special prayer meet icg. Quietly, and with grave looks, the little band emerged from the chapel into the soft summer dusk ; and the wind, which had been asleep all day, began to whisper to the clover blossoms. The fresh breath of the fields came sweeping into their faces as they turned towards the town again, going resolutely b&ck; to tho duties ana burdens that must be taken up on the morrow. One or two women were crying a little ; but the chief mourners were composed, and bore their sorrow with a certain quiet dignity. They were a man and woman, well stricken in years, small shop keepers, who had led a steady life and put by their savings for the son who would never want them cow. The wife, leaning hsavily on her husband's arm, came to a sudden pause in the lane, and turned her face wistfully towards the chapel door. ' I want to speak a word to Lydia Meade,' she eaid, in a low voice. Some ono who heard her stepped bick into the meeting house ; and in the next instant a young woman came quickly out, and hastened to the spot where the old couple were stand ing. ' Lydia,' said the poor mother, taking tbe girl's hand, 'you are as dear as a daughter , to me. If he had lived, you would have been my daughter indeed. There's a strong bond between you and me my dear ; you loved him, jdidn't you, Lydla?' The young woman hadagentle, modest face, that quickly revealed any passingfeeling. She colored, and her eyes filled with tears, 'I think everybody loved him,' she an swered softly. 'He was so good, Mrs. Bewick, and he is so ssdly missed. I cm'i tell how our Sunday-school will get on without him.' 'Another will be rsised up to take his place,' said the father, solemnly; if a the Lord's work, and He will find hands to do it,' ' You'll never forget that you belonged to him, Lydia,' the mother went on, ' You gave him jour promise on that last ni^ht; ah, dear, how little we knew it would be the last. And you had never promised any man before?' 'Never.' 'No, no ; jou were always slow in mikirg friends with young men ; he used to say so. Good night, Lydia ; you'll come and see me tomorrow.' ' I will come, Mrs. Berwick ; good night, may God bless and comfort you.' The minister and his daughter did not liv ; in the town, but dwelt in a little cottage nearly a mile away from the chapel. Their shortest route was a footpath running acros the fields, so narrow that they could no walk side by side, and so pleasant in summer that they loved it better wan any other way The minister went first with his white head slightly bent, and his thoughts still busy with the sorrowing members of his flock. Lydia followed, looking out absently over the purple acres, and wondering vaguely at that inner self ot which she had caught a glimpse to-night. Be was dead— this good David Bsrrick, whose wife she had promised to be— aad people had met her with kind looks aud words of earnest sympathy. And yet (she hardly dared to acknowledge the truth to herself) the summer air had never been sweeter to her than it was this evening; the green earth had never looked fairer than now. Every breeze that stirred the clover blossoms breathed ot freedom ; was she, then, so glad to ba set at liberty that she could not grieve ; Ah, no ; her heart was too tender to bear tbe sorrow of others without pain. And stie nad wept hocest tears with tbe poor parents ia the chapel tbat night, Tbe first impulse of every true mourner is to cling to those who were nearest to the lost. And Lydia, always intensely true, had been ehocked to feel tbat she had no such jeajnirjgs after David's friends. She longed to give coau'ert, but ber oto house was not kfttticbir desolate; aud so conscious, was ftbelof ibis lack of deep regret that the almost shrank from the poor mother's clasp ins hand. That simple question— *' Yon loved him, didn't yon, Lydia?' had stung her with a keen sense of self -reproach. She had always secretly feared that she did aot love him well enough ; bat to-night she knew that she had never loved him at all. Her feeling for him had been a cool, kindly Ukicg, growing out of old acquaintance, and a sincere belief in his merit. Nothing more. Had there been but one grain of true love, this sudden death would have Increased it tenfold. The lover slighted while he lives is often idealised when he dies. ' If he had been spared,' eajs the wayward heart, 'I would have given him a lifetime of devotion.' But not one call for the dead arose from Ljdia's soul ; there was nothing within her that cried 'comeback'; and yet she would have given much to have felt a pang of deeper Eorrojr. Lydia Meade had always been a good child, one of those children with whom old fashioned training seemed to agree marvel lously well. At nineteen she was a good woman and an excellent housewife, managing her father's small household with quiet tact. For three years tbe minister had been a widower : but in the daughter's life the mother lived still. Her education had been conducted on the old Puritan system ; she had never read a scciety novel, and had never seen anything in the shape of a play, save Punch and Judy. And even when Punch's four-legged theatre W8* tet up in a neighboring field she had been half afraid to contemplate that spec tacle of triumphant villainy to the end. It wss waste of time, if nothing worse ; a foolish Equanderiog of those precious moments of which she must hereafter give account to her Maker. Acd yet, although novels acd plays were forbidden, she had her visions of love. It is true that they were only visions of the stuff that dreams are made of, but they exercised a very real influence upon her daily life. And, strange to say, the imaginary lover who played a leading part in these fan tasies wbs ss unlike as possible to the sub stantial lover who had wooed her in tbe every, day world. The unreal hero had no particular ? occupation ; he was tall, slim, and refined ; the real hero was devoted to the baking business, a&d; was short, burly, and somewhat biunt of speech. Yet the phantom had been poor David's most formidable rival. A^toou.., eand times he {had congratulated himself ont having a clear field : but the invisible antago nist wss meeting him at every turn, and foil icg all his attempts to win the prize. And then, after twelve months of vaio. effort, David had opened his heart to the minister, snd won a favorable hearing. It had been difficult to make Ljdia understand his attentions ; she had persisted in regarding them as proofs of aa old friendship, and he had lacked courage§ta plainly declare hu lave. Would Mr. Meade speak for him. The minister was an old man, and, although fcc bad an unworldly nature, he could not ba blind to tbe advantages ofiercd to his child. It was nearly time for him to cross the river, but it might be long before she could follow ; would it not be veil to leave her in safe keeping on the earthly side? The Berricks, in their UEpretcEticus tyay, were prosperous ; tley were richer than maay of the Urge shopkeepers cf Nctt'efcrd. Moreover, there wes genuine gcousts5 :u I-a»id ; he bad started early in life on the road to the Celes tial City, and Lj -3ia ^ranid never fisd him a cleg to her scuL So it came to pass thai the father ploi'led David's cause, far more effectually than David could have pleaded for himself; fcnd Lydia suffered herself to be won. One evening there was a solemn fanily gathering in the minister's cottaga. The old people conversed gravely among themselves, end David talked with Lvdia in the garden. And after a little while tbe expectant el.icrj 8SW them returning to the house togsthe?, and beard David's formal announcement tha; she hed promised to be his wife. Everybody was satisfied, apparently ; the parents betrayed their joy in a sober fashion, and good David was fairly glowing with delight. Ljdiacid not care to look at him when he glowed. The phantom lover cicao glidlcg in betwixt her and that honest red face, and she turned away to hide her own palecefs. David took his first kiss that night, and it was the coldest kits that ever was given by mortal maiden. Early on the next morning the happy lover started off to a remote village on the Devon shire coast. He had a bachelor unsle there, a thriving farmer; and it was understood that Uncle John would do something handsome for David on his marriage. Devonshire was a long way off; bat when her betrothed was gcte, it must be confessed that Lydia ex perienced a cense of relief. Nearly a week went by, and then came the sad cevs that gave her back her freedom. David was drowned ; he had gone to bathe, lebvirg bis domes upon the rocky shore, and a strong current had carried him away. The spot was dangerous to bathers, but the poor fellow bad been unwarned of its perils, aud had gone blindly to his doom. TJaclts Johu was old, and either callous or stupid. He seemed to take his nephew's death with great composure, and the parents never afterwards forgave bis indifference. 1c w&s; now a fortnight since Lydia had heard the melancholy tidings. Poor Divid had been the superintendent of the little Sunday-school, and tbis evening they had been praying that they might be guided in their choice of a successor. How sad and stracge it all was ! But the saddest and strangest thing was this wicked feeling of liberty, which Lydia could not stifle, let her do what she would. While she pondered, they were nearlng borne. The clover field was crossed, the stile climbed, and the minuter was waiting for her to come and walk by his side. He seemed to respect her desire for silence. Morevcr, it was sot usual .for him to talk much en a Sunday evening, when he was fatigued with the labors of the day. They went on quietly together across a tract of breezy common where the golden wild flowers of Jucc were scattered profusely over the short grass, [and the thyme gave oat it* fra grance under their tread. Aad then, through an open gate, they entered another meadow, cow just ready for the mowing. Here there was a wide way, forros'cd by the tracks of heavy wheels ; on each side rose tbe tall grass, full of clover tassels asd or-eyo daisies', rustling softly in the vesper vrlni. Those great daibies, with their broad yellow discs and white rays, had an indescribable cbarm for Lydia. At the sight of their bold bright faces *he forgot ber troubled thoughts, aid ttcoped to gather them. Mr, Meade glanced at her in silent surprise. Here she was, plucking daiaies with all the eager pleasure of a child, and DavH, her premised husband, was lying in his watery grave. She returned to his side with a hisd lul cf flowers ; and then, meeting his grave eyes, she flushed, and felt guilty and sad. 'They'll all be cut down in a day or two,' she remarked, in a tone of apology. 'My days are like a shadow that declined; and I am withered like grass,' eaid the minister solemnly. The little cottage stood in a corner of the meadow, and had its garden and orchard pro tected by a low fence. Beyond the meadow and fence lay a wide pasture, with footpaths running through it to a neighboring village. No other house waa sear Mr. Meade's dwel ling ; the green pasture;, shaded by fino old trees, and the broad meadow, with its gay, wild flowers, divided him from the habitations of his fellow men. Nancy, the young servant, had gone home before the prayer meeting, and opened the door at the first click of the gate. Instead of going at once to her own room to lay aside her bonnet, Lydia passed the girl, and went out torcogh the pa-sage to the bsck of the house. The garder, well stocked with serviceable vegetables, was also rich in old- fashioned flowers. It had cost Lydia & pang to go to chapel without the ftccustomed nosegay on her bodice ; bat, for the sake of appearances, ebe had ?worn her plain black gown unrelieved by a single blossom. And now here were her beloved roses, welcoming her back among them, and liftiog their sweet faces to ber as she passed along the path. The maiden-blush, delicately fragrant; the rich damask; the pleasant old-world cabbage-rose— hosr well ebe knew them all ! She had walked along this very path often eseugh with David, but the flowers had never had BDjthing to say to him. And one day when she had gathtred a dainty bud for his button-bole, she had fancied that it looked odaiy out ot place there. Poor, dear, good David, why was it that he hai never succeeded in getting near her heart ? There waa no division between the garden and the orchard. When you had passed all the rose bashes and had come to the end of the trim rows of vegetables, you found your self under the boughs of the apple trees. The blossoms and seeds from the garden were ever straying into the orchard, and you often met with unexpected flowers in the soft grass. It was a leafy, dreamy little plaoo, full of the warm lights and tremulous auadovra &H; day, and haunted by mysterious whispers iti the evening. Whenever Lydia chanced to be troubled in her mind, she always betook herself to the orchard. Her trials had been few ; the only deep grief she had ever known was the death of her mother, and the teachings that she had imbibed from childhood forbade her to'sorrow as those that had no hope. Moreover, she felt the subtle poetry of that faith which flings its sunshine upon the other side of the mystic river, and her mind was at rest. But tonight, somewhat dissatisfied with her own mood, she wanted to examine herself and be still. It was now little more than half-past eight ; and supper was deferred till nine, that the Bjlcieter might meditate awhile in solitude. She we&t; slowly along the narrow track under the apple tree;, unconsciously humming an old hymn tune, and Sttening to the faint, soothing rustle of the long grass. Suddenly from the top of the orchard cam ; the sound of a sweet tenor voioe singing, no - a fijmn, alas 2 bat the words of one of Byron'* songs. Lydia, now close to the boundary fence, stood still to listeD, in spite of the warning of conscience. The voice was so mellow, the song ao thrilling and aad, that she felt as if Bhe were under a spell :— « When we two parted In silence and tears. Half broken-hearted, To sever for year?. Pale grew thj cheek and cold. Colder thy Hub; Troly tbat hour foretold Sorrow to this. ' The dew of the morning Sunk chill on my brow It felt like the warning Of what I feel now. Tby tows are all broken, And light is thy fame ; X hear thy name spoken. And share in its shame.' ( To be continued, J 