TIlE.SALVATION. ARIIW;. \-------. The Rov,.E..L, .Watkin, retiring preas.. dent of the Wesleyan conference, thus, .spoke upon the above subject in his an-. nunal address. on Tuesd?sy.-'"Another, important event in.the rielgiou. hlistory, of the colonies has been the arrival of the, ialvutihA Arr y. Tu dutrlvatlou Army aI," one. of the most.remiirkable roligoanimuver :ments of the century.. There is. a goodl deal in connection with it which few: off us cep admire. The addresses of some off its ollicers snd:the lemarks.of.mainy'ofits, converts are offensive to good taste..Suoh, language from our lips would be. irrove- rent. But we must not forget that many( of those who use this langusag have been, lifted out of the mire. They, have been, accuslomod.to.uso coarse language, andi thoey, are not intentionally irreverent. But: while. wo cannot admire the- appar- ent fllppaney with which the sacred.namesa of God and Jesus and the .oly Ghost are. 'uttered in their meetings andu riuted in. their publications,. while weo casnot ap- 'prove of some of the. methods. employed,, do.ndt lot us close our eyes .to the good,. which. the Salvation Army is accomplish ing. It is reaching a stratum ofsociety: which all the churches have failed; tore, or less to.roach. There are hundreds,, if: not thousands, in the colonies who are liv-. ing ,better' lives, than they, did. a. year., ago, who have, been bonefittod,by the. Salvation Army. Men who have boen, notorious drunkards are living sober andl godly lives. Criminals have' been re- formed, prodigals have been: reelaimed, homes, which have boon the scenos, of.' dirt, and disorder, and'wretohedness, are. now abodes of comfort.. We should; be. poor sons of our methodist ancestors if; we didnot rejoice over results like these.. I do not think that there is any, necessity, for-many of the extravagances and ecuon tricities of the Salvation.Army.. It sue-. coeds not because of them, but in.spite of. 'them. Early Methodism told on. the. .masses, without being irreverent, with- out being coarse,, without taking the, slang, of the street corner, in-. to.its public addresses,, without disturb- ing, the quiet of.the Sabbath by the harsh, clangor of illplayed; brass, instruments,. 'and modern Methodism, might. do the. same. But we in Victoria: have not. done it. A scheme for. offective evangel-. istie works in Melbourne and the suburbs, was proposed some years.ago by the Rev.. John 1%atsford, but our church did not. work it.. Are we then toaind fault with, the Salvation. Army for doing awork roughly which we, ourselves. have failedi to (do P Are we to imitate the. mistaken. zeal of John, and say, " Master, we saw.. one casting out devils in: thy name, and: we forbad him because. he followeth not. us.: Is not the salvation armry to. some. oxtent.a rebuke to our own. and other.. ,churches ? If:as many of:ue.thinl, there. is. so much that is.obpjfctionable in, 9alva tion Army tacties,.oughlt.we not. to. show. the. masses " a more excellent.way.-'.One. .of the reasons why I hope for, a union of,' the Methodist churches, of, Australia is. that if a union were offote'd9. we should, be able to.do a work for. the non:churoh, going population of the coloniesi and to, do it better than it is being done by, the. Salvation Army."-" Bondigo Advertiser."' The. "Adelaide Observer"' gives the, following good advice :--As soon as the, crops aroe gathored it would be well to, harrow the fields. if possible to lightly. cover the various seeds, so.that they may; spring up with.tho first copious rains. fIt they are then.ploughedlud udr. deeply the. field will be cleanad. If, on the other. hand, the. seeds are. ploughed under a depth of several inches, the.field;' will re-. main dirty for many years, becaºpe there. are many kinds of seed (partioularly of' the OatS tribe) that will remain, dormant in the soil if buried more than throoe inhes; deep, TINAT HUSBAND OF MINE is three. times the man ae was before he began using. "Wolls' IHealth Renewer." Druggists.: Mo;ose,. 11ose and Co,, Bydneyi Oeneralj 4Aent, 