A REMARKADLE TOBACCO-I:OX. On a certain dull afternoon a week or two ago the table in the sombre little vestry of St. Margaret's, Westminster, gro'.ne under a brillant display of church plate. Golden chalices, golden cups, golden dishes, and a certain wonderful tobacco-ho : (we le.-:, it those learned in matter' ecclesi:ratiai t, decide whether such a profan, article :a.ay . ranked as church plat(), towering -.e all formed a group such as would have delighted any connoisseur. In 171.3, one hundred and seventy-one y ears ago, ace rt1in He::ry , onck, a genial soul, took home with him from St." Ba-rtholomew's Fair a horn tobacco-ho.i, for which he had paid the humble sum of four pence. This Monck was o0)0 of fort. ovr seers of the parish of St. Maraarct's West minster, and the happy thought occ-:rr:'e to him to present it filled to his thirty-; ni colleagues, and year after year was p:ro,:u:c',d at their weekly meetings, well filled wnith the choicest and mostfraPgrantleave of the tbl,ac.o plant. Forty overseers rel~:ing arfter busi ness was over, each pudlingfrom along church warden, must have beena boo-lly sight, `Io' h . it does occur to one that te? tobacco-b,-,x, wh;ch is about two inches square, murat have had some ofthe properties of thewido- rruse. If the ghost of the genii .aonea r ee al' s the carth, and looks in ocithe 'n;vi '-al-athcr ing, of his brethren in t-h. .ear ef oeer 'L(rd 1 {8"-the custom now is to prnuc' "'- h,': twice a year'-he wonl ?,?e high-ly: ter, and perhaps a iittle surp'isved, at:. h, irwt of his gift. For, to put iS p lain, ;',o cit ul once he carried to the ?eet::i?g in his ,reecheis pocket is now a goodly iurlden for four whceled cab; and even then, it is said, the driver asks for double fare. At first a. modest silver rim, with MIonuck's nam inscribed ther on, was placed round the old r,x ; and yenr after year became the custom to rec"ord on a silver hand the important event of year, somne times national, sonmetimnes purely local:, som times an emblematical device, sometimes a portrait of the hero of the hour. Then a dainty tobaeeo-stopper of smother-of-lp::'!. attached by a chain to the box was addd. Time rolled on, vestryn:e.n were born, restry men were laid quietly in their graves., and a velvet-lined silver case was, in which reposed the orignal, now a coruscation of :Ilver orna ments, richly chased and nd emossed : thern :n other and another. And now this singular trophy consists of seven distinct parts. ea::h fitting into the other like the pieces of : Japanese puzzle. Of these one is morn, four are silver, and two of cak:. T'he last one, it is estimated, will cover a period of e;ghty or ninety years. The earlier plates and various inscriptions are most exq-iisite'iy engra;ved in later days the art seems to hove been lost. In the second case the famous Wii:ke-who, oddy enough, was a churchwarder of St. Ja,',arecr's in 1759-squints up at oneffrom the bottom of the box; then we have a medallion of (leor-; III., an altar-piece, an engraving of the over seers administering relief to the poor. West minister Abbey, an engraving executed by Hogarth, battlefields and naval cngagenir::t.-. such as Waterloo and Trafalgar, the t!i:a of Queen Caroline, portraits of George V., of Pitt, Fox, and other famous statesmen. The Queen and the members of her family figure prominently in later days, and one of the last plates is an engraving of sMr Belt's statue of Lord Beaconsfield. but in the small space at our disposal it would be impossible togive even a catalogue of the curious records here to be found. As we have said, it is produced twice a year to the body of assembled over seers, and during his ofiice one of them is res ponsible for it:; safe custody. " This bc::," so I runs the charge, "and the several cases are the property of the Past Overseers' Society, and delivered into your custod:ly and care, I upon condition that they are produced at all parochial entertainments which you sihal! he invited to, and shall contain three pipes of tobacco at least, under the penalty of six bottles of wine. Claret is the tipple pre scribed; but no instance is recorded as a failure to obey thile D:nconian law. One"- or twice indeed the relic has boca in jeop"rdy ;, once in its youthful days from a tllief, a second time from a recaicitra:t and nnr-v v stryman. Intrinsically iT would not n!t ! down for such. As a curiosity it is to 1t cherished and cared for with veneration. Pall Mall Gazelle. 