TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1884. GHOST OF THORNTON could hardly have expected that this letter wouId appear in its present form when he sat down to pen the diatribe respecting the authorship of the prayer with which Mr. Philip Webster purposes opening a public meeting at Fremantle tomorrow evening, and which, at the sacrifice of a considerable amount of space, we thought proper to give pub- licity to in our impression of yesterday. . The personal allusions are ungenerous and unbecoming, if not cruel; while, as to the jeremiade re the quality and quantity of reading matter, we discard it as a matter of course. ln view of French relations with China (observes St. James' Gazette) it is interest- ing to remember by whom the policy of that mysterious empire is directed. The pre- sent Emporer. Kwang-See, is little more than 14 years old ; but he will attain his majority on the 31st of next July, when he will complete his 15th year. Since the death of the last sovereign, affairs of State have been administered by his mother, the Princess of Ch'un. When Kwang- See is politically '' of age " the Government will be conducted in his name ; but for years to come he will, of course, be tied to his mother's apron- strings, or whatever may be their Celestial equivalent. At present the young Emperor's only care is the ac- quisition of his own language, which even for a Chinaman to the manner born is a sufficiently difficult business. Three hours each, day are devoted to this exhilarating pastime, after which the Emperor eats his dinner with a pair of ivory and gold chop- sticks. When he is free of his teachers he is fond of exercising himself in horseman- ship in the gardens of the vast Imperial Palace at Peking. Sir Samuel Wilson, who is acknowledged to be one of the wealthiest of retired Aus- tralian colonists, appears to be gaining popularity among the aristocracy of Eng- land; but he is the object of some not very complimentary remarks of the correspon- dent of a leading Melbourne journal, who writes thus of him : — Sir Samuel Wilson (late of Ercildoune, Victoria, and now lessee of Hughenden Manor) has achieved re- markable success in getting amongst society." The other day the son of the Lord Chancellor (Earl of Selborne) was married to the eldest daughter of the Marquis of Salisbury, and Sir Samuel Wilson was one of the 300 guests who breakfasted at the Marquis's mansion after the ceromony and heard the Prime Minister, of England propose the health of the happy couple. "How has he done it?" Austra- lians are, with real touch of envy, asking one another. " Simply by virtue of money and 'cheek, " is the general reply. When Sir Samuel came home he obtained an intro duction to the Duke of Manchester, Presi- dent of the Royal Colonial Institute, and, through the Duke, was introduced to the Prince of Wales. Fortune favors the courageous, or rather the " cheeky," now- a-days, and the influence of the almighty dollar is immense. Sir Samuel succeeded in gaining the acquaintance of one and another, and at last had the good fortune to secure admission to this wedding break- fast, presenting the bride on the occasion with a handsome gift. This paragraph reads as though penned after a bilious attack. Anyhow, it represents the Anglo- Australian feeling. There is about Sir Samuel Wilson a good deal of the ostenta- tious " purse-proudism" which is particu- larly disagreeable to modest and refined minds, and which recalls to one's memory the typical lucky digger in the glorious old Bendigo days, who, because champagne was worth £10 a bottle, would have bottles thereof instead of ninepins when playing in a bowling alley. Sir Samuel Wilson is feasting the good people of Buckingham- shire most liberally, and is paving the way to electoral popularity. It is definitely stated that Sir Samuel means to stand for Bucks in the Conservative interest at the next general election, which will probably be in 1884 if the Lords throw out the new Reform Bill. 