FISHER'S GHOST. (From the Family Worid.) In the Colony of New South Wales; a place called Penrith, distance from Sydney about thirty seven miles, lived a farmer named Fisher, he had been originally trans ported, but he became free by servitude. Unceasing toil and great steadiness of charac ter had acquired for him a considerable pro perty for a person in his station in life. His lands and stock were not worth less than four thousand pounds. He was unmarried, and was about forty-five years old. Suddenly Fisher disappeared; and one F of his neighbours-a man named Smith gave out that he had gone to England, but would return in two or three years. Smith produced a document. purporting to I to be executed by Fisher, ; and, according to this document, Fisher had appointed Smith as agent during his absence. Fisher was a man of very singular habits and eccentric character, and his silence about his departure, instead of creating surprise, was declared to be "exactly like him." About six months after Fisher's disap pearance, an old man called Bob Weir, who had a small farm near Penrith, and who also drove his own cart to market, was returning from Sydney one night, when he beheld seated on a rail which bounded the road-Fisher. The night was very dark, and the distance of the fence from the middle of the road was at least twelve yards. Weir, nevertheless saw Fisher's figure seated on a rail. He pulled his old mare up, and called out : " Fisher is that you I" No answer was returned; but there, still on the rail, sat the form of the-man with whom he had been on such intimate terms. Weir -who was not drunk, although he had taken several glasses of strong liquor on the road-jumped off his cart, and approached the rail. To his surprise the form vanished. '*Well," exclaimed old Weir, "this is very curious, anyhow I" and breaking several branches off a sapling, so as to mark the exact spot, he remounted his cart, put his old mare into a jog-trot, and soon reached his home. Ben was not likely to keep.this vision a secret from his old woman. All that `e had seen he faithfully related to her. "Hold your nonsense, Ben !" was old Betty's reply. You know you have been a-drinking and disturbing of your imagina tions. Ain't Fisher a-gone to England 1 And if he had a-come back, do you think we shouldn't a-heard on it !" "Ay, Betty !" said old Ben "but he'd a cruel gash in his forehead, and the blood was all fresh like. Faith, it makes me shudder to think on't. , It were his ghost." "How can you talk so foolish, Ben I" said the old women. "You must be drunk surely, to get on about ghostesses." "I tell thee I am not drunk," replied old Ben angrily. "There's been foul play, Betty; I'm sure on't. There sat Fisher on the rail-not more than a matter of two miles from this. Egad, it were on his own fence he sat. There he was, in his shirt sleeves, with his arms a-folded; just as lie used to sit when he was awaiting for anyone coming up the road. Bless you, Betty, I seed'im till I was as close as I am to thee ; when, on a sudden he vanished like smoke." "Nonsense, Ben; don't talk of it," said old Betty, "or the neighbours will only laugh at you. Come to bed, and you'll forget all about it before to-morrow morning." Old Ben went to bed, but he did not next morningforget all about what he had seen on the previous night; on the contrary, he was more positive than before. However, at the earnest and often-repeated request of the old woman, he promised not to mention having seen Fisher's ghost, for fear that it might expose him to ridicule. On the following Thursday night, when old Ben was .returning from market-again in his cart-he saw seated upon the same rail, the identical apparition. He had pur posely abstained from drinking that day, and was in the full possession of all his senses. On this occasion old Ben was too much alarmed to stop. He urged the old mare on. and got home as speedily as possible. As soon as he had unharnessed and fed the mare and taken the purchases out of the cart, he entered his cottage, lighted his pipe, sat over the fire with his better half, and gave her an account of how he hal disposed of his pro duce, and what he had brought back from Sydney in return. After this he said to her: "Well, Betty, T'm not drunk to-night, anyhow, nm I ' " No," said Betty. You are quite sober, th sensible-like to-night, Ben; and therefore ye you have come home without any ghost in your head. Ghosts ! Don't believe there is ar such things." "Well you are satisfied I am not drunk, but perfectly sober," said the old man. "Yes, Ben," said- Betty. "Well, then," said Ben, "I'll tell thee what, Betty; I saw Fisher to-night again !" " Stuff!" cried old Betty. " You may say stuff," said the old farmer; "but I tell you what--I saw him as plainly as I did last Thursday night.' Smith is a bad 'un! Do you think' Fisher would ever have left this country without comi,.to. bid you and me good-bye" " It's all fancy !" said old Betty. " Now drink your grog and smoke your pipe, and think no more about the Ghost.t I won't hear on't." "I'm as fond of my grog and >my pipe as most men;" 'said old Ben; But 1l'm not going to drink anything to-night. It may be - all fancy, as you call it, but I'm now going to tell Mr Grafton all I saw, and what I think ;" and with this he got up and left the house. Mr Grafton was a gentleman who lived about a mile from old Weir's farm. He had been formerly a lieutenant in the navy, but was now on half pay, and was moreover in the commissioui f the peace. When old Ben arrived at Mr .Grafton's house Mr Grafton was about to retire to bed; but he requested old Ben might be shown in. He desired the farmer: to take a seat by the fire, and then inquired what was the latest news in Sydney. "' The news in Sydney, sir, is very small," said old Ben; " Wheat is falling, but maize still keeps its price-- seven and sixpence a bushel; but I want to tell you, sir, something that will astonish you." . "What is it Ben T' asked. Mr Grafton, " Why, sir" resumed old Ben, " you know I am not a weak-mihinded man, nor a fool exactly; for I was born and bred in York- shire." " No, Ben, I don't bylieve you to be weak minded man, nor a fool," said Mr Grafton; " but what can you have to say that you came at this late hour, and that you require such a preface ', "That I have seen the ghost of Fisher, sir," said the old man; and he detailed the particulars of which the reader is already in possession. Mr Grafton was at first disposed to think, with old Betty, that Ben had seen Fisher's ghost through an extra glass or two of rum on the first night; and that, on the second night when perfectly sober, he was unable to divest himself of the idea pre- viously entertained. But, after a little con sideration, the words "' How very singular !" involuntarily escaped him. " Go home, Ben," said Mr Grafton, " and let me see you to-morrow at sunrise. We will go together to the place where you say you saw the ghost." Mr Grafton used to encourage the aboriginal natives of New South Wales i (that race which has been very aptly de scribed as "the last link in the human chain") to remain about his premises. At the head of a little tribe they encamped on l Mr Grafton's estate with a sharp young man named J?ohniy Crook. The peculiar faculty of the aboriginal natives of New South Wales of tracking the human foot not only 1 over grass but over the hardest rock, and r tracking the whereabouts of runaways by I signs imperceptible to civilized eyes, is well known; and this man, Johnny Crook, was famous for his skill in this peculiar art of tracking. He had recently been instru mental in the apprehension of several des perate'bushrangers, ~whom he had tracked over twenty-seven miles of rocky country and fields, which they had crossed bare-footed, in the hope of checking the black fellow in the progress of this keen pursuit with the horse police. When old Ben Wier made his appearance in the morning at Mr Grafton's house, the black chief, Johnny Crook, was summoned to I attend. He came and brought with him Sseveral of his subjects. The party set out, old Wier showing the Sway. The leaves of the branches of the a saplings which had been broken on the first night of seeing the ghost were withered, and I sufficiently pointed out the exact rail on Swhich the phantom was represented to have Ssat. There were stains upon the rail s Johnny Crook, who then had no idea of what he was required for, pronounced these "stains to be ".white man's blood," and, after i searching about for some time, he pointed to aspot whereon he said a human body had d been laid. r, In New South Wales long droughts are Snot very uncommon, and not a single shower o of rain had fallen for seven months previously \- -not sufficient even to lay the dust upon the b- road. e In consequence of the time that had e elapsed, Grook had no small difficulty to I contend with; but in about two hours he succeeded in tracking the footsteps of one :e man to the unfrequented side of a pond at some distance. He gave it as his opi nion that another man had been dragged 1 thither. d The savage walked round and round the w pond, eagerly examining its borders and the sedges and weeds springing up around :t it. At first he seemed baffled. No clue in had been washed ashore to show that any e thing unusual had been sunk in the pool; r, but having finished this examination, he f laid himself down on his face and looked n keenly along the surface of the smooth and it stagnant water., Presently he jumped up; uttered a, cry, n peculiar to the natives when gratified by in finding some long sought object, clapped his e hands, and, pointing to the middle of the r- pond, to where the decomposition of some d' sunken substance had produced a slimy coat ,s. ing streaked with prismatic colours he ex :h claimed : n. "White man's fat" s . The pond was immediately searched; and re below the spot indicated, the remains of a Lie body were discovered. A large' stoie'aid era rotten silk handkerchief were found. near n the body; these had been used-to sinkit. \- That it was the body of Fisher there could m be no question. It might have been ident to fied by the teeth, but on the waistcoat there were some large brass buttons which were it, recognised, both by Mr Grafton and old Ben Weir, asF Fisher's property. He had worn those buttons on his waiistcoat for several years. • Leaving the body by the side of the pond, and old.Ben and the blacks to guard it, Mr Grafton cantered ,up to Fisher's house. of Smith was not only in possession of all the re missing man's propertiy, but had removed. to a Fisher's house. It was about a mile and sm a .halft distance. They inquired for Mr Smith. Mr Smith, who. was at break- P fast, came out and invited _Mr Grafton . to alight; -Mr Giafton accepted the invritation, I c and after a few desultory observations, st said : t• " Mr iSmith; I am -anxious to purchase a piece of land on the other side 'of the road belonging to this:estate, and I would give t. a-?air prce for it. Have you the power a to sell" "?? ' " Oh, yes, sir," replied Smith. "'The power which I hold from. Fisher is a general I power ;" he forthwith produced a document purporting to be signed by Fisher, but which t -was not witnessed. ,' Tf you are not very busy, I should like to a show you the piece of land I allude to," said Mr Grafton. f "Oh, certainly, sir. I am quite at your service," said Smith; and he . then ordered his horse to be saddled. It was necessary to pass the pond where the remains of-Fisher's body were then ex posed. When they came near to the spot,I Mr Grafton, looking Smith full in the face, said : " Mr Smith, I wish to show you something. Look here !" He pointed to the decomposed body, and naturally watching Mr Smith's countenance, remarked: "These are the re mains of Fisher. How do you account 'for them being foundin this pond !" I Smith, with the greatest coolness, got off his horse, minutely examined the remains, and then admitted that there was no doubt they were Fisher's. He confessed himself at a loss to account for their discovery, un less it would be (he said) that someboby had waylaid him on the road when he left his home for Sydney; had murdered him for the gold and bank notes which he had about his person, and had then thrown him into the pond. "1My hands, thank heayen !" he continued are clean. If my old friend could come to life again he would tell you that I had no hand in this horrible murder." SMr Grafton knew not what to think. He was not a believer in ghosts. Could it be possible, he began to ask himself, that old i Weir had committed this crime, and, finding it weigh heavily on his conscience, and fear ing that he might be detected, had trumped up the story about the ghost, had pretended that he was led to the spot by supernatural agency, and thus, by bringing, the murder voluntarily to light, hoped to stifle all sus picion I" But then he considered Weir's excellent character, his kind disposition and good nature. These at once put to flight his suspicion of Wier ; but still he was by no means satisfied of Smith's guilt, much as appearances were against him. Fisher's. servants were examined, and stated that their master had often talked of going to England on a visit to his friends, t and of leaving Mr Smith ,o manage his I farm ; and that, though they were surprised when Mr- Smith came in and said he had r "gone at last," they did-not'think it at all 1 unlikely that he had done so. An inquest. was held,.and a verdict of "Wilful murder' i found against Thomas Smith. He was there upon transmitted to Sydney for trial at the 1 ensuing sessions in the supreme court. The case naturally excdited great interest in the f colony; sand: public opinion respecting Smith'saguilt was evenly balanced. The day of'tiial came; and'thie court was Scrowded almost to suffocation. The Attorney SGeneral very truly remarked that there were clrcumnstances connected with the case which was without any precedent in the annals of jurisprudence. The only witnesses were old Weir and Mr Grafton. Smith, who defended ehimself with great composure and ability, cross-examined-them at considerable length, oand with consummate skill. The prosecution having closed, Mr Smith addressed the jury (which consisted of military officers) in his Sdefence. He admitted that the circumstan e; ces were strong against him;' but he most t 1 ingeniously proceeded to explain them. . The d power of itattorney, which he produced, he n contended had been regularly granted by e Fisher, and he called several witnesses, who . swore that they believed the signature to be t that of the deceased. He further produced a e will which hiad beenr drawn up by Fisher's r attorney, and by that will Fisher had ap pointed Smith his sole executor in the d event of his death. He declined, he said, to throw any suspicion on Weir, but he would e appeal-to the common sense of the jury r whether the ghost story is entitled to any y credit; and if it were not, to ask themselves e why it had been invented I He added to the fact--which in cross-examination Mr Grafton A swore to-that when the remains were o first shown to him, -he did not conduct e himself as a guilty man would have been e likely to . do, although he was horror d stricken on beholding the hideous spec \- tacle. He-concluded by invoking the d Almighty to bear witness that he was inno cent of the diabolical crime for which he had e been anrraigned The judge (the' late Sir Ld Fraticis:Forbes) recapitulated the evidence. d It was no. easy matter to deal with that e part.which had reference to the apparition; \- and if the charge of the judge had any lean ; ing one way or the other, it was decidedly e in favor of an acquittal. The jury retired, d but after deliberating for seven hours, they d retirned a ierdict of '! Guilty," 'land Smith was hanged. . .. . [The facts of this strange story have been y vouched for by "Rob Lowe," qli8. Lord Sh elmioixrne, 'the Rev. Dr. Iiig arid .other e Australian notabilities.a--Ed. F. I.] 