A CASTLE IN SPAIN. CHAPTER XXXI. IN WHICH THE WHOLE PABTY FIND THEM SELVES EN A HAUNTED CASTLE. At the opening of the door, and the sound of the voice, Ashby started back and retreated. He was very much puzzled at the Irtih brogue, and conld only think th»t a stray Paddy: -might be among the Carhsts. However, tnere was no time to wait, so be sought to regain the fireplace. Bnt, as he did. so, a figure came in his way, arms were flung about him, and a low faint whisper came close to his ear : — ' '" " " Oh, Assebi 1 I am Dolores ; that other is Mrs BnwelL Fly, or yon are lost !" Here was a new Bhock for Ashby, but he did not lose his presence of mind. The new-oomsr was still at the door. He was not followed. All this he noted as he stood for a moment or so holding Dolores in his arms. As for Mrs Bnssell, nothing conld_ exceed her amazement and terror, when " his Majesty " came in behind her at the very moment when she sup posed herself to be in "hi Majesty's" arms. It was unintelligible — nay, even frightful " Weren't you — your Majesty— hero — just now?" Bhe stammered. "Me? Us? Here? Diril a bitav ns! We've just come," was the reply. > " But who was it? Some one was here." " Some one J" said " his Majesty." " Oh, maybe it was onr r 'y'l footstep." "No — but some one was talking Spanish," " Wslkin' Spanish, ye mane," replied the august monarch. " Shure nobody's been talkin' Spanish here at all at all." " But, your Majesty, Borne one was here— talking to me — close to me." " Shure it was one av the gyerruls," " No ; it was a — s m«n 1"' "A man I" exclaimed" hi3 Majesty." in' sur prise. "Yes." " What I here in this room ?" "Yes." "Shure ye've been dramin', so ya have ; or else — maybe it was the castle ghost." " The ghost," groaned II rs Russell. " Oh, your Majesty 1 Oh, my own one ! Oh, save me 1 Don't— don't let it come near me I" And flinging her arms around the royal person, Mrs Busscll clung to it, robbing hysterically. " Shure — whisht, will yez, or ye'll waken up the gyerruls," said the monarch. " I'll protect yez, if ye'll let me, so I will." " Ob I" said Mrs Russell, clinging more closely, " do you hear that !" » What ?" " That noise." " What noise ?" " I heard n wow- wow- whisper I" sobbed the lady. "A whisper — nonsinsc I " said ,'his Mnjesty." " Oh, listen I " said Mrs Russell, holding him tightly, so that he could not get free. At this "his Majesty " remained perfectly still, and listened. There certainly were some low, indis tinct sounds, among which were whispers. ' Sl.ure it's the gyerruls," said " his Majesty." " 7 hat's what it is." " Ob, look I look I " cried Mrs Busscll. " Th« ghost ! the ghost I " And with a loud cry Mrs Busscll fell back. " Hia Majesty" encircled her wi'h tho royal arms, and- gently deposited her on the floor, standing by in deep perplexity. But at this instant a sight caught his eye .which made him start. It was Ashby'a figure traversing tho room through the moonl'ght. He had waited up to the last moment, and had just taken his departure, but as ho moved along th« floor toward the chimney the royal eye saw him. " Be jsbcre," Eaid " liis Majesty," "ghost or no ghost, 1 must see to this. The castle's haunred as sure as a gun, but that isn't the figure an' farrnm of a maydoiaval ghost, so it isn't." Mrs Eussell now revived, and struggled up to her feet. " Is — is — it gig-g:g-gone ?" she asked, with a shudder. Sorra a one av me knows," said " his Majesty." " I'm goin to invistigalc." " Oh !" wailed Mrs Jtussell, " leave me not — oh, yonr Sacred Majesty, desert me not i" " Shure I'm only goin' to get loights," said " hia MajeBty," " Ob, forsake me not I Be not bo cruel I" " Orool ! Ah, be off wid yer nonsinsc I" said " bis Majesty." " Whisht, now, jool — sbitre I'll bo back in a jiffy. If it's anny one that's got in, I'll find him whin I come back ; an' if it's a ghost, why,it'b jist as well to know it." " Oh, your Majesty," cried Mrs Bnssell, " do not forsake me I Without you it is too — too — too horrible." " Shure ain't I tolling yez," said "his Majesty," " that I'm only going to get loights, an' that I'll bo back in a jiffy ? Bo quiet, now, an' it 'It be all right," With these words "his Slajcsty" triod gently but firmly to disengage Mrs Btissell's clasped arms from about his neck. This he fonnd 'much diffi culty in doing, but at length he succeeded in get ting free. After this ho went ont, locking the door behind him. After about five minutes he returned with a blazing torcb, followed by half a dozen men, who remain-.d outside awaiting his summons, while ' his Majesty " alone wont in. The moment that tho door opened to admit him, some one enmo rushing into his arms with such violence as almost to extinguish the torch and upset tho royal person. " His Majesty " re covered himself, however, and uttered several ejaculations which in nny less distinguished person would certainly have sounded like pro fanity. "Be aisy, now, will yez?" ho said, in a milder voice, " an1 howld away yer arrums, jool, till I invistigalc tho primises. If it's a livin' man I'll fix him ; an' if it's a ghost, begorra, I'll— let him go." With these words " his Majesty" succeeded In extricating himself from the clutches of Mrs Russell, and, holding aloft the torch, begin to walk about the room, looking closely everywhere, while Mrs RuEsclt followed at his heels, entreating bim to take care of his royal person, " Arrah, shure, now," said " his Majesty" "we're accustomed to danger. Wo don't m'oisd thrnifles like this — not a bit av it." By this time the noise and the flaming torches had seemed to rouse up Katie nnd Dolores. Both of these now stood up, blinking and shrinking, clinging timidly to one another, and looking lika two frightened children just awakened. They seemed so surprised, so confused, and so terrified that tho heart of " his Majesty" swellod with pity and compassion. "Ladies I jools 1" said he, "don't, don't giva- way. Sliurc it'6 all over now, so it is, on' yez needn't be a hit afraid anny mote." "What's all over?" asked Katie, in a tone ot alarm. " What ? Why — shure nothin'." " There was some one in- tho room," said Mro Busscll, in frightened tones. " Some one in tho room !" cried Katie, in a voica so full of terror that it became a positive shriek. Oh I oh i oh! Who? who? What? what?" Never was terror more eloquently depicted ort any human face than on Katie's expressive coun tenance on this occasion. She flung herself ' into - Dolores's arms and clang to her. Dolores said nothiog, but clang to Katie in silence. " Alnrrums ov this sort," said " his Majesty," " isn't Bhuited to their dilicate narvous systems— so tbey ain't. I've got a dhrop ov whisky about me, if — Bnt I Buppose they wouldn't care foe it." "With these words "his Majesty" approachod! Katie for tbepnrpose of toothing her, or of paying her some delicate compliment, bnt Katie con trived to beep Dolores between herself and th« royal wooer till the latter felt baffled, _ " Share it's very disthressin', so it is," said he, as he turned awny. " But I'll take a luk round." He looked all round, walked by tho walls, gravely Eeercd into the fireplace, and at length came ack. " There's no one here," said he. " But I saw some one," said Mrs Russell, " Shore, thin, it was no livin' man ye saw, an1 there ye have it." "No living man!" screamed Mrs Bussell. " Shure, no. How could it have been ? Wouldn't I 'a seen him, an' me wid a loigbt ?" " Then it's a ghost I " said Mrs Bussell, with another scream, " Divil a one else !" said " his Majesty," "It's the castle ghost— only I don't see Why he came in modern ooschnmo. But perhaps it isn't the castle ghost. It may bo the last prisoner that waa shot." This last suggestion was unspeakably horribla .to Mrs Bussell. Well she knew who that last prisoner was! The last prisoner! Oh, horror! and the apparition was It I And It had come to her 1 — embraced her I — spoke words of love 1 It was He ! — her onoe loved but now lost Johnny I The (hpught was too -mnch, With .a wild yell she flnng her arms around" hia Majesty," and fainted. "It's meself," said "his Majesty," placidly, " that 'ud be the proud man to sthay here an' watch with yex'agin tbe ehost, bnt duty calls me elsewhere." As -he said this he tried to detach the arms of Mrs. Bussell, who novr clang to him with rigid and death- like tenacity. This, however, he could not do, and as her weight was considerable, he gravely seated himself on the floor, and im plored Katie and Dolores to help him. Thi3 thev did, ar d their united efforts succeeded in loosening llrs Russell's grasp. The stricken lady gave a gasp and raised her head, but " hia Majesty " was too nimble for her. By a desperate movement he withdrew from her reach, and stood for a moment at a respectable distance. " Ladies," said be, " it's me3elf that 'nd -be the proud man to ehtay ; but thire's no dinger in the worruld — not - the laste in loifc, an' this lady requires your care. So I'm thinkin' I'll bo off, an' if annything happens Bgin, yon sing out." Saying these words, " his Majesty" left tho room, omewhat more hnriidly than he bad entered it. His departure completed Mr3 Rnreell's prostra tion.- For tho remaind-r of the night she Tefused to be comforted, "but remained terrified, lamenting bitterly, and exclaiming incessantly, " Oh, why did he leave me I — why, ob, why did ho leave me I" TO BE COXTTXUBD. 