BLACK ALL, (feom octb owk correspondent.) The weather during the past week has turned very warm again, in fact quite hot at noonday. We have had no rain and very few indications of it It would seem as if the clerk of tbe weather had a crudce against Blackall. for Ttunbo, Isisford, JuBdah, and several of the surrounding stations all report a more or less quantity of rain. At Tambo grass and water are both reported plentiful ; also along tbe road to the terminus. At Blackall, and in its immediate vicinity, the cod o try is aU parched op again, and looks like a desert in a wheatfield. The Barcoo was running strong at the beginning of this week, to within four miles of Blackall; bat before the fresh came this far the numerous holes in the river bed had taken in every drop of it. I hope this state of affairs will soon be altered. After being in a moribund condition ever since the day o! starting (according to popular belief) the Barcoo Butchering Company limited finally gave op tbe ghost this week, and the Company that started with such s flourish of trumpets, and was going to perform sucb wonders in reducing tbe price of meat, is no Traffic is looking up, more teams with stores for town and country having passed through this week than for some time pre viously, both horses and cattle, appeared to be in fair condition. Only a little wool has passed to the railway — four or five loads from Lets Downs. I hear there is a large quantity of last seasons clip stored on some of the stations yet, and tbe managers cannot get it There are no local stock movements, but there are likely soon to be plenty, now some of tbe roads are in snch good condition. The Minnie Downs sheep, which were travelling for grass and water, have returned to the sta tion, there having been splendid rains on that property. The annual meeting of the Blackall Public Hall Co. was held last evening. Great inte rest was taken in the proceedings, and share holders present represented 112 shares out of 39S. Tbe balance-sheet showed a net profit of £33 lie. 94., which tbe directors proposed to&vjdeamongtheshareholdere;, and declared a dividend of 12$ percent That is tbe first divi dend declared since the formation of the com pany. A new directory was formed. Mr. Aim feldt was appointed treasurer, and Mr. Ord, secretary. A vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Campbell, be having bees honorary secretary since the company was formed— about four yean ago. There has been no important boshrtst at the Police Court A woman named Mary Paul was sent to gaol for two months for stealing a watch from a man in payment of aerncw rendered. At a '»? ? JHfii1 meetinfi of tbe Blackall hospital, held on Monday, the business was purely financial, and armnnta to tta large amount of £295 10a, were passed for pay ment That must seem a large ism for (he Blarkall- hospital ; bnt it is always sub scribed to very liberally by nearly everybody, and the committee can afford to provide the patients with luxuries that would never be seen at some hospitals. In fact, » patient in the hospital here, has better living provided for him than is supplied in some of the town hotel coffee rooms. Besides tbe above amount there was an account for £200 presented for building a kitchen, and that would bring the amount to be paid at that meeting to nearly £500. One of our doctors has taken bis departure from Blfickall and is going to start in business at Tambo. Dr. De Leon was very popular among the poorer portion of the Blackall co mis u nity. The Blackall Racing Club have not yet issued their programme. At a meeting held on tbe 7th instant the balance eheet was pre sented, and it was shown that tbe sum of £574 was paid a* ay in prizes £&, at tbe Christmas meeting of tbe Club. Mr. S. Kevile was appointed Secretary and Mr. W. O. BarnJer was appointed Treasurer. A very good Committee was chosen, and tbe names of several gentlemen, living in tbe district, wbo have always taken great interest in sport* ing matters, figure in tbe list Taking every thing into consideration, our Midwinter meet ing promises to be very successful. I note that one of tbe events at the Isiaford races to be held in June, is a Bracelet Stakes presented by Messrs. A. Urqohart, C. Fairbairo, and \L B. Gougb. Tbe first prize is a diamond and ruby bracelet value £75 ; tbe second prize a diamond brooch valoe £25 ; third prize a gold bracelet with pearls value £12, It is reported from Isisford that two shep herds in charge of 3000 sheep are lost between Roscbrook and Tally Ho Stations. The ebeep were found much scattered. A search oartv was sent ont to look for tbe missing men, but as yet I have heard no further news about Blackall, February 22, 1864. 