1 COUNTRY NEWS. [yard OUR OWN CORRESPONDÍAIS.J CASTRA ROAD. That harvest has been successfully gathered, and in most instances now tim grain I is threshed, and all under very, favourable circumstances, so far as the weather is con canned, and farmers having got- their grain into their bags, or better still, into their, pockets, will have leisure to spend their hard earnings (not a difficult, job, as prices for grain go this season). Professor Fraser paid us a, visit last week, and gave an interesting lecture, which was listened to by oh attentive audience. Mr. Fraser lectures on Phrenology, and kindred subjects, in a clear, and intelligible manner. Eastertide has passed away very quietly," very few people observing them as holidays at all. We are all so. busy, either making our fortunes, or making ends meet, that very few holidays comes to our lot. " Have you pson the ghost!" is just now an oft recurring question. We seem to have a real P O one here ; it is manifold in its shapes, active and fiendish in its disposition, and a most disorderly and larrikins creature, standing on all the rules of ghostly decorum and behaving in a most unseemly manner. It sometimes appears without a head, and at other times it evidently has both a, head and hands, for it wears a hat, and throws stones at the men who see it. It also appears in tolerably good daylight, and at times in the daytime indulges in feats of throwing large stones, which strike the trees, and it stamps with its feet on the ground quite near to men at work. One young man, h oaring it near him, ran to his hut and climbed a tree near by, to get out of the bunyip's way, and was found up the tree by his mate some time afterwards, still in fear and trembling. The solution is said by wise people to be a practical joke which some ingeniously mischievous persons are playing. We are a long-suffering people, [and have a number of skeletons in our cupboards. No wonder that one of them stalks forth now and again. Here is a specimen of how we, the native youth of Tasmania, are encouraged to select land and Bottle down ; or, rather, how we are driven out of the country to make room for the incoming tide of immigrants, with their free selection. We see a piece of land, fifty acres or SO which we desire to select (for it is Crown land), it is near our old home, and is good land, and someday there will be a good road to it. We secure an application form, fill it up, send it away, and wait for an answer, The answer comes that the land is available for selection, and the applicant is requested to send the survey fee, which he duly forwards. He is perhaps afterwards notified that the land he has applied for and paid the survey fee on will be put up for auction on a certain day, and when he goes to the Bale he finds the land run up to a price which he cannot reach by a land speculator. And the poor deluded fool has a struggle now to get the money back which he lent to Government so that they might get the land into the market for the rich man to buy. This is not a nice picture, but it has the merit of truth. One young man assures me that he has paid his survey money nearly two years, and he is now afraid that his selection will slip from his hands. April 14. 