SPORTING NOTES. There is to be a meeting of the stewards of the Mount Gambier Steeplechase Club next week, when the programme for the winter meet ing wilj be drawn up. It is likely jumping' races will be made a more than usually attrac tive feature) of the programme. There will be no dearth of sport in this district on Easter Monday. First comeB the gathering of the Sons of Temperance in the Exhibition Ground, and aa the prises are liberal and the : entries numerous some good fun may be antici pated. The Catholics of Millicent have also ] arranged for a day's athletics at Beachporfc. A ride in the train can be bad there and back for 4B. The distance is 102 miles, and one need not be a Gladstone at figures to compute the cost of travel at less than a halfpenny per mile 1 No extra cost need be incurred for an inhalation of | a lungful) of the briny. Allendale is also having a chip in, athletics being again the dish pro vided. Each place will no doubt hare its coterie of supporters. Martini-Henry is a strong favorite for (he Sydney St. Leger, and EmpreBB holds the pre mier position in the betting for the Sydney Cup. There was a sale of Mr. De Mestre's horses in Sydney the other day, at which prices ruled;low. The highest figure was obtained for Muscat, by Robinson Crusoe from Sour Grapes, viz., 259 guineas. Steersman, by Robinson Crusoe from Lnna (dam of Calamia) realised 235 guineas, and Sirocco 235 guineas. Boscawen fetched 150 guineas. The boat race between Trickett and Beach, the winner of which is to row Hanlan for the aquatic championship, creates little or no enthusiasm in Sydney. The denizens of that city are evidently recovering their senses on the subject of boating. Linda, the Geelong Cup winner, has been sold to go to the Mauritius This honest little daughter of Panic ought to pay her way in the land of sugar. We (Colonies and India) have heard of a man who used frequently to ride from Border Town, in the Tatiara, to Wellington in one day, the distance being say 110 miles, through the long desert, the character of the country being heavy in the extreme, most of the way lying through heavy sand. The time occupied was from 12 to 14 hours ; 120 to 130 miles on a good road would have been easier for a horse. Another man rode from Anlaby, near Kapunda, to near Currency Creek, say 100 miles, in about 14 hours. The same man rode from Kingston to Mr. A. M'Farlane's, near Wellington, say 120 miles, in 16 hours, without unsaddling. A horse was taken early oue summer's morning from Wellington to Poltallock (then Malcolm's station), mustered cattle for some hours, and re turned to Wellington at about four p.m., the dis tance travelled being fully 50 miles. He was then taken by another rider to Adelaide which was reached betweep 10 and 11 p.m. The only refreshment the horse had was two bottles of porter on the road. The total distance travelled from morning was 115 miles. A rider left the Avenue station about 10 a.m., reached the Salt Creek late at night (about 10 o'clock), got a fresh horse from the celebrated M. Martin, and started early the following morning, and reached Adelaide in the afternoon (between 4 and 5 o'clock), having ridden about 130 miles the last day. A third rode from Salt Creek, south-east, in about 12 hours,^ having started at midnight, and reached Adelaide before nooon next day. He rode the same horse, Percy, who was unmatched for courage, strength and speed, to Mount Barker the same day, the whole ride being abut 150 miles. Another severe ijde'^asVrice done by a natiye of Sydney, who was one of a party bringing horses down from New South Wales. The horses broke away back on one occasion, and the man galloped for several hours to head them. When he returned to the camp in the evening he was dreadfully exhausted,' apd cpuld only just ask for a drpk of tea, and .while he was dripkiug it his horse fell down dead. The exact distance riddeu was not known, but it was reckoned to be considerably over 100 miles. On most of these journeys the horses had little or nothing to eat. The handicapping for the Onkaparinga events is not altogether flattering, judging by the fol lowing remarks of " Trumpator ":- ".The | gentlemen \yha frame the handicaps at Onka paringa fcavp never shown any abili'y for the j work they annually undertake, and this year I think their incompetency is mo.re plainly marked j than usual. The handicapping of lielmont buj] Nicholas in the cup is a cigar proof that they I ajre Quite incapable of performing the task of handicapping, and it is a great pity some com petent man is not appointed to do the work." H. Moses, of Sydney, has scored over 1100 j runs up to the present this season. His last j score of any magnitude was 161 (not out) for the Alberts against the Warwicks, op the 22nd Pr°? day whicV of "South Aus tralia, piade 10? on one of the Adelaide grounds, while J Noel was making his 167 (not out) close by. An enjoyable afternoon's racing was provided at Elsternwick Park on Saturday last. Proceed ings opened with the Hurdlerace, which was appropriated by the favorite, Ned Kelly, wt*o, in Batty's hands, spor^d a$ easy win from Don Alonzo ; first Try gaining the barren honour of third position. Black Tracker carried off the Maiden Trot, and Honora landed the Elwood Handicap from Priestess, who made her effort rather la'e. Anagram was most fancied for the Selling Race, bw though he was greatly favored by the start, he died away at the end of half a mile, and The Ghost came through, and won oleverly from Leporello':" The interest in the i |ilsternwiok Park Handicap wbb to some extent marred by the start, whitli gave a considerable advantage to some of the competitors. Cupola and Stationer made most of the running, but at the entrance to the straight Agatha came up on the outside, and though Raillery came with a wet sail, she could not reach the favorite, who won comfortably. A wag has suggested that The Andes went so fast in the CaBterton Handicap that he melted his shoes offI The Victorian eight beat the New South Wales crew by half a length, after a good race. Last night at the Victoria, (says the Specta tor) in talking over racing matters and the respective merits of The Andes and Star, who are now looked upon as champions of the district, a match for £500 aside was made between these two horses, distance two miles, the owners, Mr. D. M. Johnson and. Mr. J. Whitehead, to ride their respective horseB. The race is to be run on the 9th proz. at Casterton. A deposit of £100 each has been made, so it would appear as if business was meant. Star is the favorite, though the Andes chance is by many good judges, considered a good one. A well known bookmaker has offered to give £25 toward an Open Handicap for the same day, and a sporting resident of Casterton offers £25 towards a hurdle race. Prospects therefore are favorable to our Casterton friends having a good days' snort, if the match comes off. RUSTICUS 