'""GENERAL GORDON'S NEW BO'OK." These are Gordon's views of baptism and the Fall respectively : — ; ' rBiTTiSiri ; Man was left in Genesis dead from eating tho apple ; baptism raises him from tho dead, and Moly Uoinmunion gives him .of the tree' of life. Eating connects tlio Holy Com munion with the treo of knowledge of good and evil. ' Tho history of man is creation, eating, death ; resurrection, or new creation, or re generation, eating, and lifo eternal. Somehow I ' think both baptism and Holy Communion have very much to do with the body, for tho elements iu each sacrament are in separable from the body, the elements in ono cose being externally, in the other internally- nppHed. I expect that as water retains in itself .tho impurities of things placed or wushed in it, o.aojthe font' retains the guilt of . sin. It does Inot seem as if the Holy Ghost used- the wator as a vehicle further than as rendering it efficacious t-K remove sin, for it was when Jesus (who, though lio had no sin, was man nt His baptism) rjse out of water that the Holy Ghost descended ou. Him. God is not bound to baptism, for John the Baptist was filled with the Holy Ghost ' from his mother's womb, and Cornelius 'received "the .Holy Ghost before baptism. Believers go .info the font as sons of Adam, and emerge us 'sons of God. — Connection between the Fall of Man and Holy Communion; — I am going to wurk out the Fall fur you. " Tree of knowledge of guod and evil" — tree of learning what is to bo known of good and ovil. By eating. of this tree : man became as God, for God said, "Behold -;mnn is become as one of us, to know good and evil," where "become" is from the Hebrew, " to experience the same as," " to become like, " to be' " made." This is remarkable, for it would imply that though man was made in the likeness and imsge of God, the faculty of knowiug evil, . though it must have been present, was not de- yelppedinhim, boforebiseating. Angels anddevils . could never be said to have become like " one ; of us." Had Eve never eaten what was for bidden she never could have been worked on by :the. spirit of disobedience, Satan ; and, louk at it as you will, the reflection must strike us that by the fact of her eating she admitted Satan to enter and work in her. There can be no "doubt but that Eve's eating of the forbidden tree was n fellowship with Satan first, because Satan was with her ; secondly, because it wa9 not in fcllow- ship with God ; thirdly, because it was with the spirit of disobedience. Men may say that it is absurd to think that the fact of eating a fruit could. have caused such. vast effects to tho whole human race ; but it must bo considered that iu "Evo ' were all mankind, and thus if her body did eat and assimilate a substance forbidden, and consequently evil, so did those her childron do < the. .same, for the poison would .afflict every r portion of her body ; tho fiuit was the vehicle, "of the virus of evil. I thereupon say distinctly that the moral poisoning man acquiied was from, tho actual eating of a fruit which was forbidden, ' that this fruit was the cause of the poisoning, that had it .not been eaten the poisoning would _neyer have taken place ; also that it was tho body of man which .was poisoned and not tlio ..soul; which, ;hpwever, became dormant, or dead, owing to its. oneness with the body) and on which body the sentence of death was pro- Inpunced.:; f In the day thou eatest thereof ithou shalt surely die.". .. That the body was tho offender, that tho body was tainted, can be seen by the sentence, " Fur dust thou art, unto dust halt; thou return, for out of tho ground, wa. t thou'-takeh," which could not- be said of- the soul which was breathed into man by God, and which was, therefore divine. I have, I think, established, the poisoning of mankind. I will try and explain my belief, respecting the anti dote. In nature, if a poison is takon into the body, in which it Bpreada its virus, to neutralise ;it an. antidote must be taken into thesamc body, iu nuiuu it. ujuqu apieuu 11a ueuuuti eiieuus. ,iu nature man does not trouble himself, if poisoned aa to; how and in what way the antidote will work ; : he may not know how it may work, nor bow the poison suffers from has worked ; it is enough 'for him that he suffers aud wishes his core. - He takes the antidote in trust, just as he may; have taken the poison in trust ; for, as a ru|e,;'he does hot try and poison himself. Now analogous to the "Thou ahult not cat"— the words God spake to man at first— are almost tlie last words of Christ to His disciples, and through them, to the world — "Take, !. eat, this is My body." Here, then, is an actual substance (bread) to be enten, taken into the poisoned body, : assimilated with it, and which actual substance 'is bidden to be eaten by Christ, and is the vehicje or conduit by which Christ impntts jSisj . divine; attributes to that poisoned body ; just as much' as the forbidden fruit was. tlie vehicle or conduit by which Satan imparted his eril., attributes to that body and poisoned &)" os 0; -w'.- A half-caste named Robinson, was arrested at Ke'rang,' on :Wednesday. While suffering from delirium tremens ho had made himself very objectionable .at the, Commercial Hotel, finishing upwith; seizing one of the eervant girls, and running off with; her under his arm. After being in. the lock-up for half an'bour, he made a noise! ' A constable opened the door to see what ,was;iwrpDg, when: the prismier rushed on liim, and, after a severe struggle, escaped, not with out biting the constable in two or three places. Robinson then seized a club, and started off through the street with. nothing on but his shirt 'amHtro'usSrs. He soon distanced his pursuers, ran through various streets, then made across the cattle-yards And 'through Patclicll's paddock to the River Loddon. By this t'me there was a crowd after '.him. On reaching tlie rivor ho swam' across and ran up the. west bank of tlio stream, after divesting liimseif of his trousors. The police then returned; to Kerang, procured horses, and started to crbss'ii bridge about two miles distant in the' direction Robinson liau taken. ''In about ;an hour Robinson returned, re-crossed- the river, and returned to tlie Com mercial Hotel, where bo was subsequently re arrested anil placed iu the lock-up. t !-Th'e claims arising but of the railway collision at Warrenlieip station 011 tlio 24th of January In'Bt have -been 'satisfactorily setlled.1 Tho .acci dent occurred through gross carelessness on the part 'of an engine-driver, andthree resident's of Ballarat were more or less seriously injured. 'Mr'Ji Sharp has agreed to accept L300 iu soltle- ment of his claim, M:r J. Stallard L55, and T. Collins 'L40i': The medical expenses will- odd about L30 to the 'cost 'of this accident' to thoi Railway clepartment.' - 1 1 7 . , 