The Smuggler's Ghost. Did you ever encounter the smuggler's ghost, The spectre of Smuggling Bill As ho leaned himself on an old gun-post . At tho top of Tower Hill ? I think me not, though ho comes by night All tho pasEers-by to scan, A strange, weird, long-shore, lubberly wight— Pea-jacketty sort of a man. His voice is husky, his eyes rolls wild — The other is under a patch — Hia nose is swollen; — this mystio ohild — And his legs wero never a matoh. As he leaves the post on a midnight dull' Ho gocs with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany so^ide hull Ho seems ; butjflPlnly soul. I met him once, sRl I saw him olear By a gas-lamp's dancing light, Eeoalling weeds and tobacco dear That I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, ' O runner of Itovenuc rigs, Thou l:navo of tho contraband, I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs ; ' But he raised him his gnarlfid hand. 'Avast with thy coppers!' and 'You be blowedl' In a mixture strange said he; ' I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed In this mortial coun-ter-ee. Not sham blue ruin in bladdery skin, Nor tater- brewed oh-de-wee, That ain't paid dooty,' he said with .ft grin ; ' I'm a spirit, mate, oarnt yer see ? ' I looked him up, and I looked him down, And I thought of my four pound five 'I paid for cigars whon ho did me brown, And' ho certainly looked alive. But he gavo me a goblin goose-skin leer, Ab he grinned with his mouth so roomy. 'If yer doubts my word, take yer orutoh stick there, And you'll find it'll go right through me. ' Oh, woe— woe, bacco and paper brown I Oh, woe, sham oh-de-wee I :I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've .come . from down In the iurdere3t coun-tor-ee. Oh, I was tho wiokedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea : I Bold cigars and tho buyers sold, 'And what's to beoomo o' me ? ' Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way, . Aud down by the muddy Strand, lAud down by the Dooks I am doomed to stray,' . ' ' And ho wrung him eaoh gnarly hand. .' I wants to find 'em, and can't tell where, And I doesn't know wheio to look ; There's pounds upon pounds, and there's pounds to spare, i As I hid aforo I was took.' Then I said, ' Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, : Do you come from that other shore V ' 'Ay, mate!' as ho rolled him that one of I ? his eyes, . , ' And I don't want to go any more.' 'But what aro you Reeking, and why are you : como ? ' ; Wliy playedet thou me that triok?' V All, it's all along p' those weeds so — hum ! i Did thoy make you so werry siok ? Oh, it's wnat I'm a-telling o' you, you see,' And to east and to west he turned, ' I can't remember, or may I bo _Mosfc— something unpleasantly— -burned;''' ' Ho moaned as he gavo mo a mournful gaze, Ho groaned him right into his boots ; ' Oh, it's all along o' thom Henery Clays, And them .sham Bengal ohoroots. 'Oh, there's pounds on 'em hidden I can't , .tell where. ?, And some misfortnet bloko rWillbohunting 'em out il l don't take'caw And thero isn't one fit to smoke. Ah, whoro did I put 'em? Ah, where aro . thoy hid ? Ah, where did I plant that ohest With Honry Clay on tho top o' the lid ? And wasn't they bad 'uns, jest ? ' They makes 'om up at a bob a pound — -? Brown paper in backer gravy ; And I sold 'em a quid for a box all round, On a smuggler's affidavy. And down by tho Islo o' Dogs I goes, And huntin' in Iiatoliff Highway, But nover them weeds Bhall I find, I knows, And thoy'll nover moro come in my way. ' I never can tako just a glass o' short, Though I drops in at public bars, Since I belongs to another port, For selling o' sham oigars. For I 'used to roam as a smuggler bold Who laughed at the E'yal Excise ; A dodgo so stale, aud a dodge so old, But allers ripe for a riso.' And as I gazed ho was there no moro, Not so much as his old pea-jaokot ; But there seemed to come from a distant -ehoro, Or from out of old Charon's packet, ' Oh, I am tho wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea ; I never get hot, nnd I never grow cold, In this hide-and-come-seek-a-ree ! ' — G. Manville Fenn, in Hood's Annual 