CONFIEMATION DAY AT ST. PATRICK'S. The peculiarly bright and happy surroundings with the beauty and solemnity of the Holy Sacra ment intensified by an inspiring element of that sweetly tender romance which is woven around so many of the ceremonies of our Holy Eeligion made Wednesday a day of great and memorable gladness. For many long weeks the Marist Fathers aided by the Sisters of Mercy and the Brothers, had been preparing* the candidates to fit themselves to worthily receive the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, and when the day came for the joyful celebration the hearts of all beat happily, and the natural feelings of iov found expression in a hundred forms. It is customary to invest Confirmation Day with a festive and brilliant character by processions and decorations, and other means, but on the present occasion some thing very much out of the common was attempted, with a result that could not have been other than extremely gratifying, for the ceremonies were of surpassing beauty and inrpressive ness, while the artistic surroundings were strikingly and charmingly picturesque. The whole church looked jas if it had been touched by some magic wand, so wonderfully changed was it in ap pearance, and a prettier or more imposing spec tacle than the one presented when the children in their angel-like dresses were gathered round the sanctuary rails could not be imagined. Festoons, fresh and green, were suspended across the sanctu ary arch, and the side pillars almost toiiching the resplendent altars of Our Lady and St. Patrick were covered with pretty creeping plants en twined and interlaced. In front of the High Altar, glorious in its splendour of flowers and lights, hung c\i UXUiL V U±±UUS±€y Ut7iliU.UJ.J- 111 tlj.U.Ut; j-^XJ-Ua LIJ-LL UJ. W J-LJ. IC moire antique, richly embroidered with gold, and the sides of the reredos were draped with gorgeous damasks of gold and crimson. A large scroll over the altar bore the words — ' Benedictus qui venit in nomine Domini.' The decorative work was not confined to the sanctuary, for all round the church there were festoons, wreaths, and flowers, with rows of bannerettes and clusters of ferns, and green branches here and there, the whole design being, in an artistic sense, highly effective. The elegant white satin bannerettes of the Apostleship of Prayer, emblazoned with the Sacred Heart, all appropriately mottoed, formed a si^ecial feature in the decorations, and amidst a framework of sprigs and sprays of brightest green a large scroll with the words ' May Our Lord Bless our Holy Pastor' was con spicuous on the front of the organ gallery. There was not a fitting either along the walls or in the centre of the church that was not decked for the occasion, and the groups of bannerettes in the tall gas standards lent not a little to the appearance of the scene. Father Coue had had charge of the candidates during the time of pre paration, and Father Piqtiet conducted the three days' retreat, and altogether 109 candidates pre sented themselves for Confirmation, including some from St. Michael's, all excepting eight being children. Holy Communion was given at the half-past eight o'clock Mass, cele brated by the Eev. Father Le Eennetel, S.M., the venerated pastor, and afterwards all who had received the Blessed Eucharist were entertained at breakfast in St. Patrick's Hall by the ladies and gentlemen of the Christian Doctrine Con fraternity, whose kindness and generosity merit the warmest praise. His Grace the Archbishop arrived about a quarter to eleven, and the children having, entered the church in proces sion, his Grace without delay commenced his customary examination of the candidates before proceeding to administer the Holy Sacrament. Every child was examined individually by the Archbishop, this portion of the service occupying over an hour and a half. This examination, which has been established as a fixed rule, Avhile of a simple nature, is sufficiently searching to tost the knowledge of a child on the main points of re ligion and in Christian Doctrine, and its good effect cannot be over-estimated, for it will ensure proper preparation in the case of every child. The ceremony of Confirmation was then proceeded with, Dr. O'Haran, the Very Eev. Dean O'Donovan, of Mudgee ; and the Eev. Father Le Eennetel, S.M., assisting during the solemn function. The other clergy present were the Very Eev. Dean Kenny, the Very Eev. Dean McCarthy, the Very Eev. Dean O'Brien, the Very Eev. Father Joly, S.M., the Eev. E. Butler, M.A., the Eev. J. J. Garvcy, the Eev. J. M. Garavel, the Eev. Father Murlay, S.M., the Eov. Father Coue, S.M., the Eev. Father Ginisty, S.M., the Eev. Father Piquet, S.M., the Eev. Father Muraire, S.M.,andthe Eev. Father Tressalct, S.M. The girls wore pretty dresses of white, and with their lace veils and floral wreaths, they presented a charming appearance. The boys were nearly all neatly attired, and both boys and girls were ex emplary in their behaviour. After Confirmation, the Archbishop addressed the newly confirmed at considerable length, and while his Grace's language was chaste and beantiful, and. his words richly laden with golden wisdom, his edify ing and instructive discourse from begin ning to end was perfectly appropriate, and well within the comprehension of even the smallest child in the church. The Archbishop took pains to make everything he said clear and f effective, and he was specially earnest in his advice to the children as to the course to be pursued in order to retain the precious gifts they had received that day. In conclusion, his Grace said there were special reasons why those who had been confirmed should grow up true soldiers of Christ and true children of the Church. That parish was blessed with the services of the Marist Fathers, who spent their lives in devotion to duty, and it should never be forgotten that that church marked the spot on which the first seeds of the faith were sown in Australia, and that that hallowed spot was the scene of the trials of the first Catholics who suffered for their religion in the land. He trusted that, cherishing the memories of the fidelity and devotion of the Catholics of those days, the children would remain true to the traditions of their forefathers, and endeavour to cultivate and show in their lives the same spirit of heroism. His Grace then gave his episcopal blessing, after which the children left the c hurch in procession. During the ceremonies the church was crowded. Miss E. Geary and Miss Malony are entitled to the highest credit for the design ing and execution of the decorations, which were' carried out under the direction of Father Le Eennetel. 