St. Peter's Church, East mait- land. LAYING THE CHIEF STONE, On Friday afternoon the ctief stone of the oew church ol St. Peter now building in East Maitland, was formally laid by the Most Rev. Dr. Briny, Primate of Australis, iu the presen« of a large concourse of clergymen and Indies and gentlemen, parishioners ot St. Peter's, and residents oE East and West Maitland. Tue new church is building on the hill fronting William-street, considerably «above the lite of the old edifice, which has long been below the require- ments of the parish, Wheo the more spacious and ornamental building is completed it will be a con- spicuous object from almost any part of Maitland, as its site is elevated more than would seem to the visitor to the spot. It is to be of stone, on concrete foundations, and trench-s through loose surface soil have been opened for the foundation on the solid ground. The style ot the building will be English > decorated gothic, fourteenth century work. For the I church, without the tower, the cost is estimated at between £6000 and £7000, but the deB*gn includes a tower and spire, whose place will be over the weBt door, and tbe additional cost of this crown and A lieb will be about £2500. Reference was made in the speeches on Friday afternoon to the truncated appearance which, without the tower, the cburch nut present. It will indeed look wofully incom- plete, ne we judge from the effect of a picture of the* building with the tower shown. The tull length of the church will be 112 feet, the width 53 feet, and the total height to apex ot roof 50 feet. Accommodation for 6U0 sitters in- cluding the choir is provided, Tbe east end of tbe building is an apse, tbe semi-circular recess usually ph-.ced at the east end of the choir or chancel of a romanesque, or what is commoBly called in England, an Anglo-Saxon or Anglo-Norman church, On the lefthand side looking east is the vestry, 12 feet by 12 feet, which opens at one side into the chancel and at the other into the porch whence also entrance iB obtained into the body ot the church. Opposite the vestry and this porch is the organ chamber and a , recess behind the organ place forming a choir vestry. The main entrance is of course tbe west door, but there is also a porch in the north-western corner of the building. It is intended that all internal doors shall open outwards, an arrangement that will much help easy egress. The nave in the clear measures 80 feet by 54, the choir and cbancel together are 31 by 21 feet, the organ chamber is 12 by 20 feet, and the choir vestry 12 by 7 test. Very fair progress has benn made with the building, a great deal of the work having been buried, in consequence of the depth of the excavations. The stone used is a light coloured somewhat coarse-grained stone, with a slight vein in it ; it ia easily worked, and promises to be durable. A quarry at East Maitland supplies it. Messrs, Blacket Brothers, of Sydney, are the architects, and operations are now going on under their direct control, an arrangement with a contractor baviog fallen through after the foundations were in. A line of flagB above the ground whereon the work is progressing attracted attention to it on Friday afternoon. Awnings protected the earlier visitors who got seats and the official visitors from the sun, which however was deprived of some of its power by an opportune sea-breeze, A platform just inside the vestry door was carpetted, for the Primate and the clergy, and the stone to be set was a portion of the wall of what will be a safe or strong room. The building committee, the Bishops of Newcastle and S>dney in robes, and their clergy in their Burplices, assembled at the parsonage and walked in procession to the foundation. At the stone, the service was begun by the Rev. Canon Tyrrell, who read in altern- ation with the people Psalm cxxxii. The Ven. Arch- deacon Child read the lesson : 1 Cor. iii. Then the Primate read the prescribed collects, and in prospect of the ceremony of laying the stone, the Rev. Canon Tyrrell handed bim a trowel and mallet, saying tbey were the present of a lady parishioner. Canon Tyrrell also said that in a bottle placed beneBth the stone, in a cavity prepared, were a copy of the Maitland Mercury and of the Sydney Morning Herald of December 11, and a parchment with the following inscription, which he read : On the 12th day of December Anno Domini 1884, Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria being in the 48th year of her reign, . And The Kight Honorable Lord Augustus Loftus being tbe auTeniur or Uie Culuuy of Kow South Walei, This stone waa laid to the glory of God by the Most Berercnd Alvred Barry. D.D., Lord Bishop oi Sydney, Metropolitan of Mew South Wales, Primate of Australia and Tasmania, as the memorial-stone of this church dedicated (o St. Peter, and erected by the member« of the Church of England in the parish oi East Maitland, the Right Heverend J. 0. Pearson, D.O., being the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, and the Bertrand Lovick Ttrreij,, B.A., Canon, Incumbent. The Architects fer tho Building were Messrs. Blaolcet Brother«, of Sydney. Clerk of WorkB, Mr. Alexander Soltar. The Building Committee Representing the Parishioners in the erection of the Church were J. W. Allworth T. Jaokson A. F. Richardson J, N. Brunker G. Kedwell E. Sparke G. T. Chambers W. Kelly F. Sparke S Clift T. S. Luscombe J. Scale G. Clift H. T. Williams D. Swan E. J. Cobcroft J. Noad Eev. L. Tyrrell S. Dawson" H. Noad Dr. Wright G. Eckford J. W. Pulver H. D. Walsh F. H. Hole Eev. A. H. Priest On the stone the following inscription was placed : " This stone was laid by Alfred Barry, D D., Primate of Australia and Tasmania, as the memorial stone of the cburch of St Peter, erected by tbe parishioners of East Maitland, J. B. Pearson, DD., being bishop of the diocese, Lovick Tyrrell, B.A. being csnon and incumbent, A.D., 188Í." The trowel and mallet which had been procured from Flavelle, Brothers, and Roberts, of Sydney, were very handsome specimens of art. The blade of the trowel waB of silver, with a broad engraved de- sign round the edge, while in the centre was the following inscription : "Presented by lite. S. Clift to the Right Rev. Dr. Barry, Primate of Australia, on tbe occasion of his laying the memorial stone of St. Peter's Church, East Maitland, December 12, 1884." The handle was ivory neatly carved, and the mallet was also of the same material, and was embellished with very chaste carving on the handle. At the head a silver plate had been insertad, bearing the Primate's monogram A.B. The two instruments were enclosed in a handsome morocco case, and as will have been gathered from the in- scription on the trowel, are the gift of Mrs, S, Clift, The Primate, having laid the stone in the cus- tomary fashion, said-I lay this, as the chief Btone of a Church," to be built in this place, to be named the Church of 8, Peter, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The service wee proceeded with; the hymns selected included the following: " Tbisstone to tbee in faith we lay," and the " Church's one foundation." The PniMATK said-My Brethren, I am asked to speak a few words on this occasion. As even in a short address I like to have some text from the word of God, I will choose to-day as my text Isaiah 28,16, where you will find these words " Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation stone, a tried stone, a precious corner atone." In that passage is the original of two very distinct and celebrated testB in the New Testament, which contain two distinct ideas. They are represented hy the foundation stone and by the corner stone. There is first of all that passage which we have heard read to-day from Corinthians 3, where it is eaid-and observe it is said of the individual Christian life of each of ub-'? For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." And the other passage you will find in the second chapter of the epistle to the Ephesians, twentieth verse, which has been taken for one of our collects and which says the church ia built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone, I would ask you for a few moments to consider to-day what we mean by Baying that Christ is at ones the founda- tion and the chief corner stone. Now observe that, with regard to your own inner spiritual life, the life that belongs to you as Christians, the Tery founda- tion of that life is not in any knowledge about Christ, but is in Christ Himself. Chrisiiaiuty is the revelation of the Fatherhood of Qoi, and it is the revelation of that Fatherhood in ind through our Lord Jesus Christ. And tbere'pre, bo far Christianity is a religion unlike all others in the world. I reps at that the foundation of the whole is Jesus Christ, and in Him only. It is laid deep on that mediation by wQich he has made God and man one for ever, in and through Himself. That media- tion hss its various partB and manifestation. There íb the incarnation, which shows God ana man to be really one by nature, man being made inthe image of God that his human nature might be tie tabernacle of the Godhood. Then there ia that gieat truth which' tells us how the sin which sepantei ns being taken away, we are reconciled to God by His pro- pitiation, released from the bondage ead power of sin by His redemption, elevated in His remrrection and ascension, death is conquered tor us by linn and a place in beaven made ready for erery one of us, Christianity has Jesus Christ for foundation, for other foundation can no man lay except that which is laid in JeauB Christ Himself. Let me counsel yon to make this a reality individually Remember that whatever other questions surround our Christianity, the essence of it is God and man made one in the Lord Jesus Christ Realise it again in yourselves morally. Tbe great vaornl force of Christianity which regenerates the world, is not m any system of law, or in any rule or OTganisatioi, but in the reproduction in human souls of the life divine of the Lord Jesus Christ Realise it also in your spiritual life, in your neceas to God, Remem ber that it is in Him, and thronen Him that we have a way of access open as to children in oar Father's House. No other foundation on earth than Jesus Christ can stand against tbe winds and storms ot life, and carry us through death and beyond it to the hie immortal. The foundation must be laid by a true and living faith in Jesu« CnriBt, and in Him Blona. But he is also the chief corner stone. This is altogether a distinct iden The church is said to be built on the foundation of the apostles and the prophets You will remember that in Revelation, the Heavenly City, the New Jerusalem, is said to have twelve foundations-these are the twelve apostles But the corner stone is Christ, as that which unites both foundation and building, that which makes them one. When we speak of Christ aa the corner-stone, we realize in Him the centre of unity of the church. That common love which birnie us together ia proof that the church of Christ is one. There is unity between God and all Christian souls. But that unity is first directly with Gud in Chriat, and tben indirectly with one another, lbe church is one It is one body, because tbere dwells in it one spirit, the Holy Spirit one Lord, even tbe Lord Jesus Christ, and tbrougb bim we are one with God the Father. Therein lies the true and real unity ot tbe church Unity of every soul with Christ, and through Him, unity with one another And, my brethren, if we would have that unity, and how greatly we need it every day shows us-if we would have that unity, it mast be by reeognising Him as our Lord and as the chief corner stone. Tbere must be the one hope of our calling, the one beaven to which we look, one faith tbat God and substantially All Christians are at one There muBt unhappily be differences, we know, but we should strengthen those bonds of charity and pence which bind souls together If we would unite the church, the living Church of Christ-and God knows how greatly we need union, in these days of wretched divisions and antagomsmr,-if we would really unite, we must make Christ at once the foundation stone of every individual life and tbe great corner stone uniting the whole church I de- sire and pray that for you these things may be re- alized in this parish I rejoice to be with you to day I see in the la} ing of the stone evidence of pro grecs, signs of higher aapirstioDs and conceptions of what tbesurroundmgBof worship should be. I see in it with much satisfaction a desire for a greater dignity end beauty of worship I hold with regard to external things in general that these things-the inner spiritual things, ought ye to have done, and as to tbe external things, theae ought ye nowise to leave undone I realise that in building this church you accept the duty of making some sacrifice for God, and hold it unworthy that your dwellings should be replete with luxury and splendour, and the church mean and bare You rejoice to make a sacrifice to God who gives you nil For all these reisons, I rejoice, in tbe ceremonial of to day, but still I would urge upon you to reflect that its true meaning and sigm ficance are in the high truths of which I bave spoken, and I pray that everyone of you in his individual Christian character may know Christ, the foun tatton stone of your faith, atd that in tbe church as the home of Christian brotherhood, you may recopnise the idea of Christ as the common corner stone. May God grant that these things may be yours Amec After the Primate's address, a collection was made, which resulted in £660 l63 Gd being laid upon the stone The service was tben concluded 