..LOCAL.AND GENERAl.. IT will be seen from our Melbourne corre spondent's telegram that the extension line to the South Australian border is certain to ble included in the. Railway Construction Bill. Tn late rains have had the- effect of bringing up'the grass, and the fields'already' present an emerald tint. Should the present favorable weather continue, there will be an abundance of feed for stock during the winter. Ploughing operations were temporarily sus pended owing to the rain and heavy state of the ground, but will now be resumed with renewed vigor. Farmers are jubilant over the prospects- for the ensuing season, and added to the probability of a good harvest, cleanliness of grain will, it is thought, be a feature of next year's crops. Reports from almost all parts of the colony show that splendid rains have fallen, which will be beneficial in the highest degree to the farmers and others.--The-rainfall appears to have been very general, and in many districts has been fairly abundant . . Mn. GoDnox's decision regarding the Dooen weir has not yet transpired. We learn that his object in visiting Longerenong was to ascertain the best means of irrigating the Longerenong State Nursery. Two schemes..were considered, one of cutting a channel from the Darlot Swamp, and the other of conveying the water from the Wim. mera river at Dooen. The cheapest and most effective scheme will be adopted, and with that view Mr. Surplice is at present taking levels. It is thought that the Darlot Swamp scheme will prove the'cheaper. As soon as the irrigating works are completed, barracks will be erected for boys' from the Industrial Schools, and. provision made for forty. Mr. Madden, M.L.A. was the prime mover in-this matter, andiit will no. doubt result beneficially to farmers in this district in the times of scarcity of labor, as wellas to, the youths "themselves, ?'fo?::u'afte' ? ffer months' training, farmers will be able.-to avail themselves of this newrprivision!of farm labor ta haeompiiratively small'cost.`o. -We regret to have to report?- tbitthe Mayor, CDrnmmond, was early on Snnd~y `urnirg taken dangerously ill with inflam ,iti of the'bowels, and continued in great is ihronugl out that day. Yesterday, how eier .ie appeared to be considerably better. -OrF t6% .Home wheat market the London coespondent of the "Argue" writes under daltlet'a March:-" lhere are no new fit?ts' in the wheat market. Farmers' deliverieocoltiuue on a modern scale, ard the arrivalnof foreign wheat in the Uniled Kingdom are considerably below the require. ments for current consumption ; but as our warehoused stockslarestill excesively large the trade shows no signis of rallying. Owing to the favorable appearance of th- growing crops, farmers are indisposed to hold on to their stocks, so that for some months to come we may anticipati pleistifulsiipplies'.I6 tth local·nearkets, which will tend to keep prices from rising. At the same time, American shipments of both wheat and flour have of late sensibly enlarged, though it is reported that there is a considerable decrease in the s t..:..han bnlv" nF whe-tv. IRFERnExo to the bank robbery, the sel bourne "World" has the following:-"During the last fortnight the detectives have been energetically employed in tracing the per petrators of the recent Horsham bank robbery. Information having been received that one of the stolen notes had been cashed in a small town in South Australia, and further suspicion having been directed towards that quarter through an individual offering to sell a similar note for £5 for ten shillings, certain members of the Victorian detective force were at once despatched to the spot. On their arrival, however, they found that they had arrived too late, the suspected persons having decamped-no one knows whither. The Victorian detectives, it should be stated, visited Adelaide without intending that their presence should be known. But on their arrival they were an. fortunately recognised, whereupon they found it nec?ssary to adopt some excuse for their presence, and accordingly circulated a rumor to the effect that their busine:s con sisted in hunting up two important witnesses in the Pettavel murder case. Under this pretence, the detectives at lengthl arrived at the township, where the banknote had been cashed, but found as already stated, that the quarry had fled. And it now transpires that they were watched all the way from Mel bourne an accomplice of the thieves actually accompanying them to Adelaide in the same boat, but slipping ashore at Glenelg, and thus reaching the township referred to, sounded the alarm before the arrival of the detectives. Whilst in South Australia, how ever, the Victorian officers made some e, quiries and. elicited several facts which substantiate previous suspicions. One of these is thiat the brother of a man residing at Iorshain, of whom a rumor was circulated that he was drowned, is not dead at all, but is at present somewhere within the confines of South Australia." The local police are unable to verify the above statements, and are not in possession of any further informa. tion as to the robbery than has already been given in our columns. AT the Police Court on Friday last, before Mr G. L, Hutchinson, P.M., an intoxicant named W. Stewart was charged with being drunk and disorderly. He was fined 5s or in default, 24 hours' imprisonment. This was the only case heard, several summonses not having been served in time. The trans. fer of a billiard sal3on license from R. H. Bollock, as assignee in the insolvent estate of J. . . Braithwaite, to George Lang, was also made. Os Friday last William Williams, an employ6 of Messrs. May and Millar, was arrested on warrant, at the instigation of his wife, on a charge of wife desertion. On Saturday he was brought up before the Maynr, and remanded till Friday next, bail being allowed in one recognisance of £20, and himself in a like amount. The neces sary bail was procured, Mr. J. Millar, one of his employers having become surety for the amount. MEssns Wheeler and Russell's Dramatic Company concluded their short season in the Mechanics' on Saturday night, when the popular and sensational Irish drama "The Shaugbrann" was produced. The audience was the bast that had favored the company, and the piece all through was played with spirit. The "plot" is too well known to play goers to need recapitulation; suffice it to say that the numerous sensational and humorous incidents were well brought out. As Conn, Mr. Russell made a hit, notwithstanding that the character was taken in Horsham not long since by Grattrn Riggs, who is looked upon as the model Shaughraun. Miss Nellie Green!ees, as M?ya, was well cast, and by her vivacity and good acting confirmed the good impression previously formed of her. Miss Montford and Miss Medway played the parts allotted to them admirably, and, as Captain Molyneaux, Mr. Melville's repre sentation had a great deal of merit. Though not a principal part, Father Doolan, as play ed by MIr. B. C. Aspinall, was quite a leading feature, and the audience was not slow to show appreciation of his refined and finished acting. forry Kinchella, Harvey Duff and Robert Ffolhott were fairly well sustained by Messrs Wmin. Marshall, C. Thompson and Whiting, as was the part of the hero'o mother by liss Ettie Leonard, and those of the others who represented various characters ;n ÷hn ,Irlm. WE learn that lambing has already begun in different partsof the district, although it is yet somewhat early. On the South Brighton station the increase is very good indeed, whilst in the flocks of Mr. Bushby, of Drong Druog, agood number has also been dropped. We. were informed yesterday that several were seen further down the line nearly a month old. The season promises well for grass, and, should it continue' favorable, a good percentage of lambs may be looked for. THE consignments of grain at the different railway stations in the district are gradually falling clf. At the Horsham station last week 3317 bags were sent away and 270 ot flour; at Dimboola 4410 bags of wheth and 31S bags of flour; and at Pimpinio, 2076 bags of wheat. At Dimboola about 22,000 are on hand await ing trucks. Tnu following additional accounts are awaiting payment at the Horsham sub treasury:--H. [lately and-H. M'Cann. THE youths Darlton aid Dann will be brought up at the M3urtoa Police Court to. day, on .remand from last Saturday, on a charge of criminal assault. In the event of a committal, we learn that Mr. Purves has been retained for the defence. The case will not come on till late in the afternoon, as the court does not sit until 2 o'clock, and the list for, hearing is an un usually long one, containing about thirty summons cases for debt, etc. Owe?s to the unpleasant state of the weather, the racesheld on the Caulfield course on Saturday afternoon were (says 'the "Argus") very poorly attended. Talta won the Selling Race, and was bought in for £50, all of whichgoes to theclub. Yatelywonthe Hurdle Race, with .Brenda' second, and Dawdler third. Berwick and Vanguard fell. Merrijig won tie Glen Huntly Handicap: Meander was second, and Lesbia third. The Steeplechase was w..i by . Blackthorn; Chrysalis was. second and, Lizette. third. Stampede and Nooroig fell. The racingcon. cluded with withi the Armadale.Handicap, won :by'.Meander; The Ghost was second, -and Castaway third,. . \- A.; the Insoltvent CourtT Melbhi-i-, on. -Friday, certificates were granted to Robert Undrswood,;and BisharirSorbel, of Lillimuar storeiespers?-(in-theiryjoin'uand" separat iiestites). T~~hA lr~hiUdOW C Ill ba (I Tni vexed question of the value or other wise of the Scotch thistle was (reports the *, Kyneton Guardian") argu~d at leigth in the Kyneton Shire Council onr Saturday last, on a motion by Councillor W. Thomas that the Act imposing penalties for not cutting them, which was suppressed by order of the council in 1881, he again put into force. The advocates of the thistle were in majority, and the motion was not carried., The most diverse opinions found expression,- some describing the plant as a curse and others as a blessing. It was agreed that in cultivation the thistle is a great nuisance, but in grazing country, especially in dry'seasons, it is considered in dispensable for feeding stock. The thisfte flourishes liiost luxtriantly is this distr'ct this year. I. t' manager oor. a.OraK ,ti r-a - -" "Border Watch") is now busily engaged in fencing in with wire netting the German Creek portion of the estate. This is done with the view oi keeping out the rabbits. Mr Williams informs us that these vermin now exist in considerable numbers there and all along the coast ranges. The German Creek property abuts on to swampy country, and by carrying the net some little distance into the swampi it is hoped to shut them out. A good few are already located:inside, but effective steps will be taken for their destruction as soon as the fence is com pleted. Meantime Mr Williams has turned a number of cats adrift on the property, and it is believed they are doing good service by eating the young rabbit'. Several of the adjoining selectors have also turned out cats on their holdings, but it is believed they will have to take more vigorous action soon it they do not wish to be eatenout by the rabbits. We are informed that cats, to be used as rabbit destroyers, are now readily saleable in Mount Gambior and Millicent at is per head. TnIE ichborne Cltimant expects to be released on Ticket of leave before October next. BouncO , who wrs acquitted at Geelong on Saturday of the Pettavel murder, has been taken back to the Yarra Bend Asylum, from which place he escaped in July last. A S?.xEY telegram says that Saturday night was the time appointed for the cecond deposit in the match between Beach and Trieket, to row iaulon for £500 aside and the championship. Beach declined to com plete the agreement, although liberal in ducement was offered. Negotiations were then opened with Laycock, and his name was eventually subotituted for that of Beach. A P?ATnEP. amusing episode, illustrating the extent to which cheek and impudence will influence even the most practical minded, occurred (says the "Clunes Guardian") re cently in a town not 100 miles from this centre, and, as told to us. is worth oe relating. A stranger, of rather "takiog" appearance, easy and voluble in conversation, and plausible in address, dropped into a butcher's shop and succeeded in engaging the proprietor in conversation. Insensibly the conversation took the direction of the "fly nuisance," the stranger remarking that having travelled in India, he possessed a sovereign remedy for the effects of flies upon meat. Our butchering friend opened his ears-this was worth knowing. What was the remedy? The stanger mildly intimated that his knowledge having been obtained at considerable expense, it could not be im parted except in consideration of a pecuniary quid pro quo. Curiosity being excited, feasibility was not thought of, and a trans fer of coin eventuated. Said the stranger, with portentous air, " bring me six saucers partly filled with water; also six carrots with their tops on." 'These being brsught, the stringer solemnly proceeded to slice a thin layer, with the "top" attached, from each carrot, and placed it in :each saucer. " There," said he triumphantly, " if you let these remain long enough, the water will assume a gelatinous consistency. WVlen that takes place the flies will disappear. Good morning !" It is needless to say that the water has not yet undergone the change indicated, and the butcher, minus his money, is left lamenting. TxE next Horsham land sale will be held on the 27th May. Tnr Hon. G. Young, N.L.C., paid a flying visit to lHersham on Friday, returning to Ballarat on Saturday evening. THE following letter has been received in Dimboola in reply to the petition recently forwarded to the Chief Commissioner of Police respecting Sergeant; Cahill of that town :-Police Department, Chief Com missioner's Office, Melbourne, IGth April, 1884\. Gentlemen,-I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your memorial respecting Sergeant Cahill, of Dimboola. In reply, I beg to state that I have had very careful inquiry made into the matter, and regret that circumstances then disclosed prevent me from recommending that the Government reimburse the eergeant the amount of the legal expenses which his unfortunate action has made him liable for. I have, &c.;, J. M. Chomley, Chief Commis sioner of Police. Ie last week's "Gazette," amongst the list of assistant school inspectors appointed to be inspectors, we notice the name of Mr C. H. Campbel L,L.B., of Horsham.. : TaE Railway Commissioners have issued instructions to the heads of departments with the view of having the brake system more promptly applied and thoroughly carried out on the sumburban and main lines than is at present the case. The locomotive superintendent has been directed to use every possible exertion, with the view of having sufficient brake-power applied on all passenger trains. WE "Telegraph" learn that a meeting of the Central Irrigation League of Victoria has been convened to meet at the shire-hall Rochester, on Wednesday, 7th May. The scarcity of labor during the past harvest and present seed time prevented an earlier session, and this is to be regretted, since the Parliamentary recess has almost come to an end. A mass of foreign correspondence received by the president will be submitted to .the league, after which the present situation will be discussed. The work. ableness of the irrigation provisions of last year's hurriedly adopted Water Conserva tion Act will be debated, and doubtless radical changes desired. The probable effect of irrigation trusts, such as are pro. jected inone or two limited areas, upon a national undertaking will receive attention It will also be decided whether the efforts to awaken Parliament to the importance of water conservation and distribution in such a climate as ours shall be immediately re newed, or whether further encouragement will be sought for large capitalists, so as to induce them, under proper conditions and agreements, to take up the work. The relation of the league to the political parties of the day will be examined. In response to the invitation of the local league, the president of the central league, the Rev. E. C. De Garis, will, in the evening, address a public .meeting of farmers and others in terested in the matter upon the "Water Quastion." IT is trite to remark that a prophet is not without honor save in his own country. Yet it is pleasing to record that the invention of that esteemed electrician,UMr T. R. James, of 'tli a elubo;ine Telegraph Office, for Iying end pioviding a ready access to telegraphic and telephonic. lines, laid underground, thoughu nnoetied' in,this colony;. has been purchased (according to the. Melbourne Cor respondent of thei '.Ararat?Advertiser"') by thelmpierial Government; who havelpatented it, for £10,000..i::I "L ? " A comuous natura l-phenomenon," says .eturo6 tlJ-ie ed co 1 Yvble at Gastlemaie on Friday mori the.form of a mudbshower The pr dsy had been wet and torm, d thoprevig the wind abated the rain continued to fall e night. - About 4 o'clock a.m. the fewr o wio were abroad noticed that they e being bespattered with this mud, whieOh descending with the rain* The eageh the railway lines Were also cbserved to h pssed through the same experience on hae upward and downwari journeys ehowinllthat the occurrence was not confined th particular locality. HIousehlders surprised in the morning to aind the earte brown rn that in Lake Joanna, landater housewives who left their linen has a em the lines overnight found it of s Lngot all commensurate with the labour which ad been bestowed uponit A gentleman, had been out in the rain, got home beo 12 o'clock at night, and was erprie looking at his 'belltoppe' on Sturday to find it all sfotted over with brawn Hra Another who had an umbrella disocer( mud-stains upon it without beine acl to account how they came there. at Maidon, Dayleoford. and Barker's Creek t same appearances were observable, and it may have extended beyond theselimit,. Th cause of this phenomenon is attriLnabhle to dust in the atmosphere, which may har been transported for a rensideral l diLtar( and was carried down by the rairu Similar appearances have been noticed in the Sandhurst district. A Nmhu, telegram to the " Daily Tee. graph" says that in consequence of the scarcity of water in the MIelee scrub, the wild dogs have been constantly heard aboea the homes of the selectors, and those who have sheep have to take the greatest coee of them. As many as seven dogs have bee seen in one pack. Fortunately, yestee.ay and to- day we have had a splendid fall of rain. The dry season has broken, and aw. ing may be begun with perfect safety. A LAD named Bryce M'Kinnon, employed in the stare of 'Messrs D. Laidlaw sot Cc, of Hamilton, died suddenly whilst at his work on Friday. On Saturday as inquesta was held by Mr Orme, P.M., coroner, whoae Dr Dickinson deposed that the cause of delth was sanguineonus apoplexy. lb e? sidered the apoplexy arose fron eonstiti;. tional causes, but thought it very unusual fcr a boy of deceased's age to be attacked hby apoplexy. A verdict in accordance .ti t!e doctor's evidence wasreturned. Tnu adjourned annual mee'ing of the Dimboola Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held at the Shire Hall, on ThurEday afternoon next at 3 o'clock for the purpose of appointing officers for the ensuingyear, and making preliminary arrangements for holdingna show at Dimboola. OnUR Warracknabeal correspondent writes: -" Your many readers in this district mill be p'eased to learn that Dr C: r:oll has q2.i recovered from his recent shock, and is now able to resume his practice." TDE reports from the princi.-l to')acom plantations in the Albary district aee (says an " Age" telegram) more encouraging than they were some time ago. In mest instancec the crop will be a fair one, and in some cases it is likely to prove above the average, unless heavy frosts intervene between the present time and the harvesting which commences in about a week or ten days hence. At Tumut, for example, the total yield is esti timated at 300 tone, against GO tons for hlast year. At Hillas Creek, on the other hand the returns will be much less than in the previous season, the first planting haring been entirely lost. A c.sxOnir named Baker sustained injuries by an accident on the Great Northern line, Adelaide, on Saturday evening (says an " Age" telegram.) Re was riding a tricyde along the line when the down train coming behind him, knocked him off the line, break iog the machine and fracturing both his leg. His escape from instant death seems miraculous. GREAT depredations have been committed by foxes in same parts of the shire of Barrabool. Hen roosts have been robbed cf the choicest kinds of poultry, and the fores bid fair to become a nuisance of even more serious moment than that occasioned by the rabbit plague. At the last meeting of the Shire Council it was agreed (says the "Geelong Advertiser") to invite the co-oner. ation of neighboring local bodies in officring bonus of 10s for the scalp of every fox killeJ. It is feared that unless decided action is taken, poultry farmers, as well as sheep graziers, will soon have to complain. MR Biddle, the station master at Werribhe, received his dismissal from the Railway Com missioners ou Tesdlay last. The grounds of his dismissal are based on the fact ithathe was absent from his station at the .time a goods train was to pass, and had left an in competent person in charge. The residents of Werribee consider that Mr Biddle has been somewhat harshly treated, and con tend that his dismissal will prejudice his case when it comes on for hearing at the Central Criminal Court. Mr Speight, hao ever, thinks that there was no other sourse for him to take, as JMr Biddle would hare ci be dismissed under any circumstar !oar neglect of duty, and deferrinag SIe di5* misoal would only be keeping Sir Niddle in suspense. A RAnHRn amusingincid?nt ocerredat tle Customs Department on Friday (states th. "Telegraph") which will have thle effect t making the number of prosecntions uiser the ''rades'-marks Statute one le.s thlds year than it would have been othlewisre. S tO days ago a sample of spirits found pson the premises of a certain tublican was securcsd and lodged in the inmost recesses of a c:P board in the room of the cLiel exeis oflicer, Mr Hammond. It is a rutLe f 4:l desprtment that samples thus secured sheo?t be opened and tested in the presence of thCe persons upon wuhose premises they sre found. Yesterday a number of publican attended at the laboratory ot the desrte ment to see their samples opened, an amongst them the boniface from w~ore Flpes the sample in question had been ohtainsed As soon as it was brought down stairs frai. Mr Hammond's room, Mr Publicon. who is a thorough son of the Emerald Is:e, ante just to be allowed to look at it, and the bottle was handed over to him. It hitd scarcely reachled his hands, however, before a sudden nervousness seeead to seize hi, for the bottle fell to the floor (lwhichh flagged) with a loud eash, and the sample was lost for ever. He was, of course, prom fuse in his apologies but the faces rI the oflicers present were studies in themselveS and although they could say nothing in to way of aees-.tion they looked who!= volumes at him. PAnA?au?r stands prorgued to the 9tb May, and it is the intention of the C.sover menot before that day to advise His E?ellenly the Acting-Governor to proclaim a frthc?r prorogation until the 10th June, the seond Tuesday of that month, on which day t Houses will meet for the despatch of businu. DUenxrao his recent visit to india, 1 5. Bosisto, l.L.A., cellected the sceds of a large number of trees and shrubhs used in the manufacture of dyeing tan. He hasgiOWO them to the Agricaltural department, -h whom experiments will he made with the view of ascertaining wheheher such tree5 o shrubs an be grown here. IA a special meeting of the Nhill 1ospi' committee the resignation of Dr. J 'chm. was recently appointed resident medl oficer of the institution was received. menbhiei of the commintiteeo (says t .he? . Free.P esa") considered themseif H * with:a great want of courtesy by Dr. - whohas returned to his oldpractice a Ter?n - -e- man l'itchard, whose name was s pleasantly associated a short time backl , eith the .'seduction" question, in Ballarat, ty lad a very narrow escape from rough hand. Jg at Geelong (says the "EveningPost"). itehurd was returning from his employ. .ment, when he was set upon and booted by t} nkmber of Ballarat youths, who, but for a Te pres-nce of the police, would doubtless a nre0 handled him rather roughly. p7oLIC-SErEGEANT Cahill of Dimboola, who i sal rl vrrdici gi .i against him at the last b forsham County Court for the wrongful nrrest of a man nsamel Timmine, was directed to proceed to Melbourne last week for the pn-rige f undergoing a medical examination, je havi:g been re, orted as unfit for duty. r Sell" nnr." states that a telegram has b been received stating that, in consequence of a Eing enasb!e to pass the medical board, the srgrea: has been dism sael from the force. t TfnE ",hakcr Manifesto" has the fol- s -owing:-' alf a teaspoonful of common i table salt disalveod in a little cold water and drank will instantly relieve heartburn and l ,cpsýl. If tal:en every morning before tbakf2ls, increasing the quantity gradually to a t.spoonful to a glass of water, it will, in a fewa day, cure any ordinary case of girlolepia, if, at the same time, duoe atten- i tiona is pail to the diet. There is no better remocdy than the obve for conetipation-no bet:rc argie for aore throat. It is equal to dhina'oe ef ,,poah, and is entirely safe. It may be c?ed as often as desired, and if a little is swallowrd each time, it will have a beneficial fitset on the throat by cleansing it Y and allaying irritation. In dosesof one to four teaspoonfuls in half a pint of tepid water it acts promptly as an emetic; and in cases of poisoniog is always at hand. It is an excellent remedy for bites and stings of insects, and a valuable astringent for hemorr tagae, particularly for bleeding after the ex trro.cun of a tooth. It has both cleansing .al hleai,g properties, and is, therefore, a iost excellent application for superficial ulceration." lnz "Clones Guardian" narrates a very amusing story of a local publican, who, Laving some suspicion as to the virtue of his wife, resolved to see if hisfes fears were correct. He told her, accordingly, that he would be : yv from home on important business for ro-: tIme, Ln i:..terad of leaving the district as he had pr, teided, secreted himself in a fisascd cellar beneath the bar. A week p?sed aid nothing arose to justify his dis si:;,:.icti"n, but he became grievously tired ci i.a d.rk confiner.:cnt, and at times tre meds.::y hungry. The lady, on the other ihad col. not' account for the nightly raids that were ma'3 on the larder, until finally cue of the cildren, who arose one morning at. dab:ctak, captuaed "papa" in a very baggasd and dirty condition, just as he lwas dir:,p!ea-ohng through the trap-door in the floor, leaving a track of bread crumbs behind Liei. TLe poor man has been dreadfully " chafed," and is now laid up with rhec m??ic_, caught in the chill air of his" dungeon cell." Tuo Brighton Court was again occupied on Triday (says the "Argus") in hearing the case again-s James Hawthorn, for the murder of hi L:-er . Constable Oliver's examination ctapicd from 10 a.m. to 3.10 p.m. Oliver gcit one important piece of evideneenot pre. ioius'y rdieted, viz., that while he was in dcratsd'a bedroom on the morning the latter was shot, deceased said, " The man that I have so often complained to you about has at !ct <Cne it." Deccased pointed to the srindow indicating the place from which the shot had been fired. Oliver understood the elcecased to refer to the prisoner, with whom he knew him to he on bad terms. Constable Tirkhan' s examination-in-chief "was partly iispose of, and the Court adjourned shortly hd?re 5 till 9.30 on Tuesday morning neat. A .ota in the south of England has sue. ceeded in pulling off a noveltreble event. he took £300 to one that he named the winner of the Waterloo Cup, that he walked six miles in an houar, and that he named the winner of the Croydon International Hurdle Tam. What a "treble I" TnrnE were 31 soap and candle works in oper.tion in Victoria, during the year ended ldarch 31, 1883, employed 472 lhans, and producing 135,570 cwt. of soap, and 62,15S t?t of candler. The value of the machinery was £320,490. An extraordinary fall of rain visited the dMurchison district last week, and on the Greenough flats, rain and hail came down in torrents, and in two hours the ice and water were two feet thick in one of the local flour mii". A r:ahrEc novel case was heard at the &cBL;:stopl Police Court on Thursday (states the "Corrier.") A young woman, named lizabeth Sophia North, proceeded against Stephern Bennett, to recover £7 lOs, money lent. ir. T. Mann appeared for defendant. It appears that the young woman was com paratively well off, having a house and garden of her own. She was to marry defendant when she received £40 from a person named Chandler. The hot blood of youth flowed in the viens of the enamored pair, hbut the im _-rant ceremony could not be entered upon the intended bridegroom was well clad. Ooordingly, the fair plaintiff, as she stated lent her soon-to-be better half the £7 10s to :?t a suit of clothes for a wedding garb. ;3lendant then refused to mary her, and refcsed to return the money, though she had aked him twice. Defendantdeposed thathe had nrever received any money from plaintiff. Shelhal given the money to his mother un bsnse :o him. Mrs. Plater, the mother of defenaiant, said that she lknew nothing of Ilaintiff giving her the money till after ddetlendat had worn the clothes. She then tol!d hr son to take the clothes back, but plaintif rafuscd to take them. Plaintiff 1odd not marry defendant, as she had receiveord £5 only from Chandler, andnot £AC. Mrs. Moore also gave evidence. The bench Odered defendant to pay the fiull cost of his We-ddUag Oufit with 10s eoste. A O-L named James Forsyth, a coach. painsr, noa' living in Hamilton, states, ,(ays the "iSpetator") that he was wrll cquaeinted with the real Arthur Orton in Adelaide about 24 years ago, as he used to Serre his housekeeper with meat; and althoughl he might not be able to identify 1iO after this Iapse of tim he is prepared to cwear that the claimant now in prison is not the ame man as the WTapping butcher of his long ago acqualintance. ir.us.ra, who is at present awaiting his -?Ol in the Portlannd gaol for the Panmure murder, is displaying some concern now that the date of his trial is drawing near. Hitherto (tasa i Herald" telegram) he has appeared di8frent,- and an observer would regard l atrely as an ordinary farmer. He is ery deaironasto be removed to Warrnambol 2a order that the members of his family mght e able to Isee him oftener. He talks sI bhe were confident of being acquitted. lis cOsnveresation is taken np to a great ex tent rith his plans for thie future. His appearancm is becoming hggaord, and the 10g c nfintmtnt seems to be telling upon ls hlabltb. _- TComas Young directs attention to the aeo Mr-. tplrling'a sale Which I as baen ?Ilered to Thereay next. A csurrsEE meeting of the Borshsm and F nera district P. and A. Society is , aslkd S iroday next, at 3.30 o'clook. 5lis. ficharmaun and Krnger announce ya lhrge con igonnet of dresses will be el~o c0 Friday nect. lin. Tomas Yoj o anroonees the folk = i:?Les :-At Ve'CII hi6mt esd lahy, \- ?xriqg sale of 7,400 "sheie;- at Doosn" on ""e._ y, stock fsdnitui~;irnaTmhomlie on .a of Mr. James Smart:;?and on:'rie Sa h ous ehold furnitsre, ke.) 'ir onB~,Hocahadr :·. · 