THE NOVELIST. MRS. CARNEGIE'S HUSBAND.* Br A. C.F AUIHOB OF " THK THRKK MISS KINGS," kc. CHAPTER M. MRS. ELLIS TON'S HISTORY. When two dear friends begin to talk toge ther as Mary Carnegie and Hester KUiston talked that night, they find it very hard to leave off. One revelation leads to another: reciprocal sympathy begets mutual conU dences ; the customary veils of reticence are, one by one, withdrawn ; long-hidden, sacrea secrets are brought forth. Before they came in out of the moonlight-summoned by the sound of carriage wheels on the gravel-Mrs. Elliston had not only listened to her friend's story, but had been beguiled by the in fluences of the hpur into giving a brief out line of her own. She " had not meant" to speak of herself, she Baid; but somehow she could not help it. It was a very Bad little tale, and tragic too, though not so very different from the every day experience as was that which had just been told to her. Her father was the curate ln-charge of a parish in the fen country, whose rector lived abroad for the benefit of hiB health-as wealthy rectors in those days were frequently obliged to do. The rector! drew an ample revenue from his ecclesiastical -estate, all of which he was able to enjoy in iiis own person; while his curate had the meaare income and the abundant fatnily which were peculiar to curates who had brought no "interest" into the church. The stately and spacious rectory, sur rounded by its. well-kept gardens and orchard-houses, was the. abode of a soli tary housekeeper and her attendant kitchen maid from one year's end to another; the curate dwelt in a sordid cottage in the village street, and, later, in a weird, old, tumble-down mansion in the middle of a wet meadow, the rent of which was nominal in consideration of its bad reputation for ghosts-a reputation that had disqualified it as a residence and ruined it as a property tor many years before he went to live there. Hester was the second baby of the five that were born in the cot tage, and she was a pale little girl of seven when the family, overflowing its narrow bounds, moved into the larger house ; a little, slim, old-fashioned, dreamy, nervous child, all frightened eyes and towsled hair, who wept over her story-books when nobody was looking, and almost went into convulsions if she was left alone in the dark. She was one of the many children of kind and well- mean ing parents, whose childhood is only remem bered as a sort of nightmare in the past-a time of terror and suffering not to be tnought of without a shudder, even when compared ' with the grave troubles of later life. In the well-populated house she was a lonely, shy, and neglected little waif; and when she did happen to be an object of attention to her elders it was almost sure to mean sorrow in some shape. Her parents, with tempers soured and nerves overwrought, were not careful to discriminate when dealing out cor rection to a batch of obstreperous children ; and the little injustices thai followed, and which some of the boys and girls incepted with perfect equanimity and disposed of as the. ott-quoted duck disposes .of the water poured upon its back, simply crushed Hester's tender Bpirit to the earth, and broke her heart. . She was very dull at her lessons, which were administered in adesul tory manner bya harsh and pedantic maiden aunt, who insisted upon proficienoy in arithmetic and kindred sciences, which the poor little brain, bright and active in many directions, was not able to cope with. Daily tears were shed over sums that would never come right; daily punishments ensued, and nightly head aches supervened; with the result that Mrs. Elliston, at the present time, may be cheated by anybody in the matter of small change, though addicted to the mast scrupulous economies. She loved history, though 6he could not remember dates; and she loved poetry, long stanzas of which she would re peat word for word after once reading over, if it happened to be the kind that took her fancy. But light studies of that sort were but too sparingly permitted by the aunt; and imagination, craving for sustenance, was driven to feed surreptitiously upon the Lon don Journal, lent, after beiug thumbed to the colour of her owujjrimy hands, by the maid of all work. This same imagination, snatching a fearful joy in the contemplation of the tragic loves and trials of the. gorgeous creatures swarming in that popular periodical, was at once the greatest bane and the chiefest Bolace of Hester's life. In childhood it was the cause of sufferings quite sufficient to account for the want of colour in her small face-though no one suspected how real and Berious they were, livery night, when she climbed the carpetless, creaking stairs, and sped along the hollow-sounding passages, on her way to bed, she underwent tortures of nervous terror that would have made her mother's heart bleed had she known of it - She saw eyes in every dark corner, watching her- dim shapes crouching to spring upon her ; she heard footsteps stealthily dogging her own as they stumbled and liew through the dreadful house, winged by fear. The traditional ghost-the victim of a bygone murder, whose throat bad been cut in a rat-haunted attic by whiph she had to pass to her gable bed chamber-^appeared and walked now, if it had.never done so before. The child, who was .condemned to_ the torment of this solitary nightly pilgrimage by her father and aunt (as a cure for superstitious nonsense, and a means ot instilling into her mind that God was in the dark as well as in the day light, and would take care of her), saw the white shadow and the red wound, and heard the sigh? and groans of that grisly spectre, as plainly as she saw the stars shining through the windows and heard the wind howling in the chimneys. And the effect upon her was such that she could not sleep as children ought to sleep, but started and cried in the night, and tnade wild clutches at her elder sister, who slept with ber-provocative of frequent slaps and other remonstrances. from that young lady, who never, saw. ghoBts and wag never afraid of atVMUeher mental health, which from the first bad a tendency to morbid delicacy, was thus rudely tampered with, her httle body was clothed and ted in a manner ill suited to its constitutional requirements. Most of her brothers and sisters throve fairly well on the coarse fare which was with difhculty supplied insufficientquantitytosatisfy the hunger of ten growing boys and girls, and could brave Starch winds and winter snows in thm gar ments and broken boots with more or less impunity; but she was not liketbem. 1< rorn some remote source she. had <inherited a sensitiveness to external impressions, spiritual and material, which was unkiwwn to any other member of ber immediate family, and which nobody ha4 eyes to «ioti<»ortune to attend to; and BO her chilblained feet failed right ot tiubllehlng " Mn. Otrnecle's HuT bfcnd" hM been purchased by th* proprietors ci 4 Ttn AmtralMlMi." her when the. others ran about and warmed themselves, and the blood that mantled in their ruddy faccs grew thin and cold about her heart She cowered and shivered through theintter. winters in the domo and draughty house, where coals were precious and tires scarce; she literally starved upon the un tempting food prepared for her; she was always ailing with colda and agues; she did not grow. And the mother, herself an invalid, worn out with her struggles and privations and unending babies, was unable to do any thing to mitigate the wretchedness of the little one's life, even had she known how wretched it was. Care and comfort, and some warmth of social suushiue, would doubtless have nursed her into a healthy and happy woman; but the conditions of society (which cave the rector gout from a repletion of good things) deprived her from the beginning of all chance of realising that blessed lot, although she had a right to realise it, and might so easily and cheaply have been enabled to do BO. As she grew into girlhood, however, though she did not grow strong, she fouud interests and pleasures of her own that went far to gild the gloom of her narrow exis tence. A nature that could sutler so much from trifles was, of course, gifted with the corresponding faculty for the enjoyment of trifles; and the vivid imagination which furnished so many terrors provided her also with consolations such as no one dreamed of. Her appetite for books was voracious, notwithstanding her shortcomings in the schoolroom. She swallowed thein whole, whatever they were-so long as they were not lesson books, and with a decided pre ference for romances when she could get them; secreting them in holes in the iloor, under the mattress of her bed, and even in hollow trees in the garden, lest her father or aunt should discover and confiscate them. The London Journal and some highly-spiced missionary tracts (with horrible woodcuts illustrating idolatry in the performanoe of its sacrilicial rites) were the earliest samples of sensational literature that fell in her way; and they inflamed her fancy to fever heat Later on a village acquaintance lent her some tattered novels by Ouida and Miss Braddon-which (the former especially) also worked upon her young mind with great force. The same effect was produced by the Heir of Hedcliffe and Westward Ho, Jane f.yre and the Scarlet Letter, and all the numerous and miscellaneous works of fiction that she ingeniously managed to -acquire. Before she was well in her 'teens she had absorbed ideas that would have been strong meat for her aunt or mother, and which would have horritied those good women to the last degree; but, though they stimulated her precocious intelligence in a way that was perhaps injurious to both her physical and moral constitution at the time, they did her no harm in the long run. At the age of seventeen she had ranged so far and wide in all fields of thought and fancy that she was able to set up impartial and in dependent opinions of her own, and to discriminate amongst authors, and between the wheat and chaff of their productions, with a good deal of sound judgment and true literary taste. She " formed her mind," as we say, by this rough and ready method, and equipped it very fairly, upon the whole As she was not " brought up,'' in the ordinary sense, but had to bring up herself, and be her own guide, philosopher, ttnd friend, she might have adopted a far worse system. Fortunately, she was a favourite with the rector's housekeeper, who, her maternal heart being troubled by the child's starved appearance, invited her to the rectory to tea, and to sundry informal entertainments, in which cake, broth, and port wine played an important part; and who, having ministered to the weakly body, allowed the hungry mind to feast itself in the rector's library-always provided that hands were scrupulously washed and paper covers put over the fine calf bindings before the feast began. In this library, squatted on the soifc Turkey carpet, the child read nil the Waver ley Hovels from the first to the last, and all,Thackeray s, and all Bulwer's; and here, also, Bhe read the English poets, from Chaucer to Tennyson, and any number of the standard works proper to a good library (but mostly treated as mere furniture by those who possess them), thus educating herself more tho roughly than if she had been at boarding school all the time. At seventeen she had a knowledge of general literature and belles Icttrcs that few acquire until middle life; and she was herself the, unsuspected author of a considerable collection of sensational^ little tales and sentimental verses- inscribed m two or three copybooks that were hidden under the floor of the haunted attic chamber when she was away from home, lest profane eyes should light upon them. At seventeen she was not only an om nivorous reader, but a writer also, sitting up at night with pen and ink and a farthing rushlight, hours after her brothers and sisters were asleep, her feet damp and cola, her brain on fire- trying to give utterance to unspeakable thoughts. Which being the case, and her powers of endurance what they were she broke down disastrously, bhe began to be subject to new forms of mental hallucination-to eee ghosts more ternble than she had ever seen before (the family called them "nightmares,' only they hap pened always to appear at the time when she was most acutely wide awake); and at eighteen these aberrations culminated in a brain fever, which as nearly as possible made an end of her. How she lived through it was eo much of a marvel in medical experience as to be considered worthy ot a paragraph in the Lancet; and it left her, through free from ghosts and in a eane and wholesome frame of mind, with a body subject to new weaknesses-an arm that never re covered from the paralysis that had affected it, a back that could never hold itselt up without support, a memory more treacherous than it used to be, and a cruel tendency to neuralgia of the most, ferocious and compre ^Wheu'tSe crisis was past, and she began to recover her strength, as rapidly as the latter ailment would permit of-which was at a snail's pace-and mainly by the help of broths and jellies supplied daily from the rectory kitchen, Hester was ordered ^htage of air . and for the first time in her li»eisue left her home and the little fen village which had been her world. She did not go fcuv for her illness had already plunged her fatheunto inextricable debt, and there was no money for travelling expenses ; she was eent by a carrier's cart to a neighbouring cathedral town, and there hospitably entertamed hs a truest by a sister of her friend the rectors hoiiRekeener-the wife of one of the "vgrgers who carried black rods before the bishop and prebendaries at the daily minster aemces. At Mrs. Smithson's quiet little _ house, Jiiest linK in a green corner within the pretendal Se ncte-a house where there we# no children, no fretful and scolding voices,1 only the most exquisite older the mo^Mect Le an was peace atidhomely comfort-the girl m£. fcaassysswi B?fifBSB!Ss£lSSS$fK sweet and grateful disposition, she was petted and coddled like a beloved child. Com plete rest, good food and nursing, -and- the extraordinary charm of her new surroundings, helped on her convalescence day by day, breaking for the time the forse of her neu ralgic attacks, so that at a month'aend she was a 1 moat plump and quite blooming and pretty, scarcely recognisable by the rector'a house keeper, and un object of the greatest pride to Mrs. Smithson. During this month two events took place. Her father, after being curate in one parish for nearly a quarter of a century, was pre sented by the dean and chapter to a living -lifted from the lowest deeps of debt and destitution into the luxury and affluence of three hundred a year. And the wife of a minor canon, who had taken a fancy to Hester, offered her the post, of nursery go verness to her children at the correspondingly munificent salary of twenty pounds per annum. In each case the bounty of Pro vidence was gratefully accepted and acknow ledged. The curate's numerous family (with the exception of some boys at free schools, and the eldeBt girl who was already in a situation) moved out of the dismal haunted house into a cheerful vicarage a few miles off, where they made an effort to recover certain habits of domestic decency and decorum that had fallen into long abeyance; and Hester, with a quarter's salary in advance, bought herself a couple of neat frocks, a pretty bonnet, and her first pair of kid gloves, and took up her abode in one of the mediaeval re sidences of the Close-a house full , of the fragrance of social culture and refinement, that she was BO fitted to assimilate and thrive in, and where all the really happy days of her life were spent It was in the spring-time of the year-dry, cold, bright March weather, when leaf-buds were beginning to sprout, and birds to sing and build in the quiet gardens that encircled the cathedral, and which were themselves shut in completely by a girdle of grey walls and gateways from the common I world outside, and, like the violets and | daffodils that blossomed in the prebendal borders, nursed into life and beauty by the first warm sun-she expanded in the new 1 atmosphere into a fair womanhood that her pinched youth had not foreshown to anyone. She was small and slender, and her face was ' large-eyed and thin, but she took a delicate bloom and brightness in these happy days that made her, if not beautiful, at least very interesting and attractive, which answered just as well. A dim consciousness of being so, and of being beloved and valued in the minor canon's household, gave her help to overcome the shyness and awkwardness en gendered by her solitary life and sensitive temperament, and to make her manners as sweet and modest as her mien, and gave her anew strength of self- confidence that was extremely healthful and beneficial, especially to her intellectual constitution. During the year that followed-while she lived and dreamed and steeped herself in the shadow of the cathedral, which to her young ima gination embodied all greatness and gran deur and sacred perfection-while she poured out her soul, her passionate beart rather, in the daily prayers, in the Hood of divinest music that daily ebbed and flowed through those majestic aisles-while she dwelt in peace amongst kindly and well-bred people, surrounded by llowers and. books and culti vated society, and all pleasant and relining inlluences-her brain developed a new activity that was no longer the activity of d.sease; her mind grew more robust upon the wholesome nourishment supplied to it; her aspiring and sympathetic spirit found inspiration in the atmosphere it lived in to soar on steadier wing and to greater heights than ft had ever soared before. 