IN THE GLOAMING. A GALAX? OF QHOBTS. (From Beeton * Annual.) Dr. Bushnbll, in hid grand work, " Nature and the Supernatural" lays it down as an axiom that there is nothing beyond the reach of Almighty direction, and that those devia tions from the received laws of nature which • we are t*o apt presumptuously to pronounce impossibilities are simply matters which our finite comprehension cannot fathom. It is interesting to notice how generally un impressionable children and very young people are with regard to supernatural appearances, and we hare every reason to think they are ex ceptions to the general rule, and not eridences against it. %We have known children of susceptiblo and nervous temperament, who could be worked up into paroxysms of ter-or by nursery tales of thieves and robbers, listen quite un concernedly to the most thrilling stories of ghostly appearances. Who has not read of the children of Kpworth Kectory, who«e marvel Ions coolness under the visitations of the family ghost is recorded by Abel Stevens in his Life of Wesley P These children, when in terrupted in their play by the noisy tappings of the ghost, would simply say to each other, . " Oh, it is only the ghost!" and continue their game. It is mostly in msturer years that our restless yearnings to discover the mysteries of the unseen world, or at least to a^cnunt for the few glimpses we may have h*d oF it, become most intense, especially when the angel of death has torn from our arms some cher ished member of oar little circle. We may go hand in hand with our loved ones to the Tery brink of the dark river, but there we must leays them 5 and oh. how we struggle and agonise and passionately pray—alas, how fruit lessly !—for but one glimpse beyond the veil, for but one brief message of comfort or of .warning from the shadowy land into which our cherished ones have vanished 1 It is strange, too, that while the reil which . parts the visible from the invisible world is think and im:ervions to the more delicate, fragile, and susceptible children of clay, it seems at times perfectly diaphanous to some of the hard-working, practical children of toil whose spiritual sensibilities might be supposed •, to be of the dalles* an' most obtuse kind. Tbe events which we record in this p <per are from ■ * the narration of p rsou« or strict veracity We \- begin with one told by a pious and useful \ minister of the Church of Snglaid. He says— * I was brought up by my grandfather and grandmother, who resided in the old family mansion on the banks of the Derwenfc, in Derby shire This venerable place, which had belonged to our family from the time of the Norman con quest had a wide repetition for being haunted, and indeed the strange noises which were heard, and the strange tricks which were played, for which no thing rational could account, made tbe belief of general acceptance. From genera tion to generation no deith occurred in our family without some supernatural warning being given ; and in what I am about to tell ; yon I was the person visited for Ibis purpose. ' When I was about seventeen years of age it was rather suddenly agreed that I should go with *' granny " as I called her, to pay a "visit of a few days to my parents, who lived in the suburbs of Manchester. During the past summer my youngest sister, lizzie, with whom I had b* n very little ac quainted before, had paid us & visit at the time of haymaking and I remember th nking that she was the most beautiful child 1 had ever seen "Always in white, with loveh auburn hair floating in long curls over her shoulders, and playfully darting in end out among the bay-makers, she appeared to he something angelic, and when her visit was ended I quite grieved over h»r departure, f was th- refo'e much pleased when granny asked me to accompany her to Manchester, as I should see my dearlittlesisteragain \ year before, we had lost an aunt t9 whom we were deeply attached, and her bereaved hatband was at the present time inhabiting one wing of oar family mansion. It was the 19th of December, 185—, that after carefully packing my box for the journey and laying quite at the bottom of the box. as it stooi in a corner of my room, some articles of black crape »hich I had worn At my aunt's funeral, I went to pay a farewell visit to my uncle in his partof the bouse. Aft*r f had eat with him som* time the ball clock struck four, and just at that moment I lelt a deadly chill and shivering all over me, exactly as if I had been suddeoly plunged into cold water. I became deadly pale, and my uncle in an alarmed tone asked what was the ma'ter with me. I •aid I did not know, but that I had never felt such a strange sensa'ion befoie. My uncle imagined I must have taken cold and recom mended my going early to bed, as I was to travel the following day. * Having quite recovered from my unpleasant feelings, Xspentthe evening as uaaaland retired to bed at the accustomed time. Now, my bed room was at the en > of a long, narrow corridor, and exactly opposite the door by which I • entered was the door of a room said to be haunted, which was always kept closed, and which no servant in the house could be per cuaded to enter; indeed, they very unani mously avoided going into the corridor itself after dark, though it opened into many bed rooms besides my own. I had two or three times, while a boy, been in the haunted room with my grandfather; T saw nothing remark able about it but a good deal of mouldy, old fashioned furniture, and an immense, funereal looking bed at one end, with hangings which had once been splendid but were now drop ping to pieces from age and neglect. The bed in. my room stood exactly facing the door by which I entered, and the door of ' the haunted room across the passage. Another door on the same sido of the room was blocked up by my box, which stood againat It I can not distinctly remember whether or" not in entering for the night I closed my bedroom door, but think it 0,1 most certain that I did so, for it was December and the weather very cold I went to ted full of my to morrow's journey, and not giriog a single thought to either ghosts or haunted rooms, went fast to sleep How long I slept I cannot, guess, but 1 found myself sitting up in bed intently watching the door of my room, which was wiae open, and the door of the haunted room, which was also open, and wnich I could see distinctly across the corridor as the moonlight fell upon it. From this room came a figure which I watchod across the passage, and which on approaching my bed I at once recognised as the aunt X had lost tbe year before, dressed in the same clothes I had last seen her in. She had a most fond and tender expression on her face, but it changed into an angry frown when, stretching over the side of the bed, I tried to embrace her, ex claiming, "Oh, dear aunt, is that you ?" I folt that I clasped the empty air, the figure vanish ing in an instant from my sight. I thought I had been dreaming, and lay down again, to wake up a short time afterwards and see again the figure of my auot, but now differently J dressed, advancing from the haunted room into mine, this time not comiDg to the bed but going to the box I bad packed and placed in the corner readv for the next I ray. I hi- sbe appeared to rummage over, dis placing the contents and then tossing the things I back again. I warehed ber with the greatest astonishment, and saw her go slowly out of my door into the door of the haunted room. X don't know whether I slept again or not; but) a third time X was sitting up tn bed, a third [ time my aunt came in, this time close np to the bed, in long, flowing white clothes - a dress in which X had never seen her. X almost gasped out, Dear aunt, why do you come ?" to which she replied, very clearly aud distinctly, but with something of effort, " L come to make an important communication, but it is all com pri-ed in these words: Poor Lizzie! But don't grieve: Lizzie is quite happy ' As she finished these worde X started from th« bed J with outstretched arms, b t she had vanished and X fell heavfy to the floor where she had I stood. I suppose that after getting back to bed I slept till morning, but as soon as I saw my [ grandmother X told her all tbe circumstances and made her look at my box, which was in J the greatest diso-dei, and all the articles of mourning which I had placed at the bottom of tbe box I found at the top Mt grandm ither looked grave but said nothing, i still persisted in thinking it but a carious dream, and we started on our journey that very morning I was quite in my ususl spirits when we a-rived at the last railway station From here we'had still a long walk to where my parents lived, and as we were not expected, I pleas, d myself by thinking how surprised they would all be. I We arrived, and just as I laid m» hand on the latch of the garden gate to' open it for granny, I felt exactly the same deathly chill and shivering which had come over me while sitting with my uncle the evening before. When I had recovered and we were going up the long gravel walk, I said to my grandmother, " How strange the house looks, granny ! All tbe windows are draped with white, and I never remember my mother's room having white cur tains before." Granny made no answer, and as we knocked at the door my mother opened it, led us into the hall, a" d received us mo*t I affec ionately, but spoke in a hushed, subdu-d tone which frightened me Her first words were, " How glad I am that you are come' we looked for you some hours sgo." "How can that be," we replied, " when we meant to sur prise you, and did not write that we were | qraiiog? " •' But did you not," said she "get my two letters ? —the one in which I wrote of I dear I izzie's dangerous illneu from scarlet fever a week ago. end one to tell you of her death at 1 o'clock yesterday, which last ought to have reached you before you started this morning ? " I his was a' dreadful blow to us, for, as we told my mother, we bad received I neither lettr. When we were a little recovered from the shock, my mother told ns that, the day before, Lizzie knew she was dying and said the felt quite happy: she took leave of all the ] family then at home, and referring to me said " I shou-d have liked to say good-bye to dear I Tom—poor Tom Give my love to Tom 1" As she said these last words she fell back and passed away j just at that moment the clock sti-uck four. he died, then, exactly at the time when X felt the deathly chill white sitting with my uncle. * After my grandfather's death I was placed till I was flve-and-twenty in business with a master who proved to be a professed atheist. Finding me to be an intelligent lad and more than usua ly well grounded in the Scriptures, he made it his daily business, by specious ar gument and covert ridicule, to undermine my Christian belief, and often flattered himself that he wss on the point of succeeding He 1 certainly would have done so but for my re membrance of my aunt's appearance in my bedrrom at the time of '.izzie's death. When ever I had time lor reflection and thought of that, I felt, assured that there wae not only a State of heing after death, but a directing power by whose ageflcy even a disembodied spirit could return to the scene of its earthly pilgrimage.' A clergyman is credited with the following I curious occurrence in his father's family before he was born, which related to his eldest brother, then a baby in arms :—' His father having come into the inheritance of a large estate, was having s?me alterations and addi tions made to the house, and pending tho c >m pletion of these engaged a house in the imme diate neighbourhood. When his family arrived a spacious, airy room on the second floor was I given up to the nurse and the baby, then only seven months old. The very day of their taking possession the nurse found that her little charge, nsuatly so quiet and good-tempered, began, when the evening draw on, to soream most violently, »nd more particularly when,' in walkioe up and down to quiet him, she passed before a large, empty closet at one aide if the room! indeed, it eeemed unaccountable that the baby appeared, by an irresistible fascination, always to turn h.s head towards the closet, and to scream so that el e feared he would go into convulsions. This continued for eomo days, only towards evening, and always at the same time. The uutso to d her mi-tress, and Mrs. thoughut advisable to ' herself, when it was found that the child a ox citemont entirely ceased, und it became as placid a. usual. After Captain —.removed to hie own house, the one he had hired was pulled down by the landlord, and under the floor of thu empty closet was found the skeleton of a person who had evidently been murdered and hidden away there long years before. There wore no ru mours in the place implicating any of the recent owners of the house in question, but a Tory Old woman reumwuo. ™ her youth of the mysterious disappearance ot i young girl from the family of a visitor tr that place, who was never heard of again. It is to be supposed that the unconscious baby was in some mysterious manner made aware of the g oetly secret hidden under the cupboard floor. Here is another instance - # 4A young Knglish lady nearly connected with our family, married, while visiting in Germany, a gentleman of rant and fortune, with whose mother, who lived at a distance of about forty miles away, she became a great favourite. At the birth of her first baby she was much distressed that her kind mother- in-law, the Frau von B , was not present, nor did her husband .venture to tell her that illness-not, however, supposed to be dangerous—wsb the cause. All wert well in the rick room, and five diys af erwarde Madame B her baby boy by hrr ride, was sleeping soundly, with her curtains drawn, just as darkness had settled down at the close of a winter's day. t ontrary to her usual custom the nurse, seeing the lady so fast aile-p had left the room to get some thing necessary for the night. Madame B— — awoke on feeling ihe .pressure of an icy-cold hand on her arm, and looking up hastily, saw b? the light of the lamp her mother-in law hanging over her and the baby with a very sad expression on h-r face, which was ashy pale. Baising herself in the bed, the young mother exclaimed, 1 O dearest mother! when did you come ? I am so glad! | The mother-in law sighed deeply, and replied,4 i am only come, dear Alice, io'»ay faTewell for ever; you will never see me more on earth! 1 She instantly vanished out of sight, and the nurse returning, found her lady in a state of great excitement and alarm, calling for her mother in-law and saying that she must be in the house, having just left her bedride. The poor lady . was ill for many days, and it was long before she was told that her husband's mother had died at her own castle, forty miles awa , at the very moment when she stood be side her " The next is a Seaside 8peotre— 4 A sister of this young Madame B was staving at Brighton, with the family of a young friend in a deplorable state of health, but who was gradually getting better under the care of a doctor, clever and zealous, who visited her daily and took the greatest interest i« ber case. He was a tall, slender man, with long, thin fingers, most remarkably white, and a countenance which eeemed to bear the impress of all the woes and troubles of his numerous patients, so deep was the sympathy he felt for those who suffered.' One day there was much sorrow in the family; the kind physician, on whose visits Wy so much depended, died suddenly; none of them dared tell the in valid, and for a few days nothing was said, bur the family noticed that poor Miss S looked very pensive and grave. At length her | mother thought it best to tell her, when she j quietly replied, 4 I have known it from the first; he came and told me himself, and comes I to see me every night V A few nights after j this, for some reason or at other, the invalid 1 went to sleep in a different room, and the young | friend staying on a visit took her place is the , vacated bed. Towards midnight the family, | who kept late hours, retired for the night, and Miss D • too* possession of her friend's bed, quite ign nr&nfc; of tbe d >ctor's nightly visits In about an hour loud shrieks were heard from the room, and the young girl was found on tbe side of the bed, pale, trembling, end almost convulsed with terror. She said that having undressrd and gone to bed, first shot ting and locking the bedroom door, she went fast to sleep, leaving her cortaios undrawn and the lamp on the dressing table alight. 6he was awakened by a rustling noise beri:e her bed, and starting up saw the doctor, dressed just as he was in life, standing there. He then sat down on the side of the bed, and laid his long pale hand on her arm, but the moment he saw that the occupant of the bed was changed, he got up and vanished from her sight before reaching the door. 6trange to say, that very instant he went to tbe room where Miss 8— was aloepiog, and held his customary conversation with her, quite un seen and unheard by Miss D —, & younger sister of the one to whom he had just b^en so plainly visible. After » time hi« visits cetsed.1 The following anecdote is well authenti-1 catedj 'At the close of the Burmeso war, Lieu tenant K , a young officer who had ! been severely wounded in one of the actions, and subsequently attacked by fever, was seot home on sick certificate some months before the return of his regiment, whoso term of service in India had nearly expired. Ho left many friends behind him but none from whom he more deeply regretted to part than Mr. P —, the British collector at Madura, with whom he had been for years on terms of most familiar intimacy. The very first night of his landing in England, after an absence which dated from boyhood, he lay long awake in his b'd at tbe hotel where he had taken up his quarters. He felt very restless, and thought over ill ho had gone through in India, and the friends ha had loft, to soa, probably, no mors Among theas he thought of his friend P It, was past midnight, and ha was still med? taring, when lie heard some one in the room though ha had locked the door before undress! ing. He looked to the side from which tt sound came, and distinctly saw his friend P , not far from the bed, gazing at him ,8rt mournfully. Astonished hejond measure h prepared to step out of bed exel.imitf. "Why, P ! Whatever brings you here?1' His friend waved his hand as if to Jteephimoff shook his head sadly, and gliding towards ths door suddenly disappeared. K — ' remained awake nearly the whole night, quite 'unable to account for what had happened. In due course of time tho mails from • India brought word that P had died of cholera, at Madura after a few hours' ilness, on the very night in which he appeared to Lieutenant K The next tale is a very curious instancs of ghostly warning: 1 Miss Mary fi resided with her father and kept house for him in hie beautiful Kentish villa. The grounds were very extensive, hut Mr. X 's favourite epot was a' group ot large trees within sight of the drawing-room windows. Here he had a garden seat and a small table placed, and was in ths hsbit of smoking his afternoon cigir, and also reading here every day. Miss K was an accom plished horsewoman, and usually, accompanied her father in his daily rides. One day she refused to go, having a bad headache, but fol. lowed Mr. B- to the foot of the stairs and begged him to return in time for-tra, as he hid promised to escort her to a dancing psrty in their neighbourhood, 'to this he agreed and Miss B from the window watched him mount his horse, and ride off. She lay down for a time, hut ai last, feeling reatless, got np, and taking a book eat do an to read. At the usual time the maid came to say that tea was re-dy. ' But,' said Miss K ,' papa has not come home, Mary, and I would -rather waif ' Oh, yes, miss,' sa d the servant; 1 my master has been home for about half an hour, and is smoking in the garden.' Miss K looked from the window and saw her father in bis ac customed place under the trees. She was going downstairs to join him and bring him in to te<, when she paused, hearing a confused murmur of voices in the hail below, \ deadly fear, for which the could not account, seized her, but recovering she went down, to find a group of men from the village, many of whose facei she knew > y sight, bringing in on a shutter the dead body of ber father. His horse had shied, it wu supposed, at a heap of stones at the s de ol tbs road, and his heaa coming in contact with ths atones, death must have been instantaneous. At the time that Mr B was distinctly seen by the servant and his daughter, he was lying a bleeding corpse' Here is another strange story— 1 come time after m> dear mother'e death, I was sitting with my father, Colontl D , in his dressing-room, and we were mutually de ploring our dreadful misfortune, and goiog over, as we were too prone to do, manyol the circumstances attending her last illness. I remarked to him, among other things, thn her illness was in the beginning so slight that I sbonld not have felt the least fear as to the result had I not been extremely discouraged by the sadness and preoccupation, of mind mani fested by himself at that time. My father, after some hesitation, related to me the occur rence which had occasioned his unwonted de pression of spir ts, which I can truly say I listened to in dumb astonishment, so unlikely s person did he appear to have experienced any thing of the sort. ' n e was sitting one evening after dinner with my mother, conversing on various subjects. Thd wine and dessert having been placed oaths table," they d-ew their chairs up to each corner of a blazing fire, the evenings being chilly, though it was only the early autumn. AfUr a time my mother appeared to be dozing m her chair, and my father drew out his hook to make a note of some visit be had to pav the next day. He found, however, that the pencil case he alvsjl carried in his pocket, and much valued as the gifi of an old friend, was l ot there, and. con cluding that be hod left it on his dressing tsN' before dinner, quiotly left the room to fetch it The staircase went up from the hall, snd at the first landing branched off into two imsllef staircases, the one to the left leading to mj mother's apartments, a bedroom and dressing | room fronting the lawn, with a wide luidinp| place and window b»t«een the two rooms I one to the right, through an arched door"f j into a long corri- or, with bedrooms on t | side and a back stsirc.-iso at the cud- , *, Slue ana a naca omiroauo »" as father'e dressing roum was in the nudei-e g the corridor. Having found his pencu-case. | was coming outoi nun orawu « montioned, when he saw my mother before uuz g on the small flight of stairs leading to hero" P rooms, hbo turned into her dressiog ®i and my father, much surprised to see net lowed to give her his arm in coming again, as she was ratbor infirm. What w aatoniihmsnt on entering the. room to one there He oould hardly believe the evidence of his ssnees, and when, on returning^ . dining room, he found my mother m be by the fire exactly es he had left her, h by the fire exactly es he had left ner, u j not what to think When she re"1 , .L,h before tea. he askori whether she had W ' g room since dinner, to which she i»nl§ Hot for a moment.' When my ^.B his death-bed, ho was for somoj101' '((,i rious, but on tho last morniog, hours before death, ho was perfectly and said to me, 'I shall soon lea«J* my child i your dear mother has fetch me !' Then, seeing, doubtless, nJ of awed astonishment, ho added, » ■ j dear wife has lain by my sideiaU had never left his bedside, but b ^ seon nor heard anything unusual, s ^ during the night he seemedi at ints t talking fondly to some one nsar him. -j The foregoing ghost-'stones -.j, u unimpeachable authority. ? jL-mjitl weplegee at ghost »e«r»|ikiiH»>tIlrt thit man tod women of sense and erudition confess to hiring seen ghosts P Not long ago , r«ry curious exp-rience was related in the Jiitianm—M journal not given to joking — and authenticatedby the name and addreee of the dime who had «-en the ghoet eitting with him in the library. We are oureelvee cognisant of some onrious appearanoee; _ and one family, whose collective veracity it is impossible to doubt, have given us particulars whioh it is im poisible to deny, concerning the curious appari tion whioh haunted their house in Kensington, and whioh' followed them to their next resi dence. We were sp< aling of this to a lady the other day, who told us how a relative of hers had been staying in a certain caetloio .•'cotlaud, and there law a peculiar appearance of whioh she had never hear'. A gh-i»t eamo into her room, and gravely waehed its hands from some Mood stains—it is supposed—like a second lady Macbeth. The visitor next morn ing described the ghostly visitant, and a disbeliever volunteered to Bleep in the room with the other guest. These two ladies—lbs one who had seen the ghost, and the other who discredited the atory -went to bed io the haunted room, and both eaw the urns Igure enter and wash her hands aa de scribed Neither lady had any reason to fear the 1 spectre,' and they were in no way.alarmed. Xhst the ghost came they positively declare. We do not presume to explain these appear ances. That some objects—the likenesses of people long passed away, as well as of living people-do apparently preset themselves to our vision, is perfewly true.. Th-y appear to the eye most palpably. Whether tbey are objec tive or subjective images we leave learned dis putants to dec! e We have only seen one ghost ourselves; that any speotre is harmful we oannot b -lieve. But at Christmas time we may indulge in a few anecdotes, and hanca thess tales of ' Sprites and Goblins,' and Ghosts. 