: AMUSEMENTS. ' THE DRAMA, «c! .After a run of lesa tfa'an-a fortnight,Fedora fa announced for withdrawal from the boards of the Royal this evening, The result was anticipated from tho first. Miss Jeffreys. Lewis was wholly incapable of assuming so peculiar a character as that of the countess, 'and in addition she was co badly supported that failure was inevitable, Mr. Allison has not exhibited good gonoralship in his opening campaign, so far as Melbourno is con cerned. It was a mistake to. produce Fedora until a competent company and a leading lady of superior calibre had been engaged. To night a revival of tho Now Magdalen is an nounced — a further display of internal weak ness. This drama possessed a certain interest when adapted from the story which was pub lished in The Leader, because it introduced a supposed incident in tho Franco-German war. In Mr, Dampicr was also found a very fitting representative of tho muscular Christian, and benevolent though eccen- trio parson, and his admirablo aoting gave it a certain amount of go. We are afraid, however, that tho Mr. Dnnipior of tho present is very different from the actor as he was thenknown. At that date his mannerisms, his set ways and terriblo stngincss were not so pronounced. Ho of courso had much of the didactic in his style, and had a method of enunciating his sentences in what might be called solid blocks, but be did not pose after a grotesquo fashion when simply engaged in ordinary conversation, nor did ho for ever seek effect by rapid transitions from tragic intensity to tho melancholic, with a sickly effort occasionally toessay'tbesentimeUtal. Ho was a little nathral, and . that was Baying n good deal for one whose ideas of bis profession ate clearly derived' from tho old Vic. school of aoting. At »ie same timo we arotlw to acknowledge Mr. Dampier's many. amlahfT and valuable qualities.. As a stage anl , therehave beenfewequaltohimconnected with the drama in the colonics, and as Vcxpeiioai.a all round man thoro Is not his equal. He K also appeared in many piocoa very credltaUf and has ovor shown himself earnest and pah taking (n his work. Tested, howover, by a higher standard than ordinary, as in Fedora.' he falls far short of what playgoers look for It will he a sore disappointment should his Julian Gray suffer by the iapso of years. Tlio performance is evidently designed to give him a show, and to cover jMias Jeffreys-Lenin's I discomfiture with some little Bhow of graco and dignity. The Old Corporal lias been drawing good houses at the Opera House during the week and this ovoning Mario' Antoinette, as played by Madame Ristori, will be performed with Signora ."Majoront In the leading part. Playgoers may therefore anticipate a real intellectual treat. Signor Majcroni tcr- minates hie season in Melbourne on the 20th' of June, when he goes with Im company to Sydney, whore he has obtained tho lease of tho Opera House for two years. It is to bo regretted that Melbourne playgoers should not have secured his permanent Eettle- ment amongst them, for with fow exceptions he alone sooms to think of catering for tho public in tho spirit of a gentleman and a scholar. Miss.Genoviore Ward's season at the Prin cess's Theatro is drawing to n close. Tho Qneen's Favorite was withdrawn last evening, and an attractive programme is announced for to- night. Mr. Alexander Maine's recitations at tho Town Hall did not draw as satisfactorily as ho deserved. Ho has an excellent Btylo, easy, graoeful and dignified. He has a good pre sence, a well trained, elastic and not anmnsical voice, expressive features, and throws himself in all seriousness into his business. Somo might think him a ItWo tame, and regard his climaxes as wanting in spirit, but these peculiarities may be explained by a very laudable desire on his part to avoid ranting or exaggeration.' His Phil Blood'd ' Leap was rendered with excellent effect, as were also , many other well known selec tions. It would, perhaps, have been better had ' henppeared at the Athenamm, or in some hall of smaller dimensions. In the Town Hall the effect is greatly marred by the echo, and tho acoustic qualities generally, of the iminenso space that has to bo filled by the voico. Mr. Monty Browne is about to sever his con nection with the Majcroni company, and his services have been retained by Mr. Jas. Allison. As a business manager Mr. Brown ' stands facil; princeps. Ho is popular in tho profession, and has never failed to score a success in hiB enterprises, . At Adelaide, Miss De Grey's Company has been strengthened by the addition of Mrs. Chippendale, n sterling actress from England, - She Stoops to Conquer has been drawing good . houses, Mrs. Chippendale's Mrs. Hardcaslle being the strong point of tho performance. Tho Silver King will be produced shortly in Adolaide. Mr. Darrell is about to revisit England to produce some of his Australian plays. Mias De Grey, with her London Comedy Company, will open at the Princesa's Theatro, Melbourne, on the 21st of Juno next. Mr.'F. C, Appieton is at present noting in Sydney with Mr. Rc-aves's company. '. Miss Jennio Los is doing good business in Brisbane, , At the Sydney Theatre Royal, Impulso has been drawing fair houses. ' ' Signor Salvlni is announced to appear in an ' Italian, version of the .time honored play..' Ingomar before, the close of his London , season. \- Tho Empire Theatre, London, lately the , Alcazar, Pandora. &c.;'. has been registered as a limited liability company, with n capital ot . 1120,000, In 20 shares of £1000 each. Among the shareholders are Lord Alfred Paget, Major Lane, and others. The next production at tho London Hay- market Theatre is to be The Hivals, with Mrs. Bancroft as Mrs. Malaprop, Mr. Forbes Robertson (instead of Mr. H. B. Conway) as Captain Absolute, Mr. Lionel Brongh as Bob Acres, Mr. Pincro as Sir Anthony, Mr. Bishop as Lucius, Miss Calhoun as Lydia Languish, . and Mr. Elliot asFag. It lias lately been said that thero aro undeveloped opportunities In tho scenes between Falkland and Julia; if so, they should remain undeveloped no longer, as Mr. Bancroft and Mra, Bernard Bcero aro to try their handa at the parts. It is rumored that such attempts at reconstruction, to save frequent changes of scene, will he made in Tho Hivals that tho author's ghost must put in an Appears nee to protest. Bland Holt, who is now in England, is ex pected to arrive in Melbourno about August, . and is said to have daring his stay in England Bccured many novelties. Honors have lately accumulated npon tho head of Miss Kate Clrnrd, late pritiut donna of tho Dunning Opera Company. Her portrait figures as frontispiece in the Jllustratcd Sport - imj and Dramatic Neat oflSth March) and during tho temporary absence of Miss Loonora Braham she has been playing tho titlo rile of . Princess Ida at tho Savoy Theatre, London. Miss Pomeroy, appeared at the beginning of last month in San Francisco in a piece, Clniro and the ' Forgo Master, an adaptation pro- . sumably of Georges Ohnot's Maitro dea Forges. Miss Pomeroy does not corno in for much proiso as ah actress of the modern eVnolional school. Her acting is said to bo perfunctory without doptb or breadth, and as a whole ! "both aimless and helpless." " It would aoom," .am the News £<"«, "<" m o1>8 had tho underelaudlng and intention bnt lacked the ability of expression." D. H. Harklna waarccently playing alternate afoh'tfl with Edwin Booth at Boston. It is said that Signor Do Vivo will shortly jring an English opera company to Australia. Baker and Farron havo a no w play entitled The Editors, with which they intend to tour the States. Madame Rose Hersco and Mr, Sima Reoves were announced to sing together in Donizetti's Lucia and other operas at Bristol, in April. Mrs. Langtry'a latest idea Is to play Galatea in tho English provinces, representing tho statuo as a tinted Vonus with yellow hair. Miss Braddon is said to havo turned her at tention to tho stage, and is collaborating with a well known dramatist in tho authorship of a play to bo produced next autumn. Tho fnroro caused by Miss Mary Anderson in London has resulted in hor contract with Mr. Abbey hoing renewed for another eight months. Sho ro-opens on hor old stage of tho Lyceum, on 1st September, supported by Mr. W. Torris, who has relinquished his position e! leading man in the Irving troupe. 