GEOFFRY STIRLING. Br Mas. LEITH ADAMS. PART IIL—CHAPTER X. " I NFCVEB. LOVED HIM TRULY—DSTIL SOW"!" "If I were to say, Master Ralph," went on Nurse Prettyman, seeming to wince at the sound of her own words as if their utterance hurt her, "as no thoughts of the bank robbery and the man in the wagoner's frock come over me, after that night when I'd seen the ghost, and knew who it was, and whence it came, I should be sayin' what isna true; I should be keepin' back the thoughts o' my heart from the boy as I love same as if I bore him myself —in place of only tendin' him, and watchin* over aim when tie was no size to speak of." Here the old woman stole a wistful glance at her master, hoping that these tender, helpless memories might soften the bitterness of what had gone before. " Well, I thought and I thought, and this and that came up before me, till it seemed as if the knittm'-pins I kep' going all the time, were telling a terrible story as they clicked, and fitttn' it all in, piece by piece, same as if it were the pattern on my work. Half the things I thought of bad been forgotten. Such bits of things, too, they were, it was strange how much they made of themselves, risin' up out of the past like.so many ghosts. Many'a the time I've said to myself, Lord forgive, Eliza Prettyman, for a wicked-minded old woman this day!' But it weren't no use; the thought* came on, one atop of another, and not one but fitted into its own place." *'I know, I know," said Ralph, and in his voioe was such pun, that poor Mrs. Prettyman had some ado to keep from bursting out crying afresh. " I'm hurtan' yon, Master Ralph," she said, " hurtin' you sore. Oh, I'm nothing better than an old fool! Dunnot heed mv foolish words, my dearie, tak' no heed on em, tak' no heed on 'em. They're nowt—they're nowt!" In moments of strong excitement Mrs. Prettyman was always apt to fall into her native dialect, though at other seasons she was careful and oolished enough in her mode of speech. Halph knew, therefore, how deeply the tender honest heart was stirred when he heard the rough north-country twang, and saw the lips that spoke turn pale and tremble. "Come, come," he said softly, speaking with all that outer calm that may cover a storm of restrained feeling ; " you must not give way like this. You promised to help me, you know—to help me to the truth. If you fail by the way, dear old friend, how are we to get to the end of the story ?" " Ay, ay, the end of the story, that's the worst of it. Each word brings us nearer that—the end of the story. Ah, my dear, that's the hardest of all to tell!" She lifted and wrung her hands, while Ralph watched her in a fresh amaze. How was this terrible night to end—this night that had begun with all thing3 fair and beautiful, all things sweet and tender; with the touch of Hildas trembling lips, and the.clasp of her satin-soft hand, and had passed into a horror of unutterable pain, into the semblance of a dream, mystifying and terrible? Scared by her young master's set pale face, by the infinite pathos of his mingled courage and suffering, Nurse Prettyman, with a shrewdness that is characteristic of the north-country peasant class from which she sprung, realized that certain knowledge, however black, would be more endurable to him than suspense. She rose to her feet, came close up to him, and laid her hand upon his arm, closely ping it. the end of the story's this, Master Ralph," she said, her eyes glittering, her cheek .flushing hotly with the passion of her speech; "Squire Geoffrey was driven to his death—hunted down—murdered—by Hester Devenant. She came here to help him, nurse him, she said, but that was only the false and lying face she put upon it. What she came nere for was to spy upon him —to worm the truth out of him—to torture him with that cruel tongue of hers that sticks at nowt—and him struck down and laid so low already by the hand o' sorrow—the shameless hnssy!" There, it was told; that ghastly " end of the story," of which she had so dreaded the telling; and Master Ralph had taken it " better than she thought tor." Why, he Bpoke quieter than before! " She wanted to force my dear father to confess?" " Aye, that did she, and what's more, she had her way." "How?" " Ah, Master Ralph, there's none save Oue above knows that." " Nursey, sit down again, you can spsak quieter so, and the better you can speak the better I can listen. Take up the story from the time wben Davey, falling at his feet, told my father tliat he should see my face no more till the sea gave up its dead. I want to hear it word by word. I want to take it in—to write it on my heart for ever." " He was stricken. Master Ralph, was the squire, by the words that Davey said." "Through his heart—through his tender, loving heart." " Ave, through the heart as was still sorrowful for the loss of his ' pretty Lucy,' as he ca'ed her. He was never the same no more." "Never the same no more—so well he loved me." " So well he loved you, Master Ralph; and he was full of strange fancies — he thought he was watched, hunted, suspected." " God had taken from him the creature of whom he had made an idol, the creature for whom he had sinned; and so the sin began to weigh upon him as it had never weighed before—poor heart!" " You may well say that, Master Ralph. It was a cruel sight to see the change that but a day brought about in him. He drove Davey from his presence — me, too — me, too — and cried out, mad-like, ' Are you spying on me, too ?' Then came tnat dreadful night when the Vicar and Davey broke in through that door to find him lying all a-heap, and the doggie keenin' over him same as a Christian. I ve told you over and over already, Mister Ralph, ho iv we got him into the nest room, and how Davey had Dr. Turtle by his side before you'd have thought he'd had time to ran to the town, let alone back again It «as little the poor squire spoke them sad days. He'd moan and mumble things we could make nor head nor tail of, and draw long sighB such as conna come from any heart but what's a broken one. Bat he mended; the doctor got to step liglitsomer as he came out of his room, and took bis pinch with a jauntier look on him, that he did. Still master needed a deal of watchin', and Davey and me got pretty nigh wearied out, for all the Vicar took many a turn. Then Davey had to go south to see if any news could be gathered up about that misfortunate ship o' yours, and so things came heavier ana heavier on me, and then I was smote down wi' a quinsy." Mrs. Prettyman paused a moment, smoothing down her apron with trembling hands, betore she went on with her story. " Well, Master Ralph, when they come and told me how Mistress Devenant had made offers to help nurse the squire, I fair squirmed on my pillow, for I reckoned she'd some ill-will agen him, though far from measuring it aright—how could I, indeed?— and I hated the woman, it's hard to say why. Hester Devenant had followed the master, time as he walked in his sleep. What of that ? Any one might have done the same. Percbanoe that little prattling fool, Jake, and then all the town would have known who the ghost was. But things being as they were, I'd never heard a word of gossip, so I'd no much call to put myself in a tantrum over the woman coming, and yet I got the cold creeps down my back when Dr. Turtle told me on't, and tola me joyful too. I couldn't say much, wi' a lump the size of a kidney potato i' my throat, so let him say his say, and have his way; but I prayed the Lord to let the quinsy burst sharp—and it did. Master Ralph, it did, the night the squire died." " The night she—murdered hiir V (To be continued.) 