CRICKET IN ENGLAND (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) THE KENT MATCH. LONDON, Aug. (3. The Australians left London on Sunday evening for Canterbury, at which place they had to meet the Kent eleven on the follow agony Judging by the appearance of the ancient city on Monday morning, it vases dent the inhabitants had gone to considerable trouble in honour of the occasion The streets were gaily decorated with flags and evergreens, while mottoes welcoming the Australians were to be seen here and there. Altogether, the scene reminded one of a huge bazaar and was remarkably striking and picturesque Canterbury appears to present far more ancient appearance than any other city I have seen in England In fact, one might almost say there is hardly a modern looking edifice in the place I may mention that the hotel at which the Australians stayed, the Fleur de Lis, dates back nearly COO years having been erected in 1402 It has been the custom in Canterbury for up wards of CO sears to devote a week in the beginning of August to cricket, and the time is looked forward to with great interest by all classes of the community. The weather was all that could be desired for the occasion, being bright and warm, while the wicket was in excellent condition, so that lovers of cricket had every reason to expect an interesting contest The St Lawrence ground is pleasantly situated a short distance from the city, and on this occasion presented a gay and animated appearance All around were tents and marquees belonging to the gentry of the county, while the enclosure was thronged with splendid drags and carriages in which were to be seen the youth, beauty, and fashion of Canterbury and the surrounding districts. A good band was on the ground during the day and rendered several well known selections in first class style But I must proceed to describe the play Lord Harris was captain of the home team, and was successful in winning the toss from Murdoch Of course, on such a perfect wicket, he decided to send his men in and accordingly, at 12 o'clock, Mackinnon and Frank Hearne took their positions as defenders while Murdoch deputed Spofforth and Midwinter to bowl Blackham, owing to his injured finger, was still unable to keep wicket, that post being taken by Murdoch the scoring, as was expected, was quick from the commencement, and 20 soon made its appearance One run later, however, a smart catch at point by Palmer, off Spofforth, got rid of Hearne, who retired with 7 G Hearne succeeded, and Borne fine fast cricket was witnessed, both batsmen playing the bowling with great confidence The half-century was brought into view by Mackinnon cutting Spofforth to the on for 4 but a few over a later that batsman played forward at a ball from the 'demon, and was caught at point by Palmer 2-28-58. Lord Harris followed, and Palmer replaced Midwinter Its lord ship did not appear at his ease while at the wicket and after making 2 was beaten by Spofforth 1 three for 04 This let in Patterson, and as the bowling was now well on the spot runs came slowly Still the batsmen could not be got rid of, and were playing with much caution With the total at 94 Giffen relieved Spofforth, who had been bowling with wonderful precision, his last 18 overs yielding only J runs, while he had captured two wickets The change proved disastrous to Kent, Patterson being bowled by the Adelaide man with his second ball 4-19-') The outgoing batsman had shown good, steady cricket during his stay at the wickets Wilson came in and brought 100 on the board by hitting Giffen to the off fore When the adjournment for lunch took place the score stood at HO, Hearne being 23 and Wilson 10 Play was resumed at 8 o'clock, at which time the attendance was more than 5 000 Wilson soon got to work, beginning by hitting Palmer to4eg for 1 The next ball he sent back to the bowler who however did not hold it Hearne, who had from the commencement shown a fine defence, was at last beaten by a beauty from Palmer, and retired with 27, amidst great applause, in which the Australians joined Hearne's score, though not a large one was obtained by perfect cricket Five wickets were down for 122 when Kemp joined Wilson, who at once sent a ball from Spofforth into Bonnor s hands at slip The giant,' however, let it drop again Run getting afterwards became very rapid consequently Giffen superseded Spofforth The change was a useful one. Wilson being driven back on his wicket in the South Australians second over 0-37-152 The retiring batsman a innings cannot be regarded as a particularly good one, many of his hits being fluky Christopherson was the next to appear, but he had only ' notched 1 when Palmer rattled his wicket, and Wootton, who succeeded was sent on the return journey with Farmers next bulla fast yorker A Hearne followed, made 0 neck was caught by Bonnor at slip off Giffen Lipscombe was whipper m, but Palmer soon gave him his quietus, the innings closing at five minutes to 4 for 139, of which number Kemp made 11 and carried his bat The score obtained by the home team was certainly only a moderate one under the circumstances, and it was predicted that the Australians would run up a huge total After the usual interval had elapsed McDonnell and Bonnor began batting on behalf of the Antipodean, and were opposed by Lipscombe and Wootton The first- named bowler belongs to the fire away and trust to Providence order while the latter is a slow left hander Only six runs had been registered when Wootton bowled Bonnor, the spectators testifying their approval by applauding lustily 1-5-0 met Murdoch s gaze as he emerged from the dress groom The captain began by hitting Lipscombe to the on chains, but shortly after gave Kemp, standing back some yards, a difficult chance off the same bowler Murdoch when he had made 11 gave Lord Harris a catch in the slips off Lipscombe but his lordship would have none of it After this bit of luck the skipper ployed well, being warm on the fast bowler hitting him to the off for 4 and cutting him for a like number, the latter a splendid stroke M Donnell, who was batting in perfect style, also begin to materially increase his score, despatching Wootton to the off as boundary for 4 At 52 the left hander crossed over and Christopherson went on vice Lipscombe At 61 Murdoch was caught at mid-off by Lord Harris off a cotton, and with a useful 24 made room for Gillen, who, however was not troublesome as after contributing 5 he unsought by George Hearne off in cotton '1 three wickets were now down for 09 and Bannerman partnered M Donnell Some good play was shown while these same men were together, the Victorian laying the wood on very heavily When the score stood ntOO Bannerman who was then 11, was missed at slip by I Hearne oil Christopherson IhocLiituiy came into view at half DOstS and such a cheer went up as I never remember having lizard the like of in England 'the spectators could hardly have applauded their own countrymen in a more hearty manner By line play the score was taken to 120 and 1 run later M Donnell who was then 08 gave what looked like a difficult chance to 1 Lipscombe in the slips off A Hearne bowling in lieu of Christopherson Vi hen 130 had been recorded Kemp, at the wickets had a chance of catching the Victorian off Wootton, but was not equal to the occasion At the same total Bannerman was run out after contributing 18 Play then ceased for the du) Bannerman was unfortunate, in being run out, as the time for drawing the stumps had arrived some three or four minutes before the bell rang for discontinuing pla) M'Donnell carried out his bat for 80 a very fair share out of a total of 139 v The (game was resumed on the following day, at half-past 11 The weather was again beautiful, and there was a large and fashionable attendance M'Donnell had Scott for a partner, while A Hearne and Wootton had charge of the bowling Off the second ballot Hearne's incomplete over, M Donnell was caught by I" Hearne at cover point 5-80-130 M. Donnell innings was unquestionably one of the finest he has ever played in England, his cutting and oil hitting being perfect He was warmly applauded on retiring This let in Midwinter, who seemed very uneasy when facing Hearne The new man made a dozen, and was bowled by Wootton Six for 155 Blackham succeeded, made 6 and was stumped off A Hearne The remaining batsmen brought the total to 177, the in nings closing at 25 minutes past 12 Scott made 19 by good cricket before was caught at mid-off by Lord Harris off A Hearne, and Boyle remained not out with 1 The representatives of the hop county began their second innings after the end tomary interval had elapsed by sending in Kemp and Mackinnon, against the bowling of Giffen and Palmer The batsmen were in a run getting mood, and scored with great rapidity, both trundlers getting severely punished When 38 had been registered the bowlers changed ends, and the scoring was at once kept down Four runs later Kemp was bowled by Palmer for a pluckily made 21 George Hearne was next to go in, and at GO Spofforth replaced Gillen and bowled Hearne, who left with 6. Two for 67 Lord Harris filled the breach but soon lost his companion, bowled by Palmer 3-29-71 Mackinnon played well for his runs, which were made rapidly Patterson joined Harris, but was grandly caught by Spofforth at point, off Palmer 4-3-75. Wilson came in, and the bell for lunch soon after rang, the total being 87 The game was continued at a quarter to 3. Hums increased his score by 2 and then gave Spofforth a chance off his own bowling but was let off This proved a very expensive mistake, as his lordship who was then only 15, put on a lot of runs and Wilson, however, received a settler from Palmer at 80 and had to leave with a in favour of rank Hearne Some fine cricket was now shown, and the scoring became very rapid Hearne playing remarkably well on the Le; side. The bowling was changed Ire quently but a separation was not effected till 10!) was reached, when Japan was caught at mid-off by Bannerman off Hoyle the out- come man's score of 15 was a very fine one and was devoid of chances Die last wicket had yielded 60 runs, and had completely altered the aspect of the game Six men were now out and Christopherson succeeded and gave a chance to Bonnor in the long field off Boyle's next ball, but the giant was indul tent and missed the catch Christopherson was also missed by scott at mid on off Boyle when he had made 11 lins mistake however, made no difference to the game, as Christopherson was caught by Bonnor at slip off Midwinter at 18s without adding to his score Wootton was bowled by Palmer at 205 for 8 and Lord Harris shared a similar fate at 212 His Lordship's innings, with the exception of the chance to Spofforth was a very fine one and he was most enthusiastically received on retiring A Hearne was bowled by Palmer for 2 and at 20 minutes past 4 the innings terminated for 213 the Australians thus had the task set them of making 200 runs to win At a quarter to 5 Bonnor and M Connell went in to the bowling of Lipscombe and A Hearne the "giant was the first to leave being splendidly caught at long off by Patterson off A Hearne just as he appeared to be getting dangerous., 1945 The applause was great at Bonnor s downfall It is not necessary to follow in detail the rest of the days play When time was called the score was 83 Bannerman being not out 17 M'Donnell batted nicely for 10 and was bowled off his pads by Lipscombe, while Scott showed good form for 22 and was well taken by Lord Harris at long slip off Christopherson The following day the match was resumed at a quarter to 12 Beautiful weather was again experienced but the attendance was only moderate In less than an hour the remaining wickets were disposed of the total reaching 109, Bannerman remaining not out with 35 made in his very best style The Kent team thus won the match by 96 runs victory they have every reason to be proud of, seeing they are the only county that has lowered the colours of the Australian during the last two tours The win as may be supposed was very popular, and four or five enthusiastic individuals carried Lord Harris shoulder high from the dressing room to his tent Before concluding I must say a word in praise of the impartial spirit displayed by the spectators On no other ground in 1 England with perhaps the exception of Bramall lane, has there been such impartiality shown to the Australians and the fairness of the gathering at the St. Lawrence ground stands out in strong contrast to the conduct of the disorderly rabble at the Oval last week I must also mention that the may or of Canterbury entertained the Australian at lunch in his tent on Monday. The following are the scores - KENT FIRST WilSON. SeCOND IKMSOS lb A Mackinnon, o Far more b his efforts 23 b Palmer F Hearne c Palmer b c Bannerman, b Spofforth 7 Boyle 0 Hearne, b Palmer 27 - Spofforth Lord Harris b Spofforth 2 b Palmer W R Patterson, E Gillespie c Spofforth b Palmer C Wilson bw b Giffen 87 b Palmer is C Kemp not out 11 b Palu cr S Christopherson, b o Bonnor, b. Mid Palmer 1 winter J Wootton b Palmer 0 b Palmer A Hearne c Bonnor, b. Official 5 b Palmer T Lipscombe b 1 anner 0 not out Byes, 2, leg byes, 8 23 Dies, 15, leg byes 7 22 Total 105 Total 213 positive And to me- I first Innings Spofforth 136 balls, 25 runs 21 n wardens S wlolitLi Midwinter 48 balls 23 runs 3 maiden. Palmer 105 balls 62 runs 20 maidens 4 wickets Giffen 48 ball, In runs 19 maidens 3 wickets Second Innings Giffen 72 balls JJ runs (6 maidens Palmer 148 ball. 74 runs 14 maidens 7 wickets Spofforth 04 balls 30 runs 3 maidens 3 wickets Boyle 40 balls 22 runs 3 maidens 1 wicket, Midwinter, shall 13 run. 7 maidens 4 wickets AUSTRALIANS FIRST INNINGS SECOND INNINGS F S M Donnell, o F Hearne b A Hearne SO b Lipscombe 19 O J Bonnor b Wootton 5 c Patterson b A Hearne 0 W L. Murdoch c Harris c Harris, b A. b Wootton 24 Hearne 4 G Giffen c G Hearne b c Kemp b Lip. Wootton 5 combo 0 A O Bannerman run out 3 not out 35 H J H Scott of Harris. c Harris b Chris b A Hearn of 11) Stephenson 22 W Midwinter bWootton U S Wootton 8 J M Blackham st Kemp bA Hearne 0 bWootton 0 G Falkner oP Hearne b A. Hearne 0 b Christopherson 2 F R. -noflorth o hemp c and b Christo b A UearnoX 0 person 4 H F' Boyle not out 4 bWootton 0 Leg byes 4 Byes 4 leg bye. 2 5 Total 77 Total for one Analysis- First Innings Lipscombe 04 balls 45 runs 4 maiden Wootton 144 ball. 72 runs 12 maidens 4 wicket. Christopherson 50 balls "4 am., 4 maiden. A Hearne 85 ball. SO runs 18 maiden. 5 wickets Second Innings Lipscombe 66 balls 40 run. 2 maidens, 2 wickets A Hearne 04 balls 30 runs 9 maidens 2 wickets Wootton 01 ball. 21 runs 3 maidens 8 wickets Christopher ton, 70 balls 15 maiden. 12 runs 3 wickets THE GLOUCESTER MATCH AT CLIFTON BRISTOL, Aug 7 Those members of the Australian team with the exception of M Donnell who were not wanted to bat on Wednesday in the Kent match left Canterbury on Tuesday evening In order to be as fit for the contest with the Gloucester county eleven as circumstances would permit The others followed on V ed nesday afternoon travelling by the 110 tram from Canterbury and arrived in London just too late to catch the 9 20 p m tram from the city to Bristol They were thus compelled to wait for the pm train from Paddington and reached Clifton about 1 o'clock on Thursday morning. The weather as in the Kent match was beautiful and the wicket was almost perfect consequently long scores were looked for the Gloucester county team this year is not at all a strong one and occupies the unenviable position of not having won a single game since the season started It was therefore thought that the Australians would have a soft thing on but the colonists have been so often mistaken about the soft matches this year that they fully expected they would have their work cut out for them if the home team won the toss Murdoch was again under y in losing an 1 at 12 o clock led his men into the field followed by L M Grace and Gilbert the free representatives of the home team Gillen and I always had charge of the bowling but on such a good wicket as that at Canton it was not a difficult matter to store and as a cm sequence runs came free!) When 47 had been totaller I a double change was tried, Spofforth an 1 Boyle relieving Palmer and Giffen At 611 li who was then It) was missed by Mor Inch of t lode At 70 Mid winter superseded Spofforth and 2 runs later had 1 M caught at slip by M Donnell 1 21-74 the outgoing man s contribution was in his usual luck y style Brun succeeded and a few minutes later received a severe knock from Midwinter which compelled him to hand the gloves and pain to Bonnor At St Blain was bowled by the Sandhurst man who) left with 3 W G Grace then made his appearance, an 1 Gilbert was bowled by Boyle 2-57-80 Gilbert had a little luck but his innings on the whole was not a bad one down send now became the champions partner and a fine stand was made When the adjournment took place for lunch the score had increase 1 to 10-1 Grace being 13 and 1 Townsend 0 Up on the gamebeingresumed at a quarter to 3 both batsmen but with great freedom the tens going up very quickly At length after all the regular bowlers had tried in v in to separate the batsmen Scott went on And with his first ball bowled 1 Townsend 4-40-177 The outgoing batsman made his runs by fine cricket and while at the wickets did not give a chance Pullen joined Grace, but was bowled by Palmer when he had made 3 the total at that time standing at 202 1 winter came in next and soon rattled up 15 when a good ball from Giffen beat Linn Six for 227 The only other double figure was 1 age who hit up 24 in a very rapid in inner and was 1 b w to -Hackham who had replaced Boyle at 270 The innings closed at half-past 5 for 301 Grace carrying out his bat for 146 made in his best style During his stay at the wickets he never gave the ghost of a chance an 1 altogether his performance is by far the best that has been accomplished against the Australian bowling this reason He was loudly applauded on retiring the Australians joining in the up plause As stumps had to be drawn at C Murdoch change 1 his usual order of sending his men in, Spc north and Palmer going to the wickets W 6 and Woof shared the bowling but when 15 runs had been madeCurteia replaced the champion and directly after play ceased for the day, the total being 14 each batsman having scored 7 Dunne, the day there was a good attendance and the spectators were very impartial in their applause The following are the scores - QLOUOE8TERS1IIUE. HHHf INNINGS E M Grace eli Donnell b Midwinter 24 W It Albert, li Boyle 67 J H Brain b Midwinter 3 W G Grace, not out 100 F Tow used d b Scott 40 V W t lillie i, b Palmer 3 J. Painter, b Giffen 16 li. V. Page, I 5 v, b Blackham .. 20 F. A. Curteis, 0 Palmer C J. A, Bush, 1 b w, b Midwinter .. ,. O W. A. Woof, c Palmer, b Midwinter .. O Byes, 4 ; Leg-byes, 4 8 Total .. a year Bovraxu Asalvms.-Gillen,v 02' balls, 60 runs, 5 maidens, 1 wicket ; Palmer, 00 hulk 94 runs, 5 maidens, 2 wickets ; Spofforth, 48' balls, 42 runs, 2 maidens ; Boyle, 124 balls, 41) rinsed maidens,, 4 wickets; Midwinter, 127 balls, 41 runlp8'maidens, 4 wickets ; Scott, 28 balls, 23 runs, 1 "Wicket ; Block: ham, 12 Dolls, in runs, 1 wicket. , 'yitrj¿-{r\l t AUSTRALIANS, '"won by S FIRST INNINGS. that .,'.'. P R. Spofforth, not out -.. s.., s -s' ' '" O. E. Palmer, not out, a,. .. 7 Total .'. 14 ' 