* Optical KUiMons. Wbbb tht t-je is deceived and a person misled by thing* ?mminit to be what they are not, ii is (spoken -Jbf as an ' optical illniion.' Th- faasiliar expression that ' seeing is believing ' implies that most people trust to their eyer more than to their own senses. 'IhavesoeD it with myjJwn eyes'' is l°9'wfl,:Pg°in|JH»-!ffi. indisputable, a convincing argument, altbongV there are a few doubting Thomases who would add the testimony of the sense of feel ino to that af liiht before admittinu that m thing is actually so. j The facts in the case an that any one of our senses may mislead us, and will do so un less we unite oaution with experience. At sophists ose logic to prove the false true, so the ventriloquist by the exeroise of his art deceives the ear, and the sleight-of-hand per foimer cheats your eyes. How is this pos sible? ? Certain rays of light coming from A distant body ester She eye, and produoe certain ae& sations apon the retina, whioh sensations are reported to the brain through the optic nerve. The brain interprets the signals by the aid of past experience, and we think we baveseen 16 dlHtftnt nhionfc. I n font ora ttam'nfti* -m ceived a message from it. If the telegraphic operator in Washington strikes his key twice, the Mew York operator writes down O, bat if be strikes it three times the lsttesWiites down S, unless he fails to hear the third tick, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led into tiie mistake of writing O when he should write 6. The signals, when oorrertly given, may be interpreted correctly or incorrectly. So the signals' oorreotly registered on the retina and reported to the brain rnay be in oorrectly translated and interpreted, that resulting in an error, an illusion. i Place a man and a dog side by side at a distance of 30 feet, and any person with »n eye capable of distinguishing them wUl be able to tell whioh is on the tight, which on the left. The eye is not ea»ily deceived as to position at right angles to tho line of vision. Let the man advance five feet ; it is easy tu tell that the dog is farther away than the man. Next, place the man at a distance ol 100 feet, the dog at 105 feet; it is not so easily decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eye. But at 500 and 600 feet, respectively, it is less easy, although we can still tell which is to the right and whioh to the left. The images formed on the vntinsl Vi*f tlta uvna Ahlswtt nt -llffM*n( Aim tanoss are very similar, differing only in sine and distinctness. For this reason it is difficult to judge of distanoas, requiring moon practice. A person standing on a straight atrip of railroad is rarely able to toll whether a distant train is approaching, or receding, or at rest, so slight il the change in apparent size from which the distance is to be esti mated. Upon the sea it is very difficult, without long practice, to judge of distanoes. As a ourious instance of inability to judge ot distanoes, and henoe ot the direction of horizontal motion, may be mentioned that of the governor of a steam engine. At a certain distance (say 60 feet) the eye will seem to see the balls turning in a eertain direction, but on next looking at them this motion seemB to have ohanged to the reverse, and after several alternations the mind be oomes perplexed, and finally is able to see them turning either way. An ontline drawing of a cube may be made to look like the interior or extonar at will at a considerable aiBtanoe : the real cube can be made to do the same. Shading, perspective, -£c, are resorted to by the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction dooeption is not bo easy as in distance. Our experience tells us that if a penon bits us in the baok with a ball he is probably behind, not in front of us. The object seen lies in the same direction as that from whioh the light oomes when it enters the eye. If by any means the direo tion of the ray has been ohanged between the time when it left the object and the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, and deception results. When this change is effeotei-hythe reflection It is attended with mnm nr imr lnne Af itnVt fcntnntitnM will distortion, and a little experience leads me one to suspect a reflecting surtaoe. If the mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be misled. The well-known ' ghost' ib due to the reflection of a strongly lighted figure lrotn a plate of unsilvered glass. Many of the best tricks, with floating heads and the like, are arranged with mirrors, No illusions are more perleot than those produced with mirrors. Befraotion always ohanges the apparent place of an object, so that we Beem to see the eun after it has gone below the horiton. A more striking tut leas frequentphenomenon of retraction ia that known as mirage. Be fraotion also affects the oolor of an object. The media through whioh light passes hae more or less effect upon the ray. In a fog objects are dimiy seen, the effect resembling that due -to distance, hence objects look larger, for the eye judges of the Bisse of an object by multiplying the size of the image or impression received by the tquare of the dis tance, while the latter is estimated from the indistsuotnesa ot the object. In the fog the apparent distance is increased, but the eye interprets it bb due to the opposite cause. On looking at the jphotograph of a tree, a ohuroh, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not possible to form a correct ftea ol its size un less a man or animal is seen in the same view with whioh to compare it. In nature, especially on land, the intervening objeote that lead up to it give the data on Whioh to caloulate the distanoe. Where none inter vene, as in looking from peak to peak, the eye must depend on distinctness, and where tbe ait is very dear and transparent, as in Colorado, distanoes seem less than they are. If the object is seen through transparent, but oolored, media, the form remains true,, but the colors are ohanged. . . On looking direotly at the loop or onrve of an inoandesoent lamp it is frequently diffloult to distinguish its form, the whole loop being radiant and dazzling, while its refleotwn is so much Ibsb brilliant wai the form of the car bon is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks muoh larger when red hot than when osU for the same reason, and a fire at night seems nearer, owing to Us bright ness, than in the day. ? .., . No better proof is needed ot the laot that the eye does -not and cannot measure dis tance, oat only gives more or le«B imperieot data bom which the inlad calculates lbs dis tance, than the child's efforts to grasp the moon, and ol the dog that bays at tbafdla tent lairiinary which lotfka so near j horoan any of us, with our naked eye, estimate the relative distances of the eun and stab. ' The shape and oolor of an object are «U that the eye alone can report with tolerable accuracy, tut by experienoa we learn to dis tinguish the texture ot substanoe, the nature of seryioBS, and many other things that belong more properly to jme pehse of touch. We distinguish satin from velvet and wool from cotton at ? glance. The painter's art largely oomiists in dwwuing the eye; in bo mixing and blending Us pigments that theyjprodnoe the same impression as . atone and wood, or earth and trees, or flesh and blood would do, and the greater his skill, the more perfect the deception. The imitation is rarely so perfect as to deceive the experienced, and [yet the pleasure derived from the imitation: exoesdx that given by the reality, Just as misery and end suffering, when well .depicted on Die stage, give pleasure, but the Bight b!*he reality gives pain* -. . .'.?'.? ?'.'??* In many things ithe mind enjoys being de ceived, and optioal illusions give OB pleasure, so much so that ithose who are capable ol completely deceiving this the aeutest of our senses get well psfct for uxeraising their talents. - '???? ' ?-'?- ? ; . ?' H. ?? 