Novelist Tom Glanders ofSquattcrs' tJnlch. Lcaiulcr Richardson in the Argonaut. I STOIIY OK COMUADO. Tiib Stranger wns drunk. Thcro wa3 no mistaking it. lie wtiajaloo ugly, Thoro was no room for a doubt of ibftt either. Physio- illy, mentally, morally, ho wiib both drunk und ugly. The hilarious patrons of the Tarantula Saloon had for norno hours beon watchitg hie increasing opulence of alcohol inn ar.d coeibativencsa with that interest which alwaye market] them whon prospects ot a light became prominent. In SijnattPts' Gulch a fight was as full of attractiveness as a strawberry festival notoriously is in a Now England village. The sturdy pioncor who conducted the. local theatre had been known to take advantage of thin fact with great financial profit to himself. Being aware that two of the most energetic warriors of tho Hur roundinc; country had sworn to enrvo and otherwise ronder each other tho roverso of ornamental, or even useful, tho firat timo tlicy should meet, this genial person sent each of them n complimentary ticket to hie hall. Uo then caused to bo circulated the report that thoy vere to bo present at tho Alhambra Palace—such waa thu resplendent title by \shich his resort was known to local fanie— tipon the evening following. Ilia losses had bc?n severe. The inhabitants of Squattere' Gulch had no fondness for dramatic art as hero interpreted. " Macbeth," " Hamlet," and "Sardanapalus," performed by six per sons, had no attractions for their sordid senses. Therefore, he had lost money. But his reverses wero amply set right by tho Btroke of managerial genius which I havo here recorded. The house was ptioked. So were the roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible standing.room brought as high a figure as twenty dollars per square foot. Tho canvas top of the Alhambra Palace had been removed for the occasion, and the viow was food. The warriors met. One of them re quested the other, with that poetic sense of chivalry wich characterised tho early moun tain fottler, to spit in his eye—an invitation which was promptly eccopted. The Jight ttrnt followed was always romernbored in the ?nilcb. Uow tho Tall Slasher of the Happa hannock dexterously removed both ears from the head of Sacramento John, and waa him self must elaborately lacerated in return, aro | mattcre of history. Tho town went half mad TOi admiration, and what was left cf tho two accomplished young gentlemen involved in tflia little entertainment was for years re garded almost with reverenco. It may be supposed, therefore, that the movements of tho Stranger, upon the night of <shich I write, wero viewed with somothing more than common interest. Ono by one tho leading citizens had dropped into tho Taran tula Saloon during the evening, until tho tables were all well surrounded, aud the bar wag hnod with watchful observers. ? " Who's tho stranger," inquired Tom Cath- Mrt, in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to Judge Gashwilder. "Dunno," brielly responded that judicial luminary, throwing hie hand down in a dis gueteuway; "he's on'y just orriv', and it's my legal opinion as how, if ho koops on, noil reach the E nd : ;of his lariat' extremely quick." ' "I've half a mind," mused Mr. Cathcart, Pleasantly, '? to riso up and give him a benefit jny?clf. I don't like no Missouri mud-cator to Btand tho boye up like hoe doing." "Never mind," affably rejoined Judge Gash wiluer, with that air of authority which cave u>3 opinions upon tho bench great weight; hold on a bit. Fur-lined Georgo will bo aton? soon, and tho stronger will have to Mo water then. Lot him go on. Gimino two cards." "Hello!" ejaculated Mr. "Cathcart. a moment later; '? the ball hail boguu." Everybody in tho room had arisen to his jcct. ihe tall Missouriau, a man of angular ?amo and sinister visage, had at last buo eceued in drawing somebody into a controversy. Ado citizens of SquatterB r Guloh wero about to lie entertained. "Humph!" muttered Mr. Cathcart, it'n a 0-4 shame for him to pick a row with wanders. Tho poor chap can Rcarcely hold ? own head up, let alono fighting, l'vo a ""Si'ty-fiood notion to sail in myself." β-fi, £? . on,M Crtuti ?ned Judgo Gashwilder, win hw index finger laid knowingly along ma nose; ?? Thomas Glandors ia all right; ho ?Blo W bm sure. Look there !" . Y 0 nuiwrel at tho bar had been growing louder. Tho Stranger, intlamcd with tho ""y liquor ho had been drinking, had salected ono of the least offensive men in the settle mi'tit as the upooial object of his disploasurc. '"is person, a Mr. Thomas Glanders, waa a 'l?wt, respectably dressed man, with a stolid cc aiu ' ? dejected manner, who was looked "F"i m a friendly, often a pitying light by ?"?omnanionH. There had beon something wu m his Ufe—that waa known to tho entire population of tho Guloh. What It was, no ono proci?oly?knew, and no ono cared. But nearly everybody took an interest in him, and not a soul lived in the town who would not hrwo fought for his sako nt any timo. i Tho Stranger waa heaping abuse on Glandors'e head—abuse whioh ho could not comprehend, and whioh seemed to half bo wilder him. But tho offensive Miesourian went on, goaded to increased fury by his own words. Still Glanders atood helplessly gazicg about him, malting no reply, but occasionally passing tho back oUiic rough brown band across hie forehead. Finally, in a transport of rago, tho Stranger drew a revolver. Thon Glanders seemed to awaken. He spoke for tho first timo. "Put it up," he eaid, quietly, " or I will kill you." Tho Strnngarlaugbed, and tho crowd, angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glandore rnotionod them back. " Put it up, ho repeated, firmly, " or I will shoot you in your tracks." The Strangor iired, and a part of (Slander's hat foil to tho floor. Fow of tho citizens of the Gulch hnd lenon-n or would have believed he could act with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to be a slow and easy- going per?on, too inoffensive to bo ? troddon upon, and too gentle to respond with violence. But upon this occasion he belied his reputation. Quick aa lightning—so quiokly that only ono or two in tho room saw the movement —a derringer epranft from hie pocket, a deep roy.ort sounded through tho room, and the Stranger fell to tho floor. There was eilonco fora moment. Then tho wounded Missowian, after writhing n moment where ho lay, beckoned Glanders towards him. Ho was no longer violent. The fumes of tho drink had quite evaporated from his brr.in, nnd he realized what had happened. (.Handera, whotm anger had disappeared as qnickly Bβ it came, when ho saw he waa tho victor and hie Hfo was no longer threatened, stepped forward and raised the StraDgcr'a bead to bie kneo. ; " Whisky," ho said, shortly, to tho bar keeper. Tho liquor wns brought, and ho poured it between thG Strant?or's lips. It was a dra mAtio scene. So deep, so solemn was tho coloring ot the picturo, that not a man in the crowd—usually a turbulent one—had bb yet uttered a word. Tho wounded man, some what rovived by tho stimulant, motioned 'flan- j Jcrs to lean closer, nnd he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in hit, red face now, snd great beads of perspiration stood out upon his fore head. Tho Stranger whisporod a few words brokenly, and then suddenly foil back, dead. Glanders lowered the man's head to tha floor, and then slowly arena to his feet. Tho hush which had Home timo ago fallen upon the crowd was not yet disturbed. " Boyp," said Gkndors, in a voice which trembled slightly, " I hated to do it, but it couldn't bo helped. I'm eorry it wa.s so, and I'm williu' to abide by what you say. If it was murder,string mo up,and bod——~d quick about il." A murmur that nroso almost to a shout ran through tho zoom. Every man there en dorsed liis coureo. Olandcre began to move slowly toward iho door. Ho paused once, diow his hut down over his eyes, buttoned Ilia coat tightly about his throat, and thrust liis hands into hie pockets with an air that indicated n purpose. "Poor things 1" he muttered, as ho strode into the night. " They're orphans now, and I made 'cm so 1" Drawn back ?onio paces from tho roadway, close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from tho sturdy settlement of Squat ters' Gulch, was one ot those huge, ungainly vehicles which, in tho enrly days of pioneer ing, woro known as prairie schooners. Near by, dimly Been through tho darkness, were two lean, uuhappy-looking horsea, browsing in a helpless way upon tho scant hcrbago which tho place afforded. At the foot of the ireo a heap of smouldering embers showed that there had been a small tiro earlier in the night. This was the scene into which Glan dera peered half an hour after tho tragic oo curronce I havo just described. For a long time he eat, thoughtfully nnd silently, upon tho polo of tho waggon. So far as any sign of his was concerned ho might havo been asleop. Possibly he was going over tho events of the evening. Perhaps ho was framing a scheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he came out of his reverio, and aroso to his feet. Thomas Glandors was a methodical man. For years ho had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that any of his companions could discover, but never complaining ot ill fortune or pain, lion supposed ho must havo money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he had dillloulty in meoting his obligations. To the sintering he was alv,-nys kind. Indeed, tho local clergyman, who fonnd few but sour i;rapcs in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomas Glanders oould bo relied upon, when charity was needed, to givo as liberally as a Rambler. But there wae no ostentation about him, Ho lived by method. He aroso and went to bed at certain hours, ha ntc at pres cribed times, nnd he drank his four glasses of u-hieky every day as regularly tie he breathed. His was a pure matter-of -inet life. AVhatevor bad luck came to him—and it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune—he nc cepted it without a word of complaint. If, ac wns rarely the cane, he had a touch of more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was never n sign of jubilation in his conduot. He rarely talked, saving when words were absolutely necessary. What he hnd to do ho did, and he made very littlo fuss about it. When Glanctera aroso from hie position upon the polo of the waggon, his first operation was to pile a few sticks of wood upon tho coals. In a little while there was a blazo, w' i:' , , after sputtering a moment, gavo out considerable light. This illumination, or tho sound of Glanders footstep about tho place, apparently aroused some degreo of life inside tho waggon, for there was a slight movo ment, and then a childish voice, rathor petu lant in its tone, eaid: " The old man, I s'poso—dog-gono him." " Shet up ! " responded another voieo, obviously that of a lad, " or you'll get another lamipin'. Ef ho'a lull, he's snesy." Glanders leaned against tho trco, and all became quiet again. For the second timo Hincc ho had arrived upon this scene, ho foil to thinking, and, as before, his reflections wcro so absorbing that lit lost all conscious ness of what wns passing around him. Ho did not oven notico that tho canvas flap of tho waggon was raised, and that two very big blue eyes were peering cautiously through tho aporturo thus formed. It was ontiroiy without his knowledge that tho owner of thoso curious eyes stole out ot tho waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until sho spoko was ho aware of her presence. "Whero'e the old man?" wcro the first words Glandors heard. They startled him slightly, and ho looked earnestly into tho young face that was up turned to his. Perhaps it was tho flickering of tho firelight that caused tho quiok shade that fell across his faco. But it looked like nn expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at his Hilence, weut on, impetuously : " Don't you hoar ? What in blazes is the matter of you? Where's tho old man ? " " Mown the gulch," roplied Glanders, slowly and with some difficulty. " Oh," Hnid tho girl, with an odd mixture of Hiircaein and curiosity. " Hβ sent you up to say ho wns drunk, I a'poeo. Haid ho wouldn't bo homo till ho got good and ready —didn't ho? Told you to "tell ub to look filiarp, or he'd Hole both of us when he got home, I reckon—hey ? " " Does ho beat yon, thon ? " aaked Glan ders, with a weak attempt fit evasion. " Poee ho ? Now you just bet ho does. AntlJl'vo cot my opinion of ajbig loafer that licks ft htHo gal like rac, what can't help hersolf. Homo day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll got put under the dntsice with his boots on—you hear nw ? " CHandura did hear her, nnd he shuddered. But ho wa? strangely attrootcd to the big eyed, rough- epokon little girl, who stood there looking him in tho faco and ejocting her wordslwith nn onergy that would have .been ludicrous under other oircurustanc'o?. She was'a Blender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was curly _.and light, and it fetl_in a tangled macs over her forehead and neck. She was ? poorly clad, and her brown feet had long boon strangers to tho cramping in fluence of shoe.?. There was <i touch of great pity in Mr. dander's eyes as ho looked at this chili standing there in tho firelight and re garding him fixedly. " Como here," ho said, after a whilo; " como here and talk with mc. I want to ask you [some questions." He went over and sat down ognin upon the pole of tho waggon. Tho girl looked at him for aj.'momont without moving, Clearly her first impulse was to resont his suggestion. Bui that design lived only for a moment, and she approached him without shync3s. " I'll do it," she declared, in a voice from which tho sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who you ore, but I like you, though I can't iell why. It ain't cause you'ro hand some—that's dead scro." Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary alluHiou to hie personal appear ance. With him it was no time lor idle words or CboughtH. "Toll mo,".ihc naid, whon the girl had settled hcwelf on thejground in front of him, " do you like the old man ?—arc you fond of him ? " " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, " I can't say as I'd like to cat him. lie's too handy with the back of to make mc so awful dead in love with him." Glanders pighn.d, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety. "Bat then," tho girl wont on, with ohildish frankness, "you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purtcotor you've got. Ugly as ho was, he put all tho bread in my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer {bread. But as a gen'rul thing ho did the beet he knowed how, and Say, what are you i thinking about so hard ? " ] Glanders was just at that moment thinking ho was about the darkest criminal in the I world. To save himself from possible destruc tion, ho had killed a fellow-being—an act, I ] regret to say, whioh was Eotsufliciently infre. quent in those days, and in thnt section, to call for any special regrets upon its own ac count. But Glandora reflected that in de priving tho Missouri bully of his life, he had I also taken away tho only prop upon which ! this helplcB.i child leaned for support. It was a reflection which filled him>t iirat with dismay and self-reproach, and'iJien with a certain definitoness of purpose. "Sis," eaid ho, after a moment, passing hie hand over her straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness that was not without its olemont of magnetism; " sis, af thar was a man—mind ye, I don't say tl'ir ij a man— but of thar wn.i ono as como to you and says, says this man, ef so bo as you two children wants a home, bom' without one, yo can como and live along of mc, and though it ain't a refined and eliygant abodo, bom' built as it were in the first rudo stages o' civilization— ef any man was to say this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would yon answer ? " The girl lookod full in;his faco. "Answer? Why, I'd collar tho offer like chain-lightning—only," she hesitated an instant—" only tho old man nover'd stand by and lot mo have such a good thing aa'that —ttever." " He'll never f bother ye any more, ray child," said Glanders. "Do yo feel very bad about it?" "Bad?" shoechoed, " Yes. Tho old man has been took, as it were, to put it gontly, to Abraham's booaom. Ho was killod, my child, and the man what offers to taku yo into hie home is the one aa did it." _ Tho young girl started back, and >egarded Glandei? with a strange expression. It was not a look of ropulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishment. Pre sently, after peering into his eyes-for some little time, she said : _ " Thon I don't believe it was -your fault. You ain't tho kind of a man to do that sort of thing 'thout a cause. And as for mo, it's n-stonisuin' he hasn't ketched it afore." (ilanders took a deep breath, whjch sounded like a sigU of roliof. " Then," said he," wo must bo movinV __ In tho morning the camp ot Squatters' Gulch was surprised to sen a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to tho door of Glandere's cabin, and, later in tha day, it was still further astonished to obsorvo two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who thoy were, and where thoy came from, wns a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent wan connected with tho death of tho Stranger was not a theory which occurred to many of tho citizens. One of the loading explanations pat farwnrd by those who con versed upon tho subject was the proposition thnt Glandors's supposititious wife in the States—an appendage which was attached in a greater or les3 degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality had forwarded her ohildrpn to bo o&rod; tor by their legitimnte proteotor. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought or ox pressed upon tho subject, Squntten' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on the hill. Meanwhile, in tho cabin itself, there were somo odd developments. Tho now residents had quietly domesticated themselves with that affluent confidence which is tho dis tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of thei wost, which, boing cast this way and that by tho changes which constantly oocur in new couu tries, readily accustoms itself to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting bo foro the fire, with his short clay pipo in his mouth, and tho children on tho floor at his feet, dreamily regarding tho cools, Glanders broKothesilonco. "Sis," said he, " I don't want to pry into no family secrets of yourn, oos it ain't none of my businosa pertioklerly, but, at tho same time, it ain't reasonable for mo to go on always a-oallin' of yo ' Sis, , and tho young chap' Bub.'" " That's so, I reckon," promptly roplied tho young cirl. "My name's Lucy Bryton. And his'n," pointing to tho boy, his'n is Mobert. His t'other name ain't liko mine, though, caueo he's only a 'dopted brother. Uis namo is llathbun—Kobert nathbun. Hello 1 What's up, Mr. Tom ? " "Nothin , ," replied Glanders, whoso faco had suddenly become rigid. " Ou'y I drapped my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, youngsters. I want to think. Hold up a bit. What becamo of yer mother—Bob?" "Dead, sir. Drownded in the Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her since I was a baby." When they wore gone, and for hours after ward, Glandew eat looking gloomily into the fire. " Poro gal," he muttered, after a long time. " Bf matters had come out a UetU different, thnt would hoy bin my boy. Mine. Well, what to hinder now ?" Having by some aoute mentaljprocess con vinced himself that nothing was to hindor, Glandore went thoughtfully to bed. ? ? ? ? ? The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and gonial Colorado sun, molted slowly away into tho crisp and vestal winter. Then came tho budding spriny, the lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks glided into months, and the months olosod into years, until Squatters' Gnloh, ashamed of its rough and uncoath name of other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. There wore other ohanges, too, in the genial atroosphore surrounding the place. The rough and somewhat nnoouth dwellings winch former)}- covered the steep sides ol the rnvino had alroo-at ontirely disappeared, and their places were filled with rnoro sightly cottages. Tho business part of tho town had grown eommensuratoly with the other por tions of Clarion City, and the place presented an altogether sightly appearance, cosily tucked away among the pinco-clad foothills. In a tasteful cottage, fur toward the outer edge of tho eottlemont, lived Mr. Thomas Glanders and the members of hie family, who have heretofore been described in this vera cious narrative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked here and there by tho unmis takable traces of a woman's presence. Neat white curtaina hung in tho windows, a ham mock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew over tho postn by the door. One niftht, as tho sun wa3 climbing down across tho western sky, tho verandah was oocupied by two yonng poaple. A strong hearty yoang man was swinging in the hammock, while sitting beaide him, idly moving the notwerk back ward an<l forward, was a lithe and graceful girl. She was bluehing deeply, but not bang ing hor head. There Wffe, indeed, in her largo blue eyes a look of open frankness, which I do not think is often found abont the faces of young women when they are discussing the subject which was at that moment occupying her attention. " There ii something which seems almoat like ssorilcgo abont it, Robert," sho said, with a touch of remonstrance in her voice. " I had grown to think you my brother in reality, as well as by association." " But you love mc, Lucy. Yon have told mo so." His voice was deep, and not un musical to the ear. And it had abont it, in the time of pleading, a per.inasivo tenderness which, I fear, more than one of the fluttering damsels of the Gulch had found i*, difficult to reaiet. Bat Miss Lucy was not o( the com mon sort, and she did not heodleesly assent to tbo proposition advanced. " What." she n<ikcd, presently, " would 7ic think?" It was apparent that the young man did not require a more definito descriptive term to understand who was referred to. "Ho would scarcely object, Lucy. You know he loves both of an very dearly, and his greatest happiness would be in making us liappj." " Trne," replied Mise Lucy, thoughtfully. " But if—if ho would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Robert—you know we owe him a very pp-oat deal. Our borne, our rescue from an cxistence_ that would have left us both more to be pitied than if wo were dead, our eduoation—all were given ns by him. We can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, Robert." The young man in the hammock was silent (or a moment. " Tell mo," he said, in a littlo while, " why you supposo thero is any danger that he will object. Miss Lucy's face assumod a deeper scarlet. " I—l—well, nothing. It is probably my imagination." " Will you ask him ?" j Another pause. Then in a low voice: ! " Yes. I will ask him to-night, if he does not speak first. If he consents, Robert, I will do all that you have asked." " That's a dear, sweet Lucy," exclaimed Robert, springing to his feet and kissing her lips. "Wo ahftll bo very happy." As he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's o.yes followed his retreating figuro sadly. When he was gone she drew a long and slightly tremulous breath, and laid her head against the post. Sho still sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thomas Glnndsrs, returning from his office at tho mouth of tho Giant mino. Not qnito the Thomas Glanders we have known hereto fore. His eyes were serener. now than they were of old, and his tTead had not that ele ment of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine-owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the bone iita of solicitous female society, was rather inolined to be an ornament to his sex, al though there wore moments, I must relate, when ho did not occupy a similar relation to tho English language. " Good evenin', Lucy, he said, kindly, as he drow a chair up to her side, and seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against his knees. " I mot Robert as I came up tho hill. A fioo boy, that, Lacy. I'm as proud of him as if I had been his father." A moment of silenco, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glanders pioked it up, and hold it in his own. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, that he speodily covered it up by drawing his brown fingers abont it. " It'a a whiter hand," ho began, slowly end reflectively, " though it ain't much bigger than it was when I first took it into mine, that night under the big tree. Ah, my girl, I didn't sco then, and I didn't got to imagine that you would bo so dear to mo some day. I didn't know that in tho course of time yon would get to be—what you are to mc. If I had " Another pause. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. " If I had," ho continued, " I should almost have beep afraid to sco you." "Afraid?" Tho word came roluotantly and almost in a whisper. " Afraid I might some time lose you— afraid that some other love but tho regard you had for clumsy, poor-spokon old Tom Glan ders might somo day bo stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man." Mr. Glanders arose and walked to tho other end of tho vorandah. Then ho camo slowly back and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon tho sunny head. " Lucy," ho began, " child, you aro more to mo than I can tell—more than I know, God help mc. Thero i 3 but one happiness for mc, but ono rest aftor my life's struggle. And it has been a struggle, Lucy, that ain't always been easy for to got the best off. But, Luoy, I don't want to find fault nor to complain, if it has brought mo you. Eh? Why, child, you are eryin'. Deary, if I've said anything that's grioved you, don't mind mo. Luoy, I'll never speak of it again as long as I livo. I tako it all back, Lucy, I do, so help mo God!" Mr. Glanders was down by hor sido, hold ing hor hands, and trying to sootlio her. In a moment she becamo quite calm. " You havo been kind to mc," sho said, after a littlo while. " I was only a stranger's child—a stranger who would havo taken your life. You took mo in, and cared for mo, and workod and toilod for mc, co that I might have comforts ami be happy. You took mc, a ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave mo the chance to become a lady. You have oarned my—my lovo, and " "Don't speak thnt way, Lucy. I didn't calculate to buij your heart. I didn't, Lucy, and I wouldn't take it like that." " Yon didn't buy it, you—you won it. 1?om, I.love you very, vary dearly. It may not bo tho kind ol lovo you expect, just yet; bui, by and by, when wo havo grown used to each other, when we have forgotten that wo were " " Father and daughter, almost," he broke I in. "Aro you sure, Lucy? Will you never regret this?" ? " Never 1" Bho cried, impulsively. "But let it bo quick. Do not wait a day, but havo it dono at onco ! It—it must bo without do lay, or—or" She did not finiah the sentence, but with a sharp, convulsive kiss upon his brown cheek —o. kiss which soundod almost liko a gasp she was gone. In tho gloaming upon his poroh thnt night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a vory happy man. Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow, and pain that could never como to him now. In the future—what ? Ho could not answer, though it seemed very bright. ***** It was quiokly and quietly accomplished. Almost before the staid citizens of Claiion City were out in tho streets, Mr. Glanders and hia brido had walked to tho little chapel down in tho ravine, and back again. He had no ticed that Lucy was very pale that morning, and that thero were long, deep lines in her face. Clearly she had not slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the faos to a weakness of the sex, and imagined that a littlo familiarity with the new relations would soon wear it away. Robert did not come home during the night—a habit whioh, lam obliged to confess, ib not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Mr..Glanders had wished the quiet ceremony until his arrival, but Lucy had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence, it waa some hours aitor the marriage that Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up ony en thusiasm in Lucy's breast regarding the various,,topics of conversation, kissed hor tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among tho trees. " Sho's bettor alono for a time," ha mut tered, apologetically, to himself. "When I como bock in half an hour she'll be as bright and cheery as ever." For a long timo after he went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at tho wall. Then sho arosa and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down tho hill, where she had last seen Robert pass away. In a few moments she becamo conscious that someono was near her. It was Robert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. . She looked into his face but could not speak. Thero was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, whioh spoke more plainly than words. " Yes, I know," ho said, in a strained and worriod fashion. "I heard it as I oame np the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you conld mako for all his moro than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not far away, but it waa not noted by tho two young people. " I have como, Lucy," continued Robert, in the same hurried nnd unnatural fashion, " to say good-bye." " Robert I" she gasped, "do not, do not go away." " I must," he said, in a strange tone, re gaining a part of hia own forco as he saw a touoh of weakness in the woman he loved. " There is no other course. It would break my heart to Btay here and see yon the wifo of another. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude, my manhood. Day by day, all that is good about mc would fado and fado away, until I died of shamo or mental agony, or becamo a roprp- aoh to all the world. It must bo, Lucy. Wo love each other too dearly to have it otherwise." She was silont. " Good-bye, Lucy," he said, more quietly,- taking her hand. " Good-bye," sho whispered in a choking voice. For a moment ho held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at thoir feet, began slowly and stealthily to steal oway. " Try," said Robert, struggling hard to re gain his composure, " try to forget mc. You can only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, if you think of mo sometimes, remember mc only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with—with only a—a brother's love. Good-bye. God bless yon, little sister." He turned on his heel and took a stop for ward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested hit-, attention. " What was that ? " asked Lucy, turning if possible a shado whiter. In a moment thay were both under the great pine tree which stood a fow paces up the side of tho hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon tho soft carpet of pine needles, with a look of inoffablo gentleness in hit-, fast glazing eyes, a smile on his lips, and her portrait on hia heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child.— 