THE ZIG ZAG TELEGRAPH. A, TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. B? iiiovu G. Tnoiirfm. Fpiijioarly; nineteen years I have been waiting for oomo ona towrito the history o! thin lino; hut during all thia timo no, account of iin origin, or feho mauner'in-wbtoh it performed He work, has hesn : r< ubliehed. ft nd, so fur £.-> i can lcaru,' ho hirtt ovea of its cxlelocco. Ims ftpnaarud in print. Can It bo ppaoiblo that I WJ .Bolo proprioloi? pnd oporator, and my wc&ry; meesages nlono went crcoprag over tho wires ; tbat its faithful, patient eorrieca woro given to . mo only ? If eo, . upon mo oloorly aovolvca tho task of writing ita history. And yot, to own the truth, this task Is not an. easy ono. Tlio Zig Zagwoa such an anomaly among telegraphs, :occh a Intarrc affair alto gether, .that it uota- at defiance all ordinary, methods of description. It was bohind the times; it was slow with Its" messaged ; it carried thenra long way around, and stopped, with them in nnoxpeoted places; tncro was an air of mistiness about it that made mo eometimca suspeot that it was only tho ghost of a telegraph— tho phantom, perhaps; of some uncompleted,- early invention loft an orphan by , tho dooth of|tho inventor. Bat Btay— I must bo more explicit. Thin tolcgrapk was not composed of eohd material subotance ; it did not consist of aolual posts and wires, It was a pbonomonon of -an ex ceptional, condition of body or mind, a phaso of montal action iu a givon direction; a Dystem of exploration in tbo realms of memory, & — well, I will admit it at once, a- something tbat I navor qulto understood; a' problem, tho Golntion of which I have many times almost rcaobod, but which has always olnded mo by dodging around nnoxpcctcd corncio and disappearing wbon I thought I had forecd it into a eul de sac. I will there- foro mako pubho my experience with this lino, and trausfor to othor the solution of tho problem ; and, as tbo condition of body and mind was doubtless a factor necossary to tho eolation, I will mako known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of ray life's history. On tho 6th of March, A.D. 1665, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad River, twclvo milos from Wilmington, N.O., ana stood onco moro, with bared head and thank ful, heart/ benoath tbo flag of our country. Thaomotions awakened by tbo sight of this cmblom of all we bold dear, I shall not vcntnro to deeonbo. I should blush to bnog tho. poor tribute of words to tho flag sauotifled by bap tism, in the tears of our toudorcst and tho blood of our bravest. For more than ton months £ had been a prisoner at Anderson- villo and Florence, ho this artiola I shall make no attompt to portray tho horrors of Andcrsonvillo. Tho ovidonco under seal fur nished by thosQ thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parolo testimony, "When. the otorm has passed, tho wreaks on tbo beach nro surer rcctrds of tho force of tbo tempest than all tbo figures, aft the signal stations. I had fought the battle for lifo for moro than ton months in those prison pens; and I waa conscious that X had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I bad contested it by foot by loot and inoh by inch. my resistance had ccon steady, umaltoriug, systematic. At tho time I was paroled I was Buffering from scurvy and general debility, and had also ondarcd most of tho minor sick- ncsaos of- the camp; but thus far I had escaped those ie&rlul; fovere that had wrooked do many of nay companions Shortly after I rodohed Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of mo. My mind refused to act with itaaccu8tomod vigor. , Owing to tho ravenous appetites of somo of tho men, orders had been gives to Issue axtra rations to all who required .thorn; and, al though tho. regular daily ration .was more than sufficient for me, X fell into the lino with the othorB and drew tho oxtra. 'This I took .to my tent-mate, for Bafo-heoping, and again foil in and repented, the. process; over and over, ae long as tho drawing lasted. - About this timo, too, rooking pains assailod me, -and I longed, inexpressibly for homo. ' .Than- the' veseol.camo to take us to -Annapolis, and- w& straggled; and.ptiched,and jostled each other/ in oar oagernosa to get on board ; and- at last I.was fortunate onough to got tumbled onto tho deck last ;ns the captain announoed'that ho had a load, and bould takano morei /My' eoolleationa of tho voyago aro confafied- ' -I remember being -rolled about, and erowdod/ and lain on by othor paBsengers.v I alo6 ro- momber:.BtagRoring up to draw, rations, .al though I' oould not eat;-.A!Chea'Iwad'ho1pfld' -bfl.thpesBdidhd'fioms'bndvtobkime' arm and led mo away. Then we stoppod, and and a voioo paid, " Wash him.,? And then— .hlankneas,'-:; How long the blank lasted I do not know. Whan my.consoionsness roturnod-I was in n dean bed.with whito ehcots. A light- burned' in tho room, but I saw no ono. ; I dosed 'my : oyes, and was lost.agara.,- Whon I awokd it was broad day, and a young man, dressed' in- a fresh Buic of,;army:btao, -was fitandisgby .the bed-sida. Ho. , expressed no surprisoi as hla glanoo mot mine. I lifted my.rigbt hand,' and wafl ftstomahod.Ut tho effort so'.- alight . eh- -action .required; X igased at 'tho - ekalbtbn fingorB, tand. vaguely wondered whoro: I bad . boon while that hand waa growing so thin. I said; M.What'a tho piott6£? "- He said, " You .have had , thQ) fovor. - Youro all right -now. .Don't .talki,,. -Hia voioo was -low and oven; it - oxprossed no - oympathy, no < onxioty ; ho movcd away. and Lslopt again. -My recovery wasxapld; ' Tho. hospital surgeon viaitcd mo At intorvalfl; ho ashod. me no quostions ; ha morcly lookcd nt mn and passed on. - I had a rnvonoua appetite,; and, with tho regularity of. elookwork, a- tray waa'.'placed'boforo mo on whioh.'waflva' oupiof tea and a dohoato picoo of- toast' crowned, with' pbadhed'egg. :-'Asl' ,gazea. ao:xnia aauicy repast,.'!: tnougat it a meatjfitvfof j a god— thafc- Jo; for a very nmaH god, :.- . Aifcer.; aVfew;' days tho -pyramid: on tho platoiwas inqreased iu alfcitudo/by tho inseri iibn 'of another slico of toast nndor the orari- bua' cro; andflankod by o. bottle of porter.' Next camo. the order for admission to tho f all- diet table, ahd;6obu after the 'oertifioatQ en- titling ino;.tOv q-;farlough. During .all this period nf rconvalesconeo I wao. oousoious of .no. dorangement of tho mfnd's notion. (My i main interest in'' lifo centred in tho present; or rcaehed; forward to the future; - but .'ctill momoriQBipf ; the past, mostly r of hopo and-' early 'lifo, came : to. mo . naturally.- .' I- had, however, ,mado ::no-. attempt '- to ' recall past;. ;'cve'nf8,: as tlui '-'admirabloV- system of.:anquesti6ning treatment '.pfactiaed'-ofc St. MaryA" Oollego .Green 'Hospital:. had. sag-, 'gestad ho'euoh ofioife,; and -it- waa bnly.when' coBqd upon to onswdr questions, at the timo I ; applied for a furlough , that I diocoverod the uibgalnt phase .of . mental; aborr&tioh; which forma tho QUbjeot of .thia harrativo. I havo eaid that my recovery waa rapid; perhaps I ought to add that as I throw oft' tho fever I began to trafior with n difiloulty in my 'feet, probably scurvy-— a difiiculty that inorenuad daily, until eaah loot folfi liko an immcneo UAU1L.U. JJUU (43 lUiU U1U A1UU bLUUUIU mo uetioquly whilo I wna ill tho hospital, I did not mention tho matter to Any orio; fearing that, to do bo., would, dolay.. !ny1"dop3'rturo for' Lomo; This brioj portion ol personal history is,' I bdliavOj iiH thnt.lo noeeoaary to put tho publla.in poBeession' ol- faots:thnt 'havo any hoiiring oil tho problem uhdoi .'dleouneion, \- And now I oomo to tho meet difficult part ol my tad.-, tho portrayal on paper of thia libnoimrd.oction of tho mindj tmd in ordor. liiioeoaefafly to do thio, I moot descriho tho tiormd notion in tho rnmo direction in ouo'n a viay that it will bo clearly reoogniccd by nil, nud yot in each a way aa v/i'il oashlo the leader to oomprehond tho abnormal. Hold!"! havoitI;Iwill;inatorialiao thia notion; and il, tho materinlieatlbn loeUo tin arm, or cyan: a leg to stand on— c.i in not an. tumally iho oasoif .it but "Dorrs iny ptirposo boloro vanishing in thin airj'I- ehral bo non- tant.' I will represent memory no a network' c." tc'kgrapli wireo, tho main' lUin conneosiag -.lie lmnd with, tho ' beginning of cohsoiona onniienoo, and cido v/irca oonueoiing thia lliio with caoli event/ cacti incident, each thought, of yr'.'ii life. Y/hcn tho mind ia unimpaired, S r..".d (ho lined nro in perfect working order, information can. ho obtained instantly from any of tho.outlylng stations. Tho question is flashed over .tbo wires, and ,tko anowor is ra- tarncd, and tho oombinod messages aonstitato a thought. In many instances, - howovor, no porcoptiblo notion -of tho mmd la- required, and the mind Is unquestioning and at rest ;- and yet, from tho various dopftto in whlah onr orpsricnocs of th. paot aro stored, tho messages oomo trooping in, and wo oall thorn memories. Theso are phases of tho normal Botiou of tbo mtelloot and tho nndiitorbod wording of tho lines. Bnt X am also familiar with many phasos of abnormal action, and vanoas phases of wrcolcin the linos of com munication: . First, tho poor wretoh with tho wire all down behind nim, and tho past a blank. Booond, whoro tho main lino isantatagivon point in the past. Baok to this point tho aommnmoations aro perfoot and tho sido linos complete, but ceyond — nothingness. Third, whoro tho main lino is complete and tho aide linos are in ordor near tho farther end, bnt mostly broken or impaired from childhood to tho present. This ia a common ease. Tho gray-haired mnn pratt!o3 of tho scsnos of -his youth, but does not rooalLtho ovonts of his manhood. Every word of tho prayer his mothor taught him is familiar, but no cannot romombor a soutonoa of tho speech that mndo him. famous tea years ago. Ho does not rooogniso an acquaintanco of yostor- day, hut tho faces of tho friends of his noy- hood Btandoatclcarnnd distinot. I need not partionlansa farther ; every ono is familiar with tho gaps in sections, whore tho storms of tho downfall o! individual wires. Noilbor will it bo worth while to call attontion to the slight dorangoment of a partioular wira that does not rospond as promptly as we wish, bat leaves our question unanswered, whllo tho operator at tho other tormmns apparently takes a short nap, and wocoratch oar hoods m voxation. Uy ohoot in wntmg this nr-' tiolo is to dosaribo this well-known systom of communication only so far as may bo neces sary to explain tho working of tho otbor lino, which no ono bnt myself appears to hato nscd ; and as I mndo usa of both, I will designate Iho former as the Dircot lino, end tho latter as tho Zig Zag. Tho Dlreot 1ms was always at my sarvico ancuay — it woatd bring massages; but could not bo robed on to oarry them; it would transmitono, aadrofasotboncxtinwhatlthoa thought a most captions mannor; and noma- times it would apparently grow sulky and ro- fuso them altogether, lint tho patient Zig Zag was not captious ; it did not sulk when oslicd upon to do tho work rolusod by its rival ; it wont steadily, ploddingly, at its task, and nsver- rested till its .work was done. These two lines woro distinct in almost ovory respect, and in order to mako tho distinction plain I willdoscnbo os ooncicely as posmbla tbo peoulisritios of tho Zig Zag. < First, it nover took a doapaloh straight to its destination, bnt wont aigzagging tbrongh tho past, making short flignts -from' point to pomt, and Bonding back mossagca from ovory station. . Thoso messogos woro dim pipturoS of familiar sconoo, that approached slowly and grow plainer until thoy roaohod a certain uniform point of distmotnoss, -whom thoy vanished instantly. .. X : ' Second. theao xotdrn. mbssagea novor eon.' taincd tho Information ! waa soo)ting, Knd somo of thorn .appeared to havo no possiblo connection with it ; .and yot I wan oonsoioas that each of thoso dissolving viawS; brought monoarorthe object of mv eoaroli. . Third, no oommumoatlon oamo baok . over' tho Zig Zag from tha atatlon whoro it finally dehvorcd my dospatob, but uutaad thoanswor: oamo flashing ovor tho Direct Iano, : Thib was tbo most porplexiug.part of-tho whole trans- aotion v for, - although-- assured that each re turning message by tho-Zig Zag -bronght mo dno station nearer tho : otatiou containing -the. objeot Bought; I nevor know how many still intorvonod, and ' the; anowor by tho Direct Lino invariably; caught mo Duzzlina ovor tho Iast.'messago by';.tho Zig ;Zag,' and gayo mo a; littlo shook, liko that oxporionocd by a poreou whon another . jumps - out jcuddonly behind him and cries, '! Boo." < Fourth,- tho nnmbor.of- stations etoppo-l at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with ths romotonoss or nearnoes of -tho mtolhgonoo dooirod. - To mako this- clear, suppose A and B to ho - otationa on tha Diroat -Line-A oontainmg -otoroa doponitod -five yoors nnd.B thoso .deposited six montho boforo; messages to B. would. sometimes' bo oarnod farther around -and stop at more otd-: lions than messagcis-toA. .- - ' Filth, to oaoh dospaioh tho retnrn messages come at regular intervals alter -tha.first,. which- took- about twioo-tha timo.of caoh. ot ' tho othora ; Sixth, tho length- of tho intervals .varied with tho varying despatches ;- the . answers to. coiuo coining very olowly, and to othora quite fapidly. Bovonth, Bonding and .receiving' messages by this lino produoed a certain strain on mind and body that was mot . felt whon nslng tho Direct Lino. \- And- now, having partially dosoribod -tho working of this. hno, I will go- baok to tho ,-tima whon l discovered it. l.had bean noti- flcd-that a Inrlough would bo given mo by up.- .piying , at' ai.oartain,'.oflioo,'.toi wliloh I :vms directed, and; -with. visions of' homo floating before -my mmd, I walked. Into tha room - and stoppod at tho desk. ' A :gravo, otorn.looking- offloor, ; with a .pon in his: hand and a book boforo him; sat by tho tablo.: Ho .Iookodcnp: and eaid: "Tour name." I -gsva it. nnd thon'supposbd ho 'Fould flU ont, my furlough but . instead ha recorded my name in tbo book, and then inquired ; M.What regimont do you bolong to? Of oourso I know por-' fcotly well that tho information sought was among my stores; but whonT tarnoij to- tho post - with tho - question, " What rogimont. do - X holong : to I " I was . amozod to find that tho Direct Lmo. did ; not respond.- Uy -dospntoh woopi! on 'tho -Zig Zag, 'andBo'on tho "misty messages oamo baok : . First mesaogo by Zig" Zag.' . : A blcal; field,: : with .'a swamp extending from- -.nido: ta eldo1 .'near.;- tho contra j r the .: field onoloued; with a stookade, and crowdod with.wrotohod, dirty,' ragged mod ;, butsido: tho dead-lino; a long row of skeloton formd, with dead faces turned to tho nky. Boooml moeeogo oy Zig Zng. A -long lino of Union eoldinrs charging tlirotudi an opon Hold, with a force! boioro thorn ; tho line is broken and jugged, r.s if it had mot a blizzard.' oi load; thoro- aro empty saddles,. and fnllon- -uago, una a nmcmmt-rca v/snarow or uccu. - v. Third racssagq' by Zig Zag. A rogiraoht of Soldiers on. drcso ."parade; tho soldiers wear blno coata; thcro.nro figaros on tho front3;of thair caps,'--' ' : : By "tha Dircot - Lino, Bovonty-eizth Now .York, ' I gave- tho nailio .bf my regiment, and. tho' oflioor dashed it down. and askod, brusqaoly V- " What company?". -I ought to ;havo .been prepared for this question, but I visa not. My mind was oo dazed with tho strongo workings of tho' two lines that I thought ol nothing elso until tho qucasion -was put. Again I turned to tbo paot, and -.inquired: " What compauy?" r.ud again tho (Zig Zag took tho.quoation.' ' r ' Mrs' mcosago by. Zig Zag. A river spanned by a bridge ; beyond tho oridgo an": arch of evergreens and flags; a throng of men hurry ing ovor tho bridga.-arid under tho ntoh ; tho . men are cmnoiatcd and half-naked, hut thoir faces glow with joy. Second message by Zig Zag. .. A forest; Union soldiers grouped round a dead cavalrv- man ; a sorgonnt with fnco turned towr.ru din group, no if about togivo an order; n lma of Coniedorato trocpo m front. . -By.thoDiroot Lino, Company F, - - \- - 1 named tha company, and tlio oflioor jotted it down,.ahd'snid : Yonr captain's noIno?,, - And tho Zig Zag took tho question. - . First moasago by Zig Zsg. A long lino of Umon soldiers, with a group of oflicoro on ' horseback in front; the oflioora. with fleld- glasses to their oyos; tho grouad in front desoondtng to a small stream, then seconding to a ridgo ; tho.ridgo crowned with a lino' of Confodereto earth- works and batteries ; sharp, shooters deployed as skirmiohors between tho linos. : \- Booond. message by Zig Zsg, A prison . pen; a scaffold ; six man with ropes around their seeks end meal-oaoks drawn ovor thair hoods; a sea of tlacas turned np toward tho scaffold. \- Third mosssgo by Zig Zsg. A brigado - drawn up in hollow oquara ; a msn kncoliog - on a ooffin, with a fllo oi soldiers beiora him ; 1 an oflioor stsndlng stom and palo. hia ox- tended right hand holding a wbita handkor. ohisf. .... : By.thoDirootLino, Captain Goddard. - Tho oflioor took down tho name, and in quired, impatiently, " When did yon enlist?"- '. I had noted his growing irritability, and it in creased my distress. Othor patients woro waiting to bo questiouod, Tho fear tbat my mind was hopelessly shattered was growing ' mio oortamty. Tho strain on my mmd and body incident to sending and receiving mes- > sagos was intonso. My knoos shook under mo, and great drops of sweat stood on my . forehead ; hut . 1 turned doggedly to tho past with the Inquiry, "Whon did I enlist?" Tbo mroot ijino rojostod- tno message, as it bad - tho othoro, but tho faithful Zig Zag did not desert, mo; although ovidontly over-worked, - it camo bravely to tho rcsouo, and took my messapo. Tho first responso was longer than Usual In coming, but it camo at last. . Moasnge by Zig Zag. A largo sheotiot : wator with a river emptying mto it ; a snug harbor ; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand . in tho contra ; tho grovo and stand covered withpcoplo. _ At tins pomt tho oflioor repeated tho qacs. tion, "Whon did you enlist ?" Tho inter, ruption broke tha aonncotion on tbo Zig Zag. . Tho tono of tho question demanded an im- . mcdlato answer of somo sort. I mado cno dospcrato effort to forca tho answor from tho Dueot Lino, then I said sadly, oan't toll." - The offleor laid down his pea, and said petulantly, " I oan't givo you a furlough if you can't toll mo when you.cnhstcd." Oh, tho agony of that moment I I waanot to go homo niter all? Was it notcnough that I was'- shattered. ia body and mmd, hat must thie very rain out off my last chance for recovery 1 T- innnrriift Tint nf tlm fnrmn nt wnnnrt/ife i rlnn from a privato to a Gupcrior; X fcltoaly tho - iajaatico of fata. Tno inatraofc of 8clfpreGQN - ration asserted itself. Tho old spirit o! rc Distance that had carried mo through oo man£ tnala blazed out afresh for s moment, and I exclaimed paasiouatcly " Oan't you mako somo allowanoo? Can't yon eoo what a wreoKl am?' I'vo been In pfieon, God knows how long, and I'vo had tho - fever, end 1 oan't think I". -Tho protest began almost floxcely, bat it :- ended ; in a Trails I broke down utterly, and - oriodliko aolnld. -For a momont tho silonco- - of tho room waa broken only, by oob?; - then a. - ontlo voico eald: I oonimako allowaneo; don't distress; yatfranlf". Could :thi8<ba:fhoo . voico of tuat Btern oflloiAl? «I glanced at him < through- my- tears, and. from that instant J . .havo uad n truer nnderstauding of . tho . story v ot thotrandflguratton.-T' His faco was ao tender y. as a womao'e;. :Wilh tho trtmost gontleQesay - ho'aeem'od.mo that. tho. iuattar"oould bo ar- v. rongod/that X mast.tako timo, and giva the - dateasnoarly as.poaaiblo.' Thus euoQUraged/'v -I oommsncod agara on tha Zig Zsg,- and founds > the. .year,- and tkou .the month,-, bat not tha dayv.v'Tha farlough wob. granted,' however, . and/storing tho paper .safely in my pooket/I:; " -tookithtfifirBt train for home. . . : j/. .sw.-1.;.'. -.'. the ' peculiarities of 'tho . Zig : Zag, bat X soon - : mado av/diBoovery that proved it to ;be friondrand also ehowed that the Diroot Iimo,. .-'. in refusing- aomo of' my/messages and' taking,,: < othors/was aofcing aoeordmgiolaw.inatead ol ;- in a epirit of oaprico, an I.- at first supposed. w.-- The work: of. the Zig Zag was to open oom.- . muniqations. with" tho stations . ou the Dircot . .Lino, and lihad only. to convey , ono . moaaogo .. . to oaeh station;toiaooompli6h.thid.r .When, the messogo waa received and tho answer Beat : > back by tho DLrcct Lrae.- tho oonncatioQ: yrdh >. .that istation: by. tho. 'DirCQt .LinQ-Wfis.ieat&b; r. .liahed/and messagasffiaahed baok .and 'lorftiv.v -withthQir.formor regolarity, .X have, boioro .: spoken. of tho meseagos that' camo unblddon; . taese-: nlso openGd communication on v tho i Dueot Dino, and to these two sets of stations -| :'my';mcasage8..wehi) straight. ; Stimitia'tedjby1 v: ; this disoovery, 1 operated- the Zig Zag. ,oheer-.r - fully; for I know that eaoh returmng mcasago > . enlarged thooroa of tho reaonqaorod tamtory. - By moans of tho voluntary .mossagoa and tho >. .. c&orta; of iho. Zig . Zag, X woo soon .in . dircot communication with :raoat of tho . stations, and tho. 080 of the Zig Zag became ilie ex ception.'. ' At. this -itimo: I used' to.-.ponder: - a good deal, ontho subjeat, and. fetrivo tQ:> a. oomprehond tho working of theco lines.:, 'Ond :. , thing. that-porplcxed:cao gro&tly; was tho .gap , EhotTpeed'tho Iflflt'&iflsaaVrfl; hv tha Zio'Zas'aha the. return mo/JHago by.' tho Diroot £jrao,...Oa.'>'. pl6iihg.'thoBh.statIo,n8ater,'dired6;'aQmmav:;' moation. had boon oatahliahed,- Xvfound that - - T3oma of the Zig , Zag< mossages, approaohod, > '.very - nearly tho-iuformation ; required - for examplo, tho > ono in regard' to - the company. w 1 It iwlllbd repblleeted; that.in.tho'. laafc'pietdrdj;. presented by the Zig Zag, a eorgcaat stood as if -about to givo; an ordor. , Now, tho order : : .realty givon was : V Company F, into lino !'.< but aa no Inkling. of > what. this. order wad - reaobed mo ftt tho. time; by. oithur.lino, tho.- i... gap, though appiirontly email,- oould hot bo > filled up,- At other timos;I could not, by tha . : VmoHt Careful. oxatnlnatioiv fihd'.thb least .,oon-:.-.r neption hetweon ;.tho. last mestaSQy-.thP ' : Zag- and tho anBwer by-tho Dircot Dine. -.This , : rpuzzlbd m6,-and;Xiraagined that somo of tho. mossagos.by theZig'ZGghdd raiscoiridd," and'.; | ha:d found thoir.'woy 'to' eonio, unknown dead- letter ofiloa; but I, finally- bcoamo satisfied - that tho gap, in caoh instance, oxtandod only , from tho Inot station on tho .Zig Zag to tho atntion on tho Direct Lino oonUummr the m- fomiation i:oughtt I now glvo the ooiuca of ro-oonnig diy which' thia concluaon v.-a ver.ohcd. fainca tho by tha Zig aamo.&t.rcgutar; iritcrvnlfi alter the fiiv.t, rmd tho first took doublo tho time of each of, tho . others,'! coualtiucu tlmu fclio dcjmaiah I T.out travelled at exactly, tho e:iuia rate of speed ua thd;, toturu mu.cijagG3. Tluui, if ;At B and .0.;/ ro'proBbht . atationa"6ntl\o -ZigiZag, and X) tUa, 'desired point on tbo Dircot Lino', and 'thb'iii- v'' , terval. of ' tiihp, between incseagea v/as ' Qvo . eccdndi). later, or at tlio oxact tiiuq that; toy: dcap'atoh rcaqhad B ; 'while tbo mcusago from ; ' B.wouldrcnoh me Qt tho saraa instant, that ' iny despatch reached 0, and conac qucutly tho ' » mcssago from O would reach rao at the camo timo tlmt my dc match xeaclwd D, tbo pomt. . . on tno Direct Lam ; mid us the tiftURUiis-uon of. nic:i2£urca on tho -Duect Lino occupied no anprcoiablo time, thin view, of the caia wna uuetamcd by iho fact that tlio unuviur. by tho . Direct. Lino alv/ayo'chino to. mo while I waa -. examining tho last mca.>agQ by tbo Zig Zag/. And now.lho hiatory of thia etranga lino ia fiiuehcd, at Icaot eo far a;s my hnowhdgii of it extends. I bid fnrawcll to tho Zig Zag for; ever. . Ahl but ia it forever? . Ab I Hit in tbo - twilight and watch tho gathering shfidowa, :- rani thuik of tho timo m- tho not Ut.itant tuturo \viioa tho nhadowd shall for the Ir.r t timo, and when pcrlmpj tho pwuing coal , will louft to cend tho final increagea of love, I u myaolii ' Shall I not fmd it uiwia ? ' 