TOWSER BILL'S TROUBLES. By DAVID G. FALK. CHAPTER VII. Birthdays, proverbially, are occasions for joy, but whether Mrs. Dowse hailed hers with any great anticipations of happiness, considering the calamity impending over her and her husband, is extremely doubtful. It may be argued that one reason why she did not exhibit any very violent symptoms of joy on the occasion was from the fact that each anniversary of her natal day brought in its train a year to be added on to her age. The gentler sex, we somehow instinctively know, as a rule experience little satisfaction in seeing themselves growing older; and in many cases it is on record that the birthday has even been purposely put back, in a wilful spirit of suppression. But it was a far different cause than the mere thought that she was growing older that clouded Mrs. Dowse's brow and made her regard the day with anything but feelings of pleasure. Feminine vanity, even if it existed in her case, which is not only improbable but almost ridiculous to contemplate - sank into insignificance before real misfortune. She had only one thought, that the next day she would have to give up the home she had lived in for so long. The most matter-of-fact people, and those least impressionable, cannot help contracting a cat-like affection for the roof that has covered them, for the home in which they have spent some years of their existence. Home is a sacred name throughout the world. Home ! where cherished associations and memories are as much a characteristic as the very materials of which it is built - where love, hope, fear, happiness, joy, sorrow, and the thousand experiences of existence, joyous and the reverse, have left traces as indelible as those of the builder and painter - where innumerable tender Lares and Penates have set up their temples in all odd nooks and corners - where Time has found us year in year out where he has laid his hand, not only on us, but on it too, with the same hallowing touch, so that both grow old together and march in unison on the same onward path. Home, to one and all, has almost a sacred meaning. And, as the old refrain says, however humble, it is atill home, and none the less dear. Thoughts something like these, even though not expressed in exactly the same words, and the cruel conviction that this day would be her last before having to set up her household gods elsewhere, were evidently disturbing Mrs. Dowse's peace of mind. Indeed, she appeared so downcast, and was so changed from what she used to be, that Christy, very early in the day, had not the heart to keep the announcement he had to make any longer a secret. He had wished to keep his news until after dinner, and bring it out with an overwhelming flourish of trumpets at that meal, but his better sense told him that it would be cruel to keep his aunt in ignorance any longer. So at the breakfast table he broke out out unexpectedly with what he had to say. There were, of course, only three interested persons present. After fidgeting about uneasily for some time in his seat, he suddenly jumped up and burst into a flight of oratory that quite took his audience by storm. " Dear aunt," be said affectionately : " I haven't wished you many happy returns of the day yet, and I can't resist any longer. Don't look so sad, because there isn't anything now for you to be down about, and Bill will tell you the same. We've settled up Somer's account and paid the bill. And here it is." Drawing an envelope from his coat pocket, he handed it excitedly to her, adding : " It's a birthday present for you, aunt, read what it says." Mrs. Dowse took the envelope with an almost frightened air, and casting her eyes over the address in front, read, " A birthday present tor Mrs. W. Dowse, with kind love and affection from her future niece and nephew, Mary Blake and Christy Maddock." " Why, Chris ! what's this ?"she exclaimed amazedly. " Open it : aunt, open it," he answered excitedly. Mrs. Dowse tore open the envelope. There was nothing within but a single slip of paper, which she hastily seized and read aloud . " I promise to pay, twelve months after date, to the order of J. Somers and Co. the sum of ninety-six pounds twelve shillings sterling, for value received," and its cancelled. " Oh, Chris : Chris," she exclaimed, agitatedly, with a thankful burst of tears. " I think I know what it all means. Oh, Chris, Chris." " Don't cry, aunt," exclaimed the young fellow, almost crying himself. " Its nothing at all. Bill knows it, aunt. But this is the way we - you tell her, Bill, for I feel so excited that I can't." " I know," she said, with the thankful tears still in her eyes : " you paid this money. Isn't that it, William ?" Mr. Dowse, who throughout this little episode had had hard work to control his impatience, but who had consoled himself for his silence for expressing his joy and delight at the proceedings in every imaginable way, such as stamping his feet, hiding himself under the table for brief periods, and doubling himself up in paroxysms of silent enjoyment. Mr. William Dowse, being thus appealed to, straightened his countenance, and joined in the discussion as excitedly as the others. " Yes, Maria," he exclaimed. " It was Chris as done it. Chris came up to me the day afore yesterday, an' he says -" " Let me tell aunt, Bill," exclaimed the young gentleman referred to, not able to keep silent in his excitement. " I'd got nearly £75 you know, aunt, from winning the Steeplechase and selling Megus, and so when I heard things were so bad --" " He didn't know much about it before," interrupted Towser Bill hurriedly. " Be quiet, Bill. When I heard about it I didn't know what to say, I was that sorry. So -" " He come up to me," burst in Towser Bill, unexpectedly taking up the thread of the story : " an' he says : Look here, Bill. I hadn't any idea things was so bad. I've got £75, an' here it is," he says, regularly shovellin' it on to me --" " No, I didn't," ejaculated Christy in his turn - " Bill wouldn't take it at first --" " Knowin' it was the money as he wanted to get married on, an' buy Butter's cottage with," he interrupted. " So I made him --" " Regularly shovellin' it on to me --" " Be quiet, Bill. So I had to make him take it," continued Christy eagerly. " And that's all about it. And I got the rest of the money from him." " Thirty pounds lyin' by," interrupted Towser Bill again, eager to take up the thread of the story. " And when he'd got it --" " I rode over yesterday,"' continued Christy as excitedly as ever, not giving the blacksmith the ghost of a chance of getting the the story into his hands : " and paid the bill, and there it is. And there's nothing more to be feared about going away now, is there, aunt," and the young fellow kissed Mrs. Dowse in triumph, and shook hands lustily with Towser Bill. " Oh, Chris ! However can we thank you," exclaimed Mrs. Dowse, returning his embrace with tearful heartiness. And you had so set your heart cm getting married with that money." " Why, aunt," he exclaimed, with a blush of pride glowing all over his face. " Do you know what Mary said when I told her about it. She said she'd never marry me at all if she thought I could be so selfish as to keep the money for myself when you wanted it. There's a girl for you." " Bravo," cried Towser Bill, still with some traces of excitement. "That's the right kind of a girl for you." " Well, well, Chris !" said his aunt gently, " It's no good trying to say all I feel, because I cannot. " " Oh, aunt ! If you say a word, I shall begin to think you're sorry. I consider myself very, very fortunate in being able to pay off just a little of all I owe to you and Bill here. But don't let's say a word more. Let's enjoy ourselves now. It's all over, so we can have a pleasant day together, can't we ?" " I'm sure it'll be the happiest day I've known for some time. And the present, comes from Mary, too," she continued, reading the envelope again. " Dear, good girl. And she urged you to to do it, Chris ? Wasn't she disappointed at all, because I suppose you will hare to wait a little now before you can get married ?" Master Christy was always willing to discourse on the merits of his lady-love, and so he answered with enthusiasm, dwelling upon her modest graces and perfections with lover-like ardour and enlarging upon his love and devotion to an almost unlimited extent. All of which, though doubtless doing honour to the young man's chivalry and devotion, might prove in relation somewhat tedious. " You know, aunt," he concluded, " it's my birthday, too, next Saturday ; and we thought of getting married on that day. But I'm quite content to wait now for a bit. We arranged that Mary should go back to service with Mrs. Cameron just for the present, and directly we're saved up enough money between us to buy the cottage, and set up things a bit, then we'll get married. So we shan't have to wait very long," he concluded gaily, "after all." Well, after all this, there can be little doubt that the three members of the blacksmith's household did spend a happy time together. Why, the subject had only - so to speak - just been broached. There was everything to tell and relate yet. The very minutest particulars of how Christy had opened his mind to Towser Bill - how a felicitous expedient having originated in the brain of the latter, the two conspirators had come to an arrangement to complete everything, and give her a happy surprise on her birthday. It all had to be minutely related, together with an accurate description of the interview between Christy - armed with the necessary sum to pay out the bill - and the redoubtable Somers, and finally finishing up with loudly expressed apologies by both for having kept her in suspense and ignorance for the day. Well, well ; after the first excitement had calmed down and they could face the position with a little mere equanimity, they passed a very pleasant day together, indeed, and the memorable birthday that hid opened in such a depressing fashion was brought to a happy and even jovial conclusion. And so for the time being ended the affair, much to the satisfaction of everyone concerned. But the sequel took place on the following Saturday, which, somewhat strange to say, was Christy's birthday. Why Mrs. Dowse, after busying herself with enigmatical preparations in the house, early on the morning of that day, and evidently by previous arrangement, should have set out on a secret journey in an antiquated spring- cart, with the faithful Squinter in the shafts, and the obliging Mister Johnny O'Raff driving, subsequent events went on to show. And why Towser Bill should have beguiled Christy out of the house to the other end of the township for nearly half the morning was also made manifest later on. And why an air of mysterious meaning should be perceptible in all the blacksmith's actions, and why he should burst out, every now and then, into sudden but hastily-stifled explosions of merriment - even those strange occurrences met with subsequent easy explanation. For no sooner had Christy returned to the house about midday with Towser Bill than he was met at the door by his aunt, who, in the meantime, had returned and drawn into the room. And not only was there a look of elation on that lady's face, but she heartily kissed her nephew as she said : " Many happy returns of the day. Chris, my dear, and see what a nice little present I've brought for you." And with that she went into the inner room, and, to her nephew's profound astonishment, returned leading by the hand no less a person than Christy's lady-love, blushing rosy red, and looking more modest and more bewitching than ever. And not only this, but the young lady threw herself into his arms, and said joyfully : " Oh, Chris ! Many, many happy returns of the day. And oh, Chris, I've come to live here with Mrs. Dowse instead of going to Tara." All of which, it will be admitted, was calculated to overset the self- possession of the most collected person, to say nothing of such a hot-headed young fellow as Christy. But it turned out, on subsequent explanation, that Mrs. Dowse had paid a visit to the selection of the paternal Blake the day previously, with the view of getting Mary and her mother's consent to the girl's stopping with her until she was married. In this she had been entirely successful, so that the cause of her mysterious journey in the spring cart was to fetch the young girl and her box. But the great surprise of the day was to follow. Towser Bill was to be its exponent. With his face literally beaming, after Christy's greeting with Mary was over (and be sure it took no inconsiderable time, though there were spectators present), the hirsute blacksmith advanced towards his nephew. " Many happy returns of the day, Chris, boy," he exclaimed, with a roar of laughter. " Do you know what this is ?" He held up to general view a lean account book, familiar enough to both Christy and his aunt. " That, Bill," he answered, in tones of astonishment. " Yes, of course. That's your cash-book, isn't it ?" " Right, but wrong, Chris," answered the blacksmith, holding in his glee with difficulty. " But try agen. What's this ?" Taking from the table a similar volume, he held it up for inspection. " That !" exclaimed Christy, more and more puzzled. " That's your account- book." " Right, but wrong agen. Chris, my boy," he answered, just pulling himself together in time to prevent an outburst. Indeed, his endeavours were something tremendous to contain his merriment until the proper time. " You're right, and still you're wrong, Chris. Try agen." " Oh, I'm sure I don't know what you mean, Bill," he answered, more puzzled than ever. " I know they are your account-books very welL" It was just simply impossible for Towser Bill to repress his exultation any longer. " Not mine, Chris," he roared, in a perfect burst of long-suppressed hilarity. " Ours !" " Why, what do you mean, Bill ?" exclaimed the astounded Christy. The blacksmith recovered his self-possession through a tremendous effort. " Read what it says in the first page of them books," he said, with forced gravity, handing them to Christy, not without an internal tremor of merriment. The young man took them from his hand in silent amazement, and turning to the first pace of one, read aloud : " Cash-book. Dowse and Maddock." " Now the t'other one, Chris," said the blacksmith, actually blue with suppressed merriment. Christy opened the other one, and read " Account-book. Dowse and Maddock." " That's it !" roared Towser Bill, giving full rein to his feelings at last. '' Dowse and Haddock. Partners we are. Tip us your hand, Chris, old man. Here's many happy returns of the day, and success to the new firm." There is no doubt that if Towser Bill had not rushed precipitately out, something serious would have happened ; for his glee was so overpowering, and he grew so black in the face that his companions were quite frightened. Christy, going to look for him some little time after, found him, much to his amazement, in the act of executing a slow and laboured measure in the solitude of the deserted smithy, similar to what he had surprised him at before, and which, he had every reason for supposing, denoted on the blacksmith's face an excess of joy and triumph. Christy brought him back in order to give vent publicly to thanks, protestations, and expostulations, and also to learn more about the mysterious affair. Towser Bill was forced to give further explanation. " Seein' you gave me your money so free an' willin', Chris," he said, with some little assumption of gravity at last, " Maria and me made up our minds that you shouldn't lose nothing by it, if we could help it. So I said, " Make him a pardner right off. He's been workin' about four years with me, and knows the trade. Make him a pardner," says I, and have done. Dowse and Maddock !" he exclaimed in another burst of uncontrolled merriment on catching sight of the open books on the table. " Dowse and Maddock, blacksmiths. Oh, my eye !" and feeling the humour of the situation more and more, he seized Christy by the hand, and burst into a roar of laughter. " But Bill, I don't see what --" commenced Christy hurriedly. " Of course not," he interrupted. Then, resuming his gravity to some extent, he continued --" You and me don't want to trouble the lawyers about this ere, Chris, do we ? We don't want no partnership deeds nor any rubbish of that kind. What I was thinkin' was this. This money you lent me, it'll go like for your bein' a pardner just for the present, and the firm (Towser Bill was very near going off again at this point, but controlled himself) I'll pay you back a bit at a time, just as things come in like, enough to buy Butter's allotment, and get married comfortable. And the fust money as comes in well put by 'till there's enough to set you up, Chris. And so, if you're agreeable, my boy, this 'ere piece of business is settled." " But Bill, that wouldn't be fair to you," cried Christy. " Look at all the plant you've got, and the -- " "I f you're agreeable, Chris," he interrupted, " I think we can look upon this ere piece of business as settled. Dowse and Maddock," he exclaimed, giving free rein to his merriment once again, though this time more out of a spirit of delicacy, to escape Christy's ardent and repeated thanks. " Dowse and Maddock ! Tip us your hand, Chris. Here's success to the new firm, and wishin' you'll be soon married --" " Success to the new firm," repeated Mrs. Dowse, heartily kissing her nephew, "and may you soon be married, Chris, dear. Even timid Mary Blake joined in the chorus, and exclaimed bravely : " And I must wish success to the new firm, too : and many, many happy returns of the day, dear Chris." * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Clang, clang ; bang, bang ; merrily sounds the chorus of hammer and anvil all day long in the smithy. Hiss, hiss ; whirr, whirr, roar the forge fires. Wheeze, wheeze ; gurr, groan the labouring bellows. Ding, dong ; ding, dong, comes every now and again the ponderous swing of Towser Bill's mighty sledge hammer. All is life, and activity, and bustle. Evidently things are going very well with the new firm. Three or four horses are standing, tied up to the hitching-posts, waiting to be shod : whilst outside, quite a little procession of vehicles of all sorts is drawn up, waiting their turn to come under the workmen's hands. There is an air of prosperity and success, too, in the appearance of the new stone smithy itself ; it looks so solid and substantial. Evidently the new firm of "Dowse and Maddock, blacksmiths and wheelwrights," is more prosperous than the former one of W. Dowse, blacksmith." Even the two members of the firm themselves reflect the improvement visible around. Towser Bill has become quite stout and jovial-looking, while Christy looks more manly, and keeps up as he works a braver chorus than ever. Not that he, or Towser Bill either for that matter, have to work so desperately hard now, although there is always work to do, for besides themselves there are no less than two other workmen in the smithy, to say nothing of a juvenile apprentice, who, wearing a straw hat perched knowingly on one side, bears a striking resemblance to Master Johnny O'Raff, and who is, in fact, that individual. Not that Towser Bill or Christy have to work so hard, for during a lull a curly-haired little toddler, staggering into the forge, and gazing wonderingly at the spattering fires that burst up with sudden welcome, is caught up then and there by Christy, and hoisted on to his back, and taken for an impromptu ride round and round and into the trim little cottage standing by. And it stands to reason that if things were not so good that they could indulge in a little leisure, Christy would not waste his time for any consideration, having now a wife and family to support. Nor would Towser Bill lay down his hammer and gaze so admiringly at his partner's proceedings. But he did do so, that is undoubted, for, after all, as he says himself and as Mrs. Dowse agrees with him now on every point to a most remarkable extent, (it may be taken for granted she thinks so too), " If one can't be a parent oneself, the next best thing is to have your nephy's youngsters running about you." For which sentiment, after all is said and done, Towser Bill must be heartily congratulated, for it is the wisest and most philosophical light in which to regard the position. But clang, clang ; bang, bang, merrily sounds the chorus of hammer and anvil. Hiss, hiss ; whirr, whirr, roar the forge fires. Wheeze, wheeze, gurr, groan the labouring bellows. Ding, dong ; ding dong, comes every now and again the ponderous swing of mighty hammers. And so, to the musical clink and chorus that tells of prosperity and good fortune with its metal voice, the curtain drops, and the smithy and its busy workmen, and the cottage standing by with the happy wife inside, and the sturdy children playing around, all fade and disappear, and are hidden from view. THE END. 