BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophi- cal) Institute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, Lon- don, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in re- lation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said :—Take, as a prominent in- stance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Budd- hism. The supposed miraculous con- ception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven ; the Dévas acknowledging his supremacy ; the pre- sentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet ; the temptation by Mara—which legends are embel- lished by the modern writer I have al- ready quoted, under such phrases as 'Conceived by the Holy Ghost,' ' Born of the Virgin Mary,' ' Song of the heavenly host,' ' Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wil- derness'—none of these are found in the early Pâli texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suf- fering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pâli texts, of deliverance at the hands of a God ; but the man Gautama Buddha, stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sor- row and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such em- bellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things fami- liar to us in our Bibles, we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long sub- sequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the his- tory of Christ. The ' Bhagavat-Gita,' a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth, wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet, and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the ' Maha-Bharata,' so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the ' Maha-Bharata' to furnish a divine sanction to the ' Bhagavat-Gita.' If, then, as there is the strongest rea- son to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most re- markable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ? Several home and colonial appli- cations to join the Institute as guinea Subscribers were received, and its ob- ject being to investigate all philosophi- cal and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,—a discussion ensued in which Mr Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr Coles, an earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Profes- sor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner, brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tar- tar sculptures, showing the first intro- duction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such addition- al confirmation of Mr Collins' state- ments. 