FATHER FOCARTY'S FRONT TEETH. A MISTERy, BY ROBERT P. WHIT WORTH. *? Yfi don't believe in ghosts fit all, then," said host Began, as we sat round the huge fire in his comfortable hosfcelrie in Beechworth, one cold dirty night last Jane. The day had been » wild and stormy one, as is frequently the die |q winter in that elevated locality, and we, a p&rty; of five, were glad to be sheltered within the boose, listening to the wind that ewe in shrieking gusts round the corners, -and the heavy swish and patter of therain on .the window panes. In accord with the of the night, the conversation had foitun | dismal and dreary tone, about acci dents, murders, boshranging and the like, ftsd bad at last drifted off into the subjcct ol disembodied spirits. Some onef< I forget whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief in an oh rubbish, as he called it. Hence Host Begon's question. 111, lor one, don't," I said. 411 don't be* lieve a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor g>ir>nU| nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw head and bloody bones, nor any of the crew, any more than I do in Jack the Giant ifflw or Little Bed Hiding Hood." 11 Well now," said Host ltegan, emitting a oontemplative whiff, " I'm not so sartain abont that. To be sure I never seen a ghost meself,but I've known tbim ashas, or said they had. Father Doolan, of my parish, used to toll us it was all nonsense, bat my old gr&nny;, test her sowl> said many's the time die heard the screeob of the banshee, and aeen bar too wanst, a woman in white, wring* ing her hands, that faded away like the mist. X oouldn't aay for sartain, but if it wasn't a ghost or a sperrit that was# in Father Fogarty's front teeth, what was it ? " "Fall ier Fogarty's front teeth," we ejacu lated in surprise. " Ah, maybe ye never heerd the story. It wu a moat mysterious affair, bat I'll tell it ye." And 10 Host Began, who was a droit fun-1 loving Irishman, ceremoniously re- filled his pipe, and not without a merry twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told as the story of XMher Fogarty's front teeth. " It was a good many years ago whin I was I on the Rocky River diggings in New South Wales. Thim was the rough times, and many and many's the divil's own motions I Men on that same Rocky River. It was .boat 1866 whin I was working there, and there was maybe about six or seven hundred min on the field. It was alluvial sinking, .hafts and tnnnels mostly. Well, some o' the diggers was quiet enough, but some was tile dml's own b'ys entirely. 11 There was a party of me own oonnthry* men, barrin they were from Tipperary and I was from Wexford, workin' at a place down the river called Kennedy's Creek, about fifty of them there were, and at another plaoe ealled Mount Welsh, on the other side of Post Office Golly, was about as many Ulster tnin from Donegal. " These bad all kem out in the same ship, and had got quarrelling on boord, and if it wasn't that the oaptain had kep 'em below turn about, there'd ha' been murdher aboord and worse. " Anyhow there they wor, about a couple of miles apart, and kep' up the blaak blood feud beehune 'em, and if it wasn't for the rest of us who wanted pace and quietness, and kep' 'em down by sheer strenth of numbers, there d ha' been no livin* there. Even then I doubt if we'd have been able to keep ordher if it wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty. " Oh, Father Fogarty, ye wor a jewel of a praste intirely. Father Fogarty was the olirgyman of the disthric', stationed at Armi dale, but moat of hia time he epint on the diggings, by rason of havin' to,move about from one place to another on the 'river, about thirty-five miles in all. He was a tall burly man, with the reddest noBe I ever seen on moraal man, and two black eyes as bowld as . hawk's. He kem to keep ordher on the field, and, by the hokey, he done it. He praohed paoe and goodwill amongst ua, and ne practised it - wid a horsewhip. He was kind and patient wid us all - till his eyes began to glisten, and his red nose to twitch, and then, tare and ages, but it was look out for squalls. We were all, every man Jack of the seven hundhred of us rough diggers, afeard of him, Irish, English, and Scotch alike. He'd the soft word and the eivil word for everybody, ontil he was put out, and then-philliloo! He'd a heart as ?ott as butther, and a iisht like a horse's hoof. He'd tell us our juty in a way would bring the wather into our eyes, and persuade os to do it with a think stick. To the sick or the nhuck man he was a lamb; to the idle, the desolate, and the blasphemer, a raging lion. 1 Bhawn Brady avick,' 1 heard him say one day to a big Galway fellow that was always quarrelling and fighting,' come bore till 1 spake to ye. What's all this I hear ?about ye? Ye've not been sober for a week, Ughtin' and crealin' a rookawn day and night kU the time, and tbo language you use! Holy Bridget, it's athrocious. What hare ye to say for yourself ?' Brady stood sheepishly fingering the brim of his caubeon, anil mut tered something about having ' the dhrop in.' 11' The dhrop in is it ? The dhrop in 7' ho (oared, ' it's the dhrop that'll lade yer BOWI to eternal perdition, ye gourmouge, ye omad batrn; and you not done a uthroke of work sinoe laBt washin' up, and your ould father and mother at Oraumore without the bite or the sup for all you care, ye ondutiful, black hearted vagabone. I know ye. l)y this and by that I'll put the cross bcchune us, and thrash ye till your four bones ache. Down on your knees sir, and promise your prasto to conduct yourself like a dacent b'y, or by the mortial, I'll do what I Bay;' and llrady done it, and then Bnaked away like a whipped hound. Still for all ho ruled us, as one mfclit say, Bt the point of his shillelagh; it would lie a bad day for any one who had laid a (inner on him, or insulted him, if we i:ot to hear of it. Mot that he oouldn't lake his own part, and would too, if necessary. The bully of the oamp at the time was a great big Lankio, who'd been a oollicr, and who was a pcrfoct giant in strength and biutality. One day Father 1'ogarty, hearin' a row in the l'ick. and Bhovel, wint in, and found the divil'H own ?rnntinnaunin on. There was this big fellow bekaae bo wouldn't Rive him dhrink, and two or three others tbryin' to pull him away. "'What's this?' says Father Fogarty; ' clcar out o' this, every mother's son of ye,' pointin' at tho name time to the door. The others wint, but the Lankie turned round and faoed him, ehtill holdin' Cross, a little ohap, by the hair. '"Let go tho dacent man,' said Father Fogarty, quietly, but his nose twitching dan gerously. "' Aw'll noan do that for thee noather,' Baid the Lankie, with an oath. " The reply was a stinging out across the cheek with his horsewhip. " The Lankie quitted hiB holt and rushed at Father Fogarty with the roar of a mad bull. But the praste wasn't to he caught like that. The shock was terrible whin they met, but what the Lankie had in sthrinth, Father Fogarty had in scoience. He gave him the inside crook, and the gi&Dt; wint down with a crash that shook tho rafthers; thin coolly dhragging out the insinsible form by the heels, he shied it into the muddy gutther. ' Tell that blagyard,' he said to some passers by, 'whin he comes to himself, that if he wants any more to oome to Father Fogarty.' But it seemed ho didn't want any more-, for he carefully avoided the praste for weeks, and was even, after he had left the llocky, heard to express his admiration for him. ' That theer Father Fogarty,' he would say, ' he're Bummat loike a pa'ason, he wur. By Gow, he're the only mon 'at ever gradely fettlet Lankie Sam, an' chonce it.' " As I've said, every mother's son on the field had a howly terror of Father Paul Fogarty's horsewhip, and it was a soight worth lookin' at to see sometimes on a Mon day, for he'd ginerally oome from Armidale on a Monday, whin a lot o' the fellows who hadn't turned to would be dhrinkin, an' risin' a rookawn in the camp, would see his bony white horse comin' over the rise. The word was riz in a minute, and you'd dielaughin' to see a score or two of big, brawny fellows ruehin' away to their holes like rabbits into their warrens. " How and ever, this has nothing to do wid Father Fogarty's front teeth. As I told ye before, there was a party of about fifty Tips, working at Kennedy's Creek, and about the same number of Donegal men at Mount Welsh, and there was blaok bitter blood bechnne 'em. Well tor one thing or another they'd had bitsof sorimmages bechnne them, but nothin' to hurt, beside a broken head or so, ontil early one Saturday mornin', Mistber White, the warden, and a fine dacent man he was, kem to me on the quite, an' siz he; ' Began,' sez he,' I know your'e a quite dacent law abidin' citizen.' 1 Its proud I am this day to hear you say so, sir,' siz I. ' Now,' siz he,' look at here. The esoort has gone to Sydney, and I'm left here with only one oon stable. I'm inforrumed that the TipB beyant are coming in a body, after washin' up to-day to attack the Donegal min, an' I want you to help me to prevint it.' ' But sir,' siz I,' what would I do to prevint it, and beside that if they want to fight it out let 'em, we'll have no paoe tUl they do, and thin again, I wouldn't like to. spoil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of harmless Bport as you are Regan,' says he, . but this means bloodshed, murder, robbery, the camp burned over our heads maybe. Will you help me to prevint it?' 'I will, sir,' siz I, ' if you'll tell me how.' ' Come up to the polioe camp,' siz he,' I'll have a horse saddled tor you on the other Bide the hill, then ride to Armidale as if the divil was aflber ye, and bring Father Fogarty baok with ye. Faith he's worth a whole army of throopers. Save yer horses at Uralla. ana oome in through the bush to the baok of the camp, so that nobody 'U see ye. An* may be we'll have some fun yet.' 'I'll go bail we will sir,' siz I,'faix I can fancy I see them all eouttherin' whin his riverence's red noBe is to the fore.' " Well, I wint, and soon covered the twelve miles. I found the praste just sittia' down to bis brexwust. "' Savo yer riverenoe,' siz I. "1 Save ye kindly,' siz he, ' sit down and &"But whin I tould him my arrant, you should have seen him. His eyes fairly blazed, and his red nose twitohed up aDd down like a jack-jumper. Oh 1 the blBOkgaardB, the vagabones. Mona mon diavul. Heaven be bechune us and evil, it I don't break every bone in their skins. Not a thraneen do I care tor the best of them. Oh! I'll throunoe 'em. Oh I the roarin', soliamin', thievin' omadltmtru. Oh I the curse of Cromwell-Holy Bridget grant me patience-the poor benighted hathens where's my whip? "We were bask before noon, having left our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Danger's lagoon, and done the remaining two miles through the buBh. Father Fogarty was en sconced in the polioe camp unobserved, where I left him fretting and fuming like a caged tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some thrifling exouse. "I could not help laughing and ohuokling to meself, as I pictured to meself the total rout of the contending armies, but wisely said nothin' to my mates whin they axed me what was I laughin' at, exoept, 'Wait a bit, maybe ye'll see some fun soon.' " At about two o'clock we knocked off, and by three the oamp was pretty full of diggers from all parts of the river, and I noticed that the Tips had all oome armed wid sticks, while in many of their jumpers were bulges that towld tales to me of that fearful weapon, the " stone in a stooking." " At about four o'olock the ruction began. The Tips, who had formed themselves into a body just above the polioe camp, raised a sudden yell, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to annihilate their unpre pared foes, when the gate opened wide, and out marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in hand. "' Howly mother,' oried someone,' it'B the praste 1 ' " I've heer'd tell that whin Boney lost the battle of Watherloo, he eaid something in Frinch that manes 1 the divil take the hind most.' * Well, it was just that. Ye never seen such a soatther. Up the hill, and down the road, into the bush, and into the river, they fled, with the victorious praste dhrivin' the vanquished inimy before him, laBhin' and slashin' at them for dear life. "1 Ye murtherin' thaves 1 ye graceless villains 1 ye rapparees 1 I'll taohe ye; I'll excom Howly Bidpup, bot's bat ?' " Bat, or that, as be meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at him, but whioh had sthruck him clane in the mouth, knocking out two of his front teeth, and complatcly puttin' a full shtop to his eloquence. " lie roared, he yelled, he spat out mouth f uls of blood and teeth, he danced, he tore bis hair, ho threw down his hat and jumped on it. £ nivcr soon a man in such a tearin1 rage, and what made him ten times worse was that ho couldn't talk so as to make himself undherstood. "' Oli I you burberib poumbibs, be pur]) of 1'ombib Oh I oh I ahl " I need hardly say the fun was over for that day. Father Fogarty was led baok to the policc camp amid respectful silence, the opposing forces were routed, but tho haro of the day was disabled. " Av coorso be oouldn't perform masB the next day, as not only was his mouth Bwollen and Ilia lip cut, but the loss of liis teeth ren dered liitn incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they heard of llic accidcnt, but aB he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon nx to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. Jiut hero a new difficulty stood in the way He positively refused to go. It was bad enough to bo laughed at there, but to make himself a laughing stock to tho graceless people of Sydney, ho couldn't and he wouldn't. De aides, a« he said, ' Bo peppard'u plape wab wib hip plop.' " ' Fortunately, or unfortunately, just at this time, a dintisl, a poor one, but still a dintist came up to Armidale, and to him wint Father Fogarty for relief from his woes. Now in thlm days artiiloial teeth were not so common, especially in suoh out of the way places as the Hooky Kiver diggings as they arc now, and this dintist'H business was more in the way of takin' out teeth than putting them in. But tlio cane was urgent, and prompted by the pronpeot ol good pay, the dintiat undertuk to supply the missing in oisors. lie had no teeth unless he oould net them at second hand from some dead body, and that was hardly practicable, nor had be any ivory to make them of, unless in deed a billiard ball, or, happy thought-yes, he bad it. There was a spare pair of dicc in the bar of the hotel where he sthayed, and of these he would manufacture tho teeth. The landlord gave them up to him willingly enough, remarking at the time that they were all that was left by Jack Adams, who had died on the Itocky three months before, and represented a grog score of four pounds three, which Jack left owing. As the grog scorc was gone the dicc mi3ht as well go after it, and they were loaded anyhow. "But little use as the dice were as dice, tboy came in admirably for Father Fogarty's front teeth. They were cut down, polished, fitted nicely on a goold plate, and once more Father Fogarty rejoiced in perfect white ana even front teeth, more white and even, to tell the thrutb, than the originals had been. Tho dintist was happy, for be had been paid his bill. Father Fogarty was happy, bekase lie could talk and ate once more like a rasonable Christian, and his parishioners were happy, bekase their pasthor was again able to prache to them, or maybe scowld them. " Now here the ehtory as a matter-of-fact shtory inds, but here comes in the mystarious part of it. Father Fogarlv, worthy man, was not exactly an asoetic. Ho had always liked his tumbler of punch going to bed, and maybe bis drap ol whiskey on a cowld wet day, a draw of the pipe, and maybe a quite rubber of whist, or a hand at spoil five or cribbage with a friend in an evenin'. His language out of the pulpit had occasionally been a little Bthrong, but niver such as could well be taken exception to, except by the,very fastiguous. But now all thiB was changed. He felt an unac countable and unconquerable longing which grew sthronger and sthronger on him every day, to visit the billiard rooms at the Wel lington or the Freemasons. Perhaps there was no great harrum in that, but whin it kem to betting on stbrokes, makin' one at pool, and talkin' the slang of the game, it grew noticeable. Thin, again, he seemed to fall unconsciously into the liabit of shmoking cigars, and even pipes, not only there, but in the public sthreets. He played loo, and once startled the frequenters of a public bar by propoBin' a little flutther at hazard for a fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what was it? He couldn't tell. He was sorely exercised in his moind. Ho knew quite well what he was doin', and yet for the life of him he couldn't help it. He fought against the infatuation, but it seemed to to overmashter him eomplately. " But matibers grew worse and worse. One Sunday while servin' mass he shcandaliscd his congregation by suddenly announcin' that he would ' back the field, bar one.' There was a dead silence, and his hearers looked at eaoh other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with the evil spirit, for surely it was an evil spirit that had taken possession of him, bat ere long bis flock were still more schcandalised by hearing him assever with a terrible oath that he would ' go a level pony on the little chestnut filly Ganymede.' Some of the congregation riz and left at this sacri lege, and the poor praste bowed bis head to his pulpit ousnions, and wept. Thim who re mained looked pityingly on their beloved paBtor, who, afther a pause, riz and said-" My chil dren, you are astonished, no doubt, bnt no more than I am, at my sthrange conduct; but you must see that I am either goin' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you evens on either single, or five to one on the double evint. Bring in the bones-half a-crown in, aDd the winner shouts.' " These last extraordinary words were wrung from him in agony, as tho beads of sweat on his brow plainly showed, and after utterin' them he fell into an eostasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lewd and profane exclamations. Men turned pale with terror, and women shrieked, same fainted, ae rising from his knees he shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, ' And now I'll shake any one in the crowd for drinks all round.' " Clearly Father Fogarty was mad-stark, starin', ravin' mad. Or was it possible that the devil Bttll had power on earth to enter into the human frame and utter blasphemies like theBe. " He was led to hiB house by some of his Borrowing Book, and a message despatched oft' to Maitland, where his superior was, inform ing him of the sad occurrence. "Another clargyman was Bint up, but Father Fogarty grew worse. The language he used was sometbin' awful to hear, and the doothor oould do nothin' for him. " The heart-felt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of every other congregation, for he was well liked by all, were offered up, but in vain. " He was sinsible enough, and, poor man, knew well, too well, what he was doin'. llis heart was bruk. Yes, he waB possessed of a devil that would not, and could not be driven out. "But one day, as he was rampagin' as usual, talkin' about horse racin' and oock fightin', and gamblin', and all kinds of spoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktailB, and other murdhcrin' dbrinks, sure, a sthrange thing happened. FATHEH FOQABTY'h FRONT TKETH FELIj OUT. " In s moment there was a change. " Father Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the foul-mouthed, fiend ridden, gambler, the drinking, tearin', swearin' reprobate, but the humble, pious, earneBt ser vant of God he had been before his sthrange attack. "He knew what it was. He felt what it was. It was the teeth done it. They had been made, the dintist confesses it afther, out of the dice that had belonged to Jack Adams, the most notorious gambler, blas phemer, and evil liver on tho diggings, and the blaok soul of the licentious rowdy had, afther his death, haunted the dice, his fami liar spirits during his lifetime. " At lastc, if it wasn't that," concluded Host ltegan,with an air of conviction, "what was it ? " We none of us could solve the problem, and could only confess, with Hamlet that-// the ! story were true-there are indeed more things in heaven and earth than even we dreamt of in our philosophy. 