01U SPOBTING LETTER. .t.. aps o?? ut'a.J m 1sc:l3 is i(" a t d tridngramsoalasai criing -ithen we stertbbystogether." And uot nOs are do 1'lger in" lcee-"dapd pltticosts, -satill: we follow cut tl: iiL-ai of our foutli,-and? eecmpiify the old saw that ,t'Uia boy is father to the mtu,' in that Te nonw expres curtslre- by notinr. -that "the leash is-out and'thi rein is ih." 'Io drop m?eopl:or, however, this ~tanhtble meain that coursing is aow a ,'thingof'thie pat" so fIr as this. bls sed'~yt*r'of'o?r Lrd-ISS41-is coo *rieedt, ans that we are row onto more aridiftlyr intetesteil ii that' great Bri tgI pIistiiie't hidi ii so ucnch beloved ..ly the rip k4h ntati;ti of the "right ittele, tight little islntid" in this bigger'{ i3llnd'oT'otir ,'which geographers dis titsfbiih by th's title of the "fifth Con As the sport of c6hrsiatg is not deasd li' osiy s~al aeibsp;: the quotati6on-de h.tfiirslnil rniiit'boum'ran larilly be s5zidts'ajiplf to if, and therefore Imay be ex.isst.l if, ad' a old coursing man, 1.n't ony on these shores; but oni the l?'iodiO of ?std" Tientte'r' int a' criti cd idA etiti tetst stasasons performances. :iiibdoin' years ago the sport of cbIt ?ie hbsinti-odheed by some lovers qIt) t hfilsbn' arabeTg ni' ne fagled it?cait was immediitely seized on by Sdur' lerds o' creation" as something " taosth pairboisitg/for by it they could gain plenty of kudos without risking i tl-d'rfast 'aantity of the "tiller," as I eiiashy lid Ibhond'to:their cost to be the ase with th at noble sport of kitigso :orse racing. They argued thatonce I they had the possession of a greyhound tl'woult only cost abonO hatfia-sor. a. -week to t Iratin it, nsteal of five or 'ix times that amount, as was requiredo n risg'oiaisanri ? other best-friend ' "fit S ru? - for a man'-tife."'-=The glory of :liiiing ones- nameo tltEed on to the flst a d"i Waterloo Cau winhers was almost ..e qial to thatof owning a Melbourne 1 -fp winner. "Muetrglory, little cost," .ind thus the sport flourished for a time. t 'I'iose great land proprietors, Messrs. I 'laske and Chirnside, setting a per-. iion of their vast estates apart ior the I1 \- gratuitous use of the game. . The -sport went merrily on, judges t were introduced from England, sports men with plenty of backbone impoited -aCe'most fashionable "blood" existing c i?r the old country, and dreams were d foadly entertained by some enthusiasts a that not only could we bleed a dog I thar would astonish the old world, but a -' aventsthat coursers in that dilapidated 11 Jbl d spot would fly to Australia to find aii:h climate, such coursing ground, ii .ueb~lydg~ e and such officials as could i Siot be produced in the sea-girt shores n, of old England. h ;Bunt a change has come over -the I scene. Quite nine-tenths of these d holodial: nabobs who supported the e \- lash have fallen away from that lore si '?`',ey profeteed for it, and the melan- fi holy .fact remains that coorsing in C ic-tVieteri is on- the wane. Yet the g . ieason is not difficult to find, In the S bid days, when it was necessary.to ti -:jeap for hour after hoar, there was nl Boibe" eeitement in the waiting and bI watching for ilie welcome " so ho,"and a; =-thiedy, was there the glarious uncer- ti tainty that the owner of the worse dog " 'slip. may through some ilcky acci. te dent obiain the verdict., There we e as i'raflayL theaselittle affairs that made at btiies' f he long tails live on hope that his favourite may bring grist to to ibe inili by accidentally-bowliog over some great pot. But all these expecs. i tatioha have been kuocked on the head e -'y the introduntion in our.land of that . iystem~tof enclosedV coursing:grounds, a iaangurated bhyj Mr. Teoriin Casii of :Plumpton, in Sussex. Here; if the a " .dge be" perfecti;he best dog most , wion.? h-o uincertainfy about it ' Unless at the courier possess a good greyhound: .e :knowi it is useless entering: him tiithli a big entrance money, on these eu :E'nleelf grounds, and- so, as he has hot got the ilock or the coin necessary' t -o compete with tio squattocrats, he A : ts 'rid of the few dogs he has in the speediest manner possible. .a S? there any remedy for this? "f eltotr there it, and a very simple one, t or the effect of-one trial has proved its efficacy. It lies in the fact that a re- u .duiede entranee f-e is absolutely. Stfdessary; and this sas fully excmpli f-ed at the late Sherwood Park tucetig. when Mr. J. B. Scott had full entries i ;.for the stakes rcn .cf c: his pretty little ground, whereas the powerful Victoria Club was very modestly sop Sported on their oval the same week, be- to 'tUsse" they maintained their ccnserva- i tive tnttirs of having big entry money. P i nb"? irD tdle care of this mat. TI -?t .e ' fin rming their programme :·f neti season, otl~lerise it will -i,.O ,qniri a"i prother to predicr a ran failuio" amongst thile " faThers of t .heo h ash ."' mce ie is ntrodouctin, o thao men iavrde been stauncher surplcr:tr of the je', rhtsn the flon. Wm. McCul!,:h S.id .\t. Rfbert Chirside, and it i indeed gratifying to c.hrcnc!le the fact irSet their res!,ect:;rt '-c nras e L:b ot I' tie fore in ceory all the go-d \- blae tn itfor this igan. 'l.0 two I S ole ribber: of te lea-hI f-or in:t ,ecte, t.lve btr ?on by ti,.m, for th- N.S.\ . ' actirloo C trr was won h thile Glen \- iiy releen cc.' ve- .?[f soot:, fr ithom Mair. Mcou.icth gave r -ig rn 1 tast season alter this grit s'n oi theater Ithd won thee V.C.C. Derhy. ( thilst the same dog occupied theL Siti~o ef rmncme 'p in the VicTNran t.Waterlco Cup, to Mr. Chirnit?t' fitported son of Bedfellow -and Auct i -Mlartha-Melfcrt, whuo h:ld treu iouy distitgnishel Ihititel. on British coil. I say it is CS i?ntctory to know thai such enthu- rists hate earned their re rard, and the he.pe ofervery true lovr: of the sport, is eIa: they may ng?in bn to the fore. s ome of the clubs which cnce nmd big spias!?hnve deteriorit-.I mdehly .. pecially the A.C.. sn.I lt 1 11 aIr:. C.t., whilst thie i~trih G:jpp-'oith: ?rone with great ULilli ,oV. It i I :o sieable that the two former stick to high tt:?nc mnryi vwhils ctur r: lean!s of ith: "new province" go for e the o?prt, not troubing nerch about ;e the d"!,ar ,.their eutranc?o mioey only Sbeing eoough:to cover the ex; cnsrs of r tt the iriung elt th rinr.r. May Such it patriotsdo uri-i. t Bc3 courotig t , ow c3 ry-.ty'ots 5with srurgtnapCs. for nO cannot got crany. "thtefore I go to wil t!.e s swerds conqltoeror cn what rve can a ebtai:-rscinri. Surely we have a p!etho'r, for every Saturday for ette three monthts to ccre i. en c gagel by some mettrpolitan or subur. , ban turf club. ':?a:l:nly the Icatrn has cummnnrce., d ;a tmore calarai t us tbeginting wtans nle.r seen ex-oept for i'th wielderir, f tt e mtggic. penil, wLo .- generally come out rquare in the erd, which ever way thu issue ,ity b2. As 1 preutme my redetrs knost, the I ab ,olutely legitruate rai ;, seaso n \- alterys' cemen eca witt thoe Iatwks e bury Grand Hlandicap of one adl.::-chalf Smiles. For thi event the fir,: chaom pion of New Zealand was credited w ith the top weight after the withdranal of his countiyman, Mhttii-Tfl i;and notwhth.tanding that the laudtt:ne-t tLhorse south of the line was caLed uFcn to carry -the heavy imp'ct of I Lt., the dollars were put down very I freely cc this great scicn of The Liblo famnly. :1Iut there was a small cacou L rtcha buzzing about in the air, anrd tih pernicas put through his name to tthe intense disgust of everyone, for the horse was bkekeJ to win no less a sum than -30;000;- and- notwithstanding that he was knocked about like a shuttke ockin tlhemarket, th're were still nibblers after the go!de. b :t. j.~~in ihoi- :did .this all come ahout As it has not yet appearel in print, 1 [will bb:the :6rstto:enlighten the gent!e confidigpaublic. Know, then, that we have,amsongst our ring masters two ce tain books, who hate one another, like a ceertain ge:itlem?l--wrcll, you know the rest; and each of the-e said bookies. is an ovner of racehorses. Now, No. 1 laid no less a sum than £10,000 to the hooky No. 2 that No.2's horse woun 'd not win the Ifawkesbur mrand. Of course, this at once sent th;e ibrse.ip.in the market, and the noble No. i -who, by the be,is ne of o the. most progressive men in the. ring--:. could not get round. So what des he do.' ht batcc:Sir Mlodred to win himi altogether about .1.5,000 at 15 to 1.I But then Sir .Modred's owner ,became sore that. he, could not get anything like shiia: a jphsic against his own roperty; so a stiroke of the pen, and iwatsa donae?No. f hialIstt0ool thou. o certaini without standing anything I against t/eie-.?100f which the lines iu his blo shahew~: he'still stood to lose. However, he WasiTn luck's way, for his "drse ,.3ageiflto" the ,routl, the winner turning up in the despised out siderr Hlatings. . And then came a fdrtfiefsetirrf perdashes, .3alsua and Off Color for. the 3Ictrop., and thatI greate' of uallurprises, the victory of Sir.Modred in the race, he not beint" thought; to hale the ghost of "a -hoe ? after his defeat in the Spring Stakes by Mainua and Oi Color. And then again he won in a canter from these two in the Craren Plate of I j mile. However, I am at the end of my tether, but in my next I shall have something moreto say on this matter. as well'as on other sport .. - 