DRAMATIC GOSSIP. Johann Gung'l, famous at one time as the composer of popular waltzes, recently died in Hungary. Some fiddling pays. Abbey gives Joachim £12.000 for one hundred concerts in the United States. By submitting to an operation for excision of the uvula, M. Stephane, a Parisian tenor, has gained much in force and brilliancy of voice. Mr. Justin McCarthy, not content with political and literary distinction, aspires to shine as a dramatist, and is preparing an acting version of his novel, " The Maid of Athens." Lydia Cowell is playing successfully as Jo at the London Standard Theatre in another adaptation of "Bleak House" entitled "Jo, the Outcast," from the pen of Mr. James Mortimer. Two apparently full-blooded French negroes, M.M, Galouret and Damare, have become members of our Theatre ftoyal orchestra, They are very fine performers on the cornet and flute. It is intended to produce Dumas'adapta tion of " Hamlet" at the Comddie Franyaise, with Mounet-Sully as the Prince. Mounet Sully was a most boisterously potential actor not so long ago; but, thanks principally to the patience and insistence of Got, the veteran doyen—this loud but clever socii taire has toned down considerably of late years. Seat plans and elevations of a new National Opera House to be erected by Mr. J. H. Mapleson, on the Victoria Embankment, have been .delivered. They provide for 460 or chestral and 440 balcony stalls, 90 private boxes on three tiers, 600 amphitheatre stalls, and a 860 amphitheatre seats, bouquet and music counters, a spacious foyer, royal apartments, a lady's boudoir, and a smoking room. The Alhambra, home of gorgeous spec tacle, comic opera, and lavish legs, has arisen from its aBhes gaily decorated in the Moorish Arabesque style; fireproof as any theatre can possibly be, but extra draughty in consequence. The opening per formance consisted of an address spoken by Fred Mervin, and a fairy spectacular opera written by G. R. Sims, and composed by Clay, one of the cleverest English Frederic musicians. It took four and a half hours to get through the bill.' Much of the music is yoted even too good for ' an Alhambra audience, an unaccompanied fisher-folks song—" We hardy sons and daughters of every Bea-girt land"—being exquisitely con ceived and harmonized. It is sad to know that the terrible strain and anxiety conse quent on overseeing the preparation of so important a production expedited a paralytic stroke, from the effects of which Frederic Clay was lying in a critical condition when the mail left. Not only had he to undertake the heavy work incidental to the score, but he conducted the band rehearsals, and was present with Mr. Sims at all other rehearsals. These frequently lasted from 6 in the evening till 5 the next morning. Mr. Clay stepped out of the conductor's chair after the first performance with a sigh of relief. " Thank God." he said to Mr. Sims. "we've pulled it through without a hitch, old man; to-morrow we can sit in easy chairs and take life quietly again." And on the morrow, at the restful time anticipated, he reeled stricken into the arms of Mb collabora teur. It is some time since W. J. Holloway paid' £300 for the questionable pleasure of punch ing a dramatic critic. Though his name no longer rolls in majestic cadence from local Olympians, at Ballarat there is no cesBa- 1 tion of the mighty sound. Holloway bas prospered and made money, and shortly visits the old country in search of dramas for Ms Australian public. In a recent issue of the Courier, however, " A Ballarat Playgoer since 1855 bits our ancient theatrical acquaintance hard on soft places. If one persuasion more than another pervades W. J, H.'s cerebral organ ism, it is thathe (W. J. H.) is the one " poor player" alive specially created and adopted by a generous Providence for the absolute realization of love-lorn Romeo. Says the cruel "Playgoer:"—"I should like to see him again in 'Macbeth.' ... I think next to Marc Antony and the Ghost iu * Hamlet,' it is Ms best part, and much more suited to him than Romeo or Hamlet." Further on, "Miss Essie Jenyns is a pretty but very weak Parthenia. , . . And I think the management should be careful how they thruBt Miss Jenyns into parts beyond her present strength, but wait till her powers are more developed. I am sorry that Mr. Holloway should think that the drama requires such backing up as 'Colonel' Ike Austin can give it, ana think it degrades it." There is much raw truth, however, mixed in these remarks. Austin iB, of course,the exhibition rifleshot. Strange to say Wybert Reeve engaged Austin lately at Sydney. 