Sydney Police Court Scenes and Reflections. [Bï " NOBTHUMBEm.AND,"J B-is in the custody of men of unbending reso- lution he has been arrested for assault and battery on a boy of tender yeors, and for getting bis long eleerer without troubling to pay for it The S M on the bench has a f&cs; and a self- possession as free from emotion and passion as that of the Sphynx, such as we have often observed when Mr T. K Abbott P VI, assumes his official seat, and tbe serious functions of the cnmt The preiidingmigistrate, Mr Dillon, merelj glincts at the prisoner, and nain diately directs his attention to the evidence and to taking not-e Everything is divested of romance, sentiment, pretended or real, abject humiliation, and bsseecnng, imploring glances, piteous appeals for domeney, ill elad or elegantly dressed, the accomplished but unfortunate lady, or the fUunting, gay toned smirk, smile, bounce, indignant and outraged pseudo in io cence of the demi monde, the "Bill Sykes' and the "Cagliostro," the lowest types of the vulgar, the hi,hest, moet distinguished, and cultured representatives of the polished swindler, forger, and impersonator, the refined mrs finished deportment, and marvellous ass irance o' the gentle man who has just been snapped o way from fashion- able salons, (rom the exchange, the banking house, the emolument of h gb civil offic», the whirl and swirl of fashionable and elegant society,-nil of these we have seen arraigned The presiding magistrate is insensible of h wing supped and chainpflgned with prisoner, or of having seen him at the club the dirty bedraggled wretch of the gutter. and the den ; man or woman or child ; the gentlem in who has prostituted his office and brought a scholarly mind, a fertile ingenuity, an engaging ¡uaoitcr m modo to do it-all are equal before the tribunal, It mattera not: the man who bas to do justly, and to interpret and administer the law, eeemB as insensible to the impulses of human sympathy and compassion as Teneriffe. B-is n low, powerful, forbidding countenanced ruffian, short of stature, fquare jawed, vigilant of eye, attentive to every word of the constable's evidence, and to all the others wbo had evidence to give His face looked haggard, hungry, hunted, and defiant, and he occasionally glanced about as if like the "Frantic Ghost" in "Young Nigh a Thoughts" be could find soma avenue of escape Quota B- to a witness, to tbe boy he had tamed, and who bad to be carried into Court : "Look at me. Do you know the nature of an oath ?" "Yee.'* "What is itP' "I mustn't tell a he.' Well, will you tell a HeP" "No" " Did you ever see that pup before P ' [Here he pr > duced a terrier pup, about two Wtieks old ] Now you mustn't tell a lie." " Yes ' " Where ? ' " Oa father's cjunter." "Did you touch it?" "Yes." "Did you take it off the counter and say it was n nice pup ?" " Yes " " When I snatched itof your hands and said ' Oon't touoh my pup' didn't you fall do wn ? ' " No." " And yet you never tell lies ?" " No " " Sneak up! You say that you did not fall down?' "Ye5." Where tben do you say I knocked yon down ? ' In the street outside the door " " That wil I do for you j ou are a trained story-teller. Your Worship, I may be unfortunate, God knows that I am, but my nature would revolt against such an inhuman net Instead of striking a child like that I would with my life shield and protect bim from injury " So, after similar smart cross-exam nations of the boy, the boy's father, and others, bail was offered bim. He made quite an eloquent address, and pa hstically said, " Your Worship, I am without a single friend, and I have nota single penny ". He was committed I was taken by surprise by bis mastery of forensic art, his ingenious examining of witnesses, his solemn earnestness, his appropriate language, his lone and friendless condition, that I left the court and desired the Senior-sergeant to p armit me to see B- He kindly went with me. B- still had his tiny handsome brown coloured terrier pup ; be was in a cell with other prisoners, and I said to him through the little iron-barred window, "B--, I am sorry for you , I belieTe from your earnestness you have spoken some truth I bave never seen you before, and you will bave a kng wail You may or may not be guilty of tbe assault on the boy, but I bave no doubt but that you used the bad language ascribed to you ; with the ser sergeant's permission I will give you 5s to get some useful th n¡e " The sergeant con- senting, I gave it to him, end he thanked me. On leaving, the senioreergeant said, "You little know bow mistaken your kindness le. That IB the worst of Sydney larrikins j be is seldom out of gaol, he has been punished for ¿anotting, indecent exposure, burglarj, theft, and vagrancy, and he is one of the worst characters we have to look after in Sydney." Gall, SpurzbBim, and Combe, and even the esti mabie and learned Lavater, have furn shed a hiatus samewhere ia their various sjsteinj their systems are not to be verified by mathematical niceties How easily may a most studious and careful disciple be deceived, The man's f see, his serious, earnest, and solemn affirmation of his innocence disarmed many but those experienced in the history of crime There are mtn with no better tj pes of head nor quality of organisation thinB-m pulpit, and good men too B-i has been fad on other food in the era ila and out of it, trom the dawn of consciousness until now. Environed by wickedness, he has breathed it fed on it, fattened in crime on it, and is likely to die under its merciless control. Loud protestations of innocence however peppered and salted; with inexpressible grief, backed up with tremulous emotion and the passionate outbursts of a soul writhing under the indignity of a pretended wrong avuls nothing The S M does his duty, In this way did the great men of Rome appeal to Junius Brutus, not to sacrifice his two sons, who with Tarquin hid conspired against the empire Brutus, father and first maristrate, was inexorable " Who is this person ?" enquired Judge Hales " My lord, I am the gentlem in who sent you the two haunches of venison " " Let lum be paid then full value before I proceed with the case " " Prisoner, the law decides that your two eyes be plucked out, but this is also the law, that if you can find anyone to equally share your punishment, it will meet the ends of justice that you each hav&oneeje; extir- pated. I will be that one to suffer with you" Thus spake a judge to his unhappy son who was arraigned bsfore ) im The justice of the peace, the police magistrate, the stipendiary magistrate, the puisne judge, the Lord High Chancellor, in discbarge of their highly respon- sible offices, must be elevated above the common sentiment of pity, and attend only to the inexorable logic of truth and justice, se far as law directs them. It often, too often, happens that the fount of law and justice is rendered impure through politic*! agencies and self-interest particularly in the caseä ot justices of the peace, many of whom are unread, very igno- rant, coarse, and vulgar. A bundle of votes has secured them an honour and a social position worthy only of the degenerate days of the Roman Empire A mop of shock, frowsy, unkempt hair stieks over against the iron railings of the prisoners' dock The rail is grasped by the tiny, smutty hands of a street Arab, Sometimes his chin rests on the rail, as ha stretches on tiptoe- sometimes his noseis flattened against it, and out ot the smut and dirt of his mur h bedaubed face sbine quick, curioui, scrutinising eyes - very observing, alert, and intelligent eyes they are - and they contrast with pinched features and tattered rags, and shoe- less feet. Not a tremor or expression of fear, awe, or shame, It's like circus to bim, dear little fellow, forsaken of all but God, who has provided this way of mercy to save body and soul " What's your name ?" " Patsy." " Patsy what t" " It isn't Patsy what, it's Patsy it is." We find out that he is Patsy Maloney, aged ten years, he thinks, but small of stature at that. S, M. to arresting officer " Where did you say you found him ?" " I found him sleeping in a market cart" "Is he known to the police ?" " Yes, your worship, he leads a vagrant life, but sometimes we lose sight of him for weeke.to gether, " Where is your father ? ' "1 ain't got none." "Have}ou a mother?" "YeB" "Where is she?" "I don't know." "You don't know, surely you know where your mother c in be found ? ' "No, I don't know, she went away wid a man as is called Spots," " Is it long since t ' " Long since it is now, and he used to lick me, he did, but I ran away too fast from him, I did, and he could not catch me, he couldn't." Where do you liveP "I don't live nowheres" Where do you sleep? "I sleeps anywheres, I do" You must be sent to the " Vernon," where you will be taken care of. What a motley lot I saw in that court house and others in Sydney. I saw but one familiar face on this occasion Mr Levien was present to attend to the interest of a client I bad seen enough of the sad types of human depravity and suffering My Lord Bishops-you, Drs Pearson and Moorhouse and all of you, of every order and dignity, profound teachers of ethics, and of the philosophy of salvation -are there not woree heathens under the shadows of your cathedrals, churchs", and chapati, than are to be found in China, or in the New Hebrides What deed, however so atrocious, ever perpetrated by savage", can excel or equ d in atrocity tbe tragedies of Woolloomooloo or Waterloo P What ob- scenities do they commit which will Compare with the public indecencies of ev ry day lire as are reported m our daily pres9, and wno e bistiry is carved on the lows of culprits with tho lash P What ure your learned scholars, your eloquent preachers, and instructors of morals and cinduct of life doing to narrow up the fountain of it all ? Strong drink I believe to be that fountain We lnve pverywnere wo move in, hamlet, village, and city, innumerable beer shops, public birs, and hotels where drink is almost toread upon us by a monstrously vicious legislation How soon could all this bo changed for the bitter if the power to grant license was left to the voices of the majority, and if all christian clergy- men would act as the estimable and philanthropic rather Matthew did If all of you, ot every creed, of every denomination, of every mode of thought, would s reop out the Au¿ean stable of its unprincipled landlord?, fr-tudulent brewers, and adulterers of spirituous liquors This would diminish crime hy diminishing the inducements which lead to it, it will al o di mnish supply nnd demand Honorable men end women engaged in such business will not en courage men to knock down their cheques or their [ wages and fuddle and drink until they are just insane enough to commit a murder, to sink on a dung hill and die (a case laBt week occurred in Sydney), to sleep in a gutter, to feed carrion crows and dingoes in the bush, oi to terminate their own unhappy existence, sometimes the best panacea for them. I saw in one court eighteen drunk cases adjudicated in one morning. Some of the victims wore an air of abj«cte3t misery and despondent melancholy, on n Monday morning too, But you legislators, philosophers, prelates, priests, clergymen, and preachers know best why more effective move- ments are not instituted. Religion and philosophy will some day forget all party rancour, discover a noble unity of purpose, and help to regenerate the world. One diy in a metropolitan police court is sickening enough. I will slightly aiter one of Horace's lines: Something to see by Bacchus, something to leam at least; There lue whole day long one's life is a horrid feast. There is another phase of life nearly as bad : While up at a villa one lives, I maintain, no more than a beast Now for the "Salvationists," What a din and a noise as the Army marches on. Horace again, at least the song of his steward, when this steward WIIB bored to death in the Sabine Farm and willy nilly would go to town, and no queetiou of wages neither Bang, whang, whang goes the drum, tootle te tootle the life. Oh, a day in the city square, there is no such pleasure ia life. I will fallow the Salvationists in my next; 