'(Seitipl Jntclligcnci. f l ike green blinds appear like new brush jijVer with linseed oil. ileum V NasBY lias been visiting Bos, - ; 1 the Gazette describes hitn as ' short, fat y, though still a hard and steady worker, .bod when travelling is to hire a whole in a Pullman ear, have the curtains ip, and the table 3et up, and then pro- Jbusiness with a type. writer and a jug.' pe Peck, proprietor of Peck's Sun, was fepr-rter in New York, 'several hundred hpoorer than when he was simply dead hit id he left that city determined never to jl ntil he had amassed a fortune of at least !'( dollars. Ills Sun is 6nid now to yield : income of twenty. live thousand dollars a Somewhat singular that the eldest son of I ice of Wales, after having been known Vorld ever since his baptism as Prince .'ictor, has suddenly determined to be mice Edward. He certainly does own ye of Edward, but it is the last of the 'j,x names by which he was christened. ' jl that the Prince Consort always wished n co of Wales to bear the name of Edward Pien.he should come to the throne. Per- designed that there should be a line of ck Edwards. The Prince Consort's own :loe was Francis and not Albert, and, for i,ter, the Queen was baptised Alexandrian ' £» n1jarl of Devon's proposal to sell to the i on his Irish estate the interest in their ,v, under the provisions of the Land Act ,nhas not met with that ready and gener ic inse which was expected. The tenants, 'e, are evidently proceeding with great !' jand now that they have fixity of tenure £,iot evince any desire to become peasant 'jT »rs except on easy terms. r Rossmore, in his reply to the letter of ,;e from the Lords Commissioners of the al, speaks of the Commissioners as hav- 3 :ted him as a victim for removal from nission of the pence from among the l oigistrates who attended the meeting at Although the decision of their lord- ! 3 a matter of but small importance to I 'personally, he felt it would be con- . lly many of the loyal inhabitants of the another slight directed against those 5s been anxious to protest against the t 1 of rapine and revolution. To the fore- ij j joinder of Lord Rossmore, the Lords rQioners of the Great Seal have replied. Llhat they found nothing in the letter uld induce them to doubt the propriety cision which they felt compelled to take l'h fullest consideration of the uncontro r cts of the case. They therefore declined further the matter with his lordship, f autiful dream of Mr. Walter Besant, ?in sketched the ' Palace of Delight' in .j1 3 and Conditions of Men,' is, says the .. ics, likely to become an actual reality. 'il(niitlee of the Beaumont Trust, an East- 1 hy, have it in contemplation to devote Plilndor of their capital and £200 of in- telhe building of a 'people's palace,' to be j n the Mile-end-road. It is intended . ralace shall contain a hall for lectures ( /rts, a large circular library like the one Jtish Museum, bays or recesses for pri- Jy , class-rooms for instruction, a large n-m, where all kinds of gymnastics could :tsj on without an instructor, a swimming ntechool, a promenade adjoining the con- \- an open garden with fountains and ( specimens, and, lastly, a winter gar- e details of the scheme are yet in em- the general idea is to afford opportnni- 'hcreation for the poor of eastern Lou- it t jWBRE sentence has been passed upon the £>rr of an old-established restaurant in r inselling at a high price to his customers E jion which purported to be champagne jind of one of the best known firms of 5 According to tho evidence, the waiters tD'nuch dexterity as accomplices in the i bteing provided with genuine corks bear- d amp of the firm in question, they would peiriie before the customers, and adroitly (j one of theee for that which they drew 1 ; great majority of the frequenters of jrant who indulged in the luxury of ;ecd champagne do not appear to have cliai that there was anything amiss. The i upon the defendant was a fortnight's jpinent, 2000fr. fine, 10,000fr. damages to j tfl over to the firm defrauded, and the jnnserting the judgment in ten news persons, says the Home Neics, have wit- a magnificent a meeting as that at the rcHonse to discuss the Transvaal ques- ie ew of the demands of the delegates of hiiGovernment, When Mr. Forster de- jnat, though born a Quaker, he would oent than concede the principal demands ,, egates, the enthusiasm of the audience l .Sonnds. The Government will have ;'PU careful what they do in this matter. fhe an age of clubs. In London there are Is every species of human animal. The biy clubs established during the last ten bit)e£'on ew survive- The last ven- ' hew Ladies' Club. Many attempts at = "of thing have been made, and success Pur rare. It is odd that where they are i5 s<y and an air of solemnity reignB ; true, j Stie considered dangerous if there was jd "(hilarity. The women seem to think jj jo move about like ghosts, to talk in am"and frown in conscious dignity.. They , but except in domestic cases of ex? a "Virility, for which this club life would irn<in cure, we ( Home News ) recommend fds, should refuse their wives permission to ess. dismal societies, har'heeler, the ' poetess of Passion,' is m;enty-four years old, petite in figure, loulders, mobile expression, a sweet \ nd very brown eyes. She wears a miirure ana bang, and is plainly, but essed. It cannot be said that she is handsome, yet she is prepossessing, irr'what might bo called intellectual jar incident, which is said to have hap- ' )aramut, is related by a writer in the wri Cycling Nevis. It is said that a far- e .vening recently was returning home in e .fter having sold a load of hay, accom- , y a number of friends. They had little longer at a way-side hotel than t to have done, but were all the jollier t'earing Caramut they beheld what was is :o be a largo snake coilod up on the lolie men alighted, armed themselves angs, and belaboured the 'reptile' in a caerciful manner, without affecting it in An examination followed, and tho i was made that the supposed snake was ov>ubber frnt wheel tire of a bicycle. >w of the bicycle had come to grief a ill) before, and was at that juncture nur- ounds at the nearest hotel. ' a s'chcliffe, of Byaduk, has a remark- e by King Alfred, out of a heavy ? nare (says tho Hamilton Spectator .) ed this animal for breeding purposes disuccessive seasons, and finds that the ngws stock which are tho complete per- JWn of the sire. Her first foal, by Tarn . jv was a veritable Welsh pony, of ex- roportions. Her second foal, by a :nc.red sire, turned out to be quite a onting racehorse. Her third foal, by a -Jos horse, is of the heavy draught breed, ir I hairy legs, and resembling his sire in radicular. The progeny in each case are 10iiodel8 of the different breeds, and ' tand Mr. Hinchcliffe intends next sear "d his mare to the racehorse Hughen? l,"take his chance of getting a Cup I mere are 382,000 domestic servants in London. Iwexty women have taken the B A. jlegree in the University of London during thS1 past year. The leader of the Salvntion Army in 'tifiTia is said to have adopted the garb of a Hindoo fakir. A tower, nearly 100 feet in height, is to be erected near Bolton Abbey as a memorial of the late Lord Frederick Cavendish. A girl named Lizzie Murphy, a domestic ser vant 16 years of age. drowned herself in Lake Wendouree, near Ballarat. She left a note be hind her saying that her seduction at tho place where she lnd been in service had caused her to commit the deed. It is reported that the Adelaide exploring party has made a successful journey through hitherto untravelled country in the inferior, and discovered two large rivers and an extensive range near the Queensland boundary. The extent to which the manufacture of sausages is carried on in Chicago is almost in credible. It manufactures 260,000 lbs., or 130 tons, of sausages daily, and the business gives employment to 700 persons, about one- fifth of whom are females. Advices have been received from Admiral Courbet, staling that the French troops recently made a recon naissance on the Black ilag position at Bacninh, when they found the town to be occupied by the enemy in strong force. Last month Dr. Annie Clark, of Birmingham, was elected an acting physican of the Children's Hospital there, in preference to eight of the most eminent phj-sicians in the town.. A Pennsylvania manufacturer has had to pay £2000 for his neglect to provide fire escapes for his factory. That sum has been awarded to a young woman, who, to escape burning, had to jump trom a window, permanently crippling herself. The snlary of the Americnn President is £20,000 a year. Queen Victoria's income, in come, including the returns from her property, amounts to £600,000, while the Emperor of Ger many and King of Italy are each in receipt of a mucli larger sum. A man, name unknown, has been fornid dead in the Picton Railway tunnel. His arms and legs were severed from his body, and it is supposed that he was run over by a train. It is rumoured that the well-known St. Albans training and racing establishment has been sold to Mr. J. Crozier, junr., of South Australia. The price is said to be £3S,000. The Npcoijc Vremya, one of the leading daily papers published in St. Petersburg, attacks Baron Miklouho.Maclay for being favourable to the annex ation of New Guinea by England. Sullivan, the champion slogger of America, studied in Boston for the Roman Catholic priest hood. But eventually he became a " bruiser" be cause he saw that more gate money could be made out of pugilism. The prolonged rainfall in Victoria has done an almost incalculable amount of damage to the gar nered crops. Not alone have the numerous stacks of wheat lying at the various railway stations (says the Bendigo Advertiser) throughout the colony been saturated, but in the North- Western District there are many stacks of wheaten ear ready for threshing, and which have been thoroughly wetted. The danger lies not only in the grain being damped but from the probability of the wheat in the ear sprouting, which it will undoubtedly do unless steps are taken to separate the sheaves. Shocking news has been brought to Auckland that the island of Raratonga, in the Cook's Islands group, has been visited by a frightful and des tructive hurricane. Much valuable property has been destroyed, and a large number of people have lost their lives. Captains Anderson and Munn, and members of various ships' crews have been drowned. Three Auckland schooners — the Atlantic, Agnes Bell, and Makea Ariki — were wrecked, but a 'number of other vessels are known to have foundered. Raratonga is about 30 miles in circuit, and being mountainous and visible at a great dis tance, has a romantic appearance. It is well known to navigators of the South Seas. It pre sents bold cliifs to the sea, and is surrounded by a coral reef with several openings, which admit small vessels. The natives, about 4000, have been con verted to Christianity. They live chiefly in the three towns, which are well built, and have a clean and comfortable appearance. Raratonga was de vastated by a terrible hurricane in March, 1S46. — Evening News. The imperfection of oui divorce laws, says the Hour , was recently shown by a case of pecu liar hardship. Something over two years ago a New York heiress married in this State a citi zen of Montreal, where the young couple went to live. Immediately after the marriage the wife handed over to the husband more than two- thirds of her fortune of 300,000dol, Afterwards the wife, becoming aware of the husband's mis conduct, sued for and obtained a divorce in the New York Supreme Court, the defendant making no opposition and returning a poition of the plaintiff's fortune. This, however, was not satisfactory to the divorced wife, who brought suit in the Canadian courts for a return of the entire sura, 200,000dol which she had given him, or an account of what he had done, with it. TIub action has just been decided in favour of the de? fendnnt, on the ground that the plaintiff is Btili his wifetHe Canadian decision thns admitting the validity of the New York marriage, but re fusing to recognise the New York divorce. By taking up her residence in this State, of course the plaintiff can enjoy the advantages of her judicial release from her husbaud, but at the cost of nearly all her fortune. The question of fruit as an article of diet for the sick was recently discussed by Professor Qeclam, in the Ge.sundheit, and in the course of bis remarks he laid stress upon the necessity of properly masticating fruit, as much of the pre judice which exists against its use as a sick per son's diet aiise8 from the fact that it is often consumed in a hasty, and consequently injurious, manner. He excludes from his dietary scale all fruit which is so hard as to require much exer tion in masticating it. As to the choice of fruit he gives copious details as to the relative pro portions of acid contained in different varieties. Plums contain the largest quantity of acid, and only a limited amount of saccharine matter, although tho taste is deceived in this respect hy the other component parts of the fruit in question. Ripe red pears form the other extreme of the scale of acidity. It will surprise many people to know that there is a marked change in tho taste of the day regarding precious stones. There is now a large demand for the coloured stones, particularly rubies. There was a four-carat ruby sold at Tiffany'r not long since for fourteen thousand dollars. Other gems of colour, such as the sapphire, are eought after. But what will most surprise the reader i8 the fact that coloured dia monds are not only not inferior to those of pure water, but that they are much more valuable, when the colour is perfect and the stone with out a flaw. Blue diamonds, for instnnco, are extremely rare, and verv valuable. But some of the most beautiful of these coloured gems are the ennary diamonds. They are tho rage in New York and London. Wilhelmj, the violinist, when last here, possessed a canary diamond of great beauty, which was sold him by Tiffany. Those who hai e never seen one of these gems can have no conception of the great beauty, the clearness, the limpidity, and the brilliance of the canary diamond. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— Outward infirmities. — Before the discovery of these reme dies, many cases of sores, ulcers, &c.;, were pro nounced to be hopelessly incurable, becauso the treatment pursued tended to dastroy the strength it was incompetent to preserve, and to exasperate the symptoms it was inadequate to removo Holloway's Pills exert the most wholesome powers over the unhealthy flesh or skin, without debarring tho patient from fresh air and exer cise, and thus the constitutional vigour is hue- banded while the most malignant ulcers, abscesses, and Bkin diseases are in process of cure. Both Ointment and Pills make the blood richer and purer, instead of parmitting it to fall into rhnt poor and watery state so fatal to njany laboiuing uqder chronic ulcerations. 