 The Revolt against Governor Bligh. THE Sir Joseph Banks's papers, recently purchased for the Government of New South Wales, contain letters and other documents pertaining to the rebellion under Governor Bligh in Sydney. It was through the interest of Sir Joseph Banks that Captain Bligh reoeivod his appointment. In a letter addressed to him, March 15, 1805, the former intimated that Governor King was "tired of his station;" adding "and well he may be." Not un- duly did he boast of his influence with the Colonial Office in all that concerned that distant territory. "I have always," he declared, "since the first institu- tion of the new colony at New South Wales, taken a deep interest in," &c.; He held out no fallacious pro- mise when he affirmed, "I can, therefore, if you choose it, place you in the Government of the \- new colony, with an income of £2000." More than this, he went on to say that as the captain was good for 15 years more work, if he could save a thousand each year, the sum, with accumulated interest, would bring in a fortnne of £30,000. Unfortunately, the rebellion - after about a year's enjoyment of the salary - arrested the construction of this fairy palace. As early as 1787, the year of the departure of the first Governor for Botany Bay, the interest of his friend (the great naturalist) had procured him the position of conductor of the South Sea mission. The bread-fruit trees of that lovely island, Otaheite, had attracted much attention ; and, believing that a new, cheap, and nutritious food could thus be provided for negro slaves in the West Indies, Government fitted out an expedition under Banks's superintendance to obtain plants for our sugar colonies. The first trial collapsed through the mutiny of the Bounty, when Captain Bligh and others were put out in an open boat upon the wide ocean, suffering terribly on their way through Torres Straits to Timor. A second voyage was more successful with the trees. Appointed governor through Sir Joseph Banks, his first letter from Sydney, November 5, 1807, to the Right Honourable C. F. Greville, reports upon the social condition of Sydney much as previous rulers Captain King and Captain Hunter had done. All condemned the conduct of trading officers (belonging to the New South Wales Corps), and all lamented the ravages drink made in the community, with conse- quent misery. " You can form no idea," wrote Captain Bligh, "of the class of persons here who consider themselves gentlemen. The colony seems to have been in a dis- tracted state, and this, I am sorry to say, has been caused by the want of proper dignity at Government House, where every person was admitted." This was a reflection upon the officers first, and then upon the energetic but free and easy Governor King. "The disturbers," he fancies, "would always be at work until they find they are defeated, without any visible resistance." Unhappily for him, he attempted a very visible and passionate opposition to the military, commercial party. He raised the ghost. He justly believed that "great regard is due to more than Syd- ney - to industrious settler-farmers who feed us." These, he informs the London representative of the Ministry, "have been so treated by impositions from those who consider themselves of the superior class, as would have made them all vassals in a little time." He espoused the cause of the producers against the soi disant mercantile officers. The im- petuous rashness whioh brought mutiny on the "Bounty" caused rebellion in Sydney. A sense of right he had, and a desire to relieve poor settlers from oppression; but his intolerance of intolerance was so vehement, and so accompanied by personal feeling, that he failed in an honest effort and brought ruin on himself. The collection contains what is called a duplicate account of the rebellion by Captain Bligh. It is dated from Government House, Sydney, June 30, 1808\. This document contains 88 pages foolscap. A case previously brought before a Court Martial was damaging to the Governor's official character. This trial of Lieutenant Short, at Portsmouth, towards the c;ose of 1807, served to increase the rancour of political adversaries in Sydney, and tended to cool the friendship of some in London who had been Bligh's admirers. Remarks upon the Court-martial, by Sir Isaac Coffin, addressed to the Hon. W. Pale, of the Admirality, December 13, 1807, were not a little valuable to the cause of the opposition. lt was distinctly affirmed, though denied by Lieut. Petley, that the charges against Mr. Short had been instigated by the Governor himself. The object of Sir Isaac Coffin's communication was undoubtedly to excite official sympathy on account of the accused. The gentleman, it was urged, had occasioned great provocation in Sydney, andendured much cruel usage. He had been sent home in arrest in a leaky ship, and his wife had died from the miseries and anxiety she suffered on the voyage. He had intended being a permanent settler, and was prepared to settle on his grant when the trouble arose. Sir Iaaac hoped the Admiralty would do something for the poor fellow. Mrs. Elizabeth Bligh, who did not go out with her husband, as her married daughter was accompanying a consumptive partner for his health to New South Wales, battled loyally for the calumniated governor. She sought the advice and assistance of Sir Joseph Banks. In her letter of January 14, 1808, she fears that Lieutenant Short's trial would be very mischiev- ous in its influence, as many bitter things were said reflecting on the Executive of Sydney. She, there- fore, entreats him to uphold her husband's character. Already some busy person had assured her that Captain Bligh was superseded. Eleven days after, she wrote again to him from Durham-place, London, with news from her husband, who had sent through her some drawings of plants for the president of the Royal Society. She laments the too evident leaning of influential parties to the tales told at the trial ot Mr. Short, and which she de= clares are utterly baseless and false. Among those she suspects of complicity with the opponents of the Governor were Colonel Foveaux, Captain Hunter and Captain Kent. She pleads that he would in all haste endeavour to gain the ear of Mr. Cooke at Downing street, through his friend the Hon. Mr. Greville. The acquittal of Lieutentant Short by the court martial still further depressed the gloom of the lady. But, like a loving and courageous wife, she re- solved to plead her husband's cause in his absence, and prepared an elaborate defence, to be forwarded to the Admiralty. On February 1 she informed Sir Joseph that she wished him to read her memorial first, then wafer it, and attend to its safe transmission. This earnest and well-timed appeal was directed to the Hon. W. Pale, to whom Sir Isaac Coffin had pre- viously written. Her indignation was strongly ex- cited about one cruel report ; it was reported that the Governor, in a season of distress from famine, had made private profit by the sale of food from the stores. In reply to Captain Bligh's communication concern- ing colonial affairs, Sir Joseph tells him, August 25, 1808, that an attack of gout had prevented his writ- ing before. He referred to the "misrepresentation as has occurred in the case of Lieutenant Short." He stigmatised the charge against Bligh on that trial as "unmerited and unsupported." Still, he had defended his character in a private letter to Lord Mulgrave. Turning then to natural history, he noted the arrival of Captain King, with Australian plants, and the doings of his collectors. Sensible of growing infirmities, he cheerfully adds, " I have had a long and a happy life, and am quite willing to resign it." Copies of previous answers to Mrs. Bligh are not in the collection left by Sir Joseph Banks. One, how= ever, is given there, dated December 24, 1808. This was after news of the rebellion had reached England, regretting the improbability of her husband's restora- tion to power, he asserting his conviction that no proof of the allegations againat that officer had been found, and that the charge was an "abominable revelation." As to the opposition of the New South Wales corps against the Governor, he tries to console her with the observation that soldiers never liked obedience to a sailor. Mr. Greville addressed Sir Joseph, September 20, 1808, in acknowledgment of a letter urging his help. "I am sorry," said he, "to hear that Bligh has been deposed." Remarking that the plans of his enemies have been very "artfully conducted," and that Mr. Macarthur is now at home as a delegate, he pleads his "sorry health "as a reason why he should not be expected to do more for the deposed. A letter from Mr. E. Cooke, Downing-street, December 22, 1808, expresses to Banks privately a conviction that the Governor, after such an insurrec- tion, must be recalled. He had heard, however, that the officer was on his way home. After his return there would be means taken to punish the rebels. "That so many months, or even years, were allowed by the British Ministry to pass, without decisive action upon so extraordinary an occurrence as the revolt of the military againat the colonial executive, can only be accounted for by the absorbing matter of continental politics, and the array of nearly all Europe, under Napoleon, against the very existenoe of Old England. Colonial affairs, however urgent, could have little hearing at such a trying time. Mrs. Bligh sent on documents to Sloane-square December 21, 1808, assuring the distinguished naturalist of her satisfaction in knowing that no bad reports had arrived affecting her husband's reputa- tion. She was somewhat uneasy as to the intelligence that General Nightingale was to be sent out to Port Jackson in command. The lady could indite an admirable letter. The Rev. Samuel Marsden, colonial chaplain, was for two years in England, taking no part in the whole of the exoiting circumstances. He did, how- ever, write to Sir Joseph from Walcot-place, August 20,1809, informing him that he had news of Major Johnstone being on his way home to answer charges to be brought againat him. A letter from Colonel Paterson, a botanical corres- pondent of Sir Joseph's, has a curious side and safe reference to the man under whom he had acted as Lieutenant-Governor. It is dated from Launceston (his seat of Government), September 29,1808. He had just discovered in Van Dieman's Land a curious insect which made very good honey. He noticed kan- garoo meat being received in the stores at 18d a lb, and remarked the fact that the temperature had been 62deg in Hobart when 91deg at Launceston. But the way in which he referred to the recent doings at Sydney was highly diplomatic. Though familiar with Banks, he knew that Bligh was a protege, if not a favourite. It was clear that the Governor had few, if any, friends among the officials, high or low. This, then, was the guarded way in which the Port Dal- rymple ruler told his tale:-"The Government was in a wretched state from tyranny and oppression (at least so say they) when the circumstance took place." Mr. Provost Gore, who suffered with the Governor in the rising, gave Mrs. Bligh a report of the whole proceedings in a letter, October 6, 1809, covering 21 pages. He addressed it to Durham-place, Lambeth. He warned her to beware of the chaplain, who might seek to gain her confidence, but who was well-known to be in sympathy and communication with the rebels. He gave a proof, as he supposed, of the thorough want of honourable conduct in the highest officials, as the Lieutenant-Governor asserting that, as a reward for complicity, Colonel Foveaux had received a favour from the rebel authorities in the grant of 500 acres of land to his mistress. Mr. Provost Gore gave this description of the state of colonial sooiety at the time he wrote, saying, " Many persons are daily incarcerated in the dun- geons of Sydney gaol, and are transported to the Coal river for expressing a wish to see His Majesty's Go- vernment re-established here." One letter only remains to record anything of the trial in London. This is from Admiral Bligh to Banks on May 25, 1811. The court had just then ad- journed. Colonel Johnstone, he told his friend, had declared that he "was obliged to put me under arrest, and that I shook hands with him and thanked him for the act of seizing and securing my person." He thus expressed his confidence : " I am standing a severe trial, which, nevertheless, I trust truth will enable me to overcome." Sir Joseph Banks adds no more in the collection. No reflections of his own upon the transaction are given beyond those in these letters . 