SPIRITUALISM EXPOSED. S (From the "Morning Post.") ,Ta. Soeiety for the Prosecution of P sychieal Research might do worse in is: investigation into occult phenomena : than invoke the patronage of the Arch. duke Rudolph of Austria for its quest after the "mysterious and supernatural. Though the heir of the Austro-Hu. garisn Crown. still suffers from 'Pitt's "crime " of being, a young masn, the enterprising and prosperous fraternity ,;' f mediums and spirit-rappers must be i' liei:to exclaim, in the words of one of Sir alter Scott's characters, that " there is. the craft of years beneath his " 'crle~ I loe-locks." The Crown Prince laas dealt , blow to spiritualism and risvdtaries which will long be remem . beredin Vienna, and. outside Vienna, tid ~ which is all tie more sensible, and :afflicting to the prof:ssors of the mystic science, inasmuch as the position of the illustrious personage who unmasked them secures the greatest possible notoriety. for their ;distomforture. A thousand local exposures of the artifices ''of''imediums and spirit necromancers would have had less publicity than this detection wrought by the keenness and eammnsn;sinse of the heir of a throne. SNor can it bb'said that it was an obscure . or unskilftil practitioner who was foiled Sb theAustrian Crown Prince. Mr. Bastian deserves the reputation of being on?.»" ? tile' most successful of the American meadiums who from time to .:,i. alight on the coasts' of old S- trope in order to introduce the " notions" of New World wizards to the t' ' bllit of fashionable persons in : igfi ,: stitleation, and secularist men of' eience who having repudiated re g, . 'ix cia turally orave for superstitution. o: r a' considerable period of time at S g: .uýji r inteftals the American epiritna. SscJ1t W . ?isited Vienna, and so surpris. ing were his manifestations, so complete lidfatiiliarity with the unseen world, so easy the terms of acquaintance on tthih. he.stood with the departed of all bonditions of life and of all Ages of history, that not a few beliet'ed in his miracles, and.a still larger number paid for admission to his extraordinary per. formances, A. member of the local aristocrecy, Baron Hellenbach, became ian entire convert to the representations f: tib Transatlantio worker of wonderei an- .?Wias thti means of founding a sort of spiritualist scongregation .in the, good 'eiatf Vieuna. A certain dim religious obsourity was always necessary to the production of the.manifestations. This is A usupl concomitant, of the proceed. _g. The spirits appear to beuniformly S. eak-sighted, and refuse to make them selves visible in a distressing glare. In ,ther respects the ceremony was im. posing. Styrehcd in asmesmerio trance in another room-.the medium lay un ' tiveld and unmoveable.: Meantime there appeared. in the midst of the ring of spectators- in -the next chamber a 'ghostly form wearing gossomer robes and wolking on silent feet.: Emboidened:by success, or, unable to avoid the ordeil of the hfighest audiences Mr. Bastian hiad'lii'honour of holding s iiaigncc before the Archduke Rudolph. .Hi Rloyal and Imperial Highness 'tbok t*he precaution to makecertain inqu?ries, d learne'd that the ddor between the eiitranced .medium and the room in whlch'the tianifestations joccurred was a w sys removed and .a heavy cur'a'n substitited. O'her people seem to have at once admitted that the spirit world may quite innocently have its prefer once in the matter of hangings and furnitur as well as in the matter of lowered l?mps and darkened windows. ·Arch'lukel?was loss unsuspicious. The Archduke John of Tuscany became the ready accomplice of the Prince. It was arranged that the mystic meeting should take place in his palace. Two" rooms communicating by the usual doorway were shown to Mfr. Bastian, and accepted as just the thing for the ghostly phenomena. The day came for the performance of the wonder All Vienna was in commotion. The spirit world may be astumed to have been similarly agitaaed. Though not unae oustomed to royal and imperial .person ages in the shades it is to be supposed that it is. not every day that even ghosts :of high antiquity and unblemished d?e?ent can pique themselves upon the privilege of being presented in courtly ciroles upon.earth. And what an op. portunity was now presented to the legitimate ambition of the boldest pro. pagandists from the spirit land. The conversion of the heir of the Hapsburg might well entertain the conversion of his august parents and his numerous and illustriods connexions. Austria Hungav is above tall things a loyal region, w ho; coul? doubt-not cer tainly a far- seeing spirit-that the con tagion of so imnminent an example would spread through Viennese society? From the Hofburg the current conver pion would circulate in the Ringstrasse. Pesth would not be backward in emulat. ing the imperiat zeal of Austrian capital. The magnates .whose ancestors had rushed tv glory or the grave for their monarch iaria Therdsa might be. ex pected to adopt table-t?hining and mys. tie wrapping in a kindred mood of duti ful fervour. The fashion of lowered lamps would spread from the Iron Gates to the borders of Saony. Floating fiddles and armless hands would wander among the teacups and above the lager beer, along he stream of the Danube and in the saloo~1mf the Prater. And all this was to be accomplished by a simple son of the free republic beyond the Atlantic, by one of nature's untutored children, who had perhaps heard the dread secret whispered to him by the medicine man of some vanishing tribe of Mohicans or Susquahobas in lands never polluted by the effete courtiers and crumbling thrones.of a played-out Old Continent, Wheni Mr. BaGtin, the Yankee child of mystery, settled himself down to his mesmeric sleep, there was a distin guished company assembled in the outer room. Along with the Crown Prince there were the Archduke John of Tuascdny, the .Archduke Regnier, Prin o Batthyani, GeneralMensenghin, of course Baron Hallenbach, who had come to see the triumph of his prophet, and a select circle besides. It is pos sible most of the spectators were spell. .bunddby the solemnity of the- scene, by the muffled lights, by the silent-room, by the doorway with its heavy drapery, and above all by the consciousness of the great magician sunk in mystic slumber in the room beyond. Itis pos. sible also that some gentlemen to whom the Arohduke had communicated the secret of certain precautions watched with redoubled vigilance in order to pre. vent the remotest chance of deception being successful, supposing that, after all, the American child of nature was capable- of deceit. During the hours which had elapsed since the prophet undertook to produce his mani festations in .the Archduke "John's palace4 certain changes had been eflected whilch, without being evident on the surface, had cruelly altered the real character of the intervening doorway for the unsuspecting visitors from another life. The door had been removed, as Mr. Bastian required. The heavy qur tain hung.down in its place, as Mfr. Bas tian required. But in addition a sliding screen of sufficitnt substantiality had been arranged to fall on the touch of a spring and completely close the door. way to all mortal ingresb or egress. Of course, an. impalpable spirit could not be stopped by such' a material contri. vance, and, besides, the slipping pannel was not. to work -until the spirit had fairly begun business. Expectation was on tiptoe. The magician was slumber. ing profoundly. The guests strained their eyes through the gloom. There 'of a certainty was the spiiit. Clothed in waving robes, moving on noiseless footfalls, the mysterious shape passed before the witnesses. Archduke Ru dolplh's hand touched the spring. Something creaked. The spirit made for the floating curtain in. the dporway, but stumbled against a solid bbstacle, The gifted Mr. Bastian had come in from his mesmeric slumbers,' and, attired in a volumninouo robe over his evening suit and shoeless feet, stood re, vealed to the laughing circle, The American child of nature has failed to overcome the Old WorlJ projudiedo of the Austrian Empire, 