LONDON LANDMARKS. No. I. "Cursedbe he who removes the old landmarks." This solemn warning, given in ancient days by the great Hebrew legislator, was necessarily of vast importance, as mapmaking and surveying jwcre then unknown arte. Nothing but the stone he had set up divided one man's province from another, and marked the scene of some great event, a well-spring of water, or a birthright. This was all, together with the stars of heaven, which they had to guide them. The changes of time, the destructions of improvement, and the necessities inevitably brought by :':i<juerri ci^tisattoo are rapidly remodelling London, and with every passing year a landmark is lost. Soon the bir^"^068 an(i tombs of gieat men, the battle-fields o( o!* 1 factions, and the thousand and one places which form the greatest charm of London will be totally effaced. Sentiment cannot stand in the way of an ever-increasing population. "To many people London is—London. They see it as it is now, and have a vague indistinot idea, that thus it has always been the greatest city in the world." It is almost impossible to realize that what is now known as London with its acres of acres of grand buildings and terraces, vast palaces and cathedrals, traffic so immense that to facilitate it roads are burrowed underground, and subterranean railways honeycomb it, and flying bridges aie thrown over its main thoroughfares, was once a little vVelsh village. It is difficult to accept this fact, looking now npon its many wonders, vast tribjutary fleets, beautiful Parks, quiet squares, making patches of vivid green amongst their smoky surroundings; and above all, its population of over three million souls, hurrying and jostling each other in the crowded streets. High born and low, rich andpoor, constantly introducing new customs, new manners, diseases, follies, and amusements. Yet once all that made London was comprised in a few hats clustered round Ludgate Hill, crowned on the top by its fort or dun. King Lud, from whom the FTill was named, is traditionally supposed to have raised it sixty-five years before the birth of Christ. In the time of Queen Elizabeth there were six gates running along the wall, and opening into Ludgate-street, Paul's-allev, Canon-alley, Washing-street, Cheapside, arid Paul's r Chain. The one opening into Ludgate-street was adorned by effigies of King Lud and his sons, and a statue of Elizabeth stood in the nicbe at the western side. At the Great Fire the gate was destroyed, but the statue was preserved. A prison set apart for free men and persons in Orders, stood close to this gate in the days of Richard II. It is said that the prisoners were obliged to buy everything bat water, and many of them were starved. It was no uncommon thing for a passer-by to be solicited for alms by some unhappy man behind the barred windows. From the Btones of this building Newgate arose. It was rebuilt after the Great Fire by Wren, and after the Gordon riots by George Dance, R.A. Since then the whole of the interior has been remodelled, nothing remaining of Dance's work but the gloomy solid walls. Formerly the prisoners were huddled together, and frightful diseases arose, the principal one being_known as "gaol distemper." Tortures were inflicted, the custom of pressing to death continuing until 1734. Every one is familiar with the atrocities committed during the Gordon Riots. How the gutters were rivers of blazing spirits and blood 1 How the rioters burnt down the prison and Bet the prisoners free! The great bell of St. Giles tolled solemnly as prisoners were taken from Newgate to Tybiirn, where the condemned was hanged on a beam placed above the cart. Bunches of rosemary and rue were sprinkled round them; the Courts wherein they were tried were strewn with aromatic herbs, and bonquetis were also placed before the Judges. Mint and thyme, rosemary and rue. " Kue is ' for ' remembrance.' " ." Thi lis custom was thought to purify the atmosphere, which, through defective ventilation, was often noisome. Close to Newgate street stood the Church of 6t. Michael, which was built in the reign of Edward the Second. At the east end of the building stood the old Cross, which was destroyed by the Great Fire, and at the north-west corner of the Cathedral stood the Bishop's Palace, or Town Inn. After the splendid tournament at Smithfield, where, Philip de Comines tells us, "the Burgadean knights were mightily overthrown, Edward the Third and his Queen were royally entertained in the Palace. Edward the Fifth lodged there, we are told, before his coronation. This palace was destroyed in the middle of the seventeenth century, as was also the parish church of St. Gregory, which stood where Queen Anne's statue now is—at the north-west end of the Cathedral The cross, which is so famed, was used for proclamations, public and ecclesiastical ceremonies, and oftentimes civil. A pulpit was attached to it, which was surmounted by a cross, covered with lead and approached by a flight of steps. Every Sunday morning a celebrated divine preached from" this pulpit, the congregation sitting in the open air, or in bad weather in the shrowds, which Strype tells us was a covered enclosure by the side of the Cathedral. Dean Milman said—" As preaching became more and more popular, and began more and more to rule the public mind, the cross became not only the pulpit of the Cathedral, but that of the Church of England." There it was that preachers displayed their powers of "oratory, and here it was that many Ecenes were enacted. The ill-fated Jane Shore, unhappy enough to please a monarch, did public penance here; Dr. Ridley publicly branded the sisters Mary and Elizabeth as bastards; Elizabeth, in her royal coach, listened to the sermon of Dr. Pierce, Bishop of Salisbury. Stormy scenes were witnessed here, famous among them the. thundering denunciation of Bishop Stobely and his imperative order to cast Tyndall's Testament into the flames. On this side, when excavations were being made prior to the erection of a new Cathedral, the remains of a Roman cemegraves were the burial-places of the Saxon times. They lined their graves with chalk stones, though some had coffins ot solid stone. Below these were British graves, where were found ivory and boxwood pins, about six inches long, in great abundance. The bodies were wrapped and pinned in woollen shrouds, which soon decayed. This was at a depth of eighteen feet, and belonged to the colony when Romans and Britcns lived together. The most remarkable urns, lamps, lachrymatories, and sacrificial vessels were found deep in ths ground towards the north-east corner of Cheapside.- They were in general of admirable workmanship. A veEsel like a basin, whereon was depicted Charon with his oar receiving a naked ghost, with the inscription ' Pater Gzo.'" Fancy a graveyard in the heart of London in which lie literally layers of Britons, Saxons, and Normans, or rather their bones and dust. Could there be a better commentary on the text "Vanity, vanity, all is vanity!" Perhaps_, by-and-by, in centuries to come, some antiquarian prowling amongst graves may gloat over relics of Queen victoria's age. In the crvpt of the vast Cathedral those heroes, Wellington and Nelson, lie buried, and ;it is full of the monuments and statues of great men. Hero worshippers spend many an hour in the dim mysterious light of this place, resting - place. . . . In the olden times the churchyard was surrounded by celebrated coffee • houses, and a lot of booksellers' shops fronted it, known as Paternoster-row, probably from the circumstance that at first very few books beyond; Paternosters and other Church services were sold there. This street was afterwards taken up by mercers, and was the fashionable shopping place of the nobility, the upper end of it being still retained by booksellers. Amongst them the well-known firm of Longman, Hurst. Green, Orme, and Brown, the first publishers of Sir Walter Scott's works. It is stated on good authority that this firm paid Sir Walter, in less than fifteen years, a sum of £20,000 ; whilst they gave Moore 3,000 guineas for the copyright of " Lalla Kookh." The most celebrated coffee houses in this quarter were the "Chapter," built in the reign of William IH., and which has only been closed within comparatively late years. The rooms, lit by small, thick-glassed windowSj were low and dark, but possessed a certain air of comfort. It was chiefly frequented by the booksellers and professional men. An old chronicler tells us that for the sum of fivepence an excellent cup ol coffee could be procured, the waiter always expecting and always receiving a penny. Tenpence was charged for "four delicate ham sandwiches and a glass of sherry," the two- S ence anded out to the of the waiter. shilling The being same generally sum was charged for " a pot of excellent tea, six thin slices of bread and butter, or toasted muffins." Near the Cathedral also was the Queen's Arms, where Garrick usually met and conversed with his colleagues on theatrical affairs. _ Here also Dr. Johnson started a Club, making the condition that " patriots should be excluded," which exception was, no doubt, a sly thrust at Wilkes. Here, also, Goldsmith and Chatterton often came. Iu fact the Queen's Arms may be described as the principal resort of all the leading men of genius in London. An old house famed as the abode of Chatterton, situated in Biookestreet, Holborn, has lately been destroyed ; as aleo the houEe in Fox-court leading oat of Gray's Inn-lane into Brooke-street, where Savage waB bom. Next perhaps in importance as a coffeehouse comes " Dolly's, where George Fordyce, the great epicurean doctor of the eighteenth century, dined daily for twenty years, taking with his dinner " a tankard of strong ale, a quarter of a pint of brandy, and a bottle of port." That these potations did not anect him much is proved by the fact that he received and taught his pupils after dining at " Dolly's." Addison in one of his Sjjeclators says that a gentleman whom he knew, and whose annual income was only £40, managed to eke it out and live very well by almost living in these coffee-houses, where he was always cordially received by reason of bis never fafrr^ the ?*WCtcd 4 ptnny to the waltcP. " The cofiee- houses in * hig neighbourhood were too numerous to mention in detail. There were the Mitre, St. Paul's, and <nany others, all famed in their several ways. Near Ludgate Hill, St. Martin's Church, one of Sir Christopher Wren's greatest masterpieces, rears its huge tower and spire in calm serenity amidst the roar of traffic that surrounds it. Between the street and the body of the church is an ambulatory, which almost deadens the mighty pulse of London. Could old King Lud but hear it throbbing in its great vitality ! Entering the church the eye is at once caught by the beautifully-carved roof, supported on four massive Corinthian pillars. The gallery, which runs round the northern side and terminates at the organ loft is also carved superbly. The beautiful font, has a Greek inscription on it, and in the vestry is a very ancient carved bench. Emerging from this sanctuary into the glare and nare of noon-day ! into the deafening uproar of traffic, the extent of which may be judged from Timb's assertion in liis " Curiosities of London":—" Through Ludgate-hill and street there have passed in twelve hours 8,752 vehicles, 13,025 horses, and 105,352 persons." Probably it was on the summit of this hill that Haydon and Fuseli stood watching the sublime canopy that shrouds the city of the world; and as for a brief space the cloud of brown smoke rolled away, disclosing St. Paul's and all the mighty buildings, the streets teeming with life, Fuseli exclaimed—" By George, Sir, it's like the smoke of the Israelites making bricks for the Egyptians!" to which Haydon responded—" It is grander, Fuseli! for it is the smoke of a people who would have made the Egyptians make bricks far them." No. IL In exploring London one comes occasionally upon strange old inns, which have corridors running round the outer ends This is accounted for by the fact that in the early days of the drama many stage pieces were performed in the yards of these inns, frequented principally by carriers. The comedians erected a stage in the centre of the yard, and it is worthy of note that the form of these temporary playhouses seems to have been preserved in the modern theatre. The galleries are ranged in the same manner over each other, on three sides of the building; the yard bears a resemblance to our pit; and the second tier or rooms, as they were called then, to our boxes. The arrangement could only have answered in fine weather, but sunshine provided it certainly must have been far from incommodious. Any one who has a love for the good old times cannot fail to be delighted when he' chances to ccme across an inn answering to this description. Such a one was La Belle Sauvage, which formerly stood at the upper end of Ludgate-street. Dickens has rendered it famous in liis works of fiction, and it is not so very long ago that heavy lumbering coaches, driven by ponderous coachmen and adorned by scarlet-coated postillions, started from the yard of this inn to the 60und of a horn. "La Belle Sauvage," or as it was then called, "The Bell Savage," was an inn of very; old standing. The name was supposed" to have several origins. Stone, for instance, derives it from the fact that Isabella Savage' had made over the house to the Company of Cutlers. According to old - time customs there was no name over the door; but a huge Bign, having a savage standing beside a laree bell depicted on it, swung and creaked above it. Addison's definition seems to be the true one. In a passage occurring in the Spectator he says :— As for the Bell Savage, which is the sign of a savage man standing by a bell, I was formerly very much puzzled upon the conceit of it, till I accidentally fell into the reading of an old romance translated out of the French, which gives an account of a very beautiful woman, who was in a wilderness, and is called in the French ' La Belle Sauvage,' and is everywbere translated by our countrymen, ' The Bell Savage !'" This is the most probable origin of the name undoubtedly, as the players who performed in the yard of the inn were greatly addicted to the playing of old romances, and signpainters, varying their hieroglyphics to the whim of mine host, had depicted La Belle Sauvage as " The Bell Savage" or " The Bell and Savage." An old bench or seat without a back support stood opposite the hostel, and it was on this that Sir Thomas Wyatt, son of the poet, who had loved the Earl of Surrey, threw himself in a fit of chagrin and disappointment at finding Ludgate Gate shut against him, thus putting an end to the insurrection. The famed Tarleton often performed in the yard of " The Bell Savage," and the popularity of this place as an outdoor theatre was unimpaired, as thp new playhouse close to the monastry of Blackfriars, which was called "private,'' but which was nevertheless open to the public, was frequented more by the nobility ; and as it was roofed in its performances generally took place by candlelight. In this little theatre the lords and ladies of Elizabeth aud and JameB's Court listened with delight to Shakepeare's, Johnson's, Beaumont's, and Fletcher's plays, It was said to have been partly owned by Shakspeare, and probably that great man often honoured the building by his presence. Reverting once more to Ludgate-street we find that the corner shop, No. 05, was once inhabited by John Newberry, known as " Old Newberry." It was to this man that Goldsmith wrote and dedicated a History of England," and " Goody Two Shoes." Next door to this shop was the " Dunciad, or Society for the Diffusion of Knowledge." It was here that what is deemed the first of our critical journals—the Monthly Review—was first published by D. Griffith. In the diffusion of knowledge by this Society it is probably meant that their publications carried wisdom far and wide. Roman remains have been found close to Ludgate Gate. A barbican or watchtower was dug up in 1792, which was dated 1276, and is supposed to have formed part of the Ancient London Wall. A sepulchral monument was aleo discovered near this spot in 1S00. ' It was dedicated by a Roman soldier to his wife Claudina Martina. In the London Coffee-House are still to be seen fragments of a statue of Hercules and the head of a female, which were found near the Monument. On Ludgate Hill stood a funny little shop, like its owner the cobbler, long since gone. In a " Tatler" Steele mentions this man as a curious instance of pomposity and vanity, recording that in his shop Btood an excellently-made wooden figure of a beau, who, standing before the cobbler in a humble posture, servilely presented him with an awl, or whatever tool his supposed master put in his band. Snubbed, probably by reason of his disposition, by his superiors in rank, this man thus took pleasure in reducing them in effigy to servitude. Tne Monastery of Blackfriars, an order of Dominicans, stood between Ludgate Hill and the Thames. History tells us that Charles V. was lodged in it in 1522 when he visited Heniy YH1.; and the cause between Henry and his queen, Catherine, was tried in the hall of it seven years later. The place became afterwards the resort of the world of fashion and the scene of gaiety. The little theatre we have mentioned stood close to it, and adjoining this building was a square, where the " King's Printing House" formerly tood. In the same spot at this day are. the offices of the Times newspaDer, which might aptly be termed the " World's Printing House," seeing that it sends forth millions of newspapers, which are full of interest to everyone in every quarter of the globe. To outward appearance, merely a huge, grim, dark-looking building, from which the subdued noise of the machinery worked by that mighty giant steam emerges audible, when passing, even amidst the roar of London traffic. Within, according to Maitland, and even to the most casual observer, it is "the completest printing house in the world." Opposite, or nearly so, on the other side of the way, in Bridge-street, is an ancient building almost hidden by the houses which have sprung up around it. It was pointed out as the ancient palace of Henry VIIL ; the " sturdy rogue" often, as did other kings, residing here. It was also the former palace of Bridewell; bnt is now a desolate- looking enormous edifice, used as a house of industry and correction. It was granted by Ed ward VI for this purpose. A portrait of this king formerly hung in the old chapel, under wh ich were printed the following lines :— " This Edward of fair memory the Si.\ 1, In whom with greatness eoodntss was commixt, Gave this Bridewell, a palace in old t'ines. For a chastising houte of vagrant crim es." It is recorded that Bishop Ridley prcached so powerful a sermon at Westminster, at the new king, exhorting the powerful and rich to "be merciful to the poor and tra •nil", by some charitable way ana means to comfort and relieve them," as to appeal to Edward's best feelings ; so much eo, that'sehd^g forthe Bishop the next day he caused nun V® Stow tells us) to enter into hm presence, there being two others present, and graciously telling him to be seated, took councilOTTOm how he could " best help the poor." - finally Richard Dobbs, should „,, several meetings, at which two Aldermen and six Commoners assisted, they agreed UIM help should be given to nine sorts of pom people-"The fatherless poor mans child, the aged, blind, and lame, all such as were diseased by dropsy, leprosy, &c.;, decayed householders, and wounded soldiers, ana lastly, " for the thriftless poor (that ia to say the riotous that consumeth all, the vagabond that will abide in no place), the idle persons (as strumpets, and others). 1 ' It was for this latter class that Bridewell was fonnaea— Greyfriars, or Christ's Hospital, better known- 5S BlOCWat School, for the first and the Hospitals of St, Thomas and Sfc Bartholomew for the second. This is how it came to pass that the ancient palace of Bridewell, once the glittering abode of monarchs, became ene gloomy stern building where the idle aw forced to work, and the dlarepntable brought into due bounds of decor"" 1 -. When Charles the Fifth lodged at Blackfriars a galleiy waa thrown across the Fleet Ditch, carried across or through the old city wall as a raeaas or communication between that place and Bridewell, the latter being occupied by the King s attendants. It was here also that both Henry and Catherine lodged while the causa between them was going on at Blackfriars. Looking at the gloomy building, when one krows the fullest rigour of the law is earned out, and within its walls ^thousands ' minaEP—for what "but criminals sire the ldle and disreputable?—are compelled to labour, fancy carries ns back to those times when, the residence of-monarchs, it was filled witb regal splendour. Bridewell was almost burnt down daring the Great Fire, but waa rebuilt immediately afterwards, since when it has been frequently repaired and renovated. Part of the revenues of St. John's Hospital, which was founded in the Old Savoy Palace, on the banks of the Thames, was transferred to it in the reign of Edward the Sixth, amounting to about three hundred pounds. The Savoy Palace, the residence of nobility, enjoyed one hundred and- forty years ot almost regal splendour ; sank into comparative insignificance and poverty; was sacked and burnt. Henry the Seventh founded a hospital on the old site, which was dedicated to St. John the Baptist, and was intended to shelter one hundred poor almsmen, but which eventually became the resort of vagar bonds aid loiterers, until Queen Elizabeth deprived the Master of his office, and effected a certain reformation. It was finally suppressed in the reign of Queen Anne, and nsed as a deserted prison and barracks for soldiers; becoming afterwards an illegal sanctuary for fraudulent debtors. There were also churches and chapels established amongst the precinctB where clandestine marriages were performed, nor was secrecy observed, in tne matter. Long ago a bright little river named The Fleet, and which 'was navigably ran at the bottom of Ludgate Hill. Little barges laden with coal landed their freight at a place adjoining Fleet Market and known as Seacoal lane. • _ As time wore on and traffic increased the water got foul_ and turbid: gradually it clogged and narrowed, andlie channel was built over and made a street. The ditch, however, was opened from Fleet Market to the Savoy, which now became known as the Fleet Prison.. ToutB were employed by the degraded clergymen who lived therein to perambulate before the door of this place, bawling at the top of"their voices invitations to " walk 1 in and be married." The able novel" The Chaplain of • the Fleet" has given the world" an excellent idea of the practices that tve're-oamed en within the precincts, and most of the statements made in the book are literally true. We read that advertisements were inserted in the papers of the day setting forth the advantages of these marriages. The Public Advertiser of 1754 contains the following:— "By authority, marriages performed with the utmost privacy, secrecy, and regularity, at the ancient Royal Chapel of St. John the Baptist in the Savoy, where regular and authentic Tegisters "have bee'n~kept from the time of the Reformation (being two hundred' years and upwards to this day). The expense not more than one guinea, the five- shilling stamp included. There'are five private ways by land to this Chapel and two by water." Pennant, writing on the subject, says—" A dirty fellow invited you in. The parson was seen walking before his shop. A dirty profligate figure,-clad in-a tatteredplaid nightgown, with a fienr face, and ready to couple you for a dram of^ih or roll of tobacco. Our great Chancellor (Lord Hardwicke) put these demons to flight, and saved thousands from the misery and disgrace which would be entailed by' these extemporary thought!ess unions." At length the prison was removed and all traces effaced, save a portion' of the wall of that which had been a standing disgrace to a civilized community. 