MULTUM IN PARVO. The monument of Ga[?]bald[?] that is to be set up in Turin represents the General stand ing on the summit of a rock in Ciprera, his eyes directed towards distant Italy. On the pedeiUl stands a female dgaco, Wien a star pa her "foreboad, and a majestic lion—the latter being a symbol of Garibaldi's strength. . Fire bandits whooommitted murders at Tombstone,-Arizona, bare been .banged to gether io the'pretence of a largo crowd. A gallery was built overlooking 'he gaolyard, to which ■ aa - admission fee was .. charged, lee crowd, howerer, destroyed the Bn ? aiven persona were injured iatbenelee. ■ _. : L Tt is especially interesting tp.find tbat Pro ■ feasor -Williams 1 ' hinr to the conclusion that, although the Hindoos are. fully acquainted; with the conception of hell—, indeed, they count no less . than 21 _distmct. and separate hells—eternity of punishment is no part of their faith. These hells are merely temporary purgatories'for.the purification of those who have led wicked lives.‘i-. - . . Lord Lorbb has received at Inverary Castle, from Canada, half a million eggs of the white fish • indigenous ■ to the' great ;.Canadtau _ lakes. The intention is to...try ,: the. introduction of these fish into the British lakes, this, being > the first experiment of the kind. . ■ 'M. Dii mas' recommends- water; saturated with alum for its value beins supposed' to bis du9' coating it gives to objects: wet with it, which prevent contact with- the oxygen o£-the.air, and-Uma. diminishes* the rapii)uy.' l 4- ,t “ , ’l' o ?‘ The Miniater-ot the Interior -has recom mended that the firemen of the French to wns ■ bo snppliod'with facilities to use such of alum. . .■ ,• At the late -exammatioo of a- country 'grimmer school; V clergyman • said.that boys were often so excited when undergoing an ex amination as to spoil many good papers by the moat carious s blunders. Jj£or !oat*oce, ; a boy, after giving a very good' descrip'nn of the building of the ark, spoiled it by desorib ing Moses as the builder; anoth«r in answer ~ts7tfi(Tqueatidb7“^Suppbse'QueenVictoria had died in childhood, who would' have succeeded to the English throne?" wrote‘‘Her eldest " The Saltan has ordered an annual exhibi tion of domestic animals to be .-held.at Con-i ,«taniinople., first, exhibition- vrill be ■opehed r onTstAptiljlBBs.v. - Formerly women coaid not legally marry iintil they had spun si complete sot of bed fur niture; ;henco the term spinster, which is still in use, ' r Id Wales the ratio "of illegitimate 'births.is g-9 of the population, as compared with 11 counties of England, where illegitimacy ranges from 7-1 id Bedfordshire to 12'0 in Comber, land. . Again, in prostitntes are in the proportion of one to- evbry.'364 women, while in Wales, the proportion is one to every 1548 wodieo. ■ Tho Great Western Railway Company have given notice that they will not receive any packages on tho cloak-rooms of ,their stations unless they have the right-to open and examine them, either at the timei ofaTß ceptiunoc at their convenience, and to remove from them anything deemed likely to endanger tho servants or passengers on the line. The excavationa in Tonis undertaken by M. Beinach for tho French Government have yielded interesting results. At El Kantara 15 lifesissa-coloured .marble, atatues of tha. third century A.D-bave baoii recovered; atE.ibelon a a umber ofc. inscriptions,three''Statues-of Roman magiatraies.anda fine head of ** voil en pontife;" and at Zion: a fdrnm rounded'by large porticoes,:. _ i \- - ;A now . examination:.; commifctos'.. has . been 'formed for,cutting a-canal between thp.oeeau and tho Mediterranean. This piojsot, hw come op at various times, and would prsctipally do away with the long, add, according to the song, " rough passage,” .through the' Bay of BLoiy, would dopiiva 'Gibraltar : d£ its impor tance, add would . open Up a :dew route for the fMediterranaan; Tho gieat' objection to this canal, whidVwddld tunfrom near Bordeaux to tiarbodne, would be the large number of locks required.' . Of the Hindoo hells one is a place of terrific darkness; another consiata.of 'heated caldrons (tapta-kdmbha); another of red-hot iron (tapt«- loiu);, another .contains pits of red-hot char coal; another of •BroddpSßWßr’ris si' denta : forest whose leaves aresharp swords; another; is a hell of pincers (Sandansa); another is a sea of fcalid mud; another is a plain: paved with spikes. '. It is said tbat railway oars drawn by camels will shoitly constitute one of tha peculiar tea rates of travel and transportation, in Central Asia, It is proposed by the Russian Govern-: meat to lay a line of rails from Khiva, which is south of the Sea of Aral, in Turkestan, to: Tashkent, a place of 40,000- inhabilantai nearly 600 miles further east- The road is to .be built dd the Blecher system—a kind: of. raised railway testing 'on peculiarly-placed sleepers—and follow the course now taken by caravans. Mr G.'C. Schwahe, late of Liverpool and Henley-ou Thames, has given the whole of bis magnificent collection of pictures to the City of Hamburg, with £lO,OOO for the formation of a gallery in which to place them. At Boston (U.S.) nearly £1,000.000 has been spent on the construction of sewers for the conveyance of tha city's sewage to Moen Island, in order that it may flow into deep tide water, and oo any pollution in the vicinity of the city be avoided. Signor Raggi has been entrusted by the Colonial Government of Houg Kong with the execution of the colossal statue In bronze of their late Governor-General, Sir Arthur Ken nedy, which is to be erected on a granite pedestal in the Public Gardens of Hong Kong. ' _ Leather wheels are stated to be made in France for railroad and other cars. Reindeer horns are brought from Lapland and Siberia to England for use by cutlers in large quantities. The largest stag boros come from the East Indies and Chios. Many speci mens of the antlers are so noble and beautiful that it causes a pang to see them given to the saw of the cotter, and more so because they are becoming annually more scarcer The best are now selling for £l2O per ton. Time was when they could be bought for £lO to £2O. The St. Petersburg Gazette states that;no little commotion was -lately occasioned ’ in some of tha southern portions of Finland, by a report that large quantities of grey and brown worms were being' found in the fields and meadows, and especially on knolls slightly raised above the surrounding enow and ice. This was the. case especially in the Pukis, Peinar, and Kimito, and it was .stud that the masses of worms - were so great that the peasants collected them into heaps and burnt them. Fifty-five thousand photographs of Colonel Sud Skin’s murderer have! been circulated throughout r Russia.A reward of 10,000 roubles, is offered for bis capture, and 5000 roubles for information to bis arrest. ‘ A communication to the Faria Academy of Science shows, from some experiments made -on. dogs, that moderate quantities of coffee always increase ths process of nutrition .and the respiratory ■ movements. Doses too large produce retardation, bf tha_ heart and diminui tion of the n-itri'ivo'process. Artificialegge are beginning to be be quite welt known iQihemarketfiu same portions of the country, .but .'now it seems that artificial., oysters are the latest thinga in deceptions, and numbers' of. V*manufactured /.jbi-valvea" are eaid .to be passed off on the' ' Paris public. Hitherto, although the oyster, itself could be. weU imitated, it bad been found impossible to make tho substance adhere to the shell tike 'nature, batan ' ingenious personage’basin vented a..glue yihich overcomes alt each difficulty. . The'exactbdmpoßition of the imi tation is not stated, but copper is a promi nent ingredient. | A remarkable dream is told by the Cleve land Leader . When.. Captain Pat. Smith ' was building a bridge' near Scranton, Fa,, one pt his labourer* waa killed. Having worked only, bnejday, ndbnelmVwta'y thin jf-abpnt' him- Several day* later Michael Flanagan,- another labourer, got up' in tbs morning and eaid that daring the night the 5 ghost of the dead mao bad. appeared to him and- givsn his name as JphnrHonneasßj aud.bii.ießidsDOs, ua certain housain ClevclandiTba storywhs discredited; but Flanagan'attack" to it, and wrote to Mr Hannewy. ;o Tp'theßqrpiise v of - eU.his friend*. Flanagan got' a reply. Mrs Hennessey , had bean anxiously ; waiting to hear/rom her hue a thouund feed inspections in Qlase gow laat year raeultsd in the destruction of aß,°q0 ii lbj o)! j fiib,.B.o.o ( Ub o f; pptk. MO.lb pf bisfi-ind other'codsiderablequaotittesbf Among th%bett|r^plua.of,bonus, 263 drains bad barn inapeotedran'd only 7 of them found to bi in sood oidtv* - Baron RcthioUld recently-gave a dinner .party of 16 COOMB,: each courts' representing some country or natino by tho.fo and or'dish aatred. The oyateis note from Frsnre, the soap Russian,- 6sh from Norway;, beef from England, gsme.frotn Scotland, audio on to { the and at the epicurean chapter. -..•••■ ,t; i Dr HirmaonKerrsaya that tha arinnal I mortality from intemperance in Great Britain I is 40 800, . The maqhinesfor.making carpal-tacks are ran at tha rate of about 250 revolutions par minute. ;Ths ehoNn'ail machine*,’ for' cutting , headleasehoe- naili.arerunntaboat 500 reve lations per minute, and out.(tom three to five rail* at each revolution, j : W.\Pallow»; after expert mentirg fortwo yoars.olniinß to havesoo-.- ceededininvontiog away.tqtake instantaneous and. absolutely upon; anything having a smobthsiirlace by the action, of :electricity. _ .The ■ expense• is leas than one oentvfor each tpiotare'.iilf lall that is bore mil revolu- Wolgemuth, the conductor of the Austrian po'ay expedition, has .told; samp of the letults of hiiyrorkat?a : the Vi-tmr Geographical Society.l He .ebteryed 124 an 'roraa.' aboat.lO ot 'which Were. Icoown-.h-pt-fl. 'among’lhel.pld:laTa«treatnaand;in-thecravioia '6l tfie oid jind numerouscratyrioftnhe Island ed Jah'iayen he; di?oovqrM- trace»'-o£ a still progrersiye volcanic set! viry,, and three times observed! well*marked subterranean'shocks. ..Tha not .of gallantry ae-Tub - - for which Cap ,t iln Wilson, R N .of HM-S-i-Hecla, has-.been, brought to' notice, iit descnbeil Redyers Boiler he one or 'tiiaVmoitycoqfjgeona he'has evervritnessed, Tbern.,w9B.ya-i..gßp in . tha square, and five-or.eii of .-th.e..eoamyiseeing it, rnshed ;the to tneet them nlone, ami hia..aword in 'hisVffdrl-toontono ofyhemv&wni;'.Wouldinot’ retire a step, but hold' hia them down with bis Bets. Either by a miracle or the . surprising; nature of his attack/ho escaped-with a few- wounds, and the square, olotingap.resoaed'him. General- Gordon, the oommander-of the English forces in Egypt, thus expresses. bis views as. to a future life:—"l think this life is only one of the series at lives, which our incarnated-part has lived; I have little doubt .of- our having pre-existed; and that, also, in’ 'the time of onr pra-eiistenoewe were actively employed.'? So, therefore,Tl’ believe in tint active employment-in a future life; and like I the thought. We ■ball, I think, be far more perfect .in a future life, and indeed, go on towards perfection, but never attain it." :Professsor Leona Levi states that in Eng land the annual wages of operatives,, domestic servants, and others may be estimated at £458,000.000. ' 