BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO .1 ... CHRISTIANITY. - . - i. At the last meeting held in February, by tho Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adolphi .Terrace,, London, a .paper iwao road by tho Bev. E. C. Collins. M.A., on Buddhism ill relation to 1 Christianity. ' Ed- ... rerring to tno parouelB betweon tbe porsonB itnd characters of Bdddhu'uiid Jesus Christ, ho Baid i— "Take.ns'a pfoininpnt instance, tho birth stories,' Inend pot hero give detaite. which'-aro - to -bo found in- any modeiW_>q'rk on .Buddhism |_ - Tho enp-i poiedlmifiinnloua coqceptjpn ; tliobrlbgingi down of Buddha from tho Tusita heaven ; the Brevas-aCkno'wledi;ing':hls 'supremacy ; tho presentation, jn, the.TompJo, when the imagos of In'dra. and othor .gods' threw themeelvcs at Ids' filet- f t.biy temptation' by Mora— which legends are: embellished by the modern writor I liavo already quoted, under euoh phases as "Conceived by tho Holy Ghost." "Born' of tho Virgin MAya," " Song of tho Heavenly Host," Presenta- . tion in tho Templo and temptation in tho wilderness " — none bf thC'se is found ia tho curly . Pali, textii.. The . simple, Rfcory, ,;of ancient' Buddhism is tliat an asoetio, whoso family name— was- Gautama; preached a' now dootrino of human suffering, and a now way .of deliverance from it. There is no thought in . the early. Buddhism, of whioh .wo road id tho Pall texts, of de liverance at tho hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Bnddha stands alone in his striving after tho true emancipation from oorrow and ignorance. Tho aooounts, of liio descending from - heavon, and being conceived in tbo .world bf . mon, when a preternatural light shone: ovor tho worlds, tho blind received eight, tho dumb sang, tho., lamp , danced; tin sick were oured,. together with all euoh embollishments, aro certainly addod by later hands; and if lioro wo recognise somo- rather romarltahlo likenesses 'iu" thought' or oxpressibn- tb- thiugs familiar to ub in our Bibles wo need not be astonished, when wo reflect how great1, innSt have, been '-tllo. influence, \es i have before hinted, -of tho -Christian era, and, psrhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; hat it is abundantly ovidont from, among other proofs, tho story of .thoigod tKrlebiia, .whioh is a manifest parody "of tho history of Christ. Tlia Bhayavat-Gitn, a thooso- phical poem put into.tlio mouth of KriBlina, is somothing 'unique among tho'- produc tions of tho East, containing many goms ' of what wo Bhould call Christian truth wrested,. from -their proper ootting, to uuuni luiu uruubiuu ui tuu - i>ruamaii pooc, and indicating as plainly their origin as do tho'Btories bf liis life in tho ilaha-Bharata ; so that it has not . unreasonably been con cluded that tho story of Krishna waB iu- oorted In .the Malia-llharala , to fuvhinli a divine.' sanotion to the Bliagiivat-Qiia. If, then, as tlioro is tho strongest reason to holiovo, tho Christian story, oomawhoro be tween tho first and tenth: cbnturies Of the Christian "era, forced itself into tho groat Hindu opio, and was at the foundation of tho most romarkahlo pooin that over, saw tho light in India, can ivo -lio sin-priced if wo find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in tho later Buddhist stories also?" SevoralHomonndColonialapplications to join tho InQtituto as guinea ouhsbrlbors were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific 'questions, (.-specially any said to. militatq against tho truth of the Biblo, a discussion onsucd in which, Mr. Hormuzd ' ICassam, Professor L'oitnor, from Lahoro, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of tho question during 25 yearn' ; residence iu .Coyloii, Profossor Ebyo Davids, aiid others took part, (ill agreeing in and oonflrming tho ntntemcnts of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr, Loitner brought, a largo number of photographs of oarly Indian and Tartar soulptnros, showing tho first introduction of tho,, Christian story into thosb monuments hotwoen about tliG second and tenth, centuries, audi ho pointed, out tho valuo of uuclr additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statemonts. 