SRetcber. Black Bess. Bv Mbs. M. Ii. "Eatnb. . Was it a dream ? We oertainly did not' tlunk so at the time, nor bare I, ir all the years that hare gone by eln'ae, had occasion t* change my mind abont it. Indeed, the conviction that it was nat a dream has groim with my growth and strengthened with my strength, and the prominence winch it assumes as a part of the events the past confirms and anatains that conviction., If not a dream, tehtd ititU it t There are certain psychological conditions in petple of abnormal temperament in which pheiio mena are recurrent and nnexplainahle. Tou may not be able to soe ghosts in disembodied|spirits with yonr natural sight, but, when the friend of years tells you with the most solemn. assereratitans that some one long fiojoe de&d; has appeared to him in bodily shape, iiiill you dare.to deny Ms word or e-flirin .that It pas a dalqsion ? .The eyes are wondeifol meditims of visloh, and the soul is 1 ail occult philosopher, and "Tbere are more things in Heaveii attd earth, -Horatio, Than txe dreamt «f in yonr phileeopliy/' The Seotch. people aie telievras in saooad sight. My mother -was a Iweal dweendant of the old 4ome Jlinis a'IltU»ifai»wln ofto ttAiight—with perhatti flight tinge ot dIM cattahdttoit—that it was lira llMfng tw ImHwot of fcor family, Boaeridk, AJ elBeat brethac. " Jffe iMi&»thll, fair-lmifeJ lad of 22, bnt fiksa wis aptiiaitiximt'.oia%k;'aid prfeSW till H died, fioieriek iHs iS Ttave 6fcn a minister, I3>, hut be always to' wMd's work^ fajst for Mm,and it was whehhs feSt workt in the baeincBS ranks, buying ana W1r -log and waking a dean htzpd rhoniiy to add W tSe eld estafs—well ioight w® .younger .ones,lie pfondof oar,iraw elder $roth«-j and torn .it was. oiotharMd herdreato 1 „ • - ' ^ {Bctwi⁢ aaieamf . (Onr tnotber was riot .a, dttAtbor, nor dii m iow th* bad ariy glft 61 secBiia sight. Often wfe, fcnia eit.afc-ot her to the "gJAmifig anB Beg her i tell is kit stories of fetclies and apptortnoesi ht she' never 'Sia, fleolirlng aD such foollBh' gossip as pemldooe to onr minds. So Bhe sting nfe heroic songs instead, or recited the vfiU»Sl deeds of hor ancestora oli the fieia of riodden, or ipia ns - Bible.stories that were like romances u die rtlsted them in her. «tem, deep voice and rt LI ... ! manding manner ttid pboog fieofch idioi». • Bnt ae'ofteri as we dared, one or another wonld' summon courage to eav in 'the half dialect we' nsed in the family: ".Mllher; tell ne what ye sa*' ihln fajrther deed." • • - • ! Then ter "eyes whnld glow like two Jiva coals ieep In her head, ana tor voice wonld sound at if it came irom some gm&t; distance, and she would say in that still, f oft .way that has something hashea and awfnlin It 1 [ " Ye'il ao-ramembor the day. But tb'flie it's a6 clear .as yestreen, I Waurliaing at home alone,for too, Allan, wa'ur a baby. It' warn- a Sabbath, ana your fayther jreachea asiie aye did at Ordoonill Kirk, and it winr not time for thetoi to be Sank jrhin I lookit out arid sawttrar father coom tip the hill: he warn -pale as death, an' I thoeht it (tanr his last eickneES, he lookit that ghostly Jvhite." ' i "An' thin, Blither 1." we wonld hurry her with, ks 6he stopped ana looked down, I " There's nothing more to tell," she. would say wearily. "It waur no yonr fayffier'at all; he died i' th* pulpit, a half hour afterward, wi"oat a jirord of warning. What I saw come up the walk and which never cams in' atth'e-door waur his jwnlth eonie to give me watnin'. How, children, rin awa', and vex me to mair." When ye younger ones spoke to. Roderick about jit he always csZd mother was overtirea and ,dreamed that, but wo had not settled it in onr own minds ,when what follows happened. BodeHok had been away for a week on some ; business of land selling he was engaged in, and we : were expecting him home on a Saturday night'in 'time for supper with the family. But he did fiat come, and we were all more disappointed than we cared to own. Mother did list say much, hut she looked worn and put Ont Rer nam was a .small bedroom off the living room, and she left a hot fire horning, for the night was cold and dreary, and she knew Roderick wonld be wet with the heavy winter fog that hung nter everything without. We did not lock or bar the door, a precaution, indeed, that we seldoity took, ana expecting to s^e Roderick in the morning, we all went to bed to meet again at the breakfast table, That morning mother was late, a taost uncommon thing for her. My pister had spoken with her, and she was getting her clothes on, so we all eat aronhd the table with onr porridge-howls hetore as, and waited ..for the blessing Which began each meal, ana without which ne dared net touch Spoon or knife., . When mother came she looked around £he table and asked quickly: " Is no Boderick doot yet ?" ' " So. mither," said Jinny," Boderick is na nt home the mom, sin he did na come ysatreen." " But he dia coom," said ihother, " he's up yon now, sleepin'. Ye" need iia disturb him," and she bent her stately, head in its widow's oap and invoked that blessing of which we had never yet heard one word. That it was all right we had no doubt-"wei took it upon trust. Breakfast was nearly over, when mother looked at me and said: "Rin oop, Allah; and tftke your firtthgr." My porridge waB good and 1 had " happed oh " a teaspoon of fengar when my sister was locking the other way, so I whined: , " Sind Bobbie, Blither; he's through wi' the •vittlea." Mother looked at me. 1 rose expeditionary enough' then, and went np the well-worn stairs three at a time, whistling fhealrof "Bonny RUmeny." X' then kicked on Roderick's door once or twice. Ko answer. Keit I knocked decently, ana called, "Roderick 1 beest in?" There was dead silencS. I ofifcned the door a little, then wiaer. There was no'one there, and thebed had not been slept in. I went down stairs and told my story. My mother rose up wrafhfully and said in her sternest voice: " An' yev'e been trifling m warm your jacket, Allan 1" Bat I was not afraid. She did not find Roderick any more than I did. " Awa' to the barn," she Bald, as she came down; " he'll he there, happen." Bat no Boderick was there. " How coom ye to think as how the lad was at hame?" asked Jinny, as she cleared the table. " I saw him," answered mother, solemnly; " I saw him wi' my twa een. He coom in aboot twal o' the clock, and I spake wi' him, hat I mind he didna answer. Happen he's dead, as his fayther wan afore him. Aye, Boderick, my son, my son t" All nnconscionsly she Used the pathetic word? of King David, and we children were thrilled as if a weird prophesy had been spoken, All hat Jinny; she was not a romantic yonng woman, and she had no superstition; so she said whiles, she folded the cloth: " Ye dreamed it, mitlier." "Aye! as I dreamed about yonr fayther, if ye call that dreaming," responded mother. " There he is now," cried Jinny, pointing to the window,'" cooming up the hill on a gallop. Rin, children, and open the gate to him." " That Boderick 1" I cried, contemptuously. " Why, that's a coal-black horse, and he rode away on a sorrel mare. Na, na, that is na ma gade big brither." Bat indeed it was, as I saw a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and wared his cap to mother in the doorway. I ducked under her arm—our mother wafi a woman of largB stature—and ran away to meet my brother. How good and handsome he looked as he pat his hand down to help me on the saddlebow in front of him. " Not yet, little brother," he Said, laughing lightly, "nor 'likely to he, please God;"' he doffed his cap as he spoke. Mother waited on him at his late breakfast with hungry eyes, and Jinny piled up the barley cakes, each one hotter than the other. " You woman folk spoil me," he said, between the monthfuls. " Now me ahi mither, what waur it ye dreamit aboot me ? " " It was na a dreem," said mother. "Ah, noo ye ken it was," said tbe laughing laddie, " or if it pleases ye to call it a vision, what wanr the vision J " "Ye will laugh at ice, thin," said ihothcr, in a low voice, " bat if ever I saw'ye alive wi 1 ma twa een, I saw ye last nichtat twalo' the clock as plain as I do noo." I " An' what was I doing, mither 1" We all gathered,' wide-monthed and staring, to hear what mother would say. "I will na say a word," remarked mother, with sudden anger, " if a' body laughs ; ca' it a - droam if ye want, hut listen respectful like, whiles I talk." The Scotch are dot a nation of gigglerg,,. In a moment our faces were as set as flint. "It waur .nicht, dark nicht," began mother,- "and-T : hed kep 1 awake listenln', listenin' for ma boy-to coom, for yon ken it's the &rat; time - he has ever disappointed me, and I expected him every moment, happen naught bad gone Strang. ,1 waur wide awake an' watchin' tbe fire i' the ehimnoy- place,"-andwhiles I thocht of him, and whiles X thocht" of bis fayther he iB go vera like, an' then' the .door opened sudden like, ana ho walked in ana went oop to the fire. I was'na surprised an' I did'na speak yet; he 1 took off 1 bis grefct-boat, an' I saw.it was'na wet, an* I wondered what had kept hini dr^e; he hung his coat over a chair 1 —ye' know it's your way Si .-doin'-Hm' he took on his neckerchief and bung that on the chair, too, an' stood owe? the coals and shivered; thin I called, 'Are ye cold, lad?' and youperar spake, nor: turned yonr head—an.' ye.were that. pal4ltbochtyew(iurfajntia',ridin'., . ; "£nd what became of me xii my doublet " asked Bedarick gaily..; ; . i - "That I oanna toll. I knew no more, fpr my mind.wps easy,at yoiy: bein' at hame, an*. I-slept 1 tUHetethismprnrnv' * ' - " SBflaVetback'i; ;;wlio 'onm .went tihrtin', jpiCd .. initlwr - boH> "hen elie .wajr a iifTftss? Eh, mither} W1 TBtjet, llkearone i'tlio sun."- fy, graceless lad! " saia sli ' nSereyesss she followed ' the heather eethsme tlusTnom ind here I a™. «Wo it.-bo.-fl> you iVaream « rislon is at flSrrai time. Now, come ont all V ye tteliitW-hlackstBed^is^M-ttoe^^^fe |ba.-Slack Bess is a bwuty, and--I gother at my mterposea: nibble. • ' ' -'IV!.- •' •' • A'-' •• •• ("Wliist,' 1 aaia 'Jinny; sharply, f you're enough to kill one In ytrnr dismal'«liiv6riii'v Gangjiwa Into the etronhlne,' and gat She blaot ma^ ont of 1 osi'thechts." qj a bright,' morning • after the fog, and tnrosg I ent'wfih^».willto mb' the Sow ioi^ia. mothor with' father's plaid ovdt her shonWere. tW rest'of ua'hariih'feaaed and frill ol prnnks. Roderick hf ongbt ont-the torse," 'a rnettleB»me eteatu're.with njuch whifii te" tho baUs tf Tier eyeB.iand her sleet elrs laid weU fiackl Franslng and nucrtting, she • went the rounds »f the yard.Koderiek heldlng the, Iter attap with .a firm grip. - Soddenly Black sas cantiishoe. . 1 1 -Pick it np ^er luck,'' whispered Kolibje. , , " Talto the baiter, Allan," said Boderick., I is mortally afraid of-,the towering beaat. hut ore afraid to disobey jiny brother,, and I stepped np'gingerly tend heli the haltor whQc the anctony dreatm-e sniffed at me BniplclouBly. - I Boderick' Stooped at that moment to piek np the shoe. He was 'langhbig, 'mayhap, »t my escTod face, for the'black'brute-gave a lange, a violent kick, and landed me on the wood-pile. Then she: fashed Jo the barn. 2I scrabbled, down and ran «p to Boderick. , The shoe was in-his hand,'he •fras still smiling, bat there was a settling in all his limbs, and in a moment he lay ih a heap at onr feet, dead—aye. dead, and the smile frozen to his face 1 '.'... . •' • i It was so awfnlly sudden that we could not at first believe it, and even when they told us that the Imprint of that brute beast's loot was fqand over bis heart we hoped against hope that be bight learrive - All but mother. I am an old fnan and my hair is lint white, but I'll nerer iorbt, no never, how she stood and . looked at him 