THE ARTIST'S STORY. l am a poor artist, and it- may be that niy 1 only ohanoe of lame lies:. with . the. strange | tale that J aui about io tell. : .La the autumn of lB8t year|, at the tipae .when :my. fortunate brethren - Were returhins froci .- the summer 1 campaign I was sitting , qver . a. portrait of some well-to-do workmen a r member of. a portrait club, to which I. was painter-in- ordinary. It seemed.a hopeless /ask trying to put- expression and feeling into the. face of | a man born into a world of /hatf-and half 'r- 1 a man whose most yivid experience in the realms I of sweetness/and7 light, wap. the weekly jEre- ' and-easy at the neighbouring; /rPig " and Whistle.' I /'struggled . .oh wlthi the : cheap photograph, before me, ghastly in its realism, a sodden-faced ; workman, done to the life by aEueton jrpad photographer, £iii I was wearied nut. I cqpld. pajmt no , ,lpnger. The. whole lair, of my ; rooto eeeaied impreg- ; nated with i tho pudding , faced . mechanic and. his pig. eyes. I. lighted, my pipe,, and, burying my head in my hands, eat before .the hre till .the iight had waned and tbefire bad fllokered its last. ; Suddenly I was aroused by ju/ag at my door,and fiomepne entered. 4 v; I' . At the time I seemed to feel . a eudden shock, a strange, undefined.; fqalr, bat ; I- only attribated jit to my overworked breinland tired, eyes. Though the. new-cqmex was un k&own;, he made ' no' 'remxfe,; hnt/.wafked straight up to the portrait of the pig faced workman, looked at it a few. seodndB, and then, turning suddenly appnme as I stood somewhat i astonished bv the fire, he said.3 ' Yon paint portraits ; yoh inQst paint mine.' 1 As he said this, he turned upon ine, end the I last .flicker of the firelight shpwedme a faee | pale almost tp death— 4he features handsome; but the whole effect overshadowed by eyes I whish absolutely burned. . Their eole exprea; I 8ion seemed to .me their intensity, of: what | I could not then define, but I had never seen | eucfe eyES before, and I kno w - now T f pan I never again.: It- was; no gleam of suddeij 1 pasBion. vbut a fixed fire, burning unchang; j ingly 7. ' Few wotds were; spoken — j wautpo 1 I astonished; he evidently disinclined tocon- 1 verse. I was to .oommence at once, he curtly I intimated; so I produced a cany as, and my strange.sitter composed himself, and on 1 1 worked, it may have-; been for .two hours, j There he eat immovable, hia deathly f a e ( fixed, like . marble. .The. gleam; in hiia eyes never ohanged. no muscle of his face showed J a quiver ; -but Inould at last work no longer 1 an undefined dread seized me— I kqew not 1 what-r-but l; would paint him: no mote ; . ahd I yet a terrible fascination /had impelled toe ji I had neyer. worked faster ; or done, better work; In jthose two hours I had completely | mastered his lace; only: the eyes I, failed to catch— they were ,Jbqybnd my poor | prowess, j t threw ;';dcrwh my brush, and, "irith a forced1 laugh, rsaid, 4 You are a good model, sir ; you eit well.' He j rose silently , looked at the eanvaB an instant, i and with the words ' To-morrow, same time,' was gone. I breathed more freely. . What it was I could not say, bqtT did not like my new patron, and yet it might be mere fancy. I tried to argue with myself— I was over worked, tired out, had eaten little ; the pig- faoed workman had annoyed tne— bat all to I no purpose ; the dread was ever present. What did he want his portrait for?.. Why didn't he : leave his name ? : Why borne to me? Who sent him? Thousands of other each qaestionB kept cropping hp. However, I went to bed, buiinot tp sleep. The little garret III had over a mews seemed, strangely uncom fortable ; I could not close. my eyes; the wind howled in gusts down the yart|,Sand bore sheets of raiu agaiust my window ;jthe panes rattled, and theuoise of ttae fewhabs j which came home late into/the mews sounded strange and . nnoanhy borte on the gusty wi ud ; the rattle of the wheels knd the plash , of the steady rain mixed up. with my waking dreams, and the pale face of my sitter ever aud anon ; seamed to cbme across "the uncer-; tain llght thrown /from tbe lamps below, , land those eyes |Ieamed agaihin.fea6hrefiected oabllgbt ithat shone from tha/hkze and steasi ' l.heiow, I it ivas/an awful 'night/ ihfi yef, T Was morelrighteHed at tnyself than at my. sitter. ' I feared l was going to be iil— to die in that garret alone; Men. had done sb, ahd their .hones; been fobud months afterwards when the lacdlord came for his rent I was going mad ; I ; must get up and work; and so I dressed, set my palette, and began again aft niy friend the workman ; I oould not teok on = " l. == -P |t sim4ito disquiet me.i tired ouW Bleep came aft IwtoCne morning I ! awoke ; the past . nighi seemed a dream, nnd.ln(HsttflBt;'inxchiO'in» " ' finished portrait to temfadStnef itsfiksiif e.«?T Hard work s a floe an tid ote fpr m iod. by . thei evening I. had in ed-my: listrtji / -7: -: -> spirits, . -Biinotualto tbe moraent my styah /V" xr. - / r sitter arrived, and, with its stern look and steady eyes. With « composure than I shonld have 'thpnght - ; " T1: sible. I was getting used to him.. He whk phfy' " au eccentrip, nothing mor and it he didn/tv; ?r. ; ; choose? to; talk, ;why., I suppoee behadgpb i . ; .reasons for being cijent,; «ihi; £07 f ; tcngne also. In . a- few daystllpftiv finished. .1 flattered myself is,. wasffalf: : Lgood; the eyes were the ;ouiy thinaI coBldd% 1 - seize. s However, my patron ,pai.dme,;paid he would sk';md )o 7 7-./" ' r portrait fori- some months, as- he. was! genng ;awayj and departedi Brotlr arts - ".cams ineiiBidered it by far ' had dooe, akid advised roe 7 -1 1; I Academy. There seemed no harmjin fthlis,' ' I I decided to put a background il ah%T)ry j luck at the next exhibition. Just abpub th it was thu fashion to pnt-fah htHwgmasa. 17: to figures, >8p I looked among my sketehoi ibl1 - one suitable to my (n|f , pitched on. a sketch I had dene years. befqip: 7, . t/ r in . tbe, j&ernese; OberlandiF nld,; Jtoagjfo I ravine, sombre and preoipitons jas|7i ,9 I of thing to go with .euch a sad, sfexh face |. I That niefcnrfl onfc- Jimlc in - thfl linfti ann .. . attract jpemsiderable attsttlippY jpn fUTHdei ' I was congratulated. Affur /the isxkibEjra had beemop&n; .a few. weyeks, 1 received a letter anmistakably legal, asking - mo tp-v-tna write? »/ OolL1 at my earliest jconveuiewbe j at hisoffice M at onoei went cto the, addtesb i= -# given, which was .in one oi those bl lcouS which still -modern twqlve-atory brethren. ' jA ' 7 V'-T ' l' t The lawyer received me with a grave face. You are Mr. M/G|Ip»TT)elie>e?' he¥md7 ' ; r I assented. '7; f; 7;,7! 7" ;.>7 /.And you are the painter of.7( .aaJ?brlta5£'. 7 ' No. 370,'' in the Academy. ' 7 - -:r- I aoknowledged my.jwqrk,. May I ;ask, Mr.7 IwasTI original for that portrait and how .lozig it has been; painted?,' j Heelug my hesitatiob, hn ftddflii. 4TPhifi in a iiArinna ffiii' arifl T frntt - you will pardon my seemrog inqmsitiyfinew/ I ihen told him bt my myBterioue sitter, and how he had gone awiyhnd left Jishhf? name nor addrese. . V/ 4 Can you give me the exact cttte when I first came ?' : r , ..'v 7 ';77 ;Ji- \- 4 1 can, for I made an. entry in my dia; it was the Srd .of November/ - ,y i ; 7,..; | ; . 4 You , are quite certain j - i , : ,7 7V :4Ferfeotly7 ; ,,,'.>.7 /Can you -tell mewhatm%de Fouputil background into the picture?' 7 ; 4 No. : I was in the BeifUUse Oberiand ft Jfcw | years back, and made a sketch, wMohfore want of sorhething better,Tput in.5 ; ; 77 J u 4 Thank you Mr. M-Gil .I am extrcme L- obliged. ;>Good morning,' 7 ' I said , good morning,, and found myself outride, wondering what it all meant, V Why | bo many qdestlons? What could thai fnsty | old lawyer want ? The whole affair was 1 mysterious; I wish I had a'sked some htiss lticm&77J I- 7; /77;:H/r Hp A , - | However, I soon forgot my rorimtetrt | sitter and the inquisitive old iawyer in the | press of work which the picture of ;his faoS had brought me. One ixiornIogr: rahd&g; tbe mormng papers, I came aorOBB the' fcdlmvteg . paragraph?— 1 f C5_. 1; 1 m.!-1 !- a 4 r. : xritti to ofimiftQrrA most extraordinary trial fs'hew fattrshing considerable attention on the Gbnti«iSft. 7711 appears that last sammer. CaptalnTYeke' and hie wffe were travelling in ihe1 Bemmo Oberlahdi' 1 Oaptain Yerek&Shi; tneBitog from his hotel for a sburivWk, leaving, hia wife at home. He uever returned. Search was made, but nb could be digaovered, and aitBr se msutimB/il was oQiicladed that be must haye slipped dowu a crevflSBe. It was f emarked At'ie tiifte that he was on badtermk if ho married with indeeeot/ harievan Gout Bagatz. The affair, which excited meh talk in the district, was foibttenpand Capftaki Yereker's friends gavp upihe saauhb. Gne of tbem. however, in goiJn:«ie Academy this year in London : :obseiwed : a most striking likeness of his friead. ;oiIe ..made !uquiries, and to hiB horror discovered that the portrait had been painted : fthrea months' after the death of Gaptein Yerekerii The artist was questioned on the .eabjectfhut coidd . givp no explanation of tlua straima affair, tbe xnost startling thing about " which was that the baokgroriSt bITha picture was v sketch of the very dittricfe ia wbich tl ill- fated captain disappeared. His friends de- teimind tb sift the matter : came oyer to St» Ahtz, audi searching the exact' place of . the sketch j discovered the body, with a msty dagger imbedded hi the ribs -of the murdered man. The dagger was: at onee identified as the property of Count Bagate. who is now on : . t trial for the murder of Captain Yetekw A A! later telegram in - the same paper , . ,- announoed that Cbunt Bigatz had eonfesBed I his guilt, and had been senteaoedto deathr I I had painted a ghost i -From Ltfai .--- 44 I Doif'T see why you Are .partioular about your hair," said 1 a- dauriiah husband ; .1: ! 4 4 1 dsn'tj suppose Eve ever woirb a fringe." ,i: 44 1 don't aupposeshe did," replied: tt»7vrife \ i a i with a: quiet smile, 44 but then -thwre was nobody in <the vmrld. but vher husband te < 'admits her.-li ? i- - --- : "77 ; -7.7 , . 