VICTORIA EACING CLTJB— WINTEE STEEPLE CHASE MEETING. (3r TBtEOEAPH. FEO2L 'CASMAS.'} Melbo-cexe. Saturday. The fourth annual steeplechase tryst at Flemington was held to-day, with great success. Fine weather prevailed, and a large number of visitors from the country and the adjoining colonies were present. Every facility was afforded to visitors by the railway officials, and trains ran to tho racecourse every few minutes. The scratching of The Agent for the Grand National iluraie ifaso provea quite a oiow 10 tne backers, iror tlie Maiden Sceeplechase tbo iilarnnis ol Waterford or The Boron is most in request. Stafford and Star were both well supported last night in doubles for the Hurdle Eac_e and the ateopleclmse. The racecourse was in splendid, order, and some excellent jumping was witnessed during the afternoon. The results are as follow : — Maiden Hurdle Bace, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with 150 added. For all horses which have never won an ad vertised hurdle race or steeplechase. Horses which have never started in a hurdle race allowed 71b. Second horse to receive 25 sovs, and third 10 sovs out of the stake. Three- year-olds to carry Ust 71b: 4yrs, lost Sib; 5yrs, 6rrs and aged, lOat 121b. About 2 miles. Gasalier, 4yr« ... ... _. ... 1 Hazard, 3yrs ... ... ... ... 2 Umadhaun, 4yrs ... ... ... 3 Tha other starters were The Ghost, 6yrs (Hong) : Star,-, need (Keatinff) ; .Lady Teazle, 4yra (Corriga.ii) ; Cockboat, 4yrs (Mr. Cox) ; and Stafford, 4yrs (M'Gowan). Betting : 2 to 1 against Hazard, 3 to 1 Stafford, 4 to 1 Gasalier, 6 to 1 TLe Ghost and Ktar The nag was lowered to a good start. Star was the quickest to travel ; but immediately gave way to Hazard, who maintained tho lead into the straight, attended by fctar, Stafford, and Lady Teazle. The Ghost came down at the first hurdle, and eave his rider a severe shaking. Upon rounding the turn to the river stretch the favourite con tinued to lead ; but, before the bridge was reached, was joined by Gasalier, Umadhaun, aud Lady Teazle. Star dropped back, and Cockboat brought up the rear. At the abattoirs (j-asalier led the favourite by a length, followed, two Jengths oil, by Omadhaun and Stafford, who were together, and Lady Teazle was a length behind. At the sheds the £rst-named pair came away from tho field, and a grand race resulted in Gasalier winning by a length from Hazard, -who was four leugths ahead of Omadhauc. Then came Stafford, Ltdy Teazle, and Star. Time, Sciin b'3}soc. Maiden steeplechase, a sweepstakes of S sovs each, with i50 added- For all horses which have never won a steeple chase. Horses whicli have never started in a steeplechase or hurdle raco allowed 101b. Sccoud horse to receive 25 eovs aud third 10 soys out of stake. Three-jear-olds to carry lOst, 4yrs lOst 101b, o.vrs Ust Ulb, Gyre and aged list, Js'o horse to carry mtder 9st 7Jb. About 2h miles. Kingston, 5yrs (IC'Ivor) ... ... 1 ilobiu Hood.oyrs (Malone) ... ... 2 Murquisof Waterford, Oyrs (Bird) ... 3 ?The other startora were Kulkyne, aged (Watson) ; Good wood, 5yrs (locating) ; Holyrood, aged (Delaney) ; Sir Fyans, 4yra (M'-Leod) ; lanco, oyrs (Fioyil). Besting : 3 to 1 against Marquis of Waterford, 5 to 1 Ooodwood. fiobiu llood, and The Uaron. Alter Kulkyne had brokan away and returned, the field were sent away oc »rea terms. Kulkyue sit onco assumed .command, and was attended by tUe Marquis of Waterford, IKiusston. liobin Hood, Goodwood, and Vimco. All nego tiated the first fence except Vanoo, wuo positively refused. Ciine same ordor wu uuviavamed in passing tho sheds. &X;, the trainers' the Marquis of Waterford came down; but Tftus quickly remounWd. Tho Baron stopped, and before «!iteriug tho stnuyut Sir Fyans came down. Passing: the aland K-uIkyno, Kobin llood, aud Holy rood took the doable together. Their attendants w«rs Kingston cad Goodwood. ?_}he same ordar oootinuad along tho rivei side. After passinr tho river hiidgt Kmkjne comedown at the second of tho double; but' wi olevsrly r*mounted, ana went on again. Before x&uahiu;£ the scraping sheds Kulkyne agnin ruunad the ?oomand, followed at an interval of half a length by liobiu Hood, who was 10 lengths mhcadof Goodwooi ajul ttiae»ton. Tte aiarquu of Vfater ^ord was last. Before ruachJwr »hs torn. Goodwood and UCulkyne caoo down, bus the Matter was coon remounted. Xfie pace from this out was at the tsercj of Bobin hood, bt^t Kingston caught him at *h» balf-distaao«-, aud won by five lengths. The satna distance s«pai»te4 the Marquis of Watarfortf. The others followed At long Intervals. Time, «min 7ii»ec. Grand National Hordie Race,, a haridfcaf « waepstakes of 20 sovs ea-!h, with 3U0 added, .-eoond faorsa to receive 50 sore and fatiird 25 aovs out of stake. About 3 miles. Don Quixote, list 131b (Ulftsscook) ... 1 Sundowner. lOst 31b [Inglit) ? V Kinjfwood, 13st 7ib (Soobig) ... ... 3 Tho other atattero -nern — Tantaliser, Out 111b (Bill) ; Ginkmz Fund, Sst (Hunt) ; FUmboroagh. lOst 51b (Enips worth-i 'Jha Joker, Ust 2lb (King); rarree, lOst 31b, Betting: S tol against lUnpwoool. 4 to 1 Don Quixote, 5 to 1 Ontario and tto Joker. 6 to 1 others. The &ag; t ell to a good start. Ontario and TautalUer waat to tbe front, and the rest were in a cluster, Flamborough and the tavounte beic^ lost. The nmt order was main- : itainod until tne river side »?»» reached. There Taotaliser : took up the running from Sundowner, who was two lengths behind' Sinking Fond, Don Quixote. Yaxree, and Th£ Joker wero together, asd Flamborough and the favourite woro last. No material alteration ensued aiatil tiio stand was passed the second time. The field *hen tjetrao to close ap to tbe leader. Along tthe rivet stretch SunC owner made the pace miarriar jusd was thre» leogthl. in front ? of 'fentalis'er. Haifa length off followed Sinking Fund and 5£a Jokar, w^o «ei« a lenifUi ahead fit Doa QuUote and FiawborouKli. ^'rw dropped oot Opposite the bndge $he Joker ina-fc * *™»* '*h through liis horses and triod ?to ran off the hurdlo. but havin* been driven at the SstecU. hei«U E-»vily on Ws tidor, anJ Inearlv brought «undo^«r doWT Onwrio. fiiaking fond aarf Quixote ^TmiM^ Xbi -'1» -w matotolnod until near the J»dm- torn, t*W* O«Wrto»a«-ff- BU»?wood joined Sn n Sw^iT*hIrtwiS»r»wl * «reai »ce *.e««n between S«rQn'»1^«^»« «P »» th' tosld»' and beat U^e pair ihwaHtlb. T^lnvanermfr^.r^Midborongh^nAQutMMo /who ma* luh. Tune, Sonro Uiate. oS^£-jSh»I«mM44uh. » handicap Bweep»t»i«- of 15b£b, awnV^h ^S^aSEST ^^^SecondWrse to receive 50 #ors and (hird 25 aovs ot* o* ptate. About 5 mile» ChipDenham, aged, list fKflduff) ... 1 Friendless. 5yrs, 9st 121b (Batty) ... 2 I Moonlight, aged, lOst 71b (Hill) ? 3 1 The other starters were Lizette, aged, list Sib (Cree); Blackthorn, aged, 12st 121b (M'Leod) ; Union, aged, lOst Sib (Delaney) ; General Jackson, aired, list 21b (M'Gowan); Katanga, 3yra. lOst 1Mb (ftcobia) ; AastcaBan Court, «yrs, lOst 71b (Butlor) ; All Serene, aged, lQst Sib (Floyd) ? and Hands Down, 6yrs, 9st71b (M'Lachlon) ; and lame, 6yrs, lQst 91b (CorriRon). Betting : 2 to 1 against Friendless, 3 to 1 Lizette, 4 to I Fame and Katanga, 7 to 1 Chippenham, 8 to 1 Blackthorn, 10 to 1 others. 1 be starter was not loner in. sending away bis Sold. The colours of All Serene, Fame, JPnsndlesa, . and General Jackson were the most prominemt as they j»and tho stand j and the rot -were together, with Lixett* in. th* mu. A* soon as the river turn was rounded General Jnokson went to the front, and led over the first f snoe, attended by AH Berue, Lizetta, fama, and Chippsnbicm.- SAtunga and Union wera last. Ko alteration occurred until ta& bridge was passsd. Lizstte then took up th» sacosd place. Fame took off badly and landed on th» top ol tha lassa and was out of the race. At the abattoirs LUatts went to the front. Her attendants were General Jackson, K»%umg», JlooBliyhl, Blsokthorn, and Chtppenbam and Hands Down was last. After the sheds ware passed General Jackson and Iazette. raced together. Tbsncame Chippenham and Moonlight. Ko alteration occured- until the stand was reached. There Moonlight held a half rencrth advantage over Lizette, who wa6 two lengths ahead of Ganeral Jackson and Chippennam, followed by Blackthorn and Katunca. The otners were together, and Hands Down was last. From this out Lizette and Moonlight led, havinR Chippennaai and Friendless close up. Wlien tbe trainers' shed was passed Chippenham joined Lizette, aid Jriendleso and Moonlight wera nest. Upon nearinjf ihe distaaca Friendlaas oballenred Chippen ham and Lizstte droppad back, whila Moonlieh* took, the third place. A. grand »trugjr!o reiultad in a victory for Chippeohau, who answered ths call mada upon him a 'second time, winning by half m lasgrth, Tbe same distanoe separated Friendless from Moonlight, who was two lencths in front of Lizstte, followed by Blackthorn, Union, and Katanga. All Serene was last. Time, 7min. Sailing Hurdle Kace, a nwaepstakes of 3 sovs each, with 100 addad. Weights as in Maiden ataeplechas*. Winner to be gold for £50; 71L allowed for every £25 reduction in selllns price (whieh must be stated at time ot entry). Bo horse to carry less than 9st. 2 miles. Prospact, aged, nil (Corrig*n) ... ... 1 Bed Kelly, 5yre, nil (M'Xreod) ... ... 3 Borderman, 4yrs, nil. Betting: 5 to 4 on Prospect. (July three started. They were sent away to a s/ood start. Borderman went to the front, and took tbe first hurdle. Prospeot and Ned Kelly were half a length off. At the river turn Borderman ran off and again refussd. From this out the race was never in doubt. Prospect won by four lengths from Ned Kelly. Time, 4min 6sso. Flat Ea.ce, a handicap of 5 sove each, with. 150 added. Tor two-year-olds and upwards. Lowest weight to be not less than 7st. 1 mile. Bonnie see, axed, 8tt91b ? 1 taiUeroo, 3yrs, 7tt 101b ? 2 Duenna, Syrs, 8at 111b ... ... ... 3 The other starters were — Bassaaio, Sst 61b (Ejer) ; Iron master. Sst 131b (G. Williams) ; Golden Butterfly. 8st JbOlb (Hutchins); Black Diamond, aged, 8at 61b (Dobson) ; Virago, 4yrs, Sst ilb (KeUy) ; Norfolk', *yrs, 8st 31b (Robertson) ; Belle Brandon, 6yrs, 7st 111b (launders ; Eegulator. 3yrs, 71b 111b (Williams) ; Castaway, 4yrs, 7sfe 111b (Moore) : Too Too. 3yrE, 7st Sib (H-ughes) ; Im pulse, 4yrs, 7st 111b (Flanagan) ; Lyons Lady, 3yre, 7st 61b (Barr), Yellow Hammer, 7st (Walks). Betting : 3 to 1 agai:ist Too Too, 5 to 1 Duanna, 8 to 1 Begulator and Ironmaster, 7 to 1 Bonnie Bee, 8 to 1 Nor folk, 10 to 1 others. As soon as the starter dispatched his field. Too Too lumped to the front and established a length lead. Eegu lator, Norfolk, Bassanio, and Duenna were next, and tho others were in a bunch, with Ironmaster last. At the sheds Failleroo went up into second position, and Castaway tripped and fell. Too Too still maintained her advantage. Before entering the straight, Failleroo displaced Too Too, and took up the running-. His attendants were Eepulator, Duenna, Bassanio, and Bonnie Bac. At the distance it looked as if Regulator would win, but Duenna and Paillaroo challenged him. Bonnie Bes, however, came with a «;roat run and defeated the pair by about a length. Than followed Bassanio, Norfolk, Too Too, Bl&ck; Diamond, and the rest together, with Lyons Lady last. Time, lmin 45sec, 