FICTION. (Vrom EnKllibJitmericBHttMBii otbar Periodical«.) r>oT PART II* CHAPTER XX, BEHTIE'S NABSATIYB. A startling oath barst from Gilbert Fontaine's lips, aa Madeline thus proclaimed her relationship to the Mghtboy standing beside her, and he staggered stack against the frame of the door through which ne bad just passed. He had half suspected it, and yet when the an« ?ouncement came, it was like a thunderbolt, J But he rallied after a moment. Hie quick eye had marked Medie'« risk toilet, the glittering gems upon her white fiageri, the blaaleg .olitaires in her small ears, tke general air of ease and affluence there WAS about her. and the thought had Come to bim that he might possibly reap Bone benefit from the bond which «till united them to each other. «Indeed," he sneered, in reply to bar assertion, though his face was still white frem emotion, " then he Ia mine also, I suppose, since you claim that you .re my wife." Bertie started and took a step forward hil face crimson, his banda clenched, ai if to strike the mai «ho had dared to so insult his beautiful mother. Bat a glance at her arrested him, and told him that perhaps, after all, there might be mere of truth in what he bad heard than he at first imagined. Madia's attitude was still prend and ielf*posiitsed, lrat she was as colorless as her spotle» dress, and there was a look of pain, almest of horror, in her eyes. "Mother!*'Bertie cried ia an appealing voice, is that msn my father t" He made a gesture of aversion aa be speke. Could it be possible that he owed his being to this nun who was almost a murderer ? waa one, indeed, at heart ? The thonght was a terrible one. " Yes," Madeline replied, sadly. " I am obliged to tell yon the truth." He searched her face Do-do you-love him?" he aaked, nndar his breath. "No,"calmly, and without a particle of passion, «as the answer given ; but there waa a world of ex- pression in it nevertheleis. He heaved a sigh of relief. «Then I shall never own him-I won't have any- thing to do with him," he said. "You may not be allowed yonr own cholee in the matter, my fine fellow ; a father ia the proper guard* Ian of his children," Gilbert Fontaine retertsd, Mow- ling angrily at tke boy. " You can never be my guardian, air," Bertie an. ewered,proudly and decidedly. - '. Indeed ! perh»ps you will condescend te give your reasons for repudiating your own father." MI don't know what you mean, air, by that lang word." Bertie said, flushing, " but I do knew that yon are a very bad man." " You are frank at all éventa : kow did you happen to gain auoh an insight into my character f" Gilbert aneered, "lean tell yan if yen want to know,"Bertie aa« eerted, with kindling eyes, " Yery well j go ahead, my spirited youngster. I ad- mire your grit." * A man who weuld try to poison another when he waa tpo sick to help hi nself, isn't fit to be anybody's guardian," Bertie said with startling distinetneir. Gilbert Fontaine actually sprang off his feet aa this thunderbolt descended upon him, his face per- fectly ghastly, while he sheok with fear, and regarded the boy in amazement. "You vicious little eur, what are you talking about f" he demanded in a shaking voice, and ap- proaching him with uplifted arm OB if about to fell him to the floor. Bat he stopped short when' he met Madeline's blazing eye ; bold and wioked as he waa, there was something about this majestic woman that iaspired bim with awe. Bertie, however, nerer flinched, bnt atood looking bim straight in the face. "I saw Dr. Gill when he poured a bottle of poison into some medicine which stood on the table in Mr Davenport's room, in the hospital in Parie, when he was so siok that he didn't know anything," he said, Jn steady, emphatic tones. Gilbert regarded him with horror written upon «very feature. " Dr. Gill-who ia Dr, Gill ?" his ashen Upa asked while he struggled in vain for composure. " He was Mr. Fontaine dressed np in a white wig and whiskers, a long coat, and gold bowed glasses. and I saw him put the poison in the glass through the window that was over Mr. Davenport's bed," Bertie answered, boldly. "Yon lie, yon young rascal !" "I don't-I never tell a lie ¡it's mean and nobody bnt a coward will lie 1" Bortia interrupted, and his voice rang out clear and scornful. "Do yon suppose that I am geingto stand here and let you say such things about meP" Gilbert demanded in a voice of thunder, but he was still ^terribly ahaken. " In the first place, I don't believe 50a have ever been in Paris." " I have Bir ; I followed you when yoa went there," waa the aBtounding reply. «. Followed mel why I never was acroia the water ia my life,? asserted the readyîliar. { , Bertie'a Ups curled and his eye« flashed. " Yet, you were," ha said, not in the least daunted by this denial ; " you went ia the Enropa, and every, body there thought your name wat Henry Munroe. I followed you to the vessel just to tee what yon were up to, for I thought there was something wrong' about the pretty girl you took to Nancy Agnew's. but I got asleep on the boat, aid when I woko mp, we had started, I was in a pickle then, and felt like the dickens, but couldn't help myself, and so made the best of it. When we landed I kept near you baeaute I thought you were the only one who had a natural look ; but I got into trouble when we got to taris broke my arm, and was carried to the Maison Dieu de Paris-don't know at I say it right, but that's as near at I qan get it. I hadn't bean there a grout while when one day you came--* «..'.' Now look here, my fine yonng gentleman, yon are spinning a puielylmsginatlve yarn, and you can just qiut," interrupted Gilbert, savagely, and aroused to desparation by this avalanche of evidence directed against him, " No, tir, every word ia true," retorted Bertie, defiantly; "and if you want it proved,;why, I'm just the feller that can do it," , " You can prove it 1" Gilbert Fontaine said, ia a voice of horror ¡ " how can you prove it I" " When Mr. Davenport got better-" " Better!" gasped the astonished man, while ia ?tantly h-s thoughts reverted to the stranger whom ha had encounters« U1<» u>» »fatinn platform at Rocheiter, and a sickeningjtnaation began to creep over him. " Yes, sir," and there was an exultant ring ia the boy's clear tone. "Do you think I would let him have a drop of that stuff after I knew what you had dans F I was waiting oakthe nura« who took care of him, and I tipped it over-I spilled every drop, and Mr. Davenport got well. He took me away with hint when he left the hospital to go to Switzerland, and X stayed with him all the time until he came herne. But when wa cam» back to Paris we had an accident; something was the matter with a railway bridge, and we had to wait mora than an hour for it to be fixed. I got tired of sitting still, and I went down to the bank of the river, where some children wera playing with a queer looking thiag that they had fished up out at the wattr." Silbert Fontaine sank into a chair, too weak to stand another moment, as he began to comprehend something of the net of circumstantial evidence which was closing around him, while, with his ghastly face, his wild, horrified eyes, and his shaking form he was an object of pity for the hardest heart. " It'looked like a great bag that somebody had thrown into the river," Bertie resumed, " and they were having a great time iic' j& it about. All at once it buist open, and a lot ci clothes rolled ont, and a false wig and set ef whiskers beeidet. I thought I knew them ; they all looked like what Dr, Gill wore-though I didn't know his name them when he came to the hospital." Gilbert caught eagerly at these last words. " Bah ! what a wild story 1" he gasped, Just be- cause you saw a man with white hair and beard at the hospital, and then happened to tee this wig, Ac., that WRB fished np out ef the water, you let your imagination run away with you and trump up this miserable story. But take care, sir-take oare, you are p'aying a very dangerous game, and may get yourself into trouble," he concluded, sternly. ( "I know, sir, that there never waa any Dr. Gill," Btrtie returned, positively ; " for I knew you in spite of the wig and whiskers. I could never forget your eyes, ner the sound of your voice. I bought every- thing from those children, and Mr. Davenport let ne bring them home, and I've got 'em now, and besides-" " Well, what next ?" interrupted the nearly fran- tic man, in a towering passion. " It i« a fine state of things, I must confess, when a boy stands up like this aad accuses his owa father of attempting murder." It was an ugly word, and he shuddered as ha spoke it. "You should rather thank him for having saved you from committing BO horrible a crime," Madeline said, in a lew, solemn tone, and deeply excited her- self by what she had heard. " Indeed ! You believe his senseless story then f " he taid ; but he awayed dizsily in his chair at he spoke. " I must believe him. Snowing what I do, I have no alternative. 1 " But only the wildest imagination could possibly conceive of any connection between that buadle of old clothes and the man whom he asserts that he saw in the hospital." "But,"cried Bertis, eagerly,"I wat going to tell you-I was looking those things over one day, since we got home, and I found in «ne of the pockets a card with'Daniel Gill, M.D.' printed oa it, and I didn't even know what'nis name waa until I found it." I Gilbert Fontaine had not one ward to say in reply to thif, He knew well enough that he had betrayed emotion enough to identify himself with Dr. Gill, and he waa too dumfounded by what the boy had told him, to even attempt to deny anything farther, " I've got the poison, too-sr, at least, Mr. Daven- port bas," Bertie resumed ; " but I don't know whether he brought it here or not." " Her*.<" cried Gilbert, starting up wildly, as if he almost feared being confronted by a ghost* " Yes, here 1" repeated a deep, stern voice just at his aide, ana glancing up, the wretched man uttered a cry of terror as he saw Boy himaelf standing before hiaa. There waa BO mistaking bim, now that he had shaven off his beard, though he presented a muck stouter and mora healthful appearance than ever be- fore. The little group were upon the aide porch, and had therefore not seen him as he crossed the street and entered the gate in front of the house ; neither had he seen them until, passing around the corner, he had suddenly come upon them just as Bertie was relating about the discovery of Jhe card, and when his enemy had started up on learning that he was ia the place. The iwo men looked at each other for one brief moment, and then those evil eyes wavered and sunk to the ground, and the criminal stood unconsciously confessed before them. " Yep, Gilbert Fontaine, your plots were cunningly laid, but they have all failed ; your crimea have all been discovered, and I have ample proof in my pos- session to convict you of attempted murder. My in- dignation against you at first prompted me to see that you were put where you could do no further harm ; but I am inclined to believe, from your present ap- pearance, that your own conscience will mete out to yon all the punishment that yon can bear. One thing I warn you against, however-never dare to come into my presence, nor molest me sr mine in any way again, if you value your liberty, " And now," he added, turning, with a smile, to Madie and Bertie, " I will attend to my errand. I have been commissioned to escort yon to the cottagei to dine with us, Miss Stewart, aa you doubtleia know, was drafted into service this morning by Mrs. i Arnold, and is .already there. ' J He offered bis arm to Madeline, and the trio walked away, without deigning the guilty man upon the porch even a glanée. ," Foiled at every turn V he mattered, at he bowed his hesd upon his hands, while he rapidly .reviewed the event! of the lut year and a half. He had plotted and sinned only to reap bitter de | feat, abame, and ignominy in the and. Roy had marvellously escaped death at bit hands ; Dot had beaten him at every tura, and was new happy in the return and love of her husband ; the lovely and gentle girl whom he had waned' and sought to ruin in har youth, had developed into a grandly beautiful woman, and wal living ia" afflu- ence; she too had outwitted him by proving the legality of her marriage with him, thus laying him liable to the charge of bigamy, while his own son, a boy io'handsome aad keen-witted'that my father* might well be proud of him, had learned ali his wickedness and depravity, and not only boldlir ac- cused him of attempted murder, but also declared that he would aever own him as his father. j These wera not pleating raflectlont, and thara ara few mortals in this world whose let it is to ftel as wretched as Gilbert Fontaine felt, sitting thtrejupon that quiet porch, ia the sunlight of that beiatiful Juae day. Once be put kia hand up to bia forehead in e half frightened way. I "Waa the brand «(Cain upon it f" bad bein the tnougbt wblch startled him, Tor he felt as if he had been cursed with an indelible mark like one of old An hour later, when the farmer'a wife went to seek him, thinking he must need something to strengthen and nourish him after his accident, she fonnd the bedreom empty-the porch was forsaken -Gilbert Fontaine had disappeared, and none of those whose lives he had so nearly mined ever saw him again. ." * * . * A week later some of the New York papera con- tained the following notion : "Died, June 29th, at No. 42-street, Gilbert Fontaine, aged thirty-nine years six months and five daya. The deceased waa injured by being overturned while beating en Long Island sound, receiving in« ternal injuries which caused his death." That waa all-only a few brief lines, but they teld Madeline, the wronged, that at last she waa PBBB! A few days after she waa waited upon by a lawyer, who informed her that a former client, Gilbert FOB. taine, by name, upon learning that be could not live, had made a will, bequeathing all his preperty, which was considerable, to one Bertie Tain, and making Miss Madeline Stewart his guardian, and the executrix of the will. This was an exceedingly disagreeable surprise to Madeline, and her first impulse was to refuse to have anything whatever to de with the matter. But while she was so disturbed by it, ahe waa at the same time grateful for the careful way, in whioh the man who had wronged her had worded his last will and testament. There was no word in it, no hint even, that ht had ever bien aennected with her in any way. He had simply appointed her as Bertie's guardian, and now the world need sever know, unless sha chose to re- veal the fact, that he had been her husband and the father of her boy. . Bertie had bun pressât while the will wai read, and after the lawyer had taken his departure, he went te Madie, and kneeling down before her, orosted hit arma upon her lap, looking up with a grave, pale faee into her eyes. " Mother," he said, in a low, fierea tone, " why didn't you tell him that I never would touch one cent at that money f" "Became I had no right to do that, dear," the answered, flushing with mingled surprise and satis- faction to find that he shartd her own feelings oa the subject, "But I will net-I would be a bootblack, er an errand bay, all my life, rather than buy a crust with a penny of it," he said, passionately. " What shall be done with it then f the maa is dead, and cannot give it to anybody else," sha returned, while she gently smoothed back the rich, dark hair from hit flashed forehead. " I don't cara what becomes of it. I thall never touch it," be parsisttd. "I'll tell yon what we will do," he added, a mo- ment later, and starting np excitedly, " we'll bay a nie» home for poor bootblaoks and newsboys, and those wba havn't got any-will there be enough foi' thRtr "Yet, ample," Madaline said, as she bent forward and kissed bim fondly, " that is a noble object too, my dear, and I am proud of you for suggesting it It shall be devoted to it at once, I, too, revolted against handling this money, but I can cheerfully use it for tuch a cause, and it will do an untold i amount of good ia this way." I So Gilbert Fontaine's hoarded treasure waa aet apart for the homeless and friendless, and many a forlorn little wanderer found comfort, and much of happiness, within the hospitable walls which Bertie's inheritance provided for them ; while the avaricious man who had hoarded it, dellar by dollar, waa buried and forgotten, Auntie Pean, when she learned of thia project, begged to be allowed to have the care of some de- partment in thia herne. Madia and Bertie had wanted to make a nice little house exclusively fer her, where she could live at her ease during the remainder of her life ; bnt she said aha should be lonely-she would not know what to do, ahnt np by herself. It made her feel young, and kept her heart fresh, to have ehildren areuad her. She said she wasn't used to a fine home, er fine thiags, and ahonld be so much happier doiig her old work, ana seeing familiar faces about her. Se, While she was able, they allowed her to have her way, and Aunty Dean continued to be a nama synonymonB with all that was kind, and tender, and lovable, and Bertie and his beautiful mother were always ready to listen to har plais, and help her to carry out every goed work. Roy felt that his first duty, after hit reunion with his wife, wat to go to his mother. Accordingly,, «ne bright morning about the first of July, the quartette at the cottage started for a trip to the far West. A letter had been sent forward, a few days previous, to prepare her in a measure for the wonderful happi- ness awaiting her; but notwithstanding, when they arrived, aha was nearly prostrated again with joy, and received her boy almost as one who had been raised from the dead. But she soon rallied, and proved that grief alone was what had kept her so long an invalid; and after an extended tour of Colorado, and the Yosemite Valley, the happy party all returned to Rochester, and made their home together in Mr, Arnold's spacious mansion. " There is room enough, and I cannot spare either of you for the present," thatgentlemenhadremarked, when Roy had mentioned something about setting up an establishment of his own ; and teeing how his heart was set upon it, the young man yielded the point. ' Of course a great deal of excitement prevailed for a time over Roy's unexpected return, and all that was revealed regarding Gilbert Fontaine's persecu- tion of Dot. But it all subsided after awhile, and they lettled down to a life of infinite peace and con- tent. ' Mr. Arnold would never,; bear one word about a separate home for his children. '. I am growing old every day," he said to Roy. " I do not like the care of the place, and I shall be only teo glad te shift it upen your young shoulders, and the house wonld be so still and lonely withont you and Dot in it, that I could not live here." Se this arrangement finally reenlted in the sale of the Davenport homstead. "Madeline, I have tried to wait patiently-you will not prolong my loneliness," "Ne, George, there la no good reason why we should not be happy now, and you Bhall have your way whenever you like." It was three months after Gilbert Fontaine's death. Miss Stewart, Madie, and Bertie had also been tra- velling for some time ; they had been to the moun- tains ef New England, they had sailed down the broad St, Lawrence and the great lakes, and in fact been to every place where they thought Bertie would enjoy going, and to give him a grand holiday before he should settle down to hard study to make up for lost time. George Toleman had read of Madeline's freedom in the papers, and with a bounding heart he had written at once to her of it-fearing she might not see the notice-and begging for the reward of hia patience. She had replied as only her loving heart could prompt her to do, telling him what had befallen her of late, also of her plans for Bertie's amassment, and that upon her return she should be prepared to devete her future to their mutual interests. And so, upon the first morning after their arrival in New York, George Toleman bad come to hear from Madie'3 own lips the assurance that henceforth they were to be all ia all to each other. It was arranged that their marriage ahould take place immediately, and then they were to repair to another part of the State, where Mr. Toleman, who wished to retire from business, had recently pur- chased a fine preperty. It waa also settled that Bertie ahould be formally adopted aa his son, and henceforth bear his name. The boy begged that he need not continue to bear the name that he always had borne. " It always makes me think of him whenever I hear it," he had often said, with a shudder, to his mother. " What would you like tejhe called, dear f " Madie asked, and aympathiting with bim in this feeling. " Whatever yoarname it I would like mine to be," I he aatwared, and ever after be was known by the name of Bertie Toleman. The wedding took place at Miss Stewart's elegant mansion, and was quita a brilliant affair. Madie would have preferred it to be quiet, but Miss Madeline said, " No she had bean wanting to merry off her niece these dozen years, and now that she was about to accomplish her heart's désira she was going to send her off in a suitabie manner ; sha must have a grand wedding." The bride was superb in heavy watered silk and an exquisite lace overdress, embroidered with seed pearls, together with a veil that was the envy of half New York ; no accessories of dress could enhance the wondrous loveliness of her face, which, for the first time for fourteea long years, wore a look of perfect happiness and content, when her husband lifted her vail and left a soft carets upon her lips, as ho whisptrad bnt one word-"mine." There wat a little wittfulaess ia Bertie's eyss when ho went forward to congratulât» his mother after the ceremony, ' Madie saw it, and whispered with great tact : " Wa can congratulate each other dear, since to-day we have both adopted a new name. I hope my boy will not love me any the less because of his recent honours." A light flashed over his face instantly, for ha knew that iha meant him to nnderttand that abo wa» changed in no way excepting in name, and the momentary jealousy which had risen'to hit heart lett her husband should absorb all her affeotions vanished at once. So admired Mr. Toleman excstdiagly, and they wtra already the best of friends, and during all the yean that they spent together afterward he found him a kind and congenial companion and fatherly adviser. George Toleman had not told Madia much of any" thing about the home to which he was going to take har. Once, when she had remarked npon his reticence regarding it, he said, smilingly : " My darling, you must ask no questions ; you must trust me to lead you wherever I will for this once." " I can go with yon to the ends of the earth with the most unquestioning confidence," she returned earnestly, and lifting her happy eyes to his. Bat ho took Bertie into the secret, and together they planned their pleasant surprise for her. AU that she-knew was that their home waa to be in another part of the State, it did not, after all, matter much where, so that it was shared with him whom her devoted heart had erowaed king of men. Tbey left very aoon after the ceremony. Miss Madeline .was to follow in a day or two; her city residence was to be sold, and she waa to make her home with her loved enes aa long aa aha lived. Late that evening they reached their deatination, where, taking a carriage, a drive of fifteen minutes brought them to the door of an imposing mansion, all ablaze from attie to basement with light, and gar- landed with sweetest flowers. " Weloome home, my own wife,* George Toleman said, at he led har up the marble stept and through the wide-open doer, where she suddenly found herself inclosed within a pair of soft, plump arms, while some one was raining eager kisses upon her face. "Durrie Davenport I" she exelaimed, in astonish- ment, as soon asahe saw who it was, "I thought we left you in Now York with the other guests. Whera did you come from ?" " Why, from New York, to be sure, on the same train with yourself; though I fretted and fumed nearly all the way, beoansa we couldn't come in the same car. Ob, dear I my tongue has fairly ached thesa two days-ever since I went down to help yoa about this great event-just te whisper this glorious secret in your ear; but I promised I wouldn't, and so of course I couldn't," Dot returned, half laughing and half crying, as she led her friend into the beauti- ful drawing-room and began to remove har wraps with her own hands. "Well, I don't see but that I am almost sa much in tbs dark as ever," Madie said, laughing, and not more than half comprehending the situation in the excitement of the moment, though she glanced at her luxurious surroundings with evident pleasure. " Where am I, and what doea all this mean ?" " Well, you tee papa would not allow ua to Bet up an establishment by ourselves," Dot hastened to ex- plain, "and so of course we couldn't use but one home ; so when Roy heard that Mr, Toleman wanted to retire from business and settle quietly somewhere ho wrote to him on the sly to come np here and look at hia place. He did, and liked it at once, and da-, elded that it waa just what he wasted, and I have been nearly wild with delight ever since, besides being so eujoyably busy helping him refurnish and fix up for you. Oh, Madie, isn't it almo-t too good that we are to be lettled almost in each other's aro», so to apeak F" and Dot emphasized her joy with another hng and" kiss, Madeline waa exceedingly pleased alao with thia arrangement, and turned to thank her noble husband with actual tears of joy in her eyes. "It waa very theughtfal of you, dear,"she said " and if my happiness could have been increased in any way, this would add mach to it." And thus those two elegant mansions came to be inhabited again, and by those who were so closely united by the ties of friendship as Roy's and Dot's parents had previously been; and, where BO recently all had been so sadly silent and deserted, happineis and content reigned once again, And when, a few years later, the patter of little feet and the sound of merry, childish voices made music oeneath the grand old trees where Roy and Dot used to play when they were children, the cup of these our friends seemed filled to the brim. Dot's four boys ; Yes, she had her wish after all " a houseful of boys" were " troublesome comforts" it is true, but she was just the one to make the most of them, and yet keep them in erder, in spite of her father's former scepticism upon the subject, with her sunny temperament and strong individuality. " Ray," she would semetimes say with mock stern- ness, and shaking her finger threateningly at him, "don't you ever dare to pick outa wife for asingle one of my boys, for there will be sure to be trouble if you do" " I won't, dear," he would answer, meekly, yet with a sparkle of mischief in his handsome eyes, " unless-I can find another Dot, and then I'm afraid I couldn't resist trying my hand at a little bit of match-making." 1 Madia's two girls were little ladies, sweet copies of their lovely mamma; and Bertie-noble, manly Bertie Toleman, who beoame, aa the yean rolled on, all that his fond mother could wish, was never weary of rehearsing the virtues of " my sisters." It is needless te say that the Arnold» and Mrs. Davenport were content at last in the happiness of their idolized children, while Miss Madeline's old age waa like a beautiful poem in the home of her lovely niece. She grew to almost worship the boy whom she had once so ruthlessly cast out upon the cold world ia order to shield the fair fame, as she supposed, of his mother. She never ceased to grieve for ber sin, as she re- garded it, and once she had broken down before him, and, clasping bim in her arms, had begged him to forgive her for the great wrong that ahe had done bim, A quick flush had mounted to his brow as the re- membrance of his loveless childhood rushed over him ; then he said, gently : "Auntie, I could forgive almost anything that had been dons for love of my mother ; ao it ia all right, and please let us never speak of this again," They never did, but always after that there waa a bond of tender sympathy between them, and Bertie's chivalrous attention to, and affection for " that love- ly old lady, Mila Stewart," aa everybody spoke of her, was a source of wonder and comment wherever they went, t » * « * a * It is like parting with old friends, to draw the curtain, and write "finis" to my story, but we leave our characters with all the aerrow awept out of their lives, and only contentment and bright anticipations for the future before them ; we cannot ask or wish anything better for them in this life, while you and I, dear reader, I know, ara mutually thankful for Dorothy Araold'a escape, and glad to leave her thus surrounded by the tender love and care of a noble and wertby man like Roy Davenport, and so, my friands, I bid you au mur. THS SMB. 