CHAPTER XX.' OHABUE DISCOVERS NEW COUNT11Y. The affecting and trying incidents which had followed each other, in sach rapid sue- ! cession daring the last few yeara, were suffi cient to overwhelm even a stronger mind than Charlie's, and they had snch an in fluence on him that the monotonous bash life he now followed was insufficient to eradi cate its effects. The first of these reverses was the unavoid able desertion of his country, leaving all that was near and dear to him behind; then came his shipwreok, and the singular manner in which he was saved; then followed the loss of the noble-hearted Pamul, with the mourn ful cause of her death; then Melrose's strange and terrible fate, added to his troubled mind, and kept open the wounds which the loss of Bella had caused. This last terrible blow camo, too, at the very moment when his whole mind was filled with jo7 at the hope of every moment expecting to hear of her arrival, when hiB happiness would be complete. In order to bear up under these hopeless reminiscences, and to banish them' entirely from his mind, he resolved upon putting into execution a project .which had for some time occupied his attention. This long-cherished idea was no less than to attempt to explore some parts of the yet unknown interior of Australia. The discovery of Australia Felix, and the many exploits of Sir Thomas Mitchell, had enkindled within him this idea; . . Appointing a manager for his station, he, attended only by Donald, started to the most inland station, which was at the foot of'the AustraUan: Alps, resolving, if possible, to cross that hitherto impenetrable barrier, being under the impression that some good country lay between them arid the coast.' On arriving at the station he heard from, the aborigines that some fine plains and rivers were.beyond' the mountains, stretching out towards the [ ocean; but as. no great reliance could be placed on the accounts given by na tives, no one as yet had undertaken the journey. Charlie could find but one among the whole tribe in whom he could trust for guidance across. This was a strong and in telligent fellow named Quandak, and who, ac cording to his own .report, had once been on a warlike, expedition against the Warrigal tribe, as he called the natives of that dis trict. " As the mountains which they, had to cross were inaccessible for a heavily equipped party,. Charlie-resolved upon proceeding, accom panied only, by Donald and Quandak, taking pack-horses to carry a supply of provisions. After a great.deal of fatigue and hardship, the passage across was successfully accom plished. On orossing the; last of the eminences, a sight burst upon their view which repaid them for all the difficulty they had endured. Underneath them, andstretohing out towards the' sea as far as the eye, aided by the glass, could.reach, lay beautiful plains fringed with strips of forest, interseoted by;rivers rising in the AlpB and discharging themselves into the lakes near the sea. The charming scene reminded them of their native land, and filled them with Buch pleasant thoughts as they had not experienced since they left home. The remainder of the journey was passed with' light-heartednesB and speed, as they travelled over extensive meadows never'before seen by Europeans. Intheir rambles; they suddenly came upon a small encampment of natives, ^ho manifested' great surprise at their appearance. -A^number; of them gath ered around Charlie, feeling him and his horse; but on seeing them dismount they rushed off in great terror,, leaving all their effectB behind them.' - * The small .supply: of provisions they Had taken would not allow them to remain long; they therefore made a hasty return to the settled districts, highly gratified with their explorations. . On his return, Charlie disposed of his sta tion and started off again to the new country, taking with him Mary, several other servants, and all requisites to form a settlement. He led the expedition himself, leaving Donald to follow with the stock. Being the middle of summer the cattle were taken safely across the mountains, and the party took possession of th8 best part of the plains and water courses. . Unable to procure bark for covering in the buildings until the wet season set in, they erected a building, which, although unroofed, would Berve as a stockade or protection front the attacks of the natives, should they show any hostile disposition. One evening, after coming home, and while hobbling their horses, a doctor, who accom panied the expedition, strolled a little dis tance from the Btockade. Being unarmed, the natives, who were in the vicinity, took .advantage of his unprotected state and en deavored to seize him. He fortunately, how ever, perceived them in time, and testing his legs to the utmost of. their power, arrived at the stookade^and reported the case. The party, on seeing the intended attaok.of the natives, took shelter within the building, barring the entrance, and then discovered that the affrighted medico had. eneconsed himself underneath a pile of bed clothes. The disappointed besiegers, who now sur rounded the place in force, were at a loss to know how .to attaok it, seeing no aperture through which they could drive their spears. However, their leader soon devised a plan whieh threatened destruction to all within the place, as they could not'fire upon their antagonists. The plan which the besiegers adopted was to throw their spears into the air; this they did with such exactness that they fell inside the building, and but for the activity of the besieged, their destruction would have been complete. Charlie, annoyed at not being able to re taliate, after a careful search found a small aperture between two slabs, in which he managed to place the muzzle of hia rifle, and on taking aim, beheld the very object he wanted. This was the leader of the party, who was encouraging his men with a joyful countenance. Aware that the fall of their leader would disperse the enemy, Charlie fired, and, as he expected, brought him to earth, which produced the desired effect. An amusing incident took place on Charlie and his party leaving the stookade. An Hibernian, who filled the office of cook, and who was known by the name of " Doughboy," seemed more curious in his examination of the dead body, exclaimed in true Irish brogue :-" By the hole in my coat masther, but it's a mighty polite or decateful rifle that of yours; instead of sending the ball bonldly in the face of the blaok, be dad it sent it round his head, and popped in at his pole." This remark the party foundon examination to have some foundation, for the only wound to be found was in his poll, although they knew the savage was facing them when shot. This mystery was soon solved, for they found the ball had entered his mouth. Nothing of any importance happened to Donald while travelling up with the stock save one, and which we will here relate, as it gave an opportunity for him to gratify his propensity of playing tricks. One evening, just as the party had com pleted arrangements for their encampment, they sawsomething which was a novelty in the bush; it was a rider dressed in black, with a regular English hat (a bell-topper) on, mounted on a black horse, and making towards the encampment. On drawing near, Donald at once identified him as the man who officiated as clergyman on the stations, and was well known by the name of Parson Croaker, but who had been expelled from holy orders on account of his eccentric and unchristian peculiarities, and who was now on his way to Port Phillip in order to im prove his circumstances. Donald, who had already played some tricks upon the ex minister, was not recognised, nor did he wish it, hospitably received the traveller, giving him shelter and accommodation, as no station or place of refuge was near. At the time of retiring for the night, a difficulty presented itself to the parson which had been overlooked until the last moment. This was how to secure his horse, being naturally of a restless disposition and apt to break away, especially as there were horses belonging to the party feeding about, he was afraid that they might entico him away and leave his master in the bush. This was, however, got over by a proposi tion made by Donald, and to which the parson agreed, which was to the following effect that on lying down for the night.before the fire, according to bush custom, the parson was to fasten the end of his horse's tether round his own leg; then, should the animal possess any inclination to stray, hi3 owner ?would have full and Qmple warning. In con formity with this suggestion, the parson and Donald stretched themselves on the earth, placing their saddles under their heads, having their feet towards the large fire, which was constantly replenished by, the man on watch. The ex-minister fastened his horse's tether to his leg, and considering that all was perfectly secure,, was soon fast asleep. Hia long and weary ride, together with this being the first time he had slept on such a hard bed, caused him to have fearful dreams. Donald, who expected to have some amuse ment from his invention, never closed his. eyes, when at last the horses belonging to them came round; on seeing them the stranger's horse made one bound towards them, dragging the unfortunate parson through the fire. Donald was somewhat alarmed at the scene, and was unable for a short time to arrest the animal or liberate his visitor, who, after all, got off with merely haying his clothes and hair singed. The parson took some little time to be oonvinced that he was still in the land of the living. , The task of forming the new station, and of'holding possession against the attacks of savages, now devolved upon Charlie, and' many skirmishes took place between his men and the aborigines, who appeared determined to drive the white-fellows from their hunting ground. Every day fresh. tracts of splendid' country were discovered, and many places hb took great pleasure in naming after favorite spots in his own country. Many, settlers followed in his-track, and took possession of the vast plains and pas tures, which soon formed & strong party to resist the savages. Gharliehad by this time built a pleasure boat, in which he made many excursions among the lakes, accompanied by some of the neighboring settlers and Donald. The first of: these took place one beautifully calm day, when /Donald, having his bagpipes with him, was desired by. his master to play the old fayorite pibroch, an air which he had ab stained from playing ever since the loss of Bella, lest it might awaken sad thoughts in the mind of Charlie. As the rowers measured their time with the thrillling strain, and as the boat glided lei surely round one of the picturesque islets, Charlie, who was seated at the helm, became overwhelmed with mournful thoughts, which were awakened by the favorite pibroch, and the surrounding Bcenery, which forcibly re minded him p£ happier days. In order to hide his grief from his com panions, he turned round and directed his gaze towards the islet thoy were slowly passing. " . While his ey6a were fixed on the islet, hia thoughts carried him back to the soene a£ the Bridge of Linn, when he he hefcrd his lost Bella's endearing appeal on that memor able morning, calling to him-when, hark 1 the, identical sound-"Charlie, dear, save, me," struok his ears above, the strains of the music. With one bound he sprung! up, au'd rushing to the bows, pulled the chanter from Donald's lips, and withlooks of strange wild ness, exclaimed, " Did you not hear her ?" The bewildered company, who concluded that he was under a delusion, asked for an explanation, when he replied, " I am certain it was her voice." One of the party now in formed them that he saw a blackfellowcarry ing a female in his arms into the scrub on the island opposite-, and that she seemed to resist him by screaming out, which was pro bably what Charlie had heard, and, mixed with the sound of the musio, took it for the voice of some.acquaintance. The rest of the company coincided in this supposition, adding that if he had been thinking of some one at the time, the force of imagination would construe the voice of- the Warrigal female into what he fancied he heard.; This argument tranquilised his mind a little, still the sound and the words, with the never-to-be-forgotten voice, was too real to be erased from his memory or mistaken, and nothing but the improbability of Bella being alive could allay or satisfy his mind, nor could he shake off the strange impression caused by the occurrence. : Another strange circumstance happened at this time, which enveloped him still deeper in the mystery by which he was surrounded. One evening, while sitting in his room after the labors rf the day, Donald, who had been on his usual rounds among the shepherd's^ entered breathless, with a countenance which bespoke terror and hesitation, when his master addressed him as follows " Well, Donald, everything all right among the shepherds? No more attacks of the Warrigals, I hope ? Why, you look as though you had seen a ghost." ? "To tell the truth, sir," said;Donald,"if it was not a ghost I Baw, I certainly, saw ' some-" thing approaohing it. But before I proceed any further, I wish to ask a question, which I trust you will answer." "Certainly, Donald, out with it," said Charlie. " Well, then," continued Donald, " I wish to know whether you are (as I have heard) a descendant of the Meoble family ?" " Undoubtedly I am, Donald, I hope you have not seen theCuGlas," replied Charlie. " I'm sorry to say that I think I have," said Donald; "as I was riding across the plain, just now, my horse began to prick up his ears, and look behind him. It struck me first that the blacks were after me, but, on looking round, I saw a dog following me. Thinking it was a dingo, I slackened my pace and drew my pistol to have a shot at him. He then came up to me, when I beheld, in the place of a wild dog a large, grey stag hound, the very picture of poor Bran you left at home, stood before me. Being positive that no such animal was to be found in this colony, and according to the description of the Gu Glas, I instantly bethought myself that you were a relation of the Meoble family, and that he had' followed yon to Australia. After sniffing at me for a few seconds, he gave a whine, and left me." " A rather long journey he must have had, Donald. I thought you had left all your superstition on tne other side of the line,'* re plied Charlie, smiling at his servant's tenacity to Highland superstition. As some of my readers may be ignorant of the meaning of the Cu Glas, Mheobail or Meoble's grey dog, I would just say that an ancient impression existed among the High landers that a sort of follower, or tuliich, was connected with every old family, which, on certain special occasions, made itself visible- such as before a death, or any im portant event taking place, or occurring to a member or descendant of the family. Each family had its own tuhick, in the shape of an animal; hence the Meoble had its Gu Glas, or large grey staghound. Although Charlie did make light of Donald's Gu Glas at the time, he had in a few days proofs of its existence. A party of settlers had formed themselves for the purpose of driving from the neighbor hood a tribe of troublesome natives, who were slaughtering, the cattle, and harassing the shepherds. After scouring the surrounding woods without falling in with the Warrigals, they, on their return, came upon a herd of kangaroos, among which was a white one a great rarity in the colony-rafter which the whole party with their dogs gave chase. The animal flew at a tremendous speed to wards a steep-banked creek that intersected the plains, near which stood a clump ot scrub; but, on his approaching it, a large grey staghouhd sprung out, causing the kan garoo to face the creek, which he cleared at a bound. The strange dog followed his example, and in a short time overtook his prey, which was despatched on the spot; the dog then trotted off towards the forest on the opposite aide of the plains. The astonished equestrians and their out matched dogs, on coming to the creek, were obliged to pull up, not being able to clear it. Ctiarlie Stuart, who was among the leading horsemen, gazed with astonishment at the dog, which none of the party knew, when Donald drew up to his master's side, and "whispered in his ear, " I suppose you will be lieve your own eyes, and me now." Charlie turned sharply round, and replied, "If Bran exists, that is him." " No 1 ncfl" added Donald, dubiously, " the Gu Glas, and no other." (To be Continued.) 