MELBOURNE, (FROM OUR ovry CORSESPONDOT ) ? Saturday Kvpnlng. A special meeting of tho Cabinet will, I underdera-tand, be held on Monday, chiefiy ior tbe purpose of dealing Tvith certain Mini »terial changes and redistribatioo of portfolios, which have been deemed desirable owing to appointment of a Board of Com> missioaers for tbe management of the Victorian railways Ic is generally snpposed th«t, while preserving the nominal position of Miniates o( Railways. MrGflHes will be caller npon toendertake tbe Co amission arshlp of Pnblic Works, tbas .reiierinffMr Pdskin, the Solicitor-General, from that branch of- hls present duties, bat hitherto Ministers hsTs been €itremely.ret>cent as to th?» vrhole matter. So fi?, however, as the representation of the Government in the Upper House is concerned, X have goo4 grounds for tbe belief that a portfolio— probably that of the Post Offix-wiilbe off* red to and accepted by the Hon. James Campbell, M L C. With so many Unes of large passenger steamets engaged in tbe trade between Europe and Australia, it wiH occasion surprise to people when thev a*e told that the demand for berths for the homeward, voyage jost sow exceeds the snppiy to snch an extent that at the prssent moment anyone who desires a speedy trip to the old country would probably not be able to obtain one. This ia, of coarse the time of year-when trips to tbe old world prevail; nevertheles?th3 present ran for berths is something oat of tbe common... A race meeting, under Hie auspices of the Trotting Clab, was held-at Elscernwich to-day, in the fireseaceof a v^ry moderate attendance, with the following results:—HdTdle Race—Ned Kelly, 1; Don •Alonzo, 2; first Try, 3 Matties - Trot—Black Tracfeer, 1; Lnbra, 2., Elwood Handicap—Honora, 1: Priestess. 2;'- Countryman, S. Sell tag Il*ce— Ghost, I; Lepore'&o;,. 2; Quietude, 8- Elsternwick. .Park Handicap—Agatha, Bailleryv 2; Lyons Iiatfy, 3. [BY FLECTRIC TELEGRAPH L Sunday -Evening. The weather to-day has been doll, with-rain threatening bnt the day of mourning for Prince Leopold was well observed, tbe church-goera of both sexes wetting-a band on the arm. Thefl^g'wer<> half-masted on the ahip?, and Government and private buildings, wfth the exception of Government House. -Tbe -Bishop of Melbourne and other.'clerxymen alluded to tbe event in their sermons. The cbnr 'bea, with, a few-exceptions, were not draped in blacfc. Salutes -were firea from the men- of-war, terminating at sonset. In the dnmb-beH aomnetition at the Exhibition 'Bufidtng, -between Professor Miller and Sxmalft Dlnnie, Miller was awarded the victory. In Hie Hawthorn shooting ease the jsry retarned a verdict tantamount to acquitting uawthorn of complicity ia his brother's death. Harris, the engine J river, is slightly better, an^ 