lait* mut ffMáw. THE MINER'S PARTNER. IN rom CHAPTERS.-CONCLUSION. NEVER, before had Ben from mental ex- citement passed a sleepless night; Iiis sea- soned, iron nerves had borne hun through a multitude of perils-from hostile Indians, from white enemies ; from the bear, the wólf, the snake; from fire and flood; and when the time hod come for him to sleep, he slept Boundly ; when hut rough meals were pre- pared, he ate well. But it was different now. The recollection of tho face which confronted his own at the restaurant, haunted him, broke bis sleep into fitful dozing, and filled tbesevm refreshing snatches with terrible dreams. Yet, when the bright morning came, he per- suaded himself that he must have been mistaken-that he bad exaggerated Borne chance resemblance into thc identity of his dead partner. Ben's reflections touched upon what was growing into another dreadful form of mental excitement. He began to fear that he hod not seen the man at all, that it was merely a delusion, a vision of the brain. And that such a delusion should take the form of Hube Steole was not surprising, bearing in mind the fact, which was never long absent from his thoughts, that he bad given this man a blow which, If it bad not, he formerly supposed, caused the man's death, must have very nearly done so. No doubt the blow was struck in self-defence ; but even-murder in self- defence is not a thing which a man can in his calmer moments recall without some sen se of remorse. He was early at thc hotel, and taking Iiis regular seat, waited with a uervouB anxiety, such os he hod rarely experienced before, the appearance of the stranger. He had not long to wait. Almost as soon as he was seated, a figure entered the saloon which there was no mistaking, .and all Ben's consolatory theories os to a casual resemblance deceiving him, fled on the instant. The stoop of the long body anil neck, the crafty glance the mau threw around, on entering, his very stojp-these were all Rube Steele's ; and to tho dismay of Ben, the new-comer evidently glanced round the saloon in search of iim, for the moment he saw him, his face lightened up with a smile, and he came to the table. 'Glad to see you again !' said he, extending a hand which a horrible fascination compelled Ben to Belze and shake ; but the familiarity of the touch was more horrible still. He felt he knew for a certainty, he had touched that hand a thousand times. * I thought mebbe you made this your regular dining location, continued the other ; 'and I have kinder taken a fancy to you.' 4 In-deed !' gasped Ben, wondering as to what would come next. * Yes, I have ; that is so,' replied the stranger. 'I reckon you have not been located in this city very long ?' * Not very long,' said Ben, who had not once removed his eyes from the other's face. 'I came from the West-from the mining country.' ' Possible (' ejaculated the stranger. ' Wal, now, I take a great interest in the mining countries, and like to hear tell of them. Were you from Californy, or Nevady, or' ' Prom Colorado,' gasped Ben, who almost began to fancy that Tie was losing his senses, so certain was he that thc man was Rube, and yet so inconsistent with this belief was the whole of his conversation, especially his liking for Ben, and his anxiety to hear of thc mines. When they separated, it was with another shake of the hand, and a strongly expressed hope on the part of the stranger that they might meet again the next day. Either the critter is a ghost,' thought Bea-' and in that case there are ghosts-or I am going crazy ; or he is Rube Steele ; and I know that is impossible. I won't' go to this hotel any more ; and soon as we get married, Ruth and I will live out of the city, and that is a comfort.' Fortified by this reflection, he was able to bear up somewhat better on this doy, and to accept Mr. Showle'a invitation with a calmer mind. He arrived early at the merchant's house. Ruth came in soon afterwards, and he was pleased to see- that she, too, looked more cheerful. Ruth had relieved her mind, M she confessed to Ben, by telling Um her trouble ; and now he knew it, she felt that the worst was over. It was to avoid her half- ¡ brother, she owned, that she had wished Bin to lire so far from town, and as he had now really arrived, he was glad they had agreed upon this precaution. j They were conversing cheerfully enough, when a knock was heard at the outer door, and Mr. Showle, rising, exclaimed : ' There is Morcdc ! I know his knock. Indeed, lie takes care we shall hear him.-I am sure you will like him, Creelock, and he is very anxious to seo you.-Ah 1 Mr. Morcdc 1 you are punctual, thc» ! Come in, and let me introduce you to our friend Creclock.' Saying this, he shook hands with the new arrival, and led him to where Ben was s lauding. ' I think,' said Mr. Morede, os he took Ben's hand with a smile, ' I am not entirely a stranger to Mr. Creelock. I have had the pleasure of dining with him more than once at tile Ocean fíotme. Yes, he had ; of course he had. Of course he was not a stranger to Hen-far from it, and Ben knew it well : for he was his mysterous companion at dinner, the new partner iu Showle and Bynncs, and Ruth's half-brother, all turning out to bo not only one of tho same person, butwere also each and every one Rube Steele, his treacherous parent whom he had left for dead in Colorado I And why did he not recognise Ben, as Ben had recognised hunt Of all thc strange features in this bewilding matter, this WSB thc strangest. Ben shook hands, os an automation might have done, aud spoke as though in a trance ; the odd tone and character of Iiis replies, and his fixed stare, evidently attracting the notice of Ruth and Mr. Showle. 'Come, Creelock !' cried the latter pre- sently ; 'you ore not yourself to- night. Where are'your missing stories and your prairie .adventures; I have heea praising you all the time to your friend Morede here, as a sort of live volume of entertainment on these matters, and you are not saying a word about them.' 'Mr. Showle is entirely right; he is so,' said Moredy ; 'and I reckon I shall be quite pleased to sit around and hear somethin' alwntthe western mines. I always do like' to here tell of them.' ' Do you ?' exclaimed -Ben, rousing him- self in a species of desperation, and resolving to bring his horrible fortune to a finish. * Shall ftell you on adventure of my own V 'Just so,' returned Morede, with pleased smile. 'I should like it above all things.' 'Then,' said Ben-and his answering smile was of a somewhat grimmer character, in spite of himself, than Morede's had boen ' then I will tell yon how my pardner at the mines introduced a stranger, who robbed me of fifteen hundred dollars. This stranger came, I should tell you, with information about Indians on the war path who were likely to be around our camp. But it was an arranged plot. He was a mean cuss, this stranger ; no or hU friends robbed the placers and broke the stamp-mill. It was either him or his pardner that shot at me from the gully ; and the bullet weut through my hat and cut away some of my hair. That was not the only time my pardner got his desperadoes to shoot at me ; so I will tell you about Atm.' Thereupon, stimulated by the desperate impulse wc have alluded to, Ben proceeded to relate a part of tho plot which had been devised for bis ruin ky his crafty partner ; the incident attendant on which greatly ex- cited, and sometimes almost appalled his hearers, none among whom listened with more palapble interest than did Mr Morede. Ben told all, up to the action of the Vigilantes, but could not bring himself to speak of thc final scene at the pool ; there was -something too horrible in the idea of describing (hal to his listeners. When Ben had finished, which he did by saying, ' What do you think of that, Mr. Morede V and looking his new partner straight iu the face, thc latter exclaimed, in what seemed the most genuine manner pos- sible : ' First- rare, Mr. Creelock ! I admire ?ou. I sec you have tho real gtit ; and I wish had been there to help you in such a fix. But, to my thinking, your partner was the worst of tho two.' ' He was,' said Ben drily. ' And he ought to have had his reward,1 con- tinued Morede. dr, He had it,' said Ben, with increased yncsB. ' Good ! Good !' cried Morede ; and other comments being made, the conversation became general. Morede bore his part all through the evening without a single allusion which could induce Ben to suppose be hod the slightest remembrance of him, or hod ever before heard a syllable relating to the dangerous stranger or the robberies. When they parted for thc night, too, he was particularly de- monstrative in his friendliness to Creelock, making quite a ' smart oration,'as Mr. Showle afterwards remarked, on the agreeable evening he had passed, and the pleasure it would give him to be associated in business, and as he hoped, in still closer relationship with a mau whom he admired and liked so much at first sight as he did Mr Creelock. Ben went home after this speech in doubt os to whether it was himself or every one arouud him that was going mad. Day ofter day passed, and the new partners in the firm met frequently, with no diminu- tion in thc friendship which Mr. Morede had from the first professed for Ben. They did not meet at the botol, however ; the strahl on Ben's nerves was bad enough when they met as part of a group. A tcte-tal-tbte was more than he could stand with a man whom he believed to have killed, but who was" now walking about as unconcernedly as though he had never keen stretched by thc Bide of that Colorado pool. So confounded had Ben been by thc appari- tion, that he had never thought of asking the Christian name of Mr. Morcdc, and it come upon him os a new shock when he received a note from thc warehouse on some business matters signed 'Ruben Morede,' while be could have sworn to the handwriting in a court of justice. This did not increase his certainty, for it could admit of no increase ; he wan certain, and could not'go beyond that ; but it seemed to make the position more dreadful and complicated. Now and then, too, he would find, if he turned quickly round, Mr Morede gazing fixedly upon him-an earnest gaze, as though he were striving to recall something to IUB memory ; and this was not agreeable to Crcelock. He asked Ruth, as guardedly as possible, about ber brother's past career ; but elie knew nothingof itBince he had leftliome. Heltadgone West, she knew ; but bc would not now uttera a syllable in explanation, or even say how he' had been employed. Ben could not press her very much upon the subject, as it was evi- dently a painful one. His departure from home had been caused by some disgraceful, Îiossibly fatal broil-that was clear ; so Ben orbore to question her. Thc day of his wedding drew nigh. Ruth had loft her school ; their homes were so far advanced in its improvements that it would bc quito ready by the time they returned from their trip ; and then-to add Btill greater pleasure and éclat to the festivities-the gallant energetic old gentleman Mr Bynnes paid a short vist to Cincinnati. Like the restless Yankee he was, he hod already sold his new estate at a very considerable profit ; so was now, at seventy years of age, looking out for some fresh investment for Iiis dollars, and employment for his time. He had seen Ben before leaving Cincinnati, and appeared to like him then ; and seeing him a little more at leisure now, he liked him more. The bluff, straightforward, perhaps rough manner, whicnCrcelockcouIdncversliakeoff, seemed to please the old man mightily, and he was never so happy as when in his company. Ben, with his nightmare always oppressing him, had asked a little about Ruben Morede, who he knew was a connection of Mr Bynnes. But the Utter was not communicative about the new partner, although there was a tant- alising hesitation in his manner, which made Ben Slink he could a tale unfold, did he choose. Well, the wedding-day came: and the simple seromony performed in MrShowle's drawingroom, mode Ben and Bath man and vite, i'hea came what answers to- the wedding-breakfast of the Britisher, and-this was on a scale, for variety and display, to put the old country on its mettle, although it was only given by an American - storekeeper. After the first part of the feast was over, Mr Bylines got Ben by himself and insisted upon having a final glass of champagne with him. ' I know you have got just the best wife in the States,1 said the old gentleman -, ' and you are the kind of man to make a good husband, / can see. I feel as glad to BCO little Ruth Aiken happily settled, as if she was a gal of my own -Ido. After all these years, too, to think her brother is going to clear up and quit his tricks 1 I always liked the boy ; but he has had some real bad ways. You asked me about him, you know.' ' Yes, I did,' said Ben. 'Wal, I did not like to let ont agen him.' pursued Mr Bynnes ; ' but it can't do harm now anyway, that I can see. He hos been mining in Colorado, and has been up to some queer tricks there. He was nigh killed by his partner-he was ; that is so.' ' Nearly killed !' echoed Ben. 'Ah! most uncommon nigh,' said . Mr Bynnes. ' Also he was nigh upon lynched by the Vigilantes. His partner found out he was-Rube was I mean-playing him false, - planning to rob and perhaps murder him; so it is supposed from the mark on his head that he hit him down with some blunt instru- ment, possibly a club, and left him for dead at the mine. He was found lying by some of the miners, who carried him to Flume City, and I beard all about it from thc doctor who attended him. It ie a real extraordinary case. He recovered, OB you see ; but bis memory from a certain time hos entirely gone. His boyish days he remembers quite well ; Tint does not appear to have the least idea that he ever went to the mines or was eyer injured. We have tried him in every way;_ but his mind is a perfect blank. Strange, is it nott' .Very strange,' assented Ben, 'who, we need hardly say, was listening with breathless interest, ' His brain is injured, no doubt,' continued the elder; 'for his skull was fractured. The doctor says it is to be hoped that; he will never recover his memory ; for if he does, - he will probably go mod, and do some more mischief before he dies. It is a strange case. Here we are 1 just having a friendly drink at parting.' This was in reply to one or two' of the party who came to interrupt thelengthned gossip, and the conference was broken up.1 0 Often, during eastern trip, , did Ben recur to the strange story he had heard, and often did he debate with himself whether or not lie should toll hie wifo what he had learned ; but he thought it better on the whole to he silent. Xtwas with a great feeling of relief, however, that he found, upon his return to Cincinnati, that Morede was absent, having just left .to accompany Mr Bylines in his inspection of a property in Colorado. In about a week after this time, Mr Showle received a lotter from Mr Bynnes ajmouncins the almoBt sudden death of Morede ! ' And we had a bad time with bim,' said the writer. * Perhaps it was because we came to Colorado he all at once got back his mind ; hut what- ever it was, he woke one morning like a fiend or a wild Indian. He Taved about the mines, talked of horrible things he had done; said the fellows here would tremble even now at Rube Steele's nome ; and we have found ont that he, or some one like him, was known in these parts as Rube Steele, a year Or tyro back. Tell Mr Creelock that he was_ frantic against him. He was sensible enough in Other things ; but he was always calling for his piBtol, and vowed that he would shoot Ben Creelock on sight ! Told me that Ben was the man who had broken his skull and bad set the Vigilantes on bis friends. I tell you Able Showle, it was real frightful, and we were all glad when he died ; though my heart ached for him, when I recollected the bright, clever boy he was ; his mother's only son, too. But he is gone now ; and bad as he may have been, 1 don't think we will tell Ruth of his later life, as he had caused ber a deal of misery, and she don't need to think any worse of him.'* The kindly, shrewd old merchant's advice was followed ; and Ruth Creelock, although she did not feign passionate grief for the half brother who had so injured all who ought to have been dear to him, yet spoke of him with a softened feeling, wlvicU must have been changed hod she known of the deadly enmity which once excited between tile dead mon and her husband. -Chamberí» Jousnal. ' A lady wrote upon a window some versea intimating her design of never marrying. A gentleman wrote the following lines under- neath : The lady whose resolve these words betoken, Wrote them on píaos, to show lt may bc broken. Geography.--Governess-" What part of your body corresponds with an ¡ithmus, Gertie?"-"My neck." Governess-" Toen^ if your neck represents an isthmus, we will suppose that your body is a continent. . What would your head be, supposing it to be surrounded by water except at one partT" Gertie-" Wet !" Bishop Whipple, when in Philadelphia, told this story :-He was Btanding in rapt silence in York Minster, overcome by the grand in- terior, when he was approached by a typical countryman, who exclaimed-" Wall, strang- er, there's one thing purty sartin, the men who put up this here didn't build stun houses for tbeirsel's and old wooden houses, for their God, did they ?" A PaoPEE TOAST.-Alphonso Karr, the gardener poet, hoB offered a bon mot to the world.* He was present at a banquet given by the disciples of Hahnemann, the founder of homoopathy. Toasts were given to the health of every medical celebrity by every- body, when the President reimrbed, "Mon- sieur Karr, you have not proposed the health of anyone." The poet rose and modestly replied, " I propose the health of the Bick." It is said that there was once a superstition among thc Mohawks that some terrible mis. fortune would overtake any one who who spoke while crossing Saratoga Lake. A loquacious woman insisted upou talking while being ferried across, and when safely ovorallicd her Indian boatman on thc foolish belief. He replied that the Great Spirit was merciful, knowing as he did that a white woman could not hold her tongue. " WHAT kimi of cigar is that yon are smoking?" asked the managing editor of the funny man. "It seems to nave quite a variety of smells." And he threw open the window and grasped the fresh ah'. "What kind of cigar is it ?" replied the funny man, looking him firmly in thc eye, " It's a ten cent, cigar." "Not more than that? I should have guessed that it was a twenty scent cigar, at least." ADNT TOWSER OS LADIES AT Oxroitn.-And why the Lorryate'e idle alwut sweet girl , ¡ fradients shouldn't be /ail accontj>lish I don't now. We can't have our rights ell at onee, * but we're a-gctting 'cm by degrees, which the ¡ Oxford Confiscation is now a-going to allow . j women to coinpcat for, in spite of that Dean j Beargone, as uttered thc most mendicions labels on us as I ever did hear. Talk about women being infurrior to meu, indeed. Why, Look at Miniver in thc heathen luithhollowgy -wasn't she the goddcBt of wisdom Î) And the Mewses-wasn't they women? I ain't much of a annakist, but I do go in for tile equality of thc sexes, and my maximum is sex - o' one and half a dozen o' thc other. DocToit O'DPBBLKDOT-" No, sir ; I tell ye it's all nonsense. Even the very air ÍB changed for the worst, faith I and people don't Uve long so they used to in the last century." Mr. Grumptioue-" Why, that's rubbish doctor. I saw the death of two centenarians in the paper myself only last week. " Doctor O'Dubbledot-" Av course ye did, air ; and M did I, for that matter, and I've read of a good many others besides. But just tell me this, sir, if ye please. When were these sams centenarians boral In the present degene- rate century J Not o bit of it, beded 1 No, ?lr. Iv'ry man man of 'em dates back {ron ' the last century, and I defy ye to produce int centenarian born since the union. (Left*'bull". yin») 