Jaw h u-*ijl rs c. She made her responses clearly, as did Desmonid. She listened to the address of advice, the prayer-she was married and noth?ng had happened I Fcr her presentiment of evil had deepened into a great dread of impending calamity. She had feared she knew not what. She had thought it possible. that. Lord Hawkhurst might hear of the in tended marriage and interfere at the very altar." But all was well. She was salely sheltered at last in a good man's love, and at last she had.a name rightfully her own. ' I wish you all the happiness God permits to humanity, dear Mr. and Mrs. Desmond,' said the good old curate, with a benignant smile.. 'May God bless you both.' Thf'e young people proceededi to the vestry and signed the marriage-register. Beryl signed her name Beryl Star Conroy. She . hesitated a little at that last name, hakirig'been about to write it Conyers, but she was now fully assured that Conyers had beenbut a perversion of the.true name of the man she had married in Geneva, and had the impression that his real name .had .been Conroy. Her name too had been.given in the'marriage-license as Conroy, sdit was necessary to adhere to it. ;This .little ceremony over, the friends of the young couple crowded around them with" good wishes and congratulations. It had been decided that the newly-married pair should proceed to Brighton by the early evening.train, leaving London Bridge about dusif In'the meantime, a very fine wedding breakfast, which had been ordered by Des 'mond at .a noted cateref's in Regent-street, would be served at Mrs. Margle's house, and all the lodgers were to partake of it.' Beryl passed out again into the church, clinging to Desmond's'arm. He bore 'her weight, proudly, a gravely tender look on his face. \ *My wife I my wite I' he whispered, as she paused to button her little velvet jacket closer. ' You belong to me now, and I shall sber you from every rude vind. Speak to~me. Never call me 'Mr. Desmond' again, but whisper to me, darling, these words,' my hus band '!" , ' Berj'sfacecrimsoned andhereyes drooped, but shsaid the words he desired to hear : 'Noble, my husband I' \ SHe drew her arm again in his and led her down the aisle to the entrance. They passed out together into the street. They were to return to Mrs. Margle's alone in the first car riage- their friends to follow in the remaining .carriages. The cabman sprang down at sight :of them and opened the door of the vehicle. At that moment a carriage, with a crest upon its panels, drawn by two high-stepping horses,-and attended by a coachman in livery upon the box, and two footmen in livery at the bacl,\came slowly along the street, going toward Oxford street. In the carriage were seated a-gentleman and lady, both faultlessly attired. The equipages in front of the church, the little throng at the portal, caught the attention of the gentleman and lady. They both looked intently in that direction. The carriage was that of Lord Hawkhurst. The gentleman occupying it was Rollyn Dane' Conyers. The lady was Octavia. ' Look, Rollyn,' said Octavia, in a lisping, affected voice. '.A marriage, I do declare. And the bridegroom is Noble Desmond, as I live i But who is the lady ? She's not in white, and she's got red hair, actually. Who-is she?' . Dane Conyers looked at his deserted young wife, who believed him dead, and grew white: as marble. The bridegroom did not notice the passing carriage,- his cabman having addressed him at that moment. He helped his young wile into the vehicle, sprang in himself, gave the order 'Wells street,':and they droveislowly on their return to their lodgings. " Uesmond put his arm about his wife, with some whispered words of love. She did not reply to him. .. .Her form seemed strangely relaxed. Her head had drooped suddenly to her.breast. He lifted it and looked upon her face. , She was in a deadly swoonrher face ghastly in its pallor, her eyes half open, and a look of horror frozen into, their 'lepths! ' , . ... "..': .. \ CHAPTER XXVIII. THE carriage of Lord Hawkhurst turned into Oxford-street and proceeded westward, becoming lost in a throng of'vehicle's;. 's the bridal party went. eastward. Conyers still sat with a face that looked as if cut from marble, with staring eyes,' and terror-stricken visage. Octavia regarded him in amazemerit. 'What is the matter ?' she asked .sharply. ' Have you :taken leave of your senses ? You look as ifydouhad seen a ghost.' ' I-I . am .ill I' gasped Conyers. 'A sudden spasm 'ot pain--atmy.heart. Don't speak~to.me 1'........ ..... ' If you are ill, we must go home, I sup pose,' said Octavia ungraciously. ' And I have so much shopping, to do in::..Bond street-I must see the jeweller-can you not go home without- me ?' = The guilty, miserable main opposite her looked very haggard iand worn, 'with.'a' gray. color creeping over his face' and'a -desperate look in his eyes. Guilty as he was, he minight almost have been deemed worthy of. pity.' in , that moment, when the- woman for whom he had sianed so deeply exhibited sutchheartless disregard of his suffering. ' Let me alone,' he. said. ' The fresh air -may 'do me good.' He leaned back upon his cushions, his face half-hidden in the fur collar of his overcoat, his hat drawn oirer his brows. Octavia bowed right and left wit iling graciousness, to acquaintances on fhot, for her circle of friends was already' quite large-and the carriage turned into New Bond-street. Octavia made her -visit' to. the jeweller's, and while she wis tlhus occupied Conyers drove to a quiet little place not far distant and procurred a glass of brandy. His nerves strengthened by the quick stimulant, his coolness and courage began to return in some measure, and he was able to command his ;thoughts. SWhile the waited 'for Octavia' at tli jeweller's 'd0oor, hhad ample tim"to con\ sider the startling event of the morning. Beryl had come to England, while he .be lieved her toiling for her bread somewhere on the Continent. She had believed him dead and married again. Her second husband was Noble Desmond; And, to crown all, she had seen him, her first husband,. Dane Conyers ! Was ever a more astounding series of events ? •ItWhat brought her to England'?' he asked himself. ' How did she get acquainted with Desmond ? Did she find out my relation ship to him, and so apply to him ? Did she go to him as her lawyer? Did he.think her a widow? The name of Dane Conyers, although he knew me as Rollyn Conyers would naturally have fixed his suspicions on me. What a look of horror flamed up into her eyes as she recognized me I - What will they do now? Arrest me for bigamy? They looked as if they had been getting married. They might have. asisted ..it a wedding simply, however. I. must know. If she has committed bigamy also, then,- perhaps,: I have no need to fear her or Desmond. Next Saturday, Donald Dinni;, the' Highland athlete, and Professor Miller, the Australian, will contest in the Exhibitions Building, Melbourne, for the wrestling championship of the world and £100. The steamtug Herald, belonging to Messrs.: Blue Brothers, foundered on Tuesday morning off North Head. The vessel was eteaming s betweent the -Heads, a look- out being kept for the schooner Mal colm, which she was to have towed into port, when suddenly her bottom appeared to burst in; and she sank in a few.minutes. Fortunately the water was smooth; so that the crow,: consisting of Captain George Hall and an engineer, had rio difficulty in reaching harbour in-the dingy belonging to the vessel. . By the schooner Jessie Kelly, which reached Port Jackson on Monday afternoon, from Noumea, 'now was brought of the reported murder'of the mato and a boat's crew from the schooner Alfred -Vittery whilst recruiting at the island of Ambrym. :The French schooner Telegraph, .which , arrived at Noumea whilst the Jessie Kelly was there,' brought the news. ' "A serious accident occurred at i Glen Innes on Monday night to a man named Robert Edwards, commonly known as Bob the Soldier. It appears that Edwards, who owns a shooting gallery, hap pene to cross the line of fire just as a'peason was aimin at the target. The bullet stiuck the un fortuna man just above the groin, and'he was re moved to he hospital. Drs. Wrigley add Taylor entertain little hope of. his recovery. Joseph Zab 'ns, the young man who fired the shot, has been arrstedt J ' The Crcuit Court opened at Wagga\Wagga on Monday bbforo Mr. JuStice Windeyer. David Nes bitt was charged with' having set fire to a house in the occupation of Alfred Gain at North Wagga. It appears that on the night of the fire the accused, who was said to be intoxicated, was found. sleeping on the verandah of the house. On being'aroused he made use of several stupid expressions. ' The y, after a short retirement, returned with a vor of anuittal. At a niceting of theo Victorian Cabinet on\Mon day, arrahgements wero made for having as day proclaimed as one of mourning in conjunction with the other colonies if possible. It was also decided to issusc large card, to be displayed in the State sohools', ?roughout the colony, in the following words :--" To the memory of the good- Prince Leopold, youngest son of our beloved Queen. Born 7th April, 1853, died 28th MIarch, 1884." It is considered that this simple notice will be. better than a more formally wordrid one. As the kesult of an intervibw with the ,Hon. James Service, his Excellency the Governor has undertaken to consult with the other colonies/as to a day of mourning for the death-of the Duke of Abany, so that it might be the satme throughout Australia. The signalling branch of the Victorian Railway Department have now applied the interlocking sys toem to all the more important junction stations. Tht cooper's strike in Sydney has terminated, and resulted in-.the men accepting the terms offered by the mAsters. The journeymen have, however, the option of working either eight or ten hours per day. - Tawhiao, the Maori chief, and -his--party left" Wellington (N.Z.) for Sydney, on Tuesday, en route for England, in order to lay the grievances of the Maories upon the native land question before the British Government. ' " Information has been received by thboe detootivo in connection with the Pettavel murder, which con firms the suspicion that the escaped criminallunatic, Bourke, is the murderer of Francis Beech. Bourke's clothes which have been submitted to Mr. Johnson, the Government analyst, disclosed they were soiled with human blood. The date supplied bythe Yarra - Bend authorities show that nb fewer than fiv.oe times Bourke has managed to e npo from custody.: Johnri Wood,- of the Sl.-Charles Hotham Hotel, Geelong, was fined £50' on Monday for having a - brandy- colouring. decootion in his bar. T: hBallarat City coi?il has decided to borrow £10,000 fornprovemen s at the cattle-fards. ,The loan is to raised ot debentures redeemablo in eight years, a 5 per cet. - • The right to Tatte all's at Mudgee for the'en-' suing 12 months was'sold by auction on Monday, and-fetehed the largo.flgure of £160. Telegrams to the Cootamundra Herald states that Mr. James", Watson stands for the ' Gundagai electorate. ' Mr. Colonna Close, barrister-at-law, -passed through Queanboyan on Tuesday, and announced his intention to stand for the electorate. We (Cootamunidra Herald) are informed that the survey ior the Lake George water scheme has been completed as far as Yass. ' The handicaps for the Bathurst Sheffeld Hcndicap' .has been published. H. McDarra, Sydney, has yards ; T. Pursehouso, Wellington, 10 yards : "Buckingham," Goulburn, 11 yards; "' Parkinson," Goulburn, 58 yards; and H. T. Vernon, -Goulburn, 14 yards. - SNo. names are at present mentioned as canidates - for the vacancy, in the Gundagai electorate (says the Times) we uderstand efforts will be to induce eith. .r. P. J. O'Donnell or M ijam s ,Crowe to ciOqsforward, and failing oithel of those gentleman the Hon. G. H. Reid will be ajpplied to. The Birmingham trade in idols is brisk. A thou-;: .sand glass gods have been -imported into Burmah- - from Birminghlam. They cost Is. 6d. each, and sell for noealy 10s. - - . At the Brisbane Police Court, on Saturday, Denis'. - Siblane, who has been in custody for several weeks past under a charge of being a French escapee, was discharged.- -Siblano resided in Australia for several years and arried an English woman. He 'boro generally ar ectablo halractr... The oFranch Consul has state to the Bench that had hoe been aware of all th6 circumstances of the ease he woild not have applied for the Goveinor's warrant in the first instance. ' The-jury in the Alfred Vitteiry case, tried at Brisbanio, on.Satutrday, returned aiverdict of gcilty in thei case "of Grime's for imnaislaughter of.? the mulatto boy who was thrown overboard. Priscier was recommonded to mercy, the remaining five - prisoers.- being acquitted. - Grimes wats remanded - . Victory Company, Charters Towers, crushed 620 - 0tons 0.for 1h0oe. , -A.,rionf land in the coutes of Wallace and lel, p shes of CoonoonbulaJimibuen Tongaroo, Napo, Bobundara, ·Bulgundara, M?ar rinumbla,, R aIdiffra, Ironmongry, !Bungarby, and: Peters, area abolit 300 sqltaro milescls, been . proclaimed a gold-field, to be called f the. Sunny River gold-ucld." It cominenqes onthe let bankl of the Snowy River at the south-west corner of portiin' No. I61, parish of BufIlumldar, comlity of Wallace. - - The following particulars of a contract on ' a southern road, entered into for the convey: ance of Post-office mails on.a new line, from the c6th instant, lIave been published: Contractor, Charles Smith road, Williams-. dale receiving office and Mr.- John :McPhere son's, qld" Birr?a Station, 6 miles, twic~a - week; annuitamount payable to contractor, - j2ao; date of termination of contract, 31st December, 15884' A . .WALTHAM LEVER WATCH in n lish- ' Hall marked hunti ? , an uaraeed perfect time and workdnship, sent any address, carriage pasi..r..-eceipt ?f post ?lice order for J3 ios. W. W.V ICHARI SON, Jeweller, Goulburn.?ADvT.. - Printed and publisbed by Tonaus DAh'g., solo proprietor, at the Evening Penny Post Print: log Oeo, 'Auborno:street, Ooalbral n 