The Desperado and (ho Puritan* ABOUT the year 1651 the most influential man in San Antonii wag an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to Ban Antonio with a fearful record. Ho enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respeoted accordingly. While he was in Ban Antania be did not re duoe the oensus at all, but that was not his fault.' lie bad a Deductive way of drawing his eighteen>inoh Arkansas toothpioh and ex amining it critically with a sinister smile! while humbly requesting the temporary loan a! 96. Thus was it (bat Bob want about j acquiring wealth and warm personal friend*, bat creating do funerals. There were rumora that Bob was playing blufl, but tbat wtf attor lie bad matched away. It was during tbo reign of Bob Augustine, " the lunt;-rango 1 oaier ul Calaveras Canyon," as be familiarly oallei himself, tbat a young man from Boston, named" John Winthrop, cam<! to Ban Antonio, presumably in search ut health, as he brought very little with him. He was far gonu in cunBumption, and nothing but the fact that he had but a short time to lint, unless tbo climate of western Texas 1 saved him, induced him to come to 8m Antonio. As everybody carried ft pistol, ' Winthrop did not care to insult public de cency by going unarmed. Besides, such a oouihc might as seriously interfere with his restoration to health as patting on a clean shirt. , Hia Puritan training oaused him to revolt at the idea of oarrying firearms, so ho w sorted to artifloe. He wore a holster, {iut, inatcad oi keeping a piBtol in it;hp h^dl(Ua cash funds stored away fn it, and nobody was the wiser for it. On the contrary. Win- ,, throp was looked up to by the beat oitiims just the same m it be was loaded down with ? deadly weapons. Oi course, everybody .tried-' - to make the stranger from Massachusetts led as comfortable** if he was at home ;.«o lie wan told all about Bob Augustine, the' I|D^g-' . ranRed roarer, at least ten times a da^. Atu}. he was advised not to be particular in asking seourity for the debt in ease the rttsrtr wanted to barrow a email loan, nnless he {Wiixthtdp) i;: did not wish to regain his health. ? Tbo long-ranged roarer sauntered Safe NVinthrop's room at the hotel, bat bBfoie the desperado could ;open his mouth or ,dr*w fc weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw iMejt his eoat, and with trembling fingers tugged at , his pistol bolster to get at bis money to :tf< pease the woald-he assassin. On the other < hand, as soon as the roarer saw Winthrop^ trying to get out his pistol be turned'.. pale as a ghost. The alleged desperado's knees knocked together, the oold sweat boiled MtoU: over him, And be extended bis hand end sail . v tremblingly: - : i . : ? I "Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee. I wssr only trying to tool you. Uy bold 1"ksnr»» '. heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teaoh you »lesson. Never let fcny durnsd galoot get tbe'drop on yon. If anybod/ In sults you just tell them that Bob Angustine, the roarer, is yonr friend." Winthrop, who was more soued, if gqt sible, than the roarer, replied: . . .V. " Oh, I'll give you what you want,"and kept on tugging at the holster, whioh aatoe unbuokled. v . With a yell of dismay the desperado rawed out through the window, oarrying off the Bash, andran down Commodore street, the' principal thoroughfare, with tbee&sh; onhis neck, howling, ')Polios! polios!5'<«l<>eely pursued by Winthrop, who kepto&'iuggbtjis' at bit bolster, trying to get oat nis Ofttttr. as believing that the desperado was .tank) his room to procure a ahot<gnn with -, to commit murder. AH that aftar&xfti; 1 throp kept on hunting the warta'.l obase peaoe on any terms, attdths&fi; himself to avoid tbe, pistol 'of 'jt^e . man. Next mnrning the^Jfg-w * of the Calaveras oahyon was i Winthrop was ttja liooof the dayd run 08 tbe terror of the Alamo f 