WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1884. To satisfactorily define the intricate relations which exist between Capital and Labor — to destroy the oppression of the one, and to prevent the tyranny of the other— to unite the two hostile principles in a common friendship -by bringing into action the all-powerful influences of mutual dependence, self- respect, and fair-play — these are three difficult social problems, the solution of which has taxed the efforts of both the leading politicians and most pro- found philosophers of the day. The relations' between Capital and Labor have been accurately defined and elaborately explained by every stan- dard writer on Political Economy that has flourished since ADAM SMITH published his. Wealth of Nations, and, though different conclusions have been drawn by various authors, we may safely assert that the result of their labors has been to convince the general public that the subject is one of paramount importance to the well being, and even the safety, of any State. The examination into the nature, duties, and inter-acting influ- ences of Capital and Labor have lately been elevated to the dignity of a Science, in which preliminary instruct- tion is now given to boys in the higher-class Schools, while at the Universities it is now a recognised branch' of the curriculum. All this will serve to add to the ' Dignity of Labor,' and, no doubt, will eventually help to bring Capital down to its pro- per level, and to raise Labor to an equal position. In the early days of European his- tory Capital was contemned, just as much as Labor was despised, ' blood and rank' being thought the only things of importance. But, after- wards, Capital vigorously and un- ceasingly struggled for her own rights, and is to-day a far more powerful fac- tor in the world, for either good or evil, than are the combined influences of either birth or rank. Since then Labor, too, has begun to assert her rights; and, although in some few portions of the civilised world the hostile parties have agreed to occupy neutral ground, yet in some the war is still being desperately waged, while in others it is only just commencing ; and, unfortunately, the last-mentioned position is the present condition of affairs in Western Australia. It is a remarkable fact (though one which is still but little recognised by the public at large), that skilled labor has now risen to an equality with the ' learned professions,' both in social position and pecuniary results. An ordinary skilled artizan can, and does, annually earn a higher amount of money than the greater number of clergymen, lawyers, and doctors ; while he is in a far more independent position than are his, so-called, more learned brethren. An ordinary duly trained skilled young artizan has no difficulty in earning from £3 to £4 per week afi the year round ; he hag no ' position' to keep up ; while his working clothes cost him a merely nominal sum each year. Contrast his position with that of a curate, a young lawyer, or a village doctor, who are compelled, to ' keep up appearances ;' ana which one is the better off? Again, the prizes in the industrial world' are quite equal to, or even surpass in value, those generally offered in the ' learned professions.' Mr. Speight, the pre gent Chief Commissioner of Bailways in Victoria, entered the employment of an English Bailway Company as a boy in the very lowest grade of manual service. By energy and in dustry he has attained his present distinguished position, in which he receives a salary equal to that His Excellency the Govqbnob of this Colony enjoys. This is only one illus tration of the dignity which Labor has now attained ; and is it likely, we ask, when such is the case, that a skilled artizan will any longer allow himself to be ground down under the heavy heal of the capitalist, whose fortune he has assisted to make ? Such, however, is not the case in this Colony. Here the employer of labor has always been known to treat his men with both kindness and liber- ality. Owing to the smallness of our population, and to the difficulty an employer finds in obtaining suitable men for his work, it is evidently to his advantage to use every reasonable means to keep them in his service; and, as a matter of fact, it has been but very seldom that any notable dis- satisfaction has ever arisen in West ern Australia between master and man. Lately, however, some discontented persons have tried their utmost to put an end to the amicable feeling which has hitherto existed, between, Capita.1 and Labor in this Colony. Just about twelve months ago some agitators tried their hardest to start a Trades* Union in this City, the only result being that their efforts were extin guished bj the flood of derisive con tempt then poured upon them. But, since then, they have evidently failed to learn wisdom in that school to which they evidently belong — and that is, to the proverbial School of Fools — and some of them have actually attempted to form a Trades' Union in Fremantle, the main ob- jects of which are the obtentation of higher wages, to be accompanied by less work. But we would remind our local operatives that but very few of them are ' skilled artizans,' and that though their skilled brethren may obtain higher wages in other places than they receive here, their work is not of the same value, - and cannot, therefore, in all justice, com- mand a similar price. Some men there are, however, employed in this Colony, who could get as good wages as are obtainable in any other place in the world; but, 'cocked up' by the idea that their employers cannot do with out their skilled services, they throw legal agreements to the winds, and try to make themselves masters of their own employers. This is a-fatal mistake for them to make. In this Colony Capital and Labor have hitherto gone hand in hand; the employer has been liberal, the workmen have been industrious and obedient. Let but - the operative raise his hand against his employer to destroy the amicable state of things which now prevails, and he will but too surely find that he will bring himself to 'hideous rain." In this Colony employers have great difficulty to fairly cover their ex- penses, while their servants get ade- quately good wages without fear of any responsibility. In other words— Western Australia is not yet wealthy enough, nor sufficiently populated for workmen in this Colony., to, :deteruiine their position from that which their comrades occupy in other inoro ad vanced settlements. Therefore, ~«b sincerely trust that the honest opera tive will at once $epora^ Mmsellfconi the present agitation—bis : Lpse§ent value is fully' recogtiised, .and h© it amply paid.J- If, 'however, artkans persist in running, their beads ^against a brick-wall by tbe formation of - a Trades' Union, in Western Australia, we most fervently hojpe that every employer of labor will not hesitate 4o invoke the utmost power o£ibe law to reduce them to obedience. Xbr.here there, is no 'oppression' on the part of Capital, and, therefore, any attempt , ( ( at ' tyranny' . on the side, of- 'Labor - i - ought to be rigidly, suppressed. ? Enjoztho the most equitable, delici ous, and healthy dimate in ttie world, and situated; upon the banks of the most tieautif ul river in1 the Colomea ? Perth most certainly on0ii Jsopa to become the Bournemouth of : Australia, and the Cannes of theftonthecnjEIeini? sphere. Years agoit 'was thehatujh»l custom of English medical area 4o advise consumptive patients 'to « try a 'voyage to Australia as ? Hie 0m, resource.' ' Australia*' then meant, owing to the limited .geographical knowledge of our Contioent-Isiand, either Melbourne or Sydney, and Hh» poor patients were sent out to these plaoes — like sheep sent to tbe slaughter-yard— only to meet with certain death. It is due to, the ,ps*« sistent efforts of -the la.be 6^%^ son, of Melbourne, that this laUaey, or— we might almost ss^-^jpraelty, was thoroughly exposed. That talented; medical gentleman most conclusively demonstrated . that ?' both Melbourne and Sydney wero about the Very worst places to Which a consumptive patient ought to -be sent, He was irigh&j; for, strange as 'it may appear, -tfeat disease, which is so much dread«d In the Mother Country, is more vapidly fatal in Victoria, New South Wales, and Tasmania than even ia England. In the latter country a- consumptive patient, as a rule, fingers for years before death terminates his earthly existence; but, in £he before mentioned Colonies, the sufferer generally lives only as many weete. For instanoe— in Tasmania the victim will generally succumb within fron three to four weeks; in Victoria; H&& dread disease will usually nto its fatal course' within three »oaib»; while in Hew South Wales Ba person afflicted with tabBToajtofils survives the attack longer than six montiis. ;: Ja. Western Australia, : however Jfa* result is very different. la HJs Colony phthisis rarely occurs even among' those who have emigrated from the United Kingdom, while, fa persons who have been born herejfhe w-pd 'consumption' is powvetav the shadow x of a 'shade,' as iajfhe fe&rdi; ehevot to an English schpol-Tioy* %Bnt we can go even sfciftr ftirtSer.^and safely assert thai, except in extremely ^0 desperate, cases, -our.: genial climate affords, an almost certain cure to pythisicat patients. We have known or -persons living in Victoria who lift*) atiaoked by the disease in questwn) ja its severest form. They were sentto tills Colony, where they fended with tubercules on their Jung* «*iU dis charging their putrid contents. With in a few months the discharge ceased, the dbaces dried up, and those whose lives were onoe dispaired ot are ;:bo,w enjoying an almost superabundance of perfect health. . .?:... ..;._.; Bat our climate is aot only a pro phylactic for consumption-; it also offers unrivalled advantages for those invalids to* recuperate their strength whose health has been broken! 4qvq by the insidious dangerous iniluBnees of a tropical climate, enoh as that of India for exampls. Here the patient would fail to feel either the intense ^k. tropical neat of the Indian summer, or the extreme cold of a Viotorian win ter; but, rejoicing in an almost un varying climate, ne would speedily be restored to robust health. Such being the case, the woader is that our Colony has not long- : ago become the grand sanatorium of both the Southern Hemisphere and India. The reasons, however, are obvious. The knowledge of the peculiar -exeel-. iencies of our climate have not been spread abroad as they ought, while, the public accommodation we are even now able to offer invalid Tkutws. is of the most unsuitable and. unsatufaotoiy description; and. id our disgrace be it said, this latter objection holds, truer for Perth than for any other of our chief towns.. As to . hpw_ this reproach upon the fame of our ' Fair City' can be removed, fi^WwiU deal with upon, anotb W OQcMott, REMEMBER THIS. If you are sick Hop Bitten will surely aid Nature in making you well when all else foils. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from any other of the numerous diseases of the stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if yen remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such com If you are wasting away with any form of Kidney disease, stop tempting- Death this moment, and turn for a cure to Hop Bitters. If you are sick with that terrible sickness Nervousness, you will find a ' Balm in GHead' in the use of Hop Bitters. If you are a frequenter, or a resident of a miasmatic district, barricade your system against the scourge of all countries — mninj-i'fl] epedemic, bilious, and intermit tent fevers — by the use of Hop Bitters. If yon have rough, pimply, or sallow skin, bad breath, pains and aches, and feel miser able generally, Hop Bitters will give you fair skin, rich blood, and sweetest breath, health, and comfort. In short they cure all Diseases of the stomach. Bowels, Blood, Liver, Nerves, Kidneys, Bright's Disease. £500 will be paid for a case they will not cure or help. Druggists and Chemists keep. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can be made the picture of health, by a few bottles of Hop Bitters, costing but a trifle. Will you let them suffer. 'What lady or gentleman would partake of Iitdxax Txas impregnated with iron for noloring, blended with scented willow-leaves from Japan, when they can ha?e the choicest pickings, unadulterated, from the celebrat ed gardens from our first pioneers of Old John Boll at Is. 6d. perlb ? — See Advertise ment. Benefactors.—'When a board of em ment physicans and chemists announced the discovery that by combining some well known valuable remedies a most wonderful medicine was produced, which would cure such a wide range of diseases that most all other remedies could be dispensed with, many were skeptical; but proof of its merits by actual trial has dispelled all doubt, and to day the discoverers of that great medicine. Hop Bitters, are honored and blessed by all as benefactors.' Read. Yotr Cak Bx Happt if yon -will stop all your doctoring yourself and families with expensive doctors or care-alls that do only harm, and use Nature's simple remedies tor all your aflmPTitu, you will be veil and happy and save great expense. The great eat remedy for this, the great, wise, and good will tell you, is Hop Bitters. See. Trial by Jubt. —Much has been written about doubtful verdicts, but when the jury is composed of the most intelligent persons throughout the world there can be no doubt as to the validity of their judgment, and the verdict of each persons is that Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder is the best that the world produces. [Advt.]—Holloway's Pills.—Health or Wealth.—No same person would hesitate an instant in the choice between these two con ditions. Now is the season to secure the former either by restoring or confirming it. These Pills expel all impurities from the oyetem which fogs, foul vapours, and vari able temperatures engender during winter ; this madicice also acts most wholesomely upon the skin by disgorging the liver of its accumulated bile, and by exciting the kid neys to more energetic action ; it increases the appetite for food and strengthens the digestive process. The stomach and liver, with which most disorders originate, are folly under the control of these regenerative Pills, which act very kindly yet most effici ently on the tenderest bowels. Thb Oks Thing Needful nr The Wns of a colonist is that she shall know how to make good bread, cakes and pastry, and to teach her servant to ' do likewise.' In order to perform this feat she mast be sure of her leavening a jent, and to this end ?he should eschew all those preparations of unknown makers, and use only such articles as Berwick's Baking Powder, which for nearly 40 years has stood the test of use in every part of the inhabited globe. Those who aim at the more artistic branches of culinary art, should try the Gold Medal Costard Powder, which is said on good authority to produce the most delicious custards, blanc- manges, &&, with out eggs, and at half the usual cost. No store should be without a good supply of these two article*. — Advt. Wohak's Sphere. — There are few men now so benighted as to believe that woman^s mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words: 'To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a costard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwiok -fe Sons, who, for her convenience, have produced theircelebrated ' BakingPowder' and Gold Medal 'Custard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable brood, cakes, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble ; whilst, with the Utter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most delicious custards, blanc mange*, Ac., at half the usual cost GHOSTS. — An attempt is being made in in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are' the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, how ever, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: 'How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread?' for, oi all the ghost producers a bit of ' heavy' bread is the most potent It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the Barest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powdei in making bread; for although it won' ' raise ghosts,' it miU raise bread in thi most admirable fashion. Every wi» storekeeper has it by him, and every gooc housewife buys it A CUTE ANIMAL.—The chameleoi reckons himself a clever little beast becaus he can change bis colour, but Judson' Dyes will change the hue of any materia! Jodson's Artists' Black gives a ' new dres euit' to firegrate and fender. Judson! Gold Paint turns old picture frames an cornices into new ones. Judson is a Alchemist, and the ChemisU, Stationei and Storekeepers are his agents. Weston's Wizard On. and Magic Pm ?—Have cured more wonderful cases - Bhamatiitn. Gout, Neuralgic Acliet, Pain Swellings, Caked Breasts, Burns, boaU and Salt-Bheum, upon the human fram than all the pretended remedies have aim the world began. These Great Americi Medicines are composed of vegetable 01) healing gums, roots and herbs ; and a like a charm upon pain and inflammatk —Advt. fgf H Charles Dickens, Lord Macau ir Miss Braddon were to be employed lie their descriptive powers in describri the wonderful relief dyspeptics derive fn using Cross's Ihdiomtion Drops woi would fail them to point out all its merl This can only be done, and is done those who have used them. Bead 1 Testimonials in another part of the paf Fmm ass Boos, beetles, inse coaches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophi jack-rabbits, cleared out by 'B°JJ£h Sate.' 74dl Moses, Moss & Co., Bydi General Agents. Mothxb Swan's Wobit Sybttp.— fallible, tasteless, harmless, cathartic; feverisnness, restlessness, worms, coi pation. Is. Moses, Moss & Ce., 8yd General Agents. Wills' 'Eocoh ok Cobns.' — Ask Wells' 'Bough on Corns.' 7fd. Q relief, complete permanent, cure. & warts, bunions. Moses, Mobs & Co., 8yd General Agents., Saturday's football match on the Recrea- tion Ground, between Mr. E. Shenton's team and the Rovers, resulted in a draw. The game was well contested and there was some excellent play on each side. We learn that it is probable the Duke of Manchester, who is now on the voyage be- tween London and Melbourne, will visit this Colony in the course of a few weeks. The important case of the City Council v. Messrs. J. C. Fleming and J. Manning, J~T anent the mucii-vexed ' balcony question,' . . will be heard before the City Bench this '=V (Wednesday) morning. with A distinction and a difference. The credit and balance of the Frcmautlo Municipality soutl stands at j£29l odd. By the last statement eccuj of the City Couucil accounts the overdraft ,,uai- stood within a shade of £70. In America there is, what is called, the garter snake. But a modest girl always blushes when the reptile is named, and delicately alludes to it as the ' limb encir- cling ophidian.' We have been requested to state that a paper chase will start from the High School on this Wednesday afternoon at ten minutes past four, at which all members of the Rovers and Football Clubs are invited to attend. We regret to learn of the death of the viz.: third son of Mr. Alfred Okley, of Carine, near Perth, which occurred, owing to a severe attack of fever, on Saturday last. The deceased was in his fourteenth year. The Assembly Ball, which was held in the Working Men's Institute last Saturday evening, was fairly successful, that is con- sidering the very limited notice that was afforded of the event A similar public entertainment will be given in the same place on Saturday evening next. Another of the People's Free Entertain- ments was held last Saturday evening in the Recbabite Hall, which, we are glad to jo say, was numerously attended. Next Satur- day a similar treat will be offered to those who may look forward to a couple of hours' innocent amusement—free of charge. From the Gascoine we learn that the (who river commenced to run on the 16th ultimo pnva and that continuous heavy rains have given it the velocity of 'a banker' ever since. The s™11 season for depasturing purposes in those *oaA. parts is spoken of as being the best within rla2* the experience of the earliest settlers. Last Sunday the Rev. Mr. McNeil, B. A., held an Evangelistic Meeting in the Town ^f^ Hall. The body of the Hall was densely crowded, fully six hundred people being present. One conspicuous feature of the service was the solos sung with exquisite taste and expression by Mrs. McNeil, which proved that she is possessed of no ordinary powers of elocution. In a communicated sketch of the new be so Governor of Victoria appearing in the Brisbane Courier of April 4th, it is remarked Th that Sir Henry Loch is a man of command- fence ing aspect, of ready speech, and is connect- tion. ed by marriage with several noble English an oi families. He has some children, and is the watei author of a work on China, as well as land several pamphlets and is a great authority from on sea fisheries. The weakest point in the land defences of Australia (observes the Sovcth Australian ^r^ Register) is that no attempt has yet been made to secure King George's Sound against ^rt , attack. That spacious harbour might readily be seized by a foreign Power, and fial. become the point tTapput for armed raids on 'f^' the whole of the Colonies. Federal action will probably be taken by Australia as a whole to fortify this harbour, a work which is altogether too large for the resources of the Western Colony. In his recent course of lectures to the young on Alchemy in its relation to modern science, Professor Dewar, F.B.S., exhibited some very striking experiments at the Royal ? Institution in London. One of them illust- rated the story concerning a celebrated priest of the Fire Worshipers of Persia, who made many converts to his faith by allowing molten copper to be poured upon his body and suffering no injury from the operation. I ** To show how this might have been done the Professor carefully washed his hands in distilled water, and while his right hand for remained moist he plunged it into a mass of molten lead in the presence of the privy- audience. The vapour formed by the moisture on his hand prevented the metal from even actually coming into direct con- i_ tact with the flesh. The experiment was xi twice repeated with the same impunity. of fr Of the pending Fortescue-Garmoyle freel breach of promise case—referred to in are timfa cent telegram—the London correspondent 40 y of a Sydney contemporary writes : — 'It is the stated by some authorities that the writ has vPit] been actually issued, but this is denied by others. £50,000 certainly seems a large Ma^. sum, and it is very doubtful whether any jury would award it Judging from a . _ worldly point of view the young lady is acting unwisely in not accepting the pecu- niary solatium offered her by the Cairns rerl family. When one reflects, however, upon are i the behaviour of Lord Garmoyle towards gras her, one can understand how bitter her feeUngp must be. Not the slightest hint was given to her that Lord Garmoyle did avei not intend to fulfil his promise. In the port middle of the week he went down to visit Miss Pinney and her mother at Brighton. He remained there a couple of days or so, and on Thursday evening parted from her tj, in his usually affectionate manner, thus keeping up the appearance of fidelity to the very last. On Friday morning Miss Finney received a letter from his lordship, '--» in which he informed his blue-eyed dad- rer ine' that all was at an end between them, and His mother, he said, had fretted se persis- beu tently ever since the engagement was enter- ed into that he felt it his duty to her to break it off. The conduct of the parents has certainly not been straightforward. If they had steadfastly set their faces against the match from the first it would very likely soon have been broken off but, in- stead of that, Miss Finney has been receiv- ed into the family as the future daughter of the house, while, at the same time, the ' parents have been unremittingly working UPJ upon their son's mini to break off the I match.' I 1 ? siti OOB SALE, ANT SIZE 1 : I J£- ? coi CHROMOGRAPHS, capable of prodoc- fin ing fifty impressions. Apply at this in Office. r I t A LVAEENGA'S COFFEE Jj PALACE, Packenham Street, Fremantle (next door to F. Mason's new Jeweller' ™ shop, at 'The Corner.') Dl Will remove to more commodious pre- ' mises in Henry-street, on the 1st of June ™j next. s I H. R. ALVARENGA informs the in d I habitants of Fremantle and the public 3i n I that he has opened a Fashionable Ref reah ?s I ment Room in the premises adjoining Mr. g ' J F. Mason's Jeweller'6 Shop, and that he I will study the requirements of customers, q no matter how small the order, by of srivine them his best attention. The premises have been fitted up to suit the business, and there is convenience for ^ supplying refreshments to families and travellers ensuring privacy and accotumoda- tion. There will be ready at all hours tea, coffee, cordials, pastry, cooked meat of f ci every description, and English ham. Hat £ dinners will be prepared every day at a very moderate cost, to meet the require- - ments of persons engaged in their occupa- , ly, tions at a distance from their home. The to I charges will be extremely moderate, andwiU 1 ng 1 require a laree support to make the venture ( OT remuneration. The proprietor confidently rda expects that this support will be iccorded £r himTand oeaures the public that no poms will be spared, on his part, to give aaticfac riZltian. Moreover, the proprietor would fche intimate that having had considerable -er experience in this Une in large towns *, toSd he is confident that his ers, management will meet with approval. on During the summer months the excur iey, sionisteto Fremantle by evening tram will I find this Saloon very convenient for the .In. I purpose of obtaining refreshment. Tnr I There w01 also be prepared U- order, to Jti 1 persons wishing to avoid the intonvenience «„ I of cooking in summer, Dinners, which will y' 1 be delivered by the servants of this I establishment to any address. for I ||gp* An efficient staff of waiters in £* I attendance. ^ £ AmjoWGA. ' Iney' I Proprietor. Packenham-street, Fremantle. FARM AND VINEYARD, &c;, FOR SALE. lat well-known Farm '1IADDING- !,' coHtainiug two hundred and eighty \- acres, nearly all of which is enclosed a £ood substantial feacc ; a good dwell louse of six rooms ; a six-stall stable ; barn, with boarded floor ; a stockyard, good shade and cart-shed ; Summer Winter Gardens. Situated six miles 1 of the town of York, and now in the mtion of Mr. James Wansbrough. A ter of an awe of Vineyard stocked with ?a- vines and fruit trees. Abundance of 1 water the whole of the year. Also tcres in cultivation, well fenced. For culars, apply to DANIEL WANSBROUGH, Guildford. ITON'S PASSENGER AND PARCEL COACH. [E above conveyance will ply regularly between York aud the liiiilmiy Ter is, Chidlow's Wt-ll, throe times a week, SAVE YOL'iC every Tuesday, Thurs aad Saturday, at half-past six, a.m. 1AVE CHIDLOW'S WELL Railway linns after arrival uf train, about noon, in«f at York on the evenings of the ^-mentioned days. uure seats early by telegram or letter. '. parcels should lie addressed, 'i'er ton's Coach.' rk, March 11, 18S4. COUNTRY HOTEL PROPERTY FOR SALE. JUNCTION OF GINGIN AND VICTORIA PLAINS ROADS. JAMES MORRISON has received in- structions from Mr. John Cockman (who is retiring from business) to sell by private contract, THE VICTORIA HOTEL, situate 31 miles from Perth, on the main road to Gingin, Bindoon, and Victoria Plains. The Hotel is well and substantially built of brick, and contains 11 rooms, not includ- ing kitchen, store room and cellar and servants' room; 12-stalled well-ventilated stable and loft ; barn, and cart-shed. There splendid supply of water all the year round, and the freehold around the Hotel consists of 50 acres (more or less), all fenced with good 3-railed fencing, 12 acres of which under cultivation and used as a garden, The FURNITURE, UTENSILS, &c;, to be sold with the property at a valuation. ALSO,— The WANDEMIER BLOCK, of 40 acres, fenced, 8 acres slabbed and under cultiva- tion. This block is admirably adapted for orangery or orchard, as the permanent water is on the upper side of it and the land is plentiful and rich and sheltered from frosts. ALSO,— 8000 acres Leased Land on Ellen's Brook, being good pasture and well watered. STOCK. — 40 head (more or less) quiet CATTLE ; 200 (more or less) HORSES in bush ; and small flock of GOATS, This property is suitable for a young man fishing a good start. The house has always been the chief stopping-place of the Plains, Gingin, and Dandarragan settlers, is much required, as there is no other between it and Guildford, a distance of 22 miles. For terms, apply to Mr. JOHN COCKMAN, Victoria Hotel ; or JAMES MORRISON. March 10, 1884. TO THOSE SEEKING SOUND IN VESTMENTS IN WESTERN AUS TRALIA. JAMES MORRISON has received in structions from Joseph Shaw, Esq. (who for family reasons intends leaving for Europe about September next) to offer for sale by private contract (and if not sold privately will be sold by auction on a day to be hereafter fixed) the following varied valuable properties : — 1 -CANNING TIMBER STATION. 11s property consists of about 866 acres eehold in the Hills, and 10 acres of lold at the Canning Landing. The ler concession extends over a space of ears in time, and 100,000 acres in area, Government rental being moderate. \i this lot will be included the Tram 3 and tramway rights, Buildings, and hinery. 2— THE WOODLOES ESTATE, 50 acres (more or less) freehold at the ning Landing, with frontages to the :h- Albany Road. Upon this lot there 1 good country house, stables, couch s paddocks, garden, etc. 3—REMAINING CANNINGTON LOTS, aging \ acre each, and heing the unsold ions of the Townsite of Cannington. stores, landing, and Cannington Hotel all on portions of Caunington. 4— SHAWS ORANGERY, This valuable block of rich land lies close to the Railway Line, extends back to Messrs. Ranford and Simpson's Tannery, and is within a mile of the Town Hall, Perth. Improvements — 3 good cottages buildings, 360 orange trees (eeveral ig in bearing), and other fruit trees. 3 whole in a very high state of cuitiva 1, admirably suited for market garden Area about 14 acres — with large stages to streets and roads. ? 5 -MONGER'S LAKE PROPERTY, being Locations A2 A3 and 391, containing altogether 275 acres (more or less), with the Railway intersecting the upper part and the Subiaco Railway Station at the upper end. 6— PERTH TOWN LOT N146, ;h newly built Cottage thereon, and ice available for 4 other building lots ; sate in Beaufort Street, Perth. 7— PERTH SUB. LOTS 12, 13, 14, 15, staining over 16 acres of soms of the est garden land in Perth. Will be sold one or more lots. Occupied by B. daam. 8— PERTH SUB. LOT 38, with Cot ge and Buildings thereon, and contain g nearly 3| acres of excellent land seupied by John Marriott. 9—PERTH SUB. LOTS 43, 42, 45 1, contents 1C acres (more or less,) cul rated. Good Dwelling-house and out lildings. Occupied by F. Desprez. Th ast Perth, or Kensington Station, is 01 ie opposite side of the road, and this pro -rty is surrounded by the Kensingtoi elvidere and S. Kensington estates. 10—PERTH TOWN LOTS X 33, 34 i 36, 37, with Cottages in Brown Stree 11—PERTH TOWN LOT W 6 i -eaofort and Stirling Streets. 12—PERTH TOWN LOTS L 5, HAL F 6, AND A PORTION OF 4, wit frontages to St. George's Terrace an tazaar Street. This property ndjoius tl Bank of New South Wales, in St. George Terrace and fronts the Recreation Groun nd Perth Water in Bazaar Street. 13— PERTH TOWN LOT F 3, wil tontages to St. George's Terrace and Hi Street. A magnificent property. 14—HOUSE AND ABOUT 7 ACRES OF LAND AT NEWCASTLE, former he property of the late Dr. Growse. 15—PORTION OF PERTH TOWN LOT P11 in Pier Street, with 2 go Cottages. Joins the Government Print- ing Office. 16—Perth Town Lots V 89, 90 and I in Marquis Street, with two good cottn; thereon and garden land. 17—Freehold Estate at Wanneroo, all fenced and well watered. Contents- 1500 acres (more or less), being Swan Locations 107, 718, and 998. House 1 out-building, fenced with 5 wires and rail. Really a good paddock, and, wit little outlay, might be made a most v; able property. The above properties have always been considered amongst the most valuable Western Australia, and do not need further comment. For further particulars apply to J. Shaw, Esq., Perth ; or — JAMES MORRISON Stock, Station, and Land Agent, Perth and Guildford, W. A. January 10th. THE HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY ] OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA. J Patron—His Excellency Governor Broome. Patroness—Lady Barker. President — fc Mr. Justice Stoue. Vice-President — u E. C. Fauntleroy. e The SPRING SHOW of Floicers, Fruits, ii and Vegetables, $c, will be held in the Town Hall, alx«ut the third week iu OCTOBER NEXT, when the following prizes will be ofierod for competition :— T CLASS A.— PLANTS IN POTS. 1st 2nd Prize Prize 1 Ornamental, limited to 12 varieties 10 0 10 0 !' 2 Ornamental for Table decoration, II 6 varieties ? . ??? W0 5 0 3 Sow or rare plant, not previously exhibited ?- — ' C ? , 4 Conifers, 6 varieties ... ... 10 0 5 0 A 5 Uoiloctiou of viitnts indigenous to this Colony ? W0 50 C Single plant indigenous to this K Colony ? 5 -» * « ai 7Crotoua ? 7 0 2 6 . 8 Cacti ? £0 ; B n 9 Climbing plant ... .. ... '' | ?- n IU Plant in basket or banging pot ... - G - o l 11 Ferns, not less than 4 varieties ... 10 0 5 0 12 Fern, single specimen ... ... SO — — OI 18 Foliage, 6 varieties ... ... 10 0 6 0 w 14 Foliage, single specimen ... 5 0 ? 15 Single plant of any variety show. ing care and cultivation iu IE sisse, slupe, and beauty ... 10 0 SO ^ CLASS B.— PLANTS IN POTS AND EN ' BLOOM. P I Sew or rare, not previously er- oi hibited . ... ??? Is ° w ° C- 3 Any kind, 6 vareties ? 15 0 W» j, 3 Single plant of any kind in bloom, , showing care and cultivation '6 2 0 tt 4 Pelargoniums, fancy, 6 varieties... 10 0 SO 5 Pelargonium, fancy, single sped- « men. 6 Pelargonium, zonale single, sir n i varieties ? 5 0 20 ?? 7 Pelargonium, zonale single, one ' specimen ... --- ??? 2 6 —~ VI 8 Pelargonium, zonale doable, six varieties .. ??. ??? 5 0 2 6 9 Fuchsia, six varieties -. — ISO 10 0 10 Fuchsia, best single specimen _ showing care end cultivation SO 2 G 11 Cinerarias, 4 or less varieties ... SO 2G SSEfiS' _*- ? :.: ' *? CLASS C—LIMITED TO AMATEURS. 0 1 Any kind, 0 varieties ? 1« 0 5 0 2 Any kind, single specimen, show. ing core *''* cultivation in shape, aize, and foliage ... 5 0 2 6 3 Pelargonium, fancy, 3 varieties ... 5 0 2 0 4 Fuchsia, 0 varieties ... ... 1° ° 5 0 5 Fuchsia, bast single specimen showing care and cultivation 5 0 2 6 CLASS D. 'I I Collection of Cnt Flowers, ex hibiting taste and design in — arrangement ... ... 10 0 S 0 |' 2* Pelargoniumns, fancy, 6 varieties 9 0 2 6 3* Pelargoninmns, zonale single, 6 -. varieties ... ... ... SO 2 6 J 4 Roses, best collection. Prizeoffer e-i by Dr. Waylen ... 1 0 0 ? 5 Hoses, 6 varieties ... ... 10 0 5 0 6* bulbous and Tuberous rooted Flowers, 0 varieties ... SO 2 6 7* Carnations, pink and picottees SO 2 6 # 8* Gladiola, 0 varieties ? 5 0 2 6 , 9 Ponzies, 12 do ? 6 0 2 6 F 10* Petunias, 6 do ... ... 5 0 2 6 L 10 Stocks, 6 do ? S 0 2 6 n UVerbenna.6 do ? 5 0 2 6 ' 12 Bridal liouquet ? 7 0 2 6 n 13 Bond Bouquet ... ... ... 5 0 26 n 14 Collection of Bush Flowers, ex hibiting taste aud design in arrangement ... ... 7 6 S 6 /? * Only one truss must be exhibited of each 2: variety. 1 CLASS E.— FRUITS. 1 Collection of Fruit ? WO 50 ° 2 Oranges ? 10 0 6 0 3 Lemons ? 7 6 50 4 Loquats ... ... ... 5 0 2 6 O 5 Strawberries ... ... ... 5 o 2 0 6 w™.»nn« ... ... ... 5 0 2 0 CLASS F.— DRIED FRUITS. 1 Collection of Dried Fruits ... 10 0 SO - 2 One box Raisins, not less than 141b 10 0 SO 3 One box Zonte Currants, do ... 10 0 5 0 CLASS G.—VEGETABLES. 1 Collection of Vegetables, each er- j hibit to be a specimen of ] good cultivation ... ... 15 0 10 0 1 2 Potatoe, best Kidney variety, six j lbs. ... ... .- 10 0 5 0 j 3 Potatoes, 3 varieties, other than 3 Kidney, u lbs. of eadi ... 15 0 10 0 I 4 Asparagus ... ... ... 5 0 ? j 5 Beans (Broad) ... ... ... 5 0 ? I 6 Beans (French) ? 5 0 ? I 7 Brocoli ... ... ... ... 5 0 ? I 8 Beet ... ... ... ... 5 0 ? 1 9 Cabbages, 3 table varieties ... 10 0 5 0 2 10 Cauliflowers ? 7 0 2 G \ II Carrots ... ... ... 5 0 2 6! 12 Celery ? 5 o ? 13 Cucumbers, ' brace' ? 10 0 SO 14 Leek ? 2 0 ? ?5 Lettuce... ... ... ... S o ? 10 Onions ... ... ... ... 5 0 ? 17 Parsnips ... ... ... 5 ° ? i 18 Pens ... ... -- ??? 7 G 5 0: 19 Salad Vegetables ? 7G 2 0 1 20 Spinach. ... ... ... 5 0 ? ^ 21 Turnips ... ... ... 5 0 2 0 22 Any new or rare Vegetables ... 7 0 5 0 CLASS F. 1 1 Rest Olive Oil ? 10 0 ? ? 2 Do Six bottles Assorted Pickles 10 0 SO 3 Do Six bottles Assorted Jams 10 0 SO 4 Do Six bottles Bottled Fruits... 10 0 5 0 RULES TO BE OB&EBVED; BY EXHIBITORS. 1 — All articles for competition mu t be in the Hall by 10 o'clock a-m.. except such * as are brought from a distance of 9 miles, which will be received until 11 o'clock, provided they are entered previous to the Show. 2\. Printed numbers will be provided J for the articles exhibited, and exhibitors ( are requested to see that all articles have J these attached, otherwise they will not be i noticed by the Judges. 3\. — Exhibitors will he required to j forward, two (2) days before the show, to ; the Secretary, in writing, a statement of all articles they purpose forwarding, e ther for exhibition er competition : if for competition, specifying the class for which they compete. After being placed in the \ Secretary's hands on no account will any alteration be allowed. 4.— Necessary assistants will be admitted with the exhibitors until 9 a.m. ; but dp persons whose services are not required in that capacity will be allowed to enter. 5\. — All parties must leave the Hall by 10 a.m., excepting members of committee Mid those especially engaged by the committee only. 6, — Each lot of fruit, flowers, or vege , tables to be the produce of one garden, i and to be exhibited in the name of the L I grower. 7.— All the exhibits to be considered the I property ot the committee for the time \- I being, and to remain tmtoqehed nntU die \- 1 close of the Exhibition, without the . I written order of the Secretary. g. ? The J adges shall have the power of , withholding prizes from any article not \- considered worthy ; awarding or reducing , I the amount of prizes according to merit e I 9. ? No exhibitor shall be allowed to 1 1 compete for more than one prize in the \- ( same number, i, 10. — An entrance fee of Is. will be charged for each exhibit ahown by nou L, I subscribers. t. 11. — No person exhibiting shall in any n I case attach his name or any other mark, I other than the number furnished by the F Secretary, to any article he may exhibit, h previous to the decision of the Judges. d | 12. ? No bouqnets or ornaments of any ie description to be made up in the show-roem. -8 ]3. ? Boxes forcut flowers will be provid d, ed suitable for holding Bix or more speci mens, and application must be made to the th Secretary for them at least one day previous iy I to the Exhibition. 14 —The Exhibition will be open to the IS public from three o'clock p.m., to 5-30 p.m ?ly and re-opeued from 7-30 p.m. to 10 p.m. 15\. ? Subscribers only admitted free. N Non-subscribers will be charged Is. ad od I mittance at 3 o'clock, and Cd at 7-30 p.m. it- rS' Attention is drawn to 'Rule 0, which will be strictly enforced; and any )1, breach of this rule, if proved to the satis - ;es faction of the Committee, will render the 1 exhibitor liable to be disqualified for com all cctine at this or any future show. 3— ALPIN F. THOMSON, ran Hon. Secretary, ind Perth, Mny B, 1881. top j ? h a I /COGNAC BRANDT.— One of tho bes Ju- J V- and largest Shipping FiruiB in Cogna » is prepared to give specially favorafol ieen 1 tenns to lavge Trado Buyers. Write i-. B in the first instance to M.P.K.G., 1 Secthin tj,er Lane, London, England. ?Plv TJtOB. SALE,— Several new Carriages - Jt? new design, three new Carts, tn second-hand Carts, and one second-ban Dray. Apyly to k. LEVI GEEEN, Coach Builder, i Hurray-street, Perth. INTERCOLONIAL ADVERTISING t L — — I Having been appointed Agents for the ! foi/tft. Aiistmlian Register and Observer -? lewspapers, we desire to announce that j very description of Intercolonial advertis- ! Dg can be arranged for thrcti«h us. STIRLING BrOS. ; r PURCHASERS AND OWNERS OF PIANOS. It is a well- known fact that every year a irge number of pianos are runied by being a trusted to incompetent tuners. Briusuiead & Co. haro much pleasure in I anouiicin:; to the public of Western 1 Lustralia that they have arranged for MR. A. C. GRIGG a devote his entire services to this Colony, ad have much pleasure in recommending ira as a thorough and skilful tnuer^ agulator and repairer, ho having; last year een selected (from among the most skilful f the hands employed in the Briusiucad orks) to this post. A systematically tuned piano is of such npoitanco to students both of singing and j lusic that Brins'.nead -fe Co. feel justified l bringing Mr. Grigg's abliti'G as a tuner romincntly before the notice of the public f Western Australia, and they have cvary jufidcuoo that their enterprise iu furnish lg Mr. Grigg's valuable services will be lorouglily appreciated. Clients requiring the services of Mr. rrigg for single or annual tuning are re uested to apply to Brinsmead & Co., at leir Pianoforte aud Musical Instrument Warehouse, William Street. Perth. November 5, 188? COACHBIMLDER MACHINIST MURRAY ST., PERTH. (FT ML OKIHCILS 4TTR\ti!- TO V I III DESPATCH. PUBLIC NOTICE. toodITskeet (From London and Sydney), Painters, G miners and Decorators, Plum bers, Glaziers, Paper-hangers, Sign Writers, -fec, DESIRE to iuform tho inhabitants «f Perth and the Colony in gcucrai that they have commenced business iu the above lines opposite tho Perth Convent, where all orders entrusted to them will receive every attention. The best workmanship and material guaranteed, combined with moderation in charge. jtSg* Note the Address — TODD & SKEET, Godorich-otrcet, Perth. FILES OP THE INQUIRER may be seen for reference at the Library of Messrs. B. Stein & o. n Perth and Fre mantle. rnder tlic Patronage of His Excellency the Governor, F. Napier Broome, Esq., C.M.G.; Bxs How the Chief Justice, Sir Thomas CumjibM, Bart. His Honor Mr. Justice Stone, Vic Hon. the Colonial Treasurer, the Postmaster General, Captain Smith and the ichoUofthe Police Force in the Cohny, Hie Police Magistrate, Perth, Vie Water Police, and the Artillery Volunteers. BLENDERSON& ABBETT, rASHIONABLE TAILORS AND HABIT-MAKERS, BUk.Y STREET, PERTH, W.^k.. P3T ARRIVED from England, the PATENT ACME MENSURATOR. It is an Instrument for taking, retaining, and transferring a true model of the figure and lacing in the hands of the Cotter the means of producing perfect-fitting Coats, Vests, ?adies' Habits, Jackets, Bodices, &c.; Its action is simple and certain, ho matter what lay be the ahape — proportioned or disproportioced. Round or hollow parts are dicated and transferred with absolute certainty ; thns relieving the Cntter from all xiety as to square, drooping, or round shoulders, &c.;, &o.; Also the very best materials, comprising Black Cloth, Doe Skins, Diagonals, Fancy Joating, Black Serge, Navy Serge, Worsted Cord for breeches, Fancy Tweeds and 'rimmings of the very best description. Just received a quantity of summer tweeds, fancy coatings and Shepherds plaids f the best qnality. r JBSS' Directions for self-measurement forwarded by post to country customer n application. 8®- AN INSPECTION INVITED. Perth, March 19, 1884. MARSHALL SONS, & CO., (LIMITED), Britannia Iron. Works, GrAINSBOROUGH, E]--M^AJ-?I-. 'fhUHjyfi«& *1£§lite Tl/T ANUPACTXTRE RS of Portable Engines fflW^&^^M JML from 4 to 35 horse-power, Vertical ^M^/^^^ElbviJ ?*M- Engines from 1 A to 12 horse-power, Horizontal llii£lraSi£llit!L H\, Engines, High Pressnre and Compound, 3 to t^W^WgsBgSrWMa^ f* horse-Powen Traction Engines and Tlirash fll i ffiTJi^Tlraim^r iffin iL? 'ng Macllines specially adapted for Colouial g^B^lnM^^P^Sjgg'^ requirements, Show Elevators and Corn ^gSBgs£Eg§|£§!^g^g£ Grinding Mills, Sawing, Winding, aud Pauip ^paHPMMEIjfll. »'g Machinery. OVER 11,000 ENGINES MADE AND SUPPLIED. UNEQUALLED SUCCESS IN THE COLONIES: 1880— Sydney International Exhibition: Two Special and fonr First Prizes. 1880 — Bathurst : First Prize for Thrashing Machines and Special Prize for Engines 1880 — Melbourne Show : Two Gold and two Silver Medals. 1880— Ballarat: First Prize for Engines. 1880 — Auckland, N.Z. : First Prize for Engines and Thrashing Machines. 1881 — Melbourne International Exhibition ; Highest Award for all exhibits Fiv- Gold Medals. 1881 — Christchurch, N-Z. : First Prize for Engines and Thrashing Machines. 1881— Dunedin, N.Z. ; Do. Do. 1881 — Sydney Agri. Show : Silver Medal (Highest Award) for Portable Engines. 3881 — Mudgee, N.S.W. : First Prizes for Engines and Thrashing Machines. 1882— Christchurch, N.Z. : Two Gold Medals for Portable aud Vertical Enginss. 1883— Sydney A$rL Show : Silver Medal (Highest Award) for Portable Engines. 1884 — Calcutta International Exhibition: Five Gold and three Silver Medals fo Engines and Sawing Machinery. ^p Catalogues and full particulars on application to Messrs SAN DOVER & MAYHEW, Merchants, Fremantle. For Softening, Preserving aud Waterproofing HARNESS, BOOTS AND SHOES, Sec, ALSO FOlt OILIXG CARRIAGE AXLES. ? i'or Nourishing the Leather and. producing a. iiiiiinnii ion»u. For Maintaining a Beautiful Black. May be ordered through anyjHeuse in the Trade, cither here or in the Unitrd Kinudo n. VANNER & PREST, Manufacturers and Patentees. London. HOBBUGK'S Patent White Zinc Paint. UBBUCK'S Pale Boiled Linseed Oil. tfBBUCK'S White Lead Colours, Oils and Varnishes. UBBUCK'S Prepared Liquid Paints. JBBUCK'S Anti-Oxidation Composition for Ships' Bottom UBBUCK'S Paints, Oils, and Varnishes, CAREFULLY PACKED FOR EXPORTATION. BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS OF THEIR NAME AND TRADE MAE ? £*2*& THOS. HUBBUCK&SON;, /^%, i £$?!?£§ OH, PAIHT,AKD COLOUR WORKS, fWgf: d ^-flK^^ 24' Lime St' E C'' and H'bbuck's Wharf, Ratcliff, ^W— ^0 TRADE ^MARfG LONDON- tAADE MAS A SKILFUL SlBfilOAL OPKRITIO.V. U T'uh American Atiihr.ssntu.r :.f Vieiitin. lit-. Kasson. hasiafcl. forwarded to liia GovcrnuKut an initrieiiiii^ ;:ccuuut «»f a i SO rciunikaiili: mii-j ?? ,, .iS'iu lately ptr formed by Professor Biilroth, of Vieuiia, which, wondurful to teil, cousisted in the -Pn rom.val ..f a portion of the human K-nHi.-.i;ii, iiiviiUi::.' i,:;irly one-third of the organ — and, strange to say, the pa tient recovered — the only successful oper- MC ation of the kind ever performed. The disease fur which this ojK;i;:iion was |ier- An formed was cancer of the stomach, attend ed with the following ayitn.toius : ? l'ue 'VT- appetite is quite poor. There is a pecn- i- ' lmr m.Jf.-oi!b;i.'Io (iistrrss ill lilt; Kt.njiuch luov a feeling that has beeu described as a faint coni 'all yon?' sensation ; a sticky slime co!- dari Jects uijuut the teeth, especially in the was morning, accotnpauied by an unpleasant extr taste. Food fails to satisfy this peculiar oi * f'aiut sensuiion ; but, ou tho couirary, it *'*' appeara to aggravate the feeling. The dnd eyes are sunken, tinged with yellow ; the c'm hands and feet become cold aud sticky ? a real cold perspiration. The sufferers feel tired yet all the tisne, aud sk-ep does not seem to hatf give rose. After a time the patient be- P*5'1 comes uorvous and irriuhle, gloomy, bis tlles mind filled with ovil forebodings. When ^ .' risiug suddenly from a rcciiiubcnt position t'jel there is a dizziness, a whistling sensation, 8en' aud he is obliged to grasp something firm !'TCI to keep from falling. The bowels costive, 'mP the skin dry and hot at times ; tho blood tnc becoming thick and stagnant, and does 3ot not circulate properly. After a time the effo! patient spits up food soon after eating, oftl sometimes in a sour and fermented coudi- °* * tion, sometimes sweetish to the taste, be'1 Oftentimes there is a palpitation of the Quc heart, and the patient fears he may have cow heart disease. Toward the last the pai- COD tient is unable to retain any food whatever, ^°l as the opening in the iuteEtines becomes tnal close, or nearly so. Although this dise.-.so ^7 is indeed alarming, sufferers with the ?ay above-u&med; symptoms should not feel ''° nervons, for nine hundred and ninety-nine ^e ' cases out of a thousand have no cancer, ^ut but simply dyspepsia, a disease easily re- tha' moved if treated in a proper manner. Tho P611 safest ami best remedy for the disease is *an- Seigel's Curative Syrup, a vegetable pre- to paratiou sold by all chemists and medicine &*! vendors, aud by the proprietors, A. J. mu White, (Limited), London, England. This f°n Syrup strikes at the very foundation of ™f the disease, and drives it, root and branch, tn® out of the system. mai Waterloo House, London Stile, cas- Chiswick, February 17, 1832. SW£ Messrs. White and Co., London. no' Gentlemen. — It is with great pleasure tne that I add my testimony to the wonderful wh effects of ' Seigel'a Syrup.' Fur years 1 Aui have been suffering from bilious attacks, P6* which began with giddiness ; then a mist P611 would come before my eyes, so that I ?* .' should not be able to recognise anyone, or 'W auything at a distance of a yard or two *he from my face. This would be followed hel by excessive trembling of my kness, so ~? that I could not stand without support ; * ' after which a severe headache would occur P^ lasting overtwo or three days. I hare tried mu various remedies for these distressing sym- ?** toms, but until I tried ' Seigel's Syrup' *}{ I had no relief. Bince then I have had . excellent health in every respect, and if in' ever I fesl a headache coming on I take sr5 one dose of the Syrup, which arrests it. *ld Hoping that this testimonial may be the means of inducing others (who suffer as I f8. used) to try the Syrup, as I feel sure they fan will receive speedy benefit and ultimately °°* be cured, I beg to remain, yours faithfully, w A. H. Homos. tU£ East-street Mills, Cambridge- heath, P°! London, E.G., July 24th, 1882. no1 ' Sir, — It gives me greatpleasure to be UJ^ able ♦ o add my testimony in favonr of your valuable Syrup as a curate agent. mo I have suffered for some length of time ~? from a severe form of indigestion, aud the ed long train of distressing syinptoms follow- uu. ing mat disease, i have tried all possible ' means to get relief, by seeking the best tnc medical advice. I had a wallowed sufficient on- of their stuff to float a mau-of-war, so to f?r speak, but all to no avail. A friend of ™P mine, coming on the scene in the midst of ' my sufferings, brought with him a ?? bottle of your Seigel's Syrup ; he advis- Jp ed me to try it, stating that he felt con- r1 fident it would benefit me. Being weary of trying bo mauy drugs, I condmned it C01 before trial, thinking that it could not ^ possibly do me any good, but ultimately determined to take the Syrup. After ^ doing so for a short time it worked such a change in me that 1 cou'inucd taking it for nearly two months, and I then felt iu the best of health, and can partake of any kind of food with ease and comfort. I am therefore thankful to yon that, through tho instrumentality of your valu- P able medicine, I am restored to the Btate of health 1 uow enioy. — Yours truly To Mr. A. J. \Y. White. S. FoiIstbr. S September 8th, 1883. Dear Sir. — I find the sale of Seigd's Syrup steadily increasing. All who have triea it speak very highly of its medicinal virtues ; one customer describes it as a 'Godsend to dyspeptic people.' I always ft recommend it with confidence. o 1 Faithfully yours. si (Signed) Vincent A. Wiuvs, ii Chemist-dentist. t: To Mr. A. J. White. Merthyr Tydvil. r SeigeTs Operating Pills arc the best tl family physic that has ever been discovei- f- . ed. They cleanse the bowels from all fi irritating substances, and leave them in a a healthy condition. They cure costiveuess. u S. Mary-street, Peterborough, © 3 November 29th, 1881. 1- Sir. — It gives me great pleasure to in- h form you of the benefit I have received e from Soigel's Syrup. 1 have been troubled a for yeara with dyspepsia ; but after a few g doses of the Syrup. I found relief, and ii after taking two battles of it I teel quite c cured. p r I am, Sir, yours truly, ii WlLLIAW BliKNT. fc Mr. A. J. White. h h ? ? t c All those who, from indiscre- c . tions, excesses, or other a ^ causes, are weak, unnerved, v ? low spirited, plij'sically drain- i ed, and unable to perform c lire's duties properly, can j be certainly aud permanently ?8-feA^V cured without stomach medi- l £k V??il cikks. Endorsed by doctors, f ? ministers, and tho press, i The Medical Weekly says: v ' Tho oldest plau of treating c K Envoi.' s Debility, Physical c Dkcay, ckc, is vrhollv super- r m~ se.led by THE MARSTON t I %f BOLUS.' Even hopeless ? cases assured of certain re storation to till and perfect manhood. Simple, effective, cleanly, ploasant. Send for ,- „ -T treatise. Consultation with «Iliiil« Physiciau free. ? MARSTON, REMEDY CO., 79 Elizabeth Street. Syhxev, N.W.S. -VTOTICE OF REMOVAL. IN ? S. G A R D N E R , Mechanical Chimney Sweep to His ? Excellency the Governor, and Government Contractor. All orders punctually attended to with despatch. Established 20 years in the City of ^K ? London Mitchell's Cottages, Corner of Murray and William Streets, Perth. \ nnO TINSMITHS.— A BARGAIN. A pair of Tinsmiths Shears ; -very „ strong. Cost price. Apply, Office of *»? this paper. OOK AND READ! -ME STARTLING PACTS WOETHT OF fi DEEPEST CONSIDERATION THE )ST EARNEST ATTENTION. Extraordinary Parliamentary Return. )t very long ago Mr. Hopwood, who is a member of the Imperial Parliament1 red for a return of all the capital victious which the Crown had secured ing the last twenty years ; his request complied with, when the following ^ordinary list was laid upon the table the House of Commons. It appears ; from 1861 to 1880, both yean in led, no less than 512 persons were ?Acted of nmrdtr, all of whom were iy guilty, as a matter of course! And of this number only 279, or about one :, were allowed to suffer the extreme alty of the law! The remainder of ie unfortunate individuals were dispos of as follows :— No less than 194 had r capital sentences commuted to penal 'itudo for the rest of their miserable s ; IG received various short terms of irisonmcnt ; 13 were incarcerated in Dartmoor Convict Prison ; no less than herscomtnitcdsuiciilo in their desparing res to escape from the crnel tyranny he rcproheusibly careless administration the law ; G of the convicted men, after ig proved to be innocent, received the sen's Pardon for crimes they had never imitted ; while in one case the capital viction was quashed by the High, irt of Appeal! Hence it is proved t it is actually possible in these boasted s of light and knowledge for a man one to be sentenced to suffer the ignom »us death of a felon, only, however, to honorably acquitted shortly afterwards. t these indisputable facts also prove t a man may even escape the death tatty, only to be exiled from bis native d, to be branded as a vile criminal, and have his life mined and his future -piness utterly wrecked, though quite ocent of the crime for the alleged amission of which he was sentenced to hanged, and afterwards transported to \- other side of the world for the re inderof his natural life. Such is the b of me, Samuel Gardner, chimney sep, formerly of the City of London, bnt r a condemned ticket-of-leave holder in : fair City of Perth, the Capital of the ilom convict Colony of Western stralia. I have wrongly suffered a iod of no less than twenty-one yean \al servitude uponachuge of murder which I am innocent. Bnt the flagrant nstice I have suffered at the bands of ) Imperial Crown authoritiesdoes not end re. I have never asked to be pardoned her Most Gracious Majesty for a crime have never committed, neither have I itioned the Home authorities for a re ssion of the cruel sentems so unjustly -scd upon me ; all X have asked for, and that I now pray for, is that I should be jwed the opportunity of proving my incence. I ask only that my case ould be remitted to the careful con cretion of the High Court of Appeal, to be present at the hearing, inasmuch the appeal could not be thoroughly or rly effected in my absence; for bow lid I properiyinstructcounselin London, en mercilessly detained in penal servi le in Western Australia? An influential rtion of the English Press has most bly indicated my hard case, and has, ged in the strongest language that I ould be allowed the opportunity of re -ving the infamous stigma, with which I ve been so unjustly and so cruelly brand . The following Petition, signed by a mber of the leading cituens of Perth, II oUub nliut tlio ifaXAlti Ul kills puluC 3 British Empire think of my hard case, e which is fortunately almost uapreced lted in the history of the mtJadministra in of English Criminal Law. I appe d 9 Petition, hoping that its publication 11 have tho effect of enlisting in my favor a opinion of every honest and right inking of the all-powerful middle-classes England, that portion of the Home mmuuity which is at once the strength d the pride af our beloved Mother nntry. Strict justice and rigid im rtiality are the only boons I crave. ^ SAMOEL GARDNER, Chimney Sweep, Perth, Western Australia. November 9, 1883. ETITION UPON BEHALF AND IN FAVOR OF ;AMUEL GARDNER, CHIMNEY-SWEEP, PERTH, WESTEIW AUSTRALIA. We, the undesigned Citizens and lerchauts residing in Perth, the Capital f Western Australia, do hereby wish to tate that in our opinion we severally and adividually feel convinced that the caw ef he man Samuel Gardner, a chimney-sweep esiding in this City, ought and should, in he best interests of justice, be re-opened or further inquiry. We have each of us requently read with feelings ©* vain the ad and grievons statement thi; «nan has, iuriug the last three years, so frequently ouragcously published in a portion of the Deal Press. The truth of these statements las never yet to our knowledge been ven impugned, much less contradicted; nd when we remember that the very Teat expense Gardner has necessarily ncurrud in publishing a history of his sad ase has been defrayed by him ont of the -roceeds of his laborious and honest ndnstry, we feel that the action he has so ioldly taken in this matter proves him to -e a person possessed of upright and lonourable principles, and to be a man of he most praiseworthy independence of character. Further, judging from the un :ondradicted statements we have read, and ilso from his uniformly good behaviour vhile ho has been living in this City, we hink that Gardner is innocent of that :ritne for which he has been so severely lunisheu. We therefore sincerly hope that the imperial authorities will, without any uriher delay, cause steps to be taken for nvestigation being made in this case. This re urge iu the interests of human justice, -r behalf of the accused man, and also -n the grouud that a full inquiry into the larticuiars of this case trill, we venture to iiink, do uoubt prove of no small value a the authorities when thay have to deal *ith any cases of circumstantia Jevideaoe thnt may probab'y occur in the fntnre. For these reasons we have pleasare in signing this Humble Petition* J. K. Churchyard. J. B. Veryard. W. Graves. J- A. Brittain. J. Glaskin. A. J. Desprez. R. Wells. G. W. Randoll. W. Lawrence, senr. W. Lawrence, jnar. T. J. Green. J. A. Liddelow -\TOTICE TO THE GENERAL i\ PUBLIC. From S. GARDNER, of Perth, to Mr. - LILLY, of Fremantle. Dear Sir, — In reply to your kind note, dated April the 20th, 18S4, requesting my professional services at F romantic, I beg to state tbat uider any circumstances whatever I shaU never leave the district of Perth until I am allowed to do so withont the inter fcrnece of the Polico authorities. Dear Sir, I remain your most Obedient Servant. SAMUEL GARDNER, Chimney Sweep, Perth. Western Australia. 