VESTIGIA.* The latest novel of the lady who writes under the nom de plume of George Fleming certain Jj falls short of her earlier ones in the elements to which they owed their chief strength. In A A'ile Hovel, and in Mxrogc, there was as background to the story a | beautifully . painted and most interesting I moving panorama-in the one the historic banks of Egypt's great river, and in the other j the cities and landscape of Syria. In the; later one, Tht Head of Medusa, the reader is sensible all through of the deepening of in terest which is effected by the constant pre sence of Home as surroundings to the story. The sense of the Eternal City, * which evidently dominated the mind of the writer, is also kept prominent to that of the Yeader;~and in that great presence, where it ran be fully secured, all that is commonplace becomes imbued with romance, and romance becomes elevated into poetry. There iB no such heightening of interest imparted to the present story, which, indeed, moves on a lower level, as far as concerns its incidents, its personages, and its surroundings. We are not conscious all the time of an atmo-, sphere of art and history shed around the story by the crumbling ruins or matchless artistic work of the past. And, as a result of this, the effect is distinctly weaker than in (he preceding stories. In saying this it must be stated that the art and style of the writer are as finished as ever. Her sketches of cha racter are sound and true, though in some cases rendered in mere outline. Her feeling of surrounding nature is always beautifully expressed, and supplies the motive of many exquisitely-written passages. And the tender pensive sentiment with which most i of her work is imbued is as conspicuous here as in the earlier stories. But they had a golden framework, a rich setting, to which art and nature, history and legend, contri- j buted their charms, and this borrows aid from no such source. ! The story is of a young man, Bernardino de j Rossi, known by his friends as Dino, whom, in the firet chapter, we find just being dis missed from bis employment in the Leghorn telegraph office, on account of his sharing in Bome foolish republican demonstration which had offended the authorities. Dino is little concerned about his dismissal, save for the pain which he is sure it will give his mother, & rather querulous self-repressed woman, who takes life very hardly. After he has told his mother his bad luck, he has the further task of acquainting his young playmate-sweetheart Italia, and her father Andrea, an old fisher-' man, of the trouble which has befallen him. It is prettily shown how the rather rough | rebukes which the confession draws down on Dino from old Andrea hare only the effect of bringing Dino and Italia more closely toge ther, and of making them, for the first time, dimly and sweetly conscious that their affection for each other ia passing into a deeper, tenderer feeling, the dawn of which in their souls is accompanied with many fluttering, disturbing sensations, j A reference by Andrea to the lad's father, whose republican inclinations he is imi tating, gives occasion to Dino to express his love and reverence for his father, and to defend his memory. We are made to see that Dino's republicanism is not a political belief, it is scarcely even a political senti ment, it is merely bis way of showing his devotion to the memory of his father. In a subsequent scene we "assist" at a sitting of the inner circle of the Circdi Bartaali, a republican dnb, to which Dino belongs. The leaders remind him that some time before he had entered into special engagements by placing his nnrrn> on the society's list of volunteers for extraordinary services. "Hie opportunity which many have to wait years for has come to him very early. Dino is at first taken aback by this intimation, but pulls himself together to te&m; what is the duty expected from him. Bnt his surprise deepens into horror when he hears thai he is io kill the King at Arc view which is to be held at Bome in two or three weeks, lie accepts the task as one which it is not for him to question, accepts it with the foil conviction that its performance must necessitate his own death, either at the moment of the act, or afterwards by process of law. He lives and moves in a heavy oppressive atmosphere as of fate weighing upon htm, riingfog to h"n, fanning a. viewed through which all the tilings of life and the world appear trifling and petty. But after looking his fate calmly in the face he determines oh the way he will spend the in terval that remains to him. " Well! he wanted that time to himself, and he intended to have it, he intended to foe happy. The first- great shock of the sur prise was over; his nature had alr^y readjusted itself to these new conditions with the supple strength of youth, *nfl in j this fixed interval of qtriet-4his interval,' which seemed all the longer by very reason of its being fixed-all the light, Joy-loving ! instincts of his age were alert within "him, , making music in his hearty like the rapturous j Bojjg of birds between two storms." So he gives himself up to the unreserved Joy of his love for his child-love, Italia. A brightly written -description is given of an annual pilgrimage of the Madonna, in which most, of the personages of the little story take part, which is full of graphic vivid punting of the life and feeling and the external aspect of the people. Here 1b a passage cha racteristic of the writer's power of contem plative jmthos :«i They had beeti young together, these two. Cat&rina; coold remember a time when to be passed since then. And it made no difference to her secret feeling of reproach fulness that she herself had perhaps much to answer for in this general lowering of Andrea's estimate of life. A woman betrays and remembers where a man betrays and forgets. And at that par ticular moment faithfulness seemed to Cata rina to sum up all the virtues. In autumn the morning freshness of the wood lingers late; there is something of the coolness of the dawn in the pine shadows long after the fruitful warmth has fallen upon the fields. And in some natures, growing old, there is left somewhat of the same touch of virginal freshness and charm. I think it is oftenest the case with women who have been unhappy in theiryouth-who have missed the placid midsummer fruition of content They bear in their hearts an eternal unsatisfied belief in the spring." The changed, preoccupied manner of Dino suggests to several of his friends that he has some oppressive care, which some of them are led to connect with his membership of the republican club. Old .Andrea urges him to give it op and Bet himself free, that he may marry Italia. Dino replies that he cannot do it, not even to j many Italia. She overhears the conversation, I and afterwards urges upon him that he must be true to his engagements and keep his word to his friends, whatever the consequence to him or to her, or though both their hearts are broken. The different forms of self-sacrifice accepted by these two yoong people-one on behalf of an idea and of the memory of his father, the other for the sake of the worthiness of the man she loves-are admirably but not over-elaborately set forth. Once aeain, when Dino's whole being is swept away by his devoted love for Italia, and he declares that he will give up everything for her. she appeals to him to do what is right, to decide against her and for his duty if only for the love of her. An outlet or escape is afforded from what seems unavoidable doom. Dino's true- hearted friend and fell o w -conspirator, old Valdez, who is to stand by him at the moment of firing the fatal shot, takes the act into hiB own hand. The King escapes, but a young noble in his train is wounded No suspicion falls on Dino, and, after his recovery from an ill ness into which the mental strain and sud den shock have thrown him, be pays a visit to his old friend in prison, and we take leave of him on the eve of returning home. His little sister asks him, "Are we not going back now, my Dino, to Italia ?" "'Ay.' Heanswered like a mun in a dream. And it was a dream of coming joy which held him silent; a vision of flood tides filling all the empty places of existence; a happy vision of love, strong to conceal, and strong to forget; of Italia waiting by the sea." The Btory is one of small range, but it is vei? well told, and is studded with charm ing pictures, which are closely woven into its texture. Here is one: "It was an absolutely white night-; the fog hung low above the water. Overhead the full moon shone in a clear blue transparent sky. From the land the harbour looked en shrouded in a clinging cloud; but to any one on the level of the water the fog appeared as a resplendent and glorified vision, a lower heaven of luminous vapour, under which the dark oily-looking sea lay motionless, like a thing asleep. Twenty paces off the largest ship in port only loomed indistinctly, the merest ghost of a vessel, dim, shadowy, un substantial ; the red and green lights in the rigging were indistinguishable a dozen yards away. They sprang suddenly into visible existence, piercing the whiteness lite living jewels, as the boat neared the ship's side. The air was strangely sonorous; the faintest sounds-the laugh of a sailor in the fore castle, or the distant thud of an oar-were exaggerated out of all natural proportions. It was impossible to judge of distances; everything was white, shining, impalpable On the darkest night there would have been at least some gleam of a signal lanvern to steer by; bat this was like being lost on enchanted seas of light" This surely is a wonderfully artistic and poetic and graphic description, and there are many as good in the little story. The only point to which we can take exception is the rather copious use of "damns" in the dialogue intended to exhibit the talk of the lower classes when excited. This part of men's language ladies have not opportunity to make themselves familiar with, and as they are sure not to give it natoralty and faithfully to the ear of the reader, it is far better to avoid it altogether. 