FRANCE. rFrom oar awn CorresDondent.1 Paris. Jun& 20. For some weeks past Madame Sarah Bern hardt has been playing at her Theatre de la Porte, Saint Martin, a version of Shakspeare's 'Macbeth,' literally translated into prose by M. Richepin, with such success that it has encouraged her to make arrangements for the continuation of the experiment of pre senting to the Parisians our great poet's works in their native dress. M. Richepin's transla tion was undertaken at very short notice, and is only fragmentary, sacrificing every thing almost to the great roles of Lady Macbeth (Sarah Bernhardt) and Macbeth (M. Marais), but it is true to Shakspeare's sense, depth of thought, and energy of language. without shunning the sublime bard's realistic stage effects. I remember the time when the appearance of a spectre on the French stage would have raised laughter, and when killing before the footlights would have excited horror and indignation. French taste has undergone a marvellous trans formation in this respect within the last decade. There is, then, every pro spect of Shakspeare's plays, represented as we are accustomed to see them on English boards, becoming acclimatized in France. It is now more than a century since Dacis, Voltaire's successor at the Acade'mie Fran caise, first introduced Shakspeare's tragic masterpieces to the notice of the French public. The squeamishness of French taste at that period made it impossible for Ducis to transfer the English poet's works boldly to the French stage in all their pristine vigour, but milk-and-watery as his adapta tions are their success was prodigious. He produced his 'Hamlet' in 1769, 'Romeo and Juliet' in 1772, ' King Lear' in 1783, ' Macbeth' in 1784 (just a century ago), and 'Othello' in 1792. The enthusiasm with which they were received justified his hopes. Into the classical tragedies which he made of them he introduced the grand effects of his illustrious model, but often sacrificed the fundamental idea, the intimate thought, and his own genius to the taste of an age per- verted by degenerate poetry. Tender and pathetic by nature, Ducis became energetic and terrible even to sublimity by imitation. Nevertheless, if M. Richepin devotes him self seriously to the translation of Shak speare, and gives us verse, of which he is one of the greatest modern masters, where Shakspeare gives verse, Ducis will soon be forgotten. The young poet is now engaged on 'Romeo and Juliet,' which Madame Bernhardt intends to bring out next season, when she herself will play Romeo.' Of her success in the part I have not the slightest doubt, for she is admirable in travestie roles, Apropos of 'Romeo and Juliet,' an interest ing letter on that play by M. Guizot is about to be sold by auction with a number of other autographs. The celebrated statesman who translated Shakspeare into literal prose wrote, May, 1852, as follows on the tender tragedy : —'Shakspeare excels in seeing human senti ments such as they really are in nature, with out premeditation, without the work of man on himself, simple and impetuous, mixed with good and evil, with vulgar instincts, sublime aspirations, as the human soul is in its primitive and spontaneous state. What is truer than the love of Romeo and Juliet, that love so young, so quick, so unreflecting, full, at once of physical passion and moral tenderness, abandoned without measure and yet without grossness, because the delicacy of the heart is everywhere united to the transport of the senses. There is nothing either subtle or artificial or wittily arranged by the poet ; it is neither the pure love of piously exalted imaginations nor the licen tious love of blasé and perverted lives. It is love itself— entire, involuntary, and sovereign love — unrestrained and uncorrupted, such as it bursts forth on the threshold of youth in the heart of man at once simple and various as God made him. 'Romeo and Juliet' is truly the tragedy of love, as ' Othello' is that of jealousy and ' Macbeth' that of ambition.' I must return to M. Richepin, who is one of the most talented writers and most richly endowed poets of the present generation one of the few who will leave a name after them. The greater is the pity that a man so highly favoured should prostitute his rare gifts to obtain cheap and nasty notoriety. He has just published a volume of verses entitled 'Blasphemes," in which he has overstepped the hitherto known bounds of immorality, or rather impiety. Imagine Milton's Satan getting drunk in a low pot house and railing against high heaven, and you will have some idea of the blasphemous poems of M. Richepin. Yet more than 12,000 copies of the scandalous book have been sold, chiefly to people whose faith they will shock, but who have bought the. volume out of idle curiosity. No book of verses since Victor Hugo's debut and Lamartine's ' Lac' has had such an extensive sale. It is the un wholesome craving to astonish the world that has urged Richepin to perpetrate this bad action. Every one knows he is the son of a French army surgeon, and was born in Algeria, yet he prides himself on being de scended from the gipsies. He is verydark in complexion ; his hair is long, black, and frizzled ; he wears an outlandish broad brimmed hat a la Tennyson, a shirt of fine linen, unstarched and unironed, with a vast turned - down collar, carries a big stick, and is followed about by a huge mastiff. If these be not the signs of genius we shall find them perhaps in the following abridged account of his life. He worked hard at school, and was received first of his year a pupil of the Superior Normal School After being a professor for some time he gave up his University career and joined a gang of gipsies ; but the Queen of Gipsies wanting to force him to marry the Princess, her daughter, he ran away and enrolled himself among a company of boxes and wrestlers, and travelled with them from fair to fair. During those varied experiences he had gathered materials for and written his ' Chanson des Gueux,' a poem in honour of gipsies and outlaws, which at once made him famous on its publication. Since then he has written 'Nana Sahib,' a five-act melodrama for Sarah Bernhardt and played the title role in it with her to second him. Besides that he had written another melodrama called ' La Glu,' which was played a couple of years ago at the Ambigu, and the subject of which is unsavoury. In his leisure moments M. Richepin writes novels, short poems, and realistic sketches for the journals and reviews. If with all that he does not achieve fame he at least deserves notoriety. A writer of a very different stamp from M. Richepin is M. Joseph Fabre, a deputy. He has not the former's great gifts, but he makes a noble use of those he possesses. M. Fabre's aim is to keep alive, elevate, and purify the patriotism of his countrymen. To that end he has written a series of interesting biographies of famous Frenchmen and women who have well and faithfully served their fatherland. He now publishes a very dramatic work entitled "Jeanne d'Arc, Liberatrice de la France," which, with many new facts and documents, con tains the marvellous story of Joan of Arc, a story that stands forth in French annals almost like a supernatural legend. The book suggests an idea that the papers are now discussing— it is to make May 30, the anni versary of Joan's death, a national fete. Every Frenchman, without distinction of party, would, no doubt, join in such a fete, but not from the same motives. M. Paul Bert, for instance, the famous vivisector, sup ports M. Fabre's proposal, but you would never guess for what reason. He is afraid that the Catholic Church, which he says burnt Joan of Arc. though he ought to know better, will now confiscate her to make her a Saint. It is true there is a movement on foot for the canonization of the Maid of Orleans, and that Cardinal Howard has been appointed to sustain her claims, but it will not succeed. There have already been several attempts to have Joan canonized, but they railed, as the present one will fail, because the Church has never looked upon the ' Vierge de Domremy' as a saint, but as a patriot. The principle of her life was not the love of God and detachment from the things of this world, it was the impassioned love of her country and her country's King. She deserves any number of statues in the public squares, but not in the Churches. What ever M. Bert may say to the contrary, judg ing, as he does, solely from appearances, Joan was not the victim of priestly fanatics, bat of revengeful politicians. That truth has seen made obscure in the minds of French men for various reasons, some of which are generous ; but Some never made any mistake in the matter. The Catholic Church does not dispute the claims of French history to Joan of Arc, nor does she want to enrich her calendar with the heroic maid's name. M. Bert further thinks that the commemoration of the Martyr of Rouen " would, in the month of May, advantageously take the place of the Ascension or Christ and the Descent of the Holy Ghost." I don't think Jean of Arc herself would have been of that opinion, or have thanked M. Bert for patting it forward. Though she was not a saint she was profoundly Catholic ; what she strove to do was to drive the English out of France and not the saints out of Paradise. She even followed voices that came to her from on high. If she returned to this world she would probably be grieved to see herself the subject of so many sorry newspaper articles, but I fancy she would approve of the book or M. Fabre. With the exception of that work the books recently issued in Paris do no great credit either to their authors or to French litera ture. M. Ohnet, the lucky author of 'Le Maitre de Forges,' has just published a nove lette, entitled ' Lise Fleuron,' which intro duces us to the behind-the-scenes life of the Paris theatrical world. M. Ohnet has been in too great a hurry to strike the iron while it is hot— to take advantage of his present popularity — and the consequence is that 'Lisa Fleuron' has all the appearance of a hastily written work of skimpy proportions. Nevertheless, over 100,000 copies have already been sold on the strength of the young author's still younger reputation. The book is amusing enough and worth reading. The happiness of M. Ohnet has been soured by a charge of plagiarism. A journa list has charged him with cribbing his famous ' Maitre de Forges' from a novel by a Swedish lady, and in proof of the charge has quoted numerous passages, which, to say the least, are curious coincidences. He tells us of a more curious coincidence still. After the first performance of the ' Maitre de Forgea' he met Sardou, who told him he had for some time past had in his drawer a drama with exactly the same plot as his, and that he should now have to destroy it as useless. It is hard to say where plagiarism begins and where it stops. As De Musset says, ' You imitate some one when you plant cabbages.' Moliere took his property wherever he found it, so did Shakspeare frequently, only they turned commonplace fictions into master pieces, and that is a sufficient justification. The Swedish work is tiresome ; M. Ohnet's is amusing and interesting, and it is foolish to quarrel with one's pleasure. Alphonse Daudet has also produced a short new novel, which seems to have been as hurriedly concocted as Ohnet'a 'Lise Fleuron.' Daudet has given this work the misleading title of 'Sapho.' This Sapho is no relation to the tenth muse ; she is a licentious artist's model, and the story is that of her numerous liaisons. Daudet dedi cates his work to his sons after they have come of age, but they would do well never to read the book at all, for it leaves a nasty taste in the mouth. It seems to me that Daudet has been trying to show the "naturalist" school and their chief, Zola, that he could write down to their level, and produce something as offensive to taste and morals as they can. If such was his aim, he has partially succeeded. I regret this error on the part of Daudet all the more, as he at one time promised to be a French Dickens. Worthy to rank with Daudet's 'Sapho' and Richepin's ' Blasphemes' is an atrocious work entitled 'Memoires de Sarah Barnum,' purporting to be written by Marie Columbier, an actress, and a quondam friend of Sarah Bernhardt's. The work, from beginning to end, is in indecent libel on the celebrated artiste, who horsewhipped the authoress on its appearance with a whip that Marshal Canrobert once made her a present of, and which she left with Marie Columbier as a keepsake after using it about her head and shoulders. When tens of thousands of copies of the book had been sold the authorities began a prosecution against Marie Columbier. for offending against public morality. That gave a further impetus to the sale of the book, which people were beginning to forget. The upshot was that a couple of weeks ago Marie Columbier was sentenced to three months' imprisonment and 1,000f. fine. As she has made over 50,000f. by her dirty work she can well afford to undergo that penalty. The book was ordered to be seized and destroyed. French justice does indeed walk Claudo pede, for only yes terday I saw the book exposed for sale outside a bookseller's shop in the Rue Castiglione, and not only the original French copy but an English translation of it. Mean while, Columbier is going unmolested about the provinces with a scratch company per forming a drama of her own writing. With M. Renan we enter upon a different kind of literature altogether. He has just brought out another volume of his studies on the origin of religion, &c.; In the preface he takes credit to himself for having made numerous converts since the appearance of his ' Life of Christ,' ' The Apostles,' &c;, twenty years ago. He assures us that a good many persons who believe themselves sound Protestants and Catholics have now adopted his principles and his method of religious criticism and research. It is, therefore, not surprising that he should think of becoming the head of a Church himself ; and he announces that he is preparing a ' Breviary' of his doctrine. It is to be hoped he will define that doctrine, for I have not met with any one who can tell me what it is. To me it appears neither fish, nor flesh, nor good red herring. But to return to the Breviary. It is to be composed of choice flowers chosen from Mr. Renan's works, daily meditations, and a spiritual nosegay — that is, a brief reflec tion, concisely expressed, to be carried about in the mind all day, and mentally smelled at as it were. I have seen something like that somewhere before, and it strikes me that M. Renan's Breviary is an imitation of the ' Devout Life' of St. Francis of Sales with the Christianity left out. M. Renan's early ecclesiastical education has left an inefface able mark upon him as it does upon all who are bred in seminaries and do not enter the Church. Having lost the faith, Renan has kept its livery. Veuillot used to say of him that he always had " his pockets full of bits of wax candles." He is the dried vase which still retains the odour of the liquor with which it was filled. He has no longer any religion, but he has preserved the dilettantism of religious things. His gesture, his voice betray the priest, the cut of his coat makes it resemble a cassock. Having renounced the principal he finds pleasure in a certain fidelity to the acessory ; the ex-pupil of the Seminary of St. Sulpice is like those im poverished men of fashion who chew their toothpicks or smoke their cigar in front of the restaurant where they can no longer dine. He has done his utmost to re place faith by doubt, but he would be very glad to rebuild with the materials of what he tried to destroy a little chapel, of which he would be the pontiff, and play at being a priest as the priesthood is his vocation. Materialism is too gross for his refined taste, and as he seeks satisfaction for the ecclesiastical leanings that cling to him, he now invents a new form of devotion, without an object and without a cause. M. Renan excuses prayer, and even encourages it, providing you pray in a book of which he is the author ; hence the "Breviary" he announces. From the world of letters to the world of art the transition is easy. The Paris Civil Tribunal has before it an action brought by M. Alexandre Dumas against M. Jacquet, the celebrated water-colour painter. The circumstances of the case are rather long and complicated, but I will try to state them clearly and briefly. At last year's Exhibition of painters in water-colours, held in Paris, M. Jacquet exhibited a picture entitled, ' Le Juif de Bagdad'— the Jew of Bagdad— in which he represented Dumas himself with the traits that mark the low Jewish trader. Besides, the Theatre Francais was then playing the ' Princesse de Bagdad,' Dumas's latest production. It was, there fore, evident that Jacquet meant to insult Dumas. At the private view, M. Lippmann, Dumas's son-in-law, considering the work a libel in paint, smashed the glass that covered it, and ran his stick through the canvas. Dumas would have been wise to let the matter rest there, but he did not. He ob tained a Judge's order for the sequestration of the picture till the action he was about to bring to secure the destruction of the work had been decided. M. Alexandre Dumas pretends that a painter has no right to repro duce the features of a person without that person's consent; and I expect the Court will decide in Dumas's favour, though I take quite a different view of the case. Dumas and Jacquet at first were friends ; but at length a pique began in this wise :—Dumas had bought of Jacquet, before even it was finished, his picture called 'La Premiere Arrive'e,' which represents a woman in Louis XV. costume racing through a corn field. The price agreed upon was 15,000f., and Dumas was to have the sole right of repro duction. He sold that right to the Goupils for 3,000f., and finally exchanged the picture itself for a Corot. Hence the wrath and revenge of Jacquet, and the wicked concep tion 0f ' The Jew of Bagdad.' This quarrel is a thing absolutely original — proles sine motre creata— a sign of the present time exclusively. M. Dumas, having been good enough to recognise himself in the Bagdad Jew, objects to having a Jewish cast given to his features or physiognomy. Thanks to him, the liberty of art is threatened with the establishment of a new kind of pro perty— physiognomic property— a cousin to literary property. M. Dumas accepts the glory of which the advantages are pal pable; he won't have the thorns, and implores the Judge of the Civil Court to deliver him from them. There are in this affair two distinct points. First of all there is the private quarrel, which is no busi ness of ours. Jacquet says that by letting Dumas have ' La Premiere Arrive'e' at 15,000 francs he was making him a present. I con fess that paying 15,000 francs for a picture that is not by Raphael or Rubens does not seem to me to be receiving a gift. But I have nothing to do with that. There is in the quarrel a second point which belongs to the public — that is the doctrine set up by Dumas. If the picture in which M. Jacquet has repro duced, the features of M. Dumas were a bad one I would make no objection to his being punished by fine, imprisonment, or even the guillotine, according to the gravity of the case. But if the water colour, ' The Jew of Bagdad,' is well painted I object to the guillotining of M. Jacquet for appropriating the features of a celebrated dramatic author. What would become of painting and the drama, the arts in which Jacquet and Dumas shine, if it were forbidden to work from the living model, to idealize that model, some times for better, sometimes for worse? racquet wanted a compound type for his Bagdad Jew ; he found it in Dumas, and he used it, just as the artists on Punch found Disraeli the desired type of their old clothes man. Jacquet may plead it is no insult to say of a man that he is a Jew or a trader. He was painted a Jew in Oriental costume. Now [)umas says he is not a trader. It is certain he is not a Jew, and no less certain that he does not dress in Oriental fashion. The most influential people in Paris are Jews ; Rothschild is a Jew, Sarah Bernhardt is a Jewess, Albert Wolff, the Art Critic of the Figaro, and the best writers on that and other papers are Jews, the best ballet dancers and actresses are Jewesses, the men who make the most money on 'Change are Jews, and not a few members of the Bar are Jews ; how then can a French Judge undertake to decide that it is damaging to a person to be called a Jew ? In spite of all that I fear Dumas's silly claim will be admitted. There are precedents for it. Minora canamus. The French racing season, which ended virtually with the run ning of the Grand Prix on the 7th inst., has been a series of surprises, crowned by the two greatest surprises of all, the winning of the French Derby and the Paris Grand Prix by Little Duck. She won both races easily, the big event by five lengths, a distance she might have increased with facility. In the French Derby Archiduc, th6 favourite, wa3 supposed to have no serious competitor, and was Archer's mount besides. Another sur prise was to see Barbery a bad fourth, though chat animal had beaten Little Duck in the Prix Reiset. Kiso, which came in fifth and led Archiduc nearly all the way in tlie Derby, could not follow him in the French Oaks. That is a third surprise. Other surprises are the following : — Fra Diavolo, first favourite in the Prix de Longchamps, was beaten; Yolande, first favourite in the II. Triennial was also beaten ; Fellah, who won the Prix de Gouvieux one day, came in last three days later in the Prix de Courteuil ; and Guerrier, who carried off the Prix dn Chemin de Fer du Nord, at Chautilly, had been shamefully beaten iu the Prix des Lions a few days pre viously. The triumphs of Little Duck are no doubt due partly to the animal's staying powers, and partly to the clever riding of Tom Cannon. The losses were very heavy at Cbantilly, but the Due de Castries, Little Duck's owner, took home with him a pot of money. The Prix du Jockey Club, or French Derby, was this year worth 111,675 francs. Thepacewasaveryfastone, but none of us saw much, of the race on account of a phenomenon unprecedented at this time of the year in France. A thick mist hung not only over the course and Forest of Chantilly, but over the whole country for thirty miles round Paris. As it was the anniversary of the horrid week when the Paris Commune waa stamped out, and as it was known that there wa3 to be a Communist demonstration in Paris on that particular Sunday (May 25), many terrified imaginations attributed the mist to smoke caused by a second burning of Paris. It arose, however, from natural causes. From daybreak on Sunday morning till 9.30, when most of the Parisians began to start for Chantilly, the thermometer had stood at more than 70° Fahrenheit in the shade. The sultry heat was succeeded by a storm, and the over-heated soil sent back the rain in vapour. Such an occurence had never been witnessed at a Chantilly Derby before ; discerning the horse3 or the colours of their riders at a couple of hundred yards distance was out of the ques tion. When the lot did come into view in the straight, Archer was leading, but Cannon was overhauling him by a magnificent rush. The attendance was larger than everj and scores who went down early with the mten tionof breakfasting at Chantilly came back fasting, everything in the place having been devoured by still earlier risers. The wisest and moBt fortunate people were those who took% their victuals with them, as many hundreds did, and lunched al fresco under the greenwood tree. A fortnight later— that is, on Sunday, the 7th inst. — came the biggest event of all. Le Grand. Prix de Paiis, with the running of which the Paris fashionable season comes to an end. As Archiduc was not in the race, and as the English representative, The Lambkirj, was an outsider, Little puck's only noteworthy competitor was Fra Diavolo. As 1 have already said, the Due de Castrie's horse won --s Cannon pleased. This year, like last, the Duke, has won both the French Derby and Grand Prix with the same horse. Last year it was Frontin, who beat Farfadet in the Chantilly race, and the English crack St. Blaise at Longchamps. Another curious coincidence is that the English horse had separated the two French pets both years, and thatthesamejockevs, Cannon, Archer, Dodge, and Storr had ridden the first four in each race and in the same order at the finfsb. The weather was cold and extremely wet, and had been so for the greater part of the preceding week. Yet to a casual observer there seemed to be no falling-ofF in the usual vast atten dance. The gate-money, however, told a different tale, and the receipts were nearly 40,000f. below those of last year. After the bigjevent the rain came down in torrents. Sawve qui pent was the universal cry. How the host of spectators got away I cannot imagine; carriages were never to be found where ordered to remain, and the sight of ladies standing about in the mud with their brilliant costumes clinging to them like bath ing dresses, their costly bonnets drooping like willow branches, was a sight to rejoice the heart only of selfish modistes and conlu rieres. Of French politics there is not much to be said this month. The most important poli tical event is the virtual re-establishment of divorce in France, by the Senate's voting the abrogation of the law of 1816, which abolished divorce. The Bill has already pasaed_ the Chamber, and been read a first time in the Senate. The debate on the second reading is going on while I write. 'It is not likely the Senators will undo on the second reading what they did on the first, so it may be taken for granted that divorce has again been established in France, however it may be hampered by the conditions attached to it. The principle is secured, and time will do the rest. The reform was voted by a very much larger majority than even its most sanguine promoters expected. The Catholics are naturally highly incensed at this result, and pretend to be greatly shocked, though the Catholic Church nerseu admits seventeen cases in which a marriage may be declared null and void. The Deputies have done absolutely nothing useful since I last wrote. They lost nearly a week wrangling about personalities and abuses in Corsica, apropos of a foul-mouthed journalist»who had been brutally beaten to death at Bastia by the friends of the Prefect. They have lost more than a week in a confused and idle debate on the Army Recruiting Bill, which has after all ended in & fish's tail. The recruiting of the army iB now where it was when the Bill was brought in. The next waste of time will be on the Bill for the Revision 'fit the Constitution. The country does not want the Constitution revised, the majority of the Deputies do not care for the revision, and Ministers will be glad if the Senators reject the Bill. The Extreme Republicans have been scared almost out of their wits by the lesult of the general elections in Belgium, which have resulted in a crushing defeat for the liberals and an overwhelming triumph for the Catholics. Even Brussels has turned out all her Liberal members, and returned none but Catholics in their places, a state of things which had not been witnessed since 1830. The same causes which have brought on the clerical reaction in Belgium exist in France, and moderate Republicans are beginning to ask themselves and one another if it is not time to pause in the perfervid secularization of sfhools, hospitals, &c;, which has prevailed since M. Ferry has been in office. P.S.— On the second reading of the Divorce Bill the Senate ratified its first vote re establishing divorce. As there is no third reading in the French Chambers that vote is now definitive. Shortly after the publication of the first series of the Cuke of Wellington's despatches an advertise ment appeared in a morning paper offering for sale, at a solicitor's office in Lincoln's Inn, two letters from Hia Grace— the one written the Tery night of the battle of Waterloo, the other the day after. Colonel Garwood was commissioned to purchase tbem.wbich he did for the moderate price of £60. The Duke, on their being placed in tos hands, quietly put on bi3 spectacles, read them through from Koginning to end, and then thrust them be tween the bara of the grate, with the remark, ' I was a fool when I wrote those letters.' ' You see,' said a lawyer, in summing up a case, where one party hadsaed the other on a transaction in coal, 'the coal should have went to the buyer.' 'Not so,' aid the Judge, 'it should have eons to tea cellar.' 