ROSE FLEMIHG THE STORY OF AN HEIRESS B DORA BUSSE1& ' Author of 44 The Silent Watchers," " Lady Sefton's Pride," "The Miner's Oath," etc.). Chapter VIII. — At Gbsybtead. In her well-furnished mormngroom . at Grey stead there sat alone at breakfast- time, on the Thursday on whiob Miss Warranne aud Mrs. Fleming had promised to visit the . master of the house, the lady who bore his name and had brought him the wealth which had now lost so much of its former attractions in his sight. Mrs. Wingfield was a plain woman. The grey skin, the dull hair, the coarse features might truly come under that designation ; yet in- those light blue eyes there was a look of determination, and rcjund the corners of the roughly-cut mouth there lurked indica- , tions of more powerful feelings than the pale, sickly cast of her countenance would at first have led you to suppose she possessed. She had finished her breakfast, and sat working, as was her constant custom, at some huge piece of embroidery, and ehe scarcely looked up from her occupation when her husband entered the room. 4 Good morning, Sarah,' said be, politely. 4 Good morning,' she replied, coldly ; and then Mr. Wingfield turned bis attention to the game pie and smoked ham in silence. He did not, however, make much of thesd dainties, and soon pushed away his plate, and, rising from his Seat, lit a cigar, and came and stood listlessly, with his hands in his pockets, by his wife's side. 4 Did any of the people about here call yesterday?' he asked presently. 4 Yes,' answered Mrs. Wingfield, still work ing steadily on; 4 a Mrs. Bidley, from Stammingford, came, and Mrs. Bichmond, of Ballisburn.' . „ 4 Mrs. Bidley, from Stammingford 1 Whtft the deuce sent her here, I wonder?' said Mr. Wiogfield, in an amazed tone. 4 She said she knew you many years ago.' Oh, I remember her well enough. She's a— well, a bit of a scandalmonger, I believe. Au ugly woman, isn't she?' 4 She is not a handsome one, certainly.1 Mr. Wingfield fidgeted slightly as his wife spoke, and then walked a few paces apart from her, and then returned. Sarah,' he said, 4 there are some people- some old friends of mine — coming to call on you to-day.' 4 Are there ?' ehe replied, in an icy tone. 4 Yes, the Warrannes— Major Warranne'e daughters. They are among the best people about here, and were very kind to me when I Was quartered at Stammingford, and I The proprietorsof 44 The Weekly Times' have pur- phased the right of publishing this novel in Victoria, . , \ — « ( L - should like you to pay them some attention now.' 4 Mrs. Bidley mentioned them.1 said Mrs. Wingfield, still with her eyes fixed steadily on her work. 4 Did she?. Well, I don't think the Warrannea care much about her. She's not exactly in their set, and I know they used not to visit her — and, indeed, hold themselves above most of the godd folk about here, Warranne himself is a very jolly fellow, and they come of an old Shropshire family.' 4 Miss. Isabel Warranne was very lightly spoken of some years ago, Was she not ?' Mr. Wingfield's dark face grew crimson as his wife said this. Did that cursed woman tell you that?' he said, roughly. 4 Let me tell you, Sarah, it is a confounded lie. There does not breathe a colder-hearted girl than Isabel Warranne — no, nor one half so beautiful, I think.' 4 Yok ought to know, by all accounts,' said Mrs. Wingfield ; and for a moment her grey skin grew a dull, dusky red. 4 What do you mean by that?' asked Mr. Wingfield, passionately, throwing away his oigar and confronting his wife. 4 What do you mean by your insinuations? If it is that for years I have known her — for years been friends with them all, it is true ; and I wish you to pay particular attention to the people to whom I owe so much.' : 4 1 owe them nothing.' 4 Perhaps not ; but I'd advise you not to enter the lists against' Isabel Warranne, either for sharpness of tongue or anything else. She's not a girl to - let you escape lightly if you attempt to slight her.' 4 She certainly cannot be a girl, at all events.' 4 No,' said Mr. Wingfield, with emphasis; 4 she is more than any girl you ever saw. She's a beautiful, perfect woman. Put every girl you-: ever beheld beside her, and see what they'll look.' More innocent, one may hope, at any rate.' 4 They won't then,' said Mr. Wingfield, angrily, 4 or mdre cold, or half as lovely. She's like something one .may have read of, but never seen before. But enough of her beauty; You'll be civil to her, Sarah, when ehe comes to-day ?' 4 I do not know about that.' 4 1 hope you will, at all events ; and there's another girl coming top — a pretty little heireBs, a Miss Fleming.' ' Oh, her father was a business person, was he not ?' 4 Yes, like yours ; but Miss Fleming scarcely needs the old man's money to make her attractive. She is a very pretty young woman.1 4 Tbey must be quite a race of beauties about here, by yopr account.1 Well, you can judge for yourself. But I will see you at luncheon, and they won't be here before then,' and Mir. Wingfield lit another cigar and strolled out into the gardens. - How his face changed as he walked there alone, untrammelled by the ever wearisome presence of his wife And he knit his black brows and clenched hishands as-he thought with bitter anger of what she had . ust eaid of Isabel. 4 Oh, fool, fool, that I have been !' he groaned, half aloud, as love, tenderness, and fond recollection swept through his heart with irresistible power. 4 What have I done ? Thrown away all my happiness for money — for money which is hateful without it.1 x It indeed seemed se to him then. He for got, amid his wealth, the painful and degrading influences which poverty had once exercised over his life, and only now felt the galling nature of the ties in which he had bound himself, and which parted him by an insurmountable barrier from the woman he loved. When he had first met Label again, a few years after his marriage, just when ho , had become entirely accustomed to, and perhaps a little weary of, the respectability of his new position, all the old feelings, at the sight of her beautiful face, had returned to him with tenfold deeper and stronger passion than before. ' i ' Then, overwhelmed with difficulties, he had fled from her presence, telling himself it was impossible, and leaving her broken-hearted and alone. Now, with' wealth, ease, and .all that he formerly 'so eagerly desired at his command, he yielded to a restless longing for her society,. and had, nnder the influence of. this feeling,' persuaded his wife to take Grey- stead, though he knew by doing so he was again exposing Isabel to the cruelest sus picions. "Scarcely were they settled in their ne,w house before this actually occurred. The visitor from Stammingford, Mrs. Bidley, whom Mrs. Wingfield had mentioned to her husband, considered it herpleasing duty, on \- her first visit there, to inform the already jealouB and exacting wife of the old attach ment which had existed between Mr. Wing field and Miss Isabel Warranne, and Mrs. Wingfield at once determined to throw every obstacle in the way of tbeir renewed intimacy. But she had as yet scant reason to fear her haughty rival, and would have acted with more prnd.ence and wisdom if she had treated Isabel with conciliation and respect ; for from , the time of their meeting after Mr. Wing- field's marriage, Isabel seemed only to find pleasure in fcormentiug him, and never missed an opportunity of a taunt or a jest at his expense. Even at their first interview, when he came up to speak to her, nervous and almost overpowered at seeing again the woman whom he had ever remembered with. j such passionate regret, she greeted him half- scornfully, half-kindly — some love, perhaps, i still shining in her dark, full eyes, but with : light and jesting words upon her lips. I 4 Oh, Isabel,' he said at last to her, his j patience worn out by her careless manner, j 4 do you remember nothing?' 4 Ay, too much,' she replied, for a moment ! changing her tone, but. the next she recalled ' it,. and asked liim how he liked being rich. 4 You were a wise man oaptain Wingfield,' j she said, 4 aud I mean to follow your j example.' Then he bit his lips and frowned, j yet dared to Gffer no objection ; and as it had j been in this first interview, so it had been in the many which had taken place since then. During the years which Rose Fleming had been abroad, Isabel had taken a fancy to going up to town and gs&ying; with Dr. Gordon Gibson, who was always giad to welcome the daughter of his old friend, and was not a little pleased to think that some day or other she might get a good husband under his roof, for the attachment of George Elwin was soon apparent to his patron's kindly eyes. But Isabel was not content with the honest and open homage of her 4 doctor's boy.1 Immersed in business, George Elwin had not time to bs always with his beautiful betrothed, and she, moreover, insisted upon their engagement being kept a secret, and her old friend Walter Wingfield heard nothing of George Elwin. He had no idea, therefore, when he went to Greystead, that Isabel was engaged, and Isabel was in no hurry to inform him. Having extracted an unwilling promise from Rose Fifeming to accompany her on a visit to Mrs. Wingfield, she almost insisted on her fulfilling it, and Rosey yielding to her wishes, they started together for Grey- stead on the day which had originally been agreed upon between Mr. Wingfield andlsabel. When they reached it, they were ushered into the stately drawingroom, and, as Isabel pointed out the splendid furniture and costly ornaments, she shrugged her shoulders, say ing— 4 She paid a goodly price for him, did she not?' The words had scarcely left her lips when the door opened, and Mrs. Wingfield entered the room. She received them with the scantiest of courtesy — so much so that Isabel's cheeks grew crimson, aud her dark eyes flashed so brilliantly that the pale, cold wife beheld her looking at the fullest perfec tion of her almost matchless beauty. 4 You have gone to the balls about here for many years, I conclude ?' she said, in her icy tones, addressing Isabel, when some allusion -was made in the conversation to a dance which was expected to take place shortly in the neighbourhood. 4 Yes,' answered Isabel ; 4 for many years ; and used to dance ckiefij with your husband, I think, leng ago.' 4 1 understood he knew you before his marriage well;' said Mrs. Wingfield. 4 And since .equally so — or perhaps better,' replied Miss Warranne. At that minute Mr. Wingfield entered, and Isabel, determined to punish the woman for her infeolence, received him with the kindest of welcomes — so much so that he socn seemed to forget everything but tlie delight of being with her, and of sunning himself in her rare smiles. 4 You promised to show us your grounds, and the old ruios. ghosts and all,' sbe said, gaily. 4 Come, Mr. Wingfield; we will. lead the way, and leave Rosey and Mrs. Wingfield to.foliow.' And he, but too glad to obey her, started up, and the two went out together. 4 Will you come, Mrs. Wmfieid?' a%ked Rosey. almost timidly, addressing tbeir hostess. But the lady drew up her head, and answered — 4 No, thank you ; I prefer seeing as little of a person of Miss Isabel Warranne's character as possible.' 4 1 can only lock upon such a remark made on my friend as an insult, Mrs. Wingfield.1 said Rosey, rising with some dignify, and blushing deeply as she spoke. For a moment Mrs. Wingfield made no reply, and then she said — 4 You will excuse me, I hope, Miss Fleming, when I tell you that I think it is a great pity for a young person iike< yourself to be seen bo much with her,' 4 You must allow me to be the best judge of that,' answered Rosey ; and then, with a slight bow to the mistress of the home, she left the house, intending to join Isabel and Wingfield in the gardens. She felt, naturally, much annoyed, and ber cheeks were flushed, and her bands trembled, as she walked round the grounds in search cf Isabel; but she could see no appearance of her, so she returned to the carriage, which was standing at the front entrance of the house, and inquired of her servant# if they had seen Miss Warranne. 4 She and Captain Wingfield went towards the ruin,' answered one of the men ; and Rosey accordingly at once turned her steps in that direotion. The ruin consists of one of the old towers of Greystead— the rest of the ancient hall having fallen into decay, being mostly rebuilt— and stands at the left side of the house ; and thither Rosey now went in quest of her companion. As she passed by a thick yew hedge which surrounds one part of its base, she heard Isabel's voice saying — 'Enough of this Walter; enough. Ido not blame you, bus you see to what you have exposed me in bringing me here.' ' She shall repent it to the end of her days,' answered Mr. Wingfield's voice, in a low, excited tone. 4 To. be insolent to, you — to you in my house — you So whom everything here belongs ! Oh, Isabel, if you would but beiieve ' 4 Isabel! Isabel!' cried Rosey, loudly, fearful lest she should hear' any more of. their conversation. 4 Where are you? How shall I come round ?' " i ' Are you there, Rosey ?' said Isabel. ' We were just going over the ruin, and now you'll come with us. Wait where you are and we 11 join you directly ;' and the next minute she and Mr. Wicgfiela appeared. _ ' What have you Gone with our amiable., ? she asked at once, when she saw -BoBey alone. ! , : 4 She :s in the house ; ana I wanfc.ycu to ccme home, Isabel,' said Rosey, gravely. 4 Home ? Why; ybu have just come,' said Mr. Wingfield. 4 Surely, Miss Fleming, there is no reason for you to hurry home so scon?' 4 What is the matter ?' asked Isabel, look ing intently at Rosey's agitated face. 4 Why, child, you are all trembling. Has anyone insulted you?' 4 Come home and I will tell you,' urged Rosey. 4 What is it, Miss Fleming?' said Mr. Wingfield, a passionate flush, rising on his dark face. 4 Who or what has annoyed you in my house? Tell me, and it will "be the last time. Tell me ; I request it as a favour.' But Rosey, unwilling to make any quarrel between the husband and wife, only replied— 1 Oh, it is nothing— I am sure you would not wish anyone to be annoyed— but Isabel had better corns home.1 4 Very well, my dear, as you wish it, I will, said Isabel ; 4 but you will come with us, Walter, won't you, and -be our cavalier?' Rosey looked her disapproval at this suggestion ; but Isabel took no notice of her unspoken hint, and Mr. Wingfield. himself was only too glad to comply with be request. They walked to the front entrance together, and there got into the carriage, and Isabel looking up beheld the pale face of her rival watching them from the drawingroom window.. 4 There is your fair wife,' she said, waving her band with ' mock courtesy to thai grinf spectator ; and Mr. Wingfield, also looking up, muttered dbmethicg like a curse between his set teeth. Isabel was apparently in a Wonderfully good humour all the way home. She joked ' Walter,' as she called him, and looked more kindly at him -tbah; shehad done "for many a day. Perhaps y he-pi tied him now, when she had seen his loveless hearth and some of the glitter rubbed oil the gold for which he had sold himself. At all events, she exerted herself to be agreeable, and beneath her smiles his brow also-cleared, and Rosey's was the only one which wore a cloud. 4 You will spend the reBt of the day with us,, my dear?' said Isabel, when they reached Stainbrcoke; but Rosey shook her head in reply tc this invitation. 4 Why not?' asked Isabel, a little sharply. .4 1 .will see you in the morning ; I cannot stay to-day, answered Rosey. 4 Are ybu nor afraid to leave me alone with Monsieur Ogre?' said Isabel, looking up smilingly into Whiter Wicgfk-la's face 4 1 will see you in the moming,' again said Rosey, gravely ; and with these woids she bade her companions good-bye. Very sad aud very sorrowful, she then returned to ber home. She was thinking of George Elwin— of- George Elwin, honest, tender, and true, and knowing, he was being cheated, knowing he was being deceived by the woman he loved. 4 Oh, fdUse Isabel ' cried the poor girl, as she wandered restlessly up and down her room after she hud retired for the night, 4 why did you come with your fatal beauty and win his heart ? When you kneel at the altar by his side, you will be thinking of another. When you take the holiest of vows, this man's bad image will be dearer to you than he is. Yet what can I do ? What can I say? I can only pray for him— pray for him and grieve.' cihe did grieve, and dwelt — dangerously for her own peace of mind— on the supposed wrongs of her early friend. Yet no hint of Isabel's attachment to Mr. Wingfield did George ever hear from her generous lips ; but she remonstrated, as strongly as her mild nature was capable of, on "the subject with Isabel berpelf, Why do you not tell bim?' said Mies Warranne, scornfully, during this converea- tion, whiob took place the morning after tbeir visit, to Greystead. 'Tell him you overheard thi3 or the other, and sympathise and condole with him just as you like 1 Your thousands a year, I fully believe, will be a good set-off against any little foolish love he may have for me !' . 4 1 thought we were friends, Isabel?' said Rosey. f I thought so, too/ replied Isabel. 4 till you _ became so infatuated about George Elwin . My dear — my dear, what do : you see in him ? I gee a husband, a man who can give me butter to my bread; and by-and-bya I ve no doubt a carriage to rest my weary bones in ; but you, young, pretty, , and rich! 5 Where is your ambition? , Where is your pride? Men different to htm— .men of position, of rank even, might marry you with your pretty face and voor fortune together; yet here you are half in love with a young doctor, engaged to your - friend !' 4 1 will never mention his name more to - V yon/ said Rosey, with a trembling, voice and -4 > a burning face. 4 As a true friend to even both, only have I spoken, Isabel, though you may not believe it. But da you think George will bear patiently Mr. Wingfield constants coming to his house ? , Do you think this man's strong feeling for you will pass away, merely because you are bound by other ties ?T You can judge of what I think by the . way you see he regards his own. There will "' bendpsaeein your housgi Isabel, if yoa do/ not break with him ; and surely .he! did net" . behave so generously toyou long ago. that you should fear to' hurt his feelings now ?' .You have said enough/ said Isabel, . haughtily and coldly. 4 1 will net quarrei wilh Walter Wingfieldf till he gives more reason ;. than he hah done yet. I've nothing to Eey against him,, so do you lec him alone.' 4 Be it so then,', saidR-;sey, and -she never mentioned the subject io Isabel again. (to be coxtintrxd.) ; 