ROUNDABOUT NOTES. (By Curmudgeon.) I am glad to soe that the revival of old Eng lish comedy at the Sydney Opera House has been a success, as it shows that the people are again returning to their sober senses. Painted faces and padded legs have too long prevailed, and it is time Australia should have a spell of real art; Opera bouffe, like tho round dances, is a native of France, and like everything from that country is extremely giddy. It is worthy of remark that such old plays as ' She Stoops to Conquer,' and 'The School for Scandal,' have a certain kind of refined dry humour in them which is never approached in comedies of the present day. The same remark applies to English opera, such operas as 'Maritana' and 'The Bohemian Girl,' still hold their own amongst the multitude of operas which have been produced in recent years. Some of the music in the comic operas which have been running lately is really very good, but taken as a whole, they are merely spectacular entertain ments, at which the music is but a secondary part, and where pose and paint are everything. If some of our spiritualists could only buttenhole Shakespere for a few minutes and ask him what he thought of comic opera and burlesque, I am sure his reply would be interesting. As far as my observation has gone, no company that does not include comic operas in its repertoire will pay in the country towns. If they have not a comic opera they must have something with a good fight in it, something to stir the blood of our colonial youth. I remember the first theatre I ever went to. It was what was called a ' penny gaff,' but owing to its being at an election time there was a company of 'stars' engaged, and the prices were raised to 4d and 6d. The piece was 'Hamlet,' and crude as the representation was, I was so overcome with sympathy for the un fortunate Dane that I went three nights, in succes sion and would have continued going every night while the piece was on only for what I saw on the third night. I was leaving a little early, and in passing out could see behind the scones, when I beheld a sight which completely cured me of my tendency to be stage struck. The space behind the "rag" was very small, and seated near the end was the "First grave digger" with the divine Ophelia sitting on his knee and suckling a fat baby, while near them stood '"The Royal Dane" knawing at a pig's foot. "Horatio," in the absence of a cork screw, was trying to chip out a cork from a porter bottle, and when he succeeded sat down to discuss the same with "The Ghost." I saw enough ; I was completely cured ; they were but earthly beings after all. * * * * I think it was Lord Stawell who was credited with the saying that "dinner lubricates business." If His Lordship had my experience in worrying a piece of stuff like the sole of an old boot, in an endeavour to extract even tho flavour of strength ening juice from it he would prefix dinner with a big D. It is really scandalous the sky high price and deep pit quality of beef in this district. The beef sold now is all bone, or at least it is hard to tell the difference between the bone and flesh ; as for juice it has as much in it as you would find in a seventy year old pawnbroker, and for this we are asked to pay eightpence a pound, or about eight times its real value. There is no doubt we are at the mercy of the butchers' ring, and things will be getting worse until the people strike. Householders have it in their power to bring down the prices if they only act in a plucky manner, and refuse to buy any over 5d a pound. Surely a thrifty housewife will be able to substitute some thing else for a week or so, and men knowing the reason would not grumble. One week would be enough to lower the price, if every housewife in the district acted in this manner. I may say for myself that I have made up my mind to refuse meat at a higher figure than 5d. They can sell prime beef at 4 ½ and 5d in Wagga and Armidale. How is it they cannot do the same here ? I have selected those two places as being the two towns farthest apart to which reference was handy. The butchers in this district have the people in their power, because people will buy beef at any price, thus keeping up the rate on their poorer neigh bours. As far as I am personally concerned I would give 1s. for a pound of good beef, but I will decline — even with my small custom— to be a party to the keeping up of prices to make for tunes for "scratch" butchers. * * * * Now although I am not specially engaged to write a series of lay sermons in these notes, I think it necessary from time to time to allude to matters which, I think, comes within the province of the clergy. One of these, and a most impor tant one, is extravagance, in dress and otherwise. There is no sight I would like better to see than a couple of pretty girls plainly and neatly dressed, without any of the gew-gaws of fashion. But where am I to see such a sight ? Working men's daughters are not satisfied, now-a-days, unless they keep up, and sometimes exceed, the extrava gance of those who can afford a new dress for every day in the year if they choose to have them. Young men about to start in wedded life should be particular in finding out the tastes of their intended, as an extravagant wife handicaps a man all his life. Anyone who will take the trouble to look at the congregations as they leave our churches on Sunday will see that the dressmakers' and milliners' art is carried to as high a state of perfection in Wollongong as they are in Sydney or Melbourne, and a more noticeable fact is that the ladies (bless them) seem to be all fashionably dressed. I should be glad to think that they could all afford to be well and fashionably dressed, but I would much rather see some graduation of fashion amongst them. Listen to the following: — An old pioneer of Victoria was locked up in the Ballarat police cells, on the 24th ult., charged with vagrancy and drunkenness. All the money found on him was a threepenny piece and a bad penny, yet he was known often to light his pipe with a five pound note in the good old times, and; was possessed of 365 suits of clothes. See what his extravagance brought him to ! TheeVictorian Coal Company. — This com pany, local known as tho new Mount Konibla Coal Company, is getting in order to practically start operations. Mr. Thomas Bertram, the efficient Mining Engineer who is to lay out all the works, except- perhaps the jetty, has arrived, and taken up his quarters in Keira cottage, at the Cross Roads. The mine is to be opened, and the line of railway constructed on the most modern principles adopted in England, from which country Mr. Bertram has come to this colony within the last two years. The mouth of the colliery will be on what is known as Mr. Waples' farm, on the east slope of Mount Kembla, directly facing the main road and ocean. From the mouth, the main tunnel will go right through, under Mount Kembla, to the extent of the com pany s property on the west side of that cone, judging by what we hear about the company's works, thoy will cost between £20,000 and £30,000, this of course being exclusive of the value of the land owned, or the coal to be worked on royality. So far, the company, as we under stand, consists solely of Mr. Saywell, of Sydney, who also mainly owns the Bundanoon colliery recenty opened not far from Moss Vale, and is projecting the construction of a tramway from Cook's River to Lady Robinson's Beach on part of Botany Bay. The Bundanoon colliery works, which are un equalled in the whole world in regard to the novelty of their construction, were designed and com pleted by Mr. Bertram. The mouth of the mine is in the face of a perpendicular cliff, and 300ft. below the top of it. The works are so constructed that the coal is hoisted up the face of the cliff. In fact, all the lowering and hoisting in connec tion with the colliery, including the men, are done down and up the face of the cliff, the head gear so to speak extending several yards over the upper edge of the perpendicular cliff, somewhat in the same way as does 'Weber's Look-Out' on the Bulli Mountain. Mr. Bertram will have no such engineering difficulties to surmount in opening the Victorian Colliery at Mount Kembla, and withal the coal there is of much better quality than that at Bundanoon. ' The Red Water Scourge.— Mr. Pottie, the well-known Veterinary Surgeon of high standing in Sydney, who recently has made two visits to the Kiama end of lllawarra, investigating the cause of Red Water in cattle, is extending his mission to this part of the district also. We learn from Mr. Pottie himself, that he intends to be in the Dapto locality next week, driving there from Sydney, probably about the middle of next week. Like Mr. George Hindmarsh, of Gerringong, Mr. G. M'Phail, of Dapto, has in a most commendable manner, offered Mr. Pottie the hospitality of his residence, and all the valuable assistance he can render him in prosecuting his practical study of the destructive scourge of Red Water in this district. Mr. Pottie asks us to thank on his behalf several gentlemen in this end of the dis trict who have sent him specimens of plants supposed to cause the disease. He expresses himself deeply thankful to those gentlemen, and all who have written to him on the subject from Dapto and other parts of this end of the district. Catarrh of the Bladder.— Stinging irrita tion, inflammation, all Kidney and similar Com plaints, cured by "Buchu-paiba." Moses Moss & Co , Sydney, General Agents. Flies and Bugs. — Beetles, insects, roaches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophers, jack-rabbits, cleared out by 'Rough on Rats,' Moses Moss & Co., Sydney, Gouoral Agents. Remember, Hop Bitters never does harm to the smallest child, but good, always and continually, See and read. 