LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. A leader and some correspondence are crowded out of this issue. Intending visitoirs to te Brisbase races tomorrew or on Saturday, or to Saudgate on the latter day, will find in our advertising columns a table givin the timre'of departure and arrival of trains from da' Brisbhane, Sandgate, and the racecourse. Excuraio tickletsa-will4besued frotlpvswich to Brislohne, and the sale of fares thence, including admission to the raceconrse, if desired, je alsoannounced in an advel-i titement appearing this morning. A meeting was called for Tueada7 eveninog last, it the Pnalais ioyal Hotel, to asecerta if it would be' possible to get up a riee-meeting here for the 28th. of June next, but there was no attendance, and the project, therefore, seems to have fallen through. 'It was rumosred. yesterday, that it is the inten tion of the Government to construct a second line of railway between Ipowich and Brisbane. The report does not seem to be without foundation, for. from a conversation we have had with some gentlemen, who take a particnlar interdat in such matters, we gather that Mr. Mflesconsiders that there is a necessity for a donuble line between the two towns, and that he will endeavour to have a second one constmuted'as soon as possible. It iselso sMid that the ereetion 9f the new passenger station will be proceeded withd' proposed, without much loss of time, but that dud consideration will be given to the resolution regarda ing'Bell-street, pused by the Municipal Council at the special Ineeting on Monday last. We direct theattentionof memubersof the Ipswich Mneical Soeiety to an alteration in the date for the holding of the annual general meeting. It wa originally fixed for to-mnorrow evening, hbut as most busineass pltace will be keptopen on Friday nighttill 9 o'clock. In consequence of the holiday on Saturday, it has been decided not to hold the meeting till Mon day evening next. Tihe election of a member for No. 1 subdivision of Mutdapilly, in the roomof Mhr. H. Welge, reasigndd; took place on Monday last, bht, owing to a protest having been entered, thle result was not mnade knod's till yesterday morning. T'le casdidates were Messrs. Joseph Denman and W. IH. Brodie. The former Ioled 50 and the latter 49, there being also 17 iu ormal votes. Mr. Brodie's scretineer oentered a protest, on the ground that one of these last was not jinformal, as alleged. Thle returnig.ollgkier (Mr. C. F. Mort) held over his decision, andl had inquiriee made. The result, however, wasthat he ruled the ballot-paper in question to be informal, and declared Mr. Denman duly elected as a member of the Mut dapilly Board. We have been given to understand that tenders wilt be called, in about three weeks' time, for the erection of the first of the new railway workshopsat North Ipswich,which?'ill be builtou the flatnar the rifle range. It will be remembered that, aisong the items on the Opecial Supplementary Appropriation Estimates, whiell were before thle House on the 6th of March last, was one of £10,0001or rilway work shaops at Ipawich. It is pleasing to know that the rolling-stocrk naeutfacturnled hlere has given eatisfac-.' tion, but it is to be regretted that the imeans for turuing it out have been so out of proportion to the existing demand. If we mistake not, there are a numbher of newC locomotives waiting to blie fitted up. while many of the old ones, after the hard and con stant work to which they hiave bleen soujectel. should be in uneed of a thorough orerlhaul. The ever-increas ing iguantity of rolling-stock, too. will call for extra facilities for the effecting of repairs alone. It is ansounced that the Right Rev. Dr. Hale, isohop of Brishabne, will preach at St. Pauls Churdch, in this town, on Sunday morning next, and will also hold a confirmaation service at the Pine Mountain Church in the afternoon. \- A tea-meeting in elelration of thle anniversary bf the Gattono Congregational Sunoday-sachool willbe held on Monsday next, the 21th instant, to be followed by the customary public meeting. Th anooiversery scr mone, however, will be preached on the following Sunday, the lstof June. At the Police Caourt, Esk, on Tuesday last. before Messra. Frank V. Nicolloson and W. G. \White, Johln M'Guire was elhargl with having, on the 17th instant, near Esk, stolen a tent, fly, and other articles, the property of Gee. Cummings. Spnior-Constable Woodleraft prosecuted, and proved thie arrest. and the findiig of the tent, fly, ani other articles in the prisoner's swag. George Coummings andi Gustave Segenguen also gave ervidence for the proseection. Thle prisoner elected to be dealt with by the Bcnch, and pleaded "Not guilty." Hle made a stateCment to the effect that he hadi purchased the articles in Toowooniha. The hoech fonnd hiii "G Uilaty,"nsil sentenced him to three months' imprisonment, with hard labour. On Tuesday evening last the tender of the engine attached to the down goods train, which shonll have reaclied Ipswich a little ibefore 10 o'clock, Ilft the rails when within halfi-a-mile of the station-viz, on the hill near thie over-bridge which gives aocess to the western suburbs. The trais was easily pulliedl up,. it inot having quite reachled the crest of the rise, iand ino dlamage was done. After a delay of moere thano au hour, the mishap was righted and the train pin culiedl on its way to Brisbane. The Llondon correspondent of the Mhelloarne Ae I iwrites:-" I was told iby Archliballd Florbesc that ihe hod lost in America all the Inmoney-ond it was not a small su--whlich hlie had made liy lecturingin Aus tralia. I now learn that it was in one of tle Pacific railway schemles that his capitfl was thus uotimely and irreparably submerged., We direct the attention of our readers to the addi tions in the advertised list of special prizes offered in connection with tile QueenslandPastoral and Agricul tural Society's show. It is satisfactory, too, to note that some of the members of the committee, who, on Tuesday last, ranvased the town, met with much success. The result, indeed, has been more pleasing than on any previous occasion, uIswards of £70, in subscriptions, .donations, and special prizes, having been collected, although, as yet, ntly a portion of the town has been canvasaed. We.would draw at .tntion to the fact that entries closein Monday next. They have been coming in very rapidly this week, but as nothing can be gained by delay, and as their eary receipt may. facilitate business, we wdnld ad viseathat they be sent in promptly, At the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum, since last re port. 3 m'ales and 3 females have bcen admitted, and 2 males and 2 females discharged, leaving in the in stitutioe 302 male and 2S4 female patients. The receipt is acknowledged, with thanks, of parcels of newspapera, from S. P. and Mr. P. Quinn, i:ceryiew. Mr. Charles Dickmann, of Engelaburg, Fisifdrdi, recently appointed as a magistrate of the territory, was sworn in; yesterday, before Mr. C. C. pameron. •nder,a writ of <lcilimun poteustaem. Soimeof our readera have been inquiring jwhen the. Irsbane V'alley line will be opened for trpffic. *So iar.as .we can ascertain, this long'looked-for and sboiewhat delayed event will probably take place phout the IQth of June next. , : :A :oricket match ws played in the Asylum'gr6ond, at Woogaroo, on Saturday last. between a team from. the Post and Telegraph Offices and theI Asylumni eleven. The result was a victory forthe home item. The vaitorsfirst undertook the defence agaihit the' bowhng of Campinpell ind M'Hugi; and,whenihe last wicket fell, the score stood at 32, of which A'. Kelly contributed 17. The local players lost o6 timein taking their places at the creases, facing the trusid ling of A. and J. Kelly. They succeeded i puttting together a total of 40 runs, Bliss placing 21' to his icredit and being not out. The followinkg ie the scores':-Post and •Telegrph 'Ofibes : A[ Kelly, hb Ospleil, s :'Bale; Capbhenl, 1: Hh tchison, c and b Canpbell, 2; :. 'Kelly, thrown out, 2; 3heely, c Buxton; . M'hligh, 0; Canty, t Doran, b oap tll Bar-, run out, 0;'Chavell,, not out, ; Geddes;b Campbell, 4"; Berkman, bCa npbell, 0; hheppersoon,.e dhd b'M'Hugh, 0 ; sundries, 4; total, 42\. Woogaroo :' Blia, notnut,21 ; Jones, b w. b J. telly, 2; Cinipbell, lb w,'b J. Kelly, 0; Ballard, Ib A. Kelly, 0; M'Hugh, blJ. i elly, I; Pidgdon, bJ. 'elly, I'; Sinith, b A. Kally, 3; Buxton, e Hutchi son. b J. Kelly, 2; Farrell, e Balfe, b J. Kelly, 4; Jenkifs,i b A. Kelly, 3; Doran, n: A. Kelly, 0; sundries, 3; total, 40. fl At a neeting of the Warwick Progreisn . _m mittee, heJdin the School of Arts Jin that Itown on Thursday last, Mr..Johnson (Mayor) inforuined the committee that he had, in company with Alderman Gibson, during his recent visit to Brisbane ped Ips wich, interviewed several leading citiesir, and brought under their notice thie subject of thsdii~c? line of railway to Brisbane. Amongst tbok he hbad seen were thie Mayor of Brisbane, the Predident of thies Eiobhe i)huame rf Coninierc" the nrembera for Ipswich and Bundanba, and seve~al othfrs. All promised 'td ogive?-t.hir'.anapbrt to Ithe Warwick pbple ;iii. this m6vement.:. Mr. R~ Gibson a ai4 he found that two 'outes could be chosen, and 4e would ?ltdrthemn as follow :r-tibtea:No 1, Wanwick to Brisbane, via Rosewoodr. disetance, 115 miles I of this, eighty miles would have to be constructed. This route would leave Warwick near the pound, taveso' Campbell's Gaily, and. passinrg Rose's Corner,,ftlow up Miller's Vale, and cross the range at the hbidolf Miller's Creek, at an elevation of 220ft, bhy!a'tneol of thirteen chains. , This raute wuli save lfty-one 'nileh.upsnthe preset ronte. Roqute No. 2-WaR-. wic~k'to Briaianue via Upper Swan Creek and 4arrin ville. distaust, .?oie'et*.sir miiles, made up as fol' l..i~a)-%rickio ihirhrSwali. Liirfmad4 twelve ? ll5k ";"glf fSi?.i to Hairisvile, rinse to: be con Lptroted,.forty'two milt&.(thias dstance rovides for' pgra~d bf is a 66, but not for cutves); Harris ille. to Ips-ich. 'eighteen mileb, fine made; and Ipowich to Brisbane, tweity-four miles, lins made maliking a ·totbal of uiiecty-.elinc lled, hr a tvitnip sevonty bniles upion the preshnt distance. 'This lrute wouldrossthe e rg by a tur(pel at! ailittle' oserthe elevBitlon of that, at Millers Creek. "Ie (Mr. Gibson) would also statdte that a trial survey had ybeen.d adetoflarrisville. via Cunniighuim's Gais ih would-leave uixty-eight miles ofline to be constructed. This, however, was found inplici cable, owing to a sudden depression of the ;ehntry being discovered near Harrisville. If a route could be found over the range in the vicinity of Upper Swan Creek, and a spur to get down on thel eastern side at workable grades, the line could still de taken -t.Harsrivilld, aind thus a saving? slsevenuy miles effected, with only foriytwo m'ilei ofline to make. 'Mr. Horwits, M:L.A., said he went to the Works Oflee with Mr. Gibson, and could corrobdrate all that he ad said. . He had no more information to give than to state that hre pointed out to the Minis :terlfor.Worka the necessity of a faiither exarmination hIeing mnade of tiherange at the head of Swan Creek. He told the Minister that hea (Air. forwitz) was wlljingto gond see for hirnqriji ani if Mr. Clinton could be spared by thie department to accbmpany him, he would be glad of his company. The Minis ter for Works willingly.consenteo to his application, and he learnt on his arrival back from Brisbanue that Mr. Clinton had received a telegram to be in readi ness to accompany him. He might further .state that, a week ago, he arranged wit (wo yosng men [VsO were Well" acquajnted. with ~se neality of the smogc at Upper Swan Creek to (s4mote the spurs, and 6t' mal? truck to any spur tuhs could eeanily descended on'sbe eastern side. lHe had done this is order to save time; and prevent antthing like useless rambling about the range. He would hae pro eedldd '6n the joerney this week, but for the un settled state of the weather; but hIe purposult strt ing off niext Monday. Several nmattera of limpoit. ance were dliscussed, after which the mneeting terni nated. [The above is a digest of a circular forwarded to us for publication.] We learn from the Trvoeomnrr C'hronicle that MBr. Mil6s .las'so far recovered from hisa late indiseosition as to be anle to proceed to Brisbane, oi Monrlay last, for-thb h ipose.oftesuring his offieialdutiei. Last pight's Obvereve states that ohlow-day (Tues day) afGympnwrpesas ~ 'erysu'cccssful affair. A very large processioi--headeled by the Cliidese resildents; with gorgeous bonnero--narehed to tsheshow-ground. His Excelle-cy having dleclared the sho' open, qheering nul feasting were indulged in. The Go vernor left by special train, arriving in Muryboronghi at lhalf-past 7 p.m. Tie ]British-India Company's R.M.S. Dorunda, rwhich leaves today for London (says Toesday's Corierr) takes thie first shipment of frozen meat from this coloiy diirect to Englandi, und her progress adil tie result of thie ventore will be anxiously watched by a large circle of colonists. Shie biertlhedl alongside the Queenslaund Freezing and Food Export wharf at half- past 2 o'clock last Thursday afternoon. Tihe carcasses were in excellent order and .Crrd as iron bark slabs, and loading was atoice begun.. Captain flay anid his officers co-operated heartily with tihe imanager as the work went on, and hy half-past 12. on Saturdlay night the whole cargo was on hoard, conusisting of 7,91 saheep annl J0 qrar?ter-sef ienf, thie actual time occupied in loading being only seven tecu hours. We harve marle special arirfgencntse for a per imanent supply of Boys'. Youths'. and Men's Cloth ig, mnade to our owe instructions, which we have arranged to sell, for Cash, at the Mnlaker's Prices. The first small lot has just arrived. P'lease cmure and see them at GILM.ORE & CO.~. They are very good, and remarkably cheap; the prices will astonish you.--Aov'.o) 161 Consrumers of \OLFE'S CBLEnRlUTED SeCIeAIPPrn is especially those who take it medichinally--shbould purchase it only by the bottle, and thus ensure or tariringr thie geouine article, there being a fraudulent imitation in the market. Large and small hIottles are obtainable at every respectable hotel in the colouies; anid the name of M. lMos. & Co. is oe the top label of .the yellow wrapper; none else is genuine.-1[A4vr.] Gnonsr.-- A attemnpt is being made in thire ol country to revive thie belief in visitants froem onother world, ansd meny are thIe wonderful stories tlat fill somie of thie journals. Tire sceptical mindil is, how ever, inclined to adopt Scrooge a remiark to Marley'a ghost: r"How do I know that you are noit a bit of andig-ted braid ~?" for, of all thie grst-lro,l cersra, a bit of "' heavy" bread is thie rmoet pioutet. It is a wonder, thcrefore, that peoplle ldo niot adopt tie surest spell -g:irnst ghosts bry usirng lb Ir'ick's Grhl l nrMedail loakinrg-l'owuler iu maltring 1,reads ; for, al Ihou,,gh it wsvrt " raise ghouta," it willf raice Ircad. in ti?e imost admiirale fIashlion. Every wise stLuore keeuper bla it Iry bim, aud ererygood hlousewife rruys it. 2nr Barber, wishing to compliment a bald customer : 'Formrerly you imust lvre habd a v.soderful head of hair." Japanese soldiers carry taas.' These weapons are probably usied only inthe hotteatloftheglit. A German judge defines the smain derence in the etfcte of whisky and .beer!Ithbiel " Visky makes you kill somebody else; mit 'ee?'yos only kills yourself." , ': Anvoos co MOTnEBal-Arre yubrold in your reatbyanion hild eufforlug withhshptdpfcottin teeth? 0o aton t ee to a chemist had ¶et abottle of Mao. Wuostow's Soorn-uo SnooP.r ti relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is eectlyharm less and pleasant to taste, it roducessttlikal, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the lttle cherub awakes "as brights abuttop." It soothes the child, it softens thegums, allasy l pain, relieve. wind, regulate the bowels,.ad s the beat known remedy for cdysencery and diarrhea whqtherarising from teething or othercaues. Mrs.Winalow's Sooth. ng Syrup is sold by Medieine-dealers everywhere at 5i. lid. per hnttle.--- An.l'. 95 *ViLUAns DItscoVnBY son wIooA Rbe.-If yonr hair is.turniong grey or white,;orfalling o?Z nse "The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will pooitley reetor, in everyJ ease, Gre or llie Hair to its original colour, withoat leavying the disagreeable smell of mosat " Restorev." It ms~d the hair ha rming l beauti ful. as well as pombting the g~abwth of thi hair on bald.spots, where thle glands are not. lesyed. Ask your Chemist for " TE MexoCAc a NsWbEh" sold by Chemists and Perfumets everywhere at s. 6d. per. Bottle. Wholesale deplt remobJd tc 32 Iltrrceduon-resd. TLnedon.-Anvwi 1 5 followa!y's Oioltmeno as . Pith.-Cod~hs, lu flueonza.-lThe soothing properties of. tli medica metts render them well worthy of tiial in alidiseases of the respiratory organs. In oomnmidit lds and influcnzea thbA Pills, taken ioternally s':ahai the Oint ment ruhhed over the chest and .throatk aReeexceed. tougly efficacious. When influooee is epiomic, this ireatooent is the easiest, safest, 'aid surest. Holloway's P'ills purify the blood, reiob aUl obstacles to its free circulation through thie Jutq..illieve the orver-gorged air-tubes, and render -esiranion free, withloit reluciog the strength, irritntiij he nerves, or depressing the spirits: tech ar'thbe.eady mneans of escaping frem suffering wheou'afflic?tl with colds, coughs. bonehitis, and other cldet cmblaints, by which the health of so many is seriousely and per manuetly injuled in most cuoUtries.--AtVT.] THROAT AFFECTIOr S AND HORSN?SeNS.-All eeu fering from irritation of tile throat and hoarenuess will he agreeably surprised at the almoit immediate relief afforded by the use of ".Brown's Bronchial Torches." These famous " lozenge6"arenow sold by soht respecthlle chemists in this counoy at Is. I&d.; per box. People troubled withl a "haicling congh," a "slighto cold," or bronchial ciffections cannot try themn too soon, as similar trouhlde, if allowed to pro. gress, result in seriousl Ptltonary And Asthmatia Affections. See that the words "Bmotn's Broschins Torches" are on the Government soaep around ra h hox.-Prepared by Jolts I. Bonwo sad Sos, BHm. ton. Unitled States.European depit removed'te 3. Farriogdon-nel. Ltndon.-- fAovs.l a15 FuORItuIo !--FOR TItE TEe?rt AiTD BREATn.-A few drnps of the liquid " lFloriline" sloinkled on a o'ct teoth-lruhl producesr a ploosmant Iather, wlhioh thoroughlly clonoses thie teeth frlu all parasites or impurities, lhardens the gomns, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives o tile teeth a pu~enliar pearly-whlitoness, aid a delightful fragrance to the breath. It relnovesr ;ll unploleurt odoor arising fromi decayed teeth or toloueeo- moke. "The Faygrant Florilie," being composcdl in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delt cious to h tas t, ad te reate toiletdisoverof the ag. Pries 2s. Cd., of all Cemlstassid Perfnmers, Wholesale depit removed to 33, IFragdon.oad. OIsd s.-'ADVW.. pp 