GEOFFREY STIRLING. BY MBS. LEITH ADAMS. PART IL—CHAPTER X. {Concluded.) The silence, rent by the pitiful sound of a man's sobbing, was now stirred also by the Boft turning of the handle of the door, and Gaylad's whine became a growl, while Geoffrey Stirling raising his tear-stained face from the shelter of his arms, started to his feet. As he did so the leaves of the Bible were swayed and fluttered by his hand; and, when stealthy footsteps in the corridor told that the woale-be intruder had withdrawn despairing, he looked down upon the open book, to see not the record of his lost darling's birth, but words that seemed to stand out in startling relief from their surroundings, words that his strained and exalted condition caused him to regard in the light of a dart aimed direct at himself from heaven: "Thou fool, this night shall thy sool be required of thee." Once more he is as one standing before a narrow gorge with high rocks on either hand; once more the mocking threatening figure that typifies an awakened and accusing conscience confronts him. Once more the remembrance of sin hides and stifles sorrow. "No, no," he mutters, shrinking back from the page wherein that dread fiat is set forth; *' my time is not yet; I am hale and hearty, in the prime of my life. There is nothing wrong with |me—only a little coldness now and then, a strange swimming in my head; but they paBs—they pass." Yet even as he speaks, that strange giddiness seizes him, and he staggers to his chair to sit there all a-shake, with trembling hands, and chill dank sweat glistening on his pallid brow. "I have lost all," he moans. "all—the chalice is emptied, save of the bitter dregs. The load I cany bears me down. It has grown heavy all at once—since Ralph died, and those who spy upon me will see how I bend and groan beneath it." A while ne sits silent gazing at the fire, now and again stretching his hands to the flame, or rubbing them absently the one on the other as though he would fein stir their sluggish blood to brisker movement. How still the night is! The last hour of the old year is waning Eleven has long since chimed from St. Mary s tower. The cold is intense, and branches -creak and cry; but there is no wind, and an exquisite purple dome, star-pied, spans the white world. Cathbert Deane's choir, having taken it terribly to heart that Christmas Eve, had been hopeless as to weather (viewed in reference to the singing of carols under the windows of people who were considered worthy of such delectable entertainment) had determined to make the best of matters, and, by wishing every one a happy new year, and singing the carols so carefully practised for many weeks back, combine the due and proper keeping of two festivals. It IB close on midnight when they gather, a company of closely-muffled figures, on the lawn at Dale End. Gaylad has caught the rustle of their footsteps on the crisp snow, pricked np his long silky ears, and ceased for the moment to watch his master. That master himself hears nothing. He lies bask listlessly in the glimmer of the fire, slowly recovering from the ague-chill that bad seized him and pondering on the craven folly that had led him to fancy the awful warning given to one of old as applicable to himself. I am strong, strong," he mutters, and smiles as one who looks down upon past foUy from a height of wisdom. He bares his lank and muscular wrist, closing and nncloBing the long delicately formed, yet powerful hand. Yes, he is strong indeed. How else could he have borne that burden of which he spoke but now—letting no man see, even by one uncertain wavering step that he carried a load all through the long, long years ? As this thought passes through hiB mind he smiles again; but, even in smiling, starts and tuns a little sideways in his chair with his face towards the curtained window. For a single voice, sweet and clear, comes out of the night, making it beautiful with the story of the Saviour's love to man. ' Child Jeau lay on Mary's knee, And opened wide were his sad eyes ; " Oh sleep, my little king," said she, " Oh sleep—the stars are In the skies." Then round about that wond'rous pair Angelic voices filled the air. " We sing the story of the Saviour's birth, Peace ana good-will to all on earth. Peace for the weary and the worn, Since Christ is born" The last four lines are sung in chorus, and Geoffrey Stirling's hand rises and falls to the rhythm of the melody. At first, nothing but the sweetness of the harmonised voices hits his fancy—he is an ardent lover of music, and the carol is qnaint and full of harmony—but, as the chorus dies away, its promise of a peace divine and perfect, of a rest for those who are weary and heavy-laden, comes home to him. In his deep, eyes dawns a wistful yearning. Suceess he has had, honour, greatness, the love of those about him, all these gooa things have been his. But peace—rwhen has that fair white messenger from heaven nestled in his heart and lain in his bosom? Rest? Has he ever known it in its full and perfect sense, since a sin was sinned, and a life burdened with a terrible myBtery? Again the one sweet voice caroli of that fair glad night in Bethlehem Child Jssu's eyes were closed in sleep, And as He slept His Mother mild. Did bend her head and watching keep, Withiteara—above the Heavenly child— And still around the wond'rous pair, Angelic voices filled the air: "We sing the story of the Saviour's birth, Peace and good-will to all on earth, Pardon to sin's repentant sigh— Since Christ shall die." This time, as the chorus ends, comes the sound of hushed voices—one in remonstrance (or so it seemed), several all at once, and eager yet awed. Then once more many feet crush the crisp fair snow. Davey has dismissed the waits, telling them that the squire is ill—in sorrow—not to be disturbed. It was, take it altogether, a bitter disappointment. Which of the singers did not wish to shine in the eyes of Squire Stirling ? Had they not gallantly faced the possibility of meeting the Dale End ghost, to give him late, yet hearty Christmas greeting? THUS they reasoned among themselves, hastening their steps across haunted ground since no good was to come of lingering there. Meanwhile, a strange message has their interrupted song borne to Geoffrey Stirling. Peace and pardon—these were then the priceless boons Christ gave to men—and yet, were not both set far from him ? Reach out as he might, he could not touch them. Once more he paces the floor in restless wanderings—once more the phantom brood gathers about him. Surely that pictured face beaeath the slouched hat looks at him with the eyes of Gabriel Devenant! Here, too, comes another ghosc from the limbos of the past. It is that of a man who loved and trusted him—who, cold and hard to all the world beside, for him alone was tender ; the man whose upright soul withered under the blight of dishonour; the man who died with Ralph's name upon his lips. Heavily labours the heart of the haunted man, whose fancy plays him such strange tricks to-night. A wild light begins to burn in his sunken eyes; in his ear rings the burden of the carol Bingera story- Pardon to man's repentant sigh. Since Christ shall die— " I do repent," he says, glancing from this side to that like a hunted criminal: " 1 did not do it for myself; I did it for Ralph. Only give me time—give me length of years, and I will make reparation. I will—I will—I will keep nothing back. I swear I do repent! Oh, my God! give me pardon and peace. I have been no coward; I have borne the burden of my secret long and welL It was expiate—1 will redeem the past. Thicker and thicker the phantoms come about him; they gibber in his ears—goad him to madness with their sad reproachful looks. He ceaseB that weary pacing up and down. He must, for the chill ana the ague are curdling round his heart again. He clutches the narrow oaken ledge of the mantelshelf, steadying himself by it. frenzy of mingled fear and resolve is upon "It is nothing," he stammers, wildly staring at the image in the high mirror that stares back with wide dull eyes—" It is a fancy- it will pass. «Thi s night,' the book f aid—' this night.' No. no: give me time ! I will confess—I will confess. 1 The words are panted out, as his eyes grew more and more to the image in the glass. What does he see there ? The horrible Doppelgknger of himself—the presentment of death in his own person. He sees the leaden-grey colour steal over cheek and brow ; sees the palsied trembling ot the head. The starting eyes strain and stare, nntil that ghastly shadow of himself is veiled for ever from his sight, but the failure oi thought and consciousness in his own brain. In vain the cold fingers clutch the narrow shelf, u vain he tries to rally sense and strength. _ He is alone in his extremity, and that By his own act and deed. There is a terrible hoarse cry, and Geoffrey Stirling lies a huddled-up heap upon the rug, while Gaylad, lifting his tawny muzzle, keens piteously over his master. The elamour of many voices ard the hurry of many feet come nearer and nearer. Some one tries and shakes the latch of the doors that lead into the garden. There is the crash of glass, the strain and splintering of wood, and Davey, closely followed by Cuthbert Deane, are in the room. With a cry scarcely less heartrending than that utteied a moment ago by the lips now pale and silent Davey flings himself beside the fallen man, raises the head to the pillow of his breast, tears open Geoffrey Stirling's vest, and thrusts his hand in above the heart that sorrow and sin have broken. " It beats!" he cries, looking rapturously up to Cuthbert Deane, who bends above the two; " thank God!—thank God!" 