WIT AND HUMOUR. "Hell-to-Pay" is a station on the line of the Northern Pacific in Montana. The wonder is non (hit place was so named, bat that all the towns on the line don't bear the same name. says tQat tha comet of ISIS B'U be visible to the naked eye with a short tail about Christmas. Don't you wish yoa r eve had a short tail attachment.— Old City Derrick. In Chicago, when a man returns a borrowed umbrella, they begin to suspect him. They think he is working (or a reputation lor honesty, so as to be able to gab trusted and commit deviltry. The South American condor is peculiar for its lofty flight.—[Learned Exchange.], That's nothing; the North American absconder can give the ugly birds points on flights every day in the week. . Maker of musical instruments, cheerfully rubbing his hand?:—“There, thank goodness, the hasa fiddle is finished at last.” Alter a pause—“ Ach, Himmel, if I haven’t gone and left the glue pot inside." A man in a Maine town met a prominent physician and said—“ I was dreadfully nick last night and I would have sent for you, doctor, only X hated to have my old mare go out oo such a stormy night I" **l know/ said a little Chicago girl to her eldpr sister’s young man at the supper table, " that you will join our society for the protec* tion of little birds, because mamma says you are very fond of larks. The ghost of a New York drummer is said to travel the routes he used to when alive, visiting the merchants, hugging the table girla, &c.; Its rough on the merchants, as they thought they'd got rid of him. R*y. H Joups, in Cabell's Magazine , laments the pain inflicted on a worm by impaling it alive on a flab book, and says he first kills the worms be uses lor bait by dropping them in hot water. Dear, kind man 1 The Louisville Courier Journal says that the ballad, " Cornin'thro* the rye” doc* not refer to a field of grain, but to a little stream in Scotland. A Kentucky editor's remarks on the subject of rye will not be quesiiomd. A writer says that a Burmese girl who wishes to kiss ” presses her nose op against a face and sniffs." If we had happened to go to Burmah without this information we should have had the girl arrested, beyond a doubt* Now we know how to act. The New York Herald baa discovered that the marriage* knot is a sort of bow*knot, and if yon happen to tog at the two ends the whole thing comes to pieces. A great many people will bo thankful for this information, and will proceed to pull at the two ends im mediately. M Np," said the suburban, “I didn|t take any money. The president of the company admitted my claim to land damages, and whm I asked for 500 dollars be said he would do better than that by me. There was nothing small about him, be said. And then bo offered me 10 shares of bis road, par 100 dollars. X thought I had got a mighty good price for my land. I have changed my mind somewhat since then—but let that pass. The road has gob my land and I have got the stock; but as the concern was seized by the bondholders six mouths ago, I don't brag about my bargain so much as I used to. It isn’t good taste, you know, to be always talking about your own affairs." 