HOW THE STATE IS MANAGED. A BEVGLATION BY OC1! CLAIUVOYANT REPORTER. [Note to the Editor—Pressure of finance business, \- disturbed terrestrial magnetism, and the absence of anything of definite value or public interest or statesmanlike proceedure — all these combined account for lengthened sileuce on the part of your C.LI] The Chief Secretary discovered seated at his Ordinary bureau, with papers before him, bnt his ^yes (wearing ft baffled introspective look) directed towards the further end of his apartment. Presently he pulls himself together, resolutely sinks his head low down hetween his shoulders assumes a cheerful, superficial insouciant look (an unsuccessful imitation of -the "genial''Charley) and telephones the Under- Secretary. Mr, Andrews conies instanter, coughs respectfully behind his head (as is the manner of well- tnrnod Under-Secretaries'), and stands on the door-mat. with a look of suppressed intelligence (usually found among the most prominent members of, the Civil Service). C. S.—Has the Attorney- General come in yet; and did you appoint for Cabinet at the usual time ? 17\. S.—Yes. Sir John—("pretence at confusion) fceg pardon for my mistake, Sir. ( C. S.—Smiles amiably and forjrivingly.) C. S.- Any talk outside, and does the Rigistcr Bay anything worih reading this morning? 77\. Nothing at all going on outside excepting bank pressure, and a sort of mild wonder whether the present Ministry ever will go out of office. C. /?.— (Chuck ing)—Ah, they talk that way, eh 1 - But what about the papers? {71 R—Haven't, had time to read them myself, "but the <^et. who's appointed to that duty, says the one is as mildly venturesome and as full of reminders of what it recommended or foretold *s ever; and that here and there the junior shows £ little readable stuff, and more impuden ! A knock at the door, and enters the Attorney- Geneml. glancing at his watch. U.S. retreats 'noiselrslv and discreetly. C. S. rises and greets ! , with that bonhomie which everyone knows he assumes to perfection. * A. O-—Well, Chief, what are we to do about this matter? C. S. (with a pretence at blank surprise)— #hat matter? A. G. (jrood-humoredly but with his eyes screwed into smnliness, evidencing in him posilive obstinate determination)—Come, Johnny, you know that won't do. You're a lawyer and 80 am I. and we need not finesse about a thing of tliis kind just as if we were bamboozling a jury. C. S. (conscious that he is in a grin stronger than his own )—Well, old man. I don't mind talkinsr. the matter over with you, but you know what it will cost the Ministry : and I did so want to ren«»in in ;v little longer. A. O.—^orry: but it can't be helped. The opportunity is mine; I've done fairly well in purse, my name is clear of reproach, and Tinust. for the sake of my position in the colony, follow a preceden* so Ivwitifiillv set by my predecessors. And see what a success they have been. J? —Well. T suppose I shall have to give in ; "but it is horriblv annoying that Andrews should Want to Tesign jnst now, of all times Who do you think might be invited for your seat in the Government ? A. G.—Ah ! there'll be a little, di''"culty about that. You see, you could'nt do what you might WiBh just now, and really the choice is very limited. Have you thought of this—yourself A. G. and Premier, and (say) Parsons C„ S. ? You shake your head ! Well then. let's look at the list—There's my brother: you couldn't very well put him into my shoes, however fit because it would raise a lot of talk. Byt thereHardy : he thinks he's just the man ! C. & —So he is—to keep out ! j A. G.—Fie, Johnny^ keep your temper j There's Kingston, a fine burly, loud-voiced declaimer. What, won't you take him ? j | , 1 : | j C. S.—Wont weld: intractable and unmanageable. A. G.—Well, what do you say to Symon (C. S. visibly pricksuphopefully.) You kuowhow clever he is as a lawyer at anyrate, though he does not succeed so well in the House. C- S.—That's because he doesn't give his attention to it But he'd be the man, if he would j listen to the suggestion. Do you think he would? A. G.—Listen, of course ho. would, Did you ever know a lawyer who wouldn't Knock at the door: U. S. announces tie other Members . f Cabinet, and says its eleven o'clock full. C. S. (in an aside)—Of course you'll leave me to announce? A. G. ( gravely aside)—Certainly my Chief; bad taste if I didn't. * * * * Enter Ministers, who seat themselves at the Council table, exchange greetings, and then lav themselves out for ineffable wisdom and political sagacity. (Tn this effort the Commissioner of Public Works, confessedly carries the palm.) Routine business as diligently arranged and settled by the Chief Clerks and Secretaries is endorsed. ; r-perts of deputatinns received, with sly winks and nndginss at perfunctory, red-tape, and evasive replies, the great questions being "who is concerned ?" and -'will it affect any votes ?" and tlie'i the business of Cabinet commences. The Premier with a little nervous jocularity (the first he has ever shown in his life !) expounds thusly— C. S.—I'm sure you-will all with me deeply grieve at my announcement of the probable immediate resignation of Mr. Justice Andrews, a man of whom we cannot speak too highly. All—Cannot speak too hishly. ; C. S — And my next intimation to you will not be altogether unexpected. All Not. ilto<rether unexpected. C. S. The honorable the Attorney-General our colleasrue. whose immense abilities have earned for him our absolute respect AH—Out absolute respec\ C. S. - Has felt it to be Ms duty, first to his country AH—His duty first to his country. C. S.—And next, as due to himself AU—Due to hi.nself. C. S.—To follow the precedent laid down by predecessors in office, and to sacrifice his owu inclinations on the shrine of patriotism. All—The shrine of patriotism C. S.—In short, gentlemen, he anticipates your eager desire AU—Our eager desi'e. ('. S.—That he should take the Judgeship that will shortly become vacant. 'U (wit,h expressions of horror and surprise) —Vacant; Vacant ! j VACANT ! I! * * * * Ghantly silence . Five minutes later Treasurer. (with pessimistic despondency)— That means a break-up of the Ministry. The other members of the Cabinet mourn in concert, adopting 1 a melancholy minor key. Presently, the optimist of the Cabinet Minister of Ehicvtion—Well, if there k to be a- break-up of course there'll be a s ramble ; • and I've a Utile schema that I've kept in hand for some time, anticipating that the "happy family"' could not unbroken live for ever. All- Oh, not for ever! C.S. (aside t> the A. G.)—What's his little game now? A. G. (sotto voce)—The Territory I'll bst. C. S. (still sub rosa)—But he's not physically strong, is he ? M. of E. (resumes)—You know the Northern Territory, and the intense personal interest . AU—Intense personal interest. M. of E. (slightly discomposed)—I've taken in its development. All—Development! M. of E.— c hortly s'ated, I propose then an immediate alteration of the local methods of administration, investing the representative of this government with more adequate surroundings, and a dignity of position equal to his responsibilities, of course providing a remuneration proportioned to the status to he con- ferred ; and then 1 will invite you to look round and see if you can fiuJ one more adaiirably suited All (in consternation)—One more adaiirably suited ! 21/. of E. —To the position. Treas. (very much sotto voce)—Oh, that I had foreseen this aud become Commissioner of Audit! The two Commissioners (Works and Land) in a state of absolute collapse, have not a word to say. C. S. (rises to the occasion);—Come, gentlemen, we surely are not all to go down like a set of ninepins ! Lrt us consider the position, especially as there is a general election close at hand, with respect to which ^enquiringly] [ suppose we are all safe ? Why not see if we cannot reconstruct ? I fancy Parsons is only giving us one of his exquisite little parables, which do not and are not intended to carry any meaning. M. of E. (with ftrong protest)—I mean it. C. S. (smiling*—Yes, we. knew it was a joke. And we all admit what a splendidly clever little man he is, gertlemen. No one has done so mueh to make the Territory ponul-.ir and prosperous as the, present. Minister <\--f Education But we all agree in this—the Territory would kill him off in six ninn'hs. AU—Ki'l him off in six months. ('. S.—The onlv tiding w hnve to arrnnge is to fill 11 ri the im" rt »'liti<r v ennov in t.h« Attornev Generalshin. What, do you kmv to our sounding Svmon. There is reallv nothing i'i our mut'ia.1 views which cannot be overcome in. a friendly wav: eh 0 All (with strong feeling)—Anything rather than abandon the important trust our country has placed in our hands ! . S. *'.—Well, is it understood thit when the occasion arises X np"n negotint.iono ? All (enthusiastically—Most, c -r'ainlv. A. G. (asH -W And he'd be a fool to com^ to terms with the chances of what a new election rasv do. The remainder of the business wis not. worthy reporting in detail: and Ministers having taken their usual refreshment, of toast and water retired their several wavs mueh comfor^d. T HE TTousft of Asse-nbly resumes its sittings this afternoon—wi^b, it is paid, all th important work of tho 'ossion to do. Thfl rumor of a no-nonfidfinoo mo f; nn is we suppose tlio snmoohl ghost, tint h;is hauntod th« Ministers ill th<» sossion and was sometimes dinilv sighted in tho previous session. Th« easiest pxnre.Ism would bo a gift of offieo. or an alteration of rnilwnv TO- to or a pnstoral co* cession, or something like that 'THE H >n. R. D. K.ss limine <• .ncented to I st m I f'T hi* own iinm -di^re district, and so goi'vrin for loral representation.'* wiV hnv • the effect of hrio to the hustings Mr. J. J. Onnran f r w'l.vn electors in some portions of the Wilbroo distret appear t» entert;vn an -ilmost. idolatrous aff-Tlion. A* to other electioneering gossin. it in now understood that Mr. FLiins M P., for tne p-esent q'liis P.uli »m"ntarv life, thus leaving clear for Mr. Ross a wide pa hwnv which he mnv tre;id without jostling with Mr. Tomki.icon—:) live le^isl itor ready for a hundred fi i'<t<... Mr. Peake's fervor in the matter of N irraconrte and the district of Albert has subsided ; :.nd Mr. G-H cannot stand. A rumor w;is current that an invention was 10 be givi n t i Mr. J nkyn C -le, t'l.' Light favorite; and thi«s mav be regarded as the first etidenoe of th:itvoun>> poli i(-iin"s impending distinctions. Perhaps the N^rrworte go-a-h^ads will refl 'ct before they rob Kapunda of its treasure. "Mr. H.indysne pr< j-cts an attenpt at pulsefeeling. A successful mail contractor and sh^*p-farmer, he ought to know how to drive the. state- coach and make laws! Additionally t» the n^mes given in onr last as tho^e of inten U ig candidates, C^a-e talks mildly (as it cannot help doins;) of Messrs. Kimber an! Palm;r, locd mtn ; and 'sorth Adelaide thinks Dr. Stirling good enough. Mr.T. K. Pater, recognised as a clever lawyer, is s.tid to he open to electoral choice Mount Gimbior thinks (per Watch) that there should be a change for the district of Victoria, and whilst the Treasurer is sife, the qnestion is who stall be his colleague, Mr. bllis or M-". G. Glen, or Hon. G. C. Hawker or Mr. Krichuuff. f j , HB Chief Secretary has pronounced the 1 verdict that Mr. Beaglelmle, who represents Wallaroo district, is "a brick in every sense ol ilie word." and the statement was eiuli rsed by the postprandi.il enthusiasm of a crowd. Uf couise we have no a hern tive but u> accept this descripti>m. Mr. Beaulehole^ then, we nviy confidendv say i - made of clay, has bern in a pug-mill, considerably mixed aud pud .leu, aud l«as betn as soft as he is now hard, as unbaked as he is n w baked, as nioist as lie is now kiln-dried. As a " brick he must h ive betn put under heavy pressure at some time in his career, fo ced into the press, and f..und himself in a hot corner; but being then co.led down, he has been a cool "brick" ever since, hut has acquired a high coW which hi is likJy to retain. And still in his character oi a "brick" he has found a place (p ssiblv not bv the direct a-jency ot M;ieons, or anv of ih<\- Craft) in tlie lliitise of Assemblv, where he has Been f >r the last turee years tixeil in a not very hi^h position, but at any rate surrounded by neat " p iinti tg," with his Dcst side f<ir a " facing,See to it, Mr. Chief Secretary, how you class your supporters. THIS Government is professedly liberal: in gome respects actually so. It is stated that, thev have given y 14 000 for the little steamer Book though sho is worth only £'<',000, aud did not c:Bt, more than that s 1 in to build. But then, thev couldn't w it: they siw a dreadfully immediate necessity, and were willing to pav £4.000 in excess (so it appears) to m^et tho absolute exigency. There was. it is ^xplau ed, no other suitable vessel ready—that taking 1 it for grafted that this Rook is suitable: at present, admitting some d uht. and we suppose; that this means that the Agent Generals plan of not advertising, but "asking likely persons to make offers."' was resorted to, "ami that there was only one firm that saw the way to make a cool £ 1.000 out of a £14,0 )0 transaction! This is a capital illustrat on of the w«y in whieh we inanago things in South Australia. But for all we know, every stated fact may be erroneous: we hope for the credit of our ad* mini trators it mav be so B LUNT hears, of course through his hanker ihat e in is «xcessivoly sn-aroe with the l bm s. and that t.ln\y will be short put to it until the £15<\000 in gold reaches them from London And he r fleets how awfully inconvenient it wi uld be just now for some wickod syndicate, having no bowels of mercies, to make a run for gold in exchange for the bank-' promissory notes. And lie wonders what would be the eifent of a concatenation of circumstances, placing the power in the h;inds 'f such a syndicate. Fortunately we have no financiers am rngst us wicked enough—perhaps nor strong enouirh—'o take advantage of the banks whilst in their strained condition: and so all Blunt's speculations on the subject are simply stupid. ALKING >.liout banking, we learn that T the project of which we wrote a little while a<>o —the establishment of a now bank on j rinciples which are likely to commend themseb es to customer* having coutfmpora'V credit .icvounts and to the public generally—has beeu taken up by a number of substantial men, who are not likely to allow too matter to slip through their fingers. It is siid that 'he scheme has solid merits, and will < o:n^ into op-ration at a date not very far distant. HERE is a g;.»o:l deal of political feeling T in Sydiie.v just now, primarily against competitive immigration, and St eondarily against the Government proposals on the Mibjeet of taxation. Arising out of the latter, the Protection and Political Reform League have taken occasion to agitate for a change in tho fiscal policy ; the scope of their opar • tions being best described perhaps by this part of the programme—loyalty to fill manufacturers as against all importers. Deputations aud mass meetings ure doing their appointed work. As to immigration, the idea of a democratic alliance has been announced; and indeed, the neoplo there in the political crisis said to exist, appear ripe for anything. 