GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. ? " OH, T don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at alL It ie all bosh and nonsense, only dreams ol a sickl; and depraved imagination. "And why, pray, do you not believe?" said Alf. "Do you question it because of the impossibility or the improbability? II you take it on the former score you will find eome difficulty in your proof, il you admit that there is anything beyond the material— a something intangible to the outward senses; if you advance the improbability, why you know as well as I do that yon know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for us to benefit from what you have learned." " It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." " Well," my dear fellow, " if that is the way we muBt look at this question, what el6e can we say about the thousand and one other questions which arise from the unknown. Bemember, your scepticism is only of a very reoent date, and is a part of that great plague of doubting which assaiiB .other dogmas you would lose yonr light hand sooner than foreswear. Few philosophers, either ancient or modern, doubt the possibility of existence apart from the contingency of matter " " 0, hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to a practical age, and I am not going to believe every old woman's tale, when eh tie terrified out of her senses by the slur- rying of a rat over the floor, or the scratching of a mouse behind the wainscot. My own experience is evidence against it sufficient to my mind." Well, if you want an experimental proof n glad I can give it to you." You I why I never thought you held converse with the invisible. Surely to goodness you're not a medium I" " No matter what I am, I will give you a chance of putting your scepticism to the proof—that is, you know, it you are willing, for to tell the truth, without questioning your own courage in the least, I have found you sceptics not too eager to test the truth when the opportunity is offered you. Alf and I were seated in one ot the fine old houses of Northern Tasmania—one of those houses which remind us so much of tile " stately homes" of the old country. The early colonists of the " Tight Little Island " were thorough Britons, and carried with them all the Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability. Cairnstock House might have been taken bodily by some genius like Aladdin's slave, and placed in the middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed much difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous in a country where they think so much of the sun rays that they receive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or nmbrella. The surroundings were picturesque in tho extreme. At the bottom of a sloping lawn there flowed a broad, silent river, which had in its impetuous youth leaped over a precipice and thundered in rapids, but now glided calmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands. Behind the house the hills rose tier after tier, until they culminated in a peak, whose summit always received the.earliest winter's snow. It was a lonely" enough position, however, as the nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alt and his sister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many guests. I had met them in Paris. One Sun- day morning while enjoying a contemplative cigar on the top of Napoleon's Arc De Triomph, and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can be caught from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful. Ada and her brother Alf Meadows bad been like myself admiring the magnificence ot the Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed out the beauties of the Tuileries, the Louvre, the Invalids and the other show places. We became friends, and it was not very long until I fairly succnmbed, and was the devoted slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was a little taken aback when I discovered my acqnaintances came from the opposite side of the world, but " love conquers all things," and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand miles journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided I could claim her as my own in the end. I had arrived at Cairnstock House the very day (23rd December) on which the foregoing conversation had taken place, and somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more quickly than I had hoped. Ada bad gone to see some friends, and -was not expected home until the next day, and I had to be contented with the company of her brother, a dear, good friend, but scarcely a satisfactory substitute. After dinner I happened to say that the position and surroundings of the honse would bring to mind one ol those haunted establishments of which old country folk think they have the monopoly. I was surprised to see my brother-IT:ro take the matter, as the French say, au grand serieux, and actually consider the possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his nsual devil-me-care characteristics, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, but was still more astonished at seeing Alf s faoe lose all its buoyancy, and assume something very like the aspect of fear. I had not the slightest idea of what he meant by his final proposal, and aBked him to explain himself. He remained for some time in deep thought and at last said: ; " Ton have a right to know all about it, and therefore as it is a family matter I shall tell you, though when you have heard the story you will understand why we don't much care to speak about it to outsiders. He paused again and then proceeded: "My grandfather came out to Van Dieman's Land among the earliest of the colonists. He had been in the army, and therefore very easily got all the fine land which you can see for miles around ns. The climate of the country suited him and his family well, and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in such a country after his life of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had all the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and these were exaggerated by the position of absolute masterdom in which be found himself. Ton are aware, I suppose, that the convicts were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but you are not aware that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the unfortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of tbeir masters. Certainly they were the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crime and ready for any description of villainy. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember 'well all over the island the gibbetB on which were hung in chains the bodies of many an outlaw and bushranger. But these wretches were men at least, and they were treated as brute beasts, and we need scarcely say they gave beasts' service. 7ou cannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witne&sod; —much less can you conceive the causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not acoount for them. " My grandfather for a long time had very little trouble with his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him little good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned servants there was one who had contrived to worm himself a little into the confidence of rather, the penalties of slavery that it insensibly vitiates the character of the masters themselves. The old soldier who detested anything like meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom he looked upon as inferior animals, and he .thought Limping Joe a very useful creature.' Joe, on the ottier hand, ijated the Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. . The Colonel believed, ini.-the cat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged lor every weal scored on his back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to have met the old man alone, but the chances of a struggle with him were deBperate, and besides hie sudden death would have been a poor satisfaction for the years of oppression at which it must be confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new-comer was a man who had been convicted of connection with some trade outrage in Sheffield. It was a strange time that, when men were driven from home and all they oved for the merest trifle, or if they showed the slightest opposition to the all-powerful oligarchy. The misfortunes of his life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretcb bad come to the very worst place for sympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing bnt the most ordinary communication between his servants and his family, and the young fellow, innocent as he was proved to be, wat left to bror.d over the injustice of the world without a word of consolation or a touch of jundness. .No wonder that there was nothing on his side but snllen submission, and on my grandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil oat ot'him.' " By all accounts Colonel Meadows made Cairnstock a hell to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. Xou will see a large tree on the opposite side of the back court, and near it a detached building. The building is the old Bridewell to whioh prisoners were consigned before being sent to Hobart, and, Heaven help us, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that paltry house could tell some awful tales if wo could give them tongues. "The Colonel had two children, a girl and a boy, both of whom he loved passionately, as men such ss he sometimes do; but he especially Bdored the lovely little Ada, the very apple of his eye. You will know whence my sister gets her name. Matters grew worse and worse for Williams, and Limping Joe watobed everything with a tiger's eye. About this time there were reports that a strong body of bushrangers who bad kept the weBtern parts of the island in terror had eome northward, and then Joe, taking advantage of the despair and wretchedness which possessed Williams' soul, tempted bim to join them. Williams seeing nothing but a life of misery or self-destruction before him consented, and one night they settled to start the next day for the mountains, and appointed a place of meeting. On that next day little Ada was found dead on the bank ot the river, and ber lovely body was mutilated almost beyond recognition. A bloody knife was found near, and every one recognised it as having belonged to Williams. He was not to be found, and of oourse the crime was at once laid at his door. Certainly the attendinE circumBtances went far to prove his guilt, and at that time much less would have established it in the eyes of free colonists. No one in the hurry and oonfueion seemed to notice the absence of Limping Joe. There was at that time one ot the aboriginals hanging about the station. We have contrived to civilise them off the face of the earth, so yon will not have a chance of seeing a specimen. His services as a tracker were immediately employed, and soon there was a strong party in pursuit. I need give you no details. It will be enough to tell you that tlie fugitives were overtaken, and after a fierce struggle Williams was severely wounded and made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, and as it was thought the murderer was hBrd and fast no very active pursuit was made after his companion. " The captive was brought here and thrown into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable sight. When he was accused of the crime he denied it in the strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and he was alone. Their passions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest proposed to roast the prisoner or make him confess. I can scaroely bear to tell yon the end. Good God I how unlimited power brutalizes us 1 The wounded man was dragged before a large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of the boughs, exposed to the double torture of the fire and of his injuries. I cannot imagine that the executioners really meant more than to extort a confession, but whether they meant more or not the miserable man was not cut down until tis senses had forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged him back to the look-up he partially recovered, and seeing my grandfather near he cursed him and his, and prayed that neither his son nor his son's son should ever live to reach his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, stiff, and still in the cell—done to death by our omniscient law. The very next day came his free pardon, his entire innocence of the crime in Sheffield having been proved. A short time brought the confirmation of his innocence of the murder also. Limping Joe joined the bushrangers just in time to Bhare in a few depredations and in their speedy rnin. He was shot down, and had barely time left to confess that he was the murderer of little Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself he had need Williams' knife to do the deed. " These few bald particulars will not be sufficient to make yon realise the horrible truth. One almost doubts the goodness of the Creator when we puzzle ourselves to find why such things can be. The share poor Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and I would give all these broad lands that no one of my blood had helped to make his part in life more wretched. Sometimes I think that his curse must have fallen on ns. My father had barely reached thirty-five —William's age was about that—when his dead body was washed up by the river near the spot where his sister's had been found yeare before. Oar poor mother did not survive him long, and we were left to the strangers' care. In all the southern hemisphere we have neither kith or kin to care for us or feel for us. Can it be the curse?" The story affected me more than I cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not often brought face to face with such horrors. But I was not going to let a simple story so easily undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I said to AU: " It is certainly a most painful incident to be even remotely connected with, but yon will scarcely bring me to believe that the actors in the tragedy have not something better to do than return to the scene. Is it said your little Bridewell is haunted ? To be sore there aren't many places that deserve it more." " You may judge for yourself if yon like," said Alf, " but I give you fair warning. I would not pass a night there for a Jringdom. I have done it once, and once is enough in a life-time." " Well, I shall try it this very night. Ada will not be home nntil to-morrow, and I may as well spend the time unravelling the secret." "All right; and if you do so no on( thank you more heartily for anything than I shall for thiB." The conversation turned on other topics, but Alf's spirits seemed to have fallen to zero, and gradually we became silent. I watched the lengthening shadows of the trees pass slowly over the lawn as the Bun dipped towards the western hills, and contrasted in my own mind the cold and dreary Christmas landscape of England with the gorgeous brilliancy of the scene before me. I was so absorbed in this that it was with a sudden start I heard three rapid knooks jnst as the sun disappeared behind a distant peak. I jumped to my feet at once, and was rather surprised that Alf took no notice unless a sickly smile on his lips betrayed his having heard it. "What was that?" said I. " Oh, nothing I" -said he, " or, rather, something we are pretty well aooustomed to." Of course-1 Gould - not show too much cariosity, yet I could not help feeling some- thing uncanny, b'iit this gradually wore away under the combined iaflnenoe of a stiff glass of toddy arid the Boothing smoke of a fragrant Havannah". ; Meantime whatever little preparations were necessary to make theJsolitaryBridewell tenantable for a night had been made before sundown, and Alf told me pretty plainly that I should have little chanoe of company, unless the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would venture near the little building for its weight in gold. This, however, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, during more than fifty years. CHAPTER II. There are two classes of soeptioB with regard to spiritual manifestions. The first simply ignores everything that would seem to SBvor ot proof. Suoh extrabr'dinary oiroumstances as Lord Brougham relates in his Autobiography, are to them merely evidences of a disordered liver, or at the best, only vague proofs of some affinity between mortals not depending on material existenoe, the exact extent of which scienoe will determine in tbe fulness of time. The other class will acknowledge the possibility of communication between the other world and this, but doubt that there are isolated oases of such communication. They say with fair enough reasoning, that the benefit to mankind would be so great that if granted at all it would be universal. Now, I belonged to the former class. Of course my education had led me to speculate on theories which have been before the world for centuries, but my conclusions were widdy different from the supernatural. The Lucretian doctrine of a present mind in matter seemed to me to satisfy all the demands of so-called spiritual phenomena, and where we could not comprehend, we oould take tbat doctrine as the basis of our investigations. My experience had never given me an opportunity of putting my theory to any test, and it was something akin to pleasure I found at hand a chance of testing the matter. The evident sincerety ot my friend assured me that, so far at least as he was ooncerned, there was nothing approaching imposition, bnt this did not convince me that there was no imposition elsewhere. If human beings had anything tj do with an attempt to frighten the stranger, I was determined they would not get off Boot free. I took with me a faithful little revolver, which had done me good service on the Upper Nile. The little building was a plain structure two stories high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The upper storey had been the prison. The prisoners were seoured in a very primitive fashion. The upper storey was reached by a laddor and trap-door, to which were still attached the rusty remains of tho ancient fastenings. This means of confinement certainly saved the trouble of the warders who took possession of the lower chamber, but there was little need of constant watch and ward. A Btretoher bed, a table and a fire were all the preparations ade for my reception—the fire only to give ime cheerfulness to the desolate scene, as tbe weather was warm enough. 1 bad provided myself with both an ordinary lamp and small boll's ey6 lantern, and to occupy my _jind had brought a copy of Horace, whose sterling common-sense and manliness would, I thought, prove an antidote to any mental vagaries. , I first mounted a crazy ladder, and thoroughly examined the upper chamber, but found nothing—absolutely nothing. The poor prisoners had not even a ray of light -to gladden them. There was not even a slit in' the thick masonry to admit a stray sunbeam. Verily our fathers were men of iron. The inspection did not take long to complete, and I turned to the trap-door to descend, bnt as I came near I saw it gradually fall over, and that, too, without any noise, though it creaked loud enough when I first pushed it from beneath. Down it sank gradually as if the moving power supported it m its descent, not as if it had received one impulse and then dropped of its own weight. Of oourse the time taken was not sufficient for me to reason on the matter. I could only grasp for the moment the bare fact that the door was shut and that I had probably neglected to push it up high enough. Passing my fingers through an openiog at tbe side I pulled and pulled with all my might, but the door resisted every effort. Again and again I tried in every direction without any success, andl had come to the conclnBion that by some meanB or other it had got jammed, and I should have to spend my night on the bare boards, whsn it suddenly flew open with such violence that I was almost dashed against the will, and at the same moment I heard what I can only describe as the echo of a hoarse laugh, bnt where it came from I could not say. I am not ashamed to confess that when I got to the foot of the ladder I seriously deliberated whether or not I should give up the enterprise, but the fear of a:ofi\ which makes many a man a hero, prevailed, and I determined to see it out. I threw myself, dressed aB I was, on the little bed. At its head was the table, on which were placed the lamp, the revolver, and my watch. I settled down to one of the Satires, and for a time forgot where I was. Just as my eyes began to feel heavy I was recalled to full conscioasness by observing a peculiar haze grow around the lamp. One minute before it burned bright and clear, now, though the flame was still thers, it seemed robbed of its light. I quickly sat upon the bed, and with. something like terror saw the blaze of both lamp and fire overwhelmed by a palpable darkness. The darkness approached Blowly, as if it was a bodily entity, and bit by bit conquered itB enemy, just as a thick mist covers the landscape after sunset. I felt its approach, bnt if Z could bare gained s kingdom; by doing .'so I could not-move a single limb. - It approached from all sides, and just as its most opaqne part reached the table something like an immense hand was sent forth and enveloped revolver and watch before my-eyes. My senses were painfully acute,andlthonghtleouldheartbeolinkof the chain of the latter when it was raised from the table. I myself was forced backward as if by a mighty -weight, but felt no weight, or even touch. For some seconds I lay without moving, but bending every power of my mind to resist, I would not fear. Then I was conscious of the bed floating in the air, thongh I could perceive no motion. It soon settled again, but I thought in a different position, and I immediately seemed to recover some power over my limbs. I tried to pierce the surrounding darkness with staring eyes, but I felt as if the blackness clothed .everything like a positive envelope, and for the first time I realised "a darkness which oonld be felt," not merely a negative want of light. From one part, however, I waB convinced all these manifestations proceeded. It waslike acentreof operation,and to this part I directed all my attention. Without any relief in the surrounding dark. neBs, I fancied, the obscurity here beoame intensified and the other parts by contraBt less dim. Soon it took shape—indefinite, bat still a shape, and at the same instaut a lurid glare tinged the extremities and gave a horrid prominence to the indistinct mass. Like the phantasms of a fever it revolved within itself, and the horror of its possibilities were in my mind a thousand times more dreadful than' the realities. One minute, and there strnok my ears the shrill-scream of B child, which curdled the blood in my veins, and then tbe revolutions and contortions redoubled. Soon I heard the hoarse cries of anger, mingled vith the groans and sobs of one in mortal agony, and the heavy tread of men in the chamber above, and the sickening thump, thump as of a body dragged roughly over- the floor, filled my ears. Tne huge indefinite maBS seemed the origin and source from whioh all this arose. To me it took the form of an irrevocable destiny. Notwithstanding all these horrors I retained my senses, and even tried hard to speculate on them. That I was in the immediate presence of some awful power I knew; that it could injure die I doubted, so long as I was true to myself.' The greatest torture I en- dared tras the consciousness of my own impotence. I oonld only passively resist my spiritual faculties being weakened by human disabilities. What I saw dimly appeared the reflection of the evolution of an inevitable fate. While these thoughts orossod my mind the mass before me became more and mote distinct, as the obscure forms of a magic lantern gradually assume shape on the j]]0. mined field, and there stood out in relief t face with tliB features writhed and distorted with acony and hate. The faoe did not seem to r. prasent the mass as the human face rep. re?eiiti the man. It seemed rather an emana. tion or product of it. I was horror struck bp its expression but did not fear it. It gradually faded and gave place to a succession of ghaatlj appearances, eaoh of whioh retained human characteristics, but a thousand times mote repulsive than the creation of a nightmare. All this time I was endeavoring, with s|| my strength of will, to psrsuade myself that what I looked at was nothing but a waking vision without reality—a dismal fancy, but I dared not, however, attempt to spring up and dispel the illusion. I caught myself hoping that the horrid din might bring some one to my assistance, and the next moment I doubted if anyone save rayself could hear it. From the very fact that I could reason on the matter, I judged I was regarding a reality, not the phantasmagoria of delusion. The whirling of the centre 6till oontinuea and gradually it seemed to take the form ol a child with long fair hair, but a glow around the head revealed the features a mass o! wounds, and a broad deep gash from car to ear. The sight for an inBtant almost un. manned me, and I felt my courage to endure almost forsaking my heart aotualiy. I hoped for insensibility as a relief from this mental torture. By some intuition I seemed at this moment to gain an insight into the hidden meaning. I thought I looked upon tbe^fate of the home to which I was about to ally myself, at lead its fate in connection with that place. The lythology of ancient Greece and Rome gives _3 many instances of plaoes being under the direct ibHuenoe of some occult power, sometimes benevolent, more frequently male, volent or capricious.. The folk-lore of Germany, of Ireland, of Scotland, and indeed ol all countries, tells us ot the awful power ol these genii loci. Why then if there ia the slightest grounds for such traditions should these countries not have them as well as those longer known? The malign influence with which they are credited in Europe may be quite as active in Australia, and they maj have revenged themselves for some fancied slight on the family of my host and of my future wife. It is strange tbat such thoughts, and indeed conclusions, sbonld force themselves on my mind at such a moment. I seemed, however, at this stage to bave become an indifferent spectator, and by the force of logic to haw reconciled myself to look upon this hornd apparition as one having no personl interest in its significance, but I was mistaken. Suddenly, the darkness lifted like tbe fleecy cloud before the morning breeze. The scene enlarged and I saw the deep river as it flosei past the Cairnstock meadows; but, great Heavens 1 in the stream, struggling for life and beating the waters with ineffectual blows, I saw my dear friend, my brother. God o! Heavens I was it a fact, a present disaster, or the premonition of a future fate? Madly I straggled to hurl myself from my couch, hot I was bound to it as if by seven- fold cords, and had to gaze helpless while the white ghastly face rose and sank again and again until the waters slowly rippled over his head, and the dark shadow became more and more obscure in the cold depth of the stream. The icy sweat of horror sprung from every pore, and I fancied the sound of hideorn mocking laughter—the laughter of fiendsfilled all the space around. I was powerless —powerless, and could not even summon courage enough to pat an end to my agonj, by active resistance. The river scene then changed, and a distinct view of the House appeared, hot how different! The flames gushed from every window. The chimneys tottered and threatened the roof-tree, across which tbe stealthy fire spread slowly as if sure of its prey. But whom did I see at one ot the windows girt with a dreadful circle of lambent flame? The glowing eddy licks her form, and ber glorious hair is shrivelled at the touch. Soon the bright form will ba in its deadly embrace, and my Ada, my life, my soul . Human nature could stand no more. I shrieked an agony, and threw out my hand. It was olasped in cold, deadly fingers, and from the extremity of the nails to the shoulder a chill as of the grave struck to the very marrows. I remember no more. When my senses were restored, Ada wae leaning over my bed, her sweet countenance betraying the anxiety she felt, and Alt, with misery in every feature, stood watching me. He bitterly blamed himself, and was blBmed by his sister for allowing me to subject myself to such an ordeal, but I maintained that only myself was in lault, if any fault there were. It was anything but a merry Chnstmas we spent. I related what I saw to Alf, and be seemed struck with my theory of accounting for the phenomena. "I may tell jou," said he, "that on that awful night I spent in tbat room I saw everything that you saw, with the exception of my own appearance. That tbe two of us should have the Bame experience is something more than extraordinary. You mean to say that probably the influence, whatever it may be, is only local, and it we should removes from this we should have peace." "At any rate I think so, and it is simply useless to attempt to reason on such a theme. It is one of those things whioh our philosophy cannot comprehend. I give yon my word, my Ada, with my will, and pleasure will never re-enter this honse after she once leaves its door in my company. Indeed, I should prefer that our marriage should take place immediately in Launceston, and, dear Alf, you will, I am BUM, agree with me that after that dreadful night I have nol much prospect of peace of mind in this country at all, beautiful as it is." Ada and I were married a week after. V>< pereuaded Alf to remove to Victoria, and he easily got rid of the old station. There is one subjeot we rarely speak about, and that is the old Bridewell at Cairnstock House. This is my Btory, and I leave the wise to acoount for what I have related. The fool may say it is all nonsense, the man of the world may say, a dream of feverish excitement, but the sage will say, there is more things in Nature than we dream of in our philosophy. ; THE Emperor of Austria has jast presented the Sultan ol Turkey with- six white horses ol remarkable symmetry and beauty. ,Tbe» horaea areof Spanish breed which exists only in the Emperor's .stud, -who possesses no« only a dozen. » Two superb sets of harness were sent with each horse. 