Amiiseiiients. Theatee Boyal.— '.'LesCioohes de CornevDie' I has drawn each good houses curing t.h.8 week as ware | to i-e expected from the asbisfaetbry style in which : iiha( charming little opera has been presented. The j JJPPL^J. p££?QrHuiiiC8 %oojs. pl#c@ S^tsjb ni^rlit. ^^ fxcsllent - acjblngf rf 'SK jK«^Jy* «e ihe _Mieer Gdspard. ! Mr. Veznon's spirited interpretation of the part] of. ibe Marquis, tlie quaint drollery of Sir.' John Wallace as Gobbe, the comicalities of Mr. John novae as tie li&iiae; ; atia last, tuougii decifleaiy not least, the siaping £ud ^otiii^ of yMisa Fanny Lid diard &e; fijeraajse, «ind of Miss ifellit) Stejvart as Seruolette, obtaining .due r«co^mtion from a numer- J Qua audience. Tilis evening the new opera of 'The] 2£prry Dnohess,' composed by i£r. Frederiok Clay, j and tp wiiiah .Sir. George E. Sims, of ' Lights o' j London' celebrity, has contribcted the words, will ] be presented for the Sfst time ia Anetraiia. In this j piece Miss Ora-ck Pl&iBted; spiil make iier fi- sfc appear- i anoe in Sydney, and will sustain the character of iioweaa. it will also introduea for &e; first time in comie operp. here Mr, Philip Day, a gentleman slready known to as by his admirable efforts ia another line. Opbea House. — The clevercess witii which Miss Jfeanie Lee lias depicted the roUiekis? hero of Boaci cault's famous drama of '* The Shau?hrauu,' has deservedly found great fayciir wish tbo yablic. What ever else the impereonu.tion -may lack, there is ( certainly no wast of ' go ' mit; JSdiss Lee's spirit and j herself to keenly relish its liomour. Her speech occa sionally *' bewrays' her, but on tha whole, aha gets over the difficulties of tho brogue very creditably in deed, probably mnch better than most actors, whoso speciality doep not happenito ba Irish comedy, could do. And in those all important aceomplighineuts of j a stsge Irishman, singing- and dascinsr, i=b9 is fully j up to the required standard : so that, making das j allevrance for the noyelty of the esperi- 1 ment, there is fair reason to be satisfied i with the taste of her quality which she fdve.a in Conn. It really showe fthat there is in Mies Lee more versatility than — to use Mr. Bunthore's phrase ' — 'a casual spectator would imagine.' Her Irieh { boy i3, in fine, a very amusing if not strictiy natural I &rure.; Cswujy Kiachella, the Tiiiaja of the) piece, is ably xepiseonted by Mr. James Oardea, and Mr. Oily Desrnig is ofiec^ive as t4i9 sneaking socHmdrel Harvey Duff, though, bis tongue does not accommodate itself very well to the required conditions, a disadvantage under whioh most of the eurrounding1 Irish peasant figures also labour. The play is elaborately mounted, &pd; the sensational scenes heightened by appropriate mechanioal effects. Ic wiil be repeated for six nights more, s.nd is the fits.1 producticii in whica iliss Jennie Lee-will appear in Australia. GaiETT Thsatee. — ^The burletque and pantouiiae cf Jack the Giant Killer, iave ai&jrd;&d; tho members of Stanley's Juvenile Opera Company an oppori unity of exhibiting themselves to much advantage. The incidents of the former are very tveil arranged, several songs are introduced, and s, variety of dasces aud marches; the costumes are brilliant, and tho othsr accessories in mcEt ie a celightful one ; bat fey- ihv liutect'itioii of ? those children of a larger gxowi.li, by wiic tacit ;» a.Iso \ patronised, the liialogua is ecliveaed by i&ai-.y; oicver ! aliueions to tiio topiae of the hour. Tlie fjiiric-quin-tde ] is very spirited, and the tranfiforrcaticn quite si yr;r goou3 spectacle. An afternoon jjsjrfovmanee takes j place to-day, and ia the oreriia^ 'Jack' wiii br3 i playsd for the last time. It ia to be follcwe-l on j Monday eveniag by ' The Pir&res; cf PaeEanie.' ! Acapems: of Music. — There was a lar^e amlienee ! last night to witness the Federal Minstrels, and tha I usual hearty applause waa accorded to their highly j amusing performance. The G-irards displayed their i mtu'rellous ability and liihc-ncss of limb, au.a I onee more loft the epeetar.oi.-8 wonderiue as to whether these extraordinary contortloniste could rfiaily be fashioned with bone and muscla I like ordinary folk. The double- voiced singer, I Mj\ H. Carroll, tyho was ia great voice, received riua ] recognition which his, efforts deserved; &ad; the j humours of SleBars. Hueecy, Beet, Kru-shj. and j Cowan were as laughter-provoking as ever. Frank | Husaey's farce, eutided ' A Ghost ifl a Paivashop,' ! with which tho performance concluded, was fall of ] situations that were irresistibly droll. There is to be oa entire change of programme this evening, aaS ] auothec presumably valuable accsssica to the miu.- ] Ktrel ranks has been m&de; in the cairft;cmsiii of Mr. | Albert £Ianvera, the champion p&ieetai; sk&ter.; - basjoist, and comedian. The fourth anniversary of the institution of the Hope of Darlington Lodge, I.O.G.T., was celebrated by a fruit soiree and concert on Monday evening last in the Darlington Conneil-chambere. Tfee hall was orowded with a very orderly t,nd appreciative lAJissvss;' sad ILc -chak- ws?. --taken, -h? -M?-! J. W^tnon (Haypr of ©irlingtoB), 'ftlio opened the proceedings by addressing the audience upon the benefits derived from the order and its various principles, fie was well received. 'Several other gentloaten v-eie on the platform, and spoke in refer ence to the progreas cf the iaetitutioi: aicoe its forma tion. An excellent programme, consisting of vocal and instrumental selections, was rau'icred by ladies and gentlemen of talent, vrho frequently had to I respond to applause. During ths- interval as ample eupply of refreshments was provided, and all seemed thoroughly satisfied with the proceedings, which were very successful, and terminated by eingiug the Na tional Anthem. 