HOSPITAL SUNDAY. Yesterday was observed as Hospital Sunday in Sandhurst, and the weather was most favorable for the occasion. Tho collections are almost equal to last year, the total being £452 los 4d, as against £459 2s 7-jd, known on the Sunday last year. Of course the amount is likely to be swelled during the next few days by further amount;;, and the Hospital Saturday contributions will, no doubt, also reach a respectable figure. The collec tion at the open-air service was £96 Os Oid, .13 against £09 10s 10.'. d last year. The total from the various Churches of England is £91 10s 9d; from St. Ivilian's, £i?0; from tho Wesleyan, £54 14s 5d; from the Presbyterian, £4G Is 4d; from the Salvation Army, £32 0s lOd; from the Lutheran, £19 Ss, from the Congregational, £14 4s; from the Bible Christian, £0 7s; and from tho Baptist Church, £6. The collection at the Jewish Synagogue will be taken up next week. THE OPEN AIR SERVICE. Tho main feature in the day's proceedings was of course the open air service held by tho United Fire Brigades of the district in the Upper Reserve, which attracted a large concourse of people. The weather was fine, but rather hot and sultry. There must have been 7,000 or S,000 peoplo present during the afternoon. Shortly after two o'clock the various brigades assembled at the Town Hall in JIarket-square and a procession was formed, Mr. E. Flood acting as marshal. The order of tho procession was as follows Northcott's Brass Band, under the conductorship of Mr, Northcott; the No. 1 Brigade, under the command of Captain Lanigan; City Brigade, Captain Pinnell, Kangaroo Flat Brigade Temperance Brigade, Captain Saunders; Long Gully Brigade, Captain Deeble; and tho Golden-squaro Brigade, with Captain Williams in command, each member of the latter brigade having a pretty bunch of flowers. The procession marched up Lyttleton Terrace, down Mundy-street, along the Mall, round the Alexan dra Fountain at Charing Cross, and up View Point, entering the reserve by the gate near the Survey Office. Tho band played a number of sacred airs en route, and the streets through which the procession passed'were lined'with people, who followed it into the Reserve. On arrival on tho ground tho members of the band and brigades ■took up their positions in front of a temporary platform, over which floated the Union Jack. Tho Golden- square Brigade then marched to tho Bendigo Hospital, where they left their bunches of flowers for the patients. The Rev. J. F. Frewiu, of St. Mary's Church of England, Kangaroo Flat, officiated in the Reserve, and after singing a prayer, preached an eloquent and im pressive sermon, which was attentively listened to throughout. The rev. gentleman took his text from 1st Corinthians, 13th chapter, 13th verse—" And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity." In the course of a few introductory remarks, he said, " The one thought that fills and animates the breast of the multitude, is how best to help on the noble institutions of the land, and to increase their income. Can a nobler "lnotive move the breast than that which to-day is brought before us. It is to my mind carrying out the second great and chief commandment, namely, ' To love thy neighbour as theyself.' He then proceeded to notice a few characteristics of charity. First he pointed out that charity is long suffering, and after enlarging upon this theme, arrived at the second portion of his discourso, ' Charity is inventive. Hence the many grand and noblo institutions that grace and beautify our land.' Under this head he said:—" It is impossible for us to prize too highly the hospital, with it3 many suffering inmates, where almost every description of disease is treated, and hundreds during the year treated successfully, and if there be a case which baffles the skill of the physician the poor sufferer is relieved as much as possible. Every thing is done that kindnoss and skill can devise, no expenso is spared if but a little ease can be given to the puor sinking sufferer, whose end is drawing near. Thank God for such willing hearts and hands to minister to the sick and dying. But again, I think it would bs impossible to praise too much our medical staff, who give so rnucn of their time, talent, and energy to this noble work, and though often weary in body and jaded in mind, are willing to spend their last particle of strength in the good cause. _ But we must not forgot the willing hands and nimble feet of the nurses, who flit among the patients like angels of mercy with a kind word and tender hand to choer the heart and smooth tho pillow of tho sick and dying. What could wo do without our hospitals ? What could we do with the many accidents that occur in these mining districts. I don't think we should know what to do. Hardly a week parses by, and often not a day, without some poor fellow being injured in some way or other; and, then, what is our first thought—Away ! away with him to the hospital with all possible speed—and why? because we know that everything is there, kept ready for any emergency; there the broken limb can bo set, tho terriblo wound bound up, tho unconscious sufferer tenderly and quietly put to bod, and watched with parentlike tenderness for the first sign of returning consciousness and life, and the best remedies used for tho restoration of health and strength. In a word, all will be done that ekill and kindness can devise. Can any nobler theme inspire my tongue, Than this display of cliarity to suffering man; Here charity and love together meet, While we in mercy's path each other greet. But thore is yet another institution that demands our notice—namely, tho Benevolent Asylum, and second only to that of the Hospital. Here the aged poor are cared for, housed, clothed, and fed ; one that demands our help and support. What many of the old pioneers of Australian greatness would do without tho help given by this institution it would be impossible to say. Would it not be a standing disgrace to the inhabitants of this dis trict, yea, of the whole colony also, if they were to allow these to go uncared for and unfed; those who havo helped to make Australia what it is to-day, a wonder to tho world. True they may have been improvident, but up braid them not. Remember, ' Charity suffereth long, and is kind.' What they have dug out of the earth in days gone by and spent foolishly, others have received, and been benefited thereby; the gold has been circulated, and the country made richer by their labor, and perhaps, also by their folly. Therefore, as far as lieth in you, suffer not these old and worn out sons of toil to suffer tho pangs of hunger, or die uncared for by you they have helped to mako rich. It has been my privilege during the few months I have been at Kangaroo Flat to sign a goodly number of letters for out-door relief, and I feol sure that this out-door relief is a step in the right direction, and in ad vanco of many institutions of the kind; the amount also- given is certainly in advance of Bal larat, Sydnoy and Melbourne, as tho committee has so clearly shown by their report in last Wed nesday's paper. What is sweeter than freedom, and the old diggers who have in many cases their own houses or huts, and perhaps a little garden as well, what is more natural than that thoy should prefer out door relief to breaking up their homes and enteringthc asylum? While in the bush, or turning over again the old diggings, they feel as free as the air they breathe, or as the birds that fly above their heads. By giving out-door relief,you aro helping them who are trying their best to help themselves, and encouraging that spirit of freedom of which Englishmen so love to boast, and I think I may also add, doing unto others what j-e would men should do to you. 'Tis not enough that we with sorrow sigh— True chruity the wants of pleading men supply, And will in sympathy with sufferers feel, Nor hear a grief without a wish to heal. Truly charity is inventivo. Has it not called into existence this very day, now commonly called Hospital Sunday. Surely too much praise cannot be giron to those who, from a desiro to help and benefit their fellowmen, have united to carry out tho arrangements connected with this day, and have by their management and energy caused this vast assembly to meet together year after year, swayed and moved by one common feeling of humanity and love." Tho rev. gentleman then referred at some length to the virtue of self-denial for the good of others, and said that "the many charitable institutions to be found amongst the English speaking people are a standing testimony to the generosity and kindly feoliug of the Anglo-Saxon race. No people can boast of such grand, noble, and magnificent buildings devoted to chari table objects. They bcstud the land like so many monuments to the loving sympathy and brotherly kindness to bj found in the race." He urged his hearers to never be ashamed of the liible, whish inculcated such virtues as he had described, and said "tho blessed truths contained in this sacied volume have penetrated to the very heart, and begotten that lovo and charity that is tho astonishment of tho world. May we nil bo found resting on Jesus Christ as our Saviour, of whom this volume speaks so much. Oh to tiu=t Him for life and salvation, then shalt wo know, as we can never know without the jwiver of that love, that charity that knov.-s no bounds. True charity, a plant 'livinv!y nursed ; Fed by the iovefroin v.-li;ch it rose at first. 0 charity, our helpless nature's pride; Thou friend of him who kno-.vs uo friend beside. Thine is the spirit, that v.'ith v.-idest plan Brother to brothtr hinds, and man to ina-i. When the fleet vanities of life's brief day, Oblivious ?hall have .r'.-cpt'a-.vay; Kach arr, l>y charity and mercy done. Hiu'h o'er the ",vr<x-k of time shall live alone. Iinmort.il as the H eavens and beauteous bloom, Xu other worlds and realms beyond the tomb." Selected hymns, printed specially for the occa sion and distributed amongst the spectators by in mates of the asylum, were rendered during the services, the band leading the vocal exercises in a superior stylo. At the conclusion of the sermon tho band played Handel's Hallelujah chorus very effectively. Subsequently they rendered a number of other choice pieces of ?,icred music, including The Heaven"! are telling " which were keeuly appreciated by tho largo concourse of people pre sent. The arrangements made for taking up the collections were of a very complete character, gentlemen with collecting boxes being placed at all the principal entrances to the lieserve. The following were the localities of those who assisted to take up the collection :—No. 1 gate, near tho Bank of Victoria, Messrs. W. D. C. Denovsn and M. Stoppelbein; No. 2 gate, Survey Office, Messrs. Mumfnrd, Robshaw, Kennedy, and G. Owen;No. 3 gate, View Point, Messrs. W. White, and W. Taylor; No. 4 gate, corner of View and Barnard streets, Messrs. T. Guest, and H. Vallance; No. r> gate, Barnard-street, Messrs. H. Birch, and Bcale; No. 6 gate, near the asylum, Messrs. Geo. Pallett, and Barclay; No. 7 gate, near Harney's Bridge, Messrs. Chapman, and J. Waller; No. 8 gate, Mundy-street, Messrs. Prichard, and Dixon; No. 10 gate, Bull-street, Messrs. H. Holmes, and I Uaymond; No. 9 gate, Williamson street, Messrs. I E. W. Ivirby, and V/. Stranghair. In addition to these gentlemen a number of other members of tho brigades and the committer of both institutions canvassed amongst those cn the ground. The approximate statement of money* collected amounts to £06 0s id, of which sum i'o'l have been directed to be devoted to the contagious diseases ward of tho hospital only. The amount was made up as follows:—Bank note, £1; sovereign, £1; half-sovereigns, £2; half-crowns, £3 ; florins, £o Si; shillings, £33; sixpences, £"2S~s 6d; fourpennies, 13 Sci; threepences, £19 Ss 3d; bronze, £2 14s7Ad total, £96 Os id. The thanks of the United Fire Brigades are due to Mr. .T. Northcott and the members oE his talented band for their valuable services so kindly volunteered, also to ^Ir. W. Bird and Mr. j. Kenwick, who conveyed the seats, platform, etc., to and from the ground. After the service some of the firemen went to Lake Weeroona with their collecting boxes, ar.d called in at the Chinese Camp, where Xi-Gan and Ah Foo rendered them every assistance in their appeal to che Celestials for contributions. THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AT \LL SAINTS.' The Bishop o£ Melbourne preached at AU Saints' yesterday morning, and administered the Lord's supper. He took as his text Luke, 19th chapter, 'Jth verse—"And Jesus said unto them, this day is salvation come to this house, for as much as he also is a son of Abraham." After alluding to the time when these words wero uttered by the Saviour on his last journey towards Jerusalem, he said Zaccheus was one whose curiosity was greater than any among the crowd, and yet ho was amongst the most despised in the community. In his anxiety to see the Lord be had climbed a sycamore tree, in which he wa3 ob served by Jesus, who bent upon him a look of encouraging, soul elevating, and redeem ing power, as he intimated his wish to abide at Zaccheus' house. Zaccheus felt that loving glance of the Lord, and said, "Lord, I am thine and all my wealth is thine, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken anything from any man by false accu sation, I restore him fourfold." That was the ring of the true metal. It was not a talk of being happy, in professions of ecstatic joy, but of being happy in the performance of actions approved by the Lord. Then it was that Jesns utlerrd the words of the text. Zaccheus' confession was the voice of true repentance. It grieved him to know that there were men in this day who were so wrapt up in wordly affairs that they bestowed no thought on their spiritual welfare. He urged his hearers to be thorough, and to make their lives answerable to their professions. If they have no restitution to make, they have great deeds to perform with the money which God has given thom. They have hospitals to support. If asked to contribute to the poor, they may ask how the poor became poor ? They cannot ask that about the sick. They cannot restore them to self-help, till they have helued the healers of the body. Ho prayed God that they might give what they possess to Christ, and merit the absolving words, "Salvation has come to this soul to-day." The musical portion of the service was very effec tive. Precisely at eleven the chorister boys and men, arrayed in their surplices and cassocks, followed by the incumbent and the bishop, inarched in procession from the vestry to the choir stalls, singing^ the favorite hymn " Onward christian soldiers," to Mr. King's tune, with great effect. Tho service was intoned according to Ely usage. The choir is ex ceedingly numerous, and contains so many excel lent solo voices that Mr. King's new " Te Deura," written especially for the day, was produced with a delicacy of expressive art, alternated with such a powerful breadth of tone that a finer setting of the ancient hymn ascribed to St. Ambrose could hardly be des'ired. Mr. J. Jolly sang the tenor solo "When thou tookest," Mr. A. Tawse tho bass solo, with subduid chorus, " When thou hadst overcome," and Mrs. Kussell the soprano air " Vouchsafe, O Lord." Dykes' benediction, Barnby's offertory sentences, and the admirable singing of two hymns relative to the holy com munion, and tho duty of alms giving, completed tha musical portion of the service, over which Mr. H. J. King, at the organ, presided with his usual slrill. In the evening the same order of service waa observed. The canticles were sung to A. T. Turner iu E flat, and the anthem was Gounod's " 0! Saving Victim." The Rev. J. Garlick preached from Mark, 22nd chapter, 40th verse The morning collection amounted to £31 15s lid; the evening collection to £4 7s; making, with las 9d from the Chinese,.u total of £30 18s 8d. OTHEK CHURCHES. At St. Paul's Church the Rev. G. F. Cross preached an effective sermon from St. Matthew, 22nd chapter, 32nd verse, "I hive co-npassion on the multitude." In the evening Archdeacon MacCullagh preached from Acts, X chapter, 4th verse. " Thy prayers and thine alms are como up for a memorial before God." The church was filled to its utmost capacity. Mr. L. Richardson pre sided at the organ on both occasions, and the musical portion of the services consisted of Hop kins' Te Deum, Dykea' Henedictus, Goss' Mag nificat, Goss'nunc dimittis, and tho anthem "0 taste arid see," by the same author. The collection in the morning was £17 13s -Id, in the evening £21 Is Gd, the Sunday school t'4 ISs, total £43 12a lOd. At St. Kilian's pro-cathedral masses were cele brated at eight and nine o'clock by the Rev. D. F. O'Connell, and at 11 o'clock by the Very Rev. Dr. Reville, all being attended by largo congrega tions. Dr. Reville preached an eloquent and appropriate sermon, basing his remarks on tho gospel of Use day, John, 4th chapter, 46th and 53rd verses, wherein it is related that a certain ruler having hoard that Jesus was come from Judea into Galilee, went to him and prayed him to come down and heal his son, for he was at tho point of death. Jesus, therefore, said to him " Unless you see signs and wonders, you believo not." The ruler said to Him "Lord, come down before that my son die." Jesus saith to him " Go thy way, thy son liveth." The rev. gentleman concluded his discourse by pointing out the nob1 a opportunity held out to them to display tlio Christian virtue of charity, by contributing to tho support of cur charitable institutions. He assured them that by giving generously they would bo following tho Divine precepts and example, and storing up for themselves treasures where the rust or moth doth not consume, and which would be multiplied for them a hundred-fold. He would leave it to themselves, and felt sure they would not be behind-hand on the occasion. The choir gave an excellent rendition of Haydn's No. 4 Mass, and whilst the collection was being taken up Mr. M. Macoboy, and chorus sang the otfertorimn, "Date Sonitum," in capi al style. At vespers, the Rev. D. F. O'Connell officiated, and delivered an excellent sermon, taking his text from the 11th Psalm, 2nd and 3rd verses—"Blessed is ho that understandeth concerning the needy and the poor; the Iiord will deliver him in the evil day; tho Lord will preserve him, and give him life and make hira blessed upon earth, and deliver him not up to the will of his enemies." The collections at tho various services during the day amounted to over £80, but the exact sum was not known at tho palace last evening. At St. Andrew's Church, Dr. Nish preached in themoruingfrom Acts, 10th chapter,3Sth verse, tho words "Who went about doing good." In tho evening the sermon was based on the 24th chapter of Proverbs, 11th verao, "If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn uuto death, and those that are ready to bo slain; if thou saj'czt behold, we knew it uot; doth not ho that ponderetli the heart consider it ? and he that keopeth thy soul doth not he know it ? and shall not he render to overy man according to his works ?" Thero were good congregations at each service. Tho collection amounted to £2G, and the total with i'2 collected in the evening at St. John's was 628. Tho Rev. V. M. Riordan conducted the services at Chalmers' Church yesterday morning and evening. The attendances at both services were good. In the morning the1 rev. gentleman preached from Galatians, Gth chapter, Sth verse. In tho evoning ho delivered another excellent discourse from tho former half of the same verso. The col lections at the two services amounted to £14. At the German Church the Rev. F. Leypoldt preaclicd an eloquent sermon, taking his text from St. Matthew, 5th chapter, 42nd verse, Gkb dan dcr dick bitUt (Give to liim that asketh thee.) The rev. gentleman in touching languago referred to the founder of Christianity, who had a warm heart for poor and suffering people, and who by his example practically showed that wo should follow him in carrying out tho precept, "Loi'o thy neighbor as thyself." The claims of the local Hospital and Benevolent Asylum were then vividly brought beforo those present, and every one requested to give according to his means. A suggestion was made that the Sunday school chil dren should also begin to contribute towards these charitable institutions. During tho service, in addition to appropriate hymns sung by tnc con gregation, Herr Gollmick's new lithurgy and anthem, especially composed for the occasion, were excellently rendered by the choir. The piece* consisted of 41 And with thy Holy Ghost," " ffal lolujah," 11 Holy, Holy, Amen." Thd blessing of our Lord," anthem, " Confidence in God; baas solo, Herr Louis German; trio, Herren Louis and Carl German, Fraulcin German, and Fraulcin Meyer. Herr Golhnick'fi new compositions are very creditable to him. The collections amounted to £17 10s, and those of the Sunday school to £1 l<Ss, making a total of £1D Ss. AttheCongregational Church, the former pastor, tlie Kev. J. King, officiated at both services. In the morning he chose as his text the 26th verse of the -1th chapter of John. In the evening jie preached from the Oth chapter of second Corin thians, 15th verse. The total amount collected at bof.h .services was £11 13? 3d, and £2 10* Od was collected at the Sunday school in the afternoon. At the Wesleyan Church, Forest-street, the Kov. J. Greer preached from the 10th chapter cf Matthew, -*2nd verse, "And whosoever shall give to (Jiink uuto one of theso little one-* a cup of cold water only m the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, lie >hall in no wise lose his reward." In tiie evening the Ho v. J. Cowpertbwaite preached fr«>m Gaiatians, 2nd chapter 10th verse. "Only they would that we should remember the pr>or;tha same which I also was forward to do." The col lections amounted to £21. At the Primitive Methodist Church, Rowan street, Mr. Gill conducted services in the morning, and the Kev. M. Clarke in the evening. The total amount realised in the morning was £1, and in* the evening £1 7s Od. ^Afc the Church of Christ, Temperance Hall, Sir. V*'- W. Davey conducted services last evening, and baw*d his remarks on the 12th verse of Komans, 11th chapter, 31th and 12th verses of the 13th chapter of John. The total amount collected was £2 hi (}>}. At the Salvation Army Barracks Captain Uirlcenshaw and Major Howard conducted the services. There were large congregations and the collection amounted to £32 0s. 10a. At theUnited Methodist Church, Calvin street, the liev. John Wakefield, of Canada, conducted the morning service, taking for hU text II Peter, lit chapter and part of the ">th verse. Theiov. gentleman preached a thoughtful and instructive sermon. The Rev. J. Green preached in the evening, showing the need of supporting charitabio institutions. Collections were t-.ken up in^aid <•: the hospital, but the amount has not transpired At the Baptist Church, in the morning the sermon by the liev. »T. Gregson was a continuation of the sermon of the previous Sunday, the text being JEpheM.ana, 4th chapter, 1st, 2nd, and .'>rd %crses. In the evening the Kev, J. Gr^g^-H preached from Matthew, 14th chapter, l-'oiii v<jr.-.'} the words "And as many as touched were made perfectly whole." The sermon deak with Christ« sympathy, the extent of its manifestations, ^ variety and completeness, the benevolence t of Christ's sympathy and the con&itiond; under wbica •t tvas osercised, and the power of Christ over len's swrits- The collection amounted to £G. -U tho Weslepn Chnrch, Lour Gully, the Rev. T Cowriertlnvaite preached in the morning from r\htian=, 2nd chapter, 10th verso; and in tile nvening t,le W- L' ^lamire3 selected ,-v iiortion of the Sth verse, 1-Jth chapter of St. Mark. The Kev. A. J. Preivitt officiated at St. itfatthow's, Long Gully, in tho morning and eveu j\a'r. No collections were taken up for the cl'lt the Long (Jnlly Bible Christian Church, tho I Kev. H- l'attinson discoursed in theinorning from St Mark, 2nd chapter, 3rd to 5th verses; and Mr. John Hooper in tho evening, from Luko, 2nd chapter, 25th to 32nd verses. Tim collections from a few Bible Christian Churches in the Eaglehawk district will not be mide known nntil next Sunday. At tho Wesleyan Church, Uolden-smiaro, tho Kev. A, Powell officiated in tho morning'. An additional attraction was given to the service by Its being » church parade of tho Golden-square Tiro Brigade. About thirty members of the brigade, in charge of Captain Williams, attended, •md were accommodated with seats in the centre of the church, immediately in front of the pulpit. Tiic rev. gentleman selected as his text St. .tames, 1st chapter, 13th and 1-1 th verses. Tho collection amounted to £7 0s 2d. In the ovoning Mr. Benney occupied tho pulpit. The text was taken from 1st Corinthians, 1st chapter, 30th verse. Tho total collections for both services amounted to £10 10s Id. Tho Roy. J. Orchard conducted the service in tho Bible Christian Church, Mackenzie-street, yesterday morning, aud selected as his text St. luke, 19th chaptcr, Sth verse. Tho Rev. II. J. IVittinson officiated in the evening, basing his remarks on tho 3rd, 4th, and Sth verses of tho 2nd chapter of Mark. The collection amounted to £2 lis lOd, but it is intended to supploment this sum u-ifh a collection to ba taken up in tho Sunday school next omiarvy. _ Vt tlio Presbyterian Church,. Golden-square, ,}' jjev, G. M. Connor preached at both fm vices. In tho morning lie selected as his text, "Thou shall lovo thy neighbor as thyself." In the evening his subject was taken from Genesis, •>4th chapter, referring to "tho courtship of J^ac's wife." The amount of tho collection was x>3 Oi 4ci. ~\t St. John's Church, Mr. Talbot preached from Matthew, 21st chapter, 13th verso. The usual services were held at the various suburban churches. At St. Mary's Church of jjaglauJ, Kangaroo Flat, the Ro'v. J. F. Frowin occupied the pulpit at the morning service, and Jiisiul his remarks on Isaiah, Gist chapter, 1st vers!.'. The Rev. G. F. Taylor conducted tho evening servico, selecting as his text 2nd Corin thians, 5th ciiapter, 10th verse. The Rev. J. J\ 1'rewin preached at St. Mark's last evening, but ■owing to t'10 funds of the church not being in a flourishing condition it was decided not to donate {lie collections to tho Hospital Sunday fund. At the Wesleyan Church, Kangaroo Flat, Mr. j'alkingham preached in the morning, and selected as liis text St. Luke, 13th chapter, 20th and 21st verses. Mi'. Scorer conducted the evening servico, liis remarks being based on Isaiah, 3rd chapter, jOtli and 11th vorses. At the Strathfieldsaye We.-levan Church Mr. Jas. Watson conducted the service in the morning, and Mr. A.Harknest in the evening. Only an evening servico was hold at St. Luko's Church, While Hills. Tho Rev. Mr. Kirk officiated, and took his text from Luke, 10th chapter,29th verso. Collection,£114s (id. At Strath fichlsaye Mr. W. Kilsby conducted the service, preaching from St. Luke, 10th chapter, 36th and sri.li I'Bi-ses. At Bagshot tho Rev. G. H. Kirk officiated. At Huntly the Rev. Mr. Kirk nliiciateii at another hour. At tho Wesleyan Church, California Gully, tho Rev. W. L. Bla mires preached in tho morning from Luko, 10th chapter, 37 th verse. In the eVening the Rev. J. 8\. (iroer selected his text from the 10th chapter of Matthew, the last verso. At the Wesleyan Church i\t White Hills Mr.J.W. Rowse,of California Gully, oificiated in tlm morning. He took his text from the -Itii chapter, loth verso of Joshua. In the evening the pulpit was occupied by Mr. Morcam, of long Gully, who preached from Isaiah, 11th chapter and 12tli verse. At Epsom Mr. Alorcam ofii ciated at tho morning service, taking his text from (ienesis, 32nd chapter, 26th verse. In tho even in,; Mi. llow.se officiated, text Joshua, 24th chap tor, l'ltl) verse. At Huntly in tho morning Mr. Andrews was in the pulpit, aud preached from the la4 verse of tho 15th chapter of Corinthians. In the evening Mr. Yoatos preached; text 1-lth chap ter, -10th versa Genesis. Wesleyan service was held at Bagshot in the afternoon, Mr. Andrews officiating; toxt, 10th chapter St. Luke, 42nd verso. Servico was also held at Sandy Croek, where Mr. YetUes preached. The various niimrhan collections will bo found in tho list THE COLLECTIONS. Hereunder we publish a statement of the amounts received in tho various churches as com pared with the results of Irwt year :—. 1883\. 1884. A, s d £ ,s d Open Air Sorvice ... 99 10 10J"- .'96' 0 0J* CiirRSH Of iiXGLAND. ' - . . li >' St. l'.iul'.* All Saints' ... St. Mary's, Kangaroo Flat StratlifioldsayB ... .St, Luko's, Wh'ta H'la llimtly K|i.vi:n ... St. titi>j>hen's, Lockw'd Catholic. ft. Kilian's VfelKYA.W— Fure-t-street (Iiilden square Lmii; Cully Caiii..rma Gully Ka'icarno Flat White llills ? Strathliehlsayo Htmtly Shimon Hill l.nkwoed ... ... l!.iy<lii't K.uulv Creek ... ViX-UYTKKUS.— <"1. Andrew's ... .lulin's 40 0 9 ... 43 12 10 25 7 11 ... 3G 18 8 5 10 7 '5 11 3 — .... 1 14 6 1 2 0 ... 1 14 6 — ... ,110 10 I ... 17 G 8 9 ... . — .„ 2' 2 0 ... SO 0 0 ... 80 0 0* 17 10 0 20 16 0 8 15 0 ... 10 10 4 6 15 3 ... 7 10 0 7 4 7 ... G 710 3 0 0 ... 3 4 Si 1 14 4i ... 1 11 0 1 7 0 ... 19 4 — ... 110 0 1 0 11 ... 1 4 0 — ... 12 3 — ... 12 0 — ... 12 0 ' — ... 4 9 24 0 3 0 0 0 } 28 o o 18 8 0 14 0 0 4 18 D ... 3 0 4 1 1 0 ... 1 10* ' •'•!dou-~t|uaro... Kaiwamn Flat '■kuman.— Lutheran, M'lvenzio .>U:et , ... 15 2 6 ... 10 8 0 CuiK-regationa^Forost ,/treet 15 10 G ... 14 4 0 Silvatwa Army, Bar Iligli-street... 38 0 10 ... 32 0 10 ]'■>"« Christian*— Jl'Kenzie-stree'; . . 2 15 0 ... 2 11 10 1-iu; Cully 4 5 9 ^MKI.I.AN'TOUS — 1'iimitho Methodist, U man-street ... 2 15 3 i.\\. S>"7 8 tt.irch of Christ, Tem- ■ " ' •• , l'-nmee Hall ... 1 1G 11 ... 2 16 ■M'tM (J O 0' ... 6 0 0 Hebrew Congregation 12 0 0 ... — • I'vpital Collection Box 7 4 74 ... '■ — Metlmdist Churches... 4 8 8 ... — , Totals £459 2 7i-.:£452 15 4 Approximate. The following donations are also acknowledged : -Mr. John Taylor, Wliito Hills, £1; " Frionda," w lute Hills, 