TICTORLL^ 1 Prom, our own Correspondenfcl Melbourne. Februarv 16. The news' we received by cable yesterday that Mr. Murray &mith;', the Victorian Agent General, had placed our two gunboats at the iisposal- of the Lords of the Admiralty waa received in some quarters in Melbourne with derision. Mr. Service, it was supposed,' had been previously consulted, but we are told by the newspapers that the Agent-General acted on his own generous impulse, or at most, on a hint from the English Government that they would be glad to have the temporary use of our mosqnito fleet. Mr. Glad stone ought to bo getting a little afraid of our vigorous Australian states men, nrho, not satisfied with planning an extension of the Empire in the Pacific Seas, are giving advice as to how the cam paign in the Soudan should be conducted. Sir Thomas McUvrraith has by this time arrived in London, and the ' grand old man'. may be-in dread of Mr. Service also turning ^ up to depose him from the leadership and put a Federal Cabinet in power. Our offer his been gracefully acknowledged by the Secre tary of State for the Colonies. It would bo gratifying to hear that it had spurred him on to activity in regard to the annexation of STew Guinea and thp Pacific Islands. Every little excuse is taken to delay action, and the latest is that the colonies have not said what proportion they will find of the cost of governing the outlying parts of the new dominion. The Victorian Premier haa beea taxed by the Badical organ for not calling Parliament together to confirm the proceed ings of the Convention ; but it was agreed before the delegates parted that Victoria should wait until Neve South Wales had led off. Mr. Service is in communication with the Premiers of the adjoining colonies. The vote of the Victorian Parliament is assured. The Warrnambool election has been decided in favour of the 'young Victorian candi date,' Mr. Murray, and it will no doubt be claimed as a victory over the Constitutional party by the Radicals, who gave Mr. Murray heir support. For many years Warrnam bool has ueen stanch to the Constitutional interest, taking pride in the fact of its return ing leading men. At the general election of 1883 Mr. Murray polled two- thirds of tho number of votea given to Mr. Francis, who was not used to so close a contest. This time the field was left to local men, and the Constitutional nominee sufiered under the disadvantage of not being particularly popular, whilst Mr. Murray, as a local land owner and good- natured young fellow, could bring numerous personal friends to tha poll, Mr. Murray will support the Coalition Go vernment, and in time may settle down into being a quiet representative. The possession of a few score acres of freehold has a steady ing effect on the most violent talkers after they have been a season or two in Parlia ment and realize the preference most people have for moderation. Outside of Warrnam bool the election has not attracted notice. It is, however, the only scrap of political newa stirring, and I must make the most of it. The controversy between the Rev. J. L. Etentoul and the committee of St. George's Church, St. Kilda, has not been brought nearer settlement, although each of the parties has written a long letter to the papers. Everything turns on the question when Mr. Eentouls salary for the second quarter of his engagement began to run. Both agree that June 9, 1879, was the com mencing date, but Mr. Rentoul's contention is that the first quarter only contained fifty two_ days, while the committee claim the ordinary allowance of ninety-one. Tha following ' extract from an article ia yesterday's Age will give your _ readers an idea how ministers of religion are sometimes handled by the Melbourne Press. As a specimen of the severe order oE criticism, I don't think it could be readily matched:— 'We venture to say that if Pro fesior Eentoul had made out any case at all public opinion would have declared very em phatically against his wealthy congregation. The disgrace in a matter of this sort would be felt to attach to the wealthy niggards, and not to the defrauded clergyman. On the other hand, can any moderate man read' the language in which (Professor Rentoul urges his claim without a feeling of inexpressible repulsion ? He had a right to ask for the money, thinking as he did, however wrongly, that he was entitled to it, and a right to urge his claim with all proper warmth : but fie seems to have thought that it would be out of keeping if he wanted it as a layman might for household needs, and so asks for it in the name of the Church and religion. It is not the Gospels or the spirit of tho Gospels of which educated men are weary in the nine teenth century. What has sickened them ia the association of earnest words with grosa passions and coarse greed; the use of the Bible to heap up the faggots on which a heretic is burned, and the use of texts to embroider a begging letter.' i The new Law Courts were practically .opened yesterday, when the first large gathering of spectators took place at the Criminal Sittings, which, in the language of ,the theatres, always draw well. Our palace of Justice is a square building, two storiea high, situated in the north-western quarter ,of the city, on a high elevation. At each iangle there is a Court ; there are also inter mediate Courts along the side frontages ; and more Courts still on .the, first-floor. When necessary we can have the whole of the Supreme Court Judges— five in number sitting simultaneously in separate rooms, 'besides the County Court Judges and Insol vent Court Judges. . During the busy period of last year the Government had to engaga the Manchester Unity Hall, in Swanston 'street, for some of the Supreme Court trials. The Criminal and Banco Courts have very handsome interiors ; but Judges, bar risters, witnesses, and spectators all complain of the defective arrangements. .Mr. Justice Holroyd would not use the high chair which had been purchased for the Bench, and sent for the piece of furniture ho was accustomed to sit nnon in the old Supreme Court. Barristers and witnesses could not make themselves heard by the Jury. It is often so with new buildings, and the sound-carrying properties of the Court may improve when their pitch and tone are mastered. The prisoners are brought into Court through an opening in the floor, aa demons and ghosts are introduced from tha lower regions when their presence is required on the stage. They ascend from dungeons in the basement by a winding staircase, which a facetious writer points out as too narrow for sleek-bodied persons, whence he infers that crime is confined to the classes who have ' a lean and hungry look,' like CassiuH. In the quadrangle stands the libiary, an eight-sided building svith a dome overhead. Ihere is a stand in the central room or common hall with finger-boards telling you which Judges are sitting and what coses are on. The building is not yet finished; up holsterers are still buBy in almost every quarter. From the outside the new Courts nave a striking appearance ; they are faced mth Tasmanian freestone, and the dome ia One of the landmarks of the city. The new committee of the Melbourne Hospital has entered upon a career of sensa tion. It adopted a report on Tuesday last from a sub-committee condemning without - mercy the quality^ of the spirits andwine^to» purchased as medical comforts for patient3^ The brandy is bad. the whisky bad, and the wine worse, while their mode of damning tha gin is simply to name the brand and let that speak for itself — ' Sir Robert Burnett's cap suled old torn.' How Sir Robert ranks in the spirit world I am not aware. Mr. Plunket, who submitted tho report, said that 'he had personally tasted the wines and spirits. The sample of brandy waa simply undrinkable. and the whisky was no less bad. The colonial wine tasted like' vinegar, and was most unsuitable for hospital purposes.' Other members thought they ought also to do a little sampling, as they ordered some brandy. Mr. Garton, an ex-publican, and you would imagine a competent expert, said that the spirit was raw, but not unsound. The'purchises Were made by tender, and ona of the best firms in Melbourne supplied the present stock. It was insinuated by one of tho papers yesterday, that members of committee and the medical staff in the past had not disdained to drink of the liquors freely, and their eudden discovery that the spirits were ' not suitable for hos pital purposes,' is more than this journal can account for. The tender system is to bo forthwith abolished, and in future ordera given to one or more merchants for stock of standard quality. At the Benevolent Asylum the question perplexing the committee is not the nourishment of the inmates, but whether they should be allowed to play cards as a pastime. The rules are aramst thfiir doing so ; and the committee, although willing to wink at aa infraction, fear tho consequences that might ensue if they proclaimed card playing to be lawful, such a method of kuLng time being reckoned one of the seven deadly sins. The old people cannot gamble tor money, for absolute poverty is the leading qualification in a candidate for admissiob. Theymayi'lay for other stakes-clothea.food, and expectations. I remember the Baying of one old gentleman, who was always talking of the value of time, that it is very wrong to nlav cards for money, but criminal to play for nothing. The decision iu regard to the Benevolent Asylum ia held over for tho The ''annual report of the Government Statist on the Victorian Friendly Societies reveals a state of affairs which should make every subscribing member feel anxious abaut the safety of the funds. It has been ascer tained by summing up the assets and calcu lating out the values of payment3 hereafter falling due from members that the great majority of the Oddfellowa Lodges have made their subscription feea too low. A pnifonn rate of 2tis. a year or Cd. a week is collected for the sick and funeral fund by the Manchester Unity, and 30s. by the Inde pendent Order— rates which are far. below the English, except for persona who join at the TniTiimrim age. The Actuary has pro duced a most careful report, fortified by elaborate tables. It is to be gathered from my illustrations that both in JSew honth Wales and New Zealand the Friendly Socie tiea are carrying on business in a mode ?which must end some day in a collapse. The Victorian Societies know that they axe travelling on the wrong road, but want nerve to face the difficulty as it must be met. An increase of their subscription rate from 6d. to S^d a week for young members, and the rais^jg of the contributions of men of 35 to Is. 3d., would meet the re quirements of the Actuary, and yet ?we are told that a revision of the scale of charges would be generally resisted. Most of the Oddfellows' Lodges are managed by rule of thumb, as the loose practice that prevails of borrowing from the sick fund to cover eipensea of management and not re paying the loan abundantly proves. By obliging the Societies to submit tneir balance sheets to the Government Statist, who has power to make strict enquiry, Parliament haa taken one important step towards effect ing reform. It will have to go further and enforce the adoption of a proper scale of fees, -unless the Societies awaken to a sense of their duty. The number of Lodges in Vic toria in 1682 was 776, having 51,399 members, and an income of £194,835. 