THE SUEYITAL OF SUPER STITIONS. A CUBIOUI case of the survival of meditcv&l; superstition in a civilised country was recently revealed in a magistrate's court in rural Ire land. Two joung poas&nt; women, named Bllen Cushion and Anattisia Bourke, of comely appearance and not exceptionally ignorant, were brought up oharged with grois cruelty towards a little girl three years old. They had availed themselves of the absence of the parents to take the child away from its home, aud apparently without the slightest qualm of pity, to place it on a hot shovel, and keep it there until it was dangorously if not fatally burned. It appears that the child had become what is called in IreUnd a 11 fairy changeling;" and their honest but benighted purpose had beon to exercise tho evil spirit which had entered ite infantile person. The girl was deformed and crippled, and this seems to have been the circumstance which convincod the women of its supernatural origin. In indicting the cruelty they did. they only followed what is a rooted superstition in some parts of Ireland. It is thoroughly believed by many of tho nnorant imaginative p«asantry that fairies, both good and bad, actually " revuit the glimpses of tho moon," and play all sorts of good or ill-natured pranks upou mortals, these fairies, or elves, are thought to bo exceedingly await and light, and to have the power of voluntary invisibility. They are said to dwoll in picturesque caves underground, or beneath the limpid water of Erin's lakes; and sometimes the peasants imagine that they bear the elves discoursing sweetest music iu the subterranean depths. One of tho favourite tricks of the erillydis* posed ekes is to enter a house through chimney or kejhole, take away the children, and r place them with olf children, to whom the people gko the name of " fairy changelings." Ireland is not the only civilised region whoro tho teeming superstitions which had their rise in tho Middle Ages still lurk and linger. In England, and especially in Soctland, tho historic hobgoblin still holds his own in many a nook and corner of the hind. Tho Scotch" brownie," corresponding to tho " banshee" of the Irish, still alarms tho denixens of tho remoter High land fastnesses. Ghost ioro is eagerly credited in the rural regions of Southern England. Many an Italian peasant still devoutly shrinks from tho " mal' ocohio," and tho "ovil eye" also on occasion disturbs tho slumbers of the Devon hind. The Germans ore, perhaps, the least superstitious of European peoples; yet. thero is scarcely a loeilily iu the Fatherhiud whore phantom tales do not cluster around hoary oohlosscs or solitary houaos, devoutly g»P*g»wers and farmer. Superstition, it need not be .aid, la aleo rife in the pagan Onent, and there, ead id ear, it oftonest lakes ornel and vengeful forme. There ie porhaps, not a country fn Europe or Aeia 7„. f,th°.b'llef m witchcraft Is wholly extinct. Le.e thah.tO year, ago, an eld Frenchman, ac cused of witchery, was lynched by an English mob in a country town. Such things hare hap pened in rural France at a" much more recent period. A few year, ago, at Nagpore, two Hindoos were condemned to penal servitude for lire because they earagely put to death no less than eight person, whom they declared to be witches, who had cast their spells over the faithful of the neighbourhood. On thie side of tho sea, it is scarcely necessary to add, the pbyaician and tho philosopher encounter both gross and subtle forms of superstition. The contribution, for example, made by the Southern coloured people to a summary of purely Ameri can types of sunerstition is both ...J striking.— Boston Adeerliser. 