Oair Sporting: Letter. Melbourne, September 13. " Tops is out and marbles is in" was the old ungrammatical saying, " wlien we were boys together." And now we are no longer in lace-draped petticoats, still we follow out the ideas of our youth, and exemplify the old saw, that " the boy is father to the man" in that we now express ourselves by noting that " the leash is out and the rein is in." To drop metaphor, however, this preamble means that coursing is now a " thing of the past" so far as this blessed year of our Lord 1884 is eon cerned, and that we are now once more seriously interested in that great. British pastime which is so much beloved by the representatives of the " right little, tight little island" in this bigger island of ours which geographers distinguish by the title of the " fifth Continent." As the sport of coursing is not dead, but only sleeping, the quotation-de mortuis nil nisi bonum can hardly be said to apply to it, and therefore I may be excused, if, as an old coursing man, rot only on these shores, but on the " home of sport," I enter somewhat into a criticism of the past season's per formances. Some dozen years ago the sport of coursing was introduced by some lovers of the leash, and being a new fangled idea, it was immediately seized on by our lords of creation" as something worth patronising, for by it they could gain plenty of Kudos with out risking too vast a quantity of the "siller," as tnany had found to their cost to be the case with the noble sport of kings-^horse raping, They argued that once they had the possession of a greyhound it would only eosfe about half-a-sov, a week to train it, instead of five or six times that amount as was required to bring out man's other best friend "fit to ran for a man's life." The glory of having*one's name tacked on to the list of Waterloo Cup winners was almost equal to that of owning a Melbourne Cup winner. " Much glory, little.cost and thus the sport flourish ed for a time. Those great land pro prietors, Messrs. Clarke and Chimsides setting a portion of their vast.'Cstates apart for the gratuitous use of the game. The sport went merrily on, judges were introduced from England, sports^ men with plenty of backbone imported the most fashionable " blood'' existing in the old country, and dreams were fondly entertained by some enthusiasts that not only could we breed a dog that would astonish the old worlds bat, even that coursers in that dilapitated old spot would fly to Australia to find such climate, such coursing ground, such judges and such officials as could not be produced in the sea-girt shores of old England; But a change has come over the scene. Quite nine-tenths of these colonial nahobs who supported the leash have fallen away from that love they professed for it, and the melan choiy fact remains that coursing in Victoria is on the wane, Yet the answer is not difficult to find. In the old days when it was necessary to tramp for hour after hour there was ever some excitement in the waiting and watching for the welcome " so bo," and chiefly was there the glorious uncertainty that the owner of whose dog in slips may through some lucky accident obtain the verdict. There were always these little affairs that made, owners of the long-tails live on hope that his favorite may bring grist to the mill by accidcntly bowling over some great pot. But all these expecta tions have been knocked on the head by the introduction in our land of that system of enclosed coursing grounds, inaugurated by Mr. Tom Case of Plumpton, in Sussex. Here, if the judge be perfect, the best dog must win. No uncertainty about it. Unless the courser possess a good greyhound he knows it is useless entering him with a big entrance money on these enclosed grounds, and so as he has not got the pluck or the coin necessary to compete with the squattocrats, he gets rid of the few dogs he has in the speediest manner possible. Is there any remedy for this 1 I be lieve there is, and a very simple one, for the effect of one trial has proved its efficacy. It lies in the fact that a re duced entrance money is absolutely necessary 5 and this was fully exempli fied at the late Sherwood Park meet ing, when Mr. J. B. Scott had full en tries for the stakes run off on his pretty little ground, wheareas the powerful Victoria Club was very modestly sup ported on their oval the same week, because they maintained their conser vative tactics of having big entry money. They must take care of this matter in framing their programme for next season, otherwise it will not re quire a prophet to predict a rank failure amongst the " fathers of the leash." Since its introduction, no two men been stauncer supporters of the leash, have than the Hon Vm MeCulloch and Mr. Robert Chirnside, and it is indeed gratifying to chronicle the fact that their respective kennels have been to the fore in nearly all the good stakes run for this season. The two blue rib bons of the leash, for instance, have been won by them, for the N.S.W. "Waterloo Cup was won by the Glenroy representative - Monsoon, for whom Mr. McCulloch gave a big sum last season after this great son of Chester had won the V.R.C. Derby, whilst the same dog occupied the position of run ner-up in the Tistorian "Waterloo Cup, to Mr. Chirnsidt'd imported son of Bed fellow and Aunt Martha-Melfort, who previously distinguished himself on. British soil. I say it is satisfactory to know that such enthusiasts have earned their reward, and the hope of every true lover of the sport, is that they may again be to the fore. Some of the clubs which once made a big splash have deteriorated muchly, especially the A.C.C. and the Ballarat C.C., whilst the North Gippsland has shone with gi eat brilliancy. It is noticeable that the two former stick to high entrance money, whilst our friends of the *' new province" go for the sport, not troubling much about the dollars, their entrance money only being enough to cover the expenses of the training of the winner. May such patriots flourish. But coursing is n iw synonymous with sour grapes, for |we cannot get any Therefore I go to wield the sword's conqueror on what we can obtain racing. Surely we have a plethora ; for every Saturday for three months to come is engaged by some metropolitan or suburban turf club, Certainly the ; season has commenced, and a more j calamitous beginning was never seen except for the wielders of the magio pencil, who generally come out square I in the end, whichever way the issue may be. As I presume my readers know, the absolutely legitimate racing season always commences with the usually pleasant meeting on the banks of the Hawkesbury River, where the princi pal event is the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap of 1J miles. For this event the erst champion of New Zealand was credited with the top weight after the withdrawal of his countryman, Martini Henri; and notwithstanding that the handsomest horse south of the line was called upon to carry the heavy impost of 9st., the dollars were put down very freely on this great scion of The Lible family. But there was a small cacou ratcha, buzzing about in the air,* and the pen was put through his name to the intense disgust of everyone, for the horse was backed to win no less a sum than £30,000 and notwithstanding that he was knocked about like a shuttlecock in the maiket, there were still nibblera after the golden bait. Now, how did this all come about 1 As it has not yet appeared in print,. I will be the first to enlighten the gentle, confiding public. ELnow, then, that we. have amongst our ringmasters two cer tain books, who bate one another, like a eertaif gentleman-well, you know the rest; and each of thes« said bookies is an owner of racehorses. Now, No. 1 laid no lesj a sum than .£10,000 to the booky No. 2 that No. 2's lmr.se would not win the Hawkesbury Giaud. Of coarse, this at once sent the horse up in the market, and the noble No. 1 who, by the bye, is one of the most progressive men in the ring-cou'd not get round. So what does he do but backs Sir Modred to win him altogether about ,£15,000 at 15 to 1- But then Sir Modred's owner became gore that he could not get anything like siich a price against his own jiroperty j so> a stroke of the j-en, insil it was done-=£fo.-1 hsid lost a cool thou, for cei tf»in, without standing anything against the 1/10,000 .which the lines in his book shewed he still stood to lose, However # ho was in lock's way* for his dreaded wager fell to the ground, the winner turning tip in the despised ontslder, Hastings. And then came a fwfclipr series of pen dashes* Malua and Off Color for the Metrop^ a lid that gieatest of all sur prises, the victory of Sir Moilred in the race, he not being thought to have the ghost_of a show after his defeat in the Spring Stakes by Malita aud Off Color, And then again he Won in a canter from these twc*-in the Craven Plate of mile. However, I am -at tYie end of my tether, but in my next I shall have something more to say on this matter, as well as on other sports. Nabracoobtb We3l.ey.4n CHURCH. The following is from the Metlwdist Jour nal'-" On Wednesday evening, the 3rd instant, we held a social tea meeting, the table being presided over by Mrs. S. Tucker. After tea a social was held. The Rev. J. H. Hadley spoke of the rise of Methodism and the difficulties that were experienced in th8 history of the Cliurcli down to the present time, and then spoke of the difficulties of the Isarra coorte Circuit-the financial position, &c.;, and then proposed a scheme that, if put into operation, would considerably ease the position. Mr. J, Inglis, DeGaria, sen., DeGaris, and others sp.ike. The proposition of the miuistry was very well received, and Mr. and Mrs. Farmer, Mr. and Mrs. DeBeer, Mr. DeGaris, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Matin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Schinckle, Mr. Hunt, aud others g;we promises to support the uiirister in his effort to meet the financial difficulty." It is rather strange that with a paper in ilie same town, which regularly rep"rts -U the public meetings connected with the church, notice* of semi-private ^atherits^s should be sent to a distant paper which reaches here nearly two weeks afier the occurence of the rejjorted events. RAILWAY receipts for the week endi-d August 30-Kingston-234 passt-ugers, £71 17s 8d ; goods, 450| tons, £328 Os (id ; miscellaneous, £19 17s 6d ; total £419 15s 8d; increase ou 1883, £90 14s 4d. Mount Gaiubier line-233 passengers, £44 9s7tl; goods, 211 j tons, £'89 0s 9J ; mis cellaneous, £6 lis 4d ; total, £140 Is 8d ; incease on 1S83, ±.'8 3s 3d. 