?'-?.. 'SpottsandiPastiDies. \- .?-.'. ' .. ' . ' -. ; By :?' 'VattAx'.'. in The JFcek I ?..;? ??; ' Wa.sMiU 80011 have Separation Dt.f hero, and ? .??-.., ? .Jbon a littlo exoitomont \vill bo in Btoro for our ??:??.;.'. local sportsmen at EngloParm. The accept ., oncps for TftttersalPa Raoo Meeting aro ?..-'??- aoradeaiy good and flattering to tho handi . «appor, as moat of tho top weights havo oried ?' content.' Tho Separation Handicap will be V. . ; - ono of tho oventa of tho day, and in this Elai norohoada tlio hat with 9 st. 11 lbs. Ho could ,: ..- not havo had loss given liim, and Mr. JoHt is oviaontly satisfied with tho udjuatment of tlio handicap. Preston, Fairy Queen, Italvern, : .TUot, and Qunmboneaon, havo do ;? ? olmed; Mcdttaahusgot 9 st. 3 lbs. Shoiaa-fino ? ?.- ohoatnut maro, and should carry Mr. Finnio's colours to tiio front in ono of her events. Sho ;' certainly did not do much at tho last meeting horoaa she was unplaced in both tlio Totalisator Stakes and tho Prince of WiiIos'h Cup. Her laat three wins havo been at Charters Towers, whoro . sho Ttt-n, tho Milohestor Handicap, 1-i milo, carrying 8 st. 9 lbs., and bouting Wheel of Fortune, 8 st. 9 lbs., and Ellington, 8 st. o lbs., and on the Bocond dny at tho samo meeting she won tlio Jockey Clnb Handicap with S at. 7 lbs., and tho Members' Cup, with 10 at. 12 lbs. She oiinatay a milo and a half well, but I «hould say IJ would bo all tho more to her liking from -what I saw of her running. My Xovo comes next, with 8 st. 13 lbs. She is a ? ? . - ilack mare, and also belongs to Mr. Finnic, so that ho must havo a big look in for tho race. My Lovojran second to Elsinore in tho Publicans' ? Purse, with '8 st. 7 lbs. She won tlio Ladies' .Bracolot at tho Q.T.C. Autumn mooting, with ? 12 st., but hud hard work to beat Fairy Queen, 10 st. 7 lbs., Sportsman being third, with 1 1 st. . '*?? She also won the Ladies' Bracelet at Roma, and tao Town Plato at tho same meeting, beating Wheatmoat, to whom she was giving 121b3. Besponse, 8 st. 11 lbs., must htivo a -show.; and Petrqnel, 8st. 3 lbs., is not out of it. The race will bo a ticklish ono to pick the wiuuor ? out of, but Jost and Finnio appear to have tho lace'botween them, and I fancy at the present 'time tho ono that carries the 'metal' will ?win. Tattersall's Cup, IJ milo, has also a geod acceptance, tho only ones declining boing .Preston, Wheatmeat, Adamantca, Hamlet, Fairy ? Queen, Leon, Ormond, and Qmunbonc «on. Elsinoro is again top weight with 9 st. -; «lbs., andFiratFlightPrincess.andGiroflowith * St., aro at the tail ; Medusa has 8 st. 12 lbs. ; ?Wy Love, 8 st. 8 lbs. ; and Petronel 8 at. My ?'readers are so well acquainted with tho horses that it is needless to enumerate their perform SS063' ThaveafancvforaryLovean-iPetronel. Tho Ladies' Bracelet will bo a good race, and My Love seams especially fond of winning these races. Inglosides has ' cried a go,' and . so have Lancor, Orphan Boy, Friotion, and Sir ;. . Joshua. My Lovo or Rosponso should bo there t-r thereabout at tho finish. Inglesides has tho crusher of 14 st. 7 lbs. in the Hurdle Race, but ior all that I oxpect to see him win it,, although r -no doubt thoro will bo some strong fielding against him. With such a programme as that issued by the management it would be a great shame if thoro was not a largo attendance. I feel sure thore will be, and am eagerly awaiting tho time, so as to be able to ohroniole a big success. .- ' . Tho Wagga Gold Cup was a huge sell, in One sense of the word, although it was a pretty good race. It was a sell aa regards tho .scratching of the favourite, Hustings. I hud Berious thoughts of visiting 'my uncle' and popping the proverbial ' shirt' to put on him, and did very nearly go to that extent in back ing him. Ho looked such a dead snip, and must havo been a real downright moral if ho had run. Ho was, however, from some \- cause at present known only to ihis owner and [to those in the swim, scratched on tho course. The public had lumped their 'pounds, shillings, and pcaco' on him, but it ?was no go, and away went tlio 'siller '.and the furious wrath of the poor -unfortunate backers resounded onco more throughout the land. ' I have beard that the settling ? over the Caulfield and Flemington was bad nnd that backers did not turn up well. ' Great Scott, give 'em rope, my dear Bookie,'' they havo not an unlimited bank to go at like unto thino. I hoar tho Hastings party went for Favo. If that is oon-ect I rejoice greatly. Nrty, I would almost go so far as to say I am content. I hope they planked it down ieavily, and I yell ?with joy at tho pot boiling over. Impulso, ?with 6 Bt., won the Taoe, and beat Favo by; three lengths, whilst Brown and Hose was third. By-the-by I .observes that my friend ' Hotspur' went for Favo.- or Brown and Rose. ) 1 Go it old man, you'll hit all thrco ' cm' ? ?- IJ many daye aro over. That ablo writer in tho ? - Melbourne leader went for Impulse and Favo,' .' ' and again S. say ' go it;' The following is a I . ? : deseription-of tlie race: — '.After a couple of attempts fiio word was given to an excellent * 'start, Blazes jumping away in front, followed 'by Tramp, Impulse, and Adamautea, Isonomy dwelling at the jost. Whon on* their legs i ' Biases took tlio command, leading Tramp half , alengfchj.ot-theondof hulf a mile, followed by ':'. Impulse, .Adumantea, Wollongong, Favo, ' , Brown and Eose, and Isonomy last. ? In tlio 1 , next couple of furlongs the loader got: further j away, and commencing tho laat mile, began to ./. lire and was speedily overhauled by Tramp and Impulse. At -six furlongs from homo the three loaders were all .011 terms, with Favo leading tho others. A furlong further on 1 Blare's was beaten, Tramp leading Impulse bnlf \ alei-gth. Thrco ilengths away cunip Favo, £hen Adamantea. In tho beudlmpulso headed Tramp, nnd, getting in fronti rising tho hill, entered -the straight well in front of Tramp, Favs-now.came very fast, but could :not catch the leader, who won by threo .lengths from . JPavQ, then BrowTi and Roho, Blazes, Tramp, I Isonemy, Adamantea, Wollon{jongrimd'Bonnio I Boo. Time, 3 mins. 32 sees.' The weights fonthe A. J.C. Summer .'Meeting, \ 'The Summer 'Cup,' nnd -Tattorsall's . - -'Summer Cup,' aro out, nnd tbcrtfs a plaguy J(' lot of horses to havo :to go through. I shall ?wait ur.til I sso tho acceptances boforcanalysing I tho lot, ics':half of thoso entered 'havo not got a I ghost of :a ohance, ii may moutioni'howover, 1^^ that Pxajton is entorod, and has 7 st. 10-lbs. in £ U10 1} mile race, and tho samo weight in tho two n=ile. Adamaiitea has 6 st. .7 lbs. in the u former raeo, nnd 3 lbs. loss in :tho latter. ' Sportsman has G st. in cneh event. What a -timo of it Ben Bolt had at Eton \ races He won the Flying Handicap ivitli 8 st. 7 lbi , .the Eton Handicap with 8 st. 1 lbs., and the Boreed Hnndicap with 8 at. 7 lbs. A nico libae .day's amusomont for the .owner of , Bon Bolt. Why doesri't ho send iiim down 1 I here to Bolt a fow of 0m1 big events ? A meeting of tho committeo of the Towns villoTiurfOhib has been Jiold at Coyle^.B Hotel, tiiero bebng ipresent— Mr. W. Smith ;{in tho -shair), Mr. -fioyle, Mr. yincont, Mr. Qruick shank, Mr. Halloran, ncd Mr. Ryan. jl'ho considoratittn .of tho pretest entered against N Commotion ((late Paddj;), tlio winmor .of the two principal events at tho Pfwco of Walea's Birthday jtfeeting of tho Club wan entered into. lEvidonoo wag given iby Dr. Frost .and Mr. Oldham in suppoat.af 1 itbo piotest, and by Mr. Xnbin, the ownerof ' -pommotion, agiiinst it, and it was ultim«±ely, ?dooided by tlie ,committEo to give Mi\ To?,-in' -Jsr.'O months to produce tho breeding oertificHte. and verify his xmminations. 'Tho committee! ft . then drew up a programme foc;u meeting to be '. '; heV on Boxing !E-ay, £155 feeing voted as1 1 pri^s in tho following- ovonts : — Ilyingnandi- 1 cap,. tbreo- quarter oailo, £20 ; Wolter Handi- 1 «ap, ,H milo, £25 ; -Christanas Gift, 1 J milo, J660 , iHurdlo Race, 1\ milps, £30, JTr. Vineont {jiving £\t- of the asaount oondilBonal upon 1 thero boing throo starters or no ra€€ ; Ladies' Hi* ' jPurse handicap, 1} n»le, £25, nominated by I) Radios ; f.nd Consolation Stakes, 1 mile, £20. ' Augur'anys: — 'Oujooking overtho sales 1 of blood jjtook of a couj-lo of seasonc ngo, I *? j {noticed ttiat at Mr. Aicdrow Towii'fl salo iPoti-ouel, »i!io won tho Queensland Derby, was spurahusod iff Mr. Jost for tho small sum of s '~ 45 guinoas. Mr. Androw T«jvn, thorofore, has ^d\ ttio bonour of having bi-od two Uoiby winwi-s \\\ thiu Heasou, Bui-go und Petrauol, ana tho psiv \ I coett loss tliuu ^00 guineiis, wbilo Nowstcad, i \\\ wlio won the 'M*ribymong Plate, cost only f \\- 70 fcniiueas, and liufus, tho winner of tho 1 l'i Derby, waB sold to Mr. Jacobs for »0 guineas. I Irnst yipar loliuitlio und Atiutini-ltonry woro among tlio. high priced ones that dliiUiig-uitihed tliomuc-lvfrS/ and noxt :aoiisbn probably wo shall boo NonJuiifoldt, ManoliGstoi1, nntl others for whom big jjricos havo been given, currying all hoforo them,' ? Jost must bo a good judge of \ youug-jtery ufc tliis rato. Wliy don't ho gp noroas tlio wutor and join Mat Uuwson. 'Augui1' is a good nuine. I look upon it ! \ -with vofioiation, and think of tint tfpniul bonl ' - . .; who wlaldfi such a ttowiiig1 pen in tlio Sporting j ni Xifi- In tho old oiuniry, n'lil 1 'itpiu!i(Tei t]i--* iiomtlo pliciiics lit aoco'rdarico witb 'tlio amount of.'.To'no'ratuRi I havo far both '.Augurs,'.' I quoto tlio colonial again. 'Ho says :—' It has been, rumoured moro than onco that the cele brated English joolcoy, Fred Archer, intended to visit Australia, but up to tho present ho bos not put in an appearance. Kow, howover, cornea a definite statement by cable to tho oft'eot that ho will shortly visii' the colonies, and pro bably Australia will havo an opportunity of seeing tho great English poriormor in tho saddle This year ho is in tiptop fottlo, and at tho end of the season will no doubt bo again credited with upwards of 200 viotorios in tho saddlo. Probably if ho should arrivo about February ho may havo a mount or two at tho V.R.C. autumn meeting. It is said that although ho is full of animal spirits, and a wonderfully vigorous horseman,, his health is not nitogethor satisfactory, and if- ho comes to Australia, it will bo moro for pleasuro and health's sake than business. For years past ho has been oarning over £10,000 a year, and I dare say Archer is now worth upwards of £100,000. He can therefore woll afford a pleasuro trip to tho antipodes, and should he como I'm sure ho will rocoivo a true Australian welcome.' So ami, 'Augur,' more especially if ho romps home on a Dutch Oven at -(Os, or n Valour at 33h. The great Hermit claims few move constant sons than Tristan, wbo hns gained honours in tho Newmarket Champion Stakes three years in succession. In 1882 ho ran a dead heat with Thcbni.t and won right out in 1883, while now again wo loam that he has for the second time ran a dead heat with Lucei-no. During his onrcbr Tristan has won for his owner the grand total of £22,910 in stakes, in addition to which must be added £2,375 won in France. JVi7 Dcsjtcrandiim, nnd who would after this ? Tho Mount Barker Courier (S.A.) is responsible for the following: — 'A mare owned by Mr. W. Wilson, of Mount Barker, whioh has roaohod tho patriarchal (equine) age of 23 years, has just surprised her master and his neighbours by bringing forth a strong and healthy foal. The case is more remarkablo in asmuch as this is the first occasion ou which she has attained tho dignity of motherhood. There can be no doubt as to the age of the mare, for sho was brod by Mr. Wilson's father, and has been in tho possession of the family sinco.' A meeting of tho committee of the Western Queensland Racing Club was held on tho 1 7th for the purpose of drawing up a programme for tho Roma Christmas meeting. Mr. J. Carter presidod, and there were also present — Messrs. C. S. Young, R. Holmes, and J. H. Irwin (secretary). It was decided that the racing should como off on the 20th and 27th of December, and that the following prizes should be competed for : — First day: Maiden Plate of losovs., Publicans' Purso of 15 sovs., Ladies' Purso of 15 sovs., Flying Handicapof 15 sovs., and Hurry Scurry of 5 sovs. Second day Corinthian Race of 20 sovs., Christmas Handi cap of 30 sovs., Novel Race of 25 sovs.. Consolation Stakos of 10 sovs., and a Forced Handicap for a final flutter. Donald Dinnio appears to be running foul of ?those diabolical sot of fellows known as 'Press men.' Nasty independent spirits aint they Donald. Won't say what they don't think, or write about things that have never happened for all the 'silver' in bonnie Queensland. They wouldn't even crack the sports up or the great benefit at the Albert Hall, would they Dinnie? It was' mean of them certainly. As a mighty man and a credit to human prowess I havo a great respect for Donald. People can't beat him on his own particular line, and perhaps they are apt to get a little jealous accordingly. But then, Donald, you have boen before the publio long enough to know that last Saturday's sports wore not up to your usual form,' Go to Pomona, at Manchester, and give them another show there. The cotton lords will roll up, I warrant ye. This is what our northern friends think about the Brisbane Regatta Committee. Let's hope it's not true. The northern Argus says : — 'Our Thursday's telegrams state that two committeo meetings have been convened in' 'Brisbane, whioh lapsed for want of a quorum, and should the third meeting not bo attended the regatta will fall through. Th-U is pleasant news, considering that Sydnoy, Maryborough, and Roekhampton, contemplated participation in the aport, Surely tho Brisbane rowers who have ' gushed' so much how they could treat our 'coxswains,' as they kindly termed Koine's crew, have not shown tho white feather. We should trust not for their own sakes.' Messrs. Brett and Trimble, two of tho leading members of tho llorcantiln Rowing Oluli nf Sydney, propose visiting Brisbane to take part in the Separation Day regatta on December 10. Efforts aro being made to get a Sydney crew of four together to compote in the Champion Gig Race, in which case the Regatta Committee will raise tho value of the prize to £100. At tho meeting of tho Maryborough Rowing Club Committee it was reported that some of the club's boats bad been carelessly handled by some of tho members, and it was resolved -to onforco tho rules regarding this matter. It toss also resolved to name tho new boats of the club. Thanks wero accorded to all and sundry who had assisted at the late concert, to mako it sueh a success. It was stated that the Alma crew would leave here for Brisbane on the 4th of December,- to take part in tho regatta on Sepa ration Day. Alfred 'Nixon, captain of the London Tri cycle Club, who was the first, two years ago, to attempt tho journoy from Land's End to , John o'Groat's on a tricycle, and then suc ceeded in accomplishing the distance in four teen days,' has again ridden from ono point to tho other on an Imperial Club Tricycle, oarrying Alllluggago with him. Mr. Nixon left Land's End, Cornwall, at 4.15 a.m. on ?August '16th; and roached John o'Groat's hou6O, Caithnessshire, at 4 p.m. on AuguBt 24th, occupying 8 days 11 J hours on the journey; 'distance, 85G miles. TlungsVYVorth Knowing. — That people were under a wrong ' Impulso ' when they backed Hastings. That A. F. Smart did not purchase Newstead. 'Thattbe horse never changed hands at all. That tho Port Douglas Jookoy Club has gone to sleep. That Anchorite has been purchased by W. J. D. Robertson. That Fennelly 'has got his watch back'. That bo'll keep it in his pocket in future, instead of on a table near a window where it could walk out. That Trodigal has beon sold to Mr. J. Monday. That -Mr Mooney saw tho Wagga Cup run for. That Shaw'j) elovonrathor astonished the Sydiieyitcs. That tho N.S.W. team wont all -to pieces in tboir second innings That Georgo Fordham has retircdifrom jookoy's life. That ho has 'had a long anil 'honourable career and that fho 'demon' will bo 'remembered for years. That 'Dinnio hns had enough of Bris bane and gone up north. That any amount of books aro now opon on our forthcoming races. Tliat ''.Verax ' will bo glad to receive any amateur-tips for tho forthcoming races. Too Miuw Gnus.— A Nebraska girl has lately destroyed another illusion ?oonoorning California. Sho wont thore, she acknowledges, with an idea obtained from newspapers that thero was a groat preponderance of men over women, and that a girl could not lie in the ? country longer ±han twenty-four hours without ;receiviug an offer of marriage from some rich ibacholor. In faet, that every pretty girl held levees, in whioli the -suitors took turns Ulco tho customers of a harbor's nhop. 'I want to esposo.a fraud,' she suys, after a stay of six months. 'Thoro are moro men hero tlian w«nen, but in my judgment thoy have run aw.iy from marital bonds elaowhero, and have i come. out hero for a quiet, poacoful time, away from itho pestiferous sex -that has causod thoir woe*. A woman is of lc«s oonaoqueneo here than anything olso in the world. Tho Chinos© do most of tho washing and housokeoping, and work at sbout tho same wages that woinon and (Hrls would find necessary. Thero is mighty ittlo nmrriago and giving in marriage horp. Tlio men doe't seem to bo anxiouH about it, and the girls so woll understand things that thoy won't encounagp a man until they know all about his fqrwer lifo nnd maka suro that he hasn't u surplus wife or two in tlio east. Oh, no ! this is no placo for. a g-irl who wants' to marry, and I am coming back to Nebraska this fall,' That such n candid, clear hoadol girl should return bom ) lmnvirried is in itself evi denoo that what sho v.i-ites is trtio. Aud. if true, tho question becomes still movo oompli oatecl, What will MaasaoliiiB^ottrt do with nor.1 surplus daughters P Oxi: tailor said to another ; ' Why didn't' you trust .Oploual Cox for a suit of olotbes!' 'Uooouno I didn't know him Why didn't you tuLfl* -! W ?' 'V fliliwl did know Wm,' j 