Wyt With The motion of Mr. Hennlng with reference to the survey of land at Calca will be taken in the Assembly on Wednesday next. We hear that Captain Carrington, of the steamer Governor Musgrave, has accepted the command of the steamer Rook, shortly to star s for the Northern Territory on service for the Government. The shock of an earthquake was felt in the neighborhood of Port Adelaide shortly before four o'clock on the morning of Saturday last. It appeared to be travelling in a north easterly direction. Messrs.lHarrold Brothers have been advised that their liner Collingwood, which sailed from Kingston for London, arrived at her destination on Monday in time* for the February wool sales. Mr. John Martin, of Kangaroo Flat, who was run over in Gawler about a fortnight ago, died on Thursday week. He was suffering from concussion of the spine and other serious injuries, and never rallied. The full pilotage fees of the steamer Ade laide on her first arrival at Port Adelaide, amounting to £5 14?. Id. have been handed to us by the associated pilots for the benefit of the Convalescent Home at the Semaphore. Messrs. Harrold Bros, have received news by cable that their liners, the City lot Ade laide from Port Augusta, and the St. Vincent from Port Adelaide, arrived on Wednesday in London, thas [being in ample time for the February sales. The Hon. R. D. Ross, Speaker of the House of Assembly, has consented to become a can didate for the representation of the district of Gumeracha at the next general elections. Mr. Haines, one of the present members, intends retiring. An influential deputation waited upon Mr. W. K. Simms, at Phillips's Hotel, North terrace, on Saturday last, to ask him to allow himself to be nominated for the vacant seat in the Legislative Council. Mr. Simms consented to stand. The Government intend to introduce [this session a Bill to allow selectors who have mortgaged their selections to surrender their agreements. The announcement of this fact in the House of Assembly on Wednesday afternoon was received with a cheer. A notification from Berne posted in tho General Post-Office states that the telegraph cable from Suez to Sonakim is open for inter colonial service. The tariff is taat of Egypt, with the addition of lid. per word. Secret language telegrams are inadmissible, Mr. H. Hoffmann, of Tanunda, when on the way to Light's Pass on Tuesday, January 29, was thrown from his horse against a fence and two of bis ribs on the left side were broken. He was taken to Light's Pass, where, under the care of Mr. Scholz, he ia doing well. On Wednesday, January 30, a man named Hales, of Hindmarsh, fell from a cart as it was proceeding along the Gawler Plains. Dr. Salkeld, of Gawler, who attended him, found that besides other injuries his jaw was frac tured in three places. He was taken to- the railway-station and removed to the city. The local option debate committee, repre senting the South Australian Total Absti nence League, resolved to appropriate their share of the net proceeds as follows :?— Benevolent Strangers' Friend Society, £5 Is, Id. ; City Mission, Home foi Incurables, Deaf and Dumb Asylum, £2 2s. ; total, £11 7s. Id. The Rev. George Shepheard Ives, B. A., of Jesus College, Cambridge, who has lately arrived from England, has been licensed by the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide to act as curate to the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., at Christ Church, North Adelaide, and at the Mission School Church, at Lower North Adelaide. The officers of the Civil Service are getting up a memorial to the Government with the view of forming an association to protect their interests. It has been so far very extensively signed by those on the fixed list, including the heads of departments, and it is presumed that the feeling in favor of the association is quite unanimous. The steamer Book, 275 tons, was brought up the Port River on Thursday, Jan. 31, from Melbourne, and moored opposite the Government dockyard, Captain Brinsden being on board to represent the owners and to hand the vessel over to the Government, who had purchased her at a cost of £14,000 for service at the Northern Territory. The following is extracted from the general orders issued by the Staff Office last week :— With reference to general order No. 2, of Oct. 14, 1881, a major of the Adelaide Rifles will be detailed monthly to superintend the class firing at Dry .Creek, as notified in the weekly drill appointments. This duty will be under taken by Major Plummer^f or the month of February. A sawyer named John George Dixon was reported at the Port police- station on Thurs day, January 31, as missing from his home, in Church-street, Port Adelaide. He left his residence on the night of Monday, January 28, to procure some medicine for toothache, from which he was suffering, and has not been heard of since he left the shop of Mr. Headdey, chemist, of Commercial -road. A narrow escape from a serious accident occurred at Parliament House on Tuesday. While the workmen were engaged in plaster ing the old foundations of the new Parlia ment buildings a large piece of concrete crashed through the shutter and window of the parliamentary library, coming within a few inches of the library messenger's head, and travelling about halfway across the room. At the meeting of the Marine Board on Jan. £1, the secretary (Mr. T. N. Stephens) laid on the table a statement showing the balances of loans remaining to be expended upon deepening operations throughout the colony on January 31. The total sum was £116,482 17s. lid., divided as follows :— Port Adelaide, £72,458 2s. 8d. j Port Pirie, £10,523 5s. 3d. ; Port Augusta, £28.569 6a. lid. ; and other cutports, £4,927 3s. Id. ijgThe monthly committee meeting of the Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friendly Society was held in the Church Office on Tuesday. Mr. H. Hossey occupied the chair, Cases of need were brought before the board, investigated, and passed for payment. T5e Back of South Australia forwarded its yearly contribution of £10 10j. A donation from the local option committee was received with thanks. On Saturday, at the Birkenheai Hotel, a deputation from the south-eastern commer cial travellers waited on Captain John Do well, who for many years commanded various steamers trading on the south-east coast, and presented him with a purse of sovereigns, together with an album containing a cabinet photo of each subscriber, as a souvenir of their appreciation of his general courtesy as a commander. At the half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide Steamship Company, held at the office, North terrace, en Thursday, January 31, it was de cided that the usual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, should be paid on February Q. The Hon. R. D. Ross presided, and stated that the recent depression throughout the colony had affected the company's operations, but in spite of this drawback the usual dividend could be paid out of the profits. A harvest festival service was held at St Peter's Cathedral on Friday, Feb. L The sacred edifice was decorated with sheafs of wheat.fruit, flowers, &c;, and there was a large congregation. Full choral evensong was sung, and the Ven. Archdeacon Dove, M.&., preached an eloquent sermon. During the service the 'Magnificat' and 'Nunc Dimittis': were excellently rendered, and the anthem ' The Wilderness' was also sung. In the House of Assembly on Tuesday next the Chief Secretary will move— 'That an address be presented to Her Most Gracious Majesty[the Qaeen, praying tha^Her Majesty will be pleased to cause a measure to be sub mitted to the Imperial Parliament for the . purpose of constituting a Federal Council of Australasia upon the basis of the draft Bill adopted at the Intercolonial Convention held in Sydney in November and December, 1883.', On Saturday hut a lad named Julius Render died at the Burn Hospital from the effects of injuries received at the North West Bend station, where he was thrown from a horse, and either crushed through the horse falling on him or from being kicked by the animal. He was suffering from broken ribs and internal injuries when admitted on the 30th January, aud lingered till February 2 It U not known yet whether an inquest will be held. We are informed on good authority that a movement is on foot in the city having for its object the formation of a new bank. The principle under which the new institution will be conducted is that of giving interest on credit deposits. The movement, we under stand, promises to be successful, as several wealthy gentlemen in the city have taken the matter into consideration. It is probable that in a few days we may be able to give our readers more definite information. Mr. Basedow has notified that he will, in the Assembly next Tuesday, call attention to the decision of the Chief Justice in another real property case, tried at the Supreme Court on Friday, December 14 last, and will ask the Attorney- General whether, if in his opinion tbe principle of indefeasibility of title under the Real Property Act is affected thereby, the Government will take immediate stepB, by an amending Act or other vtue, to uphold that principle. A meeting of the Land Reform Association was held at Mr. Henry's office on Monday afternoon. The Hon. G. W. Cotton was ap pointed chairman, Mr. T. Johnson, M.P., and Mr. Wheeler vice-chairmen, Mr. E. A. D. Opie treasurer, and Mr. James Hales secre tary and librarian pro tern. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Henry for the energy and zeal he had displayed in the formation of the Land Reform Association. Mr. Henry sent in his resignation as a committeemaa, j A writ has been issued for the election of a member to represent No. 1 Central District in the Legislative Council, this election being rendered necessary by the death of Sir William Morgan. The Central District consists of the six electoral divisions of East, West, and North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, West Torrens, and Sturt, as defined in the Constitution Amendment Act o£ 1SSL The nomination will take place on the 25th, and the polling on the 28th of the present month. Messrs. Bright and Bosworth waited on the Commissioner on Tuesday, Februaryf5, and presented a memorial from the residents of the district of Gilbert asking to have the road leading from the main north-road to Biverton via Macaw Creek put on the schedule of the Bill now before Parliament. The memorialists pointed out that the road in question was a very expensive one to keep in repair, and the funds at their disposal were quite inadequate for the purpose. The Commissioner promised to refer the matter to the Midland Road Board for report. Our Yankalilla correspondent writing on February 4, says :— A very sad calamity has befallen the family of Mr. James McKay, residing at Hay Flat. His son, a fine promis ing youth, in the employ of the Government survey party here, went yesterday in company with another of the party on to the rocks bordering the sea coast between Cape Jervis and a place known as the ' Blow Hole,' and whilst there they were washed off and John McKay was drowned. His body was re covered to- day. Great sympathy is felt for the bereaved family in their terrible affliction. Mr. Joseph McPherson writes to the London Times from Madrid as follows:— ' Desirous of obtaining positive proof of the brilliant theory put forth in your columns relative to the cause of the remarkable ap pearances at sunrise and sunset which have for many days excited public attention, I have analysed some fresh fallen snow with tbe following results, namely, that I have found crystals of hypersthene, proxine, mag netic iron, and volcanic glass, all of which have been found in the analysis lately made at Paris of the volcanic ashes from the eruption of Java.' r The following memorandum from Farina, addressed to the Postmaster-General, ha3 been forwarded to us by Mr. Todd for publication : — 'The Cowarie mail arrived on Saturday evening without the mail from Bird&ville; and adjoining stations. The Cowarie mailman reports that the mailman from Cowarie to Birdsville was picked up after being out two days through his horses knocking up, in a very exhausted state and brought Dack to Cowarie. No other person could be got to take the mails on. The couci ry is in a very bad state, both for feed and vi &ter.;' Seme fine specimens of silver lead, obtained from the newly-worked Silverton mines in the Barrier Ranges, are on view at Mr. Hugo Fischer's, King William-street. The large piece of ore in the window weighs ISO lbs., the assay made by Mr. James giving 6,713 ozs. per ton of silver, and 31 J per cent, of lead. That of one of the smaller pieces gives 15,920 ozs. silver to the ton. The ore was found at a depth of 10 feet from the surface, where there is .a fine lode 14 inches wide. The specimens are exhibited by Messrs. Crisp Brr*s., of Gawler. They will remain on view for a fortnight. On Tuesday afternoon the Commissioner of Ciown Lands laid upon the table of the House of Assembly a return, ordered by the House, on the motion of Mr. Newland on Ncvember 21 last, relative to the leasing, &c;, of land in the district of Encounter Bay. It appeared that the number of acvw of land leased by the Government in that district (exclusive of Kangaroo Island) under fourteen and twenty- one years' leases, was 74,917, the average annual rent per acre being estimated at 4^. The approximate number of acres still to be leased was 69,335 acres, of which one-thud was survc jed. The following is a return of the number of actior.s commenced, heard, and determined in the Local Court. Adelaide, during the years 1SS2 and 1883.— In 18S2 there were 11,455 rummonses issued, the amount sued for being £176,802 lls. 5d. Verdicts were ob tained for £15,643 lls. lid., and judgments by default amounted to £44,117 Is. Causes tried before a jury, 9 ; appeals confirmed, 3 ; dismissed, 7 ; abandoned, 2. In 1SS3 there were 12,745 summonses issued, the amount sued for being £223,348 2s. 7d. Verdicts were obtained for £18,518 19*. 2d., and judg ments by default amounted to £5i,GS7 2e. Id. Causes tried before a jury, 20 ; appeals con firmed, 3 ; dismissed, 14 ; abandoned, 0. The Marine Board terminated their pre liminary enquiry into the grounding of the Chittoor on Wednesday morning, with the result that they resolved to send the case on to the Court of Marine Enquiry. As the captain possesses a Board of Trade certificate, the charge against him will be heard before a judge cf the Supreme Court and two nautical assessors. This is the third ca3e of its kind rent on to the Supreme Court for trial since the Marine Board Act of 1881 (which consti tuted the court) came into force. In the first the prosecution fell through on the ground that rules cf procedure as provided for by the Act had not been drawn up, and the second was withdrawn by the Marine Board for the came reastn. It is rumored about town that an excellent crusbicg has been completed at the Alma Mine, and it is even stated that the yield was about one ounce to the ton, between two and three hundred tons having been put through the battery. On enquiring of the secretary to the company we were informed that he « ould not receive a report of the result of the crushing till next mail. Under the cir cumfctaccea it would not be safe to assume either tbe correctness or the incorrectness of the romor which seems to obtain general credence among people interested in such matters. The wisest course is to follow the t sample of the man who, bothered by asser tions and denials that the first Napoleon was dead, resolved to believe neither. In accordance with an intimation given on Tuesday, the boilermakers in the employ ot Mr. R, Lindsay, Port Adelaide, have gone out en strike, owing to the latter declining to scree to the rnles lately drawn up by the Union of Boilermakers and Iron Ship builders. On Wednesday evening a largely attended meeting of boilermakers was held' in the Cumberland Hotel, Glanville, and it was resolved to. abide by the previous de cision cf the union. So far as Mr. Lindsay was concerned, it was agreed that if he would place the laborers at present alleged to be engBged upon boilermakers' work on different work they would arrange a meeting with him (Mr. Lindsay), and discuss matters connected with tbe dispute. The meeting was unani mous, The traffic by the Hills railway is evidently increasing'. The morning train reaching the city at 9 o'clock on Monday was quite tullj and numbers of passengers who got in at the stations nearer the city had to staad. A correspondent who counted the passengers informs us there were 19S. Of these, as nearly as possible one-half were from beyond Aldgate, aud the other half from Aldgate, Mount Lofty, Belair, Blackwood, and Mitcham. When it is borne in mind that there are two following trains to the city before two o'clock, both of which are fairly patronised, this shown an amount of traffic upon the line exceeding anything which has been witnessed before upon a railway of the game age, and a very large advance upon the coach traffic of a year ago. At a meeting of the Vermin Destruction Board held at Port Augusta on Tuesday, January 29 (writes the local paper), a letter from the Ccmmissiooer of Crown Lands was read, statiDg that he thonght the board was paying its inspector too high a salary. This was indignantly denied by the members, who asserted that though tbe salary might seem high, it was as little as any one could be expected to do the work for, takiDg the state of the country into consideration. One member of the board suggested that the Commissioner be told to mind his own 'blooming' business. To show their appreciation of the rebuke, they raised the salary of the secretary from £25 to £40 per year, leaving the inspector's salary as it was before, the assessment for the coming year being lowered. A sad fatal accident occurred at Port Augusta on Monday afternoon to a little girl named Court, nine years of age. The eDgine was proceeding at the usual pace up Taesie-street, drawing a long line of trucks, when the alarm was given that a child had been run over. The train was at once stopped, but hot before several trucks had passed over the child. From the injuries received it would appear thatthe little sufiererwasthrownlength wifie along the line, fhe wheels passing over her bead, shattering her skull completely, crushing one arm and baring one side of the kg from her groin to the knee. The local paper from which the above particulars are taken says : — ' It is said that the engines are often driven too quickly along the street for tafety ; but as an inquest will probably be held, we wait for further information and refrain from comment.' The half- yearly meeting of the shareholders {n the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of South Australia was held at the Company's Office, King William-street, on Thursday. January 31. There was a large attendance of shareholders, Mr. W. Shier law (the chair man of directors) presiding. The balance sheet and statement of business for the half* year ending on December 31 last, showed that the balance to credit amounted to £613 17s. 8d. It was stated, however, that since that time this had been almost entirely absorbed by the losses at the recent fire at the Academy of Music. A long discuss on took place on the motion of the chairman for the adoption of the report, during the course Of which the opinion was expressed that the directors should work for a smaller remunera tion and hold fewer meetings. The report was ultimately adopted. The half-yearly general meeting of share holders in the Glenelg Bathing Company was held at Morialta Chambers on Thursday, January 3L Mr. Wigley occupied the chair. There were present Messrs. Wadham and Cornish personally and a fair number of other shareholders by proxy. The chairman reported that the directors had inspected the premises of the company at the Bay, and found them in capital order, the late severe gale having done them no damage. He also stated that the company was now free from all liabilities, and regular dividends might reasonably be expected in the future. A very satisfactory balance-sheet was presented. Mr. Wadham moved that the balance-sheet, re port, and supplementary report be adopted, and that a dividend of Is. per share be de clared, payable on February 7. The motion was seconded by Mr. Cornish and carried. Our Fan-ell's Flat correspondent states that a mob of Queensland cattle passed through Hanson last week, but they were not in good condition. Mr. Mitchell, in whose charge they were, stated that when he left the sta tion from whence the cattle were taken they were rolling fat, bnt along the track they had sometimes to travel distances of fifty, sixty, and even seventy miles without water. On one occasion Mr. Mitchell's wife and child (they having accompanied him on the route) were lost in the bush for five days, beirg without water the whole of the time. A blackfellow, who accompanied the party, started on the tracks of the lost ones, and would take no re freshment till he found Mrs. Mitchell and the little one. The journey from Beltana was accomplished with donkeys, which appeared to answer the purpose welL— Another party just behind that of Mr. Mitchell was even more unfortunate, one of the men having perished for want of water. The Hotham correspondent of the Border Watch writes as follows :— ' It is not very long since there was a differential duty on spirits in Britain. In Scotland it was 3s. 4d. a gallon, and in England 7s. lOd. ; and a smuggler, wise in his generation, resolved to turn the stupidity of the British legislators to some account, and therefore built what was called the 'Long House' on the exact border line. One gable of the house was in England and the other in Scotia, and at the Scotch end he took in spirits at 3s. 4d. per gallon, and sold it out at the English end in defiance of the gaugers, and did a roaring trade. In like manner the droves of Vic torian eociety — the lazy fellows who like drink, but do not like work — congregate about | the South Australian border, where they can cross -or re-cross to shun pressing creditors on either side; and such a dis ordered state of matters is highly discredit able to the legislators on both sides.' According to the Wallaroo Times an acci dent occurred to a young man in one of the lower workings cf the Kurilla mine a few days ago, which, although it scared him out of a year's growth, afforded some amusement to others who were standing at a point where they could see all that happened. He was of opinion that 'addle' was required to fill a 'stope,' and although remonstrated with by his companions, he set to work, when, suddenly, the debris came down in such quantities as to completely smother him. He screamed for assistance— a thousand dreadful thoughts rushing into his mind at once, the chief cf which, it is said, was the untimely stoppage of an approaching mar riage. After enjoying the fun for a time his mates extricated him from his uncomfortable position. The perspiration was flowing freely, and, we hear, they were a consider able time in convincing him that he was not killed. Tbe half-yearly meeting of John Hill and Company (Limited), was held in the Exchange on Friday afternoon, Mr. John Crozier (chairman cf directors) presiding. The directors declared a dividend of 2s. per share, payable at once. The statement of accounts showed a balance in favor of the company amounting to £3,947 2s. The working expenses for the six months amounted to £19,602 14s. Td. The traffic returns for the same period amounted to £24,582 2i. lid., of this sum £14,480 128. 9d. was derived from fares, £5,805 7s. lOd. from the carriage ef tbe mails, and the balance from the coaching yard. Of the working expenses, £9,3SS ISs. 4 j. had been paid for forage, and £8,017 18s. 2d. for wages. The assets of the company were estimated at £113,070 2s. Sd. On the motion of the chairman, who congratulated trie shareholders on the prosperous state of the company, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The retiring directors and auditors having been re-elected the meeting adjourned. Those interested in the subject may see at the Buck's Head Hotel, North-terrace, a model which the inventor, Mr. W. Becker, claims will overcome the break of gauge diffi culty. The inventor has constructed a minia ture railway truck which runs on a line of rails graduating from 2g inches to 3| inches in 3 2 feet. Running on this the truck accom modates itself to the extremes of these two, or any cf the intermediate gauges with the greatest ease. This is accomplished by means of an expanding undercarriage, by which the guage is gradually altered without interfering with the body of the truck. Each wheel has a stout axle to itself, so that the difficulty of shifting is entirely done away with. The inventor proposes to place at each station where there is a break of guage a graduating double line of about 253 feet long, along which an engine will start a train with sufficient impetus to carry it that distance, where the other engine will be attached and the journey resumed* The model is well worthy of inspection. The utter failure of the Port Augusta Wharfs Act of 1SS2 was made known at tha meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday, Jaiiuary 31, when a memorial was received through the Treasurer from the wharfowaers of Port Augusta stating that it was impos sible for them to avail themselves of the Act, ' in consequence of its provisions being un suitable to their requirements.' They there fore asked the Government to construct wharfs in front of their own wharf frontages, and in consideration of the urgency of the case and other matters they waived all claim to compensation for the loss of earnings from their wharfs. They stipulated, however, that the wharfs should not be leased to any but the owners of the present frontages, who would, to satisfy the public, consent to maximum charges beirjg fixed. They also suggested various improvements, such as the ?division of the extra wharfs (to be 100 feet in width) into road and wharf proper. The board resolved to obtain plans and all par ticulars before going into the matter. As death from thirst is unfortunately very frequent in the far north and central Aus tralia, the following, written to a North Queensland paper, cannot be too widely kLOwn :— 'The last Illuttrated Sydney News contains the sad story of Giles's party dying from thirst. I am an old bushman, and believe if I had been there I could have saved the lives of all the party. Perhaps I am to blame for not having made my ex pedient known before. It is this — a large piece of flesh cut from a horse and put over a fire until it is warm through will yield a sufficient amount of gravy to satisfy the cravings of thirst, and sustain the strength of man for many hours. This is not theory, but a proved fact. When the first mobs of sheep went out to the Barcoo a shepherd missed his way and was lost with his flock. He was two very hot days with out water, but suffered little or nothing from thirst, for when found he had the leg of a sheep warmed through, into which he stack a knife and sucked tbe gravy. I hope this statement will find its way into every news paper in the colonies, and be the means of saving some poor fellows from a terrible death. I may mention that beefsteak con tains 95 per cent, of water.' The following is an extract from the official report of the captain of the Chit toor respecting the recent accident to his vessel at Troubridee Shoal:— 'I left the Semaphore on Thursday, January 17, at 9 o'clock am., the wind being south south-east. About 2 p.m. I sighted Trou bridge lighthouse right ahead, about eight miles distant, lying south-west. The wind gradually going to eastward, my vessel came up and brought the lighthouse under her lee bow. I found on taking bearings that we ahonld weather it, and so still kepfeon port tack. As we drew nearer I kept the lead going, the first cast being 5 fathoms, and some time after 3h fathoms. The wind going more to the eastward and the vessel coining np, brought the lighthouse more abeam of the ship. Havisg a good commanding breeze and not shoallne water any more, I had every confidence that the ship would weather the reef, and kept on tack until past the lighthouse. Here I found a very strong current coming down from the south-east; the ship would not answer her helm, and ran straight en the reef. I was watching the lighthouse while passing for signals, thinking that I might be going too close, but none were made until we had struck.' A meeting of the shareholders in the Ade laide Milling and Mercantile Company (Limited) was held at the offices of the com pany, Mercantile Chambers, on Thursday January 3L Mr. O. H. T. Hart (chairman) presiding. The balance-sheet showed a loss of £3,180 7s. 2d. In moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, the chairman regretted to have to report a balance on the wrong side, but under the circumstances of a falling market during the latter part of the season this could not possibly ba avoided. The nulling account showed that fair business had been done at good prices, but the continuous decline in the market* more than equalised the profits derived from manufacture. With our present large har vest, however, now well assured, and the loir range of prices, a busy year at remunerative rates might be hopefully Hooked forward to. The chairman added that the mills had all been put into thorough repair, and many of the country mills improved by new machinery. A discussion followed as to the advisability of calling up fresh capital on tbe contributing ehares. Ultimately the point was left for the consideration of the dii ectors during the ensuing h»lf-y car. The motion was then adopted, and the meeting which was well attended, terminated. The year 1887 will witnees the fiftieth. anniversary of the establishment of Congre gationalism in South Australia, and following the example of New South Wales and Vic toria the Congregationolista are taking stcp3 to organise a jubilee ifund, the primary object of which is the extinction in the jubilee year of the debts now restingupon Congregra. tional Churches in the colony. At the half, yearly meeting of the Congregational Union, held in October last at Gawler, the move* ment was initiated amidst considerable enthusiasm, and since then two meetings have been held — one at the residence of Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., and the other at the resi dence of Mr. Thomas Graves, at which the project was heartily approved, and the out* lines of a scheme adopted for bringing it before the Coogregationalists of this colony. Already several generous contributions have been promised, aud the project is exciting a large amount of interest. It is proposed shortly to call a large meeting of .the denomi nation at the Town Hall, at which the whole scheme is expected to be fairly launched. From the character of the gentlemen who have the matter in hand it is felt that success is assured if tbe interest of the people of the denomination — both young and old — is awakened in the movement, as has been the case elsewhere. A correspondent who has recently visited a portion of the Murray Flats gives a rather doleful account of a drive he had from Keyneton to Sedan. The road, he says, is a veritable 'rocky road to Dublin.' For the first mile or so matters progress fairly enough, only an occasional jolt jarring the nerves and disarranging the digestive apparatus of the passenger. But this is Paradise. The hill affords the other comparison. There are found heaps of reck which look as if they hsd been cut out cf the ground to annoy horses and drivers, and which are cal culated to evoke a torrent of words not mentionable to cars polite. For nearly the whole weary distance of fourteen miles these bculders and small caverns are to be -fcucd, and when at last tb.3 traveller arrives at the unpretentious little township of Sedan, where life bnt for the busy whirring of the' mill-wheel might be almost said to be non existent, be feels somewhat sore and shudders: as he thinks of tbe return journey. Only one thing perhaps has he gained. If he be a dyspeptic the chances are that the shaking bss driven all the dyspepsia out of him for a time at least, and for that he has no doubt cause to be thankful. The road our corre spondent understands is on the main line of roads, and he suggests that the roadman might with profit visit the place a little more frequently. On Monday, January 28, Mr. E. Newman held an inquest at Wauchope's Hotel, Stans bury, on the body of Teresa Sheehan, a little girl who died through being run over with a truck laden with wheat on the Stansbury jetty. Mr..G. A. Farr, solicitor, watched the case on behalf of Mason and Bevans, the men who were pushing the truck when the accident happened. From the evidence it appeared that deceased was riding on tha buffer of the truck, when one of the men who was pushing it told her to get down and go home. She then ran down the jetty in front of the truck, and the men dii not Eee anything more of her till they found her on the jetty between the rails in a ' sitting position. They at once took her up and carried her to Towler's HoteL De ceased, it appears, told her uncle and Dr. Jones that one of the men asked her to get on the truck for a ride. This both Mason and Beyan denied, and her little sister stated in evidence that deceased wanted to ride but the men would not allow her to do so. Dr. Jones, of Yorketoiro, attended to deceased's injuries, which were such as to necessitate amputation of the right leg. On the mornifig after amputation was performed tetanus set in, and deceased suc cumbed. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, adding a rider-stating that they were of opinion that were there a hand rail on the jetty the accident might not have occurred. Mr. T. P. Jones held an enquiry into the cause of death of Albert Thompson, who fell down the Government well at Mount Brown Creek on January 30 and was killed. John Nolan said he saw deceased at Mr. M. Smith's place on the morning of his death. Deceased had three nobblers of rum, and then went to the well with witness. He was the worse for drink, and Mr. Titos. Smith told him to go away and lie down, but he re* fused to do so. As witness and Smith were drawing water deceased came close to the well, when his foot caught in the trough near the opening and he fell head first into the welL Thomas Smith said that Thomp son was helping to draw water. Asked him to go away, as he was frightened he would slip into the well. He was about half diunk. Deceased stumbled over the trough near the brink of the well, and fell head first in as the bucket was being drawn up. In formed the police, and assisted in recovering the body. Mounted-constable Panton, of Wilmington, said on hearing that a man was down the Government well near Minbodogie Creek he proceeded to the spot and got the body up. Found a wound about two inches leng on top of the skull, through which the brain was to be seen. The neck appeared to be dislocated. There were some wounds on the body which witness said were made by tbe drags that were used in searching for the body. A verdict of accidental death was returned. A marriage surrounded with more than ordinary inttrest was celebrated at Moonta last week. The Wallaroo Times observes: — The bridegroom is a very old resident and a very old* man, having reached con siderably beyond the ' allotted span.' He had seen a good deal of trouble, and but three months ago placed his 'dear departed' under thesod. But having joined the Salvation Army, and taken to drink milk aud water unadul terated, these two powerful agencies led to a revival of the ' fire of his youth,' and, David like, he found that it was not good to live alone. His friends becoming aware of the fact effected an alliance with a 'sister' be loEging to the local corps. In the matter of his choice, however, he did not resemble old David, as bis bride, who had been a widow for thirty years, is on the verge of four score. Tbe Rev. W. Cooke, of Moonta Mines, tied the gordian knot, and after a tour to Cross roads, tbe happy couple returned to their own residence at Moonta on the following evening. On arrival they were met by an enthusiastic crowd, whose musical tastes developed into a desire to in lulge in the beating of kerosine tins and rimilar instruments — some waggish indi vidual in the crowd undertaking to lecture the 'youthful pair' for having concluded Euch a serious step before consulting their respective parents. The timely arrival ot Constable Jewell, however, was the means of dispersing the crowd and leaving the happy pair in peace. The necessity of some arrangement being entered into with regard to bolters (writes the South-Eastern Star of February 5) was again exemplified last week in the case of a , man named Fletcher, who bad for some time been managing the experimental farm at Milllcent for Mr. Hardy. It appears Fletcher cleared out, leaving his creditors lamenting, doubtless with instructions for his wife to follow, for she packed np his goods aad chattels, and, loading them on a waggon, left Millicett. Mr. George Day, a credi tor, hearing this started in pursuit on horseback, and after riding eighty miles without drawing rein or changing horses, came across Mrs. Fletcher and the goods on Mr. Skeene's run, near Penola. Though armed with a warrant, Mr. Day could do nothing without a bailiff, so he rode into Penola, and, in company with Mr. Picket*, returned to the station, but they found the goods were addressed to Mr. Fletcher's son in-law, at Custon, and they were powerless to touch them, unless they chose to risk an action for dam ages. It has been said that for every wrong the law provides a remedy, but that such is not the case the above plainly illustrates ; and the sooner something is done to enable a creditor to enforce his claim against a bolter, the better it will be for traders generally. The question has been brought prominently under the notice of the Government on many occasions, and action' promised, but promises appear to be all we are likely to obtain in this direction. The following appointments and resigna tions have been approved of by the Minister of Education: — Appointments. — Head Teachers— James J. Conn, Penfield; John 'Kcuuft, Two Wells ; Helen Shaw. Stockpart. Second Assistants— Henry J. Tack, North Adelaide; Jane Crougey, Moonta. Third Assistant — Lucy W. Lasgsford, Wallaroo Mines. Assistants — Blue Sim, Advance School for Girls ; Jane Sharp, Riverton ; Alice G. Tappin, Gepp's Cross ; Jessie Russell, Port Lincoln ; Alice M. Fawcett, Port Piria Pro. visional Teachers — Alethea A. Mander, Frackton ; Annie Miller, Huddlestone ; -Rebecca Lamb, Belalie North; James F. Davy, Baroota - George A. Wilson, Finnis* 131 Fein*: J. Lloyd Davles, Hundred of Hall ; MaryBearcroft, Warrow ; Mary A. Nicholson ftPandearah West ; Margaret Manning. Grace Plaint; GertrudeBtricB.land,MinlacowieEast. Ztrpil teacher— Maude Wilson, Mount Barker. Sewine mistress— Elizabeth Radiord, Plyaip ♦on. Mooitore — Isabella Bies, Ttiebarton ; \- Lilian C. Parker, TSiebarton ; Isabella Bourne, Locindale. Resignations.— Head teachers— Ebtbcr Ju-2d, Alma South ; William H. Mat thews, Truro. Assistant— Emma B. Ferrers, fort Pirie. Provisional teachers— John L. Whitafeer, Cbapmanton ; ML M. Me Even, Cocoanut : Mary Arnold. Precolnmb ; J. E. Galway, German Flat; Frances B. Ho vie, Wbitwsrts. Pupil teacher— Annie Saadden, Wallaroo. Monitors — AUocB. Jemes, Charles ton ; Emtlie M. Young, Crystal Brook ; lesbella Lewis, Georgetown. Sevang mistress —Emily Smidt, M&clarcn; Vale. The half-yearly meeting of the City P-r- XB&UE;&t; Building and Investment Society was fceld at the office, Gre&h;&m; Chambers, on Wednesday evening, February 6. The atteu daEce of members was em&lL; The report and balance sheet were unanimously adopted. The letititig directors, Messrs. W. Biker (vice-president) and F. E. H. W. Krichauff, fit re re-elected unopposed. Satisfaction waa expressed at the flourishing condition of the tociety, and hearty votes of thanks were eccorded to the officers. Tde directors' re port £»ve the following particulars :— ' W* are phased to report a large and profitable butincetj daring the past half-year. Tde de mand for money has been unprecedented, having lent the l&rge; sum of £22,830 during the half-year; to meet tais demand we have borrowed considerably ea deposit account and bank overdraft, the pre miums earned on the sale of shares being £317; car invested account now stands at 494LSG0. The total receipts, including bank overdraft, for the half-year have been £35,209, the payments £35,223, the grcas profits being £4,799 ; this allows the declara tion Of 6s. profit for 4s. per week shares, leaving a surplus of £330 to be carried for warded as undivided profit The assets of lie society (not including rent in srrear) are £70,586, being £695 in excess of the gross liabilities, including full profits to all share holders. The share-list has increased very satisfactorily ; 262£ shares having been paid out, withdrawn, &c;, the new shares issued feeing 529J. giving a net increase of 2:S for six months' woiking.' The following case, reported in the Scar borough Gazette, England, dated December 6 of last year, bears some resemblance to the celebrated conspiracy cases tried in Adelaide about twenty months ago, the important point of difference being that in the English conspiracy the dying person whose life was insured was no party to the fraud :— ' Dr. Rowland Williams, bis father, William A. Fanner, and John Jones, agent for the Royal Over Friendly Society, were charged to day before the Holyhead magistrates with con spiring to defraud the Royal Liver Friendly Society. Only one case, sufficient to justify a remand, was gone into to-day, viz., that of Ellen Thomas, aged 64 years. This woman, it appeara, was insured in the Rojal Liver Friendly Society by the prisoners without her knowledge, and was represented as only 59 years of age. At the time of the insurant she was so seriously ill of inflammation oi the lungs that her ; medical attendant enter tained no hopes of her recovery. Evidence showed that Thomas's form of proposal was made out and signed by Jones, and the medical certificate as to her good health was made vat and signed by Dr. -Williams, who had sever medically examined her, and that the nomination paper, authorising payment of the insurance money in the event of her death, was also drawn np by Jonea. Neither Dr. Wil liams nor Jonea had seen the woman respect ing the proposal to insure her, and do authority whatever had been given for the ose of her name for such » purpose. The prisoners werereaiasded on bail.' At a recent meeting of tbe Municipal Association Mr. T. King, M.P., the vise president, called attention to the face that, contrary to general belief, mayors arc not ex efficio members of school boards of advice. It was decided that a deputation should wait upon the Minister of Education in the matter, but Mr. Parsons subse quent' y intimated that the interview was tot necessary, and that he would forward a letter of explanation to the secretary of the association. This letter, since received by Mr. Worsncp, is as follows :— 'Office of the Minuter of Education, Adelaide, January 23. — Sir— Referring to the question of mayors during their term of office being members of boards of advice, I am directed by the Hon. the Minister of Edueatiou to state that the executive committee of the Municipal Asso ciation in October, 1S5L. asked that mayors of corporate bodies should be allowed to sit as ix offwio members of the boards for the districts within which their respective towns were situated. The Minister considered the suggestion a very good one, and a circular was issued to the municipal authorities intimating that majors may by virtue of their office act a* ex- ojjhio members of boards of advise. It was, how ever, subsequently seen that the Act made so prevision for the appointment of ex ojicio members. A mayor, therefore, in order to become a member of a board of advice moat be appointed by the Governor ia the usual way; but in the Bill amending the present Act the Minister desires me to say he will propose that mayors shall during their term of effice be members of boards of advice. — I have the honor to be, &c;, James Bath, secretary.' A fire occurred in a paddock belonging to Dr. Wyatt, at Kurialta, near Burnside, early on Tuesday morning, by which about twelve seres of long grass was destroyed. The fire was first discovered by one of Dr. Wyatt's eervants at half-past 2 o'clock, and the alarm was given, when a number of neighbors turned out and assisted is subduing the fl&mes;, Tfie fire when first eeen was very email, but it soon spread amongst the tall graEs, and in lest than half an hour about twelve acres had been destroyed. It was a good thing the fire travelled in the direction it did (north-east), as had it been in any other direction other ?valuable property might have been con sumed. There were a number of horses and cows in the paddeck at the time of the fire, but fortuoately they were turned out into the road cut of danger. At one time it was thought that tbe gardener's cottage in the valley neer Dr. Wyatt's house would be con sonj«J, but the fire was not strong enough to crossthe road which separated the fiery clement frcm the ?cottage. A'number of trees which tad been blown down about three weeks before, and were lying on the ground, were burning for about two hours before they were extinguished. It is impas sible to state what started the fire, but it is believed that the grass was ignited by a match whir-h had been carelessly thrown down. A posse of mounted constables srrived on the spot, and did all they could to subdue the flames, which, were got under in about two hours. The coroner vascomou sicaied with, but did not think it necessary tc bold an enquiry ,'as it would be mpossible to secertain the origin of the fire. Two presentations to Father Norton, prior to leaving fcr Petersburg, were made in St. Francis X&vier;'s Hall on Thursday, Jan. 3L The tta.cb.ers of the Cb.ris.tian Doctrine pre sented a .pyx, and Mr. J. A. F. Cornea read the following address, which was tastefully mounted on parchment :—' To the Rsv. J. H. Norton.— Reverend and dear Father — We the Christian Doctrine teachers of Bt, Francis Xavier's Cathedral beg that joa will accept cur little gift as a token of our affectionate esteem, which SOU have gained daring the time you have been aKong&t; us by au untiring zeal in the duties of your sacred calling, and espe cially by your kind interest in the welfare of the young. It is with regret that we bid you farewell, and we pray that every blessing and success may attend you in your new mission.' Afterwards the children of St. FrancH Xavier's Cathedral-school presented the rev. gentleman with a silver chalice, candlesticks, crucifix, and pyx, and Mus Kate Ryan read the children's address, which was prettily illuminated, The address stated that the donators were deeply sorry »t 'Father Norton's departure, and ex pressed their appreciation of the services ite had rendered on their behalf. His teach ings, they said, would be always remembered and cherished, and they wished him every ?access and happiness in his new sphere of action. Father Norton stated that he was gratified beyond expression at the earnest wishes and evident appreciation of his ser vices prompted by duty shown by alL. He cdviEed them to continue and strive to excel in the goed work, Pnrieg the past year the r*v. father has officiated as priest at the Cathedral, and has taught the children in rchcol, besides gfriog instruction in singing. General regret was expressed at His de parture, fOn Wednesday afternoon the Minister of ducation laid upon the table of tbe House of Assembly a return to the order of the House in accordance with Mr. B&sedow;'d motion on November 14 last, showing the revenue derived from postage on newspapers from January 1, 1SS2, to September 30, 16S3. The return showed that the revenue derived frcm halfpenny stamps srnd wrappers between the dates mentioned was as follows :— Qoarter * nditg March 31, 18S2. Halfpenny stamps. £595 18s. Sd. ; newspaper wrappers, £L,039 5s. 93. ; total value. £1,635 4s. 5d. Qaarter ending Jane 30, 1SS2— Halfpenny stamps, £226 10s. 8d. ; newspaper wrappers, £L,235 35p. Id. ; total, £l,4626s. 33. Qaarter ending September 30, 1S82— Halfpenny stamps, £253 7s. 7d-; newspaper wrappers, £1,386 6s. lOd; total, £1,642 14*. 53. Quarter ending Decem ber 31, 1682- Halfpenny etamps, £217 16i. Sd. ; newspaper wrappers, £1,254 7s. 11«. ; total. £1,4*2 4a. 7d. Qaarter ending March JS1,-1£83— Hafpenny stamps. £178 13s. lOd. ; nevepaper wrapper*, £1,284 7a. 7d, : total, £1.473 Ie. Cd. Qaarter ending Jane 30, 1SS3 — Halfpenny stamps, £249 IS*. 33. ; ne*s puper wrappers, £1,258 IOj. 34. : total, SU508 6'. 6d. Quarter ending September 3), 18S3 — Halfpenuy stamps, £253 8s, 103. ; news psper wrappers, £1,271 3s.; total, £1,524 lls, 103. The total revenue daring the whole period was £10,718 lls. Si- The return showed the actual value of half penny postage stamps and newspaper wrappers eold during the seven quarters ending on September 30 last. Some o£ the halfpenny stamps might have been used for the postage of other articles than newspapers, but not to any extent The expenses incurred during the tame period on account of the newspaper postage were as follows : — Salaries paid on account of newspaper wrappers from January 1, 1SS2, to September 30, 1333, £659 7s. Id ; coat of plates, &«\, £180 ; coat of paper, £225 ; total expenses, £1,074 7s. Id. Tie institution of Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., as incumbent of St. Luke's Church, Adelaide, lock place in the church on Monday evening, February i. There was a very large congre gatios. After an impressive service Bishop Ke&nion; gave an address, basing hia re marks on the following text :— ' Take heed therefore unto ycuneelvea and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you cve?6frcrc, to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with His own blood.' — Acts, xi, *2S. These words, his lordship re marijto, must have a deep interest for any clerjij man, reminding him as they did o£ the texj-iole rtfcpoDhibiliues of his duties and the niBgniiude of the issues involved in his work. Great, however, was the hope inspired, for Be who set the standard was the very one *ho could give and .would give them paver whereby to attain it. God never repented of His gifts. He never drew them back again. He aid not give that at one time to the church which He denied afterwards, aud if they had not more of the spirit of God within tktni it was not that the Holy Ghost lacked power, but it was because they themselves had not believed in God's gifts, and had not acted up to the example which had b--en set them. Seeing that the Holy Ghost had made them Hit-over£eers,howanxiously, how prayerfully, aud with what Belf-eacnfi.ee should they de termine to carry out His work. Having enlarged on the duties of a pastor to his con gregation, his lordship concluded . an eloquent address by enjoining the congrega tion to help their pastor in every way that lay in their power to advance the kingdom of Christ. The Kev. A. G. Kawatorne (Oishop's chaplain), Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat the Be v. M. M. Whitton, and the Rev. Messrs. Ives and Ward took part in the service, and the keys of the church were presented to Archdeacon Farr by Messrs. A. S. Jep3on (minister's warden) and T. Hall (people's warden), Mr. Wsrhurst ably presided at the organ. The f ollowisg story, illustrative of the soiie whst unfair revenge taken upon a non-smoker by three votaries of tbe ' weed,' is taken from the Mount Barker Courier: — 'Throe friends recently started on along railway journey to the north, and, as they were the only occu pants of the compartment, chatted comfort ably snd smoked between the stopping plases in defiance of the regulations. At one of the stations a stranger entere *be -*ania-?e, and when tfceyrelighted their pipes he interposed, and as the engine was whistling to a stoppage he gained his wilJ. Presently bang go tac doors, off goes the train, and a rather longer stage than usual is begun. Oat come the pipes egain ; the stranger protests, threatens, fume?, fiercely alludes to heavy pains and penalties, snd at last sinks back sullen but determined in tbe comer of the carriage, waiting eagerly for a' stationary train and an approaching guard. Mean while 'the dauntless three' chat, smoke, and static unhecdirg. At last shrill goes the whistle, the heavy sound of the brakes is heard, and the engines slackens, steadies, and draws up at a platform. Tbe pipes are oat, atd as the guard opens the door two of the three steed before the indignant stranger, while the third complains thus — * Guard, here's a passenger who will persist in smoking despite our protests, and no course is left for us but to complain to you.9 Tae other two second and third the charge, the guard's nose confirms it, and in spite of the sputtering in dignstion of the stratger he is ejected from the compartment, thrust into a smoking carriage, the guard sounds his signal, the engine whistles, and the train moves off. The unscrupulous three smoke and chat uu -?istutbsd, the vengance-vowing grumbler begins to pour out his wrongs to an unsym patbising, but amused, auditory until a loii-Jtr cacchination than usual drives him again to sullen solitude, and so all parties travel to their destination.' A very neat model of the new church of St. Mark in course cf erection at Woodside may be seen at Mr. Warharsf s shop, at the corner of Hindley and King William- streets. The architects of the new building are ltfetsre. Light & Hoi well. The plan of the church consists of a tover, nave, choir, cn&ncol;, vestry, organ chamber, and baptistry. Tbe church is entered by a porch, from the west, under the tower. The nave is 50 feet bj 25 feet, and is seated with open benches to accommodate 2C0 adults. The choir is well raised above the level of the nave, and is ari&ngtd; with reading desk, &c;, and seats for tbe choristers ; the chancel is raised above the floor of the choir and is divided from it by a cemmunion rail. The pulpit is placed on the north tide of the chancel arch and will be designed to harmonise with tbe architecture of the rest of the bniiding. The church is in the Surly English style of architecture, and the tower will rise to about SO feet ia height. The door way to the tower has double-splaj ed jamb 3 and sreb, above which is an arcade, and &t; this stage the walls are set back, except at the angles -where the buttresses are placed, and' ore carried up to the springing of tiie belfry wicdows. The tower is finished with a corbel table snd surmounted with a spire having louvre lights, while access to the belfry is gained by a circular staircase. The nave is divided into five bays, each having single light windows. The roof of nave aud chiacel is open, timbered with curved and moulded principals and divided by mouldings into panels. The east window is composed of tbree lights, divided by bold muliions ; oa theiijs^dethemullionswiilbusupplementedby etmft-s haying moulded caps, bands, and bases. The baptistry is entered from the parch, and has an open arch into the nave. The vestry is placed on the north side of the chancel, and the organ chamber on the south. Tac church throughout will be finished in accord ance with the requirements of the Church of England. Special attention has been directed to a proper system of ventilation. An inquest was held before Mr. Moody, at Orroioo, on Tuesday, February 4, on tap. remains of an infant which had been dis covered at Pekina head-station that day. A girl namid Laura Mcll&bon; was present under arrest on suspicion of being the mother cf t!'.e child, and having concealed its birth. Elai-y KcJiIanon taid her sister was cccintc in October, 1882. Saw her again in If ovem b.T, l£&3, and she was not then in the saais state. Suspected her sister cf having con ccalcd the birth of a child, and consequently, about six weeks ago, niado a search, and found tbe benes of an infant wrapped in a cloth urder a stone flag in the ascused's room. Threatened to tell about it if her sister did not bury tee remains decently. Did not in form any one. Kate McHafeon said she h&d; occupied the same bed with her sister taura for twelve months, and never noticed any alteration ia her state of health or suspected she had had a child. ^icxer knew the bones were under the flag. Michael McMahon, father cf the prisoner, taid be suspected bat did not notice his daughter's condition. Told her to see He. Clark which; she eaid she had done, Never renumbered his daughter being seriously ill, Annie McMahon said she remembered asking fcer titter, who was ill on the 15 ih April last, if clie web about to be confined? She replied £O ; end did not seem to be ia any pain. Dr. Clfcrk *»id the boms had evidently been buried ten or twelve months. It was impas sible to tell whether the child had lived or ret It might be the remains of an aboriginal. Laura McMahon never visited him profes sionally. P.C. Cahill said when he arrested the prisoner she said *' You are making a mistake, it ia not me Who gave you the in fcnuatioD? Where was the child found? I ce-tcr done the like in my life. I had a child abtut fcur years ago, but that was buried all right.' After a brief retirement, the jar j brought in a verdict — ' That the remains of c-n infant were discovered under a flag stone in a place commonly known as the old Echoolhouse, at Pekina head-station, and that there is no evidence to show how they came (here.' Though the doings of the Gawler Branch of the Social Purity Society have not been chronicled of late (says our Gawler corres pondent) the organization has not; been inactive. The state of the town has occupied their serious attention, and several meetings have been held, two during the past fortnight, uixcr tbe presidency of Mr. W. F. Wincey. The subject discussed has been the best means of preventing the contamination of the youth bj the male and female larrikins. At a meet ing held on Friday, January 25, after seriously diacuuing the matter it was con sidered that a great deal of the larrikinism was due to the late hours to which young people were permitted to remain outside, and it was further believed that many made the Salvation Army meetings an excuse for those late houi s. A resolution was proposed that a deputation consisting of the mayor (Mr. L S. Burton), and Messrs. W. Malcolm and C. Cross tbould wait upon the captain .snd learn her views upon the matter. At s. meeting of the society held on Thurs day, January 3L the following report was received :— 'Your committee have to report that is accordance with your resolution Cap tiin (Mis*) Wbitfield. of tbe Salvation Army, «-ui tratttd upoq. The captain fully recog nised the condition of the town, and ex- . pressed her willingness to do all that she pO3 slbly could to check the progress oEglarri kinistn. Tour deputation pointed oat their belief that the late hoars kept by the girls was a fruitful source of evil. The captain concurred, and said that they seldom kept their meetings open so late as 10, but that for the future they would close their first meet ing from 9 to 9.15 p.m., and when necessary tbe after meeting would be never continued beyond 9.45 or 10 p.m. She farther said that she would announce from the platform the fact that the first meeting each evening would be doted at tbe hour stated, and impress upon the younger portion of the audience the advisability of their at once retiring to their homes. Your deputation are very pleased with this hearty reception and the cordial co-operation promised.' The report was re ceived. Several other matters in connection with the improvement of the morality of the town having been discussed, the meeting separated. An inquest was held before Mr. Chas. Price at the lYalpara head-station on Satur day, February 2, on the body of William Ackland, who died from the effect of a gun shot wound on the day before. Mr. B. E. Jtaglees said that while sitting in the dining room at the station he heard a shot fired, and running out saw John Adams with a gun in his bands. The deceased was close by in a stooping posture, with his hand on his abdomen. Witness and two others assisted tie vcur.ccd man, snd washed aud dressed his injuries, which appeared to have been caused by shot. Heard Adams, who was standing by, exclaim 'Mr. Ragless, I did not do it on purpose.' Did not know if the gun -which Adams was holding in bis hand at the time, and not at his shoulder, was loaded or not, cor who used it last Lilian Bagless said she heard the report of a gun. Before this she saw deceased, who appeared to be larking with Adams. The latter had a gun with him, but witness took no notice of this, as she thought that he intended to show it to deceased. On hearing the shot ran out, and heard Adams exclaim, ' Oh, good God, it was leaded.' Deceased was in a stooping posture. On her accusing him of shooting Ackland Adams eaid, 'Mrs. Ksgless, I never meant to do it.' Deceased was fiv6 or six yards away from Adams. Ellen Culley corroborated this testimony. Ernest Bumble stated that he was one of those who assisted Ackland; Hear Adams say to deceased, 'Don't think I did it on purpose,' to which deceased replied, ' I knew you did not.' On another occasion heard the injured man say he did not blame Adams, and that it was an accident. Dr, Clark said he found deceased suffering from a gunshot wound in the abdomen. Counted the marks of thirteen pellets, some of which had penetrated deeply. The charge had evidently hit him sideways. Pronounced the injury to be fatal on account of internal bleeding, which was the cause of death. Mounted-constable Cahill said he could ascer tain nothing to justify a suspicion that de ceased was wilfully shot by Adams. Deceased said Adams put a cap on the gun in order to frighten him, because he was throwing peach stones at him in a playful w^y. The jory returned a verdict of manslaughter against Adams, who made no statement, and was committed for trial. It iB now over five years since our old fellow-colonist, Mr. John Wrathall Bull, published his ' Early Recollections and Ex periences of Colonial Life in South Austra lia,' the substance of which originally appeared in parts in the South Australian Chronicle, and created such an interest th&t; the work was privately printed by the veteran author for circulation in South Australia only. The success of the book has been such es to call for a second edition, which bas accordingly been issued in a style far superior to the first edition, and £O extended as to entitle it to rank as a new work. The title has been modified, Mr. Bull7* book being now called 'Early Expe riences of Life in South' Australia, and an Extended Colonial History.' The work is much more comprehensive than formerly, embracing a period extending from the initial tfforts to found the colony to the farewell speech delivered by Sir W. F. D. Jerrois at the banquet given in his honor, in the City Ba&quetang-haUi; in (January of last year. It contains sketches of the various exploring expeditions made by Stuart, McKinlay, and others; of the annexation of the Northern Territory, and of its mode of settlement, as also a host of otiier interest ing natters. In the concluding sentence of tbe first edition of bis work Mr. Bull pro mised, if sufficient encouragement were giren, to further continue the subject, by reeoauting the 'gigantic works performed by tuch a jcung community.' '£h.e promise made five j(ais ago, when the author was already 74 years of age, and wearied, one would think, slier 40 years of straggle and toil in the new colony, has been ably fulfilled, and the author's many friends may congratulate them selves that he has been spared to accomplish the taik which he had set himself. Neatly printed on clear paper, illustrated for tbe first time with views of Adelaide ir- 18S6, of Chambers 's Pillar near the centre of 1 he continent, and of incidents ia McKin lsjrfi career, and provided with a neat cover, en H'Lich figure gum trees and kangaroos, Mr. Bull's new wcrk will prove not only a valuable book of reference, but a handsome eddition to a colonist's library. The pub lishers are Mfsere. E. S. Wigg & Soa, of Adelaide, and Messrs. Sampson, Low. Mars ten, Scarle, and Kivington. London. A volunteer military church parade was held on Sunday afternoon, February 3 Tac trccps paraded at the Staff Oftke, North. terrace, and headed by the baud inarched to tbe Town Hall. There was a good assemblage of sll ranks, incjudisg several cf the members of tho Rifle Voluatecr Force. The _ Colonel Commandant and Ccptfcin Jervois, D.AA.G., were present, with Lieutenant-Colonels Mathew?, Makin, and M&dley; also Captain Rowetl and & lsrge Lumber of officers of all grades. In addition to the volunteers there was an innnfDEC gathering of citizens, the large hall being crowded. His Lordship the Bishop (Dr. Kention) conducted the service, assisted by the Rtv. A. G. llawstorne. Tbe Very Rev. Sean Russell was also oa the platform. Dr. Keunion delivered a short address from the words — 'Qait you like men,' 1\. Cor., xvL, ISw These words, he said, had a crisp, military ring, waica made them peculiarly suitable for this occasion. There was a deeper meaning ia the word men than appeared on the turfaec*. A speaker addressing a meeting in York shire advocated manbood suffrage and im mediately his audience approved his senti mints, but when they were told that a man who kicked his wife to de&tb;, or made a beer barrel of himself, w&s; not a man, his lis teners began to think they had not the same idea of manhood as the speaker. The notion of being a man often led boys to com mit terrible sine, because they wished to appear well in the eyes of their friend?-, and ? got a wrong idea into their heads. Jesus Christ's character was that of a true man, and it was one they ought all to strive to follow. Tbe greatest attribute of man w&s; courage, std this Jesus showed in its truest meaning. Was there, he asked, one man in the whole of the congregation who could designate himself a true man? Jesus Christ wa3 the king of tiuth. So one had ever been able to find Him wrong in the smallest particular. It was not a text in the Bible, but he would like to say to them ' quit you like soldiers.' Tbe volunteer movement was a geed one. Laughed s-t as it had been at first in Great Britain it bad now surmounted all cfcs-tsdee. Volunteers thould remember that their motto was 'Defence,' not 'Defiance.' They were taught drill, and they became better men, and learned to be patriots. Fired with true patriotic feeling, a'nd with knowledge of warfare, they would match with the best trained soldiers in the world. They should learn the lesspn of self surrender. There was a new doctrine spring ing up that it was not wise to surrender tbeicEclves to any one. But self-surrender, self-sacrifice, snd discipline were three of ibe noblest attributes cf man, and qualities necessary for a good soldier. They should learn to submit them selves to the wills of those over them; and thej shonld endeavor to live like Christian men and soldiers. In conclusion he asked th- id, as w*31 es being men and soldiera, to be EO^dkrsof Christ. He related an anecdote cf the Indian mutiny, in which an English d j ummer boy, surrounded by natives, was pro EjiEcd his lite if he would curse the name of Jesus. Bravely the lad held out till weak from loss of blood, caused by the pricks from bay c nets ; he hesitated. At that moment an English officer, badly wounded, lying in a ditch close by, crawled up behind him, and said in his ear—' Do not deny Jesus ; He has never denied you.' A detachment of soldiers then came up, and tbe lad's life waa saved. Tbrocghont bis discourse the rev. gentleman was attentively listened to. A collection in aid of the Home for Incurables and Con va'escent Home was made. 