THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, JAN. 5, 1884. THESE Colonies have a very deep interest in all that relates to democracy, because they are trying various experiments in that form of Government, and it does not require a prophetic mind to discover that Tasmania, some day, is destined to follow the course already travelled by her neigh bours. This being the case, it is but natural that we should read with deep interest all that relates to the progress of democracy in Europe, and especially in the Mother Country. Our studies are, however, somewhat bewildering. Nobody knows precisoly where to have the British writers on the subjoct of Government, and the more we read tho more we come to the conclusion that these writers know very little about democratic develop- ments in the Colonies, and are not always to be trusted as authorities in what they see in their own country. Looked at from an outside, or colonial, point of view, it is not easy to understand why Mr. GLADSTONE should be so popular, or oven why Mr. J. BRIGHT should have an enthusiastic and prolonged ovation. The latter triumphed in Birmingham, much after the fashion of a Roman Consul, who had added new provinces to the Empire, and our only wonder is that he did not tra- verse the streets with sundry Tories in his train, wearing chains as emblems of their, complete subjugation. The spolia opima, which the great tribune had to dis- play, were, like those of his leader, Mr, GLADSTONE, the fruits of eloquence, and it must be granted, even by the most envious, that they both are popular ora- tors of the most finished order. But, we do not recollect that Mr. BRIGHT has over been the author of any great measure. He has indulged himself in the nursing of sundry pre- judices, which seem to us to show a certain narrowness of mind, and he has been consistent in his adherence to laissez-faire, oven to the extent of regard ing the adulteration of food as merely a form of competition. He is clearly outside nearly all that democracies aim at in these Colonies, except, perhapa, in his hatred of the House of Lords, which fairly corresponds to the former unreason- ing enmity to the Legislative Council in Victoria. But democracy in these Colonies, except amongst a few wild enthusiasts, such as are to be found in any part of the world, does not go to the extent of believing in a one House system, as was plainly shown in Victoria, where Mr. BERRY'S jumble of pro- posals for coercing the Council were defeated one after another. It may be that the people here do not believe in the unrestrained powers of Legislative Assemblies for the same reason that COLERIDGE did not believe in ghosts, namely, that he had seen too many of them. Thus, Mr. J. BRIGHT, or, to give him his proper title, the Right Honorable JOHN BRIGHT, is not by any means a De- mocrat of the Colonial type, and his ideas of Democracy differ widely from those popular, in Australasia. Similarly, Mr. GLADSTONE appears to be deficient, and to be given over to what may be called fads. We, here, see, or think that we see, that the true policy to preserve the reputation of the Empire, and guard it against evils from foreign encroachments, consists in guarded speech and prompt action, by which it may come to be clearly under- stood that Great Britain is prepared to assert her rights, and to shield her Colo- nies from all that may be detrimental to them. To those persons in Great Britain it self who are anxious for various reforms, and who think that an extension of the suffrage will be a panacea for most of the evils that they perceive, Mr. GLADSTONE must appear to be the fittest man to be at the head of affairs, for he is eager for changes, and does not care much how he brings them about. Still, as this does not affect those outside the Island itself, and as the colonists look with an imperial rather than with a local eye on the policy of Government, it mast be admitted the Mr. GLADSTONE does not satisfy the mind and that he is not the ideal of tho, man who has the charge of the destinies of a great empire. Apart from the real, or seeming, de- fects of the men, who are the popular leaders of the Liberal party, it seems to us that something is being attempted in Great Britain which is at once too much and too little. The direct aim of the Liberal party seems to be to concentrate all power in the House of Commons, and at tho same time to make it only representative of one class of the community. The object ap- pears to be to make the House of Com- mons a House of Representatives, or a House of Assembly, elected by manhood suffrage for the present, with female suf- frage looming in the not very distant future. It is thus sought to get what will be practically an anomaly, that is, a popular representative assembly which rules without any check or control. The stage has been reached, in fact, which Mr. R. LOWE, now LORD SHERBROKE, predicted. During the discussions on the Reform Bill of some twenty years ago, Mr. LOWE, in the House of Commons, con tended against the reformers of that day that they were doing too much or too little, for they were seeking, if they did not know it, to radically change the system of Government in Great Britain by radically changing the character of the House of Commons. He pointed out that that House, was sui generis. He contended that it was such an assembly as was not to be found in any other part of the world, as it was composed of repre- sentatives not of numbers only, but of all the interests in the British Empire. It was, therefore, able to be practically the Government of the Empire in a way that no other assembly could be, and the moderate influence of the House of Lords was not an evil. But, said Mr. LOWE of that day, if you make the House of Com- mons a more assembly of representatives of numbers, you at once introduce all the evils to which such assemblies are liable, and you require a Senate, not a House of Lords, to keep it within the bounds of moderation. A House of Lords, not being representativo of the people, and not strong in popular favour, must be quite powerless to resist the popular branch of the Legislature, and, therefore, you commit the Government of the coun- try to a House swayed by every popular impulse, and unchecked by any power of the least value as a restraint. So far, Lord SHERBROOKE has been a true prophot. The process of degrada- tion is steadily going on, and Mr. GLAD- STONE and his following seem to be enact ing the part played by Mr. HIGINBOTHAM, and Sir JAMES MCCULLOCH, and others in Victoria. These leaders, and others, including Mr. FRANCIS and Sir ARCHI- BALD MICHIE, were superseded by agita- tors of the BERRY, LONGMORE, and LALOR type, who created what is called Black Wednesday, and actually proposed to stop tho whole business of the Colony, in order to coerce the Legislative Council, and compel it to sign its own death warrant. When Mr. BERRY took to expounding his very original and peculiar opinions on constitutional questions, all the old leaders disappeared, and did not hesitate to express their dis- gust, but they forgot that Mr. BERRY was reaping what they sowed, and that he was simply pushing their logic to its most legitimate conclusions. Now, we who have seen all those things close at our doors, who have watched the numorous vagaries of the numerical majority in tho sister Colony, and learned how utterly it became devoid of even ordinary sense for a time, are apt to ask ourselves whether the GLADSTONE policy can stop at any, at present, visible stage ? It is as clear to us, at all events, from practical experi- ence, as it was and is to Lord SHERBROKE, that there are the gravest dangers in making one House, which is merely repre- sensitive of numbers supreme. Not one of those Colonies, democratic as they are, would venture on such an experiment. The growing impatience with the House of Lords ia a sure sign of what will be the result, unless the developments in Great Britain are different from those in other British communities. This being so, we are disposed to say of Mr. GLADSTONE and his followers, as was said of Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH, and proved to be too correct, they know not what they do. TnE preseuoo of the Gol ernmont Veterina- rian of New South Wales in this Colony, ought to bo taken advantage of to set at reat any doubts that may exist as to the prevalence of cattlo disease. The object of tho \isitof tho gentleman lofcncd to is to examino the districts whero rabbits abound, to ascertain whether tuberculosis prevails amongst those animals, and whether it can bo communicated to cattlo through tho pasture. Recent investigations in Victoria show that tuberculosis prevails to a great extent amongst'Hlie cattle of that Colony^ and somo of tho"descriptions of the state of the animals slaughtered for the market are enough to convert half the community into vegetarians forthwithi' 'Despite the dtcturfi of. somo medical authorities, wo doubt whether the eating off the properly cooked flesh of infected animals will convey the discaso into'tholhumafi system, but wo sup- pose that all will bo agreed that it is not desirable to try any experiments of the kind, and that tho flesh of diseased animals shoulfl be, rigorouslyi_avoidod. ' Whilst Mr. i Wil- lows, the-expert in question,-is hero, it' i would, wo think, bo desirable to get him to repo-t on one or two matters in connection with ¿stock, I'ghjph have-attracted more or' less of the public,attention.' For, example, ho might bo asked' to^giv'eUnn opinion as to whether tuberculosis prevails "to any extent amongst the cattle, and if BO, to what1 ex- tent! " If the disenso' exists to any'great ex- tent, amongst^ the rgbbits'.j'and the cattlo which , feed j near their Jjiaunts are not affected, > wo may > conclude that the rabbits do not communicate the disease to ' cattle.! andi Mr? Willows''task < will havo been performed.. He,, might, however, whilst ho is here1, bo 'asked to extend his researches further than ho intendedrähd give ABotrol opinion as Ho'the existence of cancer amongst the cattle. It will be re membered^that,some little time ago we pub- lished soi eral letters of a decidedly alarming character/in which ¡twos stated-that cancer prevailed amongst cattlo from one end of the Colony to the other, nhd in tho'othor Colonies also One correspondent,' who" "appears to have startled aNorthorh'contcmporáry,'drew a rvory alarmingj picture jOf 'the state of affairs, and it was stated'that the deaths of human beings from this terrible disease wiro increasing. Our inquiries proved two or three ' things of a reassuring character. TIn the first place, wc showed that the numbor of deaths of human beings from cancor were not increasing in this or the other ¡Colonies, as alleged ; in the second, M'c showed that there was no evidence to prove that cancer existed amongst the cattle to anything like the extent asserted. Wo published lottors from gentlemen of largo experience in varioua parta of the Colony, in which it was con- clusively shown that the disease supposed to be cancer was generally the result of injury, f.ir ', i : I : a o ?> _, ' and was readily enrabio by- proper treat- ment, which cancer is iiot. In short, the' alai m subsided, and wo havo hoard little or nothing more about this disease. Still, whilst wo have a gentlomon hi the Colony capiblcof giving a conclusive opinion on the point, it would bo as,vwoll for tho Ministry to take tho necessary ships to get it, and so sot tho wholo question at rest, ami rellovo tho minds of thoso persons who aro not satisfied with the ovldonco already adduced. CABLE NEWS.-It is announced thal ten dors for the Victorinn loan of £3,200,000, at 4 per cent., will bo called during tho present month in tho London market. Tciulors for a million loan at 4 per cent, for Now Zealand uro already called lor. This amount rcpro scute the Booond instalment of the thrco million loan, authorised by the New Zea- land Legislature for expondituro on public works, uudor tho stipulation that not moro than ona 1 million of tho amount should " bo raised in any ono year. Tho clouds of rebellion aro gathering ominously in Spain, and an outbreak appears imminont. A proposal has boon mado at tho Church Congress, just hold at Reading, in Berkshire, that Bishop Barry should bo elovatod to tho! position of Arch- bishop of Australia. The finances of Egypt aro BO impoverished that tho Khcdivo has voluntarily rouounced a tenth part of his accustomed allowances from tho Civil list. It is further said that he is willing to resign In favour of Ismail Pasha, and also that Clicrif Pasha, President of tho Council, and Minister of Foreign Affairs, threatens to resign if Soudan is abandoned. Tho position of affairs is seriously engaging tho attention of tho British Cabinet, and complications aro becoming intensified if relianco can bo placed on tho roport that Franco IIUB forbidden Turkey to intorfcro in tho dufonco of Soudan, anil has offered to dofend Egypt at her own risk if England doollncs to interfere. Among the many pio posals.as to dealing with Now Guinea ono is now mado by Sir Goorgo lfonry Richards for tho establishment of six fortifiod forts on tho coast, such forts, . < presumably, to fly- the British flag,- and warn off all intruders. Bcr Majesty has again ventured into print, with a sequel to tho journal of Lifo in tho Highlands. Au ide« of tho rapid expansion of tho frozen meat trade between Now Zealand and England Is afforded in the fact that tho N.Z. Shipping Co. havo contracted to carry soventccn mil lions of lbs. of frozen mutton in their VCSSOIB during tho current year. CABLE EXTENSION.-Tho following memo. waB received from South Australia, at 0-30 last ovening :-"Borno International oflico telegraphs:-"On and after January I, cabio communication between Cadiz, Spain, and the Canary Islands will be opened to tho public. Tho tariff ÍB 8d. por word, in addition to tho rate to Europe Tho stations opened aro at Santa Cruz, Touoriffo, Las Palmas, and Do Palmor'. CABLE RECEIPTS_Tho following return, supplied by tho Hon. Tioasuror, BTIOWS the result of tho working of tho new arrange- ments with the Cabio Co. for the month of December, as compared with the receipts during Dccembor, \1882 !-Gross cabio re- ceipts for December, 1832 : Paid in Tas- mania, £410 18s. ; paid in other colonies, £337 12s. 4d. s total, £757 10B. 4d. Gross cable receipts in December,! 18S3 : Paid in Tasmania, £305 fis. 7d. ; paid in other colonies, £301 Ss. 5(1. ; total, £600 Ms, Number of messages ¡u Docoinbor, 18S2, 3,290 ; do. in December, 1883, 3,998. The above return shows au increase in the number of messages Bent lost month of 702, and only a decrease of £60 10s. 4d., a result that must bo regarded as most satisfactory, INTERCOLONIAL MAILS,-In the event of tho s.a. Pateena reaching Launceston this morning before tho departure of tho ordi- nary tiain for Hobait, tho mails will be brought on by that opportunity, and a window-delivery of the letters may bo ex- pected to talco placo at tho General Post Office at or about 8 o'clock this ovening. Should tho maila bo too lato for tho ordinniy thoy will bo forwarded by tho oxpross train. In the first-named instance the red pennant with white ball in centre will bo hoisted on tho Town Ball flagstaff, and in tho latter tho blue one. r Tho s s. Pateena was to lca\ o Melbourno for Launceston yesterday at 10 a.m. SPECIAL ' TRAIN.- A Bpecial train will leave Hobart at noon to morrow, arriving in Launceston at 6 p.m., to onablo intending passengers to catch tho T.S.N. Co.'s now steamer Pateona, which leaves for Mel- bourno at 8 o'cloék on Monday morning, THE"L'ANDS' DEPARTMENT.-Mr. Sprent, the Deputy-CommisBioner of Crown Lands, will go to Launceston on Thursday next, and on Friday will attend to public buBlucss there in connection with the Lands Department. THROUGH TASMANIA. - A correspendent, writing from Hamilton-on-Forth, says the perusal of the series of papers appearing in our columns, under the above heading, has induced him to visit the North-West portion of the colony, and he has there found an opening for a tanning and felmongery busi- ness, which will employ a number of hands, and the present outlook warrants him in believing that such business will extend. EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS.-Mr. A. Campbell, of St. Mary's, informs Captain Shortt, by telegram, thot ho felt a very Bevoro shock of earthquake at 11 a.m. this morning (yester- day, 4th inst.) The direction of tho wave was west to east, as indicated hy seismo- graph. Mr. Bernard Shaw IIBB also fur- nished Captain Shortt with tho following ac- count of a shock, as experienced by himself, whilst sitting in the Oflico of Minea. " At nine minutes to ill a.m. this morning I dis- tinctly felt an earthquake shock. I was Bitting hero on a pivot chair, and my atten- tion was first attracted by tho creaking of the frame of ono of tho windows, and I felt my chair move throo times, tho whole oc- cupying about nlno or ton seconds. Tho movement was from east to west or thore abouts." j THE ENGINEER CORPS.-Tho Colonel Commandant inspected tho Engineer Corps last night, at tho drill-yard. Tho mon woro put through company drill by Captain Boddam, who was in command of tho parade, through the manual exercise by Lieutenant Burnett, and tho bayonet exer- cise by Lieutonant Bccdlo. At the close of the drill Colonol Legge expressed his satis- faction ' with the bearing of. the men, and .hoped that they would endeavour to mako their corps an cxamplo of efficiency. Before leaving .thO£ diill-yard, tho men woro paid for their work duringitho year, r . ¡ THE BLUE' JIIBBON MOVEMENT.-At a largely i attended meeting at tho Alliance Rooms last evening,, tho Right Rov.i Dr. Sandford presiding, a Goppel Temperance andBlua Ribbon. Union-was .formed, after the Rev. E. Tuoker had.givenan address on the beginning and ^progress ofthd movement in America and lEngland., A report of the 'meeting will bo'found olsewhoro. i ¡ . NEW SCHOOL BUILDINO, BATTERY POINT. On Thursday morning last, Miss F. Butler, ' in the presence of the ohairman, seorotary, ' and architect to ' the ' Board of Education 'placed in tho cavity of the corner stone, re- cently laid bv the Hon. J. S. Dodds, a leaden casket containing coius, papers, etc., to ro placo those abstracted some timo ago. ,,- ' NEW SHOP,S.-A great improvement is about'to bo mado' in Elizabeth-street. The dilapidated old buildings until recontly oc- cupied by Messrs, Ferguson and Co., wine and "Bpirit' merchants, 'and JMr. Gower, flcturo framemaker, aro being demolished, a the, course of the next few days the erection in'their stead of fiVo shops,-etc., will' bo commenced by Mr. W. Cheverton, buildor, Collins-street, whose tender has been accepted by Mr. Wm.Fcrguson.whorents the site, on a21 yeara' lease, from Mrs. Edding- ton," Tho plans have been prepared by Mr. H.J Hunter, architect. Four of the shopB will each mcasuro 24ft, by 16ft. Oin., whilst the fifth, which will have a frontage to both Elizabeth and Collins streets, will bo some- what larger. Behind the shopa Bitting rooms and kitohens will be provided, in addition to ample bed-roôm accommodation upstairs on one Hoof. Between the fifth shop and McLaren's Hotel, in Collins stroot, there will bo a suite of offices-one on tho ground floor and two above. Near the offices a right-of-way will lead to a largo store at the rear of tho promises, whero there will also bo a small yard for the UBO of each tenant. Tho promises will bo built of red brick, with cemented fronts, Tho pulling down of the buildings which abutted on to the footpath has rovealcd aomo still older buildings, which were erected in tho early days of Hobart, before the frontages to tho main thorough- fares had become valuable for business pur- poses. SPORTING.-Tho entry of Mr. T. G. Reid'» b Ji Norfolk for Hobart Cup, Derwent Plato, and T.R.C. ¡Handicap, waa mado too lato (8'lß p.m., 3 1-1884), to bo accepted by the Tasmanian Racing Club. Tho T.R.C. secre- tary received a telegram yesterday advising him of nn Adelaide eutry for tho Hobart Steeplechase, that of Mr. Moore's br gTand- j stlckor, aged. | FISHING EXCURSION.-The a.». Pinafore will mako a fishing excursion to-day, start- ing from tho (Franklin Wharf at 2'lö p.m. ') J MUNICIPAL.-Tho Municipal Council will [ meet on Monday next, at tho Municipal Council Chauilioi', at 4 o clock. Tho follow- ing business will have consideration, besides subjects that may rcquiro prompt attention during tho Bitting. Reports from the various committees, as follows;-Public Works-On potition from residents of Elbodon-Btroot and neighbourhood, drawing attention to tho bad state of repairs of tho roadway and footpath of that stroot botwoon Davoy-glrcot Mid Fitzroy-crcsccnt. On potition from ratepayers calling attention to tho atato of gutter in Murray-street, near Club Hotel. On petition from ratepayers in East Hobart, praying for repairs to footpath on west sido of Montpolor-Btroot. On lettor from Mr, W. F. Turnor, drawing attention to tho way in which St. George's torraco is being laid out. Finniioo-Annual tenders. Public WorkB Annual tondors. Health-On potition from residents in Nnpolcon-Btrout, complaining of drainage. Markets-On potition from masters and owncra of vessels ashing for a roduction of market dues. DETECTIVE DELANKV'S CASE.-WO havo received from Mr. W. J. Jarvis a long lettor, giving full particulars of tho ovldonco before tho Folleo Committee. Mr. Jarvis states that ho is prepared to substantiate all that he has stated, and that ho ¡B de- termined not to remain under tho stigma of not doing so. As we understand that pro- ceedings in a court of law aro pending, wo do not think that it is dcsirablo to ro-open the caso in our columns at prcBont, and wo do not, thoroforo, publish Mr. Jarvis' com- munication. Mr. Jarvis appoars to be de- termined not to let the matter remain whore it is, , , HOBART MARINE BOARD.-Tho usual weekly meeting of tho Marino Board was held at tho oflico, Franklin Wharf, yesterday afternoon, thoro boing present Mr. E. M.' Fisher, > Master Wardon (in the chair), and the full board. Tho payment of oortain accounts having been authorised, mid tho Master Wardoo and Mr. Wobstor appointed a com/iiittoa to open tenders for tho convey- ance of stores, the Master Wardou referred .to.the sudden death of Captain Gilmore, Master Wardon of the. Launceston Marino Board, on Wednesday last. Tho draft of a lotter of condolonco was read and approved of, and tho board then adjourned till Wed- nesday next, out of respect to tho memory of the deceased. , SUNDAY SERVICES.-To-morrow the Row F. E. StophouBon will proach In the Molvilla street Woslayan Church at li a.m., and in the Davey stroot Church at 7 p.m.; and tho Kow H. E. Monimail will preach in' the Davey strcot Church at 11 a.m., and in tho McIvillc-strect Churoh at 7 p.m. Tho Rev. \V. H. Bowo will preach in tho Methodist Freo Church, Murray-sticct, morning and evening. Tho Rov. W. J. Bray will proach in tho Primitive Methodist Church at 11 a.m. to-morrow,, and in tho ovon inp, at 7 o'clock, tho Rev, fi. Tuckor, from Groat Yarmouth, will pi each a gospol temporáneo mission Bormon. Tho annual covenant sorvico will bo hold in tho Wes leyan Church, Molvillo-Btrcot, to-morrow, at 3 p.m. The New Year sermon to young mon will bo preached in the Congregational Church, Davey-streot, to-morrow, at 7 p.m., by the Rev. ,G. Clarke Pastor McCuH lough will conduct divino scrvico in the Exhibition- building at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. to-morrow. Tho Rev. J, Philp, from Vic- toria, will ' preach in the Memorial Church to-morrow morning and ovening. Tho Rev.' E, Tuokor will conduct divine sorvico at tho Mariners' Chapol at the usual hour. PHRENOLOGY. - Tho students of phre- nology, of whom thcro aro many in this city, aa well aa tho public generally who tako an interest in tho science, will doubtless bo pleased to hear that Professor Fraser, who is making a tour of the colonies, w ill deliver a series of lectures In tho Town Hall, com- mencing on Monday ovening next. Tho subject of Professor Fraser's first lecturo w ill be, " How to i ead men Uko open books. " The Press notices from various colonies speak highly of his abilities as a lecturer and phrenologist. His lectures, judging from tho notices wo havo road, aro able and amusing and well worth listening to. Thoy will be illuatratod by 3,000ft. of paintings and over 700 figures, shown by a poworfnl scioptica lantern. Tho charge for admission ia moderate. HEBR VOGRICH'S CONCERTS.-Reminder is again given that Herr Max Vogrich, assisted by MÍBS Alice Rees, will give his first conceit at tho Tasmanian Hall on Tuesday evening next. In conscquonco of au nssombly being held that night tho con- cert will commença at 7*30 Instead of 8 p.m., and thus tho convenience of patrons will bo consulted. It is somewhat a matter of regret that the Town Hall is not availablo, but it lind boon ongnged prior to Herr Vogrich's arrival. Thero is, however, no doubt that a largo and fashionable audience will assemble at the Tasmanian Hall on Tuesday ovening. Herr Vogrich who waa in Hobart with Wilhclmj about two ycara ago, is conductor of the Sydney Liedertafel, and has attained a premier position in his profession. Miss Alice Rees, as an exponent of the highest range of lyric, and classical vocalism.has won an enduring popularity throughout tho Aus- tralian colonies. Their season in Hobart bears promise of a raro musical treat. Tho programme for tho coming concort appears in our advertising columns to-day. It presents a soloction which has scarcely been oquallod, and certainly not excelled on any occabion in this city. THE THEATRE.-A doublo bill was pre- sented at tho Theatre Royal last night, tho pieces being The Wife's Secret and Withered Leaves, both of which woro reproductions. In the part of Lady Amyott, Miss Leigh played with much dramatic force, and invested the character of tho wronged wife with a strong interest. Mr. Carden, as Sir Walter Amyott, gave an imprcsslvo im- personation. Ho IB mi actor of sterling merit, whom to know is to admiio, Au ardent student of the dramatic art, ho is a most talented exponent of tho beat Behool of nctuig. Never overstepping " tho modesty of nature," ho produces excellent effects, which members of the piofession who merely grasp ordinary conventional stage traditions wholly fail to achieve. Miss Stammers again played Maud with some spirit. Mr. Phil- lips, aa Lord Arden, Mr. Sefton, aa Jabcz Sneed, Miss 'Molrosc, as tho Page, and Mr. ' Lenton, na Baroquo, contributed their full sharo to tho complote ness of tho performance. The afterpiece, with MÍBB Leigh and Mr. Carden in the principal parts of Lady and Tom Conyors, was played with remarkable crispness and humour. Mr. Seagravo, although now to the part of the aged husband, mado a credit- able effort. Mr. Phillips and Miss Melrose again- appeared with success as-Arthur Middleton i and-JMay Rivers, whllo Mr. Bryno has not proved as Cecil VanoJ Ho has a part which is worth studying. The lines aro not many, but thoy give scope for effeétivo play. Tho bright action and dia^ loguo of .the comedy were greatly rolÎBhod, and/thb aíídicncc,¡which WOB a numerous lbne', gaVo. hearty proofs df'its appreciation. This evening'the comedy'of Extremes will bo'repeated, by request:.. His 'Excellency the Governor and suite mil bo present. As "this is the last-performance, at least for tho prosont, by tho Lcigh-Carden Co., it is to ho hopod that the attendance will bo largo. I THEATRICAL.-Signorand Signora Majeroni will arrive this evening by the express train from Launceston, in order to fill their en- gagement at the Theatre Royal, commencing on Monday next. The appearance of these justly acknowledged artists is tho theme cf general interest, and tho lovers of truo art looking forward to a rare dramatic treat. Signor Maieroni's masterly impersonation of tho Old Corporal, although given some years since, is still fresh in the memory of all who witnessed it, and at the time was a worthy illustration of tho reputation ho achieved when ho first appeared beforo Aus- tralian audiences in conjunction with his eminent contemporary Madamo Ria. tori. Since their last visit here tho Majcronis have had a long sojourn in tho United States, and they now return perfected in their control of tho English tongue, and to uso the words of the Now York and Melbourne journals, standing first among all the great foreign artists speaking our language. Tho initial performance will be Jealousy, which, to judge from report, is one of their greatest successes. - - I CRICKET.-The following aro to-day's cricket fixtures :-Continuation of the re- turn match between Wellington v. Derwent! upper ground, 2 sharp ; New Town v. Strahan, at New Town, 2 o'clock ; return match Lofroy v. Wellington 2nd eleven, INTHRCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. - Tho following players have been selected by Mr,' E. J. 1'reciñan to practise together, from whom an eleven to represent South Tasmania against tho Ineogmti team from New South Wales in the mach to be played on the upper ground on Friday and Saturday next will probably bo taken :-H. V. Bayjy, G. Gate- house, T. Kendall, K. Burne, J. G. Davies, L McLcod, C. W. Butler, E. H. Butler, H. Hale, C. J. Maxwell, S. K. Chapman, E. Boddam, and R. Kirby. Those members of the association who have not already ob- tained their season tickets arc'requested to ido so without delay, as production at the match will bo strictly enforced, , Ki,J < iii- C J. h -I/o . CARIIIAOK ACCIDENT,-An accident hap- pened lu Campboll-atrcot yesterday after- noon whoroby a horse was so sorlouely in- jured that it had to be killed. It appears that a young man named Augustus Priest, who drives a cab and pair of horses belonging to Mr. Taylor of tho Black Swan Hotel, Argylo-Btreet, had a fow minutes before 0 o olock yostorday driven home to lils houso in Argyle streot to havo his tea. Whllo par- taking^ of this ho loft the horses outaldo, fastening tho rolns to ono of the carriago lamp brackets, in order to prevent tho horses from bolting. Tilla had not tho desired effect, and thohorsM, bcoominercstivo.stnrted off at full speed. When nearly opposite the Good Woman Hotel, Solomon Blay, tho publie executioner, saw tho i una ways, and i stood lu tho iniddlo of the load, and held up his hands to try and stop thom. Mut liol failed, and tho hoi ses turnod right lound in] a eil ole, having to gat on to tho footpath to do so, and again mado doun Aigylu-strootj at full Bpood. D. CJ ' Dolanoy noW| saw thom, and noticing that tho robin woro fast to tho lamp very pluckily jumped' into the cab, got hold of the roins, and on-' doavourod to cheek tho horses lu thoir wild career. Unfoituuatcly, at tho corner of Argylo and Patrick-streets ono,of tho hurscB fell, and the front wheel of the cab passed over its hind legs, causing ii. tostruggfo very, much in its endeavours to riso. In doing so it Bbook off tho bridle, and when it regained its foot at oiioo, lu company with ita companion, again mado off down Patrick streot. The brldlo being gone, Dotcotivo Dolanoy was unable to keen control, and the consequence was that both horses, at full gallop, ciossod Campboll-atrcot, and went smash into Mr. l'nrkci's fonco opposite tho end of Patrick street. The pole of tho velli- do went crashing through tho fonce, and Do-, toctivoDolauoywas thl own wlthgrcatviolcnco on to tho footpath, injuring his right arm and thigh severely, and tearing his clothes. One hot se was thrown down and so soverely iniurid that it had to bo killed, whllo tho other horso burst loose from its harness, rushed down Campbell-street, and into a lano near the Sunday school, whero it was cap- tured. Considerable excitement was caused by tho accident, and a large crowd gathered round tho wounded liol so. D. C. Dolanoy had his injuries attended to, and was last night quickly recovering from tho effects. SHOOTING CASE AT ONEHUKOA, NEW ZEA- LAND.-Tho .MM Zealand Herald gives tho following particulars of tho serious disputo at Onchuiiga, which recently reaultcd in the, shooting of nu employe by a mining managor: -" William Henry Jones, tho managor of | tho Onchuuga Ironsand WorliB at Ono luinga, was in tho Piinco Albert Hotel, ] Quocn-streot, Onohunga, kopt by Mr. James Smith, in company with a Mr. Ploughman and John MoDormott. Ploughman loft thom in tho hotel playing a game of oards-ouohro. It appears that JOIICB and MoDormott had somo row over the game, j and hot words ensued. MoDormott saya I that Jones struck at him, and thou ho struck Jones. A scuillo or fight scorns to have taken placo, and Jones's chook was cut and his oyo blackened. Jones thon mado use of some throats towards MoDormott, and went down tho street towards his residence in Churoh-Btroot. MoDormott returned Into the hotel, and romainod thero for a short timo-about 20 minutes-and then got on his horso i to rido'down, towards tho wharf. It is surmised that In tho meantime JOIIOB wont homo and armed himself, having first gono into' a houso to wash tho blood off lils face; McDoruiott, when riding down tho streot, saw Jones somo distance off, but did not address him,' bur, seeing Jones, turned1 his hbrao's head to rido back. Several shots woro then fired-some say thrco, and somo four-out of a rovolvcr by .Tonos, and that somo of them took effect was ovi dont floin tho fact that McDcrmott cried out that ho WttB allot, and galloped away to his homo. MoDormott got homo, and Dr. Scott was sont for. Ho examined tho man, and found a bullet wound on tho back, at the side of tho spinal column, and got tho bullet out from under tho skin under the left armpit, where it had lodged. There is a second bullet wound through tho left thigh from sido to side. Shortly after the occurrenco Jones was arrested. Ho was .quite cool and collected, and npparontly not under tho ¡iifiucnco of drink, but he made no statement. As tho caso was serious, and might terminate fatally, Jones was taken to McDcrmott's residence, and MoDcrmott's depositions wcro takon down before Dr. Harsant, J.P., and his account of tho affair is substantially tho samo as that given above." Of the parties immediately concerned in this tragio affair, tho Jlcrald Bays :-" Tho prisoner, being manager of tho Ironsand Co.'s smelting works, occupied a good social position, and, In addition to this, his marriage with Miss Blakoy connecting him with a liighly respect- able family in Onohunga, a feeling of regret naturally exists that ho Ima so far allowed bia temper to get the bettor of him as to catiBO him to commit the crimo for which ho ia now in custody. On tho other hand, Mr. McDcrmott, tho man whoso life now hangs in tho balance, having been bom in tho settlement, has a largo number of friends. It is acknowledged that ho was Bomowhat wild and fast, but ho was not of a vicious disposition." Tin; HULTON TRAGEDY IN FIJI.-By tho cutter Result, which carno in yesterday, news is to hand (says tho Fiji Times of December 15th) confirming the report of tho attack on Mr. Hulton, and supplementing it with the melancholy intelligence that, as was antici- pated, the injurios proved fatal, and that ho died last Sunday, and was buried at Wairiki, near to tho graves of Mr. John McKissaek and Mr. Godfrey Peate. Tho funeral waa attended by ovory planter through- out tho island, and tho sorrow for tho nntimoly death of their brother settler was heightened by tho horror of his unprovoked and brutal slaughter. Tho circumstances under which the mur- derous outrago was committed havo already boon correctly stated, and it is clear that tho unfortunate gentleman has fallen a victim to tho generous impulso which prompted him to champion a woman threatened with a murderous attack from her husband and countryman. It Is said that the man's re- cord has boen specially bad; that Mr. Hulton has had recourse to the courts in the endeavour to quoll his fiorco and turbulent spirit of iusiibordination, and the question very naturally BUggests itself how far this tragic onding is due, first to tho policy which has taught tho labourer to despiso his em- ployer's authority; andnoxt, to tho method of administering justice between them, which, cvon when a conviction ia obtained against tho labourer, goos through tho burlesque of imposing a penalty that " converts what should bo a punishment into a relaxation. From tho fact1 that ' Mr. Hulton always treated his labourers with tho vory greatest kindness and consideration, and that ho ovor endeavoured to make friends of thom,' this outrago is tho most horrible that has ovor occurred in Fiji ; but it is to bo hoped that the futuro'effect this most lamontablo tragedy will have upon tho ordoring of theso affairs will prove that a ,vnluablo, life has not been sacrificed absolutely in vain, j A PECULIAR ^U.ST STORM.-À phenoi monoriof a raro kind '(Baya' Wià'Tainwortli 'News) took placo in the' Uralla district re-' oontly, in tho shape of a. i fall of ¡mpalpablo dust, of , a, reddish-brown colour, which' quickly enveloped ovorything exposed to its' iiifiueuco. Tho. dust continued to fall throughout the day, tho atmosphoro, espe- cially in tho 'morning, presenting tho same appearanco as that usually seen in foggy or drizzly weather. Water exposod to tho falling dust changed to chocolate hue, and many who 'had linen drying';on .their' lines wero compelled to subject it to a second washing to got rid of the dust. Owing to" tho strango visitation; tho sun and moon seemed to be obscured In a greenish haze. -Some of tho dust was' scut to tho Government astronomer, and the1 Uralla Times publishes tho following letter :' -Sydney Observatory, December 20, 1883.' H. Roman, Esq., J,P. My dear sir,-I am' vory .much obliged to you for sending mo tho red dust ; it appears to bo just tho sambas that which foil in the southern parts of, tho colony some time sliioe. It probably comes) from some 'dried 'up lagoon In tho interior,' from which, in the first instance it ,was carried up by'-h, whirlwind, and then1 travelled a vory long way ' böforo the rain-! BtorrajbroughMt'dowii at.uralla.'/,,, , , A wook of united arid' universal prayer will bo commonced ~nn" Monday noxt uiidor' tho auspice» of tho El angelical Alliance1 A programme of tho sorvicos will bo found in ,our advertising columns. , , , _, I Tho Hpecial iiri/o-Iist for tho Hobart Amateurs', Gardoiiors', and Cottagors' Korti cultural society's summer show to bo hold in tho Exhibition-building on tho lCth inst, w ill bo found in another columns. ' A meeting of Huon fruitgrowers will bo hold on tho 15th in.it., to consldoi' tho interests of the frnit trade. r- >. ? ¡ Tondors aro Invited by the Hobart Regatta Committeo for siten for booths and othor privileges. I ' O'May's stcamors will convoy visitors lo and from the war vessels on Mondays and Thursdays. .? ? ¡ MOTIIRIW DON'T KNOW.-HOW many clillilron are Îimilshoil for being uncouth, wilful nnil Indifferent to nitmctlon« or reward simply because thoy aro out of health I An Intelligent lady tald of a clilld of this kind ¡ " Mother don't knoir that she (lioulil glvs the little one moderato close« of Hop Ditter» for tiro or three ¡weelu, and tho chilli would be all a parent I could desire," Xook for. , ,, 