NEW GUINEA. ' , | (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT PORT MORESBY, March 14. My last was sent by the mission barque John Williams. There was a grand clearance on the morning she sailed, followed by stagnation. Three foreign vessels with half a dozen native lakatois made the harbour lively ; boats and canoes were flying about all day, One morning the Alice Meade, Ellengowan, and John Williams all got underway at once, the native craft followed suit, and after that, desolation. There was however, no lack of life on the mission premises ; 35 extra mouths to feed, and bodies to house taxed the capabilities of Ruatoka and his wife to the utmost ; but they were equal to the occasion. There was unprecedented slaughter among the pigs, and fearful disappearance of yams, sweet potatoes, and bananas. All the teachers of the mission were soon assembled at Port Moresby for conference. It was unique as a" clerical assembly, for no black coat was visible and no ecclesiastical millinery. Reporters were not admitted, but I believe the old teachers, who know the difficulties of mission work on New Guinea, spoke hopefully and confidently. The new arrivals were full of enthusiasm, and eager to begin work. New stations are to be taken up east and west, and as soon as the re-occupation of Kahlo where the teachers were massacred three years "ago Was proposed, several candidates were at once eager in their offers of service. None of the recent arrivals will, however, go to new places until they are somewhat acclimatised. All are well supplied with quinine, and there is quite a fleet of boats at their service in the different stations, so that the mission In these days is on a far better sanitary footing than in former times. Several deaths have occurred lately among the natives, and ghosts they say are very numerous in consequence. One fine young follow was accidentally killed. Some coloured sailors introduced leap-frog, and for two or three nights it was very popular in the village, but I fancy it has now gone out for ever. They attempted an improvement. One lad thought a stick would help him when his turn came to stoop down, Bad so he got a short piece of an old bow, and holding it tightly, awaited. As soon, however, as the weight came on his back, his hand slipped down the stick, and the end caught the leader in the thigh, making a very ugly gash. No one anticipated danger ; but his blood must in some way have been poisoned, for two days after he died. There was great excitement for a time in the village, men arming and women crying. The boy, who was the accidental cause of death was to be killed in revenge. He had been the intimate friend and constant companion of the deceased, and no one suspected him of any evil design, and yet he must die to pay for the life of the other which he had unintentionally taken. He was soon walked off to the mission house is but it required all the influence of the missionaries to prevent bloodshed. A large present was taken by the friends of the living boy to the mourners and accepted by them, and so peace was restored ; but the boy keeps pretty close to the mission premises, and evidently prefers being there to walking about in the village. Mourning rites in New Guinea are very pathetic, and some of them very disgusting. There are no paid mourners ; but the friends of the dying man throw themselves on him, wailing bitterly, the women wear their faces until the blood streams down, and the whole houseful of people joins in the chorus of a piteous wail. In many cases the mourners hasten death by their de- monstrative grief, for they shut out all air from the sick man and really suffocate him. During the night while the corpse is in the house the tom-tom is beaten, and a monotonous funeral dirge chanted until morning. A shallow grave is then dug and the body placed in it. The wailing of the house is renewed at the grave with some additional ceremonies of a very disgusting character, The mourners rub themselves with the offensive discharges from the body, even after decomposition has begun. All the friends are most eager to have a share in this revolting exhibition of affection for the deceased. It was customary for the body to be left in he grave, merely covered with a mat for days and weeks, the near relatives never leaving it day or night. The missionaries have prevailed on them to cover in the body with earth at the time of burial, and this is now the general custom here at Port Moresby, The neighbours all have reason to approve of the change. There was a large gathering of foreigners and natives last week at the village of Bowra, about 12 miles to the west. The occasion was the opening of a new church. The building itself is utterly devoid of beauty, and belongs to an unknown architectural order; but it is the first plastered church on New Guinea, and is a monument to the energy and perseverance of Pirie, the Rarotongan teacher stationed there. It is 70 feet long by 25 broad, built on low piles. It was filled on the morning of the opening service. About 400 were present, and they were quiet and attentive, though the majority were evidently non church-goers. There can be no church opening without a feast, whether it be in civilised England or in barbarous New Guinea, and Boers formed no exception to the rule. Everybody had something good to eat, and many lumps of fat pork, such as New Guinea souls love, wore devoured in celebration of the church opening. The only shipping arrival to report since the John Williams left is Captain Ah Gim, in the junk Wong Yung, He made a long passage of a month from Cooktown. He was met by a strong north-wester, and could not beat against it in his flat-bottomed craft at. He did well with his beche-de-mer, having disposed of it at £85 a ton. He has gone in rather heavily for 'speculation in ship-buying since his return. He has sought the Pride of the Logan schooner from Mr. Ohrietasson, and a small cutter, the Marian, from Mr. Goldie. Messrs. Guise and Currie have also bought a small fishing boat, the Mary, and have gone to Hood Point fishing. Some natives came in last week from the Kerang district of Sogeri. They reported the man shot by Morrison dead. When Mr. Chalmers went to Varigadi he was told that he would probably recover, although still confined to the house by his wounds. It seems now that they have proved fatal. He was the son of a chief who has always been the white man's friend, and it is very likely that trouble will arise from his death. Mr Chalmers is away now, travelling in that district. We must await his return for authentic information. We have been honored by two clerical visitors this month. The Rev. W. W. Gill, B.A., for many years missionary on Mangaia and Rarotonga, came in the John Williams, with the new Polynesian teachers. He has visited all the mission stations, and his visit has been a great pleasure to the "teachers, many of whom Me his own children in the faith. He leaves in the Ellengowan to-morrow for Cooktown, via South Cape. At fellow passengers he has the Rev. Z. Turton and Mrs. Turton, who came over with Mr. Goldie in the Alice Meade. They have been guests at the mission house during the last three weeks. Mr. Turton is a High Churchman. We have seen nothing of any of the filibustering a scientific expeditions said to be coming to New Guinea, Your correspondent never expects to see the Royal Geographical Society's expedition if they adhere to the published programme. According to it Port Moresby to be reached by crossing the peninsular from the north-west The leader, Mr. Wilfred Powell, is known to me. or work of this kind experienced travellers are required, men who know something of travel in rough countries, Mid among barbarous tribes. Just now it is very difficult travelling, on account of the long grass. From August to December in the very best time for travel in flew Gubea. The grass is burnt in July, and the , father is pleasant and dry until December. This 59\. Tin * remarkably fine north-west season, very , little bad weather, and but few really wet days. Our ; mail boat, the Elsea, schooner, is due here next week. j We are anxiously awaiting the mail for our latest Sydney date in January 12, more than two months old. j M Alton 19. 3 The world is coming quite close to us. I sent off a I avails me" "'our """y8 180' and now here 8 another chance direct. That is as direct as the captain of the Eileen can go. He left Teste Island a month ago for cooktown, and by some unaccountable navigation has made this port en route. The Eileen is a small cutter Belonging to Power, Thomas, and Madden, of Cook I town, she has a load of beche-de-mer, and a pretty full complement of passengers, Among them is the 1, ' a teacher Jerry from Teste Island, who has been ill and is still far from well. He is going to Cook was to see the doctor there. He reports all the mission winners and families at East End well. All is quiet and peaceable with the natives at South Capp and was Straits. There are but few vessels junana. Labour vessels have been there, and one bad case of kidnapping has recently occurred in Louisiade group. The Lousiade is an out-of-the-way group of islands, not of ton visited except by beche-de-mer ' boats. Two labour schooners have been to Teste Island, but these do not seem to have been guilty of any irregularities. Some eight or ten boys belonging to Brooker and Teste Islands shipped on one as sailors, to be returned in three months. There was a Government agent on board, and the natives have perfect confidence in the good faith of the captain, who promised to return them in three months. The Ellengowan left here last Saturday for Cooktown, via South Cape, 