LAY SERMONS.—No. XXXI. GIRL GRADUATES. [BY THE BROTHERS NEMO] In a recent number of one of the English illustrated papers there appeared a picture representing a new version of "Town and Gown." The old version will be familiar to onr readers from their recoUectiont of the adventures of Mr. Verdant Green or of Tom Brown at Oxford. The new version depicts a oouple of fair girls, one dressed in the newest fashion from Paris, the other clad in an academic robe, and with what boya call a " mortar board" on her bead. They are both very pretty girls, but verily the prettier face of the two is that which Is nnder the trencher. What would an old university don of last century have thought oould be have looked down tbe ages and seen snch a development of his venerable academic customs ? Such an invasion of time-honored precedent is enough to awaken 'the alamber irg worthies of ancient Oxford from thdr final rest and call forth their astonished ghosts to protest against the mad doings jof this busy century. II one of those old con servative scholars did come to life again he would find that a real revolution was going on in this matter of female education over the whole world. If, frightened out of England, be took flight to England's colonies, he would find that Sydney had among its robed students young ladies as well as young gentlemen; tbat in New Zealand a bachelor's degree was not deemed incon sistent witb maiden modesty; aud that tbe rooms of the new University of Adelaide were frequented by numerous fair candidates for a*"?'*l??qlclwnipg. Doubt* less after be got nsed to the novel ides of attaching the titles of doctor, master, and bachelor to the names cf ladies, be would come to see that the change wasagoodone, and -was not only an act of justice to womankind, but was likely to be helpful to the cause of learning; and on going back to bis hone in tte crypt of some Old cathedral would wish thenew method all success. At all events we hope he would be open to the logic offsets. It is surprising how quickly and yet how quietly this revolution is taking place. Wnen Tennyson in his youthful poem of the Prin cess coined tte phrase, "Sweetghi graduates with thdr golden hair," the whole poem was deemed a playful satire npon an impracti cable whim. A satire it was, but whether written in jest or in earnest that poem has had no amall share in popularising the idea ttat the higher walks of culture ought to be as freely open to women as to men. Its deep truth ttat "woman is not undeveloped mam but diverse" remains-unmoved, but it is now aeen ttat the highest education is not hostile to the graces of the feminine cha racter, butmaybecomeltscboioestadornment. This movement has not been without its opponents. They vere wont to say at first that it did not make much matter, as the I feminine mind, by its very constitution, would never be able to advance into the regions of difficult thought, and could not climb the Alpine heights of learning. The goodly batch of graduates that from time to time have come forward to receive thdr degrees has shown that these predictions were not correct, and the fact that many of these girl graduates have been proudly clad in gowns made by their own fingers, and -wrought out by thdr own sewing machines. has made it plain that classics and mafhe | matics ara not neoessar- Qy hostile to the ! needle or the -**?"? When these critics found that girls could study, and conld obtain degrees, tbey changed thdr argument and said that ttey would never win the highest places ot honor, that girls might take an ordinary degree, but would never win the gold medals or the scholarships, or any thing analogous to the ooveted distinction of bdng an Oxford "double first," or a Cam bridge senior "wrangler." Time will show. This question must be submitted to the logic of events. In the meantime we gather a few interest I ing facts on tbis question from a recent Eng lish paper. It was only in IS7S that Lord Utanvllle announced that the University of London was about to open its doors to women, and the number of those who have already obtained the honorable distinction of B.A. or B.Sc. is already more than forty. To these must be added the students of Girton and Nesrnham "who have gained equal honors in tte Cambridge triposes, though they are not formally admitted to degrees." We are told, too, that no fewer than sixty young women are now studying at Owen's College, Manchester. Then has not yet been time for any facts to accumu late concerning the highest degrees, but we find tbat a oertain Miss Mary C. Dawes, who won considerable distinction at Girton, has gained the M.A. degree in clasrios in the London University. This young lady occu pies a unique position ln England. She is the first and only female " Master ot Arts" in tte kingdom. She has no compeer on her throne. She has, however, a rinl who occu pies a neighboring height of solitary grandeur. In tte aame list in wbicb Master Dawesf name is found appears among the Doctors of Science the name of Sophia Bryant. This degree Is acknowledged to be one of the most difficult ot attainment, and is consequently very highly prized. The aspirant selected as her special branch mental and moral science, which includes a "thorough and practical knowledge" of phychology, logic and ethics, andja "general acquaintance" with the physiology of the nervous system and organs of sense in man and other animals, and with the history of philosophy, political philosophy, and political economy. This is a pretty tough mountain to climb, implying as it does a fair acquaintance with both ancient and modern languages. The record of her pro gress tells ns tbat Bhe gained mathematical honors at the B.Sc. degree in 18S2, ao that her scholarship must be of a very varied character. We do not know anything about these ladies, so tbat if any of our readers like to talk irreverently about how undesirable it is to cultivate the race of " blue stockings " we are not disposed to stop and argue with them. We do find, however, that this latter lady underwent a change of name in the midst of her ascent ot Parnassus, so that she, at all events, baa something in her analogous to what moves the whole sisterhood, and possesses that touch of nature to whicb the whole world ls akin; and if marriage did not stop ber ambition neither did subsequent widow hood, cor tte need for the employment of her faculties as a teacher. There is no fear of culture destroying the true woman's heart or making her -unfit for her station iv life. Human instincts are too strong and too deeply ingrained to be uprooted by any ei-h process. Culture will adorn and beautify and enlarge any life tbat is able to attain it, be it the life of a man or a woman. It is a little knowledge that is dangerous, not a thoroughly disciplined education. A learned man ia generally by no means a conceited man, for his learning has teugnt him how Utile he has conquered fcr himself oat of the great realm of the uLkoiwn and the unkoow able, and the same will be true of a learned woman. It is the girl aho is tricked out witb a few shallow drawing rocui accomplishments and nothing more, and whose reading is con fined to tbe last Duvets frum the circulating library, that is tempted into conceit and priggishnets. There is no n&-oa that can be justified why a fiirVa education should be mainly ornamental, while a boj 'a ought to be rueful and thorom-h. Ie is a lasting -wrong to a girl to deem that ber education is simply meant to get ber up for the matrimonial market. Her chances in that market are certainly not to be despised, but as she he* Sot as good brains as her brothers, she ahould c encouraged to nee them aud cultivate her mental powers to the extent of her oppor tunity. By such a course of proceeding we venture to think that her chances iv the aforesaid market would be rather bettered \hftt injured, and she would bs likdy to turn out a more companionable wife and a wiser motber. ____,__,_ 