WANTED, A SUBJECT. By LOCKSLEY.* "I want a 'subject,' an uncommon want, When every day and hour brings forth a newone." \--------------DON JUAN (Improved) In one of his quaintly humorous essays, the late Mr. Walter Bagshot has depicted a posi- tion in which every literary man--and especially every journalist subject to the inexorable demands ot tomorrow's paper-- occasionally finds himself. He sdays, "He sits beside a library lire, with nice white paper, a good pen a capital style, every means of saying anything, but nothing to say. Of course, he is an able man ; of course, he has an active intellect besides wonderful culture ; but still one cannot nlwajs have original ideas. Txactly so one cannot always have them, and one cannot always find the occa- aion for bringing them out. All that your able writer under these circumstances wants irom today's history of the universal world is merely a subject something that will serve as a key to enable him to unlock all those stores of accumulated thought and to un- seal those infinite springs of humour with which he is conscious of being filled. It does not seem much, and, little or much it would seem that every day a newspaper is teeming with the supply. "A subject wanted," an objector might reply, "when the ever-con- quering Gordon has turned up at Khartoum, and Sir Julius Vogel has swept the board in the New Zealand elections, when the most distinguished of American jingoes ia nominated for the Presidentship, in which he might be expected to commit a nation of 50 millions to a policy of imperialism, when the aggressive French Premier is encouraged by his past successea to attack the Empire of Morocco in West Africa and at the same time the Empire of China in EastAsia, preparatory to the deglutition of both , when in civilised countries we find men returning to the belief in ghosts, and psycho-scientific societies en- couraging them in the movement; when women are on one side pressing onward to the suffrage, and on the other going back to the crinoline ; win----" "But stop, stop for heaven's sake, stop," I interrupt my objector, "of course there are always plenty of sub- jects. But it is not always that we can find a subject nevertheless. As was said before, the mind is fully stored with wit and wisdom, and the subject is the magical key. But though the keys are many they do not always fit the words. Only one will do that properly at the moment, and the right one is not always easy to find. So that in the midst of affluence within and without the all accomplished litterateur oftentimes finds himself sterile and poor." Sometimes the smallest subject will do, and will do the best of all. All that is wanted is a suggestion, and the smaller the suggestion the more free and unfettered it leaves the mind to work up materials of its own furnish- ing. In face of a large substantial subject you feel that you play a kind of secondary part. You shape it and mould it, and stand off and view it in many lights. But after all it is something external, something over which you have no sense ot ownership. While if you are merely set to work by a minute hint, about which at once begin to crystallise a multitude of thoughts, and ideas, and lllus- trations and analogies you were not conscious of possessing before, you have a feeling which is not that of creation--that is reserved for the higher exercises of the imagination--but comes very near to it. And it is surprising sometimes in how casual a way these small hints come to you. Without them you are powerless, they themselves are the feeblest of tiny sparks, but still, falling on tinder, they start a fire, and it goes on finding mate- rial as it advances. Some delicate questions of casuistry may easily, and often do actually, arise as to the right of property in these suggestions. They are struck out, perhaps in conversation ; and in that case do they belong to the man who utters them, or to him whose quick perception has seen what it is possible to make of them ? If to the latter, still, if he is an honourable man he will scarcely pocket his friend's remark for future use without at least giving him the offer of using it himself. And yet to make the offer is perhaps to call into existence an idea in your friend's mind which it did not contain before ; and thus, on your own case, it would become your property. If you are sufficiently Quixotic to present him with the offer, and he says, Yes, he will some day try if there is not something to be made of it, you can hardly then argue, although you likely feel, that he ought, in the interests of art, to leave it to you, since the proper treatment requires a delicacy and a careful attention to the faintest nuances of significance to prevent its being spoiled, and that this it could find much better in your hands than in his. And so, as the result of your too scrupulous honour, you have lost your subject, and possibly have the mortifi- cation of seeing it hopelessly bungled in the treatment. Sometimes young aspirants to literature make their way into editorial chambers and express a wish to write about something they do not care what. They feel a con- sciousness of power equal to any task, and all they want to make it effectual is a sub- ject. And this they ask the editor to furnish them with. Misguided young persons. They have not yet acquired sufficient knowledge of the matter to see that this is just the crux of the position. Subject! yes of course. But the whole world of fact and possibility is open to them where to choose . What is wanted is the one of all this infinitude which fits the mind at the moment and enables it to draw from its own stores. And the process of finding this one, a process which depends on such an accurate estimate of power and fitness on one side, and such a nice adjustment of material on the other, these very young persons calmly propose to have worked out for them by a complete stranger, and by one who possibly wants all his original suggestions for himself. And they have not yet even advanced to the stage of seeing that the act of writing out the article is nothing, and that this selection, or shall I say creation, of the subject which they speak of as a mere casual preliminary is the hardest part of the task. We have, of course, always subjects in plenty. Mr. "Jack" Gardiner and Mr. Mirams are always of us. "The Major" has become a colonel, but is otherwise unaltered ; and the Melbourne Presbytery, as its recent proceeding have shown, is not altered at all. We have mashers, strong-minded females, weak-minded politicians, intolerant divines, squabbling doctors filled to bursting with contempt of each other's ignorance in saying that the disease is small-pox or is not, as the case may be. There are all the great move- ments of the world, and all its little absurdities. But sometimes the subject and the mood do not fit. You want to treat the great movements, and somehow these seem nothing but little absurdities too. You wish to write solemnly and with pensive regret of religious disunion and of theological diusputes; and, do what you will, you cannot keep the squabbling doctors screaming that "it is" and "it is not" small pox, from obtruding themselves into your mind. What was begun as a lamentation ends as a satire. The part of newspapers which is devoted to news is much more easily dealt with. Though, as Mr. Bagehot puts it, "Every day cannot be an era," yet there is always something to distinguish one day from another, and this something it is the province of newspapers to record. After the passage which I before quoted of the highly accom- plished writer sitting in his well-furnished library, before his well-equipped desk, and pausing for ideas which unhappily do not come, Mr. Bagehot goes on to say:--"What a gain if something would happen ! then one could describe it. Something has happened and that something is history. On this ac- count since a sedate Greek discovered this plan for a grave immortality a series of ac- complished men have seldom been found wanting to derive a literary capital from their active and barbarous kindred. Perhaps when a Visigoth broke a head he thought that that was all. Not so ; he was making history. Gib- bon has written it down." There is always matter for the historians. A great deal of their work concerns itself with the crimes and the follies of mankind, and of these, un- happily, there is no lack. There is no diffi- culty while we have merely to do with record- ing, and with comments on the record. It is when we want to do something original, when we feel fit and able, when we are conscious of meeting Bacon's definition both of "a full man" and "a ready man," and yet when the little hint, or suggestion, or text that is to furnish us with a beginning is withheld, that we feel--and feel justly-- that we are the victims of untoward fortune. Especially so when what we want to do is something in the amusing vein, which our friends might consider humorous, though our enemies would no doubt speak of it as " would-be facetious. We know quite well that we could be very amusing and comic could we only get a start, but this is denied us by the fatal lack of a subject. We feel, then, like poor "Elia," when trying to supply his stipulated-for six jokes a day, and, filled with the despairing consciousness that, though he might make two or three times that number spontaneously, and by way of largesse to his companions and interlocutors in ordinary circumstances, it was absolutely impossible for him to do it as a grim matter of business. Even when beneficent chance or happy inspiration has given you your subject and a good one, you are still not exempt from the influence of good or bad fortune. So much depends on your getting hold of it by the right end. Has any of my readers in the relaxing privacy of domestic life essayed to wind a skein of wool, or to hold one for any one else to wind ? If so, he can readily realise the difference between starting at the right end and at the wrong. In the latter case you have constantly to stop and disentangle the confu- sion of a jumbled skein, and when you start afresh, thinking your troubles are over, you are repeatedly mocked by seeing the thread wind itself up in a more intricate entanglement than ever. But if you are lucky enough to begin at the right end, everything is fair and easy. Difficulties, indeed, loom ahead, but the intricacies, instead of drawing hard into a knot, unravel themselves with the merest touch. Then it is that you really know the pleasures of literary composition, the delightful sense of power working easily, overcoming difficulties without strain or effort, and leaving good and well-finished work behind it. But the experienced handi- craftsman does not take to himself the credit of this. He reverently ascribes it to his good genius and good fortune, and trusts that he may bo so favoured again. Everything is at its best, and the intellectual machinery works smoothly and well. There is a fitness, an exactitude of adjustment, a pre- estab- lished harmony between writer and subject, between mind and matter, and the product is well-balanced art. But to secure this happy spontaneity many favouring conditions must combine. All must be conducive and none adverse, or otherwise effort has to be em- ployed, and the result is forced and crude. Some men, perhaps, have so trained them- selves that they are their own fortune in these matters, and can command their stars. They are independent of luck, and can dis- pense with inspiration. Well, I doubt it. They may think so, but I should like to take the opinion of their reader. I should like to know if he feels inspiration in those smooth, beautifully finished, but surely somewhat mechanical sentences. In this respect I hold with Dr. O. W. Holmes. and, like him, would not give a fig for the writing of a man whose feet do not get cold as he works. The greatest example in poetry of this plan of writ- ing whether inspiration came or not--using it if it came, and doing without it if it did not-- is that of Wordsworth, and all good Wordsworthians know what came of it. They know the infinite range between the poet at his brightest and best and at his flattest and worst. Indeed, though this was Wordsworth's not-at-all-to- be-imitated practice, no man had stated the opposite theory of patiently waiting for the kindling touch of inspiration ab extra more precisely and strongly than he has done in the lines-- "Nor less I deem that there are powers Which of themselves our minds impress ; That we can feed this mind of ours In a wise passiveness. Think you, 'mid all this mighty sum Of things for ever speaking, That nothing of itself will come, But we must still be seeking ?" Of course, newspnper writers are not poets. They are subject to other laws besides those of art. They live under the compulsion of furnish- ing their due quota whether or no, whether aided by fortune or left barren and dry. I trust that the good reader makes all the need- ful allowance. I am sure with the best allowance is often required. Not at all hours is it given to man to be wise, and still less to be brilliant and amusing ; and yet these are the imperative requirements of the journal which must be met. The best we can pray for is a kindly and propitious fortune in bringing about that happy conjunction of mood and subject in which work is done by which reader and writer are both blessed. 