LYMiNGTOA"S CASHIER. (By the Author of "Mrs. Jerningham's Journal.") CHAPTER 1-LADY FAIRLEY. "We two walk in the grassy places, On either merge of the moonlit flood; With the moon's own sadness in our faces, Where joy is- witheredi blossom and bud." ' JEAN INGELOW. It was a pretty breakfast room, filled with pretty things. The pale apricot coloured walls hung with pictures, books in'th'6 receshes, soft blue"draperies round the'wiidows, delicate china and bright silver on the table, flowers everywhere, 'and twb discontented looking people eat Sing their breakfasts. They were both young and good look-. ing, they appeared to have everything; that the most exacting or fastidious mor- tals could require, and yet theywere not happy. The post had just been brought: in; Sir Charles Fairley was reading the newspaper, and his wife her letters. He was a tall, dark, gentlemanly man, and she a pretty little woman; pro fusions of golden brown hair were hid away under her coquettish cap, and a white foularde .panglois' trimmed with -pale blue hung gracefully about her, and was ojually becoming to her face and her figure. Yet on her face Was a dissatisied comnplaining expressions, and her husband looked grave and even gloomy. She held two letters, both open,in her hand, and wias reading one of them,while the other placed behind it concealed it fromSir Charles. And while shite read her brows knit anxiously together, and she :grew pale..and crimson byturr.s. Then. drawing out her handkerchief to hide the movement, she returned it after.a moment to tise gaily trimmed pocket outside- her robe, and with it the letter she had just read, keeping the other still open in her hand. ' - . " Charles;" she said, "IMtaria tolls me that the-amateur theatricals' wilLbe better than ever this year,. anSd also that eshe is to have a stall at the Chelsea Bazaar for the|incurable Hospital. Both will come off tlio.week after next. - You really must takenie up to see them."------ She.threw him the letter in her hand as she spoke, and to all appearance she. had only just read it; and told him about it even while she read; and yet that other lay'in liher p- coket which she had porusead with-'so much emotion, 'and hid away \- aree. - - S"I! cannot, Amy," hloe replied, "you knbohlItold you I could not. - You spent too-much money before Easter;,aidl told you we could not go up agaid." . "It is' 'so hard," said Amy, pquting, "whend everybody is in town. You might take m-e up just for one week, Charles.'" i I "I .should like itmyself. I have dlenty-to do and see theru,.arid I. should meet Jack. Clinton, whom I .may not see again, before he sails for India; but:I must content myself with running-up-for t'he day now and then. 'I can't afford to take rooms at a hotel or's house for you, even for a week, with all the expenses I know it will entail I told you so, Amy, and you agreed I nas right." I never have been in debt, andI never will. You ain't eat your cake andhav b'it too. You spent all the money before Easter, and ycu -must be content to stty at home now.' -- - SLarge tears gathered in Lady Fairley's eyes and hunc on their lasihes. , "This ie childish," he cried imRa tiently, " to cry because you can't go to a ithiea~tre or a bazaar. Do prayoblige mIe by not being so foolish.' SThe young- wife bit her lip arid struggled with her tears "-I.never thought you would grudge me a little money," she said.: . "Ido not-you know I do not," he replied -with -emotion ; "but Heaven know?s 1-never thought money would 'be' comd'e·a question between tius: ' You"were extrai~agant, I sin 'sire, and iust~ have run utp great'bills; but ?astill I did nbt,~ and do not know What biecame- of !all ti-e monliy -you got from me-- unless you play, and God forbid that my wife sho,ld be a gambler." " Mamma, mamma," cried joyous little voices outside, and Lady Fairley.sprang from her- seat as if glad of the mnter ruption, dashing away the tears from her eyes, and leaving Sir Oharles's last speech unanswered. - SA charming group stood at tlhe open French window looking in on them. A couple of fair, fat, flaxon- haired, blue eyed darlings of two arid three years old danced up and down in their, eagerness, stretching out their arms and callisig "Mainma, mamma;" the 'bright sun shinoefell on their pretty ssiling, faces and made them beautiful, as sunshine does'make everything that is young and pure; standing just .belhind them, and smiling down on them, was a slight girl whom. the radiant light became even as well as it did the babies. She might not be regularly handsome perhaps, but her large brilliant eyes, delicate features, and soft colouring were very interesting, and made a lovely whole, in which youth and purity dwelt supreme, in such state as might have delighted the heart of either sapoet or a painter. "Bring them in, Lily," aid. hobr mistress; for Lily Deane was nursery governess at Fairley Park. I have said that she had brilliant eyes; they were almond-shaped and almost always cast down, with the long lashes. swoeping over: the softly tinted .'cheek. This im parted a peculiarly modest and gentle expression to the fair young face, and when the lids were raised the eyes looked at you straight, with san innocent fear lessness that was bewitching. Sir Charles gave the girl a good humoured nod and kissed the children affectionately. ".Well, I must be off," he said regret fully, for his face hiad cleared' up a little when the babies appeared. " am going: into Liohtown to a poor.law meeting, and cannot got home to luncheon, Amy. If yoi will drive there to bring me out, I will wvalk' in." Again Lady Fairley's brows knit to. gether in an anxious unhappy manner. "I cannot to- day," she said, "my -my head aches. I should be afraid of the heat; and-and-I shall be busy in the .garden; I want to give Smithson some-orders aboit the bodding.out.' You had better ride." " "As you please," replied Sir Charles coldly, but sighing at the same time ; "1 can take care of myself, I suppose;" and kissing the children again he walked out of the room. Lady Fairley sighed: too. She -could remember the time, not so very far away either, when he never left heir for an hour without dropping a kiss ori her forehead. They had only been married four years. The moment he was gone she addressed Miss Deane eagerly, yet 'speaking in a low voice as if afraid of beinmioverheard. "Lily," she cried, "I want you to go up to London for me by the 1'115 train; you caii'come out by the 2'45, asd I will drive-the pony carriage to nmeet. you. If you start at, once for the station you canwalk there; you have more than an hour,- and it is only three miles ;.I will go sart of the way with you, and tell you - what you are to do. Take the children to nurse, and wait for me in the garden I will not be two minutes." "But I thonght you Iad a headache, dear Lady Fairloy," said Lily Deano, be mildered. "Never mind my hIeadaches," cried her mistress, her browa again knitting together in that uncomnfortable nmaimner that threatened to leave wrinkles before she was thirty; for Amy Fairley was not more :than twoand-twefrity years old, "Never mind my headaches, there is somethipg that must be done, and that Sir Charles must not know. You must Sbe back before hie is, and nobody is to dnd out that you are away; so you have to walk in and I will bring you 'out." 'Lady Fairloy -was gone as she spoke, and the nursery.governess, surprised and puzzled, took the babies upstairs. That any woman who was as sweet and good and affectioiate as her mistress should be ask. uing her tohelp herto deceive her husbaud, did not cross Lily Deane's pure mind as possiblefor amoment. Some explapatibn there must be, and it was only because she was not acquainted with itthat the matter bore an equivocal aspect. Sir Charles Fairley's birthday was not far off, and Lily jumped to the conclusion that some pleasant surprise forhim was thisun. known explanation; "and she will carry it out even though she has a headache," said the girl, smiling sofily to herself as she thought how ~sweet a married life like that must be. She disposed of the babies, who kissed and laughed all the time, and then ran down into the garden, where she was met by Lady Fairley veryqiickly. " We must make hIaste.or you will be. late," she saidl;- "we will go by the shrubberies and through the wood, which takes off half a mile ;.and whatever you do you nmust catch th. 2"45 train- coming home, or we shall never get in before Sir Charles." Lily Deane gave a little laugh. "It is a great secret from' Sir Charles. I have guessed what it is, Lady Bairley, it is some surprise for his birthday." " Oh yes, of course ; it is some surprise for his birthday," s:aid LadyFairley, after glancing at her for a moment ; and then, speaking in rather a,hard bitter .way, " What else could it be? and. birthday surprises are always such pleasant things, are not.they "' Lily looked straight at her with two in nacent eyes, hot understanding her mean ing. "Now I will tell:you what you are to do," saidher mistress; " Walk from the station straight to Regentastreet, and go into Lymington's,' the great shop that everybody klciws, and,ask to speiak to the cashier,' arid they -will show you' iito a little rooim with a desk and an open hole in it, at which hole the' casliier's head ap pearian'd he does business with'the shop through it, but- you are to go into.the room and speak to him s alone. If they won't shlowyou into it, give him my card through the hole-here it is, butdon't let any one' see it except'the cashier;:and then, when you are alone with him, and nobody knows,hand'him this boxand then wait to see if he has any answer to send." SShe gave her a small, square, .heavy box,'' as ahe spoke, tied up securely in thick brown paper. '" Don't'let it out of yodr sight or your hands," she stiid with some cxcitemnt, " till it passes from yoir hands into his." "! lwill do exactly as you tell me," said Lily ;r but, dear Lady Fairley, your look flushed and tired. I am sure the walk in the sun is; making your head worse.? I shall get on quicker by myself, and I am half afraid of being late for the train. Do go home:and.rest, if you must' drive'to fetch meain the afternoon. If you do not keep quiet now you will be ill. You can't think how' unlike yourself you look.". The girl spoke quite anxiously,' and to her surpiise Lady Fairleysuddenly kissed her, and then followed her advice and left her, urging her to proceed as quickly as' over alshe could to the station, and saying once more as she pointed to the box, "Not till it passes from your hbinds to his. Pray remember that!" HIAtPTER It.-A LUOKY ACO[DENT. Lily Deane's manner to her mistress,' and, her mistress's kiss to Lily Deane, may both seem to the reader to evince more famlriarity than usually exists -be tween people df such very different ranks of life, but the case was rather a peculiari one:' o The fact is, they hbad known. each other before Lady Fairley's mnarriage, and' that not because Lily had fallen in life, Ibut because Amy had not risen. Amy. Green'a: f$th'ei· liad: bieli a re-. speodtable farimer,a muait of mieais, some. where on the borderlan'd between a gen- tlemanu 'farmer, and a farmer who could b:y, any means or under any pretences put 'tht.. three-syllabled .,word before: 'iis name. H's daughter had received an ex-; collest educiition iat. a good' :sohool, 'and was fit, as he would say in his innocent pride, to be "anybody's wife," little dreaming-whose wife his Amy 'was really to become, or that "anybody" could in clude a man so high up in the scale of geiitility as a baronet. But Mr. Green met with trouble and losses of an unex-' pected and distressing kind, and through thlem'n with lla worie loss than any other-" thiat of hbealth. He fretted;ald pined, hiis appietiie failed him,-'he grdew thin, and at last one bleaki March day, he caught cold, influimnation of the luhings set in, and Amny was left an orphan In poor circumstances, and with only £30.a year to support herself. She obtained without:dilticulty a isituatioii as com panirn to'an old widow Lady, a Mrs. Triton ; 'for alse was a pretty .ldylike girl, nice mannerdh well educated, ard' with plenty of energy and a desire to' be of se in the world. She determinedl to do something for herself. ' Mrs. Triton was of good rank and very kind-hearted. She' son treated the interesting' girl, who 'was a ladrly in everything, and in nothing morethani that shiO never aspiredl to be other than a farmer's daughter aid a paid companion, more like a favourite relative.thian a dependent. Sir Charles. Fairley was Mrs. Triton's nephew. From thefirst day he saw Amy Green she at tracted him, but 1 do niot know whether the 'attraction would have become irresisliblerif it had noitbeen for a lucky tumble Sir Charles:hadl from his horse close to his aunt's honse, into which ihe wais naturally brought to 'be nursed aiid tiken cae of. There was no dangerous illness, only a brokeh leg and'conasquent long confinement to the sofa. Miss Green was,'is in duty bounid, his companin;as 'much is liis aunt's. She roead,to him sang to him, played chess with . him, brought him his dinner, waited on him, and fell in love withrhim. But this last act did not occur till lie had first fallen in love with her;: and on thevearliest of symptoms that he evinced of doing.this, to her credit be it said that she mentioned the fact that her father was a farmer; that her relations were in the same raik bf life, that in Northainptrinshiro they' had not visited at all in the county, and only with the bankers', clerks, hotel keepers, wine merdhanits,' and the like lower gentiry of the town; and thlat though her father at one time was wealthy isad could have left her independent, hie had had misfortuaes and died poor, and that beyond her salary f rom Mrs. Triton, the had only tlhirty pounds a year. of. iher own. '>;'··· • Just the sum my poor father used to give me formy dress elone,".she added, with 'a sad little smile. ' . 'But sir Charles having begun 'by fall ing 'in love witli her pretty'fnee arid manner,' oily' fell in liveo with her" the "more. for' 'heir siinplicitjy ind honesty. No' one knew better than he' that "'there is nothing . so vulgar as pretension2 of 'any' kind, and this absence of pretdansln" finished .'what her hearty. kidrees rand agreeable ways had c.?ommenced. Before he left is i aunt's house, able once more to walk and as.activo as ever, he made an offer of inarriagn to his anrt's pretty companion, which was acceptedt with gratitude' and joy.: Mrs. Triton demurred a little and hseked what would the world say ; but Sir Charls replied lie did not care a rap what thei world saidi for if ever a man stbood on his own feet or was insa position to' pluase himself in matrim'ny, he was that:mai. 'He had neither father, nor iother,' nor brothert, nor sister-in 'fact, she herself was his near. a, livir'g relative; " andt you know, 'auntie, you'are as fonid of Aniy ase'if she wis your niece already." IWhen he sisid this the old lady kissed' oim aldadmitted it was quite tu'. . " I hrave a cormfortahbl income and an unenoumberoe estate," lie to tinued; "I hanve never had a 'obt ii tire world, and I never mean to hive o.oe . my will do honour to any position, aind a gill educa*'d and trained as she iris 'been is far more likely to enter into mry views andi carry out my wishes than one of your fashionable, extravagant, fine lady wives. So though 1 marry, I confess, because I have tumbled head-over-ears into love, I believe that in making Amy Green my wife I am doing the most sensible, natural, wisest act that ever man per formed." And so for nearly four years after his marriage Sir Charles Fairley continued to think. Then clouds arose on the fair horizon, differences crept in between hus bandand wife, li hasty words were utitered on both sides, perfect happiness melted away-and all this was caused by money -mnoney, which Lady Fairley was for ever asking from her husband'. Sir Charles was a man who was liberal with· out being extraviagant. He- was.one of those husbands who prefer .pying their wives' bills to giving them a fixed allow ance. This., idea was founded on a romantic, not an eoonomuic baais... He thought husband and wife shoutild be one and not have separate interests, and that ·the wife should come to the'husband for all she .required." Be gave a liberal allowance for housekeopingi but not enough to eirable a saving housewife to make'a privste purse out of it for'herself (a most uncomfortabl1e asraugemeiit per mitted in some families generally. with direful results). He liked to see his 'wife well dressed, lie allowed her, every indulgence and luxury that a reasonable woman could require,:and let her have :always a few pounds in her purse for ;occaaional expenses. For nearly four years Amy Frirley revelled and delighted in her husband's kindness, and- appeared to be the happiest and most contented of women. Then the change-I have described began, and by little and little had beconme so great;, 'that in the spring before the June in which my story opens' Sir Chailes had refused to pay any muore bills or give any more money for unexplained pur poses ; and at last, driven to .find some reason for such unaccountable extraya gance, had accuseod his wife of, limtving taken to ,play, a charge which was not 'denied, though Amy i left the room,:in tears when lie made it. [o broke up the London- establahment at.Easter,' which occurred 'late that year in~; the:end of April, nor did they ietuirn to :Eaton Square after theo holidays were over! aslid their etes-a tlte at Fairley Park was by no means 'the lover-like and happy one that it had hithertoboen. A cloud had risen up between tioetn, and alas I clouds like those arise more easily thais the; disperse. obHkl'reR'ran In ro's o~isnIizii. " 'Now as if brought frdmidisatantaieres, Finillar ai if 'kceow' for year.s," -Sounaar. 'Lily Derine and': Aly Green had been f;iendas as children. Lily's fatiih Was. a poor man; he iwias a clerk id a. baihik atf N_--2 ,and o6i 'sevemity pouid's a year kept awife and three children., He had no pretensions to even tllat plicoin, this social scale that 'the well-to-do' farmer James:Green occupied, but the two ::men had been at:the same school as boys, and kept up an acquaintance as long as Greed lived.'' Iam not sure whetheir their wives visited. ITrather think'not. Mrs. Deane was too poor and too 'busy to pay visiti, and Mrs. Green was an invalid for some yoers previous to her death, .whicli occurred, before Amy .grew up; but the children played together a"nd Lily knew no greater treat thani to leave the 'little poking lodging, in the dismal street in N-- ·and spend a long summer's day at the pleasant farm house where Amy lived. When Lily was twelve,.aud hrr'friend two years older, Mr. Dean got a situation in a branch of the 'bank in another toan, sith a slight increase of salary ; and from that day the two families lost sight of each other, though 'the men met' now and then by accidenit, andwere always glad of a chat togetlier'. Then came Mr: 'Green'd death a?d the change iil hlis' dighter'a': circ?-: stances,:and then the still griater oclid g' brobight abli~it bjy' her fiiarnllago. Nor did nAiy' heai or know anytlhiig',of herfor, mir friifid,: till inquiring atan instituition for ainursery-govorness of, tlie highest~ chararter and nicest manners for her two bits of babies, a girl, was sent to her who turned out to be her oldplaymate, Lily Diane, and who since then had:found the 'happiest of homes at Fairley Park. Of courseo,'the governessing was notlhing at present, but Lady -Fairley preferred a governees to a maid as, her children's companion, -aiid. the real alurse who had tihe solo charge of the baby boy,..the futute ..baronet, was a much 'grander personage than simple, pretty,,i modest Lily .I.eane. . Anad now-iLily, with, the small heavy srquare box in her hands, was walking very rapidly toswards the station, afraid 'of losing the train: and not caring Iow . hot it was, or how 'much she tired lierself, as long as she was able to performn hdr mistresasa behest. Shue .was only just in time to get her second-class return ticket and take her place in the carriage before she was whirled off to London.. Then she breathed freely, and rejoiced that. her' labour had :not been in vain. As the train rushed .out of the station, she was surprised to see Sir Charles standing on the platform. Hie was talking tod another gentleman, and she was just thinking how narrow an escape she had had of being discovered and Lady Fairley's l.ving little plot defeated, when he . turned his head towards the carriage, and it appeared to her as:if their eyes met in an electric flash of recognition. She hastily pulled her veil down, though' a moment's thought told her that the act was a foolish one; if he had recognised the evil wias done, and her veil'did riot cover her face till after she -had passed out of his sight. When she arrived in London she was no longer in a hurry, as .there was plenty of time for all she had to do, and also for her to get her luncheon at the confe'c tioner's to which Lady Fairley had; directd her to'go for that purpose, before the 2 45 train could convey her home again. She walked quietly, to Lyming ton's, where, when in London, she had solmtimes made purchases for her mis tress, and knowing the cashier's hole quite well, though not the cashier's name, went straight up to it and addressed him " Could I speak to you for a moment inside,.sir." ' " I think not, ma'am; business is; generally transacted through this hole in ,the wall." She handed him her mistress's card in silouce. . S"My goodness gracious me 1" said the cashier,'as he readet.; " I amn suro I beg your ladyship's pardon ten thousand times over. Walk in, pray walk in," disap pearing froma his hole and opening the door for her. " I wish I'had better accommodation to offer you for.both our sakes-I do indeed. 'Tis a poor thing, yet all my own ; and Iporhaps it is a duchoss I have. the honour of addres sing " ' I There was something ironical in the man's maninor, with all this flourish and appearance of respect, that Lily did not, like : and she raised her modest downcast eyes, and looked straight at him in that ininocont fearless way of hers havo do scribed. His, bright with an expression, half sneering, half anxious, actually fell before her gaze. He was a man of about six-and-twenty. years of ago, with a handsome, very. pale face, surmountedaud surrounded by black hair; his eyes were dark and piercing, and looked all the more so from the white ness of his Iface, or paleness rather ; for the complexion was dark, though it looked .white when contrasted with all that black hair arid beard: She answered him in a little composed manner that'was peculiar to her :" am Lady Fairley'i nursery-gover His mannor changed, suddenly bec .n ing respectful. * I beg your pardon," he said seriously and quietly. "Pray sit down. You have some messago or letter perhaps T' "I hII v0e this parcel," she replied, ' dWhich my mistress asked. me to give you." •, He looked earnestly at her. ".Your mistress," he said ; "she is your mistress 1" As he bent his bright eyes so earnestly upon her, a strange, uncomfortable feel ing that she had seen him before; that his face, or some face like his, had once been familiar to her, seized hold of Lily in its disagreeable grasp; for I hardly. know a- small worry I think more disagreeable-than that fancy one sometimes has, that a face one must be looking at for the first time has been once familiar, and ought to be knowil toone now. She handed him the boxas she spoke; he almost lot it drop, not expecting from its size that it would possess so much weight. '. "'!Take care," she said, helping him ti save it ;. and as she did so their hande met and touched, "it is heavy."' She withdrew her hand" hastily as it touched his, and for some reason she did' nost understand looked at him agsain as she did so ; andlagain she felt' certain that she 'kneiw'his face--that they liiad met before. Whend and whore could it have.beent Not here, she: was convinced, and iioi recently. It was some viaion.from the dia tant past, some ghost.of far-off days.that returned to her; loudly calling on her to give it a dame. He balanced the box::carelessly on his fingers. "Yes, by' Jove 1" he said, '"it' ise heavy." "Will you be so good as to tell me if there' is any answer I'' she asked, in a? quiet repressive malnner, for she thought his way nrithei .to' familiar.' "'To be sure," he. answered;. ?ind juist' then a qiieution called ;hini to his hole,' and hel had for some miinutes to attend to bhisiress.' ,.Lily begai to.' get tired of .her position, "shut up in a room hardly .bigger than a box with :.this man. of strange. appearance, estranger.: manners, i andhaunting yet new face. .' I can't open:it .here'," he cried, 're turning to her; ' but' it is dinner-tinse, and I have an hour to myself. I will go to a coffuei-Iouse cl(,se' by, wheresI dine,, and there I can sas what I'am to do.i Wherd are yoil gnifig-ie:thsre 'anywhere I c.in fiod you with'my answer?"' She gave him thi address of thd con fectioner'ds. 'in a 'neighbouring" street, i where Lady' Fairloey had advised lher.to lunch. rIshall be, therefiori;, an hour,", she said. ·: S:Re ,nodded, and, openinq. tlhedoorof his box for her, lether out, following her into.thei street throigh theshop. "' I hopeLady Fairley is coming up to towsn next'week??.'he said. i ;. 'I .-dun't. kiiow," replied;' Lily sur prised, and,'after' a moment's' reflectionl, added, " No--Tthink not; I have' heard nothinglike it." S"'Pleaise 'tell her: that she miest come up. '":Whatever else I may have' to say whenI havbi opened ties, ibox, there is no doubtthat I shallesay that' ".Yoery well," replied Lily, coldly,-' I sam her messenger, and of course shall give her, whatever message you send.' SShe did nIot like the man, and she did not like his manner, and, though 'hler words were civil, there was perhaps a little tone.of defiance in her voice. His ear was sensiiive, i;and'he caught' it at once. . " You know i othingo(about it, I sup pose'l' he said in a tdne rf icquiry. " About what' she answered, coldly. " Yo'urerrand, this box, my letter?"' " Nothing, whatever; and..I.,will be obliged, to you if you will take cari?.that I leari nothing. Whatever Lady Fairley wishes me to know. she will tell me her self."' "Don't be alairmied, he criediaffronted, " it:is not a' matter in.' irlichT Im likely to ibe makicig confidences;" ' And he laughed;, as it semed toher bitt'terlly.' ; ' Lily did'not likitlie eaffikr gt all! She wisihed ILadyjFirldy hiiad not sent her;, sh'd codild' iiotit iderstand thee man's nieman ner, andaliee felt iicdescribably reliieved when theiy reached the coifectionei's for which she was bound, and he took leave of her. She wished very much that he was not to return, that she need not~talk to him again ; and yet' she,felt a sort of odd interest in him, she' could not tell why, and she was angry with herself 'for feeling.it. ' Well, ahe waa not in the habit of. making mountains out of molehills, and wdrrying herself about nothing, so she' would' not do so now ; forming this good resoblution within herself, slihe' took a seat at' one of the.little :miarble:'iables; asked for solni'e sou anid'steit' ivith appei tite. ' NTor did she at' all object to the Bath buns with iwliich "she finilhed her"' meal, .. for Lily was -still young ea'iohgh ?"to .have, a .,,well developed taste for cakes. She kept her thoughts in tolerable, subjectionc, while, thus, emplcyedi, but when she had. no longer anything., to do, but to wait for Lymington's cashier, she began again to wonder. ...What could Lady Fairley havre sent her'to London for, on a mysterious rrand 'to this disagreeable man ? And yet, was he disagreeable 1 What right" -had she to call hin so , What had he' doeeI He had a handom'e white fade, and hle hlad been quite civil to her'as 'sobon as'he heard she was a uurasery governess; but'his man'ner 'had .certainly been uniiesual, and he had asked her is' a queer way if she knew whatshe hald come about? Aced his letter?. And the box ?. And his lau'gh.had been, bitter, and she thought, there was a, dash ,of, recklessness in his manner when hIe said he was niot likely to make confidences. Wlhit could a manner like that have to do with' a pleasant sur. prise from his wife to Sir Charles Fairley onhis birthday l Anid then' oddest, and perhaps most disagreeable, 'part of all was the haunting feelicig that his face wia not unknown to her, or that' if his' faces was, his eyes were not; certainly when ' she looked srtiaight 'into his eyes she recog: nised somebody. But that .muest be non2 sense, and she would think no more abouot' it for probably when he canme back here, she would not experience the feeling again; it had been purely accidentalI and she should know that he was a total stranger.. She glanced' at her .watch, and was glad to see: 'how late' it was. He would come back soon,, and just give his message and then go away, and she should see no more of him. Perhaps Lady Fairley would explain everything to her as they drove back to Fairley Park; She examined her watch' again, and saw that if he did not come directly she should have tdoleavo the shop withouit;eeeing'him orshe would'not b'i in time for the train, 'and'as'she"did so hie walked in 'at tihe door. . He looked about him, their eyes met, 'and never had that unpleasant saeheation of recognition' without recogcising'lioan so strong withiti her asthon'. She could have beat herself for the start it 'gave 'her, aend the'way:in whiehlier heart iluickened its nlses. ' He;walked briskly up to her. "You will be late f'r your train," he cried ; '"make haste l" !" O ' course, I waited till tlhe last mo mont as you did not come," she observed resentfully., Bis minanerhad the same efftot as before, stirring up a spirit of re sistance within her. " Give ,me' your message, please.' C" Come 'along,!' lhe said; " you have; not a uiinutolI will walk to the aitatiorii with'you." .. Sheywas sorry but she could not help herimif'l and 'went quickly and silently away.: ' He ccoipanied her as silent as 'she Iws. Would he never speak I Would ho nover?givo his message ?" "If yruil will tell me what I am to sa' to Lady Fairley I need not detain you, she siid with a cold politeness. "You are not detaining me," he replied, as corldand polite as herself, but she could not help thinking with an undercurrent of irony through his manner. But why should he be ironical to her ? What was there to be ironical about ? Her spirit rose, and'though she was a very gentle, quiet young lady, she somehow felt her self put on her mettle now. "What I mean is," she said,:" that I would rather-be alone. I had rather that you would kindly give your message and then leave me; we.are strangers, you know." But even as she spoke, that unoioifort. able feeling that they were not strangers came vividly over her,and almost stopped the words as if they were not true; she was afraid also of being rude and too repelling, and the last sentence was.said in an almost deprecating way that made her companion smile. She had very pretty manners, this Lily Deane, a sweet, innocent, gentle way of saying things, which suited both the modest downcast eyes, and-the straight fearless glance of them when theirlids were raised. " Well, ynu see,"he said, "-it is rather unlucky, then ;but I have to go tothe station" too, and I can't wait while you get on a bit first; and you had better not wait till I get on a bit first, because there is barely time to save the train, and so that being the case we have to occupy the Queen's.highiway at the same time--oross ings are disagreeable-I'm not going.over to the, other side, and I don't advise you." "'I beg:your pardon," she replied meekly, " J did not understand." And then she walked steadily on, and opened not her lips to say another word. For a:few miutes he followed her ex ample, but his voice sodn sounded 'igain in hbr ear. " ag.in '"is Lady Fairley quite well ?" "Quite well, thank youi.". "She has two6 ohildren, I think 1"'.. S"'NO, three." "Oh, to be sure; I.had forgotten the body. . . . , . .. . . . ..Quite startled, Lily turnedliher head and looked at him. What could he kriow' about..theo boy or the girls eitiher,' fdr. that matter.: He was walking on, his 'hands .throaust down deep inito his trousers pockets;' his eyes .looking etraight before him. Evi detitly he was not thinking of liaer, or talking in any way for effect. SShe said nothing, and resolved that, unless he asked her a question, ahe would say nothing. She did not feel herself in the least .nalled upon to make converasa tion for Lynimngton's omshier. Nor, altlhough the next words he spoke were a queation, did she feel inclined to reply to it . .What sort of a fine gentleman is Sir Olhamles Fairley ?" ' : ' With aigreat emphasis on the is,- andl t?hat same slight ironical tone that :had offended her before.. .' - She would :riot tell, him what sihe t ought of SirOharles, .She woild not disicuss his character ?with him any more than sihe would Lady Fairley's, if he tried that iikt ; so ihe bit her lip, quickened her'pace,. and held her tongue.. "'Hey- ·!"was the next thing'he.said, with sharp inquiry, as if remcinding. her that he was waiting for an answer to his question. , . Still she said nothing. - - . \- - (To be continued.) ' 