(PUBLISHED DAILY.) ECHUCA : MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1884. OxCE more we have a protest against the deputation system. The Minister who presides over the Public Works Depart ment has made the discovery that has been made by so many of his predecassors. He has found that official interviews with gentlemen, for the most part from the country, who are restlessly anxious fjr the expenditure of the publiG funds on works that are more or less necessary in their districts, or which, at all events) are believed to be so, press unduly Upon the time which he ought to devote to the more legitimate exercise Of his functions ; and he has caused his desire to be notified that those who have business with him self as head of the department will avail themselves of the Post-office, to mak« him acquainted with their wishes. Ministers who have preceded him have taken similar steps ; but they have never been effective for more than a brief period. The old style has invariably been reverted to after, an unsatisfactory trial of the new. Now and then, we have had a Minister who has been sternly inexorable, and who has closed his doors against personal interviews and personal solicitation. But these have been the exceptions. And their success can hardly be said to have been so pronounced as to encourage o\hers to tread in the paths which they have made. They have been credited with the possession of a variety of undesirable qualities. Indolence, neglect of duty, want of sympathy, and a number of other failings have been alleged against them, and with the knewledge of this, it is not to be so greatly wondered at that when a change of personnel has taken place, the new men have not bean careful to adhere too closely to the lines recently laid down, and after a while have reverted to the old ones. It would, no doubt, be a good thing if the system were reformed altogether, and this reform would be synonymous with its abolition. But we are not sanguine o£ this result within any reasonable period. The present Minister of Public Works may become even more impatient of deputations than he is already, and may receive them even more unwillingly. His colleagues may be entirely in accord with liim; But till the reason of its existence has been altogether removed, we shall have the system existing, if not flourishing amongst us, to the embarrassment of Ministers, and, it can hardly be doubted to the detriment of the public service. Why is the. deputation system so greatly favored when any object is aimed at of more than ordinary importance 1 The superfine Mel bourne critic has a ready answer to the question, an answer applic able to the whole case. Members of deputations almost invariably have their expenses paid for them. This is the solution of the problem. Two or three residents of a country town are desirous of a visit to the metropolis. Perhaps the} do not like to incur the necessary expense. Perhaps they are anxious to be invested with a little extra importance, and to figure as envoys or ambassadors on a slightly reduced scale. How can both objects be best attained 1 Clearly, by going down in an ambassadorial capacity at the cost of those whose interests are put forward as a stalking horse. Having raado up his mind upon this point, the critic finds no difficulty in pointing a moral. He can \>e pungently sarcastic, and cruelly severe upon the impropriety and absurdity of the whole affair, and can ask with the confident assurance of get ting an answer in the negative, whether it should be sanctioned by the law of usage any longer. But critics after all, do not kuo>v everything. They are too ready, sometimes, in jumping at conclusions, Those who are more at home behind the scenes, know that, however unpleasant deputations may be to Ministers, they are, for the most part, indispensably necessary. Sometimes, what is wanted may be easily secured by letter writing, aspecially if it should happen that the want is a trivial one. But, as a rule, corresondence is of little avail. There is, in the first place, the stereotyped reply to the effect that the matter has been brought under the observation of the Minister, who will give it his careful consideration, and with this it ends for a period. How long the period is, usually rests with *be original movers. If the subject is a really trivial one, or if trivial or the reverse, they permit it to slumber, they may be tolerably sure that they will hear nothing further concerning it. Their first answer will be. their last If the subject is an important one, and if, after waiting for a few months, they venture upou a second communication,' the second reply will not differ essentially from the first. Or if it does differ in I respect of being more definite, the j probabilities are all in favor, especially if the expenditure of money should be in volved, of a refusal to comply with the request. It might be very safely be said that the experience of every representa tive public body in the colony is more or less decidedly to this effect. And it might, with equal safety, be affirmed that their experienca of the deputation system is ju3t the reverse, These agencies^ are not always successful. It sometimes happens that the strength of the case sub mitted is not acknowledged, and that the deputies from the Country have to retrace their stops with nothing to set off against the loss of time and money which has been entailed. But the rule is otherwise. Either the Minister is convinced of the justice and urgency of the case submitted to him, or he is overcome by the impor tunity of his infcerviewesj and gives the answer to obtain which the journey was undertaken. Even Where a refusal encountered, something has baen gained. An impression has perhaps been made which may be of service on a future occasion ; but without attaching any weight to this, the parties interested knosv that something practical has been done, and that their want3 have been listened Lo, and have therefore become known. Ministers can practically do away with deputations without framing any hard and fast rule, or without complaining to those from whom they chiefly emante, j that the system is a troublesome and vexatious one. Let something like real I attention be given to raquests which are preferred in writing and there would be no excuse for personal applications, En- J courage the belief that each request is 1 fairly considered on its° merits ; that accurate information is sought for and obtained with tho view of ascertaining, whether it should be acoeded to or not, and it would soon become evident that the deputation business has few of those special charms which Melbourne critics invest it with. It is not at all certain ] that this would necessitate any great in crease of work on the part either of Ministers or their subordinates. On tho contrary, the troublo would most likely be less. If we could accept the recent action of the Minister of Public "Works as a, move to this and, we are well assured that it would be gladly received by those who perceive in the deputation system i the elements of a not inconsiderable evil, and who only tolerate it, and avail them selves of it because they find in it not the most pleasant or the itiost commendable, but the surest and readiest method of obtaining; what they want. THE OHURCH OF ENGLAND BAZAAR.-The attendance-at the bazaar oil Saturday night was larger than on any previous night during tho weak. To-night the bax/iar will close, and it is hoped.. to dispose of many of the remaining articles on the stalls. The marionettes will be displayed free of charge to visitors to the hall. The takings from all sources during the \Veuk amounted in round numbers to £400. This afternoon the art union in .connection- wilh .Mesdamos Bottomley, Whitley, and King's stall will be drawn at 4 o'clock. ?3! THE SOUTH! EAST RIDING VACANCY. Nominations to fill the vacancy at the Shire ,Gouncil table caused by the retirement of Mr. Wm. Simm. one of the representatives 1 of the South-east Riding of the shire, will be received up to the 3rd of April. The day of polling is Friday, the 18th April. Full particulars concerning the election appear in our advertising colmns. THE WEATHER.-After a period of warm and oppressive weather, a break occurred ' early on Saturday morning, and fine showers of rain fell during the day. The total register was 45 points. AUCTION SALE. - Mossr3. Brown and Seward desire the attention of those wanting sheep to their sale at the railway y.vrd3 (in conjunction with Messrs. Raleigh Aitken and Co. of Melbourne) of 5500 young wethers. The fact that these sheep were bred ou, and have now come direct from the Gunbar Station, whose owners (Messrs. Armstrong Bros.) are noted for the wool producing1 sheep, they breed should be an inducement for buyers to operate. AN AMUSING EPISODE.-The Littleton Times relates an amusing story at the expense of a Bulls Rangitikei tradesman who is a great believer ;in the Salvatiom Army. A brass band, whose members were dressed in uniform, was passing his place of business, when 'he-thinking it was Captain Wright and the band of the Salvation Army-went out, and requested them to play one of Moody arid Sankey's hymns. The band obligingly complied, and then played a second hymn ; whereupon, in return for their kind ness, the tradesmen a3ked them to partake if some light refreshment. The members of the band consented, aud they entered the house, and were treated with due hospitality. The tradesmen fully expected that,. having refreshed themselves, one of them would open with a short prayer ; but no, their con versation, although on Salvation Army matters, did not take a more practical turn. Meanwhile, taking his opportunity, the tradesman despatched his manager to go and inspect the equipage of the band. He did so, and returned . with the intelligence that the band belonged, riot to the Salvation Army, but to the circus which had arrived in the town ! Needless to say, the tradesman was much disgusted to find that, instead of having entertained " angels unawares," he had been at the expense of providing refresh ments for a " common circus crew !" NEW ZEALAND AND FEDERATION.-The Sydney Morning Herald savs that Mr. J. M. Dargaville, M.H.R., recently delivered an address on the above subject in Auckland. He said the bill recommended by the late convocation " actually subverts the Oonsfcitu tution under which we New Zealauders have governed ourselves for 30 years. Our Par liament is to be asked to consent to this monstrous act of political self-destruction ; and for what raason 1 Simply, if I under stand the situation aright, to give effect to a sentimental idea, for it is northing more, so far as New Zealand is cancerned, although unquestionably the proposal offers appreci able advantages to some of the other colonieB. For instance, Victoria, through persisting for years in a protective policy, has now be come a colony of skilled artisans and manu facturers. Immediate!}? upon the heels of federation, she will strive for, with might and main, and will, without doubt, presently succeed in establishing interercoionial free trade. This will opsn the markets of the other federated colonies to Victorian manu j factures free of duty, while English, Ameri can, and French manufacturers must, for revenue purposes, if for 110 other, remain ' subject, as at present, to heavy duties. Our I , markets will he flooded with Victorian goods. ' ' and the budding industries of New Zealand will be injured or destroyed thereby, while wo shall not have oven the satisfaction of enjoying the one great advantage that free traders claim for their policy-namely, the opportunity of purchasing, without restric tion, in the cheapest and the best markets of the world. (Cheers.)" According to Mr. Dargaville, all the parties to federation, ex cepting New Zealand, may reap a benefit, i | but.that colony is to get none, and therefore ] ; will be adviaad to decline the partnership. ;1 / Tiie PETTAVEL MURDER.-The lunatic Doncgan alias Irwin alias Bourke was brought to the Geelong gaol from Mount Monac on Thursday afternoon. hilst at tiio^ lockup at Mount Moriac ho exhibited signs of insanity and great fear of being placed under a warder at the Kew Asylum. He was driven to Pettavel, the scene of the murder of Mr. Francis Beech, and he was afterwards. seen by Mr. and Mrs. Abbott, but hey could not identify him as the man whom they saw in Beech's paddock on the 24th January, two days prior to the murder, the prisoner was identified, however, by two young men named Jennings and Cochrane,- as being the strange man they observed at the funeral of murdered man ; whilst Mr. Griggs, of Ceres, identified him as the person who stopped ai his house and passed himself oil as a cousin from America, and after being taken to ill._ Griggs's brother's place, at BeUarme, dis appeared mysteriously one night. lie pri soner will be charged as an escaped lunatic, the date fixed for the hearing of the case being the 1st April. When arrested a pme medal, issued in the name of Holmes for an exhibit at the Ballarat Juvenile Exhibi tion, was found on _ the prisoner, an nil making inquiries in Geelong, the de tectives found that the prisoner had stolen it. frdm Mrs; Holmes' residence in Geelong Wrist, wiiei'u he had casually called, and en deavoured to pass himself off as a relation o the family, but when he left the medal was missed. The prisoner's clothes liave been taken possession of by the police, with re intention of submitting them to the Govern ment analyst.--l;/c. AuiiESt OS A Supposed Crijunal. ine Victorian police have received intimation that a nlaii tins .vering the duscription ot Edward Evans, a Criminal who has been wanted since the latter end of the year J, has been arrested in New South Wales. Un the 22nd February, El vans was discharged from gaol, and subsequently lie stole a wagonette from Archibald Morrison, in tho Avoca district. Constable Monks, of Avoca, set off in search of Evans, who was following the vosation of a hawker. It was known that Evans carried a revolver, aild it was re ported that he had intimated tlicfc he wtiulld not be taken alive. He had also ^ in his possession a complete set of burglar s too s, including mask, padded slippers, dar lanterns, key-hole saw, skeleton key3, ana pick-locks. Upon Constable Monks coming up with Evans the latter turned round, and shot the constable, severely wounding him. Search parties were organised by the police, but without avail. Some time after the occurrence a man closely resembling the des cription given of Evans was arrested by Mounted-aonstable Olark, who was then stationed at Godrnong. Clark s prisoner was conveyed to Sandhurst, fne arfcer inquiries had been made he was discharged, although soma ware confident that the sus pected" man was Evans. Sinoe then n )t ung has been heard of the matter, but the p<»lioe >»t every station in Victoria and New S >uth Wale3 were supplied with photogriphs of the wanted man. Evans was following the vocation of a hawker when his arrest was attempted by Constable Monks, and .was accompained by a boy named ,W. Slack, a native of Oaatlemaine Constable iVl >nka has now been ordered td proceed to B.il ranald to identify the man arrested oil sus picion of being Evans. ANOTHER. New GDINE.V EXPEDITION. Lhe proprietors of the Age, have organised a second expedition for the purpose oi exp or in<* New Guinea. The members of t'ie expedition are all Victorians, and everything in the shape of stores, tra le iastrn ».} its, and even sailiug crafts hive been provided in Melbourne', and forwarded on to Thursday Island. The expedition at present consists of sis men, but this number is to bo. in creased by the addition of islanders from the northern coast of Australia. Che expedition lest Melbourne by train on Thursday evening far Sydney, from whence they will proceed by steamer to Thursday Island. An Imkcitntoo'S WATER Tectst. - In' the arbitration case of Bodkin v. Maryborough Water Trust, the plaintiff wa* recently awarded £500 odd with Supreme Court costs. He now threatens to put in a execution and seize the trust's effects in. satisfaction. A meeting was held on Thursday evening, and the mayor and secretary were deputed to so to town to solicit Government aid to liquid ate the claim, as the trust has no funds. A STORY OF FOUR FLIES.-" There were once four flies, and, as it happened, they wore hungry one morning. The first settled uponasausaga of singulariy appetisi ig appear ance, and made -a hearty meal. But he tpeedily died of in te3tinal inflam nation, for she sausage was adulterated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, owing to the inordinate quantity of alumn with which the flour had been adulte rated. The third fly was slaking his thirst with the contents of the milk- jug,. when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and ha soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. "Seeing this, the fourth fly, muttering to himself, 'The sooner this life is over the sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a ' moistened sheet of paper exhibiting the i counterfeit presentment, of a death's head, I and the inscription ' fly poison.' Fear lessly applying the tip of hi3 proboscis to this advica, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant of his end. But he did not die. On the con trary, he throve and waxed fat. You see, even the fly poison was adulteratd." "THUNDER AND Smaxl-BBFR." - The theory that milk, beer, and many similar fluids are liable to be "turned sour by thunder" is a very widespread popular be lief, and like many other popular beliefs, it would seem to have some" foundation in fact, and to be susceptible of scientific ex planation. In the course of a learned paper, On the Effect of Heat on the Atmospheric j Dnst," recently read by Mr. Aitken before the Royal Society of Edinburgh, the author showed that a disturbed electrical condition of the atmosphere greatly favoured the de position of dust, and he suggested that this might be tht> explanation of the common be lief that milk more readily turns sour, and that similar fertnentive processes are more rapidly induced in thundery weather, the electrical conditirns leading to the deposition of a greater number of bacteria in a given binxe.-British Medical Journal. FORGERY.-The Bendigo Advertiser says About a fortnight ago a man named Thomas Duffy was arrested by Constable Woodhouse, of K tondrook, on a charge of obtaining goods under falsa pretonces, and he was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. It was subse quently discovered that the same man had forged the name of a Mr. O'Shea, a resident of the Kerang district, to a cheque of £2 10s. which was uttered to a Mr. Macpherson; . On Friday morning, on Duffy leaving' the gaol, ?he .was arrested by Detective O'Callaghah on the 3eco:id charge, and brought before the Police Court. He was remanded to appear at Kerang on the 4th April. . : ? THE JERSEY LILY.-" Broadbrim," the New York correspondent of the Bendigo Ad vertiser writes :-Mrs: Langtry made her first appearance afc the Fifth Avenue Theatre on Monday in a piece called "Peril," a drama intended to show how far a married woman may tempt the fates and not fall from crace. Mrs. Langtry ought to be able to play that part well. A woman who can trust herself alone in a Pulman car for weeks with one of the best looking young fellows in America, indulging in champague suppers and all that implies, until her reputation stands on the ragged edge, certainly ought to know some thing about peril. Still, if she had no more ardent lover than Mr. Couglun, she midit squeeze through without any serious injury, though appearance would be decidedly against her. Notwithstanding its fine dresses and magnilicedt scenery, the piece was a fail ure, for the woman can't act. She does not know what it means. Old fools, and they are plenty, and young gools, and they are not scarce, wiligpay from two to five dollars to look at her, but after all, as Sir Charles" Coldatraaoa, remarks, " thane's iv>thin<* iu it. 