TOPIS OF THE DAYm. "WE have from time to time drawn atton tion to the necessity of something being .done to obviate the stoppage to the foot passenger traffic at the railway crossing at the foot of Market-street, leading to the .Sydney steamers' wharf, and Stockton and Bullock Island steam ferries. The immense -and inoreasing traffic over this crossing smakes it absolutely imperative that some thing should be doneu by the railway .authorities that may better conserve to the public convenience. Crowds of people are hbeing continually detained by the stoppage and shunting of passenger, goods, coal, ;and ballast trains. To remedy this, we would again suggest that a foot bridge 'bo erected across the line of rails, and running along the east side of the MarKet Wharf Shed;; and a few pounds from the ,seventy odd thousand pounds, passed for 'our harbour improvements, devoted to -svards the erection of a high.level crossing at this point would result in an improve 'ment. and a boon which the travelling public would not bo slow to appreciate. In connection with Monday's holiday .celebrations,'one point struck a good many .onlookers. This was the evident difficulty 'which the railway officials had to contend 'With from lack of sufficient shunting ac .commodation at the terminus. It was easily observable, even by casual lookers *on, that much more space is needed, even .for every day requirements. Without iseeking to intertere with departmental ,details, it cannot be out of place to drop a :hint that the broad platform in the centre of our railway yard be cut up, the addition of a new line of rails running down its -centre. This could be done, and yet leave sample width for passenger traffic on either side. At the same time shunting way for -eighit or nine carriages would be added. 5 . * .5* The sad end of the strapping young lad :Pilkington, whose death from shooting is -recorded in thin issue, affords a still further uincentive 1. ir , tion on the part of parents. Probably i. ..." other district of New South Wales *is the careless use of firearms so ·grossly indulged in as amongst the out L:ying townships of Newcastle. No sooner is a youngster able to lift and shoulder not to speak of loading-a fowling-piece, he ;straightway is allowed to borrow his father's gun and ammunition, and wanders into the 'bush, blazing away at everything he can .come across, from a neighbour's duck or pig to a butterfly. Mere children, not as high as their gun barrels, can any afternoon be -come across amongst the parrots ; uuques tionably too young by several years to be ,entrusted with deadly weapons. No later -than last Wednes.iay (a reliable Wickham -correspondent informs us) two boys, or rather children, were seen fully equipped -with a double-barrelled gun, and a stock.of ;ammunition. They were both busily oc -cupied loading the gun-one at each barrel, with their faces and heads exposed to a :shot at any instant. Some parents cer tainly have themselves very greatly to Iblame in this respect. The soughing of the sad sea waves as it "breaks, breaks, breaks," on the sullen rocks and the yellow sand is one of the few 'charms Newcastle possesses. At night, .about 10.30 or 11, when it is toJ early to ,go to bed, and the hum of the city is lulled, -and the smoke and dust of the coal and the -traffic have left the air, the city should be ,pleasant for a nocturnal ramble, Then 'the "long wash of Australasian waves" :soothes the ear, and we may inhale the fragrance of the night filled with-an :ancient and a fish-like smell. A huge :nameless object confronts us in th.s dark of Hunter-street, and the?few people about :$it hurriedly by, like weeping spectres seen dimly in the night. But they do not weep. 'They hold handkerchiefs to their noses and -curse. The huge nameless somethings are .nightcarts, and the contractor is the early bird picking up bacilhe, and other worms. We sincerely wish he would not be quite so -early. His deeds are of the night nightly, .and he should not be allowed to prowl :forth till after the "witching hour." The rule that applies to sleepy churchyards and .disgorging graves should apply to the harmless (?) necessary cesspit ; and if ghosts are decorous enough not to stir ibefore midnight, the contractor should not be allowed to stir anything else till after :that hour. Seriously, it is something dis -graceful to see the nightcarts standing .around in the principal streets before the hotels are closed, and while the thorough -fares are still busy. If their owners are ,'aomplying with the letter of the law,.,they are most assuredly breaking its spirit, and the Council should see to its speedy altera itien into a condition of decency. On Monday night, in.Hunter-street, at about 11 p.m., no less than three of these -odoriferous vehicles were stationed not far from Bolton- street, and the balmy efful ,genoe had already begun to penetrate the "air. Surely a stop can be put to this -abominable and dirty practice, and the con tractors be kept within doors till after mid. dight, 