VYESLEYAk OHUttOH ANNIVERSARY. " . A public tea and. meeting in connection with tho' arini vetsary of tho above Church took place last evening. The tea was partaken of in the schoolroom, and tliero was a largo number pro- sent to do justice to the good things provided. The following lauiesgave tho tables : — Alcsuamcs Nicholas, Ussher, Cornish, Etchells, Shimmiii, and Irodalo. Tho after nioeting was largoly at tended, and was openod by singing aud prayer. Tho Rev. P. R. C. Usshor presided, and there were, also present the Rev. J. Carey and G. Daniel.1 The chairman, in his introductory re marks, explained that I10 had tho pleasure' of presiding over a representative meeting, as thoro were people present from the various denomina tions. There wore also in attendance people from several of the outlying districts. In speak ing of Methodism, he said that some persons had said that it was going down, but he disbe lieved that. The Methodistic year had closed on tlio 20th September last. Iu the year 1882, this circuit raised L486 ; in 1883, 'L511 ; in 1884, L551. (Applause.) It would thus be seen that Methodism was not going down. In 1882, Castlemaine had contributed L157 ; in 1883, L17I; in 1884, LI84 toward the ministers' fund. (Applause.) Castlemaine had contri buted L15 more this year than last ; Chewton DIG, and Campbells Creek L3. In 1881 Castlo- maine had raised for all purposes, L305 ; 1882, L339; 1883, L394 ; 1384, L382. ' (Applause.) For the past 9 years Castlemaine had raised the sum of L11,8I7. . . " Mr' Crow read the fiuancial statement, from ivhich it. was seen the debt is L38G 5s/ that is D27 10s less than last year. Tho Ladies' Sowing Committee had done good work. V Mr->Ussher ' said that they had / something further than financial success to repdrt rippii; 'as! they had, spirKfial 'success driring the year. Ho related a' pathetic story of the "death of a mother belonging to their body whose soul lind gone to glory. i ...The Rev. G. Daniel (Was glad, he said. ito see Methodism growing," aud to notice this m Castlemaine. In the old country Methodism' was the same, old tiling it was twenty years ago,! enthusiastic, with' a' sterling ring. In the City; of York; where he preached anniversary sormons,1 the people turned out though the day was rain-i ing, arid the Church was -packed with 'people,': who exemplified their, zeal, .for, missions. .. Iu'; this 'respect they'had- fair1 greater warmth' than: in the. colony. : At home the Wesley arts /felt as : one 'family.' ' He liked _ to seo tea-meetings' popularised, as they. did that night, drawing a; crowd, where one! met .with old faces. He! told a:. story of a .costermonger . at . Stopoey, London,; who .-was! drawn first to a lea-meeting',1 then 1 to i .theichurch, ivltere his heart was touched, and he' became along with his wife a 'c.ott- , staiit ' ntterider of v the 1 services." In 'hearing the report' he noticed " one gratifying - part of ' it, that recorded the addition; . of 'a huridrotl ''-members. 'annually. ; 'This bbing so", "they sKould have a/second minister, -'and not.jcill . the One they had. / (Cheers.) .They- had but, to 'move on in this/ /and!, they.,cquld obtain ... what they.; desired. ... .By, having :: workers ' in;: the churches tliey would increase in numbers as the , result 'of tlieir labours, and ; it would- be anv-ex- aUation. to them if . they eonld '-say tbey-'had .-doubled ; their- numbers: -In cbuclusion! he prayed - for.' God's blessing bii\ their 'church; (Cheers.). . i." ///,./ ' -1 "The Rsy/'J/Cafey was/ surprised .'to see all tlie.poople looking as youthful -and- beautiful as they, had/been wheu' he was'-here ivith-them. (Laughter.) Instead Of statistics being dry he found those read 'very enlivening, as they told of such an increase in Castlemaino arid the, cir cuit all , round. (Cheers.) 1 God had - prospered them, and would prosper them the'.more they depended on him.' In' Catnpholls - Creek' the people had been generous,; showing ihe gold was not doito yet. . He was wonderi'ng how they allowed Mr Ussher to. go away ivhou such suc cess. had . been achieved tinder him.. .-.'Neither Castlemaino nor Methodism were going down, nor would .the lat'er sink till it separated from tlie. trutli- id UurisA ; Lie approved ut pleuty ot singing and short prayers in churches. 1 When they claiiuod the power of the Holy Ghost they would have it j this must be, aud with it they svero masters. Christianity was what they bad to promote, nnd they had done; well -in their cir cuit. Respecting tho retirement of Mr Ussher, he thought they should nut permit him tb' leave, but go to the conference- ttnd enforce their re- qufli'i''"- Like lri'tiiy other Irishiiicii,' lie., was a good general, am! had lite iiiorit' of having a good financtnl..h.i!anco-slioot to.show. .. He coun selled his lienf'ers .ti), be earnest in bringing about conversions, and whilo thoro was a great; cry of saving the masses, let. them irisiuuato, themselves among the rich and convert thomitoo. Such of them that did liot.nttund churches should be seen fb'b'u drawn into the fold. Whenever there was an agency for the spread of Christianity let it go ahead as fast as.it could. (Cheers). It was said tlio Salvation Army "would ruiiV-thO ! churches, God grant it would' do much,' it wyuld lill. the churches/ and the' power of Christianity.1, was strengthening:' (Clieors).1 Let peoplb' be lifted up',1 that they ttiigliti reach the qoo'tl time/' which, should be helped ,011 by their prayers. As a | minister. ;uf the Word of God, he 1 proclaimed' ; liberty, for the captives, by whom he1 meant tlie State: school teachers. (Cheers). Whbn done | with the work no living man should stand up and question what they did after school hours. Thoy were entitled to go. out and preach, to work for 'the/Lord, which was hotter than spending Sun- iday travollirig jind pleasuring. When the church H-as/iti debt, as their's was, they should relievo : the' trustees of liability,, and if , tliey. could reduce iseiit rents they might effect that, besides having free seats for tlie poor, not specially, but in 0110 part of the church, so that people might see they ;wero-po,or. Iu conclusion, ho proclaimed the '.advent was coining aud they should hasten it.1 (Clieers)/' / 1 11 ' -'J' ! The benedictibri being pronbtiricod tho mooting closed: 'Duriug the evening the choir snng seve- -ral; anthems -in good stylo. ,1 There were'-about 20 .Chinamen present, arid thoy sang two 'liyinris. in their tiivii fusltiou, which were listened to with intbrost hy the cougregitlibit. ' : 