ttting or tips. Suspected Murders.— Information has been received by the police to the effect that two skeletons havebwnformS onMaiy- vale Station, near Edenhope, under such circumstances as to lead to no other con clusion than, that two murders were there uommiHiea.- uir enerecou xs xnas or a woman with a strap round her neck, the other that of a child, with its head fractured ; and ap parently they have been lying where brand for a period of from three to five years. If thls .is the case no little difficulty will, doubt less, he experienced in ascertaining anything definite with respect to the crime or the identity of the two victims. A Treat fob the State' School \- Children. — M. Chiarini .was yesterday waited 'npdii mth reference to the State school children visiting his mrens, and at onee agreed to admit them to this afternoon's entertainment at half the ordinary half price. That isto say, Is 3d forthe 6s seats; 9dfor the3ssekts,aod6dforthe2sseate. Donbt less his kindness will iw appreciated by soma hundreds of ihe tiring generation. \- The. 1st of July Holiday. — In connection with the postponed celebration of the Queen's birthday, excursion tickets , jrall, be Issued hy ihe last train on Friday, -27th" Jane," and all -ordinary trains on Saturday, Monday, and -Tuesday, the 28th "and 30th .Jane and let July, from all stations (subur ban excepted) nt Friday expansion fares. Tickets will be nvaHaHe for return up to the ; Ap- - plications apprtivedH' '4hMbta£f(roc -A"; >W. i if 'Donald nte MfKenzie, Framlingham I West ; J.Pyie, Wicklifie South ; J.PeSrDw Chbibt Church. — A meeting of ladies of 'the Anglican congregation is to be held at 3.30 p.m. to-day in the Mechanics' Tr.ui.ii.iito to organise a welcome to the Rev. Mr. Cooper, the new Archdeacon. Quarantine Medioal Officer. — It- is notified in the Gazette that Dr. Williams, who for many years was health officer at Qneenscliff, baa been appointed to succeed Dr. Bnlmer at the quarantine station. A better choice could not have been made. Hineamttb Shire. — Mr. L.Horwitzi Returning Officer for the South "Western Province, having 'decided to recommend Broadwater as an additional polling-place for the Minhamite division of the Province, sent down his certificate to that effect on Saturday. It may therefore be expected that the new polling-place will be gazetted on Friday. . Child Desebtion. — A jury was on the 20th, empannelled to enquire into the circumstances of the death of the infant found near the Friendly Societies' reserve. No evidence was taken, and the enquiry was adjourned until Monday next, to enable the police to institute enquiries. Since then the police nave been actively engaged in wire direction, but nothing of importance has been elicited. Professor Sample. — After a very successful trip through a portion of the Western district, tbe Professor intends re visiting Hamilton on Wednesday, 2nd July. He will, as before, give a free lecture and teach classes, and considering the high esteem in which his instructions have been held here, a large attendance will doubtless result. After his re-appearance in Hamilton Mr. Sample, we believe, intends to proceed in the direction of Sooth Australia. The £1000 Reward. — The reason why a price was pot upon the head of Osman Digna is thus explained in tbe London papers received by the mail : — "Sir William Hewitt has given an explanation of the origin of his proclamation for the capture of Osman Digna that shonld induce universal regret that he was restrained from ac complishing his object. The gallant ad miral, to save bloodshed, sent a letter .to Osman by two native boys, believing that with the message of peace, their safety could not be endangered ; bnt Osman Digna not only retained a defiant answer, but ne cm off the poor boys' hands, tied them round their necks, and sent them back to the admiral. Tbe mangled messengers died soon after they arrived at Snakim. Chess Trophy. — Ten nominations have been received, and the handicap is as follows : — 1st class : Messrs. Campbell and Bloomfield; 2nd class: Messrs. Horwitz, Molloy, Sandison, and West ; third class : Dr. Dickinson and Mr. Ahearn; fourth class : Messrs. H. Leannonthand Macaolay. First claqw gives to second pawn and move, to third knight, and to fourth rook ; second gives to .third pawn and move, and to fourth knight ; third gives to fourth pawn and move. Ihe acceptances (accompanied by one guinea, for new members, and nalf-a- gninea for old members) mnst be in tbe bands of Mr. Horwitz on or before the 30th inst., and it has been decided to devote the money received from this source towards the purchase of additional trophies, to be pre sented to the first, second, and third in the tourney. Hamilton Coursing Cltjb. — The draw for the coursing which is to be held nnder the auspices of the Hamilton Coursing Club on Skene to-morrow, took place last evening with tbe following results, viz. : — Pcppi Shakes. W.B. against Gypsy. Lizette against Waihoro. Lone Longford against Bessie. Gentility against Nigger. All-Aged Stakes. Mountain Moid against Amethyst. Wilful Belle against Fazabad. Eight for one stake, and only fonr for another, seem to be very poor entries for what nsed to be the most important up- conntry coursing centre in Victoria, and but poor encouragement to those who have striven so zealously to re-establish the sport in this district. What can our owners of greynonnas oe rninumg oi : An Old Friend in a New Loca tion. — It will be seen by an alteration in the advertisement of tbe Monster Clothing Company of Melbourne that the business has now been purchased by an old Hamil- tonian, Mr. Sigismnnd Jacoby, who, we understand, has relinquished the numerous branch businesses he has been hitherto con ducting, bo as to enable him to concentrate the whole of his well-known energy in developing the resources of the mammoth establishment in big Bnrke-street, of which he has now become the proprietor. For years past the Monster Clothing Emporium has possessed very nnmerons customers in tbe Western District, thanks to the exertions of Mr. Marks, its travelling representative, and now that the concern is .to be nnder the management of one who is so well and favor ably known in this part of the world as Mr. Jacoby, it is only to be expected that the country customers of the institution will be largely increased. The Australian Eleven. — With the exception of the eleven placed in the field against them by Lord Sheffield, the fourth Australian eleven have not, so far, succeeded in beating a really representative English team. On Friday tbe Match with the North of England representatives was brought to a somewhat abrupt termination by " oar boys " bring unable to make any thing like a stand against the English howl ing, the result being their defeat in one innings with 22 runs to spore. On Thursday they will be called upon to face the gentle men of England at Kennington Oval, and it is to be hoped they will not fail to make the best nse of the intervening time by a steady attention to their business. If not they will sorely be defeated, only deserve to take rank' with some of tbe best county elevens, retnm the ashes of English cricket to the old country, and fail to make as much money by their trip as they expected to do when leaving these shores. The Challenge to Professor Sample. — At Warrnambool Mr. Sample in cidentally referred to the challenge of a resident of the Goleraine district to a rivalry in horaebreaking experiments. The. Inde pendent states that Professor Sample said that be did not claim to be the best horse- breaker alive ; he was not going round tbe country breaking horses nor. accepting challenges, especially when such emanated from' men 'not worth defeating. Further, more, the Coleraine man wanted three days in which to train a horse. The Professor Baid that he cqnld always tame his horses in a few minutes, and that "in three days, a man oonld not only ride the heart, bnt also the gizzard out of a horse." The case might be different, the Professor said, if a man had a scientific and practical theory to nut to the test in rivalry with , his method. He was going round - the country teaching the method of taming horses. The V.AT.C. Meeting.— The race -meeting held on the Canlfield course on Saturday afternoon was a very successful affair, The weather was pleasant, mid there was a good attendance on the ground. The opening event on the programme was the Hurdle Race, which was won from start to finish by Merri ; Concord was- second, and Mmddoca third. Only three horses started for the Victoria Gold Cap, which fell an easy victory to Fickle, ridden by Mr. Glasscock ; Black Jacket stopped in front of the stand, mid Gilderoy baulked so frequently that Fickle was able to canter half the distance, and win by half a mile. The ladies' Trophy was won by The Ghost ; Primus was Becond, and Duenna third. Strangely enough a horse named The Ghost won this race last year. The Open Steeplechase brought out 15 starters, tbe winner being Stampede ; Fickle ; was' second, and Australian Court third. The racing terminated with Ihe Richmond Handicap, which ; was won by Black Diamond; Primus. wab second, and Lyons Lady third. 'Duenna fell near the torn into -the straight; and Lesbia fell over her. Barton, who kode Lesbia, got a ee veto toll, and was seriously injured. He was taken to the Alfred Hospital, and is in a critical state. Obituary.— Tie Pastoral Times 'mentions' the death of Mr. John Tyson, of the firm of P. and J. Tyson, of Corrong, Tarwong, and Walgieto stations. The de ceased gentleman was only twenty-eight years of ege, and le& Eiverina about six months ago, with the riew-of an English and Ccmlineqtal trip. ' la London he contracted m lever of tire trohoid cbaracter, mid suc cumbed to its "effects. He was well said favourahlyjmown, as is the whple family, SSSSli|gS, \- New Insolvent. —Robert Carter, formerly of Hamilton, contractor, now of Footecray, ont jot business. Causes of in solvency — Loss of eyesight, and losses on contrasts in 1883. Liabilities, £15 ; assets, £5 10s; deficiency, £9 10s. Mr. Halfey assignee. Stock and Stations. — Messrs. Harding and Tangye, of Chocolyn Estate, Camperdown, a few days ago Bold to Messrs. Mathew's Bros., the well-known local batchers, a draft of 2090 crossbred wethers at 24s per head, delivery to be given on the station. These sheep will be sent direct to the Sydney market. Cbystoleum Painting. — "We have been requested to call attention to Mrs. Mndie's advertisement in which she announces an early departure, and recom mends all who wish to join her class to do so at once. Dnring her stay in Hamilton Mrs. Mndie's paintings have been greatly and deservedly admired, bring gems in their way, and as real artistic talent is said not to bd necessary to became proficient in a pleasing and useful accomplishment, it will be subject for regret to many afterwards shonld tbey fail to take advantage of ldc uppui uuui/y uvw uucicu biiem lo icaru a simple secret; by means of which they will be able to gtoatly am nse themselves, and, at the same time, beautify their homes. Wicked fob Clesginex.— "I believe it to be all wrong and even wicked for clergy men or other pnblic men to be led into giving testimonials to quack doctors, or vile stuffs called medicines, bnt when a really merit orious article is made np of common valuable remedies known to ail, and that all physicians use and trust in daily, we should freely commend it. 1 therefore cheerfully and heartily commend Hop Bittera for the good they have done me and my friends, firmly believing they have no eqnal for family use. I will not be without tliem." — Rev, , Washington, D.C. Bead. 