TALES AND SKETCHES. Mis# Vnnstoim's Yciigemico. Miss Ethel VniiBtonc could not tnako up her mind for a long time whether she pre ferred Jack Benson or Lord D.irloy. -lack was certainly the bettor looking, mid he ikm- sensed the romantic attraction of being n briefless barrister without meaim or expccta- nous, .mihs Minsionu niroctuir to despise wealth nnd position, which she euuld afford to do, being an heiress in her own right, with no othor relative than a rich, weak-minded uncle who doted upon her. But, though Lord Darlcy was the sou of u peer, and would ono day succeed to the family honors and estates, he was meanwhile delightfully im pecunious, and, if ho was not handsome, he was exceedingly quaint nnd nmusing. Miss ' Vnnstono found it impossible to decide which 8ho liked tho better, and, to complicate matters, bcr admirers were old friends, nnd each seemed to bang back out of dcfcrcnco to the other. . However, tho young lady's uncertainty probably arose from doubts ns to which would ovcntunlly propose, for when Jack Benson nt length avowed bis affection lie was accepted without hesitation. Tho engagement ap peared likely to Bccurc the permanent happi ness of both tho young people ; but before lonp there arose tbo proverbial little cloud which threatened to wreck their happiness. It came in the shape of vnguo widsperings and Itcnrisbnkingu, the meaning of which Miss Vnnstono was at n loss to imagine. Her friends smiled rather maliciously whenever sbo referred to Jack, until she could not help perceiving that some unpleasant secret was being transparently concealed from her. Her pride prevented her from demanding expla nations, the more especially as Jnck vowed r and declared that his conscience was ns clear as the noonday sun. But though slio im plicitly believed in him, she felt troubled and uneasy in spite of herself, nnd dreaded that somo disagreeable revelation was in store for her. This foreboding not ununturaliy proved correct, for one day she received an anonymous letter, informing her that Jack and Lord Darlcy had tossed up a penny-piece in a public room nt the Blenheim Club to dccido which should proj>nso to her, and that her engagement was generally regarded ns an excellent joke. Now Miss Vnnstono was a very wnywnrd young lady, nnd she had almost resolved to forgive Jack nny delinquency he might have been guilty of rather than break off the en gagement out of deference to public opinion. But the startling nnd unlooked-for nature of tho accusation which lmd been brought agninst bcr lover completely upset all her preconceived intentions. The discovery that sbo had been mndo to appear ridiculous ren dered her absolutely furious, independently of the unpleasaut suspicion which naturally presented itself regarding Jack's sincerity. \- She considered that she had been insulted in ' a manner which admitted of no excuse or Salliation, and, unfortunately for himself, nek Benson came to call wheu her iudigna- \- tion was nt its height. " What is the meaning of this, Jack ?" she inquired, shnrply, as lie entered the room. " What's up demanded Jack, apprehen sively. u Read and tell me if what this note says is true," Enid Miss VnnBtonc with the air of a tragedy queen. Jack took the note humbly, looking very much perturbed. He seemed less surprised . than confused ns ho glanced over the docu ment, and Miss Vnnstone's hope tiint lie would meet the. accusation with an indignant denial vanished on the sput. " You nre not going to take any notice of this, Ethel 7" he said, with a ludicrous at tempt nt n smile. "Not if you tell me that what it says Is false. In that case 1 will throw it behind tho fire and think no more about it." " It's a cowardly stab in the dark," ex claimed Jack, crushing the note in bis hand. " No doubt ; but you luiven't answered my question," said Miss Vaustonc, compressing bcr lips. " well, I can't deny it altogether," said Jack in desperation. " But you know what Tennyson says about a lie that is partly truth." "Did you and Lord Darlcy toss up a ponny piece to decide which should propose to me 7 began Miss Vaustonc, categorically. " I can't deny it. It wasn't a penny piece, though, it was a sovereign," salu Jack clutching at a straw. "Did this chivalrous transaction lake place in a public room nt the Blenheim Clab 7" continued the young lady, ruthlessly. "Yes. It occurred at tho Blenheim. Of course, nil the rooms in the club arc public « rooms in a sense," said J nek, " but nobody observed us. We were alone to all intents and purposes. That is where the letter lies," he added, flinging it viciously into tho fire place, "The letter is evidently true in every particular," returned Miss VnnBtonc, quiver ing with temper and indignation, "Tho story is in everyone's mouth, nml nil my friends arc laughing at me. You must have \ boasted—" "No, Ethel, I will take my oath I have novcr said a word about it,"- interrupted Jack, eagerly. " It was a foolish business, I admit, and 1 wisb it had never happened What .took plncc was this : Darioy and I, ns , you know, aro old friends, and both of us being in lovo with you, the situation was extremely awkward, for, of course, neither liked to steal a march on the other by pro posing first. We finally agreed to toss in older to decide which should have the nd- vnutago of the first word with you. No Blight or insult to you was intended, our only idea being to settle amicably and fairly n very delicate question between us. Ob, Ethel ! For Heaven's sake, don't do that 1" be exclaimed with a start. But Jack's plaintive remonstrance wosdis regarded, and tho engaged ring, which he hnd almost pawned liis immaculate wig and gown to purchase, was flung contemptuously on the carpet at his feet. Before ho coukl find words to express his grief nnd dismay Mis9 Vnnstono hnd rushed from the room, thus manifesting her intention of terminating the engagement. Jack had no alternative but to leave the house, apprehending the worst, and within half- an-liour he received back his presents, together with a letter which banished his last hope of a rccou- cilintloD. Miss Vnnstono hnd felt no compunction about dismissing bcr lover. . At tbe moment, indeed, she experienced a savage satisfaction in treating him ns sbe considered be deserved. It was not until a day or two later that the re-action commenced, and even then she did not exactly regret what sbe had done. But sbe experienced an intense antipathy towards Lord Darlcy, from the conviction that it was be .who was to blame for what had occurred. She believed Jack when he said be bad not given currency to tbe story of tho tossing, nnd it therefore followed tbnt Lord Darioy V: must be the culprit. Such grave indiscretion ' was more likely to emanate from a disap- II pointed rival than from a fortunnte lover, . and it was impossible to avoid arriving at I) the conclusion that Jack's friend had com- i( mitted a breach of confidence, possibly with i.'j tho view of doing him serious injury. There- J fore, 'Without repenting of her decision, Miss j. VftDstone mentally accused Lord Barley of having frustrated her happiness, and resolved ; to show her disgust nt his treachery in a very Y " marked manner on the earliest opportunity. She bad not long to wait for this, for in /, order to conceal the secret anguish which she a Buffered, owinp to her separation from Jack, v- oho made a point of showing herself in society >;;nsmuch as possible. As n nntural consc- i'lft qucnccshc met Lord Darlcy within n few ivjlp days of the momentous interview which tor-' jjl minuted 60 fatally for Ills friend. lie caino fA ? upon her unawares in a crowded ballroom >- Abeforo sbe bad time to collect herself suftl- 'Jelcutly to' give him the "cut direct." lie !$> ' 'did not offer to shake hands with her, pos- sibly anticipating a snub, though her manner was as usual calm, unperturbed and lan guid. " How do, Miss Vaustonc 7" ho remarked, strolling up with the most unconcerned air in the world. " I am very well Lord Darioy," she replied, turning away her head from him ns she spoke. ' 1 want to hnvo a clint with you," he said, holding out his arm towards her, "shall wo come outside into the conservatory 7" Miss Van.Htonc was beginning to suspect that Lord Darlcy declined to be snubbed, mid nt all events he showed no svmptoins of uneasiness at bur cold manner. When ninnn is thick skinned, plainness of speech is the only effectual method of conveying contempt or displeasure. . Miss Vnnstonc was de termined that Lord Darlcy should know what she thought of his treacherous conduct, and she therefore accepted his invitation, and accumpanicd him into the adjacent conserva tory. " I wonder at your having tho temerity to address me, Lord Darioy," she exclaimed haughtily, ns soon as they wore alone. " From what Mr. Benson saiu to me, 1 ima gine It was you who spread this scandalous story about." " Well— yes, it was," ho replied, calmly. " I didn't mean to, hut it slipped out after dinner one day. 1 only told ono fellow, and begged him not to say a word ; but, of course, I might ns well hnvo proclaimed it from tho housotop." " Have you admitted this to Mr. Benson 1" inquired Miss Vnnstone, involuntarily. " Yes, Oh ! we've had a douce of a row. I offered him every satisfaction." " The mischief was done," said Miss Van- stone, Impnticntly, irritated at his lordship's coolness. "No doubt. That is why I thought ho would like to have a shot at me. I would have fired in the air," said Lord Darioy in a matter-of-fact tone. " You know, of course, what the result has been," snid Miss Vaustonc, intent on extract ing from Lord Darlcy some expression of re morse for Lis conduct. "Yes, that is wliv I carfic to-night," said his lordship, setting his glass in his eve, and assuming a business-like air. "I wish to make a very urgent appeal to you." " Pray s(uiro yourself anil me," said Miss Vaustonc, hastily, and in some confusion, thinking he was about to iutcrcedo on Jack's behalf. "I would rather not refer to the past." I am not going to refer to the past," said Lord Darlcy. "Jack has had his chance, and has made a hash of it. It may have been my fault, but tbnt was a pure accident., According to the original- arrangement be tween us it is my turn now." "Lord Darioy 1" exclaimed Miss Vanstone, completely token aback. " i told Jack I should try my luck now he has failed, nnd of course ha could rnisono objection," said his lordship.' Without further preface, Lonl-Darlcy pro ceeded to inako a formal offer for marriage, laying considerable stress upon his social position and prosjjects, and speaking with the air of a man who felt nssured of tmcccss. Miss Vanstone sat speechless with mingled indignation nnd amazement. Her natural impulse was to decline to listen to him, and to express bcr scorn nnd contempt nt his be haviour in scathing terms. But she could not find ndequato words in which to convey licr sentiments, nnd while, in her agitation, slio was vainly seeking them, Lord Darioy contrived to achieve his proposal without in terruption. Finding that he was calmly waiting for her answer, Miss Vanstone was seized with a sudden misgiving that anything she might say nt this juncture would sound tamo aud spiritless. She realised, now that it was too late, that she ought to have stopped him at the outset by a peremptory worn or gesture. Asa matter of fact, her furious in dignation hnd deprived her of her presence of mind; and though her spirit was raging within her, she dared not trust herself to speak. Lord Darioy replaced his glass, which lie hnd dropped from his eye in tho fervor of his declaration, nnd glanced at her pale face with evident perplexity. Another moment ami she would have been forced fom sbccr embar rassment, to break silence, but to licr heart felt relief, their tete-hdete was interrupted by the gcntlcmnn to whom she had promised the next dance. Miss Vnnstono arose imme diately and left tho conservatory without deigning to bestow a word or a look at Lord Darlcy, who, however, contrived to whisper as slio passed him " Unless I hear from you in the meantime, I will cnll on Monday for your reply," No doubt Lord Darlcy hnd awoke to the fact that the young lady was not prepared to accept him off hnnd. It may bo that her silence had led him to anticipate a refusal, for he did not attempt to approach her again during the evening. Probably ho preferred that she should have leisure for reflection, lest, being pressed she should give nn un favorable response. At all events, when Miss Vanstoue was leaving tho honsonn hour later, she heard the linkraou bawling for Lord Darloy's carriage, nnd caught sight of him ns he vanished down the steps. Miss Vanstone was no less furious with herself than with Lord Darley, Her project of unmercifully suubbing him had ignomi- niously failed through her own weakness. She was more than ever convinced of his meanness and treachery towards Jack, and yet she hnd suffered him to mako a proposal of mnrringc unchecked. The worst of the matter was, his offer was still undisposed of, aud she had no alternative but to write to him. She instinctively guessed thnt n re fusal contained in a letter, however severely worded, would afford no vent for her out raged feelings. On tho other hand, after her past experience, she doubted whether slio could do justice to bcr indignant sentiments at on interview. If ho hnd not expressed his intention of calling upon her ou Monday she would probably have decided to treat hia offer with silent contempt. But she felt that this plau was out of the question under the circumstances, and besides, if Lord Darlcy were persistent, sho would bo forced to givo him nn answer sooner or later. The truth was thnt Miss Vanstone was con- sumcd by an intense desire to be revenged upon Lord Darioy. She wished, if possiblo, to humiliate him, aud to make him feel how sbe despised him for his conduct. Sho was so carried away by this uncharitable impulse that she never rested until she hnd devised a means of effecting bcr purpose. The idea with which her indignation inspired her was so bold and startling that it almost took her brcntli away. By degrees, however, sho be came completely reconciled to licr scheme, which she finally resolved to put into execu tion. The initial step was simplicity itself, for it consisted of nothing more than an ur gent note to Jnck Benson, requesting him to call upon her immediately. Jnck .came, of course, with his heart in bis mouth, scarcely daring to anticipate the good fortune which awaited him. But lie was overwhelmed by the joyful surprise with which he learnt the conditions imposed by Miss Vanstone. She stipulated for n private wedding to take place within three days— namely, on tho following Monday. Miss Vanstone gave a very plausible reason fortius unorthodox arrangement, saying that after what had passed sho thought tho best way of silencing the gossips would be to get married without more ado. Jack was hardly surprised that Miss Vanstoue should prefer to avoid the awkwardness of a re-engagement, and for tbe rest he was not inclined to be hypercritical. The weak-minded old uncle, it is true, raised feeble objections, which were cariUy overcome, but there was practically no one to bo consulted on cither side. Thu con sequence was that-n spccinl license having been obtained, Jack and Ethel were quietly married without fuss or ceremony, while their friends were still talking of the rupture of their engagement. When they were ou the point of starting off for tho honeymoon, Jnck noticed that his < wife hamled the butler nn envelope, and gave him some directions concerning it in nn under tone. The onvc!o(>c contained a glazed enrd with the names of " Mr. aud Mrs. Ben son " inscribed thereon, and when Lord Darlcy called the samo afternoon, asking for Miss VatiHtonc, this enigmatical missive was to be placed In his hnnd?. Mrs. Jack Bonon would have given a goo-1 dual to be present in order to see how Lord Darlcy bore thu shock. This w.ix her scheme of revenge, and tdiu did not doubt that it would prove effectual. To learn that she hail, after nil, married thu rival ho Itad en deavored to supplant, could- not fail tube most galling to his lorJship'asclf-eduein, not to mention his own blighted hopes. It must bo confessed that a more. humiliating way of refusing nn offer of mnrringa could hardly have been conceived. Jack knew nothing of nil this, his wife being content to cbucklc over her triumph in secret. Beyond making him promise to keep secret their projected marriage, she had given no cluo to her real motives, and, find ing he hnd no suspicion tiint Lord Darlcy had proposed to her, sho generously forbore to enlighten bim. Having achieved her ob ject, Mrs. Jack Benson did not suffer her iniud to dwelt with bitterness upon Lord Darloy's liehaviour, nnd under tlw - » thing Influence of the honeymoon her v .t nont began to evaporate. This magna:i..a.ty was chiefly owing to hur husbnnd's.sturdy chain- pioiiKhip of his friend, for Jack scoffed at tho idea of Lord Darlcy having deliberately sought to injure him, nnd declared him to be ono. of 'the best follows tbnt ever breathed. .Mrs. Jack listened iu silence to these culo- giums, knowing thnt his lordship had meanly sought to take advantage of his own wrong. On the (lay of their return to London, Jnck rccoivcd permission to stroll down to the club for au hour or two, and when he came Lick Ills wife could not refrain from asking it lie had mot Lord Darioy. " Oh 1 yes. I met Darlcy," answered Jack, with rather a queer smile. " Was he— did ho seem at nil depressed 7 You know he used to be nliuost as foud of me as you were," added his wife, ingenuously. "He was just the samo as ever. As for being depressed— well, .you see, ho won a lot - of monoy over our mnrringc," snid Jack. " What 1" exclaimed his wifo, openiug her eyes to their widest extent. "lie is a queer fellow, Darioy is. it ap pears that, wheu he heard our engagement was broken off, bo took odds all over the placc'thftt it would all come right. They say he has won £5000," said Jack, laughing a little awkwardly. "What! oh I Jack. He is a heartless, wicked,' bad man 1" cried Mrs. Jack, with siuldoh energy. "Do you know that, after you and I had quarrelled, he actually wanted me to marry him 7" "Tlio dcucohc did I Then was that why you agreed to marry me of a sudden 7" cried Jack, with a start. " Yes. But— but, of course, I always loved you, Jack. You mustn't think I only mar ried you out of pique," said his wife, evidently repenting of her precipitation. "As for Lord Darley, hu is a wretch. 1 forbid you to associate with him, Jnck. Ho is not worthy of you." " On the contrary, my dear, Darley is tho best fellow in tho world, ns I've often tried to convince you," cried Jnck, excitedly. "Now I understand everything. He was awfully cut up nt having keen the cause of ourqunrrcl, nml declared he would set things straight. He never told me he had proposed to you, but I see now thnt ho did so, per ceiving what would probably happen. Darlcy is one of tho shrewdest fellows I know. Good gracious I Don't cry, my love 1" " Oh, Jack I If I had only guessed I" ex claimed his wife, with a paroxysm of weeping- " Hang it, Ethel 1 it wouldn't have made any difference, I hope," cried Jack, as his countenance fell. " Kiss me, Jack ! Yes, it would. Wo should have hnd a re — ro— regular wedding, with bridesmaids and all the rest of it," mur mured the bride, spasmodically. in our next—" The Ghost of Grey Stones." 