TWO STAEXjilNCh ADVisNTtTRES. Nearly fortyyearaago, Iwas in the habit,' daring my sohooihoU^ays, of ppwding a lone ijm'e at cfcrUiftintervala witl^tay ®r«ndi father, who was tip. eminent. (mrgeqn ,lWog ia.aBmaH town'ip Suffolk. .Iwasfgr»at favoriJ.ft-o£ 5jig, and ctinsequpntyy begpn to" iook on his,ho use as « sort.of "seoond home. ' One day, I rtgref to say the old geptlemati' Vfhils't goinghis round paugbt a,severe, cold, ! which confined Mtp .to be$s ,bafc Iroin which he'anticipated 'nothing Berioua., ! Unfprtu . nately, howerer, to our great sorrow,' jhu ill ' rieBB proved' ;moie Aeriausthanat first ex pected, and ip a £ew, day« thepqorold gentlemanwas no more. Iwentfrom home with myparente, - a. distance. of ,thirty-two miles,'to attend, ^theiiineral., Ths diBlatice in those days being tooj .great ,;to. admit of our;returnipg the, parne day, yre were coin-' pelted to stay pe night after, the, f uneral at the house. Ab the space iq. lhp house was rather limited, I was asked if I should be, ' afraid to steep in the bed in which my: gran'dfotbei1 died'j' an idea which Iindig nintly repudiated. It was "forthwith- ar ranged thfit I sboald'paaa the ^igbl in lb at room. In Justice to toose who Bnggested the idea of my being afraid, I' ought to say that that part.of -Suffolk was intensely supersti \- tioue, and that, considering! was only a boy ol; fourteen, my , ponsentiSK to, Bleep Ip the W'ooihwas,' uncle? jtfoe ctrcnfnsJsDdes,< some-j what courageous. I retired to rest atthe i . usual time, no d<?ubt with my thoughts fall of stories I had heard or read about ghosts and ghostly-visitants. I ftirned my atten tion to the bed on which'I was to spend the ensuing hours, as I fondly hoped, in sweet oblivion. It w«a a huge old-fashioned four' poster, with heavy curtains hang on rings, which rattled with every movement of the bed, and was, at the time of which I am writing, a highly aristocratic bedstead ; but considering all the attendant circumstances, its funeral appearance was not calculated to inspire my youthful breaBt with any'but the most dismal sensations. I undressed, ppd got into, bed, devoutly hqping thai my slumbers might' not be dis turbed by the Appearance of any spiritual visitors. The curtains near the'iead of the bedstead being partially drawn, by. turning my head in either direction, my gaze rested on them. At that time, there was nothing equivalent to . our modern' nighfrlights, and , aave for the reflection of the fire in the grate, my room, was in' darkness. The curtains seemed, to my already half-terrified fancies,' to be hiding-places for- any number of ghosts, all ready to confront me, the. mpment I .should .be rash' enough to throw oft.joy earthly cares and commit myself to.the arms ■ of.Morpheas, floweyer, Iat'laet'fell asleep.5 My, repose Was of a troubled nature, I fancied I heard strange noises in the room, but at unyrate I awoke after being asleep a short time—I suppose about two or three o'clock in the morning, f&ncyipg; I heard the curtain 'rings rattling. I thought jit post be' my agitated state of mind which caused' this idea. Imagine, then,, my horror and fright when I saw, by the faintglimmer of the now expiring fire, thatthe curtain on one side of the bed was being forcibly jerked aside by' some, unseen hand. I trembled from head to fpot, and cowered bepeath the blankets, ' expecting I i^rdly knew what. .Again^nd again did tluB'.uaseen hand jerk the curtain, ■ ttcould not h&vpbeen; a trick of the imagina tion. Iwas. unable tq.cry out even Ut had ' been jhclined to do so.. At last, after having given about half-a-dozen angry jerks,.,in-' effectually as regards palling.the curtain : aside, I was left to 'enjoy suqh rest as 1 could reasonably expect to set bufore morning. Never . was daylight more .e^.gerly,,wel-. corned by anybody ibati it,was.byine that morning. With the earliest dawn I sprang ■ out of bed—feeling braver than I had done £ few.houra before—and .proceeded first to dress, and then to. examine my room, in order to ascertain if possible by what means .my .ghostly visitor bad made his entrance and exit. The jdqor, being hidden from my view when in bed by the'.curtain, presented itself as the, most probable'means. I ex amined it; as jirell as tny Agitated state, of wind would permit. Nothing, however, ap - peared to show any signs of my visitor's entmtce."H"wiS*6ecurely locked, as I left it the ni ghtrtefofp,; .encUhiire was no sliding panel or anything of the ebh which could have . admitted, anybody. X then. ,turned, towards the window;. but that/ too, wis, fastened; and I Confess I gave the affair up as incomprehensible; . • ■' I went down-stairs more thoroughly im pressed yrith regard to eerie visitants than 1 remember'ever to have been before. My. preoccupied air—for.I was debating whether or not to mention my adventure—attracted attention, and drew' forth many questions, ito all of which ! replied with very guarded answers. At laBt 1 toldithe whole story, adding that I had never ' believed in ghosts before, and should like to find out the truth of tb^.oue. .My «tory seemed fo them in-, credible. But at tastj.inspite of.thesolemh proceeding? we had witnessed the day be fore, a smile broke over the face of my grandmother. It was quickly suppressed, ■ and she said: "J think lean explain the: mystery, jroung gentleman'; let as1 come and. try." k ' '' : •: We all followed the'old lady up-staitB inito theroom where I.iiad passed the .night.. She went to the side of the bed and pointed to the aurtain,rings. We then saw. the ex planation of the whole matter, which was as lo.iows. My grandfather was, as I have said, very celebrated in his day, and; consequently had a large practice. His , night-bell—in order not to disturb the other inmates of the house —was hung in bris xpom close Tay his Bidi. - When the old gentleman1 Ms taken ill,' absolute silence-was enjoined. ■ This belf,' therefore, was taken'flown,' and'1 the wire1 fastened'to the enrtain rings.jOn theuight in question, some-young 'men, strangers in the place, and'consequently ignoranttof my grandfather's illness and d$ath; were going bo.we rather, noisily at . ttye.aofaewh&t;^arty! hour at' which my advan^W typk place., Being bent on auschiuf, they .commenced' pulling thfe night-bell ^andl^, ifj order, 4s1 they no donbt observed, ''to rou'se the old1 geotiem)wi.w' Evfery p%ll,'therefore; gave ja corresponding tug at the 'pttrfeinshence my terror and fright iri^hinlcing/ttat sbbie uo-" earthly visitor was in tUf roomf'trying to' pull; them aside. >My fmind vjijsi.'sstrcon^ pletely at rest by fchiB simpje. explanation;: and Iwent.homo' that iday folly convinced that there is a reason tOjbe found,' if one wul' .only try, .for thp.sppcious ghost stories jwhidh.1 ;fooliih""people constantlyi.piiblisli' for ttie' benefit pf thp.igjiorpnt apd £reflhlous.,, j My other adventure, which jhappenedsonfe | ne«c£ befocaJbba<0neXliare4ust related, wsb not of bo startling ^ nature. > At, tbe^aine ifr gas calculated, younfe as Iwps, to; liCaMp me a considerable, #np:ouut .of ,'uucasi ' ness.' X.'was staying at the twe jhovsaedun^g ',my grandfather's Jiletiine. Being . a mere , ichild, J was of course jibt permitted to stay, i^p late by my worthy gyaadmother, who japed fo send me to bed' apqnt seven o'clock. J8& 1 ^ 6°?p *9 M, UwjtoOjWl .V-us^idly occupied,! apd on ,awaking iq, tqe ../nursing, I,found . that,,pverything in .Ihe, i ^oom.had ohanged 1 1 oould nolkccount for I 'W(w' not '# ,sJeep-walkeiV.l?>iV^ei was ensconced in another bej}, with .,my. j?P.'AW# to run over tbe events of the preceding /lay; :but though I remembered everything that h&& ipoci^rred, I jcould tbinjc of nothingwbibb Boigbt^acountifar this extrftorjl i wgy «neta. iraprph^Bia. ~,. , .y ••..(t When thelime«eamfe for gettingup—•. wbioh : I knew■ by hearing tbe /old' clock .onthe abairs-^Irosearid dressed. Od going bato( mj room, Iipreceivcd that Iha4 been : iembred in some tray daring my «leep. I, wm quite at slostito an tier* trod botr: How ever.Jthe mystery wm Booneipiaitiedi' -After . Shad' gone to bedpan bid friend of ray grand*: father's had arrived unexpectedly with hisj vile,. -Tbeyhad fcilculated onstopping the: night, end the onlyrobm available for the worthy couple , was thutin which JI 'Vas asleep.' "After much. deliberation, it was arraugednthat J should-turn out, to make room- for. them. ■ Oa febing' to my Voom to I awake me,. 2 was found faEtaelefep. My ■grandmother,* jkindly otd 'dame, proposed, removing me if possible without awaking me, which !Was, *s she isid, apity.-Forget-, fat, therefore,' of the probable •oo ngequancea, the oldiady: took me\ in her armp, and de posited me safely in tbe bed in which Xfound myself jn the imormog. Although toil was ■done with the best intentions, yet it was; 1 think,;# raeh proceeding as the results in [ the base of a BBnsitive child might have been [ serious. ( ■ ■ -n . I think that these two adventures serve to show that however improbable an' event may be at the litne, there is generally an ex planation to i be found lor it, without ignor antlyand foolishly attributing it to super natural agency. I consider that the present mania for «o doing is calculated to do «n im mense amonnt of harm. eRneciiillv in the young and ignorant.— Chambers' Journal, . 