LEGTUJIES. Ari întèrcatîno: lootnre on " The Brofhorhoofl of Wan ^ was delivered by Mrs. A. Sollnrs Hamilton on ßnturday evening, nt the bohool oí Aita, to a well- filled houso. Taking iho lending organs of tho brain os Iho basis of her remarks, tho lecturer showed tho influenco, favourablo or otherwise, that would bo exerted on brotherhood or friendship by tho prodomiuancn of certain montai oharacl Tistics, and illns tralod her ualrjeot by apt quotations from the poole. Mr. Holdsworth will give a second lecture on Ireland on Saturn day next. i On Friday night Dr, Yon Lendenfeld delivered his eighth. I lecture on " Biology," in counoction with tho Board ot Tech- nical KducaUon, in the large ball of tho Technical Collegs. Tho lecturer described hov,' plants, and trsffl ia r»i¡ricular, aro distributed over the face of tho earth by means of their seeds. Many aro surrounded by a sweet fruit, whioh is eaten by animals; others have long hair or fan-shaped ox tenBWUB so ss lo offer groat roaistanco to the air. Animals and wind distribute tho plant«. Coooonuts drifting with tho oefcan cnn ont from shore to shnro have distributed the cocoa palm over nil tho Pacido Islands. Hivers and tho ocean ourronts add to tho means of distribution. Tho number of seeds is very much greater than that of tho trees which notunlly grow from thom. There would not bo sufficient room on tho globe for nil the seeds to grqjv np into trecä. Distribution «nd migration of plants beeamn nocessnry, and aro facilitated by their pqwer to ubBOgo character and adapt) themwilves to n now abode. By thia means all tho inhabit- able pari« of tho earth soon becomo clothed with vegetation. Light i= c^essary for tho growth of plants (décomposition ot carbonic acid by chlorophyll), and thorofbro tho crowded young growing plants endonvour to ovortop ono anoihor to iurorcept tho light. Only tho tallest cap flourish and prodncs seed. By the ordinary course of nntarat selection tb.9 plants will attain a groat heieht. The wood consists of thrco kinds of cells, nil elon cr.te; moot longitudinal, some nlsq radial,.forming bundles, ivhich penotrute the longitudinal- bundle» of ilbro. In dicotyledonous trees theso fibres aro distributed in consecu- tivo rings, but in palm trees and fems (hov ore irregular, in autumn the wood oells produced from the outer surfuco of tho stem-only thai is tho vital part- bavo thicker WOIIB than in spring (yearly rings). Wounds on tho outer sur- face of tho trees oro honied by a rapid growth and propagation 'of tho celia around, which produce rounded wnter-tfght colls tilled with air (cork), and so cover tho wound with a' layer of water-tight cork. Treeo with. expandod leaven, in' places whore it snows in wiuter.havo adapted.themselves to thia hy shedding them in autumn. All tho soluble nourishment is sucked out of tho leaf, and a cork plug formed fn tho stalk of tho leaf toforo it is shod. When tbess trees aro planted whore- this «dapturion becomes useless' (Australia), they roiain tho habit. Hut thcro is ne . doubt that they will soon loso it (weeping willows in Now Zealand, t)v. Rector). Many high-class fruits andllowors are very recent rcBultsof artificial selection. TbVir peculiarities aro not implanted so firmly us tho habit ot fhodaing leaves. From tho seed of a I bigh-clttss applo a tros will bo produced with botte* apples than tho ancestral/wild apple, but much inferior to tho purent. Treed, whsn alivo, contain much water, the timber drys slowly and el/rinks consequently (splitting of btnni3, Sec.): Tho contraction is mainly littoral (chinks in tho floor). / Tho primeval forests of ogo.S gono by, ia :whlcÁ no saw or axn over made a clearing, consisted in tho carboniferous formation mainly of iovù trees/ Growing ia swamps for long periods, the decaying- stcots of tho fallen giant fr.rnB formed a thick layer, conslnlniir of moro or less decomposed wood substance (cellulose), hiried by lavers of sand and gravel, and per- haps imnieifcd beneath, tho oce^rt, '1'hcno layers woro sub- jected to treat pressure, uud in timo the slow procesa of deeompoci'ion changed tho chemical condition ia suoh a munnor taut coul, korosono, and gaseous hydrooorbous aro produced. Tho lecture was illustrated with lantern views of.secti'ns through woodcote. Tho nudienco listened to tho lealure with apparent interest, and frequently applauded duriaj Its doiivery. A /lecture was delivered at the Teobnical College hall on Thunday night, nuder tim auspices of tho Board of TeoJuical Education, by Mr. J. G. Leggo, B.A., on tho :sttl)]eot of optical ilhiBionn. Tho lecturer stated that many of tho sciences aro established in direct opposition to tho siflso of sight. That the earth seems atablo, fiat, and large, tía stars small ana iinraovablo, when tho oarth is moving in nany ways, is round, und, id comparison with other heavenly 'bodies, biit very small; and tho stars, on tho othor hand, aro (larga and also moving^ Of tho many optioal illusions, I some aro actually falsa, others partly so. They sro caused by the' aotion of an c-xtranoous body upon light in its passage, by movement in tho light-producing bodies themselves nfior omitting tho'light, and by detecta of various liintls in tho eye iwelf. Tho first" kind are thoso illusions oaused by the bonding of light throngh reflection or refraction. Qrthesotho simplest is that of reflection from tho aurifico of a plain mirror, in which cana tho right hand is changed to tho loft, whilo from curved-mirrors tho illu- sions produced aro sometimes most absurd and distorted. Tho optical illusions of thu Polomoreope, Popper's Ghost, and Magio Cabinet may bo explained in this way. Undor tho samo hoading como the illusions eausod by rofrnotion, which aro appliod to practical purposes in the miuroscopo, telescope, and camera, and that which unfortunately often occurs in the dosert, termed tho mirage Tho second variety of illusions is that caused by movement in tho body that emits tho light by which tho body appears to bo when it exists no longer. W ero light absolutely instantaneous in its pnasago aoross space thip would not oücur, and an distances mot with upon tho globo are only in small proportion to this rate, no oSt-ct can be obeorvnd ss regards terrestrial lights oxoopt by means of delicate maohinoB. Models and diagrama of the human eyo wt-ro then exhibited and ex- plained, and its perception of-light and colour. This organ, though appoaring superficially to ba so very perfect, is far from being so, and in reality porsosses many grayp def cots. Instead of rneroly retaining tho impression of light for ibo actual time during Which i t lasts, wo find that, howevor ebert the Omission be, tho improssion never lasts for less than o,Yory small part of a second. Tho irrfgularities in couvoxity of Ilia ICIIB uf the eyo also produco tho illusionR to which shurt and long sighted people are subjocc. To «dd to or taka from the refractive power of tho oyo wo use oonvex and concavo glasse.! oallcd spectacles. Anotbur kind of illusion is that produced by brain-troublo, which gonerally manifests itself iu tho blurring of lottors when reading, and the inabtlity to bohold moro than a half of tho object looked at, ami is a «uro sign of a woak or overtasked brain. From thiit trouble suffered "Wollaston, a well known philosopher, who afterwards died of bruin-softening, Liko niOHt other nerves, those of the retina may beconio tirod, aud after viewing some bright colour for a timo will, if dircotcd to a mixture of white lirfrt, bet unable to glvo notice of tho first colour with as mucb distinctness as of tho other component of tho white. Lastly, soveral geometrical illu- sions wen) shown by diagrams, uud their explanations from sovoral views noticed. Tho lecturo was attended by a largo und attentivo audience. Tho Spanish pross continues strongly to urge tho Government to' defend Spanish interests in Morocco in view of the polioy, pursued by.France in that country. Tho Ministerial journal Jipoca expresses itself confident that the Cabinet will do its utmost, to maintain tho integrity of Morocco, and considers . that' tito host' course would bo to solicit joint action of tho Powers who woro re- presented nt tho Madrid Conforonco in 1880, in order to obtain tho consent ot tho Sultan .to freo commerce botween tho Kmpiro end foroign countries,- the recognition of tbo right of proporty, and tho establishment of mixed tribunals, and .European factories/' ' '.. - < . .. ". 