PRESENTATION TO MR. J. B. PATTERSON, M.L.A, A meeting was held at the Protestant Hall last night, for the purpose of making several presentations to Mr. J. B. Patterson, MX. A., who is ahont to tako a trip to England. Thcro was a large attendance, a number of ln.til.1S rta»iniT nroflAiif TVfn Wtit Uttna nontl . pied the chair, and there wero present on the platform — Messrs. W. Collard Smith, 1!. 1>. lleid, H. M'Coll and J. Gardiner, M.L.A.'s, besides other influential gentlemen. After the National Anthem had been sung, 'i'ho chairman, in opi ning the proceedings, expressed the pleasure it gave him to bo pro- sent and take the chair 011 tho occasion of the presentation to Mr. Patterson, for whom lie had always felt a high respect. It would he remembered that some 13 or 10 months ago strong feeling was aroused regarding tho action of certain members of tlie Legislative Assembly, and meetings were held in different parts of the colony. At these Mr. Patterson received votes of thanks for iris outspoken condemnation of tho action of tho members referred to. These votes of thanks had never been presented to liim, and to per form this duty they had met that night. The committee had felt that something moro was duo to Mr. Patterson, and had ho not put his voto on it, it was probable that a splendid purse of sovereigns would have been presented to hiin. Mr. Patterson had, how ever, said no, and had not approved of receiv ing a money reward for doing what he con sidered to bo his duty. So, instead of a purse of sovereigns, they had several mementoes which Mr. Patterson would, he was Burn, value highly. He (the speaker) was sure that all present would join with him in Imping that Mr. Patterson might enjoy his visit to the old country, aud come hack to occupy, if possible, a higher position than lie had held before. In conclu sion the speaker referred to the organisation amongst a section of the community, which had enabled Sir John O'Shannssy — a man who had done much for the colony in his time — to say in the House that Ik could make and unmake Ministries. When a section of the colonists were so consolidated as to return a member who could make such a remark, it had been thought timo for some organisation on the other side to begin. (Applause.) Mr. W . llobinson, secretary to tho Patter son testimonial fund, then read letters of apology from the Dean of Melbourno, the Lev. H. Langlcy, Mf. Jus. Balfour, M.L.C., Mr. J, KImino, MX. A., Dr. Gilchrist and other gentlemen. An address was then read by the chairman from certain loyal subjects of the Qnccn in Victoria, expressing the profound appreciation of the signatories of the valuable services which Mr. Patterson had rendered to the community, special reference being made to his fearless anfl outspoken denunciation of tho conduct of those members of tho Legislative Assembly who had signed the Grattan address. I'oliow- ing upon this Mr. James Munro, after a short speech, presented an address on behalf of tho Victorian Alliance, which body wished to recognise tho support which Mr. Patterson had given to the local option principle by his speeches in Parliament. Another address from the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australia was then read. Dr. Porter then delivered a lengthy speech, in the course of which lie digressed so much from the question to which lie was supposed to bo addressing himself that his hearers becamo so impatient as to cause his ultimate retire ment. Dr.Figg, of Williamstown, also spoke expres sing the opinion that the people of this colony could not ho regarded as loyal, otherwise the Bedmond brothers would not have succeeded in collecting a3 much money as tlioy hud done. The Kev. T. James then presented Mr. Patterson with a gold watch, chain and locket, set in diamonds, and also handed to him, for presentation to Mrs. Patterson, a diamond brooch, earrings and bracelet. The chairman then presented the addresses together with a handsomely bound volumo containing the autographs of those who had signed the first address. The presentations were made amid great applause. Mr. Patterson, who, upon rising, was re ceived with enthusiastic applauso, said that ou the eve of sailing for a trip to Bnglund, it was very gratifying to him to receive tho generous expressions contained in tho several addresses which they had presented to him, and for which he offered his most sincere thanks. Ho valued tlie presentation specially as coming from loyalists. (Applause.) That wa3 an honorable title, under which nil classes and creeds could rank. To be loyal to all tho institutions under which we lived, and lo be loyal in all tho relations of life wa3 worthy of tho best. In any country where loyalty existed: the State had nothing to fear, and tho individual members of the com munity could lire in perfect harmony. (Hear, hear.) The desire of Australians was to get along quietly with everybody, and right glad was this partially populated com munity of the companionship of people coming from any portion of tho civilised world. It entered largely into the early training of colonists to make themselves agreeable to all sorts and conditions of men, aud they began to realise that there wero industrious and in telligent people from other parts of the globe as well as their own. Indcod, our excellent friends and fellow colonists tlie Germans and others had Bet an cxamploin industry and the amenities of social life that would have a lastingly beneficial effect in Victoria, (Hear, hear.) An opportunity had occurred wiiich had subjected us to the examination of critics who had visited our shores, and pnt us on our best behavior. Tho result of our great fair, the exhibition of 1SS0-S1, was satisfactory to our pride as founders of a great country, aud en abled us to say, in the language of tho Queen's speech, that we wero at peace with all foreign powers ; bat, unfortunately, we were not at peace amongst ourselves. The great exhibition had closed with congratulations un precedented, and everything had passed off as merry as a marriage bell, bat scarcely had we let go tlie hands of our friendly visitors when it was discovered that there were enemies in our midst, and that these were of our own household. He (tho speaker) need hardly re call tho deep feeling of regret— of shame — which was shown when it was found that the prisonous seed of sedition had been sown on onr virgin soil. To prevent it taking root was tho first consideration, and there was no timo to be lost. It was necessary, metaphorically speaking, to dig it out of tlie ground (applause), and he rejoiced to say that this had been effectually accomplished. Iu the address just presented to him (Mr. Fatterson) lie was credited with some share in the good work, and lie could not hut fuel deeply sensible of their recognition. That treasou had been stifled on tlie threshold subsequent events amply proved. (Applause.) However some men might secretly feel, none had been so daring since that time as to talk treason publicly. (Hear, hear.) They had been con strained to speak respectfully of our most gracious Queen aud of our institutions. It had been announced in soino quarters, with a great flourish of trumpets, that two vonng men from the old country would so electrify Australia with oratorical fervor that an army would rise up and cross the water to demand satisfaction for the wrongs committed somo 500 years ago. (Laughter.) But, to tho credit of the young gentlemen in qnes. tion, be it said, they conducted themselves before selected audiences in the most un objectionable manner. Their harangues wero of the patent safety kind, that would only strike on the box, it being carefully arranged that when one brother had the matches, tho other, in some distant part, had tho box, consequently there was neither ignition nor explosion. The most extraor dinary part of all, lion-over, was that they camo hero to explain the secret cause of foul murder (which they failed to do), and de parted amid the hurrahs of the pleasant and public ceremony of marriage; and. if report spoke truly, they were not indifferent to tho charm of filthy lucre. (Laughter). The frowning patriots that came here prepared to die (for their country thought it tetter afterwards to multiply what they call their down-trodden race. (Laughter and ap plause.) They offended no living being. They talked of wrongs committed seven, i centuries ago, and nppealingly asked, with a great show of earnestness, should such things bo? A great many people felt at tho time an inclination to be avenged on their an cestors, and, if they could have been resurrected at the correct climax of somo appointed period, Donnybrouk fair would have been "small potatoes " (great laughter) compared to tho ruction that would have occurred. It had been announced with satisfaction that iu all tho colonics tlie sum of £1000 had been raised for this antediluvian pur pose. The amount was moderate, and, if it was mis- appropriated in feasting tho living, it would do more good than in raising tlie ghosts of the dead. He (Mr. I'attersan) thought that to seek revenge for supposed wrongs committed centuries gonehy was a suitable amusement for a race of Bip ; Van Winkles. (Laughter.) Modern civilian- ' tion marked a divergence from the habits of those who dreamt of the post, and thought only oi their next meal, to the hopefol, the cheer ful, tho gentle, the contented and provident, who could realise a good time now, and so act as to ensuro a better time coming. Loyal Aus tralian statesmen wore at present concerned in stretching out tho boundaries o£ tho British empire, in securing Australian peace, in cement ing British power ; and they who now nagged and attempted to cripple the march of prosperity by prompting internal discord and disloyi ity were ten times worse enemies than any the empire had to fear from outside. (Hoar, hear.) In all these colo nies tho predominant feeling amongst publio men was to preservo and strengthen tho hnd. that united us to the British Empire, and ho (Mr. Patterson) thought that in respect to this we had some rca- soD for complaint nt the conduct o£ casual visitors, who sometimes stupidly misrepre sented Australian opinion. Amongst these Sir. Archibald Forbes stood prominent. That gentleman wrote flippautly of a period — ac cording to him — at no distant dato, when tlie colonies would sever and hoist the Kangaroo and Emu on their own account. \Yo here denied the competency o£ that most sensational war reporter to express a correct opinion on any subject of tho kind after a flying visit to onr shores. Judging from his Australian reminiscences Sir. Forbes was more in his ele ment measuring men for boots than looking for their ideas. (Laughter.) There wero no public men in any of the colonies pre pared to endorse Mr. Forbos'a silly asser tions. They know too well tho value of the Imperial connection, and the worth ot British institutions, and knew that as a part of the empire the colonics were powerful, and enjoyed too many advantages to even dream of sev-i'ing our connection. Wo lived under institinions that wero the envy u: the world ; and for justice and manliness the name of Englishman was everywhere revered. (Ap plause.) As colonists they sought to im part the principles of peace and progress, and the cause of humanity had suffered but little at their hands. These facts were admitted by what we called foreign re lations, and vet, strange to say, amongst ourselves tbere was a section sulking ir. gloomy despondency and apparently unable to understand our desire to live in harmony with everybody, and to deal justly, liberally and iu a charitable spirit with all men. They seemed unable to appreciate tho grandeur of our in stitutions, and he (the speaker) was afraid, seeing how much encouragement rebels re ceived in tho old country, that there would bo no speedy improvement. Their claims in creased as each demand was granted. They should have been taken in hand more sternly at tho commencement (Voices : That's it ) ; because, under present circumstances, a peaceable settlement of affairs seemed as far off as ever. It was the duty of tho nation not to select any class for special treatment, hut to deal with all alike in fairness and justice, and to discoun tenance and discourage professional growlers, instead oi magnifying their insignificance, and so creating a source of malignant danger, (Applause.) At all times we should avoid an aggressive attitude, but we would not be entitled to the honored name of loyalists if wo did not enter our most serious protest whenever the cloven hoof was dis played. Ho trusted the occasion for an active interference and repression of a similar kind would never again arise in tho history of tho colony. ('Hear, hear.) He again thanked them for the valuable tokens of their esteem towards Mrs. Patterson nnd himself. The thought of the many kind friends they had left behind them would assist iu uniting their sympathies in remembrance of them, and would help to hasten them back to this their adopted home. Mr. W. Collard Smith, M.L.A,, moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr. B. D. Keid, M.L.A., seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously, after which the proceedings terminated with sing ing the National Anthem. 