OtJX AND ASOUT. It b not often that I take an interest lo elec tion, more especially in those for members of the Upper House; but I confess tbst I am interested fn the contest for the Southern I'rovince. i Know one oi tue candidates—air. John Halfey— well, and a better representative do constituency could possibly have. He has at nil times shown himself to be a true Liberal and a straight man, and as such should receive the warm sup port of all readers of the Sportshan. To those of my readers who have a vote for the Southern Province I can, with a confidence never felt by " Vigilant" and his fellow-tipsters, spot Mr. John Halfey ai the right man to go for, right out, and oo hedging. I know Mr. Halfey to he a straight goer, and I like straight goers, whether on the turf or in politics. Hence my tip to all my readers that he is the right man to support, eren though they may not endorse all bis views. Wade in, boys. It U very strange certainly the things that yon witness when yon are " out," and it is still more strange what you witness when you are (> about." Only the other night I was wander ing down Bourke-street— or, rather, I should be more correct if t arid afternoon — when I sud denly noticed a clerical friend of nunc, whose wife was fiudiDg fault with him for some little domestio shortcoming, or, to tell the troth, full- coming, in the domestic line. Sky-pilots will go out of their course sometimes, and I fancy that my friend mast have been one of these backsliders. Anyhow, I discovered his very much better half and himself standing near the corner of Bourke-street and Swanston-street. The coffee-stall, for the nonoe, was doing little or no business r the constable at the corn er was more than usually contemplative, and the matrimonial couple were alone. The wife took tbe advantage that women always do take under these circumstances, and slated her backsliding husband in the most poetically-demonstrative manner. u You have not been drinking, sir," she remarked; I know you've not been drinking, bat yoa've been interviewing a repentant Binner — I know what that means 1" and then she pointed to a man with whom I had seen my friend engaged in a previous con versation, evidently the repentant sinner in question, and remarked, " Look at that ; if yon fall from grace, that's what you will come to." The husband looked at him for a moment, and stayed in speechless admiration. I stayed also. If 1 were a ship in fall rig, I should stay under similar circumstances. The most experi- enced mariner would have done the same. For, drawing himself to his full height, the miserable example alluded to by the wife halted in front of an advertising medium, drew himself to his fall height, moistened his eye brows, brush ed up his moustache with a small comb, gracefully salivaed his fingers, passed them through his hair, softly warbled the first few notes of "Angels Watt Him," and then with an emphatic remark, " Thit toili do it" elegantly tacked into the gntter. The tack was mora forcible than the remark, and since then my friend has been strangely silent on tbe subject of conversion. It is strange, however, how this idea of exemplary conversion works. Only aweekagoa slight acquaintance of mine — not wholly unknown in political circles— who has recently joiued the Salvation Army and also mouuted a Blue Ribbon, such as in the Chelsea Bun days of his infancy ko would never have dreamed of, was walking down Swanston-street to catch the train to Frahran, slightly oblivious of the fact that he had made aa appointment to meet his wife an hour beforehand. Intent upon securing domestic felicity for the evening, he had invested in a bag of apples ; but, alas for his future happiness I he bad omitted to take into consideration the fragile nature of the bag containing the forbidden fruit, and the result was that on arriving at the station be was met by Lis wife, who having patiently followed him down the street, bad collected in a hand-bag the apples which her careful, but somewhat oblivious husband had dropped on his way. Rumour says that had she called in at the Y.M.C.A. on her road home she might have collected still more. How this forbidden fruit will stray 1 I AH not among those who believe the rumour that tbe time-tables on our suhurbau railway lines are produced in tbe lucid interval of some otherwise harmless lunatic at the Yarra-Bend. Neither do I suppose that they are framed by some official with a general spite against mankind. Nor do I even think that the Commissioners ate not more auxious than the proverbial old man with tbe donkey to oblige every one, from the indignant ratepayer of Brighton down to the comparatively bumble petitioner of Oakleigh. But I do think they might turn eome of their atteution to the timing of the trains. When twenty-eight minutes are occupied in a journey from Elsternwick to Melbourne, a distance of six miles— a rate of speed which eome of the neighbouring trotting cracks would regard with withering contempt- it becomes rather too much of a good thing for a life of the average duration. No man, how ever enamoured of locomotion, desires to spend all his time in a railway carriage. There is a story, certainly, of a man who utilised her Majesty's North-Eastern Line lor tbe success ful prosecution of a love affair for nearly three months, but then be was a Scotch Presbyterian enamoured of a Baptist lady, and the ways of " rich" are peculiar. When ore they goiog to let that uufortunate William Shakespeare alone? His bones rest in peace, no doubt, but bis works certsiuly do not. For years there was a discussion as to whether Hamlet was mad or sane, though his feigned madness appears to he the only reason for the play ; and several learned gentlemen absolutely quarrelled over it. Now they have tackled Lady Macbeth, and Dr. Neild asserts that be agrees with Mrs. Siddons that she was a little, fair, blue-eyed woman. Apart from the fact that he has had considerable experience in interesting actresses, I don't suppose anyone cares one rap what Dr. Neild thiulu about the deceased lady. Some faint historical memory reminds me that old Duncan wasn't half tho very well-washed pota to described in Shakes peare, but that on the oontrery his highly respectable appearance and bis white bead had been merely need for the purpose of ousting Lady Macbeth, who, before her marriage, was the rightful heiress to the throne. Another rumour of my youth was that she was an Irish lady on a visit to her kinsman, bat had been auuexed by Macbeth. One thing is certain from her own confe93ion— that she dida't employ a wet-nurse; and that's a good feature in any married woman's character. The greatest ioja9tice perpetrated, however, is the assertion of a gentleman at the last meet ing of the ShakesperUu Society that Macbeth was the " third murderer ot Banquo." As if the nnfortnoate gentleman hadn't enough to answer for already. Worried by witches, in formed musically that he "must shed more blood," badgered by his wife, and followed about by an unsavoory ghost, no wonder he wanted to die with harness on his book. I should have ciCTittod him had he to Hop Bitten It is a strange thing what freaks fancy plays as occasionally. Only the other night a gentleman, not wholly unconnected with literary pursuits, but generally accustomed to wend his way homewards at aa early hoar, was compelled, by attendance at a temperanco meeting, to remain in town until the departure of tbe laat train. The speeches at the meeting were of the customarily impressive and moral character, and they had such an effect on the mind of this particular hearer that, after dis coursing eloquently in the train to three clerical gentlemen on the evils of intoxication, he retired musingly to his home— through two miles of rain and Eolitudc— took a cold bath, and was discovered an hoar afterwards by the partner of his domestic beatitude clad in fall evening dress, seated before the remains of a humble sapper, with two empty beer bottles on tbe floor, tears in his eyes, and the fag end of a temperance speech oozing from his mouth. His wife thoroughly appreciated both his politeness and his excuses, and as he has faith fully promised to excite his mind no more by attending temperance lectures, that household is at peace. Toe position of a 1)03 driver, elevated though it may be, is not generally conducive to either jocularity or politeness. An instance of both, however, was given yesterday by a driver at the intersection of Bonrke and Swanston streets. The hat of an unfortunate and unwary creature waiting at tbe corner was suddenly blown off, and fell at the feet of the horses of au approaching bns. The driver immediately reined in his horses, and the hat remained uninjured. Here comes in the politeness. The owner, however, hesitated before pickiag up his property, whereupon the Chesterfield on the box cried oat, with just a alight tinge of impatience in his voice, "Come on, sir. Yon don't expect me to dance a saraband round the confounded thing." Here came in the jocu larity, and if that driver will call at the Sportsman office any day between twelve and two p.m., he will find an appreciative quart ready for him. 