IRoveUet. 'INTRIGUE.' By Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. CHAPTER III.— (Contincbd.) ' And now, dear, I trust your trdubles£are \- at an'end, and you will find happineBS in our quiet English home,' said Lilias, softly stroking the golden head on her lap, heedless . of the h'avoo her fingers made amongst the . tiny ourls. ' An opera singer 1 ' ejaonlated . ' Mrs. Cunninghame;' holding up her hands. 'Thank Heaven, my: dear ohild, tor having , saved you, a Bering, from such .a horrible . .-. fate.'.'. ,.. ... \- Miuio n eyuuuH ma uer conienipc .* for.that lady's old-fashioned prejudices, then all at once, springing lightly, to her feet, she said, I will siDg to you.' Without awaiting a reply, she tripped across the room, seated herself at the piano, and commenced, with .????? out any prelude, that most beautiful air from Gliiok's most beautiful opera of 'Oifiiche Faro.' The grand, thrilling voice flooded the whole room with sweet harmony, and; when its last eoho Had died away, tears . were . . streaming silently down Iiilias' fair cheeks^ and Mrs. Ounninghame sat looking with amazement at the fragile;: diminutive form, . from which suoh a volume ot . sound issued. . Gidia in truth possessed a most rare voice,' — a voice that had oreated a sensation, and: had aBtoniahed more experienced and unpre judiced ears than those of her present ? audience. It would seem that her soul— suoh a soul as Iiilias possessed— had passed entirely : intoher voice, enabling her to interpret grand! ideas, Sf which she was in reality quite in. capable of understanding the meaning. That night Lilias Dering offered up a fervent ....,.? thanksgiving for the advent of the girl sho she believed had been sent by a kind and ...... meroiful Providence to fill the aohing void in her heart, and prayed long and earnestly she might be guided aright, spr^tat her beautiful niece might never feel the los's ot a mother's ? . care. If she could have foreseen how her future .1 ? ' was to be influenced by this girl, with the fair l - face and glorious voice, the thanksgiving I - would have been turned into atfprayer for | . : mercy. | When Gidia, after affectionately Ibidding good-night tocher aunt and Mrs. Cnnning, ~ .-.. hame, had taken possession of the pretty bed ? room allotted to her, earefully looked the door, and inspected closely with a oritioal : . . eye detail of tne pleasant sitting- room leading r - . .frpm it, Her face lost entirely its open, inno \- ;:«ent expression, and assumed that of an ex 1 . :Perienoed woman of the world who feelB she has succeeded in making a good bargain; . I ' It is even better than Iexpeotedl' she ] exclaimed, as she : turned over the oostly i. , ornaments on-hsr dressing-table. ?' What a fool I should have been to have stayed and Slaved* my life. away with Silvio, though how , the poor fellow will rave at losing mo 1 And all this by right of birth is mine ' — with an indignant stamp- of her small foot. 'My ivfather was the only son, the heir, and ' this , pale-faced.prudish thing, who is so wonder fully patronising, is only a usurper, and she knows, it I' she said vioiously. 'Still I might, be worse off ' — she : stood, jn front of ^ the long , mirror, olasping her hands behind her — 'and with that face and figure' — pointing to her reflection — 'and these brains' \- —tapping her little head with her forefinger ' who knows what chances I may have of , ; .outstripping her in the race of life. What ????????, fools - these English are I ' Bhe went ' on reflec w lively. ' How easily deoeived, ,in spite of .. ,. their oold mantle of pride I I could not have i . takeriinSilvio like this, not if I had tried for . ever amd ever. Poor Silvio 1' .. . These were her last words, as sho nestled face amongst the lace and linen of her downy pillows, and sank into a sleep, | .peaceful and dreamless as that of a child. I , CHAPTEB IV. \- ' If I should meet thee, After long years, -r How shall I greet thoe T ' I. Gidia Dering had been an inmate of the -PTjw more than a year, and quite fallen .'into Her plaoe aa one of tho family. She had Sained a firm hold on Mrs. Ounninghame's eart, her resemblance to Lilias having made a favorable impression in. the first instance, and a judioious oourse of flattery and atten . tion accomplishing the rest. Still she. had ? Hot sucoeeded as well as she had hoped in the \- ' eabjngajipn of her aunt, who; though fondly ? . .jg . ;-^«tfafihed_tO'the. bright young creature, failed. V'S' .to, find -in her aooioty the comfort and hap pineas she at first hoped.for. Aunt »nd neioe i.vV:/; lived on termB of affeotion, but Lilias realised r ? ; / - ,;v painfully . she had approaohed no nearer to . r . . / the girl's inner self than the first evening they , ./ .. - ..IMt.- Try as. she might, she could discover; ' ; no bond of sympathy, nothing of mutual iq ? .terest, to draw their hearts closer together, ... :Sndahe strove mainly to lead the young mind / ' to higher inspirations than the mere olothing , of her pretty person; the only thing which. . appeared of vital importance to Gidia. The . '(.'gin would -listen attentively, her blue eyes very wide open, and when her aunt had : ceased, fling her arms caressingly around her neck and kissing her demonstratively, ex -? . : olaim— Ybn olever darling I how oan a poor '^.ignorant ' little . goose like your : Gidia ever . . , understand such things f Inwardly thinking ut' What a- tiresome bore these perpetnu ' toturei are.' ? : ~ a LUiMv would return the- embraoe with a sigh, -saying to herself, ' Perhaps I expect too ? . . .muoh, and -do not make auffloient allowanoe ^ for out .different training, : . She is bat a obJld, , liko, Undine before ahe. found her soul, only »T*jy j God grant the fault, if any, does not unkriow pri - ingly nit with me, or that I have oome short in my doty to the ohild ot my adoption.' , .. Miss Dering had quite failed to interest ? ' v Gidia in her' pet sohemes, or to induoe the 8irl to aooomjiany her on her round of -visits ? -- ? amongst] ithyr poorer neighbors, and she \- ailtotly wondered how one so gentle and 'yielding as her neioe appeared generally,7 oould ? -s ????:. .-m. i/ -on some points be- so' difficult to move.- In . truth, Gidia was beeoming dreadfully weary .-?; '-of the life she was leading, the life whioh.'at first, with its unacoustomed luxuries and un limited] supply of Dirt-money, bad appeared t alkcoltfur (fa ro«e lothe little.Bohemian,and \- »he felt Bometimes^tempted to throw it op and return to that whioh she had ' before despised! ;? 'If I had stayed with Silvib I might have become a great diva like Patti or Neilson, re ceiving homage even ;? from orownad heads,' she wonld think regretfully. ' But how hard the work was, the waiting now wearisome, the poverty how horrible I ' as she looked at the pretty goms and costly niok-nacks her aunt's generosity had enabled her to indulge in. ~ ' Poor Silvio I I wonder if he was vir y angry, and, whether he migaed me very maoh. I suppose he is still- struggling for the fame he is so confident of winning— some day I ' What wae the good of her 'pretty bright costumes (whioh cost her as muoh thought as an inventor' would expend : on some in tricate piece^of meohanism) when everyone at Culverden was either too old or too blind to ajppreoiate them, 'she thought impatiently. ' Even Mr. Marsden's. onrate (for : the old man was too feeble to do duty now, having bad a paralytio ' Btroke) was a married man with ten children. Decidedly this consummate little aotress was getting tired of her insignifloant role, and would probably have been tempted to seek a wider field for the exeroise of her talents,' but for an event whioh filled her soheming brain with renewed energy, and caused her to form a plan calculated, if successful, to raiBe her from 'the dead level of existence,- whioh had become so wearisome and intolerable. Cer tainly, she ' was obh'ged to oonfess, the plan she had formed had very 'little chance of suoceBS, but, even provided she failed to gain her end, : she would still have had some pleasure in tho delightful sense of plotting and soheming, in which her wicked little heart rejoiced. 1 Winter had passed, and spnng was just emerging into snmmer, and Gidia was seated in her aunt's morn ing roonl(a small ootagonal chamber, with long windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how j she should manage to get through another long, unevent ful day. Her hands were idly olasped above the golden head, whose myriads of frizzyJittle ourls completely oovered her low clytio-like forehead, forming a deoided contrast to Miss Dering's smooth braids. The different char acter of aunt and nieoe was even discernible in their toilet. Lilias' dress was of plain black cashmere, whioh ;fell in large flowing folds to the ground, and was relieved by snow white : bands at throat and wrists. On her handsome htead was arranged gracefully a square of filmy white lace, and her sole ornaments were the looket and ring, whioh had been . Balph Disney's parting gift. Gidia's dainty little figure was clothed in an indescribable arrangement of pink, scaroely subdued by multitudinous lace ; flounceB, amongst whioh flashed bright bows and loops of rose-colored. ribbon, like butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Her pretty dimpled hand, on which sparkled many , jewels, was con stantly : raised to the rosy mouth in a vain endeavor to hide the irrepressible fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was serving .indus triously, was about to suggest something for: the employment of her niece's idle little: fingers,. ; when the door opened, and . Mrs. : Ounninghame entered hurriedly :'' My dear — addressing Mias Dering — ' a mounted, mes senger from the Beotory with a letter for you, whioh I have brought myself 't handing ;ii, to her — 'fearing there might be bad news of: Mr. Marsden.' .- Lilias took it from iMrs.' Ounninghame's hand, and opening it, quickly found a few lines from Mir. Marsden, and enolosed was Balph Disney's long looksd-for letter. At the sight of her lover's well-known hand- writing, a. vivid flush spread over the' fair face, Causing' Gidia to open her blue eyes! wonderingly. Her wonderment increased,' for when her aunt had read the Sector's letter,: telling thei' 'joyful tidings ot : Balph's home toming, her faoe, usually so pale - and oalm,: became strangely agitated, and Lilias 'sud denly covered: her tell-tale eyes with both; hands as if to shut out a tob radiant flash of sunshine. Then becoming oonsoious that two pairs of enquiring : eyes :were fixed upon her, she rose to her feet — ; I ' There is nothing, amiss,' and Gidia.'s quick ear oaught the new happy ring in her aunt's voiee. ' Mr. Marsden is : well, and writes in exoellent spirits,' and 'anxious, to be alone she moved towards the door; Thehandle.was in her hand, when ahe appeared to remember some further explanation was probably , ex peoted, and turning tpMrs.;Cannihghame, she said in a low, quiok .voice,;' . He tells me Balph is on his way to .Oulverden,' and without another word left the room. All this was a mystery to. Gidia, who, was qniteion the jut vive, and dying to know the cause of her aunt's unusual agitation. Mrs. Ounninghame.sank into the chair Lilias had just vacated, her. kind, old faoe beaming with.pleasure. i: ' Balph Disney . obming . at last 1 ; Thank Godl' she said rapturously. 'My darling Lilias will no^be'repiud for her.' long; lonely years ot waiting,'!, and tears of . thankfulness streamed down the wiUiered old cheeks. ; : : ' But tell'me,' said Gidia, coming over and kneeling ' beside Mrs. ' Ounninghame's ' ohair, ' who is this Balph;; and what does it all mean?' ' ' Is it possible, after : having lived with us alt these months,' yon have never, heard of Ralph Disney?' in tones of amazement ; ' but then, .dear Lilias is so leseered it ia hardly to be wondered at, after all. Sir Balph Disney has not been to Oulverden for ten yearsi and I have every reftson to believe he now comes to renew an engagement with : your.: aunt, i whioh ended abruptly by the wish of the old squire.' ' ' Oh, how romantio^''- cried Gidia. bravely stifling another yawn, for a romance ol whioh [ she herself was not the.herome failed to in interest her. 'Pray tell ? me all ^ about it, like a dear,' and she settled herself on a low stool;, to listen,-- or J t?; sleep. t nMrsi Oonning hame was only too: ready : to pour. out. all. she had to tell. so prooeeded to : impart to the fair-haired : girl at het) feet Jber aant'a Jove story/ Gidia: listened: at first listlessly,- then suddenly as an idea appeared , to strike her; she-gave her undivided attention to the gar rulous old lady. j ' When Mrs. : Ounninghame,-: quite ont of breath, stopped ? speaking, Gidia aaked slowly — ' Then tney are not really engaged ? you are not certain Sir Balph is coming to marry auntie? 'Perhaps he only just wants to sec his unole.' ' | : ' Well, my dear, - no, of course I am not quite certain, but after being : sq- devoted* to Lilias' there can ' be little: doubt of his inten tions.' - ' ' i 'Then why did he not come direetly grand papa died ?'asked Givia.r' I ? 'I have often wondered myeelf,'^oonfea-ed Mrs. Ounninghame. '! I dare say he thought it best to WMt till her time'of mourning had 'expired.' '? ? - ? ] ' And he is so noble, bo rioh,' said the girl, enquiringly. - 'Sir Balph Disney's 'wealth is simplj fabulous,' replied the old lady ; ' ' but what is of far greater, importanoe considering . how rioh your aunt is also; his family is the most anoient in England. His mother. the only daughter ot the Duke of Twyford, was the greatest heiress, as well aa the moat lovely woman of her day. I must say- 1 thought Mr. Dering aeted' in ? highly in judioious manner ' when he so peremptorily dismissed poor ' Balph, for .it waa: a marriage 'in every way i most suitable: It saema but yMerda* it all - happened,', she* went on, muainglyi; ' only- Lilias haa altered greatly*. - 8he was' sfa sweet and fairy-like in those days, though I -must aay,my dear,if you'didnot dress you^ 'hair in that outlandish faahion. or wear youi books so very; 'full and over-trimmed,- yo6 would be her very picture.' ;J. . - ' Thanks for the Compliment, you flattering M 5'? W- ^ dear,'! laughed Gidia, gaily. Then went on— I ! I .remember .in the portrait , you showed me i of, auntie, .taken ten years ago, she wears a ! plain white gown, without a single ribbon or i flounoe.' I, too, intend having some simple i 'white dresses made for ine,' she . added with '?- studied carelessness ; ' they : will be .so cool i and comfortabre now tho warm weather is i ooming on. I amlgoingjtotsee if I can find i auntie some Neapolitan violets; so' good- bye, I you darling, you,' and after;dropping a bird- | like kiss on the old lady's : withered 'cheek, ! Gidia tripped away into the garden. 1 ' There she strolled under the old apple trees 1 in the orchard, where the grass was white, ' with their fallen blossoms, her brain' busily.at ' .work, her mind full of. the soheme whioh the i events ot the morning had conjured up. ' Have I a ghost of a ohance ?.' she Baid to ] herself, !' and even if I'were to suooeed, dare ' I carry it through to the end ? Oh, it would be glorious to defeat .that canting, oold \- blooded aunt of mine, who has ' stolen' my ;birthright 1 But if Silvio were to discover who I really am, and follow me, what would happen then 1 'But there 1 it is not likely he ! ever will, poor fellow, so I shall take every advantage of what fate'throws.in' my way. . Really it would be tempting Providence if I i did otherwise.' And she- gave a Bhallow, little laugh. ' Lilias was agreeably astonished the. next : few days at the change whioh appeared to have come over her young niece— Gidia was ao dooile, so anxious to please, and' altogether bo much' more in earnest than she had ever been before, that her aunt thought the girl's soul had at last cominsnoed its awakening, and she thanked God for the many blessings He was showering on her. For the first time, too, Gidia volunteered ??to accompany Miss Dering on. her oharitable errands;, and de lighted the simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. Even her. personal ap pearance underwent a change,, and one morn ing when she appeared at the breakfast table even Mrs. Ounninghame, who was very, short sighted, was startled into an exolamation of surprise. - The ourling tohgs had evidently been disoarded that morning, for the masseB of tiny ourls had , all disappeared, with the exception ot a few rebellious rings on the fore head, and the golden hair was smoothed and twisted 'simply round: the back ot her head. The be-frilled pink costume was also banished; and its plaoe taken by a plain white oachi mere, whioh showed the curves of her budding form to perfection. Gidia blushed'and dimpled as Miss Dering, kisBing her tenderly, said a few kind words of approval. ' I thought it would please you Auntie darling,' she said prettily, 'I meant to do it long ago, only I am . such a little coward you know, and so dreadfully afraid of looking a fright.' V I do not think you need have the least fear of that, dear,' and Lilias. smiled- as she looked at her niece's pretty face, before turn ing, to the table to take u p her letters. There ward not many, and Gidia furtively kept an eve on one which had not baen evidently through the post, and in which she, recognised the shaky handwriting of Mr. Marsden. Miss Dering read it through twice, then raising her head looked towards Mrs. Ounninghame and said oalmly : , ' Sir Balph has telegraphed to Mr. Marsden that he will reaoh Oulverden! to-night. The dear old man iB evidently very excited, and I ,am. afraid that it is. not good for him, in his . feeble state ol health.' ' To-night I Then we shall without doubt see' him at the Priory early to-morrow,' said the old lady, with, a world ot meaning in; her voice; which caused a momentary shade of displeasure to paBS over Miss Dering's . calm features. ' Scarcely so soon. I fancy, ' she anBwered quietly, ignoring Mrs. Ounninghame's in uendo, then 'turning to Gidia— 'Sir Balph Disney is a very old-friend of ours, a nephew of dear Mr.: Marsden;- so I hope you will- like him very muoh. He will, I know, be charmed to find we have caught and caged suoh a sweet song-bird, for Balph was always pas sionately fond of.'musicj and I am in hopes, . too, his visit will help to make this place a little more oheerful for you, dear ohild, as I fear the Priory must sometimes seem a little dull, to a bright young girl,' she added kindly. ' . ... ' Auntie.'— and Gidia put oh her prettiest air of ohildlike remonstrance/ ' How.naughty of you to imagine I ever find the dear old Priory dull, ; the place I found happiness, the place: whioh holds aU my dear ones, all I have to lovo or love me ' — and she heaved a plaintive little sigh. ' . 4 That night, before Lilias retired to rest, oame another, letter from the' Baotory, , this * time directed' in a bold, firm' handwriting, which Gidia,(who intercepted the messenger) had 'never seen; before. How she longed to peep over Miss Dering's shoulder,' and read what was written on that very small sheet of paper I ' He oannot' have said muoh, at any rate,' Bhe said to herself, oonsolingly. This was, strange to say, , the first letter Lilias had. ever.reoeived from /Balph Disney, and was, as. Gidia' correotly surmised, a very short one. . . 'May I come. to you to-morrow early in the afternoon, 'it ran, .with no formal com mencement. 'Do hot ask me to stay longer away— I have waited so many years.' : Then followed' simply his signature, and the mes senger, ^who -in obedience to ' his master's orders, had waited, took back Miss Dering's answer. : It was— ' Oome, you will find a welobme.' ... . This brief note was not 'the letter 'whioh Balph had at; first intended tending, for, on finding himseif onoe more in the fondly re -membered-'Sehtish village, he had written a wild, unreasoning letter, a passionate out pouring of the feelings whioh old associations had arousedi'but which, in'his oooler moments, he deoidid'iiot to despatch. 'I 'will wait and see how she greets me,' he thought,. '/? V The .meeting :betwoen-. the: old reotor and . his errant -' nephew ' had been a very touching one, and . though Mr. Mars den did. not aotuall^ speak as if' an engagement existed between; ;the . long-separ- ated lovers, it was easy to divine how his thoughts ran . constantly upon it,- and his talk was inoessantly of ' his dear ohild, his sweet Lily.' He' was perhaps a little disap polnted at finding Balph so different from tne impulaive, hoi- headed youth ottenTyeara ago. How, bronzed he was, now. portly I and if his old eyea did not deceive him, surely there was a . plentiful sprinkling ot grey amongst, the brpwncurla.Italphlaughedhtiartily athis uncle's inspection. ' You see l am getting quite 'ancient, nor far off forty,' the. age when a fellow begina to go down hill with a run. Bemember .what' a . .life, I have leil the past ten. years, not one oaloulated.to make me wear wuL' I ' Ahr but you will settle .down now, iny boy,' said the old man in tones of oonviotion, at whioh Balph smiled, but said nothing. ,7 : When Balph' awoke the iext. morning, and found himself on'oe'more in his old lavender soented room at tho Beotory, he felt inolined to fanoy these years of wandering had been but a strangely, vivid dream. The young summer, day was bright and warm, and when Balph threw open the window, the clustering oreamy rosesnodded asweetperfumyiweloome. It all seemed so familiar, so unaltered, and the old tenderness took'possession of.him, as :. if it had never wavered ainoe the day he and i. sweet Lilian Dering had plighted their troth; -How. impatiently, he 1 longed- to . hoar the . sound'of her .voice, ho w elowly the morning ' passed. ' Over: and: over again did Balph pio . tnreito. himself their maeting,, what she would jiay,' how she would look, and when at last ho I started on his. way to the 'Priory, he was living almost in the past, in a world of shadgwsy He was onoe mora: young Ralph; Disney, the impetuous lover of the child-like, tender-eyed girl, and tho oloud which had, arisen between them was forgotten.' 'All naturd Bven seemed to have conspired to keep up the deception; and remind him of that summer, ten years-ago, as he went along the sunny bliffs, passed the white flag-staff round whioh the mild-laoed Bheep were nibbling at the golden- hearted daisies, and turned into the' familiar beeoh avenue. The glamor of -old days when love dawned was upon , him, the long weary years whioh had come between wero no more remembered, and he looked to wards the shrubbery as -if' expecting to see there the glimmer of his love's white robes. His heart beat tumultously, as he ap proaohed the Priory; for there, near the open windows, Bat the. form he had pictured so often that morning. This sweet young girl, with the shining hair a^d downcast eyes, the pure white dress,, the rose at her throat, was his lily, his love. It was the face he had kissed so often, so fondly,— the face that had visited him -in . dreams,— the ' face that, had come be fore him in the silent night watohes thousands of miles r.way. A little reflection would Have saved him and others from muoh misery, but, alas I he never stopped to realise the mistake, and in another moment had olasped her to. his heart, and was raining kisses on the golden head pressed so madly to his breast. 'Lily,' he whispered, ' look up, my love, my own one.' Tor the space of a moment Gidia allowed her; wioked little head to reBt where Balph had placed it, juBt for a moment only, to hide the gleam of triumph shining in her eyes, then, with desperate struggles, she freed herself from his embrace, and push ing him from her, cried indignantly — ' Oh, how could you ? how dare you take Buch a shocking liberty' — her bosom heaved and panted — 'You are; just like them aU— you treat me like a ohild, a mere , baby, without sense or- feeling.' Here she broke into sobs, covered her face with her pretty hands to watoh vrhat impression she had made. Poor Balph raised his hands to, his eyes like one blinded or suddenly dazed ; then he looked at the little woman before him in utter bewilder ment, and unconsciously repeated almost the first words, Lilias had said to her neioe —'But who. are you?' Wild thoughts of fairys and trolls, recollections of old German legends, were coursing through his brain, when the girl with well stimulated sur prise answered — ' Who am I? Why, Lilias Dering, of course — who else could I be ? ' 'Lilias Deringj' repeated Balph, Wonder ingly ; ' not Squire Dering's Lilias, toy — '.' ' Oh, no ' — and Gidia interrupted him with a merry,, ringing laugh like a peal of silver bells—1 ' riot that horrid old man's daughter — nothing nearer than his granddaughter, I am happy to say. . Just fanoy anyone mis taking me for poor dear old aunt Lilias— it is quite too funny for anything ; but I think I can guess who you are now '—she held out both her hands . confidently—' Sir Balph Disney, you must be, and, oh I I am so thank ful you are not old and ugly like everyone else auntie knows.' . ' Why; child,' said Balph laughing, and experiencing a sense of pleasure at the subtle flattery, in spite of his secret annoyance at his mistake as the truth dawned upon him, ' did. you expect to find me a Methensalah ? ' ' Well, very nearly,' she confessed, with a pretty air of candor, and a Swift upward glanoe from under Her long lashes, ' for they told me . you were, my aunt's— but there, it would never do to tell you what they said, as I know now it was.not true, because you are not old — not the least bit,' she added en couragingly. ; . Balph had managed to recover his self possession, but how different an aspect affairs wore now, to what they had done; only an hour before. He had suddenly awakened from his love- dream (at least as far as Lilias was: concerned), arid the sweet visions of the morning had all melted away before the fairy like touoh of this dainty little beauty. He could not for the life of him pioture his old love otherwise than a rather prim,' middle aged lady,, perHaps with speotaoles. Try as he would, the bright young face ol her neioe oame between him and the image he had so vividly remembered only' that very morning. However, pulling himself together with an effort, he' uttered some very lame excuses for his apparent rudeness (which Gidia, blush ingly, shyly, accepted), and then rather stiffly suggested their joining Miss Dering. (To be Continued.) 