GEOFFRY STIRLING BY MM. Leth Adams. PART IL—CHAPTER VIIL IContimted.) Mot even David, the confidential Secretary, had ever seen that coffer open. As to the domestic household at Dale Kud, those who knew of it spoke of it as containing " untold treasure, though of what nature no man ventured to surmise.' When Mrs. Geoffrey's increased ill-health rendered it necessary that Nurse Prettyman should be at hand night and day to attend npon her, the squire had given up the room in the upper corridor, next his wife's, and settled down in this anchorite fashion, and the management of his vast wealth— for, though In the early days of his prosperity j>eople had exaggerated Geoffrey StirlmgB riches, multiplying his possessions so as to make a welcome wonder of them, it would Lave been hard to have rated them too like a river that has overflowed its banks, the Dale find estate had passed its old limits by inany a broad acre, and bad Sir Boland risen from his grave to visit his old home, its present boundaries would have made him open hia ghostly eyes. Truly Kalph was heir to a rich and rare inheritance, while to this bright prospect his father had added the dower of rieh and rare culture of mind; of marvellous experience of life and travel for one so young: of golden opportunities such as feU to the lot of few in those days. "Shdw me his equal—show me another lik£ him," Davey had heard his master say, talking to himself, as his manner was, and defying the world to match that boy of his, witna certain outward fling of the hand, that was with him an habitual gesture, lacking neither piquancy nor graoe. Taking a leaf ont of his own book, one might have said— M Where shall the world show a man equally fortunate with Geoffrey Stirling ? How many parents sow in tears, to reap no Bheaf of joy! How many fling 1 .-earls before swine—opportunities before those who pass them by with.idle indifference ! But with this man all prospereth— land to land, riches to riches, he adds, as the years revolve—and the child ot his love is the child of his joy and his pride!" Yet, could some stealthy watcher have peered through the casement of the Dale 15nd library,'would that watcher have felt that Geoffrey Stirling lived and looked like a spirit at peace with itself, with God, and the Korld ? Or are such things the signs of a troubled mind, that, fain would find some, cup of Mandragora for trembling craving lira to drain to the dregs, and then—an, blissful fancy r—fall into tjhe deep sweet sleep of for* getfuiuess? . A life in which there is some milestone upon which the traveller dare not glance back, but must, in self-defence, keep the eyefl of his mind ever looking straight ahead, is a'thing terrible indeed. To look back is to be unnerved. It is possible, or seems possible, that the consciousness of crime may mge to greatness; but only by striving to make the future an expiation. for the past. To look back and dwell upon wrong done, is to fell flacid and hdpless into a slough.of despair. There lay something in Geoffrey Stirling's past life upon which he did not care to look Lack; some dead thing over whose white face he bad drawn the shroud of resolve, and yet Vhose muffled form haunted his waking thoughts and nightly dreams. Was it the memory of hopes that had never known reality—of a love that had "hoped all things, believed all things," and found both hope and trust but che phantoms of a fond imagination, that had BO clouded his life? Was it the spirit of regret and the intuitive knowledge of things that "might have been" and .were not, thathad made him the restless, inconsistent, winning, variable man he was? How often did Cuthbert Deane and his wife Alicia ask themselves and each other these questions? flow often did faithful loving Davey marvel within himself what was the harden that weighed npon his masters heart? r Bat.theman lived on, living his life alone; stood, by his dead wife; kissed her waxen fingers ere the coffin-lid hid their delicate beauty, for ever; followed her to the grave; returned to his lonely home, was gentle, cratefnl—tcmchingly so indeed—to Alicia and herhnsbandiar all their sympathy. "And yet^throughit all," as Alicia said, not without some passion, " one never felt to get really near him once, Cuthbert!" Cuthbert kissed away the tears that started to his darling's eyes; but then- -he turned aside with a sigh. Priest of God as he was, dowered with no small power of winning troubled souls to " open their grief," and find comfort in.wise connsel and a helping hand,, here was a troubled soul set -far from touch and-healini Dale En Lucy died. [.seemed strangely silent after She -had been one who liked a fuss, who aimBd. at .being-made much of, BO that even her - petted «"irnnntn and the Mends who came to hear about them "kept the place alive," as the black-suited servants said.. Then .the story of the ghost had become public property, and added to the general sense of discomfort. A strayed white pony, that had wandered into the Jong avenue of yews one Sunday night, dragging a shoe, sent an under-gardener fiyiQg into the kitchen with the news that there .was a white dragon with a chain about its neck, "coming up that way;" whereupon arose sobs and cries of terrified females. No one cared to go near the lake after night-fall; and when .one morning Jeremy Bindwhigtle vowed he had overnight seen the ghost in the wagoner's frock for the third time (followed too by a hooded woman moaning and wringing her hands—an added liorror), several of the aervants thought they would give warning at " the month's end." But Squire Stirling was a generous openhanded master—in spite of the mysterious foraas-bound coffer; and, after all, there was something exciting in living in a haunted house—something that made you " thought on," as Jeremy put it, when you pud a visit to the town. Besides, it was a gruesome pleasure to feel that when you went out to walk of au evening you " never knew what you might meet;" hence, in the long run no one gave notice, and now that the original ghost was supplemented by a " hooded woman" the matter became doubly interesting, " Where wast thou, Jeremy, when thou see'd em'?" said Amos Callender, the more interested in the thing since he had been away " down south," when it was first mooted. "Houldiu 9 on to a tree," said Jeremy; "t' . ground fur moved wi' me, £ wur tbiat feert." "Arfer sure there were two on 'em this time ? I'm domed if there won't be a purcession of 'em if thev go on multiplyin' and replenishin' theirsels a' this gate I" " I seed t' felly i' f waggoner's frock, and I seed t' woman alter him. She were summat like nine feet high. She rose out of f ground, and kep' on risin'.andlseedhertwohonds jressed upon her Dress, but I couldna' see {ler face for t' hood as wur over it. They passed along, and I passed along—t'other way." Amos shook his head. He was, as he said to Bess subsequently " mithered above a bit" with the . whole affair, and (privately) regarded his boon companions of The Safe Retreat as a " soft lot, not exoepting little Jake, whose head was clearly turned with over-much psalm-singing. The batler at Dale End—a man of superiority and above all such petty superstitious as ghosts, warnings, and coffin-shaped cinders flying into maids' laps as they sat round the fire—took all the chatter and wonderment among his fellows in the spirit of true philosophy. "JuBt you wait,'' said he, "till Master Ralph comes home. There'll be brightness enough about the place that day, never fear, and the ghosts will all go packing back to— wherever they came from." At this hazy allusion cook shuddered, but smiled the next moment as resolved to bake a monster cake of unparalleled richnesB for the heir's home-coming. Nurse Prettyman. with the reticence of an old retainer, took but small part in these discussions, which were, indeed, generally carred on behind her ample back. Though for so many years a martyr to Mrs. Geoffrey's whims and fads, she Borrowed sincerely for her mistress, and wondered how they should tell Master Ralph that she who haa been his "pretty mamma" was gone for ever from the place that now should know her no more. For it was one of the squire's whims that no one should write to Ralph to tell him of his mother's death. "•I won't have the lad travelling home with a heavy heart in hid breast by day," said he, " and sad thoughts haunting his pillow night by night. Time enough to tell him when he gets here and has me by his side to comfort liiir. I tell you I understand the bov. I kuow him off by heart You'll see "how tender and how wise III be with him. Y ju'il —you'll see. Ai a ihe Vicar, to whom this speech was addressed, at once gave up the idea of sending a letter to Ralph's tutor to catch the travellers before they should embark upon their homeward voyage. " Best let him have his way," he said to bis wife, Alicia; " and maybe, after all his way is best." . Three weeks later, when Cuthbert Deane went to the Dale, he found its master eagerly and excitedly superintending certain Christmas decorations of the entrance-hall and library. (To be continued.) 