AWITN^SS FOR^Sp^iDEFENCE. | in three chapters.—^(Conclusion.) To say that there was a ' sensation •would feebly describe" what followed. Every; one in court sprang to his feet. The prisoner looked us if he bad seen a ghost. i There was a perfect- liubbub of ; voices,5 as . bar and jury talked among j themselves,, and my brethren at the | solicitor's table pouted Questions upon mer—to: none of .which I replied. Silence being restored, the voice of the judge—rgrave and dignified, but with a perceptible tpemor-—descended like vocal oilon a troubled wave of sound. ' Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher ?' ' Mr. Behtley,~myLlord f - The judge looked, more-astonished than. ever. "? My name £■. was familiar enough. to3iiln asa judge, and he had known it ©yen better when, as a lead ing barrister, he had held many a brief from me. : ~ ' I am. persuaded^ said he, 'u-that a gentleman^af Mr» Bentley's rtepute and experience lias good reason for what he do^s. But so extraordinary and un heard of—I will ask Mr. 3Bently him sel£cj?i ]ie really considers that duty requires ; Mm to offer .himself as, a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion V, ' My lord, I replied,'*1 am certain that, believing what I have had reason to; bfelier£ within sfche last five- minutes,' I should be greatly to ^blameif I did njatf ;1on: j^tSi to m$aiji which are within my,own Jmowledge. But if the prisoner choses to call me as his witness^ -your lordship will pre sently ; understand why it is that; iwiih all submission,'I cannot at this moment or until I aui in the box give : my reasons.- And I must: add that - the value of my evidence to the prisoner . will greatly depend on his" answers to certain questions -which- wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe! my evidence "will put attend to the case against him.' *31eaUy, gentlemen of the jury,' said his lordship. ? this matter'is assuming a more and remarkable asjiect. I hardly know what t<r say." "That5 a prisoner on trial for his life should answer que^oriis put to him in private by the prosecuting sohcitor is the mosfc extraordinary^rpposaJ ,-I am bound to say, which ever came under my notice. It is 4he-more difficult for me to decide because the prisoner has not the ad vantage of- counsel's assistance.: Pri soneiyis ityouirwish that this gentleman should be called as a witness joii your behalf? You have heavd what he Jias said about certain questions- which he wishes to put to you teforeliand, .Of course you are not bound to answer aiiy such questions, and may nevertheless call7him. What dt> you say V ~~ am in God's hands, my- lord,' an swered the prisoner, who, was quite ca&n; again. / It -may be that He has raised up ja ^deliverer for me—I cannot tellr But: I lfnow that if He wills that I should ilie, ;no mah^ can save iue; if He wills to save me, nought can do ine harm. So I am ready to answer any questions t3ie gentleman .wishes.' ' I propose,'"said tli«T judge/ before deciding this extraordmai-y puiilt;- -to consult the learned Recorder in -the next court? - • • - All rose : as the judges retired ; and during Ms abseiice I escaped theques-. tions fwhich assailed me feom every side "&c; cousultatioa I with t iijy coiis^Byij;'lie JL^ard ■wliaf;"' ttie ;i^a^(e'v; i*e> ^ully ^upheld: meiin-^rtatii.proposed to do f and'tlien threw Mmseff back in bis seat with the*' air'W 'ay'aii^Honi' nothing could ever ., j ■U-'dj.-sviet*sao*»!ri'•*' ■'■■•-■'V ;->,i • astonish again. • i. , ' Si-lence !■'/ vcried -tlie usher. Tlie judge was Returning. 1 : •? 11 liave decidec^', said the questions to be piit as Mr. Beiiiley proposes.^Leti ^them: ^be ^written- ioiit andfeiib^ittM^to'iiie:for' ftyiMrd^a!/ * ■3W*>*&&-'■ ••llw * wir-iT 4a I sat down and Wrote-inv que^qn^ f and the^ were passed up to thejudge, As he read tbein, he looked morfe sur prised than ever. But -all' he said,'&s; he -handed them down/ was;; * Put the questions.' 1 \--I'Walked up! to the dock and gave thein into the prisoner's hands, together with my |ieiieiL - He read them'care fully through, and wrote his; answers slbwlyand with consideration. With the paper in thy hand, I got into the witness-box and was'sworn: * My evidence was to the effect al ready stated. - As I described the man I had seemmder the lamp with my face averted from the prisoner and turned' to the jiffy, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for, the change wrought by. twelve V£$r£j they found [ that |the descrip tion tallifed closely with me man's "ap pearance/ - - T f 'I produce thj^^paper,. on-which I just, , to which the' prisoner wrote the answers under mj^yes.^ J^^e^tlijequ^tions ati&^aiiswers r'J 11 v'~ ^ **' * •" , Queslipii. Were you smoking when | you .came , up io the. comer; of Hauraki Streets—Answer. No. Question., Did^ you afterwards smoke?—Mmswer^f | I haS no Jiglits. Question.'" Did you"'try ' to get a lighttYes, by!climbing,^a . lamp %t'^e %arrier; butTE was not steady enough, and, Lremember I broke my hat against the cross-ban . •. . • »**'• \- Question,. - Where do ' you carry your pipe and fobacco^-jijiswer. In my hat. ■' . f Those answers,' I conclndied are ab- I solutely correct iu every particular. ; The man' whom f saw under the lamp, i at eiglit' o'clock on the night jpf the; I murder, Jbeliaved.,as tlie.answrei's-indi- | cate. That coueludes the; evidence I have.-felt abound to tended-.' Arid I I handed'th^'slip of paper to' the usher7 for inspection by the jury. •' ; 'Prisoner,' inquired the judge, 'do you call any other witness#' ' I do not, my lord.' "Then, gentlemen, said the judge, turning to the jury, ' the one remark that I shall make to you is this—that if you believe ithe. story j of'the .priso ner's witness, there can be little doubt: but that the prisoner' was the man whom the witness saw at the corner of Hauraki-street at eight o'clock on the njglit in question ;.and. if that was «o, it is clear, on the/case, for prosecution, that he cannot have committed- this murder. I should not be doing my duty if [ did riot point oat to you that the witness is .likely, to . say therieast, to. /be without bias in the prisoner's favor, and that his evidence is: veiy strongly corroborated Indeed "by the prjsoiier's abswers to. the written ques tions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict.' ' We are agreed, my lord,' said the foreman. 'Geutlemen of the jury,' sung out the. clerk of arraigns, 'are you all agreed upon your verdict V • We are.3 f And tliafc yeixlict is ' Not guilty. ' And that is the verdict of you all V 'It is.' " ' . There followed a burst of cheering which the usher douid not silencc, but wliicli silesnceditself as the judge was seen to be speaking, ' John Harden— I am thaiikfuli every, man inthis,court is* thankful, that your trusfcin the mercy a^d power of the All-merciful and "All-powerful has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime by tue unhesitating verdict of the jnry, and liiost wonderful has been your deliverance. } Xoii go foiHJi.fi free man."; and tI :.am jgl9,cl' to stluuk tliat the good ness of God bas been bestowed on one who has repented of. his past sins, and. who is not likely, I hope and believe^ to be unmindful of that goodness here after. You are dischargedl' * • • - Had he beeh left to himself, I think : the ' prisoner's old master, would have climbed into the dock) with the view of personally delivering his servant out of "the house of bondage. But he was restrained bya sympathetic constable, while Jolin' Harden, was reconvened f6r a sliorfc time to the jail, to undergo certain necessary formalities connected with his release from custody. I volun teered to take charge of Mr. Slocum, and tooU:'hini to the vestibule of theprison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and praises. We were soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with liis master brought a lump into the throat even .of a tough criminal la,wyer like myself. I saw them into a cab, and they drove off to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to call.ou meifche ntext day, and enlighten me on certain points as, to which I was stUV in'tlie fjark. , ' Jls ' strange a part i of my story as aby ti&s; yet to be " told. I hardly got back to my ofeice and settled down to. read' over the various letters which were awaiting my. signature, when my late client^ jJHarden's prosecutor) ;%vas announced. ' I had lost sight; of him in the excitement that followed the ac-. quittal. He did not wait to learn whether I was - engaged or not, ,but rushed a&er; the clerk into my room. 'He .was ashen white, - or rather .gray, and his knees shook so that he ooqld hardly stand ; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over bay table, he proceeded in the presence of tlie astonished clerk to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective of the foulest kind.. I had sold him; I was in league with the prisoner. . I was a swindling thief of a lawyer whom he would have struck off the tolls,' &c.j; until I really'thfiiught lie Md gone out of;'his iriind. : - !. i ' ■( As soon as I'could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was' no part of. a lawyer's duty to try and hang .a man' whom he'kne w to be iiinocent. As ;her only replied with abusive language, I: ordered* him out of the . office. Th'e' office' quieted itself once more—being far too busy, and al^o too well accus tomed to> eccentric people to have time for long wonderment at anythirig^-and in an hour I had finished my . work and' was preparing to leave for Tiome, when another -visitor ' was announced—In spector Foirester:. '"Well, Mr.''Forrester, what's the matter now i I'm just going off.. , ' Sorry if I put you out of the way, sir j but I thought you'd like to hear wliat's happened. The prosecutor in Havden's case has. given, himself up, for the murder.1 . ; • What 1' I shouted. \- He just has, sir. .It's ,a queer, day, this is. When I heard you get up and give evidence for the. tnan .you were prosecuting, X thought curiosities were... over .for ever; but seems they ain't and, never, will, be.' 'How was it?'. ... ' Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and .seemed a bit cast down, but " that was all.' Said fate was against him, #jid had saved the man lie thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer.' !I,-cautioned liim, of course— told hiin to sleep , on it before he said anything : but make - a statement he' would,, fcbfe short of it all; is, that > the ' idea of litorderinj!* the old lady for her money had come1 into his mind in ra flash when be saw. .that poor; drunken ' fool -exhibiting liis < knife in the tavern. He followed him-and picked his pocket of the knife, and then hung about the house, meaning to get "in after 'dark.« Then he saw the .girl- come out and go off,>,leaving the door closed but not latched, the, careless hussy J Then- ini slips the gentleman, and does iwiisSt He'-d made up his mind to—for you see the old wouisMi .knew liirn * well, so hie he couldn't afford.: to leave her alive—' ge.ts the caish, and slips but. All in cash itrwas, two hundred and fifty pounds.' When lie heard that-Harden couldn't' be found ? he got' uneasy in ■ his .>mrnd;' and has been getting worse ever since, though' lie' did well,J enbtjgh in- ti4de with the money. Seems hie considered1 he wasn'tisafe. until someone hanged* So, when ; tie recognised' HaCrdeiiy lie . was naturally down imhini' at once, and intensely , eager to jge'tMm convicted—which I. noticed myself, sir,, as of course yon did, and thought; it queer too, I don't doubt. He took too much piins, yoa see—he mast employ' you to make certain, instead of leaving it to us; whereas if he hadn't come to you, your evidence would never have been given, and I think vou'll say nothing could: have saved the prisoner.'. It was true enbugh. The wretched man had insured the failure of his own fiendish design by. employing mie, of all the solicitors to. whom he might *3iave. gOne. • : I learned next morning how Harden, after trying in Vain to iigtt iis pipe on thkt memorable evening, had wandered six hours through the -hard-hearted streets, until at day-break he had found' himself in the docks, looking at a large ship preparing to drop down the river with the tide. Howhehad managed: to slip aboard unseen and stow himself1 away ;in -the' hold, with some idea of bettering liis not over-bright, fortunes in foreign parts. How he- had sup-,: ported his; life in the hold with 'stray fragments of biscuit, wirich he. hap-, pened to liave iii his pockets, until, after a -day' or two of weary beating about against baffling winds, when they were out in mid-cTiannel, 'the usual search for stowaways had tin-, earthed him. How the captainjafter ^giving him plenty of strong language! .ai^ rope'snend, had at length agreed to " aUow nini to work as a sa∨'oii boari, the vessel.: How on landing at!Sydney he jhad got into: the .interior, <; taken servicie with his present master—Tinder" [ another name than his own,wishihg;to disconnect. jbimself entirely with his former life—and by honestly doing his: duty had attained his present - position., By the light of this narrative^ ;that which had puzzled, me became perfectly clear—namely, how itwas thathe had contrived' not only to get so entirely ' lost in spite of the hue and cry after him, "but also to remain in ignorance, of his aunt's fate. 'My client was tried, convictedj and executed iri due .course,; 'his' plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no weiglitagainstthecrueland cowardly attempt to put an innocent: man inhis place. , ' When. I last saw Jobn Harden, lie was married to a serious lady, wlio had been his late master's housekeepeiyand was possessor. of a prosperous general shop in a country village, stocked, by means of money which Mr. Slocum had generously left him. Good creations are rare. . Nothing has been." intoduced into the market since Wolfe's Schnapps that can compare with that unrivalled elixir, the. purest, spirit in the world. . .. A Queen of Thieves.:—The story of Mother Mandelbaum who was arrested lately. atJJew York, furnishes remarkable details concerning the criminal 'propnlation'of that city.: She is known as the'Queen of Thieves', hej-.store, corner of Clinton and Eivington street, Jtaviug for nearly: thirty years, been the resort of all the notorious thieves in the country. ' For twenty-five years,' ■? Miss Mandelbaum has carried -on a most successful * business'as receiver of stolen .goods,, silkSj diamonds-;,in fact the whole swag of a burglar.She is known by name to every tluefatid-detective inthe UihitfedStates, and has received plunder from nearly, every -city; inihe- coutry, secured by traveling .gangs of professional thieves.: All noted/burglars,: sneak, thievesj shop lifters, second-store climbers, have beeixeonnected.witli lier«ome,. time or aiiotbei'; Itliat is, all. first-classr>' thievea, intheir special blanches. When-:,, ever thieves wanted ready .money they ■ applied to her for it. She alwayfe hadit.' She had rooms for storing goods in New-York , Brooklyn, Hobok«Bj P-asraicend- othertowns. A frieud of the best thieves, she would stick to them when they were under arrest until all chances of acquittal or escape were gone.;, She selected counsel for them andfaroished all the money required. The niost ertrp, ordiii$t-y feafcare.<a,tiif. case is i^iatalLtiiis. business has. been knowji to the ,police aiid magistrates, and in some measure protected, by them," 