BERNA BOYLE. BY MRS. J. H. RIDDELL. Author o£ 1 ' George Geith," The Senior Partner," <5c. CHAPTER XL The confession of failure can never, under any circumstances, be other than disagreeable ; but Buch a confession becomes doubly unpleasant when it has to be made to those of a man's own household. There were many things Gorman Muir would have preferred to returning home and telling his father that Mr. Baird had seemed more inclined to flout than to favour him. The news that he was a disgrace must, the young fellow fancied, have flown from Kilkenny to Deny—at all events, the fact met him the moment he crossed Mr. Baird's threshold. "If you are wise you will try to make matters up with your uncle," said that gentleman, " As for an agency, Mr. Trevasson would have helped you to do that or anything else in reason." The cold shoulder is not a palatable dish; and Gorman had almost too much of it. In every possible form it was served up for his delectation. No matter where he went or what he applied for, a morsel of the abhorred food was thrust under his nose. Those acquainted with his origin had grudged him his prosperity; and now he was down many | a foot was raised to give him a sly or open kick. As a matter of course, the Gormans had never looked kindly upon Mr. Trevasson's adoption scheme; and there was rejoicing all through their borders when they heard the gates of Mount Michael were closed upon the son of Hewson Muir. Gorman had not been accustomed to such diet as was now provided for him, and he made creditable efforts to refuse it. All in vain, however. The story of Mr. Muir's ' marriage, more than a quarter of a century old though it was, might have been a perfectly fresh tale, so frequently was it repeated, so eagerly was it listened to. ' The son of that ill-assorted union had better have stayed away from Derry, where all the facts were as well known as the appearance of the Cathedral clergy. In provincial towns a scandal never dies; and upon tLe ins and outs of the Muir-Gorman alliance, nine-and- twenty years' gossip had conferred a dramatic and unholy immortality. It was there Gorman heard the whole story in its integrity; there, for the first time, he saw the broad lands and stretching moors of Clonnellin; there he sat in the bailiff's (house whence his grandfather had been driven in disgrace; there, by feeing the housekeeper, he was permitted—an unknown stranger—to walk through the rooms where Miss Katty, the gipsy, as she was still called, had danced and laughed, and deceived the " old lady," and gone out for the last time, cursed by her father, in company with a man who was " no fit match for such as her." There, also he met with one of his cousins " over fcr the shooting"—a tall, lanky-looking fellow, with long face, small shrewd blue eyes, and hair as nearly red as hair can be— who directed him on his road, unwitting they were of the smallest kin to one another. An alien and a stranger, he paced the seashore over which, with girlish glee, his mother had OB?e patched the white-lipped waves chasing each other. He felt lonely in his very soul. Had there been one to say, " God save you kindly," or '•Welcome to the old place," he could have borne it better. It was the sense of utter desolation, the feeling that none knew, none cared what had become of Catherine Gorman's child, which seemed to kill all manliness within him. As he looked out over the Atlantic lying still and peaceful like a giant asleep, he could have wept tears Salter than the salt sea's brine, thinking of the mother he had never known, and his own past, which could come back no more. A few months previously what had he not been; what had be not hoped; what had he not expected; and now—now—with an impatient gesture, he dug his heel into the shingle, remembering all that brief time had taken from him. He was an outcast from the home and the rank to which he had beeti accustomed since childhood. He was too old to take life in his hand and go out to meet fortune. He had been brought up to exeat expectations, and behold! in a moment, those expectations resolved themselves into fifty pounds, and a possible thousand to the back of them. Like his poor young dead mother, to whom such terribly bitter fortune—all of her own choosing—came before she had counted oneand- twenty years, he had heard the portals of " home" clang behind him, and listened to the echoes of a curse that Btill seemed to float around his head. He remained mooning about Derry and its neighbourhood longer than the hospitality extended to him or the Blender state of his purse seemed to warrant, merely because he could not summon up courage to return to Ardilaw. Though far from happy in the maiden city, he knew he was less miserable there than must prove to be the case under his father's roof. He had been prepared to meet with many things certain to be antagonistic to every taste and habit of his previous life ; but he found it well-nigh impossible to think with equanimity of the man who called him soDj and who at length urged his return home, saying— . wTS! " You re .inst spending your substance for naught up where you are now. Better come back, and we'll try whether there is nothing you can get to do in Down. Mr. Garnsey will give you a commission that may put a few pounds in your pocket. As for going to Dublin, as you talk of—go if you like, out take Ardilaw in your way. I mean to try and get the most of the corn cut next week. If the weather holds up, the crop needn't be despised. No word from ycur uncle yet. I am afraid you have nothing in writing about that thousand pounds." " No," said Gorman, when Mr. Muir. repeated this question verbally; "I have nothing in writing; and, moreover, if I had, I would not enforce my claim." " It is little use putting yourself out about what you might do, as it does not lie in your power to do anything," commented Mr. Muir, with exasperating coolness. "And there's no call to get angry with me because I ask you a simple question. I don't throw it up to you that your luck's out at elbows. That's not exactly your own fault. All thattroubles me now is what you are to turn to." " I wish to'heaven I knew," said his son. "You know you are more than welcome here; but" " I could not remain here idle ; it would kill me." " I see that—and I see, to, you've been brought up with the idea of doing no work which is not pleasure. It's a very good notion of life in its way, but I am afraid it won't find a man in victuals and pocket money for all that." "I am quite willing to work. I'll follow the plough, if need be," said Gorman, with some temper. "We won't begin ploughing much before November, but you can try your hand then if you like," answered Mr. Muir, drily. " I will go to Dublin first, and see whether there is not any chance of an agency." "Best keep your travelling expenses in your pocket, advised his father. " Who have you got that you could go to outside your uncle's friends, and you know what they'll say to you. The wisest thing for you to do is, lie quiet for a bit and keep out of sight ana hearing of the old man's acquaintances till he begins to be anxious about you. There are things to be done hereabouts, if you'd only do them—and money to be made, granting you were willing to make it." "If you wish me to turn horse-dealer, of course I ought to raise no objection." " Man alive! only to hear you. Horsedealer, indeed! And if you were a horsedealer, come to that, where would be the disgrace? Why look at old Cleery, out on the \ road to Comber—you've seen the fine house he has built himself, with the big greenhouse | full of flowers, and his daughters able to play and sing and talk French, and they dress as well as the Marchioness, though, of course, there's a something about them by which you can tell they're not just real born ladies— well, he started in life as stable-boy at Puray's Burn, but he'd a taste for horses and a judgment about them, and has worked himself up and on till he's made himself what you see" "A pattern for imitation," said Gorman, with grim distinctness. "His name is in everything about. His Lordship's agent has always a civil word for him. It's Cleery this and Cleery the other ; and " Wliat do you think of the ' favourite f " or " Why are they laying such odds against King at Arms ?" No, you needn't wrinkle np your brow and let down your mouth. I don't say you would be proud of notice like that, but if you had not been brought up soft you would know it is scarce to be despised." " I am afraid I could not hope to emulate the extraordinary success Mr. Cleery has achieved," remarked Gorman, his yoice sounding hoarse and hard as he spoke. " You might do something, at any rate," answered Mr. Muir, too wise to take any notice of the bitter ring in his son's tones. " Mr. Garnsey made you a fair offer; and I'm very sure there was nothing in his offer the best gentleman in the land need have drawn a thraw mouth over." "I shall be glad to accept Mr. Garnsey's offer," said Gorman, slowly. " Beggars, you know, must not be choosers." " If I was young like you, if I had a face such as yours, and a figure Buch as yoirs, and ways such as yours, it's not of beggars or beggary I'd be talking," exclaimed Mr. Muir. " I'd be casting abont instead to see where there was a young woman possessed of a fine fortune and the best of relations, and, when I found out, ask her to be my wife." " Ay, indeed ?" " Faith, and indeed ? and you wouldn't have far to look. Up at Beechfield there's just the wife for you, if you don't let her slip. An only daughter, too—and never a son!" with which final statement Mr. Muir felt so charmed he had to stop in his discourse and laugh to himtelf. the while Gorman regarded him with abhorent astonishment. "1 hate Miss Garnsey," he said, at last, "a degree more than I do Mr. Garnsey. I think him the greatest blackguard I ever spoke to, and I consider his daughter the ledst feminine woman a man need desire to meet." "What ails you at her? You might travel Down through, you might travel Ireland through, before you'd meet with a better-natured, freer-spoken young woman than Miss Lydia Garnsey." "The Lord be praised for that, at any rate." "I'd have thought, now, she and you would have hit it off from the first minute yon met. She's not to say handsome, I allow; but by the time a man's married three months he finds looks make little odds to him; no, not if a woman was Venus herself—and" " Look here," interposed Mr. Gorman Muir. " If we are to agree let us kept clear of the subject of matrimony altogether." "Well, well; I see you are hard to drive" " I am, and the Devil himself couldn't lead me along any road at the end of which I might have to take Miss Garnsey for better or worse. I'll do what her father wants, as it may please you; hut I wouldn't marry that girl if she was hung with diamonds." " I wonder what you want. She's good to the poor, and she's fit to consort with the rich. It does not signify a farthing to her whether there's fever or smallpox in any house, in she goes with her little can of soup, or pot of jelly, or custard, or custard pudding or" "What she does or leaves undone is nothing to me." "Faith, you are hard-mouthed, Gorman. I wonder what's the sort of bit you would answer to. It is quite unreasonable the way you talk, about a girl, too, who can go across country like a bird. Where would you find her like in the saddle ?" " Nowhere, I hope," retorted Gorman. " It's no use, I tell you, talking about Miss Garnsey to me. If ever I start a wife— which ia most unlikely—I'll look out for a woman who can talk about something else than horses and dogs—a quiet girl, who would be ashamed to joke with grooms and helpers and vets, as Miss Garnsey does." " Whoever you marry, man, steer clear of the quiet ones. Why, my third wife, Carline's mother, was as quiet-looking and softspoken a creature as ever made a man's life a terror to him. Well I mind the first hour I ever set eyes on her. It was very early of a summer's morning, in the first part of June. The dew was not off the grass, and the hawthorn was in full flower; the air was laden with it. I was living at Kilmoon then, and had to be in Donaghaaee by 7, and so started off betimes. There were not many stirring on the road, and I was driving steady, for I knew the mare would have a hard time of it before our day's work was done; when, just as I was passing Summerfield, £ saw a female sitting on the bank in a bare place of the hedge." Mr. Muir paused. For his son's edification, he had raised a ghost from out the past, and he did not seem to like its aspects "And she was?" " Carline's mother. Some day, may be, IH tell you the whole story, though I have never cared to talk much about the three years I passed with her. What I started to say was, give the woman that speaks low and slowscarce raising her voice above a quiet whisper —the widest berth you can manage. The Atlantic wouldn't be too much space to keep between you. Miss Garnsey mighn't be just to your mind; but, at any rate, you see in the first ten minutes all the harm there's in her. As for the good, that story couldn't be told out in a day. There's not an old wife for miles round but could find something to say to her credit." "When is Carline coming home?" asked Mr. Gorman Muir, who put the question, not because he felt anxious for his Bister's return, but simply for the reason that he desired to endlthe Miss Garnsey controversy. "I'm not just sure," answered the farmer. " If it suits Sirs. Sinton to keep her, I'd like well for her to stop where she is till all is settled for the wedding." " What wedding ?" " Why, hers. She has been promised for the last two years to young Robert Cragland. He has been away in Dumfries-shire learning more about sheep and such like than he could do here ; and his father and me weren't able to agree exactly about the money I am to pay down with Carline. I have made up my mind, though, now to stretch a point and give what he wants—for I couldn't and wouldn't be troubled looking after her here. A husband is the fittest person to see a woman keeps straight." " She is certainly very pretty," remarked Gorman, thinking he was expected to say something, " She's not bad looking," agreed Mr. Muir, " and, though she does not strain after her mother in her ways, yet I shall never feel quite easy about her now. There's always Eomebody to put notions in a foolish girl's head, and the lesson she got over the Ensign may not last her as long as it should." •'What did the Ensign do ?" " Why, he got making love to her, and they began writing to one another on the sly, and making up appointments to meet, unknown, aB they thought, to anybody. A hint was given me, so I came back one day and made a third in the party. I asked him a few plain questions that he could not exactly answer, and I compelled the girl to stop and hear him confess what a hound he was. That's why I sent her away. As for the Ensign, I thought it best to clench that nail, so I made it my business to see his Colonel and get my gentleman leave for a while." "Why did yon not send former' exclaimed Gorman. " I'd have taught him a lesson he wouldn't have forgotten in a hurry. It's not too late to horsewhip him now." "Justyou sit quiet. There's no need to distress yourself. If I'd thought a flogging was the best thing I could have laid into him myself, but I wanted no stir made over the matter. Old Cragland was never to say too sweet about the match, and Carline's not likely to fall in with so good a chance again. Upon the whole, I think I'll bring her home soon. If she Btops away too long people might begin to talk, and I don't think anybody will come skulking round the plac« for a while, at any rate." "He'd better not." said Gorman, "if he has any respect fcr his bones. Talk or no talk, I'd make him repent the day he tried to fool Carline." "Don't put yourself out. The Ensign won't show his face again in a hurry at Ardilaw, nor his Colonel neither. He rode down to tell me he had given Mrs. Ludham a hint of what was going on, and arranged the young man should not come back while the regiment stopped in Belfast. We put up his horse, and he looked over the place, ana made as though he had a notion of buying one of the colts; and he went round the garden and seemed pleased to see damsons again, and I asked him if he could eat a mouthful of cheese and some good oat-cake, and he said yes, and had that and a jugful of milk, and sat a long time talking most agreeably. I declare he took me in, if ever a man did. I had not a notion of what he was waiting for until he said, 1 1 hope Mis3 Carline is quite well.' I answered that she was ; and then I just laughed in his face, and told him she wasn't at home, and that if she was he shouldn't see her." "' I didn't get rid of the Ensign to be bothered with the Colonel,' I remarked. ' I couldn't write to your mother if you've got one ; and who would I apply to to give you leave of absence ?" " You never saw a man so taken aback in your life. He tried to make light of my notion, but it was the right one. He didn't stop long after that, and he never said another word about the colt; and I haven't heard a syllable from him from that day to this." j With a muttered oath, Gorman Muir sprang from his chair, plunged his hands fiercely in his pockets, and commenced walking up and down the room. I " Man alive!" exclaimed his father, who had only the vaguest idea as to what was the matter, "you can put on an awful look. | Don't bend your brows and set your mouth like that. The Evil One himself could scarce have a worse case of countenance than you at this minute.' i " The Evil One himself could scarce ; feel worse than I do at this minute," retorted Gorman, with a sudden gust i of fury. Mr. Muir deemed it best "to ! let blow by" ere adventuring upon any other topic of conversation. | 