HOLIDAY NOTES. [Br AJAS.J Yon, Mr. Editor, arc responsible for one or two rather serious blunders which occurred in I be notes published on Saturday j and the " anifela" in the typographic department also'took some liberties with uiy spelling and grammar. But of course nllowance must be mode for those who were kept on the chain while others were holiday making. I WAS telling you about the exhibition when obliged to conclude lost week ;' upon the subject cf those who did and those who did not get prizes ft is unnecessary to say anything more. Most people, not actual win ders, would as soon In1 condemned to a study of the statutes at large as to the perusal of a priec schedule. Bat let me say a word or two in a general way. commencing with the .inside Bhow. . I am inclined to think the chief dif ficulty encountered by the committee this year was in getting sufficient exhibits to fill the building, for in no other way ran the' presence of a score or so of buggies and vehicles of various kinds be explained. Even with the aid of these, and large collections of plants from the Acclimatisation Society's Grounds close hy, the floor space waa only partially occupied, and there was abundance of roonilor the spectators after the first ruehf on <fpening day. ? ThV exhibits on the whohj werfc disappointing. Shop goods greeted the eye it <eiety turn, and quite ovefabadowed the exhibits worthy of a. place, k, collection of pointings and engravings were >b« "Centre of at traction. The former included portraits in oile tof tbe Governor (Sir Anthony Miisgmve), the Premier'^ r. Griffith), and the Hon. Dr. O'Doberty. Amongst the engravings were some very fine bit lie pieces-Miss Thomson's " Boll Call in the Crimea;" .' Quatre Bras." and thi "Beturn from tnkertnan," in which latter S fnnded/I cotjld recognise some of tbe comrades D»vy Clarke inwd to tell us lie met in the Crimea before bsing sent dpwn to tbe Scutari hospital, 'd'ye mind inef" Tbe " Princes in the Tower, the'1' Captain of the Eleven," and a pair, "flirtation" and " Wedded," were also good-*ud so was tbe price. -Th-eboys were delimited with- n por trait of a donkey entitled " His only joy is whoa 1'' but tbe piclure-was scarcely, as good as the pun. I stood for a few moments by the railing Biirfound'ng an exhibit of r^bly upboIitcTefl fnrqilure-a set . of chaits. an0 a couch-and in less than as iriahy minutes' heard h»lf-e do«en young ladies remailf " How iiocef" to their respective young men. Sorfte of tbe latter smiled approvingly at the fair ones' sickly wit: others gave the observation a mrponel'application, blushed to-the MdtS-of 4bfeir h(i1r. <? ' ?' '- - OnTBtDE were the dogs, poiiltry,' and: stock, about which*! know even less tbao thp.. average judge. There were some *' side ithAkri1" on the' ground, and of course we countrymen bad a look in at each. The snake-charmer and sword-swallower first en gaged our attention, we h»ving been invited to " valks in" hy an Eoglishman from Ham burg, who Bpoke a sort of hybrid German gibberish, wore a Turkish costume, TfflllecttSl the coin, and ground the organ. This" was a tpan-of parts., -He.Jiadra-fceea relish for cold sjffieT, *nd|crtaui0d! a twenty-inch dagger d5wn bis tnrofit WUboiitR wink"; this he did repeatedly, each time allowing one of the audience to draw the weapon out, Tbe per formance was not such an one as a person of weak Btomncb would care to gase upon. He next pntfuMfcofflabox^flre/tarpet each »bout jfe fettfc-ipai,- 464' bungt-tUW round his neck end on his arme. The repul sive creatures appeared perfectly docile and ejlber wound themselves round their "char mfer's" limbs or crawled intb his pockets or shirt front, he meanwhile delivering a dis-1 course on snakes which nobody could under stand. An educated sheep was also produced, I and picked up (with her mouth) different play-1 ipg.cands as jbey ware called for by ,the audi ence. PASSING out, we.patronised an exh ibi tionof boxing in a marquee hard by, where " the most scientific athletes in Australia" were announced to appear. Taking a bill from the , janitor, I ascertained tbe names of our pros pective entertaipers to he Charles Bathgate, "Mace's novice;"'. -.Ned Howard, -*f the>.old identity Jack Bandall, "Foley's pupil Joe Ward, " the possum;'" and Ned Bolton,' "the Ballarat nugget." A moment later the five appeared in dirty tights and faded trunks, and made their bows. " Two of us," said the .spokesman, "is profeshnpls; these coves a ware-of h;i hand-iii' we-direction of the trio on his right}-is amacbursa. Now then, gentlemen I" and immediately the " possum" and the " nugget" set to. The marsupial was quickly arpued off his legs, and Foley's pupil filled the breach. And so on for about balf-an-hour, the audience (most.of whom were of the larrikin class) ap plauding the victors vociferously. ID the building usually occupied by heavy machinery, tbe "only reul ghosts ever seen in Queensland ' were on exhibition. " Been I to see the ghosts P" anxiously enquired one youngster of another just emerging from tbe temple of the supernatural, as I was about to enter. " Yes," replied the other. " What sort are they P" " Proper (carmine) ghosts, I tell you 1" " Whire do they jonie fromP" ' ' I dunno; he just touches the spring of a door, and a skeleton conies on tbe stage-a real skeleton ; its nearly dsrk, but you can teo thn ghost. It's got no eyes, and long I I oney fingers and toes; my word it frigb [tened me." "Only one t" "One I there's lots' of 'en>; you can seen, 'em mov [ ing about, and hear 'em knocking their bones against each oilier." "Go on I" "Toucan bet your continental it's a fact: don't you go in, or you'll dream about 'em." He didn't. THE rustics rolled up in large numbers to the Theatre nightly to witness the excellent performances of the Holloway troupe. On Wednesday, Thursday, nnd I'rirlny Mr. G, II. Sims' great drains, the " Lights o' London," was re- produced for tbe benefit of people from the country. The piece is a very taking one; it is the old, old story of the squire's wild son running away with the lodge-keeper's pretty daughter, and being cut off without a shilling in consequence. -They of course go to lxyndon to seek their fortune, hut are soon re duced to the condition of homeless, friendless beggars. The incidents of the first three acts are cleverly outlined in the following verses, which are sung befoi-o the curtain rises: THE LIGHTS or LONDON TOWN. Tho way was long and woary, But gallantly they strode, A country lad and lasslo, Along tho weary road ; Tho night vh dark and stormy, Hut blithe of heart were they. For .shining tn the distance, Tho Tights of London lay; Oh 1 gloaming lights of London, That vera the city's crown ; What fortunes Ho within you, oil t Lights of London Town I The years passed on, and found thorn WlthUi tho mighty fold; The years had brought them trouble, hut brought them little gold ; There from their garret window. On long still Butnmor nights, They'd seek the tar-off country, Beyond the London lights. Oh 1 mocking lamvs o* London, What weary eye* look down, And mourn the day tliey saw you, Oh 1 Lights of Lonilou Town 1 With focus worn and weary, That told of sorrows' load ; Our night, a man and woman, ' Crept down a country roau ! Thev sought their native villog c, 'llcart-lirokon from the fray, Yet, smiling still liuhlnd thrill, Tho lights of L^mloll lav. Oh I rmel lam|w of London, It toars your lights eould ilrown, Your vlttlms' i-yt'H iruuld wM.»;t that), Oh! Lights of London Town. The acting of the brothers Bolloway, Miss Essie JcnynR, Mies Constance Deorwyn, and the Jame family was particularly good ; but Mi-. Jewett, he the villittn, certainly tnudethe hit of the evening. He plotted e&gaccetisfull;^ nnd so frequently brought shame nnd diRgmce upon the hero and heroine ihtit "ben Ht last the happy ending was in view. tbu4jod*~£dii]y row* at him ond hissed ond gronned their ap proval of hit discomfiture. During one of4he pathetic whta f very ear woslHftea* ing intently to 1ho story of the heroine's woes, a baby's wail rent the silence nnd" filledtW building with wary uninteresting sound®. The gods bore the interruption quietly for a moment-but only for a moment, then a choreas of voices from the pit peremptorily ordered the distracted mother to " equash it 1' "sit on it!" or "chuck it out!" , ( 