THE ¿LÁtCHFOÍlD BEQUEST. .(?From Chamberga Journal.) (Conclusion.) MARION WRET Bpoke the troth. In linking hia life with here. Cuthbert had made no grand alliance. She brought him neither wealth nor influence. Ten taara ago, he had met her at the houea of a clerical friend, the Kev. Mr. Mayne. She was a pale, sad, bat beautiful girl, who had awakened his interest at ones. Tor some time she had been acting as governess to his friend's children. A faint resemblance she borf to the first woman ho bad ever loved appealed to Cuthbert ; and after seeing her a few times, interest grew - to admiration, and admiration culminated in love, i He was not a man to linger long in suspense. One day he went to her and asked her to be is wife ; pleading for ¡tho gift of her love in so earnest a way, that she could not fail to onderstatrd the depth Of the passion he felt. Yet the girt hesitated. She made no secret of the fact that .she loved bim, but begged for a couple of days' grace before she gave bini the promise he craved. Puzzled, hut hopeful, he left her ; returning at the time specified for her answer. Marion took his hand. ' 'I have thought and thought,' she said, ' but I cannot decide. Will yon take me just aa I am-just as. you find me-without one question as to my past, or one allusion to it ? My lifo has been a bitter one ; and if I become your wife, let me bury and utterly blot out the past. Will you, can you do this f" With a lover's impetuosity, ho vowed that neither now nor hereafter did he care or would he wish to know anything save and except that the loved him ; and as, without a shadow of evil in them, her clear eyes met his, be knew that he should never regret or wish to break the vow. ' If,' she said, after a pause-' if yon think I ask to much, go to Mr. Mayne ; be knows ' my history. It is a sad one-so sad, that I should like to think you never beard it.' Bat Cuthbert preferred to trust .entirely, and keep his promise, like tho loyal man he was. If there had been sorrow, let it be buried for ever. Marion's happiness was his future charge. They were married almost immediately, and from than bonr every trace of sadness vanished from Marion's faoe. Every day, her husband thought, sha Riw more beautiful. She was twenty-stx when Cuthbert married hor-; and now, ten years afterwards, she was a fair, rc finad, dignified woman, fit to move ia the best society, and doing; the honours nf her house to, often, distinguished visitors with perfect grace end composure. Dearly as she loved bet^husband, much as she longed for bis con- stant presencio, she waa no bar to the success of his ambition. His aims were hers, and she could make any sacrifice to compass what he bad at heart. No husband and wife could have been better matched, and none loved better. Yet UuthDert aeoiiien not co ten Der nie purport of Mr. Dunn's visit, until something more definite was ascertained. Tho next day he wont np to town, and made arrangements with a noted inquiry agent to send some one at once to San Francisca, in the hope of get- ting some information about a mau, name unknown, who, fourteen years ago, was shot like a dog in a gambling saloon. Then dis- missing, os far as ho could, the whole thing from his mind, be vent hack to what holiday ho could allow himself. CHArTEu rv. - .i It waVscveinl months befóte the agent . re- turned from America. He had been ordered to Rjnrc ncithnr time nor money, and had kept his instructions to thc letter, but with little result a« yet. ifavine, nftur some trouble, ascertained that the man who was shot, as 'described by Mr, DODD, passed under tb» name of Winslow, be went to work to trace bim back. It was a difficult task, but it woila" bave been, even more so fiad not tho so called Window,'by- Sundry' villainous acts7 left his memory 'green in the minds of some he had come in coutoqt with-, It will doubt- less seem as'though tho search was begun at the wrong end ; but, years ago, the other way, had failed. ' From the ¡timé when he quarrelled irrevocably with his mother, Blatchford could untraced a .certain distanoe; i then.,h^ dis- appeared.' l A^.'Jbast the agent returned. By tho merest'chance, he had found anbali .wjiq had sailed from Liverpool in the same ' boat j that carried, Blamford, ar, Winslow.., Pe, like offers,, .^ad,'reasouV.of his,, own tor re. menibqr|ng hun.' So'this was thc, result of the inquiry : Blatchford sailod from tiyojrpoçil nt a certain date, under the name of Winslow. After a short "but discreditable career in various cities ,jn IfortU and South America, he had met bis tate as described. Nothing was kao.wn about his wife. ' ' . i Cuthbert heard the agent's réport. I 1 We hsd better advertise for Mrs. Wins- low,' that gentleman suggested. Cuthbert considered. 'Not yet,' be said, 'Go down to Liverpool, and try and trace back from there. He was a saloon passenger, you say.: Most< likely, he' stayed at a good hotel. A list of the gucBts may show where i he came from, at he appears to have been ooh- ¡ tented with one alias. Go down and soe what you !oan doi.b'it ¡don't write me or. come, to* , mo until you think tho case hopeless, or until you have learnt all.' ; nie agent wept Bia way ; .ana v/utnoers 'knew that tho time was drawing near when the old battle must' W'refougbt. He strove to dismiss the matter' from his'mind ; bat, do what he, wqujld, it was always with him.. Tb,p eaorifiop now, would, be eo |tfemendpus. Even if all weint'well with hiB. party,' and he bad office, what good could be expeoted of a statesman who bas pn)y the emoluments of- ilia place to depend upon ?.He must degener- ate-mnst spaner or later beoome a,,plaoe seeker, whep (Office ^ mas a metter of life andi death'to. those he loved,best iu the world, . No j if hegavf np-as.he was by hie own code o( honour (bound tp give up-Mrs,. Blatchfords wealth, . farewell ty public life. All that would be over. And with these thoughts., always with him, .dreading that each post would «bringhim pews of .,the missing people, despito himself, the man's manner, .changed. He grew* moody, preoccupied, and silent j even the smile with which ho greeted'hie wife and children was differept-so different, tbat for the first'time w'nee she had been*married, Marion Wrey felt unhappy «nd fall tit strange fears. It was about a month after her husband's .last interview with the confidential agent, that Marion sat alone. Cuthbert had gone to the north .of England to speak at an im- portant meeting, held that night in a large town, one of the strongholds of his antagonists. Although-the Wreys being now people of some note-Marion had half-a-dozen invita- tions for this particular evening, she preferred spending it at home and alone. She tat thinking of many thingB, past and present,, but most of all of Cuthbort's changed manner of late. It had for some time been a source of great uneasiness to ber. He did not com- plain or show any sign of illness; he was sanguine aa to the outcome of public affairs ; his ambition was not so high os to insure dis- appointment. What, then, had chanced him changed hiB way of speaking, changed his Bmile? Could it bo, she thought, with the quick suspicion of a loving woman, that, his affection for her was waning 7 Did he at last begin to think that, in marrying one so lowly as herself, ho had thrown a chance away I But such thoughts wore but passing ones. Ho had given her too many proofs of the endur- ance of his love to permit her to barbour euch unworthy doubts. Y«t ehe sighed,, - and I prayed that whatever weighed upon her hus- band's mind might be removed, or that he would let her share the burden. After a while «he rose and rang the bell. ' Bring me to-night's letters,' she said. Cuthbert kept no secretary. He was-an energetic man, equal to any amount of work ; but whilst the IiouBe was sitting, his corres- pondence was so voluminous that, recently, his wife opened many of his letters and sorted them according to the importance they bore. In this way she saved bim much time. There was a goodly pile to-night. She opened and examined each letter in turn- all eave one or two which she laid aside un- touched, knowing, from the initials on the envelopes, that they contained politioal matter so weighty, that she must not be the first to read it. Presently she came upon a thick packet, sealed and. registered. It bore the Liverpool poBt-mark, and was marked ' Private'-but so was every second envelope. Without hesitation she broke the cover and drew the letter out, leaving the other papers which accompanied it behind. A begging petition with testimonials,' she said as she opened the letter, preparing to take a hasty glance at its contents. As she unfolded tho paper, a small bright object dropped from it on to her lap, lt was a gold cross, one arm of 1 which was broken off. She took it in her hand looked at it for a moment, and then started os if a snake had bitten ber. With thc trinket still iu ber band, elie turned to the letter, and her face grow paler with every line Bhe read. The missive was short ; its meaning must have been plain, as Marion had no need to rcperuBc it. As she read the last word, she let both letter and trinket fall, then, uttering a low cry of pain,-placed her hands upon her eyes. '0 my darling 1' she moaned, 'and this the reason-thiB why you have changed so, lately 1 My love, I may have deserved it, but not like this!' So she sorrowed for a time,then''her mood changed. She rose, and dashing her tears away, paced the room like a queen. 'If an angel had told me this, I would.have laughed him to scorn I After BO many years-so many happy years 1 Cuthbert, Cuthbert! why did you do it? How could you do it ? It waa your right to know. Hod you wished it, I would hore told you-told you freely, in spite of your promise. But oh 1 to learn it like this, through a hired spy!' Then her proud bearing forsook ber, and tho hot tears sprang forth again. Bat at last she grew composed I but there was a world of ewect regret in the words she addressed to her absent husband : ' Yes, you will «till love i me, and I shall forgive even this. But never, never again Bhall we be the same to each j other-never quito the same, Cuthbert 1' She looked at the contents of the packet. Two or three letters in a woman's hand* writing-ono woll known to her-which gave berthe feeling as of ghosts rising from the past. She replaced everything in the cover and locking it away, sat late into the night, thinking and thinking-longing for thc morrow to end her «lépense. Tho next day, Cuthbert returned, just in time to groot her for a moment before ho «ont down to tho House He had o question on tho ndtico paper, one that, he knew, would stick like a barbed arrow into the Home Secretary's well-seasoned flank. Ile was in better spirits than usual. ' Wc shall smite them hip and thigh 1' he cried. ' Inside their owu fortresses wc shall piny them I-My darling, how ill you look. What is tho matter 7' '.I have passed a bad night,' she /altered. She could not reproach him at that 'moment. Kho could not understand why, with that letter wailing for bini, his voice should ex- press suck unmistakable anxiety and solici- tude, ' lila down, dearest;3 ha Bild, 'ind: ¿est til I come home. I ehall be back to dinner.' He kissed her, and went to 61.'Stephen's Except for the fear aa :to!what newsboy ipos might bring him- from his ' detective, he wai very joyous. Every paper had a loader 01 tho speeches.of last night, and bis speeob bac been an important and favourably oritioisee one. . . " .,i ' .? . . 1 He was in good spirits When he cams hom« to dinner. HÍB bout with the Home Secretar] had succeeded to a -marvel. His manner tc Marion; < who »till looked ' wirti ' and weary, had never been more affectionate. She fell bewildered.. " .. .»! Dinner over, be must go to his duticB again. She could oct let the moment pass. Sba placed herself in a low ohair near him-her favourite seat. ' Must you go to the House to-night, Cuthbert IV . i :.!. >'/ ' I don't know about " must:" I ought to, although there will ,be po< division of impor- tance. If you feel ill, my: darling, I will stay ? with yon¡' Hs kissed ber so lovingly, that she: knew it oould ba, no pretence, and won-; dared more and more, f How cold your lips are,' he said. - ' Yes ; I will stay with you to H night.' She thanked him, but waited a while, as in deep thought, before she spoke : again. ' Cath li berti' She said, sweetly but gravely,'' may I j toll you a little tale of real life Î" . He looked at her, and felt sure there Was , some grave meaning in her request. ' By all means,'he «aid. . << ¡ . >i ,,'T Calm as she forced herself to be, i her heart .beat and her band trembled as she drew out , the little broken gold cross and. placed it in 1 his hand. He looked at it and then at ber 'inquiringly. ' That waa given me, years ago,' she said with an effort, ' by the man who was my hus- band, or who I fanoied was my husband.' . Cuthbert started. ' Wait a moment, Marion I did hot ask for this, ' Tab' riot wan» it. 'But if you wish to tell me, tell me with your jhand in mine ; for I swear.whatever you may ?choose to let me know shall make no differ- ence between us.' His voice was passionate i as when he first pleaded pf ber love. She did oat understand. She looked st: him almost .dreamily, ,bnt did not ¿Ines her ? hand in his. 'No, Cuthbert. It may be I shall have a question to ask you. - Lat me tell, i St my own way.' ; He saw abe ¡was-quite serious, so listened ¡with growing fear. ...... 1 * I was bat a girl, ehe «aid, very quietly end with her eyes eaet down-"a girl ol ¡twenty.' He toldme be, loved me. Be was young, and, I believed, would change hie manner of life for my sake. I married him. For a few '-months I wai. happy. ; : then I found him as he really was-a false liar, a coward, a swindler. When years afterwards he told tale I was not even his wife-that even in that ¡he had deceived me, I think,, in spite of the shame, my heart leant for joy. He could Claim me no mpre.-Did I wrong you, my Cuthbert, by marrying you t I was only sinned against. My silence must have made you think it even woree than this,- Now, I will give you yonr letter.' . Cuthbert was very grave. 'Why do yon te.ll me this, Marion ! I was of course bound to guess at something of the kind. Why tell me now ? I never asked j \ neyer wished to know..' He had not noticed ber mention of the letter, nor would he have known what »no meant by. it. She drew it from her breast.. ' My husband,' she said sadly, as she handed, to him, 'weean never be quite as we were, before you did thia thing. If you doubted, why not havo asked me? ff by, not hsvo asked Mr. Mayne? I will not reproach yon, bat you have degraded both me and your-' aelf.' He took the letter in etnpid astonishment:1 That he and Marion were at cross- purposes, that she was under some delusion, was évident. What it was he could only learn from reading the letter, so, without another ?word, be read : : DEAR SIR-I would have seen yon, but am ordered away on an affair of great importance. I do not neglect your interests in going. A. child might now follow the due,- Winslow and his wife lived for some time at D--. He left her- deserted her,' probably, when he «ailed for the States. She lived on at D for a while, trying to make an income by keeping a small school. Then ehe < fell seri- ously ill, and at last- was taken away by a gentleman, whose name my informant forgets, ut who was rector of St. Winifred's, a church on tho outskirts of London,1 ' This should be ample for your purpose ; bat I in- close some letters, and a trinket left, behind fier, when she quitted the house at wbioh she odged.' ? j As be finished the letter and read the sig- nature of his confidential agent, Cuthbert's head felt in a whirl. It was some little time before'he could'see the connection between his wife's grief and thiB letter which brought the dreaded moment close to hand. His first thought was that Marion wai troubled by his having concealed the matter from her. He glanced at the letter once more, and this timo I the mention of St. Winifred's wrested his attention. Tho whole truth came to him like a flaBh of lightning. Astonishment no longer expressed his state. He stared at his wife. She stood with her eyes cast down, her beauti- ful faoe pale and sad, and with tears Slowly running down her cheeks. ' Bot tho child I' gasped Cuthbert-' your child 1" Still ignorant of the truth, she looked st bim with reproachful eyes. Why should he wish to probe every old wound ? ' Poor little baby 1' she said-' poor little boy I The only thing in all that tune I can look,back to with a happy thought-the only gleam of sunshine in my life. But he died, Cuthbert-died before I wrote to pny old friend Mrs. Mayne, begging her to come and save me from starvation or worse. Then it was I said I will have no past.' Cuthbert rose and clasped his wife to his heart. Had she wished to resist, those' strong loving arms of hiB would have made resistance useless. 'Marion* my wife, my darling !' he cried, ' can you not understand ? I have been Bend- ine across the world to find traces of the widow and son of Ralph Blatchford, to whom, - if I could have done what was right, I must have given up nearly every farthing of the Iwealth we enjoy ; and from this letter I learn that Ralph. Blatchford waa the man who married you under the assumed name of Wins- low 1 Marion, if you understood what this means to me, to you, to the children, you would be happier than ever you have been before I' Marion understood. She laughed a half delirious but entirely happy laugh ; her band stole iuto her husbands, and the whole question of the Blatchford bequest was ended, and at rest for ever. WOMAN", with doz jumping at ber, to Pro- fessor, owner of tho animal-" For Heaven sake, man, call your dog off or he will upset me." Professor, standing on one foot,. and scratching his head-"One minute, madam; one minute ; (to himself)-as soon ns I can remember the infernal brute's name." l'.\i:MEU WIIUZLK (meeting tho curatos w¡fo¡ who is a bee-keeper)-"No mum ¡ I've no call I to lind any fault wi' your bee-kecpin' but f do wish as they 'oodnt light on my clov* r. I found one o' my Bticcp stuug in his mouth this morning." Curate's « ¡fe naively-" And, pray, Mr. Wurzle where would you look for its tongue but in ttl mouth !" THE LAMBKIN AND THE MEADOWS. IT ta actaeon now, bat it was winter, olear and cold, and the «now waa firmly packed, when Dr. Meadows waa one of a sleighing party, whioh he describes, BO far as he and The lively Widow onftbkin eat in the same sleigh, under the same buffalo robe with me. ? Ob, oh I don't, don't 1 she exclaimed, as we came to the first bridge' kt the same time catchiug me by the arm, and taming ber veiled face toward me, while her little eyes twinkled through tjhe .moonlight. t/ 'Don't what F I asked.' 'rm not doing anything.' 'Welt, but I thought you were going to taketoli,' repiiea Mre.a»ribkÍBÍ " >l 1 ' Toll,'I rejoined} 'what's that!" 'Well I declarer cried the widow, her clear laugh ringing ont.abpye. the music of tbs balls, 'you pretend you d¿n t Know what toll is 1' 'Indeed I don't then,' I said laughing; ' pray explain if "pota'please.?: )-.);! ' You never heard, then,' said the widow, moat provokingly-"you never heard that when we are ou a sleigh ride the gentlemen always-that is, sometimes-when they cross abridge, *laitta bias, and callat'a'lolU'/iBut Inevsnpayiit.'i.' . . -r -. >.«, ul , I said that I had never heard of it before s, but when we came to the next bridge I claimed the toll, and,,the .widow's struggles to bold the V'e1!! were'not'enonghw tear it. At laBt the veil was removed, her round rosy face was turned directly toward mine, and in the clear light of a frosty moon the toll was taken, for the first «m& in' His life by Dr. Meadows. Soon we came to a long, ' bridge, with several arches ; the widow said it was no use to resist a man who would have his own way,.»o "feb* paid iícítoll withMit:a:TOh'rruur. ' But you won't take toll for every arch, will you doctor ?' the widow said so archly and that was the beginning-But never mind the TsrtiriThe-. ¡I^btóny had Jibe Meadows all to herself in, the spong.-War- per's MonUdy. . ' 