CARROLL O'DONOGHUL A- TALE OFiTHB IEISH STEUGGLE ' OF 1866; CHAPTEE LVII. THE EETUEN TO DHEOMMACOHOI. Moiea Moynahan was hardly prepared for the influx ol visitors which came so suddenly to the little pastoral residence ; but the fact that Tighe accompanied them, and the still more joyful fact of being permitted to hear all about it from Tighe's own lips, while the remainer of the party repaired to the study, or to the parlour, put. her into excellent humour. What thoughts filled Carroll's mind as he stood once more in the house in which his last arrest had taken place — what burning admiration and love for her whose noble sacrifice of self had really been the cause of his release ! he turned to her : 'Marie!' Accustomed as ne naa oeen to in ora, sin gularly enough this name came to him with little effort to remember it. ' A life of devotion to you, as 1 shall strive to make my future, will be far too little to show my gratitude, my love !' A troubled look came into her eyes, though she smiled faintly ; and without answering him, she found some pretest tc leave him, and at length to steal to her old favourite haunt, the chapel. There, with her face up lifted to the tabernacle, she prayed : ? Oh, my God ! I thank Thee— Thou hast well rewarded the little I have done ; and now, I pledge myself to Thy work, to serve Thy poor, to wait upon Thy sick, to deny myself !' She rose when her prayer was finished, and rojoined her friends. It still required some little time before the ancient home of the O'Donoghuea would re turn to the possession of its heir ; but Carroll, knowing it would certainly return to him, was well content to wait-— passing delightful hours in rambling over the grounds, planning improvements, and greeting old friends. All Dhrommacohol waa aroused by the story of his wonderful release, and the still more marvellous tale of Nora McCarthy not being even Nora Sullivan, but having to change her name a second time to Marie Berkeley ; Clare, as happy and as eagev as himself, always accompanied him, but Marie Bought for protests to decline joining in the rambles. At first Carroll laughed at the work which she alleged as her excuse, then be became a little annoyed, and at last, on the fifth day of then1 sojourn in the pastoral re sidence, he deliberately stood in the doorway of a room which Marie was about to enter, and said reproachfully : 'Now, Marie, this is positively cruel of you ! why, if you treat me go unlover-like now, what will be your manner when, on the restoration of ovx home, I dare propose iox a right to your obedience P Perhaps, how ever,' he continued in a playful tone, ' it is because my lineage does not compare with your own — you, you know, are the daughter of a pear !' She looked at him with gentle reproach, bufc, before he could answer, Father Meagher's voice was calling to them both frora tho foot of the stair. They hurried down to find themselves face to face with Sick of the Hills. Yes, there he was, but so wasted by disease that ho seemed like tho ghost of his former self ; his face, however, had no longer its wild, unhappy expression ; haggard and worn though it was, there was a peace, and even joy upon it, which, told of quiet ana Happiness within, lieside aim was a pale and delicate, but remarkably pretty, young woman— a charming modesty marked her mien, and the taste and simplicity of her dress gave evidence of no ordi nary mind. She was in turn accompanied by an elderly female dressed in deep mourn ing, and on the other side of Eiok waa a , beautiful boy—but his beauty, exquisite though it was, was also saddening by the evidence it gave ox early decay — the hectic colour, the lustrous eyes, the marble brow, all told of fast approaching disoolution. Clare was already in the rgom, standing near the young woman, and on the entrance \ of Carroll and Marie, Eick trembled so violently that lie could scarcely stand. ' You have nothing to fear, Eick,' said the priest re- assuringly ; 'you have been forgiven everything. Here,' — ap- proaching the young woman, and leading her forward — 'is Kick's true daughter, Cathleen. And here' — drawing forward also the elderly lady — * is the good woman who has proved a true mother to Cathleen. And'— crossing to the boy, and taking him by the hand— 'is the little lad of whom Father O'Connor gave U3 so touching an account. Now, Eick, tell us why you did not reach Dublin in time to be present at the interview we all had with Lord Heathcote ?' The poor fellow, weak as he seemed to be, would have stood to tell the story ; but Fa ther Meagher forced him into his chair ; and ub uiapaiuueu ivjluij. a, wuuao curiosity liau. made her thrust he head in at the door, for a drink which should revive the foeble man. ' Why, do you see,' he began, ' the shock of what 1 told Cathleen, together with my own wild feelings — for I couldn't contain myself at all when I saw in her face that same look that had never left my hear!; since she was taken from me, — prostrated her en tirely ; and when she recovered enough to weigh well all that I told her, and to look into the proofs that I brought her of my strange story, and to listen to the promptings oi her own heart, which forced her to believe me, it left her so weak— though at the same time happy — that for some days there was even danger of her death. The letter, which told me to come immediately to Dublin, arrived at that time ; I could not leave my darling then, wheia there was like ihood of God himself taking her from me, and I waited, praing to hano her restored ; she was restored, and with her first return of strength, learning of the letter which had corae to me, she insisted on bearing me com pany. Although she 13 present, I may tell you what she said : ' ' Father, let me go with you ; let me beg forgiveness for you from her whom you caused to make such a bitter sacrifice !' ' So we all came — the good woman, who would not be parted from Cathleen, and the boy, Bartley Donovan, who would not remain after us — and we reached Dublin, to find nobody there who wanted us ; we came on then to Dhrotumacohol, and before we got as far as this we heard everybody full of Mr. O'Donoghue's release, and the rumour that his estate was to be restored to him, and how Miss M'Carthy, that was, was no longer even tho daughter of Eick of the Hills, but a Miss Berkeley ; though the people, who thought they knew so much, did not seem to know any more than just these bare facts. They were enough, however, to tell me thai; justice had beon done, and I came here with a lighter heart ; and now ' — he would rise and face them all, — ' I have a few explanations to make for my own peace of mind : I'll not dwell on the influence that Carter had upon me — I'll not tire you with telling of the re morse which tormented my conscience through all that dreadful time — perhaps Father O'Connor has told you a little of it — but I must say this i Father Meagher '—he turned more immediately to the priest, — it wasof Cathleen I thought ; it was of my love ' when I sought to excuse my claiming of Miss M'Carthy as my daughter by saying that it was the love for my child which drove me to it, and when I, seeing you touched and won by my plea, made it stronger and wilder, it was not a lie— I told you no falsehood— for for Cathleen that I spoke. Aed afterward, not to be guilty in the sight of Heavan of allowing a touch of her pure hands upon me, she herself can tell you how I commanded her never to rest even her fingers upon my arm. God, however, had His own blesaed way of rewarding her goodness. Her devo tion to mo, her kindness, oven when I reud loathing and horror in her eyes, were break ing my heart ; her efforts to reform me so touched my soul that many a time, when nothing else would stop mo, the thought of her face, the memory of. hei1 words, kept mo from drowning my misery in drink. And at last, when Father O'Connor came to us, when he said to me at parting such words that they seemed as if ho had read my heart. 1 took desperate courage and determined to fling off my burden ; there was little use in waiting longer for Carter to redeem his word, and re store to me Cathleen ; my heart misgave me that Cathleea was dead, and that Carter would not tell me, knowing that in that case hia chief influence over me would be de stroyed. I went to Father O'Connor, and you know the result. I feel now that my daya are numbered ; but my peace is made with God, aad when all of you, whom I have so cruelly injured, assure me that you forgive me, I have nothing more to ask.' He turned to Marie, and before oho could « yivvvub nun, no \vu,u Kuommg n.i nw iuot. ! Everybody was crying : oven Father Meagher, though he sought to conceal his emotion by shaking his head and pretending that the use of his handkerchief was only to j remove the perspiration. Carroll O'Dono ghue, who stood beside Marie, instantly stooped with her to raise the suppliant. 'Dear Eick/ paid Marie softly, ' my part, my sacrifice, have been little compared with your noble repentance !' A smile of ineffable joy broke over hi3 face, and motioning to Cathleen to draw near, he put her hand in that of Marie, saying to tho latter : ' May I ask you to be her friend P' Mario's answer was a warm embrace of the young fragile girl. Tighe a Vohr had hoard from Moira some thing of the strange scene in the parlour ; she had contrived to remain when she re turned with the drink which her uncle had ordered for Eick, but which the latter had forgotten to take, though it had been placed beside him. And Tighe, when lie had heard sufficient from the priest's niece to know that Eick was craving forgiveness, ventured him self to the parlour door and asked permis sion to add a little to Kick's statement. The permission was willingly given, and then, in his own peculiar, but none the less interesting, manner, he told of the way in which Eick had intercepted Carter's plan for Carroll's mook release. I told you I'd not forget that good turn,' he said, as a sort of explanation to Eiek, ' and I think I can swear that the young master will not forget it either.' ' Indeed you can, Tighe ! ' And Carroll O'Donoghue was again supporting Eick, and warmly shaking his hand. ' You shall live with me, Eick,' he said ; ' your home, your happy home, with Cathleen at its head, shall be upon our estate, and neither you nor yours shall ever want for anything again.' ' Surely, God is too good ! ' murmured the poor fellow, looking about him with, eyes swimming in grateful tears. All were to dine in the little pastoral resi dence, and Clave, when the joyful excite ment had somewhat subdued, stole into the kitchen to assist Moira. Nora would have followed, but Carroll intercepted her, insist ing that she should repair to the study to listen to some communication from him. She entered reluctantly, and he, closing the door, leaned against it with folded arms. ' Now, Marie, I insist upon a straightfor ward answer. We have both gone through too much to trifle with our happiness longer. In a fortnight work will begin upon the estate, and the dear old home will be speedily renovated. When that is done, will you be come vnj wife P' She did not spoak ; instead, her bosom heaved, and her eyes filled with tears. 'Answer me, Marie!' he said in' an alarmed tone. ' Surely there is nothing now to prevent?' She answered slowly : ' 1 would not have your wife one who ia stained with tho dia grace of her mother.' 'Is that all P1 he exclaimed joyfully. ' Marie, did you think this heart of mine could give you up for anything in this world ? It is you I want— you, as you are, with your own pure heart and noble mind, regardless of what those may have beon from whom you have sprung ; further, I deem tho innocence of your mother to bo firmly established. Are you satisfied P' ' Yes,'— placing her hands voluntarily in his — ' but I have a request to make.' ' Speak, dearest ; it is granted before you utter it.' ' That you defer our wedding.' His face fell ; he had not dreamed that such wao to be the purport of her boon. ' There is no need for haste,' she said ; ' wait, and busy yourself with the improve ments you havo planned on the estate, I have a hope that something will happon to convince Lord Heathcots of my mother's innoccHce, and I would bring to tho altar with you a name as unstained as your own is.' It was useless for him to remonstrate or entreat ; the utmost to which she would yield was not to delay the wedding longor than a year. ' And in the meantime,' he asked, ' what will you do P ' ' Continue to live hero with Father Moagber and Moira; 1 thought of go ng to Father O'Connor, now that ho is really my brother, you know, — speaking playfully,— ' but his reverence, in answer to the letter which I wrote him to thab ellleofc, disap proves of the plan — he says it is better to let nis parishioners remain ignorant of his changed identity, especially as Lord Heath cote could not be quite convinced that he was ; his son. So as I could not goto him known as his sister, why, I shall remain as I am, and he will be still plain, humble Father O'Con nor.' ' . Carroll shook his head'. ' Clare and I shall;' remove to the old home as soon as it is pre pared, and your homo shall be with us,. as it ' always has been.' ' No, no, Carroll, you must let me have my own way in this matter ; and after when Pro vidence designs to permit our union, I shall be as obedient as even you can wish me to be.' He was forced to be satisfied. That very afternoon Carroll, accompanied by Father Meagher, sought for a cottage which might form a temporary homo for Eick ; and his family ; and one was secured not a nre.it distance from the little pastoral resi dence. Thither, after an interval of two days, during which Carroll had it repaired and neatly furnished, the little family re- . moved. Sullivan had grown alarmingly weak, even ? more so when hs learned from Father Meagher — the latter being obliged to tell him because of Eick's own earnest questions — that, had he reached Dublin in time to .; give his evidence to Lord Heathcote, the latter might havo been convinced of the in-r noceneo of his wife. ' 1 shall endeavour to get to London,' he ' said. ' I shall compel his lordship to believe ' mo/ ; . But the priest well knew that his journey would be cooner to the bourno beyond the grave than the one ho contemplated. And so it proved to be. From tho moment he entered the pretty little cottags he was scarcely able to leave hia bed ; everybody ; vied with Cathleen in ministering to him — even the neighbours, who could not cease to wonder at the strange fact of Eick's new daughter, as they called Oathieen ; but next to Cathleen'o own tender hand, Eick liked to have Tighe a 'V'ohr about him ; the simple fellow, gentlo and kind as a woman, had won the poor sick man's heart, and to Tighe, when Siok's strength would permit, he loved to talk of all the recent strange events, and to doploro his absencs from Bublia at a time . when his evidence might have done so much.' In that way Tighe learned all about Lord Bfeathcofco's refusal to make any public acknowledgment of his children, owing to Carter's denial of hig guilt of the past, and with hia natural shrewdness, he divined the causa of ©earner's (or Berkeley's) absence, and on the day on which he was thus enlightened by his reflections, he vented his feelingo to Shaun, when the t^o were out on the country road : ' So, it' a that old baste of a Carter thats' the manes of kaping Miss O'Donoghue and that noble-hearted Englishman apart ! — it's a . wonder the lightning of Heaven doesn't strike the old vagabond and make him con fiss ! How and iver, it's a long lane that has no turn, and mark me words for it, Shaun, bui he'll be ketched in a noose of his own making yet !' (lobe continued.') 