Sftctcbcr. ? Black Bess. ? Bt Mbs. M. L. Rathe. Wai it ft dream f ' k We certainly did not think so at the time, nor bare I, ir all the years tbat bare gone by since, had occasion t* change my: mind about it. In-, deed, the conrlction .that it iraa not a dream -bas grown with my : growth and strengthened with ny Btrongth,,and the prominenee which it assnmes a? a yarb of the erenti of the past confirms, and rub* tains that eonrietibn. ^ ' 1 JIf 'not a dream, \ , ; 1 ? ' people of abnormal temperament iaVMch pheno mena are recurrent and- nnexplaiDable.0T::7#u may not be able to see ghosts in disembodied[spiritf with jour 'natural , 'Bight, bat -when! the friend .of years tells yon- with,. th» nost solemn;.. «sserera« tions.that some ooe long flinee dead has ; appeared, to, him .im fcoiilr ahape,;will yon dare demy hie word-' or aflftna tbatitwas a qelnsionf ' TUe.eyes are wonderful mediuins of yisiohi and the spnl U' am occnH- philosopher j a'n^j V' 'There are more lhiigs in Heafwi' And jdirth, ? '',H6ratie,7V'--: ? ? v '? Than are dreamt of ia yonr: pbiloiopky.' ; The Bcoteh' people arc balierers im'stocad eight. liy m»th« ww a'U*Ml(-Moomda*t; e-^ eti -:SebtehHCotenantefs, a prand, strong woman, with' oat (apparently) a weakness of MDtiaent er euper ?stitlen. How gloriously she whipped us when we wero boys, net in a temper, like a virago, but 'With the calm force of a Spartan mother, until wo had learned to abhor lies and tale-bearing, and were able to conquer effectually the large deposit ef the old Adam whieh muddled ear ikeral natures, , IT* rerta lafgv family, ene ef the elA-fashiefteA kind, reftilar amfl aaarttene as Atepe to a stair* .Wkoa «y elder filter vm SMrried and liriag at keme I wae a little fellew hi remmdabeute, aad I ?ftea thengkt— with oerhaM a sllgkt ttmfe ef lie salisfaetiem— tkaft It vti lite fairlmf *»IW» atenee. . . ? ? Hext te my ilittr eiai Ae pride aid menef e- otrfanlly, Boderlel^ aiy eldest brether. . Ke wai a tall, falr-kalrei l»d of Ht,.Hkefa team of tke werjMl it all l(i ware. He was etr iiailnesa head, slaeeiay father's dealt. . Kt father wai a iadalster-f tke^ ^old kirk, and preaeaed till he died; Itodirlek was te'Vare'tieem a AinUter, teoi bat ke alwaye: laid me \ tke werld's work wae best Jo? kirn; amditw^s rrkem ke was deing kis boat werk Im tke katlmeH ranks, kiylng and sell-; Ing and aakihg a eleam keap ef Ateaey to add ^e ?Ike old estate-— well lalekt we yeanget enei'ke proud of ew kraw elder vrothcr ; amd.tkea, it was, metberhad her dream. I ? . . - j . But it a dream f ' . ; ?! : . Oar mother was met a dreatmer, Mat did we kai ^ «UV4 nfhM va rbalil sit akoat her im tke ^eamiac akd keg her* ' 0 tell ms ; eerie stbriee ef fetekes and ap|«arant«i, rat she merer did, deriarlmg all seek feolUk osslp'' at pemleiou' te eur mnds. fo'she -imng is herole songe imstead, or reelted tke tallant !eede of her ancestors em the Aeld ef. Jlodden;,er old us 1 Bible stories tkat were like remaneeslas he related therm lm kir stern, deep roise and ommandljig manner amd strong Stetek idieift. . But as often as we dared, ene er anotksr would ummon courage to say la the half dlaleet we ised in the family :''1 Mither, tell ms wkat ye saw rhin fayther deed.' , ! Then hfcr eyes wenld glow like two lire oeplfl [eop'inher head, -and her voice wisuld soand.as f it came frem seme great distance, and ske reold.say in that still, soft way that has some thing hushed and AwJfal-im it : 'Te'U no remember the day, Bmt te a&e;^t's as ilear as.yestreem, I waur biding at keme alone, for 'ou, Allan; waur a.W. It wamr a Sabbath, amd | rour f ajther prcaehed as ke aye' did at Orde^uill Cirk. and it waur net time for them to be baek rhin I loeklt eut and law vour fathet eeoim up he hill; he waur pale 'as death, an' Ithoehtit rahr hit. , last eiekmess,* ke leokit tkat ghostly ThiW ' . .- ? ? 1 ' An* .thin, mither t ' we womld hrnrry fc* with, is she stopped and leoked down. V There V nothing more to tell,' ike wonld say Tearily. . '.'It waur no your fayther at all; he lied i' th' pulpit, a half, heur afterward, wi'out a rerd of warning. 'WhaVI saw come np the walk tnd which neror eaihe im at the door wamr his rralth come'te gire me warnin'. Kow, childriem, -in awa', and rex me*me mairs' When ye yonngor ernes speke te Hoderiefc about t he always said mother was orertired amd ireamed that, bat we bad met settled it in our -wn minds when what follows happened. Roderick had been away for' a week ea some business of land selling fce was engaged in,- and we iter e expecting him home om a Saturday night in lime for' sup^or with the family. But he did mot some, .and we wer6 all mere disappointed tham we jared to ewn; . : ' Mother did net say muoh, bmt ;she ooked worn and pat oiit; Her roem was k small bedroom off the liring room, ' and she lefl a kot'dre taking, /for the night was cold and dreary, knd the knew Roderick , wonld be wet with the heary rrinterrfog that hung orer srerything without, ffe did not lock er . bar the deor, a precaution, in* ieed, that we seldom took, and expeetingto see Roderick in tke morning, we all west to bed to Bieet 'again at the breakfast table. . ' ' That morning imetker was late, a Aeet ineem-- mon thing for her. My sister br.d spoken with, hor, and she was vcttiag her clothes on, se we aU sat around the table with our porridge-bowls be fore us,- and waited for the blessing which began each meal, and without whioh we dared net touch spoon or knife, - I When mother cam* ike looked fcround the. table i and asked quickly : I 'Is mo Bodcrick doem yet ? ' ' ' 'Ho, mither,' said Jinny, 'Boderlek f« na at j home the'morn, sim he did na com yestreen.' ! 'But he did ceom,' laid leather, 'he's mp'yom i now, sleepinV Te need ma distmrb him,' and she I bent her: stately, head Im ita widow's eap and in roked. tkat Messing of, which we bad nerer yet | heard one word. That It was all right we had me ! doubt— we took it apoa tnisK - ' ? : Breakfast was nearly orer,. wh A Uoked at me'ahd said : , 'Rln oep, jUlim, amd wake your. lrttker.' , i My porridge was geod amd I had ' kapped om n . a teaspoon ? of sugar whem my sister tras looking the ether way, so I whined t ; Bind Bobbie, mitbert ke'l fliroagh wl' the Tittles.!',. ; ? ? i ? ' . . f; Mother leoked at me, I rote expeditieusly enough then,' and went mm tke wcll-worm stairs tbtee at a time, whistling the air ef 'Bemmy Xiltneny,'' I them kicked en Itoderiek's doer emeeer twice, ' answer. . Kext I. knocked deeently» and ealledi ! ' Roderick 1 beest i^f ' ' - ' ♦' ; There was dead Bllemce. I epcaed the doo* a little, then wider, ' There was me ono.there, and the bed1 had not beon slept in, . I went down stairs and teld my story; My mother rose up wrathfully amd said in her sternest roiee: 'An* yer'ebeeft trifling m wtmyeuf jacket, JUlan I ' ? But I was net afraid. She did *et did Rod* rick any more than I did, 'Awa' to the barm,' she satd, .ai she eamd down; 'he'll be thero, kappem,' \- But no Roderick was there. ' How coom yo te think as how the lad was at hamef ' asked Jinny, as ske cleared tke table. ' I saw him,' answered -mether, eelemnly ; ' I saw him wi' my twa eea. He coom in «beot twal o* the clock, and I spake wi' him, bnt I mind he dldna answer, , Happen he'e dead, . as his fayther warn ^Ifore hia. Aye, Boderiek, mysom, my soni' All uneonscilsQslr ske used tho patlpte words of King Darid^and we cbildten were thrilled as if a weird prophesy had beem spekem, AU but. Jinny; she was not a roaan(tie young woman, and she had ne superstition; so she said whiles she folded the eloth : ' Te dreamed it, mither.' , . .'Aye ! as.I dreamed about year, faytker, if yi | ;eall that dreaming,' responded motker.V ; ' There he is iiow,' cried Jinny, pointing to the window, ^'eooming up the hill om a gallop. : IUn,- ! children, and open the gate to him.' ' That Roderick I ' I eried, eontemptubuslr. 'f Why, that'e a eoal-black horse, and he' rode away on n serre! mare, Ka^ na, that i» na ma gude.bigbrither,' But indeed it was.. ** I law a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and wared his eap te mother ih. the doorway. , I doeked under her arm— otr motkar was a woman of larp stature— and ran away to| aaoet my brother. ' How good and handsome k« leoked ashe put his hand down to help me on the saddle bow in front of him. ' Mither thocht yon want deed,' wae tiy tret foolish remark. , . Vlfot yet, little brother,' ke said, laughing lightly, ' nor likely te be, pleaee Qcd j ' he doffed his eap as ke spoke. , ? 1 Mothor waited on him at hia late breakfast with hungry eyes, and Jinny piled hp the barley cakes, eaoh one hotter than the other. ' Ton woman folk spoil me,' he nid, between the monthfuls. ' Kow me aln mither, what waur it yie dreamit aboet me t ' - 1 ' It was na a dreem,' said mother. ' 'Ah, noo ye ken it: was/' said the laughing laddie, ' or if it pleases ye to eall it a rislo?^ what waur the rision f ' t ' Te will laugh at me, thin,? said mother, in a low roice, ' but if erer I saw ye alire wi' ma twa een, I saw ye last nicht at; twal o' the eloek as plain as I do noo.' ( ; ; l' 'Aii' what was I doing, . mither t ' We all gathered, wide-mouthed and staring, to hear what mother would say. - - '' ,! . ' I will na say a word/' remarked mother, with eaddon anger, ' if a' body laughs ; ea' it a dream if ye want, bnt listen respectful like, whiles 1 talk.' ... . The Seoieharenot a nation at giggtara. ' In a moment our faees were as set as flint. 'It waur nicht, dark nicht,' began mother, 'and I hed kep' awake Ust4nin',. listenin' for ma boy to eopm, for yon ken it'e the first time' he has evor disappointed -me, an4 ' I expected klm erery moment, happen naufht had gone wramg. I waur wide awake an* watehin* the flre i' the chiar ney-place, and whiles I thoehti *1, hiraraud Whiles I, ,theeht of his faytner ke is ao rera like, an' them the .door opened sudden like, and he walked in and went oep to the tfe. X was'ma surprised am' I did'aa speak yet ; ke took, bff his1 great-ooat, am' I saw it was'na'wct. am' I wondered whit had kept him dree ; hie knnghis eoat or of a chair—ye know it's your way of doim'— ^m' ke took 'off his neekerehief land* hang that em 'the ehair, too/tAm'-8teod ow' tkei eoals aid sblrered; thim I called, 1 Are ye eold, lad ?' and yon nerer apake, 'nor turned yoar head — an' re- were, that pale. I thoeht ye waur faint a' ridim'/', . ! . ) ' And what . beeeue of me or .my donblet ' asked Roderick gaily. . f ' That I canna tell. I knew no .more, for my mind wae easy at you bein' et ham*, cm' I etml til\ laic thU^oiiii . ' That she did,' said Jinny. ' But where waur ton, Roderick, the nicht? ' , 'At Bftilie Blaverhack's, who^ once went a-courtin' onr good mithcrhe'ro whon she waur a slip of a laes'^ IShr mither ?, I'll warranfer'yo can blush yet, like a rose i' tho sun.' ? i 'Te gracalcM ladl 'I'said she, with th4 lore- light ia hct byes as she fallowed bis erery motion, se proud and fond of him iu his brarc manhood, v. 'Arid new, mither, you're often; heard laid ?tkat ene eiery is good till anethcr is teld. . I rede ten miles erer the keathor and braekea te gotkame this morn and kere I am, mot deed at a mer flttia te be. fle yea r'e dream er risien is at fault this time. New, come out all o' ye and see tke brare black steed that is to fill the sorrel mare s place,. Black Boss to a beaaty, and Igotherat an erem dicker.' ? ; ,Y ' ' A. black horse Is an aneannj balit/.' said -my mother, gruefullyi\ . ' 'Looks like V rants at a fun'ral,' interposed .Robbie. . : Whist, M said Jinny, sharply, *' you're enough' to kill^one ia yaur dismal cfarerin'. Gang awv Inte the sunihlnc, and get the black man out of yonr theehts.' ? ' It:. was i a bright morning after the fog, and we thronged eut with a will to iec the new. porchale, mether with father's plaid erer her shoulders, , the. rest of us bareheaded and full ef(pranks. Roderick Much white te tHe balls ef her eyes, and her sleek tars, laid well baek.' Prancing and curveting, she went the rounds ef the yard, 'Roderick holding the halter strap with a Arm 1 grip. Suddenly Blabk less casta shoe,/'' ,;..i ' Pick it up.for luek,'.' whispered Robble- , ; . ' Take the halter, Allan, said Roderick. I was mortally afraid of the. towering beast, but mere afraid to. disobey my brother,, and I stepped np gingerly and held the halter while the uncanny creature sniffed at me snspiciously. Roderick stooped at that moment' to pick' up the shoe. He was laughing, mayhap, at my SAcrcd face, for the black brute gire a lunge, a riolent kick, and landed me on the wood-pile. Then she i rushed to the barn. Iscrabblcd down and ran up to Roderick. The shoe was in his hand, he waa still smiling, but there was a settling in all bis limbs, and In a moment he lay in a heap at our feet, dead — aye, dead, and the smile frozen on his face 1 . . It .was so awfully sudden that we eould not . at first beliere it, and eren when they told us. that the imprint of that brute beast's foot was found orer' his heart we hoped against hope that ;he might surriro All but mother. I am' an old man and my hair is; lint white, but I'll nerer for get* no neror, how she stood and looked- at ; lum without a tear or a ligh, and said to herself orer and orer : . ? ? ' It waur na dream 1 It waur na dream I ' ; — Detreil Free Press. 