MEMS. FROM THE HAUNTED STREAM, (BY THE OTHER VAGABOND.) A couple of earthquakes at last! These phenomena are paying attention to this part of Victoria with remarknble regularity lately. On Saturday, the 12th inst., a severe shock was felt here about 1.45 p.m., accompanied by a loud noise like distant thunder, and on Sunday, the 13th, I happened to be at the local store conversing with Mr. George Reid when a whirring noise like an advancing storm of high wind attracted our attention. Almost instantaneously the tinware rattled, the timber of the house creaked, a cross legged chair began to oscillate as if mounted on invisible rockers, and I perceived a singu- lar vibration or tremor of the earthen floor. Simultaneously we cried out "An earth quake !" In a few seconds it was followed by, if anything, a more palpable and distinct quivering. Again we chorused "Another !" This time we did a 2-10 clip for the open air, but Reid being a smart amateur ped., he beat me by about a thousandth part of an inch. At this moment four men without hats came tumbling out of a neighboring hut. Some of them roared out to us" Did you feel the earthquake" Earthquake be hanged" says one, ." It is one of Hammill's waggons which has upset with some of the Hans machinery !" (and was supposed to be within about seven miles of here). This was altogether too thin for the audience, and the young man was told to "shut up." Sitting on a log hard-by was a blue-eyed, pensive youth of intelligent mein, and wear- ing a "fall-off- the-bus" hat, He gravely informed us that in the dead of night he has heard strange noises about his hut, which was a hundred yards or so from where we stood. On one particu lar occasion the noise was terrific, the mountain opposite seemed to vomit huge boulders, and groan as if suffering the throes which a good motherly mountain would most likely undergo in case there was a young mountain on the tapis. He told us how he has examined the spots where these repeated noises emanated from; only to find every- thing in its natural fonrm, not even a blade of grass nor a pebble disturbed. But what im- pressed him most of all he said, were the radiantly beautiful lights he observed at various times floating in the air around and about his camp. These "beautiful lights" as he termed them, assumed all shades of dazzling colors, and assorted shapes and sizes, with a gradation of luminosity of a wax match and a fifty candle power electric light. We all said it was a very extraordinary ex perience, but he said it was of frequent oc- curence with him to observe such lights. I remarked that some scientists hold that at mospheric phenomena are closely connected with active telluric forces, and I was about to launch out some crushing sentences relative to meteorology and terrene convulsions, but the young man quietly stopped me, by say ing the lights he observed were not to be accounted for by mere scientific deductions, and said he, although I can't account for them appearing, yet" I know what they are."' He repeated this with such emphasis, that I determined on questioning him further, but was interrupted by the arrival of a horseman from Ensay. This was Mr. W. Johnston, he said he had not felt the quake, but his com- panion, Mr. John. Radcliff, who was riding some distance behind perceived it. Little did we imagine then that Mr. Johnston carried in his pocket "a quiescent earth- quake," but which burst into activity exactly at 8 o'clock on Monday morning, 14th inst. Its disastrous effect was entirely confined to the Ernestine mine and its surroundings. It has had the effect of silencing the battery, stopping all work in the mine for an indef- nite period, and all hands being pressed into the service of the unemployed. In plain lan- guage, the Ernestine mine is at a stand- still; the continued dry weather and the resultant scarcity of water is the cause of the stopage. It is only temporary, as the mine will be again vigorously worked so soon as the water will permit the wheel to play the quadrile which the stampers will dance to a 75 stroke time music. It is a great pity, as the miners were all thorough good men, and it will be difficult to get such a team together again. The Hans machinery is again in transitu, Mr. Hammill of Sale, being the contractor for the second time. The frosts here are exceptionally severe this winter. If the Government had caused the track to be continued up stream when I drew attention to it some months ago, the severity of the weather would not stop some of the now unemployed miners propecting the head waters of this stream ; as it is, it would be sheer madness to attempt it. There was ample time, and money voted for the purpose. Why has it not been undertaken ? Who is responsible ? Where are our Ms.M.B. ? And who is Whitelaw? Pshaw ! Pooh ! 'Tis ridiculous ! Why should such an urgently required work of public utility be so shame fully burked, and why are we compelled to be eternally urging, begging, praying (and I regret I can't say kicking) officials to do the plain, honest duty they are paid to perform. Ah ! we now miss with a vengeance the M.M.B whose indefatigable exertions have caused more works of public usefulness (tracks especially) to be undertaken and completed than any man who has ever sat at that board. I refer to Mr. Henry Foster, late member for Omeo. His career as a mining board man, and chairman, is a bril- liant example of talented capacity and in- telligent industry, combined with a praise worthy, honest zeal for the public good. Had he been a memtber at the last sitting, I don't think it would have been left to a Crooked River man to propose a loose bag for the Tambo Crossing, ; It would have been a post-office would be asked for, and what is really urgently required at this place. Speaking o post-office business reminds me I wrote to an esteemed friend in Omeo pr post on the 12th inst. I received an answer next day. His letter was dated the 11th, acknowledging the receipt of mine? This beats almost electro-biology, and I can only account for it by the earthquake pas- sing through Omeo, as it was heading in that direction when I last saw it. It seemed to come from S.W., and was doing a swift thing in a north-easterly direction. By the way, I must finish about "the beautiful lights" referred to, I interviewed the young man privately, and he admitted he was a spiritist. he related most extraor- dinary seances he witnessed, and which I could see he honestly believed in. He said the lights he referred to were the spirit of a murdered man. He himself was not a medium. Although he possessed a certain power, it was of a too limited a nature to en able him to commune with the disembodied spirits. He expressed himself to the effect that if there was a medium the spirit would tell who he was, and also who sent him vaga bondising about the bush. I always thought there must be a ghost about here. I'm on his trail at last; but I must get a medium. I hereby advertise for a full grown one; liberal terms: female preferred. Apply to THE OTHER VAGABOND. 