THE AN AMERICAN NOVEL. Chapter VII.—Ghostly Counsel, A man whose intelligence is so limited as that cf Sam Sleeny is always too rapid and rash in his inferences. Because he had seen Farnham give Maud a handful of roses, he was ready to believe things about their rela tions that had filled him with fury; and now, because he had seen the same man talking with a beautiful girl and her mother, the con viction was fixed in his mind that Farnham's affections were placed in that direction, and that he was therefore no longer to be dreaded as a rival. He went home happier in this belief than he had been for many a day; and so prompt was his progress in the work of deceiving himself that he at once came to the conclusion that little or nothing now stood between him and the crowning of his hopes. His happiness made him unusually loquacious, and at the supper-table he excited the ad miration of Matchin and the surprise of Maud by his voluble history of the events of the day. He passed over Offifct's visit in silence, knowing that the Matchins detested him ; but he spoke with energetic emphasis of the beauty of the house, the handsome face and kindly manners of Farnham, and the wonderful beauty and sweetness of Alice B elding. •- "Did that bold thing go to call on him alone?" cried Miss Maud, thoroughly aroused by this supposed offence against the pro prieties of life. " Why, no, Mattie," said Sam, a little dis concerted. " Hsr ma was along." "Why didn't you say so, then?" asked the unappeased beauty. "I forgot all about the old lady, though she was more chinny than the young one. She just seemed like she wa3 a-practisin' the mother-in-law, so as to do it without stumblin' when the time comes." " Hullo ! Do yon think they are strikln' a match?" cried Saul in high glee. "That would be first-rate. Keep the money and the property all together. Thero's too many of our rich girls marryin' out of the state lately •—keeps buildin' dull," " I don't believe a word of it," Maud inter posed. " He ain't a man to be caught by a simperin' schoolgirl. And as to money, he's got plenty for two. He can please himself when he marries." "Yes, but maybe he won't please you, Mattie, and that would be a pity," said the ironical Saul. The old man laughed loudly at his own sarcasm, and pushed his chair back from the table, and Maud betook herself to her own room, where she sat down, as her custom was, by The window, looking over the glowing lake and striving to read her destiny as she gazed into the crimson and golden skie3. She did not feel at all so sure as she pretended that there was no danger of the result that Sleeny bad predicted; and now that she was brought face to face with it she was confounded at discovering how much it meant to her. She was carrying a dream in her heart which would make or ruin her, accordiing as it should prove true or false. She had not thought of herself as the future wife of Farn ham with any clearness of hope, but she found she could not endure the thought of his marryiDg any one else and passing for ever out of her reach. She sat there, bitterly ruminating, until the evening glow had diod away from the lake, and the night breeze spread its viewlesss wings and flapped heavily in over the dark ridge and the silent shore. Her thoughts had given her no light or con solation ; her chin rested on her hands, her elbows on her knees; her large eyes, growing more luminous in the darkness, stared out at the gathering night, scarcely noting that the sky she gazed at had changed from a pompous scene of red and yellow splendour to an in finite field of tender and dark violet, fretted with intense small stars, "What shall I do?" she thought. "lama woman. My father is poor. I have got no chance. Jurildy is happier to-day than I am, and got more sense." She heard a timid rap at her door, and asked sharply— "Who's there?" " It's me," said Sleeny 'a submissive voice. J "What do you want?" she asked again, without moving. : " Mr. Bott gave me two tickets to his seance to-night"—Sam called it "seeuns"—"and I thought mebbe you'd like to go." There was silence for a moment. M.vad was thinking—"At any rate it will be better than to sit here alone and cry all the even ing." So she said, "I'll come down in a minute." She heard Sam's heavy step descending the stairs, and thought what a different tread another person had ; and she wondered whether she would ever " do better" than take Sam Sleeny; but she at once dis missed the thought. "I can't do that; I can't put my hand in a hand that smells so strong of sawdust as Sam's. But he is a good soul, and I am sorry for him every time I look in the glass." Looking in the glass. 03 usual, restored her good humor, and she started off to the ghostly rendezvous with her faithful atten dant. They never talked very much when they were alone together, and this evening both were thoughtful. Maud had never taken this commerce with ghosts much to heart. She had a feeling, which she could hardly have defined, that it was a common and plebeian thiDg to believe in it, and if she ever heard it ridiculed. she joined in the cry without mercy. But it was an excitement and an interest in a life so barren of both that she could not afford to throw it away. She had not intelligence enough to be dis gusted or Ehocked by it. If pressed to explain the amount of her faith in the whole business she would probably have said she thought "there was something in it," and stopped at that. In minds like hers there is no clearly drawn line between the unusual and the supernatural. An apparent miracle pleased her as it would please a child, without setting her to find out how it was done. She would consult a wizard, taking the chances of his having occult sources of information, with the same irregular faith in the unlikely with which some ladies call in homoeopathic prac titioners. All the way to the rooms of Bott she was revolving this thought in her mind—"Per haps he could tell me something about Mr. Farnham. I don't think much of Bott; he has too many knuckles on his hands. I never saw a man with so many knuckles. I wouldn't mention Mr. Farnham to him to save his life, but I might get something out of him without telling him anything. He is certainly a very smart man, and whether it's spirits or not, he knows lots of things." It was in this mood that she entered the little apartment where Bott held what he called ghis " Intermundane seances." The worn was small and stuffy, A simulacrum of a chest of drawers in one corner was really Bott's bed, where the seer reposed at night, and which, tilted up against the wall during the day, contained the rank bedclothes, long innocent of the washtub, There were a dozen or so of cane-bottom chairs, a little table for a lamp, but no other furniture. At one side of the room was a small closet without a door, but with a dark and dirty curtain hung before its aperture. Around it was a wooden rail ing, breast high. A boy with a high forehead, and hair combed behind ears large and flaring like those of a rabbit, sat by the door, and took the tickets of invited guests and the half dollars of the casuals. The seer received everybody with a nerveless shake of a clammy hand, showed them to seats, and exchanged a word or two about the weather and the " con ditions," favorable or otherwise, to spiritual activity. When he saw Maud and Sam his tallowy fsoe flushed in spots with delight. He took them to tho best places the room afforded, and stammered his pleasure that they had dome. " Oh, the pleasure is ail ours !" said Maud, who was alwayB self-possessed when she saw men stammering. "It's a great privilege to get so near to the truth as you bring us, Mr. Bott." The prophet had no answer ready; h8 merely flushed again in spots, and some new arrivals called him away. The room was now pretty well filled with the unmistakeable crowd which always attends such meetings. They were mostly artisans, of more intellectual ambition than their fellows, whose love of the marvellous was not held in control by any educated judgment. They had long serious faoes, and every man of them wore long hair and a soft hat. Their women were generally sad, broken spirited drudges, to whom this kind of show was like an opera or a ball. There were two or three shamefaced believers of the better class, who scoffed a little, but trembled in secret, and a few avowed sceptics, young clerks on a mild spree, ready for fun if any should present itself. Bott stepped inside the railing by the closet, and placing his hands upon it, ad dressed the assembly. He did not know what peculiar shape the manifestations of the even ing might take. They were in search of truth; all truth wa3 good. They hoped for visitors from the unseen speers; ho could promise nothing. In this very room the spirits of the departed had walked and talked with their friends ; perhaps they might do it again; he knew not. How they mingled in the earth-life he did not pretend to say; perhaps they materialised through the mejutn; perhaps they dematerialised ma terial from the audience which they rematemlised in visible forms; as to that, the opinion of another, he said with a spacious magnanimity, was as good as his. He would now request two of the audience to step up and tie htm. One of tho long-haired ruminant men stood up, and a youag fellow, amid much nudging and giggling among the scorners, was also forced from his chair. They came forward, the believer with a business like air, which showed practice, and tho young man blutk:rg and ill at ease. Bott took a chair inside the curtain and showed them how to tie him. They bound him hand and foot. The believer testified that the binding was solid, and the sceptic went to his seat,°p1ay fully stepping upon the toes of his scoffing friends. Ttie curtain wa3 lowered and the lamp was turned down. In a few moments a scuttling sound was heard in the closet, and Bott's coat caino flying out into the room. The believer pulled back the curtain, and Bott sat in his chair, Ms shirt-3leeves gleaming white in the dusk. His coat was laid over his shoulders, and almost as scon as the curtain was lowered he yelled for light, and was disclosed sitting tied as before, clothed In his right coat. Again the curtain went down, amid a sigh of satisfaction from the admiring audience, and a choking voice, which tried hard not to sound like Bott's, cried out from the closet, " Turn down the light; we want more power." The kerosine lamp was screwed down till hardly a spark illumined the visible darkness, and suddenly a fiery hand appeared at the aperture of the closet, slowly opening and shutting its long lingers. A half-dozen voices murmured, " A spirit hand;" but Sam Sleeny whispered to Maud, "Them are Bott's knuckles, for coin." The hand was withdrawn, and a horrible face took its place—a pallid, corpse-like mask, with lambent fire sporting on the narro w fore head and the high cheek-bones. It stayed only an instant, but Sam said, "That's the way Bott will look in " " Hush!" Baid Maud, who was growing too nervous to smile, for fear of laughing or crying. A sound of sobbing came from a seat to the right of them. A poor woman had recog nised the face as that of her husband, who bad died in the army, and she was drawing the most, baleful inferences from its fiery adjuncts. A moment later Bott came out of tho closet, crouching so low that his head was fcardly two feet from lhe ground. He had a sheet around lii3 neck, covering his whole persoD, and a white cap over his head, con cealing most cf his faco. In this constraiued attitude he hopped about the clear space in front of the audience with a good deal of dexterity, talking baby-talk in a shrill fal setto. "Howdy, poppa! Howdy, mamma! Itty Tudie turn adin!" A rough man and woman, between joy and I grief, were half hysterical. They talked to the toad-iike mountebank in the most endear ing tones, evidently believlDg It wa3 their dead baby toddling before them. Two or three times the same horrible imposture was repeated, Bott never made his appearance without somebody recognising him as a dear departed friend. The glimmering light, the unwholesome excitement, the servile credulity fixed by long habit, seemed to produce a sort of passing dementia upon the regular habi tues. With these performances the first part came to an end. The light was turned on again, and the tying committee were requested to come forward and examine the cords with which Bott seemed tightly bound. The sceptic remained scornfully in his seat, and so it was left for the believer to announce that not a cord had been touched. He then untied Bott, who came out from the closet, stretchiDg his limbs as if glad to be free, and announced that there would be a short intermission for an interchange of views. As he came toward Maud Sam |roso and aaic— , , . T,„ "Whew! he smells like a damp match. III go out and smoke a minute, and, came back." Bott dropped into the seat which Sleeny had left. To one who has never attended one or these queer cenacula, it would be hard to comprehend the unhealthy and even nau seous character of the feeling and the con versation there prevalent. The usual decent restraints upon social intercourse seemed removed. Subjects which the common con sent of civilised creatures has banished from mixed society are freely opened and discussed. To people like the ordinary run of the be lievers in spiritism, the opera, the ballet, and the annual Zola are unknown, and they must take their excitements where they can find them. The dim light, the unhealthy com meice of fictitious ghosts, the unreality of act and sentiment, the unwonted abandon, form an atmosphere in which these second hand mystics Host away into a sphere where the morals and the manners are altogether different from those of their working days, t Miss Matchin had not usually joined in these morbid discussions. She was of too healthy an organization to be tempted by so rank a mental feast as that, and she had a sort of fierce maidenhood about her which revolted at such exposures of her own thought. Hut to-night she was sorely perplexed. She had been tormented by many fancies as she looked out of her window into the deepening shadows that covered the lake. The wonders she had seen in that room, though she did not receive them with entire faith, had somowhat shaken her nerves ; and now the seer 3at beside her, his pale eyes shining with his own audacity, bis lank hair dripping with sweat, his hands uneasily rubbing together, his whole attitude expressive of perfect subjection to her will- , , . "Why, isn't this a good chance?-' sue thought. "He is certainly a smart maa. Horrid as he looks, he kno ws lots, Miybe he could tell me how to find out." She began in her airiest manner— Oh, Mr. Bott, what a wonderful gift you have got! How you must look down upon us poor mortals!" Bott grew spotted, and stammered— "Far from it, Miss Matchin. I couldn't look down on you." . "Ob, you're flattering. Taat's not right, because I believe every word you say—and that ain't true." _ She rattled recklessly on in the same light tone. "I am going to ask you something very par ticular. I don't know who can tell me, if you can't. How can a young lady find out whether a young gentleman is in love with her or not ? Sfow tell me the truth this time," she said, with a nervous titter, "'for it's very important." The question from any one else would not have disconcerted Bott in the least. Queries as absurd had frequently been put to him in perfect good faith, and answered with ready and impudent ignorance. But at those giggling words of Maud Matchin he turned livid and purple, and his breath came heavily. There was room for but one thought in that narrow heart and brain. He had long cherished a rather cowardly fond ness for Maud, and now that this question was put to him by the agitated girl, his vanity would not suffer him to imagine that any one but himself was the subject of her dreams. There was to him nothing es pecially out of the way in this sort of in direct proposal on the part of a young woman. It was entirely in keeping with the general tone of sentiment among the people of his circle, which aimed at nothing less than the emancipation of tho world from its old fashioned decencies. But he would not answer hastily; he had a coward's caution. He looked a moment at the girl's brilliant color, her quick high breatbiDg, her eager eyes, with a gloating sense of his good luck. But he wanted her thoroughly committed. So he said, with an air in which there was already something offensively protecting— " Well, Miss Matchin, that depends on the speer. If the affection be unilateral, it is one thing; if it be recippercal, it is another. The currents of soul works indifferent ways." " But what I mean is, if a young lady likes a young gentleman pretty well how is she going to find out for sure whether he likes her? She went intrepidly through these words, though her cheeks were burning and her eyes would fall in spite of her, and her head was singing. . There was no longer any doubt m Bott's mind. He was filled with an in solent triumph, and thought only of delaying as long as possible the love chase of which he imagined himself the object. He said slowly and severely— "The question is too imperious to b8 answered in haste. I will put myself in the bands of the sperruts, and answer it as they choose after the intermission." He rose and bowed, and went to speak a word or two to his other visitors. Sam came back and took his seat by Maud, and said— " I think the fun is about over. Lass go home." " Go home yourself if you want to," wa3 the petulant reply. " I am going to stay for the inspirational discourse." " Oh my!" said Sam. " That's a beautiful word. You don't know how pretty your mouth looks when you say that." Sam had had his beer, and was brave and good natured. Bott retired once more behind the railing, but took his seat in a chair outside the cur tain in full view of the audience. He sat for some minutes motionless, staring at vacancy. He then slowly closed his eyes, and a con vulsive shudder ran through his frame. This was repeated at rapid intervals, with more or less violence. He next passed his hands alter nately over his forehead, as if he were wiping it, and throwing some invisible sticky sub stance, with a vicious snap, to right arid left. At last, after a final shudder, which stiffened him into the image of death for a moment, lis rose to his feet, and, leaning on the railing, began to intone, in a dismal whine, a speech of which we need give only the opening words. " Dear brothers and sisters of the earth life. On pearly wings of gossamer- down we float down from our shining speers to bring you messages of the higher life. Let your earth-soul be lifted to meet our sperrut-soul; let your earth- heart blend in sweet accordion with our heaven-heart; that the beautiful and the true in this weary earth-life may re ceive the balmy influence of tho Eden flowerets, and rise through speers of dis closure to the plane where all is beautiful and all is true." He continued in this strain for some time, to the evident edification of his audience, who listened with the same conventional tolerance, the same truBt that it is doing your j neighbor good, with which the ordinary audience sits under an ordinary sermon. Maud, having a special reason for being alert, j listened with a real interest. But during his speech proper he made no allusion to the sub ject on which she had asked for light. It wa3 after he had finished his harangue, aud had gone through an entr'acte of sighs and shud ders, that he announced himself once more in the hands of the higher intelligences, and ready to answer questions. " It does not need," he whined, "the word of the mouth or the speech of the tongue to tell the sperruts what your souls desire. The burden of your soul is open to the sperrut-eye. There sits in this room a pure and lovely soul iu quest of light. Its query is, How doe3 heart meet heart in mutual knowledge ? Maud's cheek grew pale and then red, and her heart beat violently. But no one noticed her, and the seer went on—" If a true heart lones for another there is no rest but in knowledge, there is no knowledge but in trewth, there is no trewth but in trust. Oh, my brother, if you love a female tell your love! Oh, my sister, if you love—hum—if you love—hum—an individual of the opposite sex —oh, tell your love. Down with the shams of a false-hearted society; down with the chains of silence that crushes your soul to the dust! If the object of your hearts' throbs is noble he will respond. Love claims love. Love has a right to love. If he is base go to a worthier one. But from your brave and fiery heart a light will kindle his, and dual flames will wrap two chosen natures in high-menial melodies, when once the revelating word is spoke." With these words he subsided into a deep trance, which lasted till the faithful grew tired of waiting and shuffled slowly out of the door. When the last guest had gone, he rose from his chair with no pretence of spiritual dignity, and counted his money and his tickets, He stretched himself ia two chairs, drew his fingers admiringly through his lack locks, while a fatuous grin of perfect content spread over his face, as he said aloud to himself—" She has got it bad. I wonder whether she will have th8 nerve to ask me. I'll wait a while, anyhow. I'll lo3e nothing by waiting." Meanwhile Maud was walking rapidly home with Sam. She was excited and per plexed, and did not care to answer Sam's rather heavy pleasantries over the evening's performance. He ridiculed the spirit-lights, the voices, and the jugglery, without pro voking a reply, and at last he said— "Well, what do you think of his advising the girls to pop ? This ain't leap year." "What of that?" she answered hastily. "I don't see why a girl hasn't as good a right to speak her mind as a man." "Why, Mattie," said Sam, with slow sur prise, " no decent girl would do that." They had come to Matchin's gate. She slipped in, then turned and said— " Well, don't be frightened, Mr. Sleeny; I'm not going to propose to you;" and she was gone from his sight. She went directly to her room, and walked up and down a few moments without taking off her hat, moving with the easy grace and the suppressed passion of an imprisoned pan ther. Then she lighted her lamp and placed it on her bureau at one side of the glass. She searched in her closet and found a candle, which she lighted and placed on the other side of the glass. She undressed with reck less haste, throwing her clothes about on the floor, and sat down before her mirror with bare arms and shoulders, and nervously loosened her hair, watching every movement with blazing eyes. The thick masses of her blue-black curls fell down her back and over her sloping shoulders, which glowed with the creamy light of old ivory. The unequal rays of the lamp and candle made singular effects of shadow on the handsome' face, the float ing hair, and the strong and wholesome color of her neck and arms. She gazed at herself with eager eyes and parted lips, in an anxiety too great to be assuaged by her girlish pride in her own beauty. "Tbi3 is all very well," she said, "but he will not see me this way. Oh! if I only dared to speak first! I wonder if it would be as the sjflrita said. ' If he is noble he will respond !' Be is noble, that's sure. 'Love claims love,' they said. But I don't know as I love him. I would, if that would fetch him, q ii.k enough; and the hot blood came surging up, covering neck and brow with crimson. 