AN OLD CHUM'S EXPERIENCES , OF THE EARLY DAYS. By R. P. WHITWORTH. "Yours must have been a strange life, take it altogether, I should say," said I to my old crony, Joe Pennythorne, as we sat together last Christmas Day after dinner, smoking on the verandah. The goose had been a prime one, the roast beef the best of its kind, the plum pudding, well too rich, if anything, and tho bottlo of port, fit, as Thaakcray aptly puts it, for tlio gills of a bishop. Yho young folks had gone for a walk on the beaoh, for tuo day was a lovely ono, and tho fresh sea breoze was pleasant on that hot midsummer's afternoon. My wifo was indulging in forty winks, the reward of a good dinner and a good oon- soienco, and Joe and I sat, as I have said in tho vorandah, shaded from tho afternoon sun by a thick soroen of pink flowering doliohos, smoking our pipes, and -ohatting about old times and tho -many changes wo had soon sinoo wQ first met vears ago on tlia Turon dig gings, for Joo and I had boon mates in thoso rough and ready days, and although oiroum stanccs bad soparated us for years, bad scon many ups and downs together. 44 A etrango life," said Joo, 'musingly, emit ting a long whiff of smoke beforo ho spoko. " Well, ves, I daro venturo to say that a good many folks would say bo, if thoy know it. What would you suppose now I waa when I was a youngster ? " I perpotratcd tho old time-worn joke of im agining ho must havo bcon a baby in arms. 44 Well, yes, I suppose I. must," ho roplied, 44 although mind you, I wouldn't swoar that, for I was brought up, or rather, dragged up rough, very rough." It will bo obsorvad that Joo didn't know maoh about the differanco between adverbs and adjeotives, and as for tho rules ot Byntax, I question if he'd ovor heard of them. Still ho, was a clover. fellow, a genius in hia self- taught way, a man rospcoted and ovon looked op to by soientifio men of far greater preten sions as regards moro book learning; no mean artist, to some extent a geometrician, an admirable modeller, a thoroughly praotical ohomist, and, in short, a olovor and oapablo man, as unobtrusivo as ho was olovor, and as modest as ho was capable. I had ventured on our long friendship to say to . him, whon ho had beon tolling ma in his unostentatious wav of somo repairs he hud beon doing to a brokon , pieco of soulptaro whioh lio. spoko of. as an ordinary thing, al though it was such a matter as might have puzzled many a clover .artist, requiring as it did a thorough knowledge of anatomy, 44 Joo, old man, I'vo oftbn thought what d pity.it is that you. didn't reooivo a thoroughly good education. Lord! what a man you might havo boon to bo sura." Ho wavod his pipo, blow away a cloud of smoko and a littlo sigh at tho samo timo, and said, 44 Ah I nobody, knows .that hotter than mo. Whv, I never was at school more than three weeks in my lifo, at twopenoo awook. I'll toll you a littlo about myself if yon liko." 44 1 should liko it of - all things," said I, and so I got hia story, whiohTfoand bo interest-, ing, and withal so njarvqllous, that I venturo to roproduoo it; 44 1 was born in London about flfty-fivo years oiuco, and the first thing I can rccollcot . was having to nurso my younger brother. My fathor was a kind of building contractor, or contractor's foreman, making first-rate wagcB, hardly ovor loss than a pound a day, that is to cay, whon ho did, or would, work, which was only oocaaionnlly, for, although I say it, ho was a brute, who drank all ho oould earn, and often loft my poor mother and us cniiurcn wkuoug iouu or uru. 44 As I told you, I novcr had but threa wcoko' sohooling, for .beforo I was nine yoara of ago I had to go to work at tho buildings, you may think how littlo X waa, whon I toll you that tho bricklayers' labourers used. to carry mo up as high as tUrbo nto.roys in tlioir liods. My fathor used UQually to take my monoy, ond even at that ago I used to walk as muoh asfourorfivo miles at night, through tho mud and rain it might bo, to earn a few ponco thrown Into tho ring by putting on tho glovos for tho ediflcatiop of tho blackguard donizons of a low boxing saloon. ' 44 Ahl it was a hard lifo, but it was either that, or no food maybo, at homo. Woll, there was ono good thing, it taught mo ono thing that I novor forgot, how to tako my own part, and although you know I'd rather run a mile than fight a minuto, it hab stood mqinox- collont stead moro than onco. 44 \ydl, amongot knooks, and kicks, and ouffs, and hardships, I grow up, and was soon counted good at my trado, a plasterer, until, straago to say, at sixtcon (although I lookod moro) I was made foreman over a largo job, at fall mon's wages, Thon, it was I found out thi nccrrpjfy of lenrning to cari iwounts (could barely read and wriiu), bo 1 got an _ old Irish labourer who had bam fairly edn- catcd to tciich too arithmetic, and especially how to meDaara up quantities. 44 1 also used to pay half-n-crown a wook to learn drawing and applied geometry, and to my surprise and delight waB made a mem- . . ber of tho Iloyal Academy, having passed on examination, in tbo construction of. spiral staircases, a'subjeot which, very fortunntaly, t had just beon studying, aod in which I was well up. Then I dcvoicd myself to model- ling, and bccamo looked upon as s4 proficient that I was chosen to go to Osbbrno House,' tlio Queen's rcsidenco in tho lolo of Wight, to superintend some work for Prince Albert, who was a good modeller himself, and very parti cular. Many a lima I've had a chat with h>ni, and a nice affable gcntlomau he was, ; After that I otartcd business on my own account, nnd did fairly .well, until having madoa littlo monoy, nothing woald do f or rao but that I must come oat to Australia, and, mako my fortune at gold digging, about whioh all England was mad nt tho timo. 44 1 novcr shall forget my first night In Mel bourne in 1853. It was a miecrably wet and cold night, and I couldn't get accommodation high or low,' that is, at any rospeetable-look- . ing botol, and as I had over two hundred pounds on mo, I didn't feci inclined to trust myself in any othor. You know the state of Melbourno streets after dark in tliOBO days, and I knew it too that if it had been thought had so muah monoy on mo I should most certainly have been robbed nnd probably murdered, for tho placo waB infested with gangs of ruffians from tho 4 other side,' and with all the riff-raff nnd gaol sweepings of Europo, bo you may imagine that I did nut feel very easy in my mind. However, going along Elizabcth-strcttt, I saw over, a pawn- It.nlra.'a flnn. n nnmn Hmf. fCflmfld fnmillAF. that of Browning, and in I went. To my joy I found that tho worthy pawnbroker was ono who had livod near my father's house, and with whom 1 hnd had many transactions, in which varioos chattels, ranging from fiat- irons to undor- Hncn, figured prominently, flora the obliging pawnbroker took my monoy in plcdgo, and to a ocxtain extent, myself too, for ho allowed mo to stop tbo night in a littlo back room, whoro he carefully locked ms in. However, I calmly pocketed tbo implied sus picion, gi&d; enough to got shelter and safety on any torniB. 44 Lord 1 Lord I What a plaec Melbourne was in those days to be sure. I sometimes half womter if, after all, it can bo true, if it isn't some kind of a wild dream I've had. Tbo mad, mad cxcitcinont, tho wealth, the shameless vice, the crime, tho opon orgies, the restless, reckless, unceasing stir and buatlo. Thorod or bluo-ahirtcd and bronzed and' bearded diggors, driving at full gallop through the streets in opon carriages, accompanied by brazen and blowsy fomalo creatures, resplen dent ia gorgouue silks and velvcta, and - poisoning tho air with profano oaths, and drunken obscenity. Tho magnlfioont stores and ahops, cbeok-by-jowl with rapahacklo shantios, tho crowded bars, tho noisy night auations, tho rush to aaqniro wealth, aud tho grcator rush to squander it. All this stamped . ; Melbourno, tho mushroom Melbourno, ga a placo whoso liko had novor boon seen- before, " and will, in all probability, nevor bo soon . . again. 44 4 1 did not remain loiig in tlio metropolis, - for, although tho very day aftor I had landed, > r had an offer of no less than four pounds a day to work at my, trade— I had not come . . half way round the world to bo a mcohonlc— ' : besides whioh I had made one of . a party of'. ;. . . live of tho ship's passengers ,to try oar for- tanos oa tho gold fields. ; , ; 44 Wo therefore boaglit a dray and- horse,. ... tents, stores, and othor diggers' necessities,; . . ; and started away for tho long, dreary joqrnoy . .. to BaUorat,. where, however, aa wej werq not . vory lucky, we did not stay. lo'ngr boing inoitsd ;v to go farther afield by the oonstant roportpof;- rich fiads, most of thorn without foundation,' . to tho'wcstwaid. . 44 So to the . westward, or rather to tho . north-wcatword wo started, having no partfeur. ; lar plaoo in-view, but with tlio intention of moving onward, prospeoting from time - to , timo as wo thought advisable. At first we ' woro vory unlucky, on account, in all proba- , bility,- of not understanding our business, as' we wero all now chums. . . 14 But after a oouplo of .months spent horo . and thoro, the fickle goddoas smiled on us. , 44 It was in this way. Wo .bad camped , shortly before r sundown ono evening,- rigged tho tent, mado up a fire, had onr supper, and .. . . turnod in for the night, having tied up. our horse to a small gam bush, thoro-bomg.no lnrifn ftvuia rfiaonnfihlr nnn.r.Ifc was flH0..but cloudy, when wo tamed in, but at about mid- . night tho wind .olianged, and brought up ft . terrible storm of rain; with thunder, and lightning. It was one of those siiddon tem- jests that occasionally ooour in tho AutUrolian bush, and tho rain, whilo it lasted, was about tho heaviest I over knew.. - However, wo had tronohed round onr tent, and layfanug and warm enough until morning, when, it being my" turn to make up tho fire, I roso, dweonso- . lately onoagh, 'at daybreak. Tho sky was , dull and gloomy enough and although > tho worst of the raia was pver, there was still .ft nasty drizzle falling. : ; ' 44 Tho first thiugi saw on leaving tho tone , , 'was that onr horeohad got away during th'o night, and this waB not an event calculated to improve one's temper.. From , what I could soo as well as I could make out in the half - light, ho had, probably, hail frightenodby.tha . lighfcning,.draggod tho bush up by tfio- rooks, and- mado -for the diBt'ant tienbor. After a. . /.nctilnF/vhlrt AYnnnditnrn ofno.tioilce.inUQnuit?. - ' and grumbling, 'I'contrived,; by chopping up ou entire porter casa and a sparo candlo bos, to got a fire alight, and sotting on the billy wont back to tho root holc to ree by tho hoof v marks whioh way tho horse had strayed. . 44 By this timo it was daylight, and there I . saw a sight whioh; for the moment, del nay blood running oold, for there in tho. hole I uaw, as tbiokas plumB in a pudding, shining ' out from tho wet soil, nuggets and spooks of the preoiona oro wo had come so far to Book. At.firat I conld not boliovo it. It ecemcd too good to bo true.. Yot thoro it was auro onoagh. Naggots largo, and nuggets small, from tho - uizo of apinhend to that of a boan, a few larger than that, . 44 1 said nothing, but knolfc down in tlio sodden oarth, and in half an hour hud gath ered up a pannikin full from this undoubted 4 jeweller's shop.' Then, and not till, then, did I awake my mates, xnoy woro cross ana cold, and didn't acorn much inclined to move. 4 I'll wako you up prcsoutly, my lads, or I'm much mistaken,1 ' thought I. : ',4 4 Is it raining yot? 'said one. ; \- 4 4 4 Yea.' ' ' \- 44 4 All I billy boiling ?' said anothor.: 11 4 Ye3, and tho horso got flway -daring tho night.' 1 Coniound tho horse and tho rain too.' : 44 4 Don't confound eithor tho horao or. the rain, for both have dono for us what vto couldn't do for oursolv'cs— look hero,' nud with. that I ahowed thorn tho treasure I had piolicd up. . Y. . , i . . 44 Jack Fayno jumped up with a bound t.iat noarly brought tho wot tent down about our. . care, aud the othora did not wait long after him. 44 Wo had struck a patch, and no mistake, for wo could fiud gold, moro or lesfl, in overy part ot tho flat whoro wo triad for it. 44 You may imagitio \yo lost not no tiuio in . marking off our ground, and I was sunt down to Ballarat to scouro it, and to oUoin storca, (CoMTMUHU on BAOIC PiO D.) . . ' You may also imagino that wo wcro not long without company, for the news went- abroad byoomo mystcroua, and unaccountable tolo- graphy Iiko wildfiro, andjin less .than a. week vuoro wcro uvo cuouuana diggers on tuo utuu, and; a township, with stores, hotels, and all tho other appurtenances of a gold field's town- . . ship had Sprung up in tho wilderness, "That was tho start oi the Fiery Creek diggings. . " ' /'Tho asunl stnto of things followed. Bowdyism, blasphemy, drunkenness, con- . tinual fights, formed tno staple of tho devil's . game carried oh Lara morning- to night.' I candidly beliovo that tho Worst lot of thioves; loafors, and ganoral riff-raff. that wan ovor soon on any diggings was that assembled at tho start of. Fiery Creek- Of course thcro were plenty of qaiot, respectable, hard working men thcro too, and thoy, with tho. 'aid of- tho poliqe, and of pnblio opinion (for .'. thoro was such n thing aspnblia opinion ovon there) kept, at least, a semblance of order, nlthongh tho roughs tried very hard to rulo with tho right of might. - . "Thcro .was ono groat slab- stdod, power, fat follow, a Yonkco, who with his mate, a hulking bruto from tho Sydnoy sido, was. tho terror of the camp. Ho was an un. .mitigated holly and a thief to boot, as'aftor ovonts ohowod, and was'nover so happy as when he -was piolcing a quarrel with eomo inoffensive man' who was not his match in strength Or brutality. Ho tried it . on with . mo once ; bat I hadn't sparred ' in the ring at nino years old' for nothing, and boforq ha well know whore ho- was, ho was on 'Ms . book in tho crook with'a cashed cheek, a split nose, and two broken ribs. - His mato didn't . . make any remarks, bat gat him away to thoir tent very quietly. Ha was laid tip. for three wooks, and it was wonderful ' how meek ho was after that. ."Well, wo rcmainod. on the orcek fpur months altogether, and wo did exceedingly woll. ' In fact, wo .wore all rioh men. Most . of onr gold wo hod eont away by tbo esaort,' ; bat- at last thp wandering fit scizad as, and . wo.detcrmincd to start 'or Melbourne, and eco a littlo life. Wo had with us something Hko five hundred ounces of gold, and wo know .perfectly well how dangoroue itwould bo to oarry it with us, and yot wo wnntod, if wo conld,' to.aava the escort. daty. And now cams one of tbo most ourious things I over heard or knew of, a thing whieli, ff I didn't know to be truo, I could hardly boliavo. Jack Payno, who was a earpentor by trado, took tho box off the dray, and on the top of the axle-bed or port of tho shaft under tho box, hang mo if ho didn't out a groove, and in it placed, the' gold wrnppod np in a ohamols leather Uko a sausage, closing np tho holo with a pieeo of wood eo cleverly out as not to allow the joint to bo seen. Tho wheels wero then token off 'for a blind,' as ha said, and oiled, and tho ontira affair bolted togathor again. " Clover, wasn't it ? ' Oh, yea, wonderfully olovor 1 But you shall hear; Wo left Fiery Creek, and being a etrongioh party, and, moreover) being known to bo well armed, wero novor molested, altboogh hardly a doy passed without small parties, or solitary travellers, bcldg stuck up, and robbed or mal treated. In duo couroo wo got to the Eeilor Plains, and camped ono night on tho Toolern Crook." Wo had finished tea, and wcro Bitting yarning round tho fire, when wo wcro aware Of two men' coming towards as. '" ' Good evening, mates," said ono of thorn. . "'Goodovcning.' " 'Going np or down.' "'Just como down, .and hound for Mel- , bourne,' said I. 1 Wo'va jast mado astartfrom Malbonrne,' said the now comer, ' and intended to camp on this orcck, bnt the wheel of our dray . . broko down half a mile down tho road, and seeing your firo, wo came to seo who. yon wero. Wo to left our mates with tho dray.' '".Broke down are you, that's a pity.' '. " « Well yoe, it is a pity. Wo shall have to \- tako the wheel baok over four miles, and it's tho loss-of time we're thinking about.' " '.Wo've got a'nico littlo dray bote,' I said 'wo don't particularly want it;- and wc might mako a deal.il you like, for time is no parti oular objoot to us.' " Well the long nndBhort of it was 'that wo did mako a moke a deal the next day. Wo oxohanged drays, wo receiving twenty pounds . to boot and taking tho broken dray ; not a bad bargain we thought, althqught, ours was a hotter. one though; not so hig as theirs had over been. , "In the course of conversation thoy told us that. thoy -wore not bound for any particular plaoo, and OBked us if we oould lay them on to a good spot, and wo informed them where wo had just eomo from, that wo Lad done woll, . and advised them to try it, and to tako a par- ticular direction if thoy conld not find a spot on tho fiat itself. And eo we parted, they, towards Ballarat, we to-Melbourno. ' " Nowlnovorwaspartioalarly enamoured of . digging life, and ae I had determined to rc- mam in Melbourne, and -had a'protty round . sum of money, I east about me, andatlaBt determined to become a bonifdoe. : 1 found a \- good hotel in the. market, situated opposite tho wharf, and thero I wont into business. It wab not what yon'd oall a first class house, my! principal oustomora being Bailors and lumpers, and diggers arriving by the steamers ; still it paid, -and paid well. ' \- > In duo oourse; and whon they had had their spin, my four mates came to '- mo, having lodgcd.a certain amount of their money in my hands, for a general squaring np, as thoy > thought of making a fresh start. . " ' I wonder how those, chaps nro doing wo sold onr dray to"?'. I said; in tho oourse of goneral conversation. '"Dray I' oxoIaimedJaok Payne, jumping up, and hid face turning whito as a sheet; 'Oh Lord!'. - ' . I What's tho matter,' said -wo surprised.' " 1 Matter,' ha gasped, 1 why don't you re member the five hundred - onnoes wo hid in tbo axle bod.' "Wo stared at ono another ns if wo had oollaativoly seen - a ghost. ..Strango, almost inorodiblo to rolato, hot ono of us had over" thought about it until thatriustant. -How wo oould possibly have forgotton it, I know not; but wo- had. There was; no mistako 'about that. It was gone, five hundred ounces, say \- two thousand pounds in round numbers, four hundred ponnds a man, and all wo had got was twenty pounds, and a dray with a patched whgol. Beoriminationwasoutof thoquostion, becahco wo woro all equally to blamo. There wao no uso in crying over spilled milk; so with ; n regretful sigh, wo wiped it off the slate ' And now, knowing as you do, tho stnto of Viotoria at that timo, comes tho still more in credible part of thq story. My four maths started upBendigo way, I preferring to remain in Molbourno;"but being a sleeping partner in tho concern. I didn't seo thom again for nearly twelvo monthe, and when I did thoy .- staggered mo a little; Thoy droyo down in the ovoning ono day, and ilidn'tsny much that , night about what tlioy had boon doing, al though I oould not help remarldng that thoy hopt eliuekling and laughing, as if eomo groat joko woro under way. . /'Next day wo wero all up early, and Jaok Payne and Bill Thomas asked mo to stop into tho. yard and' look, at tho now horse and dray. . . " 1 Wnythaf/ Ioxolaimed, 'isndnowhoiso, auroly. It's old Boxer, isn't it ?.' ' Tho dray, although ono dray is so much hko another, seemed' strangely familiar, and I said, Good hcavensl you" don't mean to . . say that you've got tho dray back, and tho— ' " Thoy broko into a burst oi laughtor, and BUI Thomas oxplaincd in this wise : " ' Of coureo whon wo left hero wo'd novcr \- no hopes of every seeing either dray or gold again, and had givon it up for a bad job.' -Wo warn't doing much oithor, and had boon ltnooking about Bondigo, Kangaroo .Fiat, Eoglohawk, and so on, till wo got tired. So \- atlastwoetartedfortboMoIvor. Tliosecond day after wo got thero, I was going to tho butoher'a for somo meat, when, what should I seo, tipped up closo to a. holo, but a dray that I IhoughtlTCcogniscd somehow, although it was smothered up in yollow clay. . Says I to Jaok, hero, 'bothered if I don't think that'a ' the; vory dray as wo want.' 'NonBonso,'. says . ho. 'Nonsonso or truo senee,' says I, 'I'm jiggcr'dxf I don't bolicvo it is.' 'Well,' Bays ho, ' that's easily found out. If you think so, go dp -and find- out who's got, it; and whoro thoy got it.' So I went up pormiscous lilio, to the holo, and got talkin. 'I think I've met you atoro somewhere,' says J, to one of tho chaps. 'Wnsyou erorstuck upatKoilor with a broken wheel ? ' Tho ohap ho looks at mo very dryv and Bays ho, 'Yes, wo wag, ond wo was dirootod to go to Fiory Orcck. Wo went, too, and dono woll. I wish I conld find the man ns told us to go there.' ' Would yon know liim if you seo him,' says I ' I would that, and shout the bcst'in the camp far him, too, if it cost mo n. fiver.' So I goes down to Jack, for you know it was Jaok and you ae done ail tho talkin', and ar'st him to stop up. Solm as over the bloko seen him, hooomeS out o' tho holo, and blpw'd if I didn't think- ho was again' for to kiss him; ho was so glad, and' iiord I what » night wo did have, to be sure. Ho wanted us to Bling in with their; party, and raayba"We might, only we had an- 'athergamoon, Lor', what a game it was. Says Jack, saya lie, 1 1 seo you're got tho eama dray we sold yon that day.' ' ' Yes,' saya the obvo, 1 wo was thinking about gcttin' another; a big ger ono if wo' conld, and sollin this. In fact, was goin' into Beadigo to .advertiso in the papors to-morrow.' 'Why for-the matter o' that,' says Jack. ' Wo'vo got your old dray, that's bigger than this, and wo might mako a deal.' So tho long and short of it was that tho ohap scon his mates, and thoy agreed to- change back again, wo givin' thom ton pound on tho bargain, and hero wo aro with tbo old dray back again, And tho bag of gold novor touohcd, 'nor. saspcotcd, and if that's not a etroko of good luok, I'm blessed if I know what is.' "You oan naturally imagino that I was not a littlo gratified at tho fortunato termination oi what had been a serions loss, for, although wo wcro all pretty well in, myself best of all, still tho loss of foar hundred ponnds a man, through a picco of stapid carelessness, or for- gctfnlncss, was .not the sort of thing calcu lated to mako a man feel pleaBcd with him self or his mates, and although wo had made np onr minds, as porforoo wo might, to grin and boar it, still wo all, bad felt inexpressibly chagrined at onr own stupidity. " That was, I may safely say, my first and last oxpcrionco of gold mining, for although I wasslcoping partner for years, tarnishing expe ditions with all necessities and money, and taking a certain risk for my ventarc, I never wont np tho country again. . In faet I may say that, exeopt. one tripos far as Adalaidc, when wo ran nshora and were wrecked on King'e Island, and were caved by tho skin of oar teeth, I'vo hardly over been out of Mel bourne Binca. " Ah well a day 1. times have altered sincq tho old days, whon moAoy was mado freely and epent as freely. In thoso times' a man might bo down in tho dirt ono day, and up in tho etirraps next. Now,- when he's down ho may stop down, it seems to mo. . " Why, I'vo scon tho timo when I'vo got up thoroughly miserable in tho morning becaaso I couldn't find an investment to put my monay into, and I'vo been just as miserable whon I'vo found tho investment and not had the money. All's ona far that. Buthere comes tho Missis to toll us tea is getting ready, my pipe's oat, and I'm getting thirst? with talking, so I propone wo finish my yarn, if yarn you may call it, with a tasto of this ex- cedent brandy nnd water, a capital thing after that padding I dan tell you, and a amoka in tho garden. By that timo the youngsters will havo got homo,' and wo can go inaido and finish tbo ovoning." . And so we did. 