BERNA BOYLE, Br MBS. J. H. RTDDELL. Author of "George Geith," The Senior Partner," Ac. CHAPTER XXIII. " We had better go round by the road," said Mr. Gorman Muir to his companion as he drove slowly out of Ardilaw. " The cross lane will be very heavy after so much rain." "Do you think so?" answered Berna, faintly. She had shrunk into the very smallest possible space, and found it difficult to prevent her teeth chattering as loudly as the spokes of Mr. Muir'a old gig rattled. " Yes ; it will be in a shocking condition," returned Gorman, and then he paused. He did not know what to say next. Precious minutes were flying, and he felt tongue- tied. With any other girl he would have found plenty to talk about. He had driven girls home before that night, and could not remember that tiie conversational well ever dried up—but now it seemed frozen. Ah! the moonlights, and the twilights, and the starlights tnat all came back to memory as he peered forward into the darkness. Evenings on the water — evenings wandering among flowers, while the sound of music floated across the warm summer air—evenings when he looked at downcast blushing faces and upturned laughing eves, and words were not lacking, or, for that matter, looks either ; and now—he felt stricken dumb. But faint heart, as we know, never won fair lady—added to which it was manifestly impossible two persons could drive steadily through the night and never exchange a syllable. Accordingly, though the voice in which he spoke sounaed strange to his ears, Gorman began— " I am glad, Miss Boyle, to have at last an opportunity of apologizing for frightening you so much the first time we met. The matter has been a weight on my conscience from that evening till this hour," "I was more startled than frightened, I think," Berna answered. " Yet you have not walked there since." he said, and unconsciously he leaned a little towards her, and his voice took a tenderer tone. "Well, it is scarcely the season," suggested Berna, who, at that moment, would have welcomed any accident that had taken her out of the gig. " That is true, he answered. " When the fine weather comes again I trust you will not let the memory of my unfortunate intrusion prevent your taking what I should imagine must be a pleasant strolL" " I do not know where we may be when the fine weather comes again," said the girl, ignoring the implied question concerning the delight of wandering through Mr. Muir's meadow. "Why, are you thinking of moving? I imagined you were settled here." "Mamma does not like the country. She often speakB of moving .into some town." "Belfast?" •' No; not Belfast. Bangor, possibly. She has friends there—she has none here." " But you, Miss Boyle—you wouldnot wish to leave Clear Stream ?' " I think I should like to go to Bangor," she answered. " I love the sea. He did not know what to say after that— it seemed a complete lout. True, Bangor was not far away, but it could never be the same thing as Drindonald. If she went there, who could predict what might happen? Once again he sat dumb—this time from misery, not shynesB. " I was in hopes that yon would have remained at Clear Stream," hs ventured at last; " it is a pretty little cottage." " Yes ; but it is lonely for mamma," "And for you?" "Ido not mind about that, AU places are much the same to me—now"— " Ah !" he said. " I do not think place has much to do with happiness. I—for in stance" then—" Were you ever in the County Kilkenny, Miss Bovle " No. Our county was Mayo." "I do not know Mayo. I once spent a month in Galway, near Lough Cong, with some people called Vassaleur. Perhaps yoa may nave heard of them?" " Yes, from the Dowager. I mean old Mrs. Boyle. They were friends of hers." She could have added that the families once hoped to be closely allied. A daughter of the house, now a middle-aged spinster, might possibly have been her father's wife but for that unfortunate meeting with Milly Vince, which made such a wreck of his after existence. " Old Mr. Vassaleur was shot one day as he was driving up his own avenue," said Gorman, beating the coverts of his mind in vain for some clever or original remark. " Yes," agreed Berna, to whom every detail of the murder had been familiar for years. " That is what I shall be one day, I expect." " Why?" For the first time Berna's voice had a touch of interest. " Because I have taken Finney's Farm"— •"Who is Finney?" " He was a man who held under the Ardi- Iaws. He had been evicted before Mr. Garnsey bought the land, and when the Ardilaws let the farm to a fresh tenant the house was burnt down about his ears. After Mr. Garnsey got possession he let the land to some one, who put a fresh roof on the house, and ran up the party-walls, and made the place habitable once more. No sooner was that done than the fresh tenant was burnt out, narrowly escaping with his life. For a time Mr. GarnBey cropped the ground himself, but the potatoes were dug cut of the drills and the corn cut green. It has been lying fallow for years, ana now I am going to try my luck." " But is not that foolish ? Some harm may come to you." " If harm does come, who is there to care? In the world I suppose there is not a more lonely man than myself ? " Yon have your father and your sisters," said Berna, taking refuge in one of those statements which are safe because purely conventional. Gorman laughed, a little bitterly. " When a man has been away for six-and-twenty years from all his relations, he finds nit merely that they can do very well without him, but that he can do very well without them.'' " It is sad to hear any one say so." " Why should it be ? We were all meant to leave home, to form fresh ties, to make new interests for ourselves. I have not made any fresh ties yet, and therefore it signifies little what becomes of me." There could be no answer to this. Berna felt strongly any fresh ties Mr. Gorman Muir chose to form ought to be nothing to her; whilst the young man, conscious that matters were at last progressing a little, waited painfully for what might happen next. A word, a single word of sympathy, and he would have told har there was one for whose sake he might be induced to count life valuable— one he held as high above him as the stars of heaven—one he scarcelyjdared to think of as ever likely to smile on him ; but Berna did not speak that word. Instinct, which is often so mnch safer a guide than experience, taueht her she stood on the very verge of dangerous ground. While they were talking, Gorman had let the horse slacken his pace almost to a walk. " At this rate," thought Beina, " it will be an hour before we get to Clear Stream ;" and what might such a man not say even in a few minutes ? " Oh! Mr. Muir," she exclaimed, " would you mind driving a little quicker ? It is very late, and mamma will be so uneasy." Gorman started as if from a dream, and gave the horse a couple of slashing cuts with the whip, which caused it to Bpring forward and then settle into a long, stretching trot, which made the gig rock and the loose spokes shake as though the crazy vehicle were going to pieces. "Don't beat the poor thing," entreated Berna, "perhaps it is very tired. I ought not to have stopped so long at Ardilaw, or allowed your father to send me home." " Perhaps yon think you ought to have got wet through, and tramped home along lanes which are now a foot deep in mud,' said Gorman, ironically; taking the animal, which was momentarily increasing its speed, well in hand. " No, Miss Boyle," he went on in a different tone, "had we let you do anything of the sort we ought to have been shot; and as for the horse, he is not tired; he has not been out of the stable for two days. I wonder, now, if yon think I am cruel; if you do, you are mistaken. I would not wilfully hurt anything. You believe me? I should like to hear you say you believe that, at any rate." " I should be very sorry to believe otherw se; but" " You think I was too rough with the poor old fellow. Perhaps I was, and I am sorry for it; but if you saw him following me about at Ardilaw, and trying to put his nose into my pockets for bread or carrots, I am sure you would see he understands me. One may seem unkind sometimes, and yet never mean to be so." If he expected her to make any comment on this general statement, Mr. Gorman Muir was mistaken. "I had a pony once," Berna said, in a didactic sort of way, " that would eat anything—bread, apples, walnuts, plums—which it could steal. Such a funny little pony!" and Berna's voice faltered. She wondered where that pony was at the moment. " You ride, then ?" exclaimed Gorman. " Oh! I wish you would let me train a horse for you. I have a lovely young thing coming home next week that would just suit you. Darkbrown, with black legs; though full of spirit, gentle as a lamb; a mouth soft as a lady's hand; you might ride him with a silken thread. Do let me train him for you—I Bhould feel so proud and happy." " Thank you, Mr. Muir, said Berna, who felt really touched by his eager earnestness. "It is very kind of you! but I never rode except with _ papa; and I do not suppose I shall ever ride again. We are very poor now, you know," she added, with that unconscious pride which so often apes humility; "and we are never likely to be anything else." " I h ope you are greatly mistaken," Gorman began ; but he could add no more, for at that moment the horse turned into the lane where Clear Stream Cottage was situated, and, finding its head was set towards Ardilaw, improved its pace so suddenly that Gorman found he had much ado to pull him up at the rustic gate, where some one whose head was enveloped in a shawl stood waiting. "Who is that?" asked Mrs. Boyle—for it was, indeed, the widow—as the conveyance stopped. "it is I—Berna—mamma," answered the girl, springing down into the mud before Gorman could select a dry spot for her to descend. " I hope you have not been uneasy about me." "Much you care about my uneasiness, miss," retorted Mrs. Boyle. "Keeping me out here till this time of night, catching my death of cold, and breaking my heart thinking you had got murdered or robbed, and were lying in some ditch, only to be brought home stiff and stark, as your father was. Ah! it's well seen which parent you take after—not a bit of thought for anybody but yourself. And now, will you please to say where you've been all the day long, and who it is that is standing there '"'" " Only Gorman Muir, Mrs. Boyle," explained that young man, coming forward and taking off his hat. " My father saw Miss Boyle sheltering at Ardilaw; and, as he would not hear of her tralking home, I took the liberty of driving her back myself. I hope and trust she will be none the worse for being out in sucbjdreadful weather." " Oh ! Mr. Muir," exclaimed the widow, "I never can return you sufficient thanks. I am sure I feel most grateful both to you and your father. If I don't die of standing here with nothing but this shawl about my head—and, indeed, it was always considered I would go into a decline on account of the beautiful colour in my cheeks—I'll remember your kindness to the last day of my life. There's not many would have given themselves so much trouble about a young slip of a girl who hasn't as much sense as would carry a snipe across a bog. Come inside, Mr. Muir. Don't be stopping out there making a stranger of yourself—and you such a friend and all. What's that you say?— the horse won't stand ? Well, well, more's the pity; and not a stable, or even a byre, about the place to bid you put him up in. It's very good of you, I'm sure, to tell me to take care of myself, and not be staying in the night air ; but as I've stopped so long fretting myself to death about Berna, a minute or two more can't make any difference. Hadn't she best get in beside the fire? Yes, that she had. She'll be all for taking care of herself. I am sure if I gave way as she does I might be ordering my coffin every week. You see! —Bhe's gone with hardly good night to you. It is a trial to a woman when she sees her child growing up as different from herself as darkness is from light. Well, if you must go, Mr. Gorman, though I'd have been more than pleased if you could have come in and had an air of the fire." " You are kindness itBelf," returned the young man ; " but 1 really must be making the best of my way back to Ardilaw. If, however, you would allow me to call tomorrow to enquire how you and Miss Boyle are after this evening's exposure, I should esteem it a great favour." " Come and welcome," answered the widow. " I'm sure in this wildersess—footsore and weary, the Jews never found a worse—it's a comfort to find anybody to tell one's troubles to. And yon needn't put yourself out if Berna sits like a marble statue and never opens her lips. She means no harm. It's juBt her way; and a bad way, too, as I've told her, over and over again." " Good-night, dear Mrs. Boyle. You really must not stand here any longer," and Gorman pressed the widow's outstretched hand warmly in his own. But for the friendly intervention of the rustic gate Mrs. Boyle might have seized so excellent an opportunity for fainting in the young man's arms. As it was, she only said— " Come as often as ever you like," adding to herself the comforting assurance, "he's breaking his heart for the want of me." And, as she tripped back along the path she tossed her little head coquettishly at the thought, " he was just like tne rest of them." CHAPTER XXIV. " I suppose," said Mr. Muir to his son next morning, shortly after breakfast, " you'll be for going to Beechfield to-day, and seeing if Miss Garnsey's any the worse for yesterday's rain." " She was not out in it; bnt I meant to ride over and enquire how she got home." "That's right. Civility H never hurt you; and I'm sure ahe 11 be right well pleased. Gorman made no direct answer to these statements; his mind was full of another matter. "And as 1 comeback," he remarked, "I suppose I had better take Clear Stream in my way, and ask after Miss Boyle." "It would not be amiss, agreed Mr. Muir. " The mother's a good tenant; and, though Bhe's just the very craziest old jroman I ever did come across, I daresay she is fond of her child through all. I tell you what, Gorman, leave it off till the afternoon, and we can walk over together." Whether or not this arrangement was one which recommended itself to Mr. Gorman Muir, he assented to the suggestion with a good grace; and about 3 o'clock father and son set out to pay that visit which Mrs. Boyle arrayed herself to receive hours previously. Berna, knowing pretty well what was coming, had gone for a long walk early in the forenoon. When she saw her mother don fresh cap and best dresB she said she had a headache, and thought the air might do it good. " Very likely, dear," said Mrs. Boyle, who desired nothing more earnestly taan her daughter's absence; and vou need not be hurrying yourself. We'll telf Ruth to put the dinner-time back an hour, so you can take a fine long turn when yon're about it. Well the girl knew what this meantj and, interpreting her mother's permission in the widest sense, she remained out till she conceived the longest visit must have ended. When Ruth opened the door Berna looked at her old nurse enquiringly, but Ruth only shook her head. He had not been there, evidently, and the girl's heart sank within her. She was tired, her limbB were weary, and the air had not blown away her headache. She felt low and dispirited, and in no mood to reply cheerfully when Mrs. Boyle, exclaimed, " Oh, here you are, that's well. I told Ruth we'd only have a tray brought in to-day; no call to spread a cloth, them's no knowing who might nappen to step in. "J " Are you expecting any one, mamma.'" " Not to exactly say expect; but I wouldn't be surprised if Mr. Gorman Muir looked in to pass the time of day. He did let fall a word about coming to see I'd got no cold through standing in the night air watching for you. Come now, take off your things as fast as you can, and let us get our dinner over." fes&iJS; "I do not want any dinner," said Berna. " I should like to lie down for an hour. If Mr. Muir does call, I would rather be out of the way." "There you are again," exclaimed Mrs, Boyle. " Was there ever such a girl before; always thinking about yourself, walking till you are tired to death, and then coming home ant 7 wanting to be waited on hand and foot. However, go and lie down, it's nothing to me; indeed, when you're well you're not such lively company anybody need break their heart to be without you for a while." It was something even to have got this permission, and Berna lost no time in availing herself of it. For nearly an hour she lay listening and thinking, but at last she fell into a dreamless sleep. When she awoke, darkness had set in, and Ruth was standing by the bedside with a candle in her haiid. " It's nearly 5 o'clock, Miss Berna," she said in an eager whisper. " Mr. Muir and his son have been here this hour and more. They are going to stop for tea, and the mistress has sent me to call yon." La the first moment of waking Berna had raised berself on her elbow, and rubbed her eyes, half blinded with the light. Now she lay down again, sighing heavily. Evidently Bhe felt no wild desire to add another to the festive party in the little sitting- room. (SC^I Ruth stood looking at her for a few seconds, every wrinkle in her toil-worn face expressive of th e tenderest love and deepest compassion. What ought her young Iadynottohavehad in the way of wealth and pleasure and society ? Well-born, well-bred, well-nurtured, she ought, had things gone as they should, to have been, as her nurse expressed the matter, among the "first in the land; and here 6he is. through her own free will, chained to a foolish mother but little better than me —worse nor me, indeed, because she hasn't a grain of sense, not enough to know when she's making a town talk of herself." "I am afraid, Miss, dear " she said, after that minute's pause, "you 11 have to go in among them. The mistress's in one of her humours, and she'll listen to nothing I can tell her. There'll only be a disturbance if you keep away. It's the father wants to see yoa. I think they've heard as much talk almost as they can stand. It has been going straight on ever since they came in. If your mother had been running about with them since she was two years of age she couldn't be freer or more friendly. It's a burning shame, and Til tell her so, once they're gone, whether she's pleased or displeased ; but you'd best get up now—you had indeed. I'll just let them know you're coming, and then 111 slip back and do up your hair. Oh, dear! oh, dear !" added poor Ruth, solto voce, as she left the room, "to think of my child ever having to demean herself by going among the like of them. It's enough to make the poor master rise from his grave." Ten minutes later, with the flush of sleep still tinging her cheeks, Berna walked along the passage, pausing for a moment at the parlour-door ere entering the room. Talk—that is, Mrs. Boyle's talk—was still in full progress. The widow seemed in the height of her glory ; she had got her audience, who were receiving as scant mercy as the ancient mariner showed to that unhappy weddiug guest. At the moment when Berna stood still, holding the handle in her trembling fingers, Mrs. Boyle was in full cry acros3 country, giving an account of her husband's death. "Though I did everything short of going down on my bended knees to him, he would ride the cnesnut, which was one of the wickedest brutes in all Mayo. Well, and as I was saying" At that juncture Berna entered, a brilliant colour mantling in her cheek3, her eyes bright with feverish excitement, her heart sick with shame and sorrow, every nerve in her body iu a state of tension. As if a ghost had suddenly appeared before her, Mrs. Boyle stopped dead in her narrative. " So you've come at last!" she exclaimed. " I am sure I don't know what Mr. Muir must think of vou." What Mr. Muir really thought was that he saw before him a very beautiful young girl; and as he took Berna s cold_ hand in his, he verbally expressed something of this idea. The man meant no offence, it was only his nature; but Gorman could see that Berna shrank a little more into herself as he spoke. " Miss Boyle is not accustomed to such compliments," he said, with an uneasy laugh. Isn't she ?" returned the farmer. " She'll get used to them after a bit, from some more likely person than me." "She's far too young for anything of that sort," broke in Mrs. Boyle. "Is she now? I shouldn't have thought it," observed Mr. Muir, surveying Berna in a way which dved her face with utul a deeper crimson. " But never mind me, Miss, it was only my joke ; all I meant was, you're a very fine young woman, though your mother, as is natural, will have it you re still but a child." " I hope you did not take any cold yesterd a ., Miss Boyle," said Gorman. 2v "' Cold !" repeated the widow. " What would make her take cold? Your father and you took too good care of her for thatj well wrapped, and driven home while I was fretting myself to death out in the damp night air, wondering what had become of her." " And yon ought to pay more heed to yourself than stand out in the night air at your time of life," said Mr. Muir, who had no idea of founding any pleasing fiction on the fact of his tenant's age. " I don't know what you mean about my time of life," answered Mrs. Boyle. Trouble makes us all look old, but it can't make anybody really old. If I hadn't married younger than that girl there, and taken the weight of the world on myself before I was well out of the nursery" "You couldn't have looked better than you do," finished Mr, Muir, laudably anxious to conciliate. " It's not many that have come through as much could have kept the girl's figure you have, and been as light on your feet as yourself. Why, there's my eldest daughter Bell—wants a month or two yet of being six-and-twenty, and I declare to my conscience she looks an old woman beside you." " It's the mind does it, Mr. Muir," said the widow, in gracious explanation. " It's the mind. As my poor father used to say— * You'll be a girl, Milly, till you are eighty year old.' I take after him j ne was the merriest soul. The very morning as he died in the evening he was lilting out, ' The night before Larry was stretched,' and making ns all screech with laughing. Ah! there's not many left like him." "I remember him well," Mr. Muir remarked.^ " He was a short stout man, redfaced, with a squint. He'd put away many a tumbler of punch in his time, or I'm much mistaken. His nephew does not favour him mach." *' No, that he doesn't," agreed Mrs. Boyle " there's but little fun about Richard Vince. Not that I've a word to say against him. We can't all be pleasant and heartsome alike; and, maybe, it's not Richard's fault altogether that the cares of riches have been a yoke round his neck and a burden to his feet, as the Bible talks about." Gorman Muir looked at the speaker in amazement. He had never previously conceived of such a woman as Mrs. Boyle. That she could be Berna's mother seemed to him monstrous. His own father might be, and was, objectionable; but at least no one could say he was a fool. " She ought to be glad to marry me," he thought, " to get away from this;" and then he turned to Berna, who. with averted face, was gazing steadily into tne fire, only to feel the girl's nature held something in it he might find it difficult exactly to understand. " Stir yourself, now, Berna," commanded Mrs. Boyle, " and give Mr. Muir a cup of tea. I hope you'll make yourelves at home," she proceeded with gracious hospitality; "we oughtn't to be like strangers to one another. Here's &ome; apple jelly I made myself after we came to Clear Stream. Though 1 say it, I don't thinkyou'd find better coloured in the county. When I was a girl I always did get praise for my preserves. As I often tell Berna there, shell be a poor useless creature if ever she comes to have a house of her own." " Maybe she'll not need to look after any- thing of the kind," suggested Mr. Muir. "It's to be hoped she won't indeed. If she's to see to much, I pity the man who gets her. She hasn't the Jeast notion of making things comfortable, and as for conversation, you might as well expect it from a mute." "Mamma is determined you shall not remain in ignorance of my faults, Mr. Muir," said Berna, trying to smile. "You see, answered that gentleman, " when one in a house has heaps of talk, it is as well there is somebody knows how to hold her tongue. What do you think you'd do, Mrs. Boyle, if your daughter had as much to say as yourself ?" " I'd be thankful, I am sure. Many's the time and often I sit wondering what'll become of the girl when I am dead and gone, and she haB nobody to speak up for her. To tee me so lively and cheerful you would never believe the amount of thought I have in me; and I need it all, too, for goodness only knows what would happen if I wasn't always considering something. It was at this point Berna determinedly Btruck across her mother's monologue. Turning to Gorman she asked him about Finnev's Farm—if he had really decided to take it; whether he did not think the risk too great. Astonished, Mr. Muir noticed the quick, nervous decision of her manner—the resolute way in which she prevented any further exhibition of folly. " There's a heap in her," he thought; " I wonder, now, whether it's bad or good." " You'll give us a song after a while, Miss Boyle, won't you?" he said. "It'll belong before I forget what you sang yesterday." " I have a quantity of new music, if you would care to look at it," Gorman ventured j " some good duets, and " Duets!" thought Berna; horrified. " Thank yon." she answered, with that new manner whicn BO surprised Mr. Muir, " but I never sang any duets excepting with papa ; and I do not think I shall ever Bing any again." "Did you ever hear anything like her?" enquired Mrs. Boyle, " 1 ou might think no one had ever lost a father before. "No one could have been fonder of a father," said Berna, with a dangerous flash in her eyes. No, never again, she determined, would she sit quiet and hear the dead spoken of as she had done. " What should you like, Mr. Muir?' she asked, rising and going towards the piano, which was, indeed, an old instrument discarded from the schoolroom at Craigvallen • and she sang a couple of songs, _ while_ Mrs. Boyle giggled and chattered in audible whispers to tne younger man. " Give us something now with a bit of life in it, Berna," said the widow at last. "'Young Lochinvar,' or 'Sandy and the Mermaid,' or ' Allan-a-dale.' " "' Allan-a-dale' is delightful," remarked Gorman. •' Yes ; let's have ' Allan-a- dale,' " cried Mrs. Boyle; and when her daughter, after some natural hesitation, began that old-world ditty, she was good enough to join in with a high, cracked voice, and many a twist and twirl and marvellous cadenza. The way she looked at Gorman and nodded her head, and tapped the floor with her foot, and generally —as Mr. Muir afterwards remarked—went on like a mad woman, was simply indescribable. She was oS to the forest to hear a love tale. And the youth it was told by was Allan-a-dale, sang the widow, with a triumphant toss of her cap and a killing glance at Gorman. " That's the sort of tune for me; none of your die-away, heart-broken ballads." " And you've a fine shrill voice of your own yet, ma'am," said Mr. Muir, in doubtful compliment. " Thank you, Miss Boyle; it's a real treat to hear anybody able to sing like vou. Now Gorman, if you're ready; we'd best be lessening the distance between here and Ardilaw." 