\- Story of the Goldfield 1. A tI wasways fondof'the: science ofshyuog:. .ino.' i'Frdm`:amy'yiidhup: I was hioted for my proclivity? for 'rea itig the charactei of a man frorm iis face ? 'and .E finally: becirie such aun ae pt -fi the art thaCt I couldoccasioially, guessthe very thoughts of theffidividual,whose countenansse I had' been studyii... Sooii after the goldt.fever broke'out I went to California; and there :I must confess, amongst what else there was to interest me, I hada grand oppor tunifj for exeicising my skill upon all sorts of faces seen under: all sorts of circumstances, from the;highest triumph of success to.. the deepest despair of failure. I first tried my luck at diggiggold myself; but soon tired of that, and believing .I could make money faster, and with less 'labor, I ope'fed a kind of ke?rery and provision liobp disposing of my wares at a fair advance to the miners and others.' :.My" shop consisted of a rude'skeleton of poles. with a sufficiency of cheap muslin drawn over them and pinned down to the earth, and was stocked only with the most saleable articles-of which flour, pork, and whisky found the most ready market-especially whisky. In-the dry'season it was very dusty, and everybody seemed to be dry with a thirst which mere water would not quench. If a man was successful, he wanted -whisky to bring:his body up to the altitude of his spirits ; if unsuccessful, he wanted whisky to .bridg his. spirits up: to.the: altitude :of- his body; if it chanced to be a little cool, he wanted -whisky to !?rin him'n;,he needed whiskyin the morning to make hin bright antd active ; he needed whisky; at night 'to rest:him' and make him sleep well,; he;wanted it when' he ibought and when he sold ; when he woni' and when he'lost; when he stood up andwhen he sat down; in short; whisky was' the great regulator..of-all human feeling-the genuiiie eli.rir vie--and consequently I did an imn mense business in whisky. -. ' "'Now.:this, though sosmewht t 'irielevant, !rings me to my s~ory1 One day n man came in qjietly, unobtrusively, purchased a quantity of flour, pork and tea, paid for the same In gold-ldust, and went about his business. He "dpeated his visits, at different intervals, per hias some half-dozen times, before he attracted myiattention to anything peculiar in his ap pearance, and then I should have been at a t~s. to say what I saw more in him at last than I had at' first He was. aparently about twenty fi yeyars of age, 0ofmcdiit hghi .t4nd slender figure,;of a:dark complexion, reguila features, .with darks straight hair, dark eyes. and a beard that covered the lowver part of his face-in all of which there was" nothing re mtarkkable-nothing strikldi;g. Fe was quiet, inot talkative-had nothiug t, S '.except about the business he came on-got; what he wanted .when I was disengaged, paid for what he got like a gentleman, and: generally retired with an .ordinary " Good-day," or some. similar civility. And yet!;as I have said, he began to attract my attention at last, and I" began to wonder why. Was it because he was so quiet, reserved, and gentlemanly, and "did not pur chases whisky like the rest 'and :occasionally get excited and boisteroas? or was it ;because" there was somethingi aliut. him 'I really could 'uot fathom? At'- all events, he had: begun to interest :me in some way; and the very fact, perhips ;that I could not tell how or why, led mle into a closer scrutiny, a deeper -tudyl a f the man;: - .... : One:ilay,,I scarcely. knew', how, I toiuched upon the general superstitioris of mankind, and tb my surpiriseI saw thaf:at last h was' inte rested. '-i e .cisy-hanged expression andt brightened, asd eniftted'a strange and pecuhliai gleam';.andimy attention being thus directed o: hlis e)ye, I: now ;bethought mei that, I± hail neverseen one exactly like it-one capable of beiri so apparently, open down 'liathe soul ,hile concealin',so much 'It .was: off .its guard no?-the door was really open down to the .very soul.of the.man-?istd I looked in at that dooi;r, that'opening, and 'saw thit the 'soul ut the m?ah was a dark one. A nasieless fedi came over mine- strange thrill passed throuigli ?e,like.anelectric shock-l I feltaiLiiiternal. hudder of dread. No wonder I hasl not been able?.?'?d?i nbs? before,; the nan ;hal 'bleen wearing aRn impenetrable, maslC,'X'" hal she key to- th~e ýysltry and ot hi, i;-and'i'ued i!Ie was inter~sted ini.superstitions--he vas superstitious. himsel? \Vhy.? Goia men msy9se'taspc· .atits fbod;me'a'lways are; because they carry a *Orld of wild fanices with thenm. Thus it was with this man. as I could see by his eye, and Imaide'his fancies ~rork tuon"hiit. I told hiim stories of sorcery;: witch'craft, and. timagic, of ghosts and-hob;: goblins, till he became pale with fear, breathed with conipressed lips, and trembled in spite of his great nerve and will. . - Bult let me hasten to ..the diiouieenit.: It chanehl ;thai no ;other person swas' present when? this conversation `occurred about the uperstitieds fancies''f men, iand (as soon as %de were iiiterruptedl.by theentrance of another cistomer my dark visitor left rather abruptly. After that he did not come as often as before, aid never seemed as much at ease, and,never rene?el the'conversationi that had s?siagitiatde him, and'never inri fctenitered into any, other that lin hcould possibly avoid..- I kept my thoughts to myself, but: made some- casual inquiries about himi:and.learned thsathe had' been so fortunate as to secures capital "lead " rom :which' with his partner s oother young mtannl' 'i as. takinfi:,oit goldinin quantities lhatpromisedl to?enrich both, :and'thatr.both' had the goodwill and esteein of all who knew: thens -': '':?·-' · :'1: ' !Onie sark 'night, about three or four week's: aftei;this, .I was startled'from my sleep'by wild` prolonnged shrieks -ad 'cries - of-,' Murder, murder I help I help I "1 I jumped up. seized; my revolvers;.and :darted out into the 'open' air.;:The cries and screams still :coitinuid,: aming from a point on the bend of the rimer. loalt a.hundred.rods below.: JIn a -minute:I waspjoined 'by- ffve otheis; all :well' armed; ad to?ether we'ni as hard is we couldto to die, place from which the alarti proceeded. When i wo -arrived.: there,; a~:it least 'thirty - men were collected inCind aroinid the tent. of'the' dark man I have been describing, and he him=: self;it w.as. who had. given: then alarm. His' partner hnd: companion;liad' been' muidered' and. robbed and he himself- hid been slightly' iut acrois the.face and .gashled onthe left;armi; nrid he was all excitement lamentiing his' dearest friend, and vowing vengeance against the assassin.' It was some time before" we could get at the pirticulars; and.: then we learned that both had been sleeping side byside;, whenai unkhown robber had crawled under the light canvas, stabbed' one to the hWirt, and taken, a lalge,.big'o;bf gold from tinder his head.' With this he was escapingwhen :the present narator awoke and seized him, and received the .wounds: which had compelled '`him 'to' relinquish his hold. - - •I shall;make ino: attempt- topourtray the intense excitement,, the wild rage and cqnsternation which'this daring murder there would no longer be'security, fo: any one in our hithertoquiiet and peaceful valley, :andi solemn'oaths were taked to hang the wretch; if found, upoithe.'nearest tree. :A large reward was offered for his detection,'and'every gambl ler that haid ever been seen about there was more ;or less suspected: and-:I believe, bad - any tan' been arrested on the.following day,: he wivould :have'.been hung-'first sand tried afterward. -' ' .: My"supeistitlous friend'grew "moody 'with" grief-. He"refuset d to -work his "lead ': any. more, and proposedsellingoffhisrcckerandtools: arid quitting the country altogether.' I think hel would have gone at once, only, I told, him;:it would oiut look well to leave without an effort to" discover the murderer, as some people might he maliciousenoigh tosayheknewsoiething ofthe matter,;and so get: him inft'atrouble.: Hei turned very pale, and declared her would stay a year, if by that meansns he could discover the assassi of his.ersbeloved friend' - "One day, about a 'week after the' itagedy, almost every individual in 'the vicinity, the friend of the muidered inifii dinong the rest,. asseiibled :ai'ar myshop at'ny particular, irequest i;, I hid told them I had something to 'cotisnini cae concerriiing ihe?:fdl deed,", and 'that I! though't it`not unlikeljr'inight give themi some. clueto the asassin. When allhad collected and, arraniged themselves; as 'had directed, iiin a seinicitole before my .door-eager,: expectant,: exciited-I came forward holding, in 'my hand a egg. Then Ii niade 'di ;short speech. oin. the v'aritsnsuperstitions"of inmankind, and I mentioned hose the gho st' of their- vietiiss would often haun ttheir. mniurderers, compelling them' to: reveal their ?crimnes; how land antd . sea had blen knovn to'give upthei awfil secre!ts an? hosw'it had Ieen'asserted thit if the- guilty veeiehli~jvre to place 'his handtupodn the? b~dy. flth"e min he had secietly slamn the wiounds vwuld bleed difresh. ." And now gentlemen, Icontinued, I hold inimy hand assure i test as any I- have nain?d.::- -This .simple egg, so :.fair-to- view;, on0tains the murderer's secret. Let him- bit ake it ini his:hand, and the; frail. shell will crumble to pieces and show to .all that- it: ?is' illed with the blobd of-his victimh.. You will excuse me, gentlemen, for.putting you all:to: his test.:- We -do not: know- each other's secrets-the murdereri of the young man nidy bi iniongst us; but only the guilty need fear' the tris .the innocent will sirely:pass the drdeal unarmed.' ' . As I saIid this. I eed my gaze upon iny"dikr sitor, :mni 'suspected 'man; oI neer s? aw mpre wretched and "ghassth cduntenance' nor ai greaCr struggile s any living beig to kee cainrsiati unmosed extieior. The eg?g.e s- its roiund. Some took it gravely, one lightly, some turnoed'slightly piil'pe, and some'laughed' ouif?ght. But on'it went, and came nearer anm nearer to the man for ivhomi it: Was niended. 1 I could see that he was treinbling: that his very lips weie getting white. SIt is your turn" now," I said at leig th, in a cold stern tone. :' Mine?" he a inswered,' witha gh'sty attempt at a. sinile. "Why ,hy -shouldI I "t.-ake it? 'Poor "Wilson" wars , "'m my, "Piove so now I'T Iaid. "Alll' ae upon you. - ie glanced hurriedly atround. All eyes wsere indeed upon him, andwith looks of awakening suspicion. He made one despairing 'effoit to be calm, gulped his breath like one choking; and selzed the fatal egg with trembling hands. The next mominent it was' chrushed to atoms nd his hands were wet and stained is if Wiith ihumin gore. A wild yell burst from the crowd.. A ivild shreak came from the lips dfthe guilty wretch, and falling, ratheerthan sinking, down upon his knees, he cried out, " God of mercy: forgive me t I did kill him !. I did kill him for his gold'! hisgold ! Oh, Godof heiven, foigive met ' . .. . SAnd how man)i before hin? " demanded i in ai" auihoritative voice. " 'Three! three. Oh, God of love anit' muercy 'forgive me ! There was another wild yell- or rather howl of fury-a rush like wolves upon their prey-: and the poog wretch was seized, almost tomri limb from limb, and dragged furiously away.. In less than ten minutes from his confession he' was dangling.from -a neighbouring tree swinging by the neck. So died the murderer, whose name I have suppressed because he had many respectable friends who are still living. I wilt only add that, believinghim to be guilty, I hlad previously pIrepared.the egg, putting red. colouring matter into it, expactipg to see him crush it throsisp his superstitious fears of a supernatural discovery, They offered me tia prqmi?ij 'i'ewrrdit fe' thle detection of the murdlerer, ,id t h. declined. Justie wasd all' . Ii.I aoughii and thi I.bad obtained,- .6- . 