SPORTING. It appears almost a useless task to go over the Melbourne Cup weights at this early period in the expectancy of selecting the pro-<*> table winner. The bookmakers will lay level nosey tbat one cannot pick a starter, and tl u> tbe odds are in their favor. The first forfeit auist be declared on Monday, August 4, and that dedacaiion will weed out many ?i tbcee -who nave not the ghost ol a ?bacee of winning, and whose name nave or ly appeared in the list of nominations the of their owner*'curiosity to see what weight U ehandkanpar would pat upon them in such high-deal otuapany. Mr. Barnard has reoog i>i?dthatOonuaotion isetUl the champion ct tbe colonies, as he ha? awarded him first I i ace with 9at 12 lbs., or 3 lbs. less than he had )htt jesr. On that occaeion he ran third to J.'Brtici-Httjri, and tectived more than a 3 1>?. bcatioit, in the qnickeat Gap on re < >d, to that we can hardly expect t! e |ime sen cf Patio to better I is lfctt j ear's form), or obtain m ore than third I ;??.*? on thisoccaoiuo. Malua ia treated as a v.iy oargeruus custcmer, aad has been ewbrded 4 lbs. over his weight for age. He 1 *s proved tiinnrif a very brilliant performer v>htn dipped, and there ia no reaion why he should &ut; be aa good* hocee as Coauaouao. >>r. Scarr piveu him 9 St. 7 lbs. in the Metro. j.<Jitflrj, tbe handicap being made on the t> ct. TAiDimun, to that he moat hold Ji-aLca in bifiher estimation than even IV.r. Barcan). Lb Grand hu 9 at. 4 It*, in the Cup and 9 at. 3 lbs. in the >.etropoKtan, ao that both handtcapper* Spree as to tbe prontinrait position which this weight-carrier and noted performer shoald tcuuvy. The Kew Zealand Welcome Jack, v, bo will come ever to Flenungton .specially to fcll tbia eogagcnicnt, has 9st 2 lbs., and is i*-Fcrtedtobeaootfcer?Ut?. Martiai-Hanri ic deetrvedly catted apon to carry 2 lbs. arare than his weight-for-eee, and must etUI be caegerota at that Sir Modred may not twe ttifficknt bciOianey for tbe company at two miles, Ctaetsworfc has again been fcarshly treated, as he is bat a pooy, and Six. 121ns. most tell npon him at the end of n;cb a big race. Oaliaa, the Clanger, and OS Cclcr (tbe latter also badly used at Sat. lOlbs.) vill bed their natters; but StoclcweU, iC v. e)), ehoujd bave a ear in It, at be can carry Ms S Bt 0 lbv. easily enough. We reach lJupot, 7st 12 lbs., aa the next best ia the i ? tt, aed First Demon at the same weight thouid foe dorerrios of consideration. Vivo, orituber, Cspri, Carneld, Bargo, Oonjeuture, Tv.d ol ibe Hills, Marocey, Wing, Coir, and u.e Bicker seem to be tbe best of the seven ?o tight utote division; and Silver King, 1 ocsnici, Plausible, Phil Athol, Cauagornt, Frivatrer, The Maia, Bend Or, and Country Boy the beet of Hbe light weight division. Tbe handicap on the whole is scarcely equal to Mr. Barsard'a happiest efforts, and a cumber of inooausteocies might lie pointed cat. Queen's 