THE CN0ST AT THE CRAftilfcj It was a few days before Christmas, m the ! year—well, a good many yeara apo- that I ' found among my letters, ore morning, one | from my brother-in-law, a welMo-So Bristol 1 mereuaat. I noticed, to my surprise, that the envelope bore the p sthmk of some ont- of-tbe-way towu in Cornwall, and I opened it therefore with some little curiosity. It ran as follows J CT. T" 1 The Grange, Polgrennock. uea John, —By special desire of the young ones, I have taken this place, a "ram bling old bouse in tha wilds of Cornwall for the Christmas holidays. We have to rough it a bit, for the nearest butcher is two miles off, and other conveniences to match ; but we are very jolly. Kate Loraine is here, and one or two more ; and we are all 'agreed that the only thing wanting to make the fun complete is the presence of Uncle John. Mary says she will take no denial, and the dear old mother is quite wild with delight at t!?e idea of seeing you ; so you must come. Be with as in time for Christmas Eve at latest. It will b'ow the city smoke ont of you, and do yo« a world of good. All unite in best love.— Your affectionate brother-in- law, ' Thomas Bbown. 4 PS. (in a different hand-writine). — Please, dear uncle, do come.— Your J iring Effie.' 4 A very likely srory! I exclaimed A pettv thing at toy time of life, and with my tendency to rheumatiem, to go and riQrv my- 1 self in Cornwall in the depth of wider! Rough it, indeed I I darey. "Windows that won't shut, and doors that won't open, and damp shoots, and draughts in every room, aid trugh rarab and no wine-cellar end newspapers throe days old, and very probably snow Hx inches deep in th" bar gain. Ugh ! N ?t if I know it ! I'll see Cornwall hanged first, and there's an end of the matter. But somehow there wasn't an end of the matter. I went down to the City as usual, but burineee was slick, and every now and again I caught myself thinking of the merry family party assembled round the roaring fire (I made up my mind somehow that there was a roaring fire) at the Grange; and though I was fully decided not to go, I a u«ed myself by fancying (just for the fun of the thing) how things would be if I did go I could fancy pretly well how I should be received. I hadn't seen my sister' Mary or her husband for over three years. I was quite aure of a hearty welcome from them ; and our good old mother (the 'dear old lady,' as she was always called in' the family) I could imagine her delight. I was half eorry that I couldn't go, if only for her sake. And cousin Kate, my favourite cousin in the days gone by, the courio whom I once thought — but that's aU over and dona with. I'm a lonely old bachelor, and Kate is Mrs. Loraine, a buxom widow. What an age it is since I last saw her ! I should like to meet her onee again, aifd I fancy she wouldn't be altogether sorry to see me. As to the boys and girls, I know pretty well what their opinions would be. What a jolly row they would make if I were to go, to be sure ! Really, I'm half sorry it's so com pletely out of the question. And my special pet, my godchild Effie ; her little postscript kept running in my head — 'Please, dear uncle, dct come !' A very pretty little post script, Effie ! I wish I could come, my dear ; but you see I really can't. It's absolutely and positively impossible, and there's an end of the matter. This was the second time that I had decided - that there was an end of the matter; and it may, therefore, strike the reader as slightly inconsistent that I should almost immediately afterwards have sent out the office- boy to get me a time table. But my conscience is clear. I am abso lutely positive that up to this time — in deed, up to a considerably later period— I had not the smallest intention cf going on whet my calm judgment described with perfect propriety as a 'fool's errand.' I am quite clear that my motive in sending for the time-table was that — that — in point of fact, merely to see by what train I should have gone if I had been idiot enough to accept my brother-in-law's invitation. My inspection of the timetable fully confirmed the propriety of the decision I bad come to ; indeed, the impossibility of ooming to any ofcbe", ' The only train available started at an unearthly hour ia the morning. There w£b a change of trains, with an hour and a half to wait, at roue disgusting little roadside station. There was a coach-drive of something like twenty miles to follow the railway journey; and, even then, I should not have reached my destination, but should have had thiee miles further to go is what conveyance might chance to bs available. I heaved a sigh of relief at the thought of the horrors I bad escaped by exercising (so I pet it) ordinary common sense in the matter. Such being ibe result; of coy reflections (which I still look back upon with satisfac tion as representing the sound conclusions of a judicious mind), it will surprise no reader who has studied human nature to be told that two days later, at an hour when usually I am still enjoying my well-earned repore between the sheets, I found myself seated in a stuffy railway carriage en route for Cornwall. Common sense whispered to me as I took rcy seat, No fool like an old fool,' or some thing to that effect. But I bad not oast aside all my most cherished eonviotions to have my holiday spoilt by any such trumpery reflection as that, so I de- j liberatt-ly sat upon Common Sense, so to speak, and set myself sternly to enjoy my Times and my large and varied collection of illustrated weekly literature. I pass over the horrors of that awful journey. I suppose a voyage to the North Pole would be worse, but (of this I am quite sutp) only because it takes longer. It was bad enough in the railway carriage, where ray sufferings were limited to partial suffoca tion, the inclemency of the weather being mitigated by perpetual foot-warmers, but in the coach afterwards it was suffocation plus petrification. I really fancied we had some- hew got baok tc the glacial period ; in foet, 7\. am quite sure it had already begun ia my boots. « The driver, a healthy, red- laced rustic, With xio more sensibility than his leather apron, had the audacity to suggest that it was a fine bracing afternoon, and wouldn't the gent like to have the box seat ?' The box sedt. if? a wind fit to cut yonr nose off, over thnsr » moors ! The gent declintd, and shivered and gasped, acl gasped and j shivered, over some eighteen dreadful miles, ; when, at some horrible village inn on the road, a cheery voice, whiob I recognised as my ? rotber-ii -law's, sang out to the guard : ' ID, Jem ! have you got Mr. Broadwood, cf London, on board?' 1 And five minutes later the weary traveller j (never was designation more appropriate) ; was transferred to an open .trap, and bowling f along merrily (that is. as merrily as the cir cumstances permitted) towards the Grange. Common Sense had been coming to her own again considerably during the last part of my journey, but the oonoiouneFS of Bearing- the end now gave me the advantage j of her, and when, after a short but rapid drive, the wheels of the dog cart sounded j upou the gravel, and the door was flung open, and I found myself in a cheery well- lighted hall, with a happy mob of nephews and nieces bearing down upon me in all direot ion f, I plucked up courage and took her by <he throat. 'Who pays I'm a fool for coming now, Miss Common " Sense ?' And she hadn't a word to say for herself I pass over the kissing and tbe bugs and the hand -shakings, which seemed as if they would never cmie to an end They are pp.rt and parcel of the merry Christmas time, and he who hes enjjyed them not et seme of his halting piece"1 on the journey of has either few friends cr dor? not deserve t" l ave rny. They com- , Kovevei, t 1 at on I at 1 it, and we gather in a ciT'.e voun3 the fire ir t .e b;g old-fashioned drawing room. The dear rid lady occupies her a "customed pest, a high-backed oaken chair fcv the chimney corner, with one hand resting lovingly on ; th<\- shoulder c? the grumpy, frumpy, selfish old world'ing who i ' Uncle John ' to all tbe rest, but will always be 'dear Jack' to her, and who. in the consciousness that his pressure has brought that hsply light irto the dear old eyes, feels quite ashamed of his past waverings, and vows in his heart that he would travel twice the distance in weather thrice &b; rough, to bring up that look again. And sister Mary, brithe and bonny, happy in her good-tempered husband, happy in her stalwart boys — Dick, Tom, and Harrj — and her two fair daughters— Mabel and Effie; Mabel the living image of what h<r mother was in our childish davr ; and Effie, my own particular pet, who has already taken her wonted position on a hassock at gidpapa's knee. And cousin Kate, with a silver line here aDd there streaking her dark-- brown hair, but with the same swe$t smile a? of old, the same merry twinkle of the eye, even the fair soft complexion scarcely marred by Time. Ic tbe centre of the semi circle sits genial "Tom Brown' himself. It is generally understood that be' was christened Thomas, and he signs his letters accord ingly; but no one within the memory of man has ever been known to cab him otherwise than 'Tom.' Nothirg delights him more than to get a good large circle of relat ions (if poor relations so much the better) round him at Christmas. ' The more the merrier' is bis etook proverb ; and at this moment his bald head gleams in the firelight, and his grey eyes twinkle, his old fae# beaming with the intensitv of his eniovment. Two or three more distant relatives and their children make up the party. There is an animated discussion as to whether a certain large box, which Uncle John has brought down with him, and which, from past experience, is con ceived to contain a selection of something for everybody, shall be opened at once or the next morning. Ia consideration of the lateness of the hour, the higher powers decide for the morning ; and then, as the next best satisfaction, tbs young people proceed to pump Ur.cle John as to its various contents. I keep my secrets as long as I possibly can, but they are being gradually wormed from me (my niece Mabrl is a perfect Sergeant Ballantyne in petticost3 as to anything yon" don't want her to know), when suddenly Harry exclaims : ' Oh, mother, whet do you thick ? I quite forgot to tell you before. Do yon know the Grange is haunted ?' I saw & quick gl&nce; pass between my eister and her husband, and then she quietly replied : 'Surely, Harry, you are too sensible to believe such rubbish as that 1 Who has been telling yGU such nonsense ?' ' But it isn't nonsense, mamma. Mrs. Hibbs says everybody knows it j and so does Doidge.' (These, as I afterwards learned, were the rook iad gardener cf the proprietor of the j Grange, and bad been, taken ever by my ! brciher-in-law during hie temporary tenancy ) ' Mrs. Hibbs ought to be ashamed of her self to talk such rubbish,' said my brother- in-law ; ' and so ought Doidge. But, come, what is it they do say? Let's know the worst.5 ' Weil, papa, Mrs. Hibbs says that years and years ago, before she was born, there was a murder committed in this house. At least, it wasn't a murder, because tbe man hanged himself to tbe window curtains. And a "lady walks about in her nightgown with her hair down, and singo to herself ; and if ycu hear her you don't have any luck for i seven years and a day.' ! ' There is no getting off the odd day, I j suppose?' said Torn. 'Mrs. Hibbs and old i Doidge ought to be put in the stocks touether for foiling you such rubbish. In the first place, as you know quite well, there is no such thing as a ghost, aud, if there were, it's quite clear that if a man bad ever hanged himself in this house (which I don't believe), and if he had ag'ioat, which I doubt still moie, his ghost wouldn't be a lady, not to mention the extreme improbability of any ghost, lady or other wire, walking about in a nightgown in such cold weather as W8 are having at present. If the ghost cam9 out in a good warm ulster, or a fur cape and a muff, it would sound ranch mors feasible. But a nightgown ! Is give me the shivers ev< t; o thick cf ic. £o I hope we shall hear no mora of such rabbuh. Ycu know all the Cornish people are a very supGretHicns race, pfed they pass on th .-se ridiculous old stories from cms to another, nrriii they begin to : believe there is really gome troth In them.1 'But papa,' ss id Mabel, with wide open eyes, Effie and I really did hear somebody singing efter we went to bed la»t night.1 'Nonsense, Mabel 1 yon most have been dies ruing ' : 'No. ppa, we were not dreaming, because we had only just got info bod, and Effie and j I bth beard it ; but we did net take much ! notice, because vre thougbt it was only the 1 waits, or carols, or somebody like thst, out- j side And presently we went to eltep But; we shouldn't have liked it if we thought it ! was e ghost.1 We did hear it, papa,' said Effie. It was a very quiet sound, but we heard it quite plain. It was like somebody hushing a | baby to sleep Ob, I do hope it won't erne agrin to-night. I should be so frightened ' ' Nonsense, you silly children 1' said her mother. ' I have no doubt your first idea was quite right The oarol-singers are about, and I ' j daresay you beard some of tbem singing . 88 they went heme. And now we won't talk i | any more about such nonsense. Lteht your j candles, all you young people, and be off to ; j bed. You ar&fver; so piuch later than you ought to be already, but Uncle John's arrival has made us dissipated.' Mother is right.' said my brother-in-law.' 4 " Boys to bed and dog« to door," as they Eay down here. Grandmamma will gotoo.beir.g one of the young ones. We old people shall follow very quickly, and rot a word more about ghosts or goblins, or I shall be extremely angry.' At Tom Brown';; idea rf exemplary corporal | chastisement consisted in gently flicking the J offender with a silk pocketbandkerchief, his anger was not greatly dreaded ; bat he got a very frir share of ohedicDce rfiot-witbstsnd- ir g ; and the young people, headed by tbe dear old "lady, said goed-irght, and dispersed with out any further allusion to the forbidden sub- ject. . Confound that chattering eld man and j woman !' said ray brother-in- law, as scon as (the door was clcFed. I remember to have ! heard years pgo. now I think of it, that some kind of superstition was attached to this particular house, but I never gave it a second thought. If it makes the children nervous it will completely spoil our holiday.' Of course there's nothing in it,' I re marked ; ' but it's unfortunate tht Mabel and Effie's story should happen o fit in so well with the legend. How do you account for their statement, by the way? It couldn't have been prompted by the ghost- story, for, if I understand right, they hadn't then heard it. And they don't seem to have felt any alarm at the time. Or course there h some perfectly natural explanation, but what is it?' ' Don't yen think Mary's suggestion about the carol singers may be the true explanation ? ' said Mrs. Loraine. Between ourselves, I am pretty sure it isn't, though I took good care net to say so,' replied my brother in-law. ' I happen to know that the -carol singers were singing last night in an entirely opposite direction.' Gould it have been any of the servants singing ? ' I inquired. No, that is equally out of the question. Yesterday the servants had had a rather tiring day, and they went to bed a good hour before we did. And, moreover, their rooms are all in the other wing of tbe house, far away from the room where Mabel and Effie sleep, which is the farther room in the left wing. No ; my own opi- nion is that they must have beard some belated passer-by going along the lane at the side of the house r-nd singing to keep himself company. That's the whole mystery, you may depend upon it, and I hope and believe we shall bear no more of the matter.' But in this we were fated to be disap- pointed, for even as Tom epoke tbe door was flung suddenly open, and two little white figures, with b&ir; down and in a state of wild excitement, dropped like bomb-shells in our midst. O, papa ! O, uncle ! We have heard it again !' For some minutes the (wo children were too excited to give any coherent account, but at, last we gathered that they bad undressed and said their prayers without bearing any thing unusual, and, as Effie Eaid, had just left off thinking at all about it but no sooner Bad they put the light out and got into bed than they again heard the soft singing which they had heard the night before, and which they now not unnaturally connected with tbe legend. Look here, Mary,' I said; 'these two little bare-footed maidens will catch their -death of cold. Fop them into bed at once in the room ycu intended for me, and I'll take theirs. The ghost is welcome to come and Eiug to me r.s much as she likes, so long as she sings something pretty.' It was clear that the children were too frightened to go to bed again in the Fame room, and Msry therefore thankfully adopted my suggestion. The two girls were speedily in bed in the room which I was to have occupied, and Tom lent me a hand in transferring my belongings to their former resting-place, at the same time calling my attention to tbe somewhat peculiar construction of the houFe. It had been built by a former pro prietor, who apparently desired to make as much show as possible for his money. On each side of the hall door was a large room with three windows, and similer rcotns above. This portion of tbe building was two stories high. In addition to this central portion j there was & wing, one story high, on each 1 side, so that the houee altogether had a frontage of some eight-and-twenty windows, which, shaded by creeping plants of various descriptions, gave it a very piotureeque and imposing appearance But in point of aotual size this appearance was delusive. The whole house was only one room deep from back to front, the rooms more remote from the ccntro being approached by a long , passage which ran along the back of each floor, terminating at the door oMhe outer room in eeoh wing. It was tbe further room on the upper floor of the left wing which Mabel and Effie had occupied, my brother-in- I law's room boing next to it, and the one which I was to have occupied next to that. The I rest of the family and the whole ci the ! servants slept in the cfcber part of tbe I house, so that the two children's alarm bad li )fc spread any further. ; On being left to myself, I looked the door, gnd took & survey of the apartment. There was nothing at all - peculiar about it It was simply a decently-furnished country bedroom. The chairs and table were of the old-fashioned spindle-legged description, a hundred Years old at the least, but in good preservation. I pulled up the blind and locked out . of the window. It was a clear moonlight night, and I found that my window was in the extreme end wall of the bones, licking into a lane at the I drew the blind down again, and undressed, without hearing a sound, save the low moan of the waves on tbe sea-shore, which was about & mile distant. I set-led in my own mind that this must have been tbe sound which the children's fancy 1 ad tram muted into a ghostly singing ; and reflecting, wi'h some little com plaeenoy, how easily fuch matters are ex- p'sined when they come to be examined by a hard-headed man like myeelf, who never allows ! his nervfs to get the better of his discretion, 1 1 put out the lights and got into bed. | I was begin niog to get sleepy, and was lazily 1 reflecting hew I would roaBt those two silly ' nieces of mine in the morning, when I heard a sound which was clearly not tbe moan of j the distant waves, and which made me wide j awake instantly. My little nieces had de- i scribed it exactly. It was the crooning 1 scund of a lullaby, the kind of eong with | which a mother hushes her child to sleep. I ! could not distinguish any words, but tbe cadence of some sort of tune was clearly dis cernible. Instantly I jumped out of bed, and sprang to the. window. I conld eee ole&rly; both up and down the lane, but there was ' not a creature ia sight I listened, but rvr- thing was now audible ; and a growing ; chilliness about tbe legs prompted me to gee i into bed again without delay, which I did, | leaving the blind up, and the moonlight i streaming full into the room. All was quiet, and I was beginning to persuade myself that I bad been deceived a'ter all by my own imagination, when suddenly I heard the same sound again; I sat up in bed. It ceased. I lay down, and it w&6 onca more audible ; but I noted that the tune did not appear to begin anew, bi t rather to be re umed at a further point, as though the momentary interruption had been in my own consciousness. Again I sat up; the sound ceased. I lay down.it was audible again. Suddenly the obvious explanation flashed across me. Some stupid practical joker had put a musical box inside my pillow. I was delighted with my discovery, and the words strong common sense,' not be imposed upon,' 1 hard-headed ' man of business, and so on, onoe more floated pleasantly through my brain. I jumped out or bed, hu ging the guilty pillow to me, and listened, but all was silent. ' Perhaps it required the pressure of the head to start the music I squeezed it, sat upon it, thumped it, but all to no purpose, except to make my lower extremities more extremely cold, and to satisfy myself that, wherever the secret lay, it was not in the pillow. As soon &s; I lay down the sound was again audible, and this time I could hear not only the crooning lullaby sound, but a wailing also, as though of a child in pain. ' Good heavens !' I exclaimed, for I was gradually coming round to # the ghestly hypothesis, ' then there are two ghosts 1' I bed almost made up my mind to one ghost of some sort, but I didn't feel called upon to tackle two' single- handed, while at . the same time I felt an intense desire to get to the bottom of the matter if, indeed, it had a bottom at all. Hastily slipping on my clothes, I knocked at my brother-in-law's door. What is it ?' murmured a sleepy voice. That's just what I am trying to find cut, and I want you to come and help me. Tell Mary not to disturb herself, for there is nothing whatever to be alarmed at — merely & curious sound which I want to account for, ' All right, said Tom ; ' I'll be witlyou in a minute.' And in little more be, and 'Mary too — for she would not be left behind— were in my room. They heard my story and listened to the sound, which still presented the same phe nomenon of being only audible when the head was laid upon or close to the pillow. We had searched the room in vain, when Mary's woman's intellee gave her an idea which our slower masculine intellects might, unas sisted, never have hit on. How stupid we are !' she said. Of course that sound is not really here at -all.' We look at her in blank amazement. I mean,' she said, that it really comee-i- that is, tele — what do you call it? — tele phoned from somewhere else through the wall.' A very good idea,' I said. 1 What room Ib under this V The library, said Tom. Then let tft explore the library.' As quietly as we could, we went downstairs and examined the library, but without result. Nothing here,' I said. 4 Now, then, what is on the other side of that wall upstairs?1 4 Nothing on the same level with your room,5 replied Tom. There is a sort of ehed or lean-to against the back wall, but itr doesn't go so high as the upper story.1 1 Then we must explore the lean-to,' 1 eaidi 4 We shall find nothing there,1 said Tom. It is full of bay, to the best of my belief, and the door is padlocked ; bnt we'll explore it if you like. I'll get the stable lantern.1 ' I shall come, too,1 eaid Mary. 4 1 should be twioe as nervous if I were left alone here. We paused in the hall to slip on all the extempore wraps available ; and then, Tom having ighted his lantern, we made our way round the house to the door of the shed. 4 Hallo !' eaid Tom ; 4 the padlock's off; but it s little oonsequence, for there's nothing to steal ; a lot of hay and a few gardening tools— that's about the whole inventory« Why, good heavens 1 what's this V Tom, as he spoke, had chanced to turn the ligbt of the lantern on the ground, and there, curled up in tbe hay, lay a boy about five years old, and a girl some two yean younger in his arms, both sound asleep. Mary's motherly arms were around them in a moment , . 4 Poor little innocents 1' she said. 4 What & blessing we have found them ! I wonder they are not dead of coid or hunger. They ; very soon would have been. Poor dear little j souls I Here, Tom, that rug. I'll take the | girl; now you take the boy. Let us get i them into the house as quick as we possibly roan.' I 4 And what am I to do?1 1 eaid, ' You tw seem to carry off all the honours of the discovery.' . Never mind, John,' said my sister, with B saucy glance over her shoulder, you shall oarry — the lantsm.' And I carried the lantern accordingly. Well; we havenk, caught the ghost, said Tom, as we rounded the corner of the house ; ' but still, if it hadn'c been for the ghost we eheuldn'c have found these two youngsters.' 4 No,' I said, 4 we haven't found the ghost.' 4 We have found the ghost, ycu silly fellows,' said my sister. 4 What you heard, John, was this poor'lUtie soul crying, and her little brother trying to hash her to sleep.' At this moment the little girl woke np with „ a piteous face, and raid, 4 Mam inie !' We'il take you to inamaie, darling,' said Mary, kissing the little outstretched hand. The child gave one sleepy look iato the kind eyes that bent over ber, and, fully satisfied, tucked a little cold band under Mary's soft plump chin, and went to sleep again in stantly. ' Bat how could I hear that up in my room ?' I said. 4 Ah, that is for you scientific gentlemen to discover. Bat I'm qaiie care I'm right.' And we afterwards discovered that she was right. A very old and dry piece of timber passed up tbe wall from the spot where tbe two children had been lying, and terminated just behind the bed-head in the room above ; and we found by experiment that any souud below was conducted from one point to the other. In such commonplace fashion ends my only ghoBt story. How the little babes in the wood were forthwith fed wkb warm milk and bread, and popped into warm baths, and then cuddled tc sleep in tho kind arms of sister Mary and cousin Kate ; and how they were claimed in the morning by a kali dietracied mother, after having been missing from home, some miles distant, over Eix-and- thiity hours ; and the joy cf the poor mother at receiving back her little ones safe and eound ; and the gifts and the kisses which they carried away with them: all these must be left to the -reader's imagina tion ; but I can tell bim that they made that particular Ohriftmas, to all concerned, the most glorions Christmas that has ever been spent in the manory of mm. It is manyears Ego sines then ; tha 4 dea- old lady ' has gone to ber rest, and my hair is as white as hers was rhen. Kite Loreise ie Kate Broadwood now, sod fcvo strapping boys call her Manama. ' Sho has taken to caps, bat her smite is aa sweet as even Mabel and Eme have lapses of thtir own, who domineer over 4 Uncle J ha' just as unmercifully as their mothers did before them. Tom and Mary still keep up tbe good old custom of a family gathering at Christmas Eve. And it has become a regular thing that in the dimmets,' just before the candles are lighted, Uncle John shall tell a story. Each year be struggles with hie tyrants ; each year he pleads at least to be allowed to tell some other story — but in vain. He is oompelled— nothing extenuating— to recount the full, true, and particular history of 1 The Ghost at the Grange.' Angelo J. Lewis. 