CHAPTER XIII. " I think, said Mrs. Boyle, after a silence broken only by the sound of Berna's busy needle and her own sighs, "I might take a cnp of tea now, if it was hot and not too 'much milk in it. Berna laid aside her work. " I will tell Ruth," she eagerly proposed. " She is baking soda bread. Shall L butter you some?" "If you do, mind you bring me in no more than the breadth of my finger. I never oan eat: I don't know what is to become of me, as I was telling Mrs. Pirn no later back than 1 o'clock. * ' " Tou must try" answered her daughter ; and she left the sitting-room and passed into the kitchen, where Ruth was washing the flour off her hands, while.the soda breaa was rising to a satisfactory thickness as it baked upon the girdle suspended from a crook over the fire. " I want to make mamma some tea, Ruth; and have we gota new-laid egg ?". "The eggs could not be fresher, Miss Berna, anathe mistress can't be. off liking the cake. Til set the tray in a minute." "You need not take in a cup for me, nurse; I do not want any tea;" and. Berna leaned her head against the chimneypiece and looked into the glowing depths of a clear turf fire. Ruth paused in her occupation to survey the girl. She had nursed her; she loved her. She anew—who that lived in the same house could help knowing?-rthe daily,, hourly fret Mrs. Boyle was to her. The old' servant possessed that (Subtle; sympathy and quick tact which is the birthright of the Irish, and, without asking a question as to what had gone wrong, remarked— " If your head is' bad, Miss Berna, why don't you go for a turn in the meadow, instead of standing: in this hot kitchen. 1^11 take in the mistress's tea, and tell her .where you are." , " Thank yon, Ruth; I will go into the meadow. I need not put on a bonnet. I shall not meet anybody out there." The meadow thus referred to—which be longed to Mr. Muir, being a portion of Kil moon Farm—lay at the rear of Clear Stream Cottage, and could be entered from the garden of that house through a low rustic gate made of green, unbarked fir. Just as she was, without-shawl or bonnet, in her sad, black dress, adorned by nothing save youth and beauty, Berna passed in the calm evening light on to the grass, which had again been cropped almost as close by the cattle as a couple of months previously by the mowers. There was .a delicious crispness In the air; soft and peaceful the tender rural landscape lay spread below her. What an exquisite world it was 1 How fair the heights of Giloakirk in the near distance looked, with the com-stooks clustered thick upon them 1 It was a rich, happy oountry that met her gaze—blessed by God, well cul tivated by man. For such as Berna the face of Nature wears a smile everywhere; and as she walked the girl's heart grew lighter, and hope whispered life was not yet over, and that while life remains something of happi ness may still be in store for the saddest soul that ever carried its burden of sorrow in eilent anguish. For a long time she paced slowly up and down the field. She knew exactly what was passing indoors. Mrs. Boyle sat taking her tea, and at the same time discoursing to Ruth concerning the splendour of Mr. Pirn's house, mingling ner descriptions with snch ques tions and exclamations as—" Will you ever forget her old aunt ?" and " I wonder what my father would say if he knew the Pirns Bad grown too big to care tp keep company with Mrs. Boyle, of Boyle Court 1" She would not be missed, and even if she were Bnth, dear old .Ruth, the only person able to manage her mother, could make things straight for her. For the time she felt free to let her mind • wander over the past and the future—over the beautiful mournful past—and the future still shrouded amid the vague romAntio mists in which for the young Time cunningly en folds coming events. What did she see written on the clouds, dyed with the gorgeous tints left behind by the departed sunt Heaven only knows, save that it was some tender poem—some sweet unreality which caused her lips to part, and her eyes to grow larger, and their depths to deepen, and brought her lingering footsteps to a standstill, because she would not disturb the illusion with movement. The glorious tints faded gently out of the sky. Twilight stole softly on, the distant landscape faded imperceptibly out of sight; a slight wind stirred the trees in the hedge row, yetBerna stood motionless, till sud denly, with a little cry of affrighted surprise, she sprang backward. A great black horse, which in the dark looked higher and bigger than was actually the case, with a man on its back, who seemed scarcely less startled than herself, had shied suddenly at the sight of the girl, and though a hand of iron was on the bridle, went on plunging;violently. She had not heard the sound of coming hoofs, and at that hour, in that lonely place, in that mysterious light, horse and rider loomed on her through the semi-darkness with the effect of an appa rition. "I have frightened you," said the man, at laBt succeeding in quieting his horse, coming close up to where she stood. "Not much," answered the girl, though she felt as if her heart were in her mouth. " I am very sorry, indeed," he proceeded, trying to get a nearer glimpse of this extra ordinary young person who, bareheaded and all alone, was wandering through the quiet fields at such an hour. "I did not expect to meet any one here." " Nor I," Bhe murmured apologetically. " It is late for you to be out. May 1 not see you safe home," and he drew his feet out of the stirrups as if with the intention of dismounting. " Oh I No—no. ■ Thank you," exclaimed Berna. "I have.,opIy a few Bteps to go. Good evening!"' He did not answer. He only took off his hat, thrust hiB feet again into the stirrups, watched her. till she passed out of his sigbt, and then, wheeling his horse round, rode back into the lane whence he had come, and started at a sharp trot for Ardilaw. As Berna re-entered the cottage she heard her mother's voice still in full progress. Ruth stood just within the parlour door, the tea things bad not been removed, Mrs. Boyle's bonnet and cloak lay on a chair, as she had thrown them off, and Mrs. Boyle herself was giving nurse a vivid description of Richard Vince's interview with the lady he now called wife. At sight of Berna the widow's words froze on her tongue. The " pays hes" and " says shes" of the familiar long ago—when Ruth used to some in and help with the Vince sewing, and Ulick Boyle and Boyle Court were still perfectly unknown quantities— never flowed quite glibly off Mrs. Boyle's lips when her daughter was of the company. But the widow was seldom what she called " taken at a short," and, stopped in the midst of her own exciting narration, it did not take her a moment to/change the front of battle, and, attacking Berna, carry war into the enemy's country. " Well, and perhaps you will tell us where you have been, she began, " stopping out for hours, and coming borne in the clouds of darkness, looking as if you were bewitched. Just see there, Ruth, wouldn't anybody think she'd seen a ghost? What do yon' mean by those white cheeks and great eyes enough to frighten anybody ?" " I have a headache, mamma." " And haven't I the headache often enough., and the heartache too, for that matter ? and yet you never hear me complain. Here have' I been forcing myself to eat—eating and drinking when I thought every mouthful would choke me—so that I mightn't be laid up and put to the expense of a doctor— though goodness only knows where we'd get a doctor, in this back-of-the-world place while you, for all you've a "hearty appetite,' won't take your meals .regular, but just pick, a hit at odd times when you think you will.": " Indeed—indeed," Berna was beginning," when Rnth interposed. " You'll have a glass of milk and a piece of/ hot cake, won't .you, Miss Berna? And! there's a bright fire in the kitchen: I was out looking at it a minute ago. And if I were' you, I would warm myself and get to- bed.j There's nothing for a headache like sleep." "Ah, she'll never leave off her languid ways while you're living, Ruth," saidMrs.; Boyle. "You encourage her in her laziness. Wny( when I was your age," she added, ad dressing her daughter, "I'd have thought shame to go to bed for a headache. I used to dance my headaches off If we could get" nothing but girls to make up a set, why, we took tnem for partners; and we'd sing the music in turns; and such screaming and laugh ing and diversion aswe had. Well I mind my father, when he was lying ill upstairs, rapping on the floor with a stick to knowif Bedlamhad: broken loose. Ah 1 those were dayB; when I think of them I'm sure I wonder, as I was saying to Mrs. Pirn only to-day, howl ever came to marry, to have all the spirit crushed out of me, ana to rear a daughter more like a mute at a funeral than anything else." " Don't heed the mistress, Miss Bertha, dear," entreated her nurse; " your laughing fays are all to come." Indeed, and I hope I may live to see them. It would be wonderful to hear Berna laughing and making merry like any other girl" " She'll be merry enough yet," answered Ruth. " Come, Miss Berna, dear, and have a bit of hot soda, bread—I've kept it warm beside the fire—and go to your bed. The mistress is tired, too,- though she has such a spirit she won't own to it; and the sooner .she lies down and rests herself the better." Though Kuth's advice was as good as advice could be, Miss Boyle merely followed it because she wished to avoid discussion and longed to be alone. The glamour of that sky, brilliant with the trail of glory left behind by the departed sun, had not quite left her. The peace aDd beauty of the quiet scene which had filled - her soul with rapture etUl lingered there in memory; the dream she had dreamed while gazing with wide open eyes on the tender softness of the evening light was not for many days to >113 seem wholly an illusion; while the appear ance of that horse and rider in the mystical twilight, so soon to merge into night, im ported just the touch of romance into the story so necessary to a nature like Berna's, out of which her mother had nipped every green shoot, every bud of promise, so soon as it ventured to show eveu the semblance of a leaf._ " . . Poetry and imagination, both starved in actual life, struck deeper and stronger roots for the reason they could only seek for nourishment in the girl's own heart. She had her friends, though Mrs. Boyle knew none of them; from out the pages of the past they came and comforted her. Knights and ladies, gentle maidens, noble heroines, loyal men, human beings sorely tempted, hard beset; people who suffered and triumphed, who rejoiced,, and who, when the worst came to the worst, knew how to die. Poor in tins world's goods—a mere cipher in the estimation of her fellows—God had given her a kingdom better than houses, or gold, or land; boundary it knew none, save the limits of right and honour; in it women were all fair and virtuous, and men great and noble and chivalrous; flowers never faded there, sorrow never entered; it was in the mysteriouB land through which poets wander at will and romancers dwell; where wrong is set right, and truth triumphs, and beauty is cherished, and youth tenderly cared for, that Berna Boyle so often sought refuge when her mother wounded her pride, and lashed her temper, and trampled everything which seemed to the girl worth having level with the dust. She did not say a word to any one concern ing the apparition she had seen in Mr. Muir's meadow. Close to herself she keptthe memory of that voice, Boft with the tones of the melt ing South. She could not bear the story to become a topic of common conversation—to bear wonder expressed on the subject, and a thousand coqjectures hazarded as to who the stranger might be. Prom a gauger to an Earl she knew her mother.was capable of running the gamut on such a theme; and the stronger her own curiosity grew the more determinedly she resolved to refrain from endeavouring to gratify it. And certainly, aa the days of that week went by she had ample cause for ourioaity. Three, sometimes five, times between breakfast and tea .she saw that horse and rider pass along the lane, and the rider never once passed without looking wistfully over the hedge in search of something besides the autumn flowers and the babbling stream that still went singing the same song, only " • ' ' * delight louder, it had with such'laug flowed so merrily to in the golden" summer time. He was looking for her. Berna knew that as well as though she had possessed the ex perience of half a dozen London seasons. It was a knowledge which kept her out of the garden, and caused her to refrain irom those long walks in which, when her mother was too tired to go out2 she had been in the habit of indulging; bat it did not prevent her from stealing unobserved glances at the hand some, audacious stranger, or marvelling who he could be and with whom he was staying in the neighbourhood. At lsst her resolve gave way, and on the Sa turday evening following their meeting, while Mrs. Boyle was indulging in one of those naps she "dropped off" into "merely to save lighting a candle," Berna looking into the peat fire, over which hung the eternal girdle with a batch of a potato cake " shaking," as Ruth expressed the process of gradual baking necessary to ensure the bread being perfectly " done," asked— "Have you seen a strange gentleman riding a black hone, Nurse, passnere several times lately?" Nurse paused in her operations for a moment before she,answered. "I can't say that I have, Miss Berna. 'What- like was he?" "Very- dark, goodlooking — handsome, indeed. He wears no whiskers, only a mous tache, has brown eyes, and rideB spletldidiy." " Oh 1" skid Ruth grimly. " Has thehorse no hair of white about it except a small star on his forehead, and has it got a headband worked with beads instead of leather?" " Yes, that is the horse; do you know who the gentleman ia?" . . " He is not a gentleman—he is no one for you to be taking ■ notice of or thinking about." "" " I have not been taking notioe of him," replied the girl,.indignantly refuting the first accusation, but .maintaining a wise silence with regard to the Becond. "Still, I certainly Bhould like toknow where be comes from." " He does not come from very .far," was the answer; "and it's like his Impudence staring over this place lis I've seen him do.". " Why who in the world is he, Nurse?" "He's just Mr. Mum's son, who else would he be ? and a worse man than his father-r-so the story goes. They say he was sent home in disgrace- by the uncle-that reared-him. That's neither here nor there, though. Whatever he is, and whatever he has* done, you must not be troubling your head' about nim. There's not a Boyle belonging to you but would turn in their graveB if they thought you could take up with suoh as him. If he comes prowling about here much longer, please or displease. Til give him a piece of my mind he won't like." 1\. " Not on my account, Nurse," said Berna, with an uplifting of her head nurse had been well acquainted with since she was a mere child; "I would not have my name bronght into such a matter for the world." " That's right, dear. It's not right for ths like of you to waste a thought on the like of him." "I was only curious, Nurse; and I ami curious no longer." Nevertheless, Berna sighed as she walked out into the darkness ana stood for a minute beside the stream. After all, it is hard to have an illusion shattered; and it seemed a great humiliation to Ulick Boyle's daughter to find her dream knight vanish away and take the shape of Mr. Muir's son. 