A BOURKE SOTTATTRR's tttpwo , Mr Matthews, of Louth, formed one of a deputation, which recently Waited oil the Minister of Works, to represent . the . neces :Slty ot clearing'* road from Byrock to Louth. A Sydney correspondent of the Louih Liberal after saying a deputation should make itself a thorough, nuisance. to'th« Department de r , T , ' °'u ' tne,; Minister is nt a born ass, he'll let the deputation have anything :£t ..wants,'.' thug jocularly: deRcHbes the action of. Mr Matthews at, tbe said depu-' tational interview:-^' Mr Abbott rather un wisehr observed that the Government was actupljy' giving .the . country away for nothing to the people. This got the old man's mon key bp immediately, arid, fetching his fist on the table in n stylel that made every Wing on it do a war dance for 20 minutes, ! father Matthews, roared ;J Why, , bad 'cess' t.yoijr brogues, you nevor had any country to gire. _ The land, we are taking now belongs to tlie biaokf allows, and the, .onlyf:. thing iithe squatters have to thank you for is the gener jous yt ay you compensated them in their, bad ? : I. , ' I season's by raising their rents 400 per cent.-,' If it hadn't been for the squatfers, your liack country would lia^o boen a howling w.il dome. sa to-day. You' club-going, bingie biKsting. Sydney big bugs prato away like CockntMos, but the plain fact is many of you clon't know a tranuen about the thing at all Bravo men have luid down their lives to open op and improve those deserts, nnd (hen you think you do them a favor by allowing them to even look at the spots . they've cleared. One half of your legislative Solomons here don't know any more about a squatter's life than a bob-tailed bandicoot does of tho' ten: commandments. Only the other night one of your tailor's dummies bobbed lip 'and. said: ' The ???est way;to keep the land clear ;of;pine scrubs would be to shift' all the sand off the' runs.' Where in thunder w-nld he shift it 7 The smallest block runs is 6400 acres, and I'm snre a squatter would look happy wheel ing the sand off that; away, .across to; New Guinea, for that's the only spot; where he .rould be allowed to shoot' it. You have men down here making land laws and dictat ing to |lhe pioneers. ;of: Australia .what, they should do, and yet, by the ghost of Julius Cajsar's maiden aunt, if they were on a back block themselves, the very 'gohannas' and mopokes would turn up their snoutB in con tempt at their ignorance. We had one of these soft heads up at Wutagaona once, and, as heaven's my judge, the fellow could not find his way from the front door to the b*6k' yard, ?unless he had hold of a three railed fence to guide him. Then there was the hon orable member for somewhere else, who came on the Paroo for colonial experience, and, being asked to go out and help to 'tail' some cattle, tramped off with a butcher'* knife, and had three heifers' tails sawn off before anyone could stop him. Then, again, many of us have anothc^ grievance in the way we are' taxed,' to support a lot of ' well connected ' hammers.' who are sent out to kill rabbits on stations that have about as many rabbits as a hen has teeth. These fellows simply set up a humpy, and write learned reports about the way the buck rabbit holds his tail before he begins to make war on a Chinaman's cab bage garden, and, when that's through,-, he rides about the country like the Duke of Wellington at Waterloo, and has quite a gay old time'of it at every pub, that holds a keg of grog and a slate to chalk down his score on. Theso are some of the many things. Mr Abbott, that make sensible men so sick that thoy feel rendy to throw up, not only their inside apparalus.but their sqnattages also, and, should they db ' that, take my tip you'll havo a tough job to fill their places with -.men;: as good.as tbey :are. ? Now, .. just, uncork that bottle again, and let us ;wash out our mugs with Jameson's whisky disinfectant.' R'oari of lunghter greeted this speech — which I give'as near as Lean recollect — and Mr: Ab bott' at 'once placed himself id communication with Mr Suiveyor M'Furland touching 'the- business of the deputation.' 