GRENFELL HOSPITAL. A committee meeting was held in the Council Chambers, last Thursday evening. Present : — Messrs. Pyne (chair) Hill, Miller, Holten, Howarth, and the secretary. The minutes of previous meeting were read, and confirmed. The following accounts were submitted, and, after some discussion, passed : — Marks. £1 ; Hilder, 17s 9d ; Day, £5 8s 4d ; Graham, £1 10s 10d ; Ley, £2 17s 2½d ; Johnstone, 18s 4½d ; Bennett, £8 6s 8d ; Towle (previous account), £14 6s 9d ; Towle, £1 13s 4d ; Mohr, £15 ; Herald, 3s. The secretary stated that the expenses in Mohr's case amounted to £8. The medical report showed that, during the month one patient had been admitted, one dis- charged cured, and one remained in the institu- tion. The following correspondence was read and received : — Grenfell, 18th April, 1884. To the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, Sydney, Sir, — I have the honor, by direction of the Committee of the Grenfell District Hospital to bring under your notice the following facts : — 1st. That the committee, by resolution passed on the 6th March last, directed that in future all cheques drawn on the funds of the institu- tion shall be signed by the Treasurer, and coun- tersigned by the Secretaries, Messrs. M. C. Butchart and John D. Campbell. 2nd. That the direction of the committee in this respect has been disregarded, the hon. trea- surer, Mr. Purss, having absolutely refused to allow cheques to be countersigned, as autho- rised. I am further instructed to request that you will cause the Inspector of Public Charities to visit Grenfell at an early date, and institute an inquiry into the action of the treasurer, in dis- regarding the direction of the committee in re- gard to the countersigning of cheques, and also that the inquiry may be extended in a general way into the state of the hospital funds. I have the honor to be, &c;, John D. Campbell, Secretary. \------------------- Grenfell, 10th May, 1884. To the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, Sydney. Sir, — By desire of the committee of the Grenfell Hospital, I beg most respectfully to draw your attention to my letter of the 18th April last, requesting an inquiry into the action of the Hon. Treasurer in reference to the hospi- tal funds, and to state that it is still desirable an investigation should take place, as the differences existing between the committee and treasurer are of such a nature as to bring the working or management of the institution to a dead lock. The committee will be pleased to be informed what action (if any) is intended to be taken. I have the honor to be, &c;, John D. Campbell, Secretary. \------------------- Office Inspector Public Charities, Sydney, 23rd May, 1884. Sir, —I have the honor to state that on the 30th ult. I received, through the Principal Under Secretary, a letter forwarded by your committee to the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, requesting that I might be instructed to make a general examination of the accounts of the hos- pital. The letter also complained of the non- compliance of the Treasurer, Mr. Purss, with a direction of the committee, namely, that cheques should be countersigned by the secretaries, Messrs. Butchart and Campbell. I had hoped ere this to have gone to Gren- fell, but find myself each day so pressed with work, having, in addition to current calls made upon my time, to prepare my annual report, and to scrutinise the applications for subsidy from the various charities, that I cannot well leave Sydney. I therefore propose two alternatives, either of which I would be glad if the committee will ac- cept, viz. , to send my inquiry officer in my place, or to ask the committee and the treasurer to for- ward all vouchers, accounts, and the treasurer's cash and bank books, for examination down here ; subscription lists, and certificates as to petty cash and balances, would have to be in- cluded. In regard to the refusal of the treasurer to admit of the cheques being countersigned, I confess, without entering upon the advisability or otherwise of such course, a difficulty presents itself to my mind. Prior to the committee's letter of 18th April coming down to this office, Mr Purss called on me, and stated generally that he had received certain instructions from the committee inspect- ing the countersigning of cheques, which he had taken upon himself to disregard, and explain- ing his reasons, namely, that the said instruc- tions were not in conformity with the printed regulations under which the business should be conducted, and that until such rules were altered by the general body of the subscribers, he would shape his course rather by the rules than by any particular resolution of the committee, which he did not think could have equal force. Before taking up this matter, I would recom- mend the committee's serious consideration to the treasurer's objection. I have the honor to be, &c.;, Hugh Robison, Inspector Public Charities. I would wish the committee to understand that if they insist on my personal examination, I am ready to proceed to Grenfell, but if they left a choice in my hands, I would most prefer that the vouchers and books be produced here. I would see no delay took place in examining and returning them. — H.R. \-------------------- [Telegram.] From H. Robison, Inspector Public Charities, Sydney, to Hon. Secretary Hospital Com- mittee, Grenfell — Pray inform if letter of 23rd received, and whether committee accept any of suggestions for examination of accounts relative to difficulty with treasurer. Recommended that special general meeting of subscribers be called for con- sideration of rules. Great care necessary meet- ing is properly convened, and business con- ducted in correct form. Any alterations decided on might then be made in existing rules. Per- sonally approve countersigning cheques. \-------------------- Grenfell, 2nd May, 1884. W. Purss, Esq., Hon. Treasurer Grenfell Hospital. Dear Sir, — It having come to the knowledge of the Grenfell Hospital Committee that you have withdrawn the funds of the institution, amounting to over £200, from the A.J.S. Bank, I am directed by the committee to request to be informed by whose authority you have so acted ? Yours faithfully, John D. Campbell, Secretary . \---------------------- Grenfell, May 3rd, 1884 To the Secretary Grenfell Hospital. Dear Sir, — In reply to your letter of the 2nd instant, requesting to know by whose authority the funds of the hospital has been removed. In reply, I beg to refer you to a portion of the 6th clause in the bye-laws. Also instructions from the manager A. J. S. Bank, requesting me as treasurer to remove the funds. I have the honor to be, &c.-; William Purss, Hon. Trea. \---------------------- Grenfell, 3rd May, 1884. V. W. Giblin, Esq., General Manager A.J.S. Bank, Sydney. Dear Sir, — I have to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 25th April ult. , in reply to mine of the 19th of the same month, addressed to the directors of your bank. The committee of the Grenfell hospital regret that any misunderstanding should have arisen in their corporate capacity as the governing body of the local hospital and the managers or direc- tors of the A.J.S. Bank, regarding the funds of the institution, and are of opinion that none would have arisen had the matter not been mis- represented to you, or to the Board of Directors, or to both, by some person or persons unknown to the committee. My letter simply brought under, the notice of the directors the circular stances in connection with the countersigning of cheques drawn on the funds of the institution, requesting an explanation in reference to the ac- tion of the local manager in disregarding the committee's direction in this respect, in the face of his letter of the 12th March last, a copy of which was enclosed. The committee, in view of all the circum- stances surrounding the matter, consider they were justified in the course they have taken, and that the secretary's letter of the 19th April last afforded no grounds for the extreme course taken by the directors in ordering the committee to withdraw the hospital funds from the Grenfell branch of their bank, and that no action of the committee that has taken place could, with any show of justice, have led to such a result. The committee will feel obliged for a further ex- planation as to what has led to the decision that the hospital account in the Grenfell branch of your bank should be closed. Yours very truly, John D. Campbell, Secretary. \------------------------ The Australian Joint Stock Bank, Sydney, 6th May, 1884. John D. Campbell, Esq., Secretary Grenfell Hospital, Grenfell. Dear Sir, — I have received your letter of the 3rd instant, and placed it before the Board to- day. In reply, I have to convey to you the minute made by the Board, as follows : — ' The Bank does not wish to enter into the quarrels of the local members of the hospital committee.' There is no further explanation to give, as it was for the reason stated above that the Board gave instructions to have the account of the hos- pital closed at the Grenfell branch. Yours faithfully, Vincent W. Giblin, General Manager. \------------------------- Grenfell, 3rd May, 1884. C. G. Kent, Esq., Manager A. J. S. Bank, Grenfell. Dear Sir, — I have to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 28th April last, intimating that the hospital account should be closed, and that but one more entry, having this effect, would be permitted in the bank's books. Will you kindly furnish me, for the informa- tion of the committee, with your reason in re- quiring this to be done, as the committee are not aware of any action of their's that would warrant the extreme course taken as indicated by your letter of the date above mentioned. Yours very truly, John D. Campbell, Secretary. \---------------------- The Australian Joint Stock Bank, Grenfell, 6th May, 1884. The Secretary, the Grenfell Hospital, Grenfell. Dear Sir, — Having reference to your letter dated the 3rd instant, I beg to state that as I learn from the Grenfell Record that you have addressed yourself in a similar manner to the manager of this bank, I cannot presume to anticipate his reply. Yours truly, C. G. Kent, Manager. \------------------------- Resolved on the motion of Mr. Miller, seconded by Mr. Hill, that the Inspector of Charities be written to the effect that, in the event of his being unable to come, it was advisable that his inquiry officer should visit Grenfell. Plans for the proposed new hospital were sub- mitted— one from Mr. Cottey and one from Mr. Byrnes. Resolved, on the motion of Mr. Holten, seconded by Mr. Miller, that competitive plans and specifications be called for a brick building not to exceed £1000, and that £5 be paid for the design accepted. This concluded the business. ===================================== We are reluctantly compelled to hold over our Marsdens correspondent's letter till next issue. Mr. J. D. CAMPBELL, Secretary of the School of Arts, has handed us the following letter for publication : — Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 27th May, 1884. Sir, — I am directed by the Colonial Secretary to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd instant for- warding a letter from the Secretary of the Grenfell School of Arts, applying for an uncon- ditional grant of £100 for effecting repairs to that institution, and to inform you that your communication has been brought under the notice of the Minister of Public Instruction. I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant, Critchett Walker, Principal Under Secretary. R. M. Vaughn, Esq., M.P., Sydney. OBITUARY: — It is our sad duty to record the death of Mr. A. T. Halls, oldest son of Mr. Ralph Halls, of this town. Deceased, who was between seventeen and eighteen years of age, expired at his father's residence, last Tuesday afternoon, after a few days' illness, gastric fever being the chief complaint. The most wide- spread sympathy is felt for Mr. and Mrs. Halls and family in their distress at the loss of one so suddenly cut down in the flower and vigour of his youth. CATHOLIC. — The Rev. R. J. Carr, Diocesan Inspector of Catholic Schools, accompanied by Father O'Connell, arrived here on Sunday even- ing, and spent Monday examining the local school, conducted by the Misses McCaig. It must prove satisfactory to the parents to learn that a very marked improvement can be re- ported of the school, though some sixteen of the pupils were absent on the day of examination, which was accounted for by its being Monday, a busy day with housekeepers, and that, until late on Saturday night, it was not known that the examination was to take place on Monday. WE learn that the whole of the quartz tail- ings around Grenfell have been taken up by Mr. Crommelin (on behalf of a company) as gold- mining leases. It is the intention to treat the tailings by a new process, which has lately been patented, for the extraction of the gold which they contain. Expensive machinery will shortly be brought on the ground, and be the means of afford employment to a considerable number of of men. This introduction of foreign capital in the development of our mineral resources should be the dawn of a new era in the history of Gren- fell. Gold lies thickly around, but money is the power necessary to burst the huge granite sarcophagus wherein the treasure is enshrouded, and now that the refuse heaps around are attract- ing attention, we may hope to see operations commencing on our reefs. A LITTLE BOY, son of Mr. J. P. Olson, had a narrow escape on Monday morning last. The child ran up to the fire, and commenced swing- ing to the mantel-piece, when he fell, and his foot caching the handle of a saucepan of boil- ing porridge upset it ; the little fellow barely escaped receiving the whole contents over his body ; as it was he was saved partly by the fen- der, but still received a severe scalding. WE hear of numerous petty thefts lately. Mr Schweitzer left a number of very fine fuschias and other plants at his house in Weddin-street, and soon after discovered that they had been stolen. Mr. Schweitzer desires to inform the thief that there are still a few more plants left, together with some Bathurst burrs, and a mis- cellaneous assortment (job line) of Scotch- thistle (tearanprickumhandum), which he would be glad to see following the fuschias. Mr. J. LINDSAY WAUGH, formerly manager of the Grenfell branch of the A.J.S. Bank, has been appointed to the managership of the local branch of the Bank of New South Wales, which is about to be re-opened here. Mr. Waugh's appointment is most popular here, and the majority of Grenfellites will be glad to welcome back one who for several years took a leading and important part in everything that led to the advancement of the town and district. WE have been shown plans for the proposed new hospital, drawn by Mr. W. E. Cottey, of this town ; the design, both external and inter- nal, is an excellent one, presenting noticeable features in regard to ventilation, lighting, and general convenience, and the building, as shown on the plan, is designed with every regard to comfort, combined with practical utility. With- out going fully into details at present, we may state that the drawing is well worth inspection, and would convey a few valuable himts to per- sons about to build. We shall allude more fully to this matter when the committee decide on the designs submitted. ON Wednesday afternoon, the discordant braying of a brass band announced that Leon's Circus had arrived in Grenfell, and a perform- ance took place the same evening. We do not object to a circus, provided we are spared the infliction of being obliged to attend the per- formance, but what we do object to is the nuisance caused by these peripatetic players, and the filth they left behind them. These people may have hazy notions as to what constitutes a nuisance, and it might be well to enlighten them by prompt action on the part of the municipal authorities. For this company to settle down on a piece of spare ground in Main-street, and then march off, leaving their filth and refuse behind, without providing for its removal, was a piece of unmitigated impertinence and nastiness, and the Inspector of Nuisances would have done well had he, instead of engaging a man to cart away the leavings, sent a summons after the offenders. 4600 wethers (Badgery's), travelling for sale, in charge of Mr. A. C. R. Bowler, crossed the Common on Tuesday, bound for Goulburn. REFERRING to the Grenfell Land Office, the Barrangong Chronicle says : — The dupli- cation of Government officers in country districts is of course indispensable on the score of economy, but where arrangements are possible with a view to consult public convenience they should be made. The land officer at Grenfell also holds the position of Clerk of Petty Sessions, and it sometimes occurs on Thursdays, if there happens to be court business, intending selectors have to hang about for hours together, This occurred the week before last, on which occasion, as we hear, some of the selectors from a distance were detained until so late an hour that they could not return home the same night. If the matter were brought under notice of the honorary magistrates, we feel sure they would readily make such arrangements as would obviate this inconvenience. [We do not think the Chronicle can cite another instance where persons have been similarly inconvenienced ; furthermore, our contemporary would have found, on inquiry, that the Thursday in question was the day on which the Quarter Sessions and District Court were held.— Ed. G.R.] THE meeting of the committee of the P. and A. Association, called for Thursday last, was ad- journed for a week, owing to the unavoidable absence of several members, it being deemed advisable that the appointment of judges, &c;, should be made at a fuller meeting. PERMITTED TO PURCHASE. — Grenfell District — J. Hoskins, 1r 6p— £3 10s ; Robert W. Mel- drum (4), 2a each — £6 each ; all parish Brundah, county Montoagle. WE call attention to the pedestrian contest which is to take place between Logan and McDermott in the Oddfellows' Hall to-night. SELECTIONS. — The following selections were taken up at the local Land Office on Thursday — C. W. Adlam, 320 acres, county Forbes, parish Borrigan ; D. Budge, jun., 100 acres, county Bland, parish Barbigal ; T. Ticehurst, jun., 320 acres, county Forbes, parish Yuline ; J. Balfour, 60 acres, county Forbes, parish Melyra; D. Charters, 100 acres, county Forbes, parish Berrigan ; J. W. Wallace, 280 acres, county Forbes, parish Warraderry ; N. Z. L. Co., 40 acres, county Forbes, parish Maudry. A magnificent meteor burst over the town on Thursday night, taking a south-easterly direc- tion. The body appeared rose-coloured, in an envelope and tail of green, and during its flight illumined both earth and sky. 'We direct attention to Mr. Gates' advertise- ment in this issue. FORBES, WEDNESDAY. — Mr. J. L. Waugh, prior to leaving for Grenfell, where he has been appointed to the managership of the Bank of New South Wales, was entertained last night at the Osborne Hotel, by a few friends, who met to bid him farewell. The Mayor presided. — Light rain fell for about an hour this morning, but has now ceased. Appearances denote a further fall. The weather is very mild, and feed is growing rapidly. MR. DALTON, P.M. of Forbes. — It will be in the recollection of many of our readers that Mr. Dalton, police magistrate of Forbes, suddenly, and without any assignable cause, disappeared from that town some two years and a half ago, and has not since been heard of, in spite of the offer of a reward by the Government. We are now assured by five gentlemen, long residents of Forbes, and intimately acquainted with Mr. Dalton, that they firmly believe they saw that gentleman at Manly on Sunday. Information has been given to the proper department, and we may reasonably hope for a speedy solution of the mystery if the gentlemen were not mistaken, which is unlikely. — Evening News. SUTTORA, the man arrested in Adelaide for the murder of an Austrian named Andrea Ossalgnack near the Nyngam-Bourke railway extension, in March, jumped overboard from the steamer which was conveying him to Sydney on Sunday last. The vessel was off Cape Nelson at the time. Suttora was drowned. AT a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Australian Joint Stock Bank Mr. Francis Adams was appointed general manager, in the room of the late Mr. V. W. Giblin. Mr. Adams has been for 31 years in the bank, and for many years was assistant manager in charge of the head office. THE flour market continues steady both in demand and prices. No wheat is arriving except intercolonial. Prices remain at 4s 6d, a large line has been sold below. Melbourne quotations, Flour is up to £8 10s ; wheat, 4s 3d. Adelaide, £8 10s to £9 10s ; Wheat, 4s to 4s 1d. INFORMATION has been received that dynamite emisaries threaten to destroy buildings in all British possessions abroad, and the Government has taken steps for the protection of buildings in Sydney, by the employment of extra police. The incoming mail steamer from San Francisco will undergo a strict search. A pastoral letter from Bishop Barry was read in all the Anglican churches for the continued and increased support to the church society, as the outlaying country districts and the poorer quarters of the city cannot be self-supporting, and the society must take the initiative in meet- ing the needs and opportunities of church ex- tension. MR. ROBERT H. FERRIER, of Narrandera, storekeeper, has applied to the court for the compulsory sequestration of the estate of Mr. Robert Barbour, member of the Legislative As- sembly. The date to show cause has been fixed for the twelfth June, instant. PARLIAMENTARY. — Mr. Combes being still too unwell to attend in Parliament and move his resolution for the rescission of the first stand- ing orders, the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday were quickly got to work upon the Land Bill. Clause 27, which lays down what areas may be conditionally selected in the various divisions of the colony, was discussed at great length. The maximum for the eastern division was fixed at 640 acres as in the bill. An amendment to make the maximum in the central division 640 acres also was negatived by 48 to 19, and a further attempt to fix it at 1280 acres was negatived by 42 to 21. Tims left the maximum at 2560 acres, as proposed in the bill. Amendments to make the proviso as to special areas apply to the central and western, as well as the eastern division, was agreed to, and it was resolved to strike out the minimum of 40 acres provided in the clause. The clause as amended was carried on a division of 22 to 17. Clause 28 was agreed to, and some verbal amendments were made in clause 29. In the same clause an amendment was moved by Mr. Slattery to reduce the deposit from 23, as in the clause, to 1s. At this stage the debate was adjourned. SOME changes have been made in the arrange- ment of the matches for the tour of the Australian Eleven in England : — The match against Past and Present of Cambridge University, on August 25, will take place at Brighton instead of at Cambridge ; the match against the South of England will be played on August 28, at Gravesend, instead of the Oval ; whilst prior to the departure of the team fixtures against Eng- land elevens will be played at Derby and Ken- nington, the Surrey County Club giving the ground on the latter occasion. THE murderers of the young women in Aus- tria, who were decoyed from their homes on promises of marriages, and then robbed of their savings and killed, were executed on May 22. A few persons were admitted by ticket. Schlos- sarek was first led out. After kissing the hands of the priest, and while the final preparations were being mace he begged those present to for give his crimes. He cursed Hugo Schenk. Schenk was then brought forward. He smiled at the spectators and then looked at the body of Schlossarek, with a forced smile he asked the assistant to say farewell to his wife for him ; and even after the rope had been drawn round his neck he tried to smile. FOUR school boys, varying in age from 13 to 9 years, were charged at the Highgate Police Court with wilfully obstructing the line of goods siding by Hornsey station, by placing stones, pieces of brick, and a key between the points, thereby causing two laden trucks to leave the rails. The facts were admitted, the defendants pleaded that they did not think that the trucks would have been thrown from the metals. They were sentenced to be birched. COLD water has been effectually dashed upon the project, in London, to erect a memorial to Charles Dickens by the calling to mind of this passage from his will : — ' I conjure my friends on no account to make me the subject of any monument, memorial, or testimonial whatever. I rest my claim to the remembrance of my country upon my published works.' IT is said that a complete reconciliation has taken place between the Prince and Princess Frederick Charles of Prussia. The latter re- turned to Berlin, from Dessau, a few weeks ago, and was received at the railway station by her august consort, with whom she drove to the castle in an open carriage. TEXAS reports 'the following as a ghost story, the locality being Turnersville : — Just at the moment of the dissolution of a Mrs. Reneau, six coffins were seen to come and hover over the house and then glide gently upward, to the sound of sweet and melodious music. Several truthful persons claim to have witnessed the spectacle. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS. — Changes of temperature and weather frequently upset persons who are most careful of their health, and particularly in their diet. These corrective, purifying, and gentle aperient Pills are the best remedy for all defective action of the digestive organs. They augment the appetite, strengthen the stomach, correct biliousness, and carry off all that is noxious to the system. Holloway's Pills are composed of rare balsams, unmixed with baser matter, and on that account are peculiarly well adapted for the young, delicate and aged. As this peerless medicine has gained fame in the past, so will it preserve it in the future by its renovating and invigorating qualities, and the impossibility of its doing harm. The net balance of the national debt of the United Kingdom for the year 1883 was £719,463,108. The net interest for the year amounted to £29,679,098. The estate of Robert Jones, storekeeper at Harden, has been assigned for the benefit of his creditors. 