PUBLISHED DAILY I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS Letters and other communications intended for inser- tion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejectecd letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons Inte- rested, we have to request that all business com- munlcations, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittance, be addressed to Wilson and Mackinnon, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments by post offfice order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige._____________ MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1884. Mr. BERRY, it seems, has resolved upon a new departure. Never more--so he informed the country at Ballarat--will he mention the name of Major SMITH, and never again will he describe the Ministry as a coalition Government. On the one hand he repudiates his old acquaintance and those who cling to the outcast, and on the other hand his present associates are to be no longer accidental allies, but are to be taken to his heart as friends. The occasion of this final break and full union is the attack made upon the Chief Secre- tary in Parliament last week. He was silent in the Assembly, but none the less did he feel the stings. He describes the conduct of which he complains as " dastardly. " His reply to the charge that he has "betrayed the great Liberal "party," and "led it into a trap" is cer- tainly tolerably complete, for he can say with truth that the party as a whole is quite satisfied with its position and his services. And equally are the as- sailants out of court when, ignoring the party assent, they taunt Mr. BERRY with an abandonment of old principles. There are sentences in the Ballarat ad- dress which will be as swords in the Smith armoury and as arrows in the Mirams quiver. Thus the Chief Secre- tary describes the reform of the Council which was accomplished as being " as large an alteration in the constitution of our country as probably ís safe for any country in the world to have a tone time. " There could scarcely be a keener con- demnation than this of the old radical aggression (of the plebiscite, the nominee Upper House, and the 5th clause), and of the constitutional stand for steady progress on the old lines. Mr. MIRAMS has seized upon the statement in ques- tion, we may be sure, and has duly entered it in his pocketbook for use in Red Indian fashion, when he has his victim tied to a tree by Parliamentary forms, on some future occasion. But then all taunts about forsaking prin- ciples are set aside by the notorious fact that the objection is not to the coalition Government, but to the exclusion of the complainants therefrom. The objection is not to the pie, but is that others have the plums. And here it is that Mr BERRY most bitterly reproaches the Nameless One. Incidentally he reveals for our edifica- tion and amusement a little bit of secret and personal political history. As there was no chance of forming a Radical Government after the elections of 1883, Major SMITH, it seems, urged on the coalition, knowing that his chief and friend would give him at any rate a place in the <inisterial ranks. But when Mr.SERVICE and Mr. BERRY came to exchange lists the constitutional leaders would not go on unless Major SMITH'S name was struck out. The revelations of the Education Commis- sion had taken place. The Constitutional party was pledged to the ears to abolish political patronage, and it con- sidered that it would be shamed and stultified by adopting the gentleman who personified that evil. A choice had to be made between a Ministry and the Major. "Some natural tears were shed." and then sadly and reluctantly Mr. Berry tore himself from his lieutenant, hoping the best and yet fearing the worst. Such at least we presume is the inter- pretation of the Ballarat remarks :-- "He (the Nameless One) knew that it was not my fault that he was not my colleague in this Government, but because it was said by members of the Government that owing to some of his acts in the previous Parliament, he of all men must not be in this Govern- ment. Therefore I was not a free agent. He knew that. I told him myself, and expressed my regret. He has visited at my house since and been on friendly terms with me." Mr. BERRY'S experience of radical poli- ticians can scarcely have been a happy one. He describes them as fighting for their own hands, and consequently he quite expectcd that Major SMITH would watch and wait to trip up the Coalition Ministry, and Mr. BERRY would have seen nothing unfair or unpatriotic in such tactics. But he complains that the private stabs Major SMITH inflicted are unjust and unfair. And here, undoubtedly, he is right, for personal remarks are always to be depre- cated, and Major SMITH is the last man who should bite where, according to Mr. DEAKIN, he used to fawn and lick. The radicals will not object to this mighty breach. As Mr. JAMES said last week, they had grown sick and tired of seeing Major SMITH monopolise all Mr. BERRY'S favours. No one will listen to his wails. His fate is that of Gray's tabby which tumbled into a tub-- "No dolphin came, no Nereid stirred, Nor cruel Tom nor Susun heard ; A favourite has no friend !" And constitutionalists will heartily congratulate the Chief Secretary upon this thorough shaking off of old associates and associations. He is a politician who easily takes the colour of his surroundings, as is shown by the admirable and astonishing enthusiasm with which he can now speak of middle-class Council, of appointments by merit, and of the commercial management of the railways. When leaning upon Major SMITH, he was led into the mud. Walking arm in arm with Mr. SERVICE, we may trust and believe that his paths will be those of pleasantness, and his ways those of peace._____________________ In the April number of the 'Nineteenth Century' we find the Sunday opening question discussed by Mr. CHARLES HILL, secretary of the Working Men's Lord's Day Rest Association. As might have been anticipated, the views which Mr. HILL enunciates are diametrically opposed to those advocated a month previously by Lord DUNRAVEN in the same review. We have already spoken at considerable length of Lord DUNRAVEN'S paper, and now propose to indicate the character of Mr. HILL'S reply. Mr. HILL begins by quoting the opinions of several men, eminent as politicians and as authors, in regard to the desirability of securing to the people the enjoymont of a weekly day of rest. This term he nowhere explicitly de- fines. He appears, however, to assume that it is the exact antithesis of day of work. Now to make this assumption is really tantamount to begging the whole question. But without insisting further on this obvious conclusion, we will grant without demur that "Sunday opening cannot be achieved without Sunday labour." We will admit, further, that "Sunday labour should be limited to that which is strictly necessary." But we cannot see that either proposition involves as a necessary consequence that if men may be rightly employed at museums on Sundays, there is not a trade in the country which may not with a greater show of reason be kept in operation on the day of rest. Mr. HILL, however, has no scruple about the correctness of this deduction from his premises. Moreover, he is not satisfied with contending that the Sunday opening of museums and picture galleries must involve some direct increase of Sunday labour. On the contrary, he insists on deducing a wide and sweeping generalisation. This is to the effect that the reflex action of Sunday opening will inevitably be felt in all departments of human labour. But how comes it that in the English towns which enjoy the boon, for which the intelligent London workman sighs in vain, this reflex action has as yet produced no sensible effect ? The open- ing of the national museums will lead, at most, to a different distribution of the working time of certain officials, and to the employment on the weekly day of rest of a comparative handful of men. Is it reasonable to anticipate that the reflex action of this handful must be wider and more far-reaching than the reflex action of an equal body em- ployed, say in the railway service of Great Britain ? Yet Sunday trains have been an institution in England for at least a generation without leading the people, as a body, to display the slightest tendency towards the sur- render of their weekly day of rest. A large part of Lord DUNRAVEN'S article was devoted to a discussion of the value of a verdict in favour of Sunday opening, which was pronounced by a body of representative delegates, chosen by the members of certain workmen's societies and organisations in the London district. Lord DUNRAVEN explained how these delegates were selected, and contended that their votes were of special significance, because because recorded the views of workmen, ascertained by actual decision, after careful discussion and debate. Mr. HILL proves to his own satisfaction that Lord DUNRAVEN over-estimates both the importance of this result and the actual number of the persons by whom the delegates were appointed. But he does not attempt to dispute Lord DUNRAVEN'S general conclusion that at least a minority of the intelligent voting men of London are in favour of Sunday opening. Lord DUNRAVEN alleged that, by way of reply to the vote of the representative delegates, the Lord's Day Rest Association had published statistics which were utterly misleading. His lordship said that these statistics had been obtained by putting a false issue before the managers and committees of working men's associations, instead of appealing to working men themselves. Moreover, he complained that the Lord's Day Rest Association had appealed to provincial organisations in regard to a matter affecting the working men of London. Mr. HILL simply confirms the general fairness of Lord DUNRAVEN'S statements. He shows, it is true, that Lord DUNRAVEN only quoted a portion of the circular issued by the Lord's Day Rest Association. But at the same time he in no way weakens the force of Lord DUNRAVEN'S contentions. Of these, one was that the opinions obtained by that association were not on the narrow question of the desirability of the Sunday opening of museums, but on the general issue of the advisability of opposing the increase of Sunday labour. The other was that the answers obtained were not from the workmen themselves. Moreover, Lord DUNRAVEN questioned the accuracy of the numerical results as published. In rejoinder, Mr. HILL insists that the appeal made by the Lord's Day Rest Association was both fair and conclusive. But, at the same time he admits that it was from managers and committees that opinions were obtained, and that of the 2,195 provincial organisations represented in his statistics the numbers amounted to 460,524, while of the 217 London organisations the numbers were oly 41,181. Mr. HILL of course denies that the question was one with which only London working men were concerned. But make the opposite assumption, as Lord DUNRAVEN does, and it will be seen that Mr. HILL's figures only strengthen the argument of the statistical portion of his lordship's paper. Mr. HILL's paper consists, if we ex- cept the statistical section, of repeated variations on the theme that Sunday opening ought to be resisted, because it tends to break down the legal and moral barriers which do so much to pre- serve the Sunday as a day of rest from labour. He knows perfectly well that the experiment of Sunday opening has been tried in many places ; and that if the dangers which he dreads were in any degree tangible, he would be able to speak of them as matters of fact, and not as matters of prophecy. He states that the present aspect of popular feeling towards Sunday ob- servance is the result of the religious teaching in our churches and chapels for centuries past. Can he be aware that in the beginning of the seventeenth centuiy English divines announced from their pulpits that to do any work on Sunday was as grievous a sin as to commit murder ? Has he ever heard of the Transatlantic spirit of uncon- trolled Sabbatical Puritanism as ex- hibited in such a regulation as this :--"If any man shall kiss his wife, or wife her husband, on the Lord's Day, the party in fault shall be punished at the discretion of the matistrate"? Yet but half a century or so earlier JOHN KNOX could seo no harm in meeting friends at a Sunday evening supper, and tradition asserts that CALVIN played bowls on Sunday afternoons, in profound uncon- sciousness of the deadly nature of his sin. But we need not trace the changes and the growth of English popular sentiment in regard to Sunday. It is enough for our purpose to quote the opinion expressed by Mr. ABRAHAM HAYWARD two and twenty years ago, that the English observance of the weekly day of rest is, like many other customs and institutions, the result of a wise compromise--a compromise be- tween those who wanted to make Sun- day a mere festival and those who de- sired to convert it into a Pharisaical Sabbath. This tendency to compromise is now acting in the direction of further relaxation in established custom. Recreation, in the way not of idleness, but of change of occupation, is being more and more acknowledged as a necessity of man's nature. We agree with Lord DUNRAVEN that the observance of the Sunday may be more and more adapted to human needs without the slightest trace of irreverence in our interpretation of a Divine command. We are thankful that we live in an age of toleration ; and that, year by year, a larger and larger pro- portion of the English-speaking race are accepting the spirit, if not acting on the letter, of LUTHER'S celebrated command :--"If anywhere the day is made holy for the mere day's sake \--if anyone anywhere sets up its observance on a Jewish foundation, then I order you to work on it, to ride on it, to dance on it, to feast on it, to do anything that shall remove this encroachment on Christian liberty. "___________ The tramways have seemed of late to the public as far off as Lochaber, but a suggestion is before the trust which should bring them a good deal nearer than they were a week back. A hitch has occurred in connexion with the de- bentures and it will be necessary to ask Parliament to cure a legal defect before the trust can go to the London market to raise the three-quarters of a million of money which it requires. But the pro- posal is now made to construct one trial or experimental line with money which could be obtained at once in the colony. The interest will be higher than the London rate, but this difficulty is met so far as the trust is con- cerned by the company undertaking to make good the difference. As was to be expected, the trust is favourably disposed to this arrangement, and probably, the preliminaries will be settled without delay, and then one line at least will be at work by Christinas. The advantage of the experiment will be very great. There are critics who say that though the cable system is a success in San Francisco and in Chicago it will not do for Melbourne. Their great point is that as the cable to which the cars are attached when in motion is always travelling at the full speed the cars cannot be taken over the busy crossings at the slow pace consistent with safety. Other objections might disclose themselves, and a trial would enable the public to see whether the new system was convenient or not, and if the verdict was unfavourable to adopt some other plan before committing itself to an enormous investment. The test line should undoubtedly be the penny fare route from the Spencer street station into the city if it is possiblo to make a commencement there, for the cars will work amidst the busiest traffic, and with a heavy gradient against them. If tho cable is a success upon that line, it will answer anywhere. But of course, a motor power is required. A start must be made at a cable end--that is, at a place where a station house is to be erected--and in this matter the trust is very much in the hands of the company as the company is very much under the authority of circumstances and its engineer. Station sites which would suit the engineer may not be obtainable, and sites which are obtainable may not fulfil the requirements of the engineer. How- ever, the arrangement has been suggested in the best possible spirit. The company, with its own heavy stake, must be as de- sirous of a full trial as the public can be, and all that we would urge is that if there is to be an experiment anywhere it should be made quickly.___________ The match between the Austrilian Eleven and the North of England was concluded on Friday, the Australians being beaten in one innings with 22 runs to spare. The English men finished their innings for 220, the only double figure scores, except Hornby and Barnes, being Briggs, who made 22. The Australians in their second innings were all disposed of for 107 runs, chiefly through the fine bowling of Peate, who took five wickets for 20 runs. Blackham was the highest scorer with 32, McDonnell coming next with 23\. The Australians have now won seven matches and lost four, one being drawn. On Thursday they commence a match with the Gentlemen of England on the Oval. By the death of Prince Alexander of Orange, the heir apparent to the kingdom of the Netherlands, the extinction in the male line of one of the most illustrious of the Royal families of Europe is foreshadowed. King William III is 67 years old, and the only members of the family now left are his sister, the Princess Sophie, who is married to the reigning Grand Duke ofSaxe Weimar, by whom she has several children, and an infant daughter between three and four years of age. The King of the Netherlands married, in 1879, as his second wife, the Princess Emma, daughter of the reigning Prince of Waldeck, and sister to the Duchess of Albany. The late Prince of Orange was born on 25th August, 1851, and was never married. The electric telegraph department has received a message from Shanghai, dated 20th June, stating that the Siberian lines are interrupted. The R.M.S.S. Assam, with the mails from England via Suez, and also the India and China mails, arrived in the bay early yester- day morning. The English mails brought by the Assam are to date 16th ult. They were landed yesterday in a little over 36 days. The Assam has done good work since leaving Suez, and was thus enabled to be here so soon. The mails were contained in 297 bags and packages, apportioned thus:--Melbourne, 91 ; Geelong and Western district, 20 ; Tas- mania, 28 ; New Zealand, 43 ; New South Wales, 93 ; Queensland, 13 ; Noumea, 6 ; and three for the naval squadron. The mails for Sydney were despatched by special train. Those for Tasmania will leave today by the s.s. Pateena, and for New Zealand tomorrow by the s.s. Ringarooma. The gunboats Victoria and Albert, and the torpedo boat Childers, left Sydney on Satur- day morning for Melbourne. The Minister of Defence received a telegram from Captain Thomas on Saturday stating that Lieutenant Collins was very unwell, and that it was probable that he would remain in Sydney until his convalescence. There are not many orders of the day on the notice paper of the Legislative Council for tomorrow, and the principal business will be the second reading of the Attorneys and Solicitors' Remuneration Bill, and the Married Women's Property Bill. It is hardly likely that the House will sit on Wednesday or Thursday. In the Assembly the debate on Mr. Service's motion for the adoption of the Sydney Convention resolutions will be commenced by Mr. Pearson, and there is some prospect that the question will either be disposed of by the conclusion of Thurs- day's sitting, or that the debate will be almost ended by that time. Private mem- bers business will be called on at 9 o'clock on Wednesday. Mr. Service expects to be in a position to deliver his budget speech about the second week in July, and soon afterwards he will ask for supplies for a month or two. It has been suggested to Mr. Service that he should have his speech in the Assembly on Thursday, on the Convention resolutions printed in pamphlet form for distribution among the leading public men in all the colonies. Although be is conscious that upon a less important subject he could have spoken more effectively, he is inclined to believe that if the proposal were carried out some good results might be attained. He has therefore adopted the suggestion, and the speech will be posted in a few days to the gentlemen to whom it is desired it should be sent. Some comment has been made upon the delay on the part of the Government in seek- ing the adoption of the Convention resolutions by the Parliament of Victoria, and it is not unlikely that some reflections to the same effect will be made during the debate to be resumed in the Legislative Assembly to- morrow. It should be remembered, how- ever, that Mr. Service has only acted in accordance with an arrangement arrived at between the Premiers. He was anxious when the Convention rose to have a special session of Parliament immediately, in order that the resolutions might be at once endorsed, but as Mr. Stuart, of New South Wales, desired that his Government should take the first step, and as it was impossible for them to do so at an early period, Mr. Service agreed to postpone the meeting of our Legislature. He would have met Parliament much sooner than he did had not other Premiers--Major Atkinson and Mr. Giblin particularly--inti- mated that they could not alter their arrange- ments for commencing their sessions belore June or July. Any action Victoria could have taken by itself would have had no effect, as it was necessary that all the colonies should deal with the resolutions about the same time. Under the circumstances, therefore, Mr. Service saw that it would be very little use summoning Parliament, as has been con- tended, early in the year to deal with the convention proposals. General McIver, who recently arrived in the colony, had an interview on Saturday with Mr. Service, and offered to lead an expe- dinon into New Guinea it the Australian Governments would equip it. Mr. Service informed him that it was hardly likely that any such proposal would be entertained at pre- sent, and that if an expedition was decided upon the Governments would not care to place it under his command on account of the antagonism he has shown to the home Govern- ment. General McIver remarked that he was not antagonistic to the home Govern- meunt, but had merely had a misunderstand- ing with certain officers in the Colonial Office who had the ear of Lord Derby. He then said that, if the Governments of Australasia would countenance such a proceeding, he would undertake to organise an exploring party with the assistance of private persons, but Mr. Service replied that such a course would not be sanctioned. It must necessarily be for speculative purposes.with a view to the acquirement of land from the natives, and the Sydney Convention had decided that if ever the government of New Guinea was vested in the colonie s no contracts made with the aboriginal inhabitants for the pur- chase of territory would be recognised. Mr. James Campbell has introduced a bill in the Legislative Council to provide for the remuneration of attorneys and solicitors. Under the new measure it would still be competent for an attorney or solicitor and client to agree on the form and amount of remuneration for professional services. The agreement must be in writing. It may include or be irrespective of disbursements, but if proved to have been entered into by the client on misrepresent- ation, then it may be cancelled by order of the court or judge, who may direct any question of fact to be decided by a jury, in the same manner as a Court of Equity prior to the passing of the Judicature Act 1883. The professional adviser is prohibited from purchasing the interest or any part of the in- terest of his client, and an attempt to do this would vitiate any agreement between solicitor and client. Proivision is made in case of the death or incapacity of the attorney, for the amount due by the client to be asertained by taxation. In case of negligence or delay, the court would have power to cancel the agreement. The last clause in the bill pro- vides that an attorney or solicitor may take from his client security for costs and charge interest. It was mentioned sometime ago that the Commissioner of Public Works, at the request of local pipe manufacturers, had agreed to afford special facilities to enable them to tender for 715 tons of pipes required for Yan Yean extensions. The concessions had refer- ence to the delivery of the material, and so far as was consistent with public require- ments they were in the opinion of the department, very liberal. The tenders were opened on Thursday,but as there were no offers from local manufucturing firms the contract was let to an importer. The Commissioner of Public Works has called for tenders for the aqueduct to divert the Silvery Creek into the Wallaby Creek, for the purpose ol augmenting the water supply of Melbourne. The tenders are to be sent in before the 17th of July. The Mining department has accepted the tender of Philip Bevan at schedule rates for repairs to diamond drills and supply of fittings for the ensuing year. Mr. Quong Tart, a Chinese merchant of Sydney, has had an interview with Mr. Ser- vice and Mr. Berry in reference to his proposal to secure uniform legislation in the colonies to prohibit the importation of opium except- ing for medicinal purposes. The interview was a very satisfactory one, both Ministers agreeing with their visitor that it was desir- able to cheek the great consumption of the drug, but as the meeting, was of an informal character it was decided that the matter should be further dealt with in a few days. Mr. Berry arranged with Mr. Quong Tart for an early visit to the Chinese quarters in the city and suburbs in order that they might have an opportunity of judging to what ex- tent the use of opium is the cause of the wretchedness and misery which are the characteristics of those places. Among the improvements effected on the Hawthorn to Camberwell railway line is the erection of swing gates at the Glenferrie level crossing, worked from the signal box, on the same principle as the Swan street gates. They were worked satisfactorily on Saturday and Sunday, and the same principle will be applied to the wickets for pedestrians. At the usual monthly meeting of the com- mittee of the Victorian Shipowners Associa- tion held on Friday last, Mr, Hugh R. Reid in the chair, the question of connecting the new lighthouses at Cliffy Island and Cape Nelson by telegraph with Melbourne came under discussion. The Postmaster-General considered that there was no immediate necessity for insurring such an expenditure, but a very strong opinion was expressed by the nautical members of the committee that in the interests of life and property the lighthouse keeper at Cliffy Island and Cape Everard should be in a position to telegraph to Melbourne for prompt assistance in the event of any wreck or casualty occuring within signalling distance. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs being the official specially charged with the safety of the travelling public, it was resolved to write to that gentleman con- veying the views of the association on the subject. The action of Cooper v. Dangerfield was concluded in the Supreme Court on Satur- day before His Honour Mr. Justice Higin- botham and a special jury of six. The plaintiff, Mr. A. Cooper sued the defendants who are owner of a foundry adjoining his house to recover damages for a nuisance caused to his premises by the existence of the foundry. He complained of the soot and smoke and the sparks that came from the foundry, and also complained of the vibra- tion caused to his house by a Chilian mill and a fan worked at the foundry, and also that an accumulation of refuse had been allowed to take place. The defendants denied the charges and as an equitable plea, asserted that the plaintiff had allowed them to expend money on the foundry for several years without remonstrance. The jury as to some of the complaints found in favour of the plaintiff with £200 damages, and as to others for the defendants. They also found that the plaintiff had acquiesced. The effect of these findings will afterwards be deter- mined by the Full Court. At the Central Criminal Court on Saturday three men named Thomas Jones, Patrick Alban, and Rudolph Freeboth, were charged with having on the 21st April last assaulted and robbed one John Gray, an engineer. Mr. Gray was returning from South Melbourne, when he was assailed by three men and was robbed of a watch and chain. It was proved that Jones shortly after the robbery at- tempted to sell the watch to several persons and that Alban had also been in possession of the watch. The jury found Jones and Alban guilty of receiving, and acquitted Freeboth. Sentence was deferred. The following is the statement of the Supreme Court Library Fund on the first day of Trinity term :--Receipts--Balance from Easter term, £221 10s 6d., fees, students at law, £10 10s ; barristers, £157 10s.; articled clerks, £29 8s.; examination fees (attorneys), £31 10s.; fees on admission of attorneys, £126 ; interest £65 10s.; total, £641 18s. 6d. Expenditure--Books, £36 8s. 6d.; binding, £9 7ss 6d.; librarian's salary, £125 ; sundries, £45 3s.; balance £425 19s. 6d.; total £641 18s. 6d. Number of books in the library on first day of Easter term, 11,569 ; since added, 365 ; total now in the library, 11,934. Mr. Justice Higinbotham formally opened the Banco Court on Saturday, but, as none of the judges were available for the transaction of business the Court was adjourned till Tuesday. Amongst the passengers for Europe by the M.M.S.S. Melbourne, which sailed on Satur- day was Mr. R. S. Smyth, the well-known manager. The race meeting held on the Caulfield course on Saturday afternoon was a very successful affair. The weather was pleasant and there was a good attendance on the ground. The opening event on the pro- gramme was the Hurdle Race which was won from start to finish by Merri ; Concord was second and Musidora third. Only three horses started for the Victoria Gold Cup which fell an easy victory to Fickle, ridden by Mr. Glasscock: Black Jacket stopped in front of the stand and Gilderoy baulked so frequently that Fickle was able to canter half the distance, and won by half a mile. The Ladies' Trophy was won by The Ghost ; Primus was second, and Duenna third. Strangely enough a horse named The Ghost won this race last year. The Open Steeplechase brought out 15 starters, the winner being Stampede ; Fickle was second and Australian Court third. The racing terminated with the Richmond Handi- cap which was won by Black Diamond ; Primus was second, and Lyons Lady third. Duenna fell near the turn into the straight and Lesbia fell over her. Burton, who rode Lesbia, got a severe fall, and was seriously injured. He was taken to the Alfred Hos- pital, and is in a critical state. The Gipps Land Lakes Navigation Company have decided to run their steamers, in accordance with the announcement in our shipping columns, till further notice, giving a daily steamer to and from Bairnsdale up the Tambo to Bruthen landing twice a week, and to and from Rosherville and the Lakes Entrance three times a week. Combined ex- cursion tickets, to include railway and steamer fares, can be obtained at the Prince's bridge station. The annual sermons on behalf of the Victoria Parade Congregational Sunday school were preached at the Victoria Parade Congre- gational Church on Sunday, by the Rev. J. H.L. Zillmann, morning and evening. There were large congregations on both occasions. Mr. Zillmann in the morning took for his text the15th verse of the 3rd chapter of 2nd Timothy. In the afternoon the Rev. Joseph King, South Melbourne, delivered an address to scholars, parents, and friends. Selected hymns were sung by the scholars and the choir, conducted by Mr. Shearer, superin- tendent, Mr. Hayes presiding at the organ. The church was very prettily decorated. Collections were male on behalf of the Sunday school funds. On Tuesday evening the annual tea meeting will be followed by a public meeting at which the scripture cantata, "The Choicest Gift," will be rendered. Special services in celebration of the rgirty- third anniversary of the Albert street Baptist Church, Melbourne, were held in that place of worship yesterday. The Rev. S. Chapman conducted the morning service, and preached a sermon on Christ's silence when asked by Pilate whence He came. The evening dis- course was delivered by the Rev. D. Jones Hamer. Both services were well attended, and the result of the collections in aid of the church funds was highly satisfactory. The annual tea meeting is to be held tomorrow evening. The Rev. P.Bailhache will preside and among the speakers an- nounced are the Revs. S. Chapman, W. C. Bunning, W. H. Evans, and J. Watsford. Selections of sacred music will be rendered by the choir. Collections were made in all the Roman Catholic Churches of the city and suburbs yesterday to supplement the fund that is now being raised by a committee of Catholic ladies for the establishment in Melbourne of a branch of the "Sisters of the Poor." This comparatively new order of nuns has attained a widespread popularity in the old world centres on account of the general and un- sectarian spirit in which their charitable actions are performed. They devote their philanthropic efforts principally to the succour and assistance of helpless, indigent old age, irrespective of creed or nationality. Arhbishop Goold has considered the present time opportune for introducing the sisters to this colony, and hence the efforts that are now being made to raise the necessary funds for founding a branch of the order on some central site in the city. At all the Roman Catholic churches yesterday the officiating clergymen commended the good work to the liberality of their congregations. Special appeals were made in the two metro- politan churches by the Rev. T. Cahill, S. J., at St. Patrick's Cathedral ; and by the Rev. Father Moore, O.C.C., at St. Francis's. Lons- dale street. At the former, Hummel's "Mass in D" was performed by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Alfied Plumpton ; the principal vocalists being Mrs. Cutter, Miss Sinnott, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Montague. Madame Carlotta Tasca presided at the organ, and at the offertory Mr. John Radcliff played with his well-known skill an offertory piece by Beethoven. At St. Francis's Church, Lonsdale Street, the music consisted of Hummel's "Mass in E flat," with Signora Coy, Signora Venosta, Signor Coy, Mr. B. T. Moroney, and Mr. W. R. Furlong in the principal parts. Mr. Chas Sykes was the organist, and Mr. Furlong the conductor. A small fire, which is supposed to be the work of an incendiary, occurred in a wood shed and carpenter's shop at the rear of the premises of Mr. Chas. Stuttart, contractor, Boundary Road, Malvern, shortly before 8 o'clock last night. The building and its con- tents were totally destroyed, but owing to the absence from home of the family, no parti- culars could at the time be obtained as to the origin of the fire. It was subsequently ascer- tained, however, by the police that the house was broken into and robbed during the absence of the family at church, and it is sup- posed that the fire was the work of an incen- diary. Inquiries are being made into the matter. An old military pensioner, William Smith, died on the 17th inst. in the Homoeopathic Hospital, Melbourne, from abscess of the lung, having been admitted a few days previously in a very bad state. From his papers, it appeared that he served as a gunner and corporal in the artillery for over 22 years, out of which time he was nearly 13 years in India. The record further shows that he received a medal in connexion with the Indian mutiny, with a clasp for bravery at Lucknow. He left the service in 1878, and arrived in the colony in 1881, but has no relatives here, the only one disclosed by his papers being a niece in America. With reference to the Tarrengower Austra- lian Gold-mining Company, floated by Mr. John McIntyre, our London correspon- dent. writing on May 16, says :--" On Monday, May 4, the company was publicly advertised. The capital of the company is £120,000 in £1 shares, of which 50,000 are offered for subscription. 20,000 fully paid up are to be allotted to the vendor in part pay- ment for the property, and he is to receive in addition £25,000 in cash. The present issue, in addition to paying the purchase money, will provide ample capital, it is believed, for the further sinking below the 600ft. already attained. The prospectus states that the mine in in full work and has complete and exten- sive machinery and buildings. It is pointed out that 'the property is submitted to the British public on behalf of the vender by Mr. John McIntyre, member of the Legislative Assembly for the Maldon district in the Vic- torian Parliament, a well known colonist of high reputation and great gold- mining experi- ence and the directors, having fully satisfied themselves of his unquestionable ability, experience, and integrity, are happy to say that this gentleman has consented to under- take the duties of managing director in Victoria, jointly with Mr. Oswald, for a nominal remuneration, until the company is paying regular dividends.' The vendor agreed to pay all expenses connected with the formation of the company so that it might start with its capital intact. The enterprise has not, however, at present proved successful. In spite of extensive pub- licity, favourable criticism by the financial press, and a highly respectable directorate, the company could not be floated. The sub- scription list was closed on Wednesday evening when about 7,000 shares had been applied for by the public, the stock-broking fraternity having abstained from giving the undertaking any support. The failure has been partly due to the general feeling of dis- trust created by recent suspensions and the panic in American stocks, but mainly to the strong aversion to gold-mining ventures anywhere and everywhere. It is due to Mr. McIntyre to say that the fulure can in no respect be attributed to any shortcomings on his part. He has done all that energy, per- severance, and wise discretion could accom- plish in the face of almost insuperable diffi- culties and he has left behind him so good an impression, that under more auspicious circumstances, British capital may even yet be obtained for the Maldon mines. There is good reason to believe that a special inspector will ere long be sent out from England to report on the advantages of the district as a field for investment. Regarding the recent South Australian loan, our London correspondent writes on May 16 :--:For several weeks past it has been known that the Government of South Aus- tralia were about to come into the London market for a loan of something like a million and half, but the most extraordinary efforts were made to conceal the date of issue. This policy of disingenuousness and ridiculous mystery was maintained to the very eve of the public announcement, and at the very time on Monday afternoon when the loan was a topic of conversation among members of the Stock Exchange, an official denial to the imminence of the loan was unblushingly given in Victoria Street. One explanation current in the city of the precipitancy with which the loan was ultimately launched is the considerable rise which took place at the close of last week in the debenture stock of the last South Australian loan. But that rise was fallacious and did not re- present the normal state of the market Some brokers it appears had oversold them- selves and to enable them to deliver stock to their clients they were compelled to buy at enhanced rates, These transactions com- pleted, quotations drooped again, and deal- ings almost ceased. The amount of the pre- sent loan is £1651,300, in four percent debentures, and the minimum issue price is £100 percent. The payments are dis- tributed as follow :--£5 percent on application ; a further sum on the 27th inst., to reduce the amount unpaid to £75 percent , 25 per cent on the 24th of June next ; 25 percent on the 22nd of July; and the 25 percent balance on the 19th of August next, when the bonds will be ready for delivery in exchange for scrip. The loan is issued in bonds or inscribed stock at the option of the allottees ; and the proceeds are to be applied to the construction of railways and other public purposes. "The Standard," in announcing the loan quietly reminds the investing public of the fact that it will raise the debt of the colony to £14,000,000 ; but, in spite of this warning, it is believed that the loan will be creditably floated." We have since learned by cable that the loan was floated at an average price of £100 8s. The comments of the London papers upon the opening match of the Australian Eleven in England, in which Lord Sheffield's team was defeated by an innings and 6 runs, are of a varied character. The Dailt News writes almost angrily :--"The exhibition of the cricketers who met the colonists at Sheffield Park was, 'not to put too fine a point on it,' discreditable. On a capital wicket they were twice dismissed by Mr. Palmer and Mr. Giffen without even bringing on a change of bowler. Mr. Spofforth was not needed ; no occasion to call a 'demon' from his place in the field to get rid of the English team. Mr. Grace seemed to take all the heat out of our men when he put his leg where his bat should be at the very commencement of the sport. Shrewsbury hit like a man, first innings, and Mr. Grace, with a rather lucky contribution from Barnes, played fairly when our men fol- lowed on. But our fielding was painfully loose all through the match, and our bowling was as painfully weak." The Daily Telegraph treats the defeat in quite a different spirit "Let no one," it says, "run away with the idea that athletic England is in any degree angry or troubled because athletic Australia has won the first cricket match of the fourth Anglo-Antipodean season, at Lord Sheffield's Park, near Brighton. Lord Sheffield did his best to deserve suceess, though he could not command it. It was no fault of the English- men that from the beginning of the play Giffen and Palmer were dead on, or that Bannerman, of New South Wales, topped Shrewsbury, of Notts, score of 39, the best made for our side on Monday, by 32. Nor is it surprising that the Australians should display such fine form. First, they are a splendid set of men, the very pick of the colonies, secondlv, they have been reared and trained in a climate where cricket is played all the year round, and, thirdly, their long practice together has given them an 'ensemble' which nothing can surpass. Practice makes perfect. They play all day and every day, and, no doubt, dream of the wickets at night, under a supremely starlit sky, graced with the lambent Southern Cross. They are quite welcome every one of them-- Murdoch, Spofforth, Scott, Bannerman, McDonnell, Giffen, Bonnor, Blackham, Mid- winter, Palmer, Boye--and as many more as Murdoch likes to bring into the field. Let their demon bowlers come on, and their bats- men-firm as rocks and quick as lighting at the wickets--take every ball we can send them. We are not afraid, nor yet ashamed, because there is nothing to be afraid or ashamed of. Where did they get those close knit frames, broad shoulders, deep chests, and thin flanks ? The unflinching courage, the readiness of resource, the qui8ck eye, the dexterous wrist, are all English. If we beat them we should not overcome Australia. After all, it is only as if one English county played against another. For the broad sea is but as a parish boundary when it divides men of the same breed, speaking the same language, upheld by the same noble and manly traditions, inspired by the same pas- sion for freedom, and filled with the same healthful, wholesome love of outdoor sports." The 'Sportsman' declares simply and tersely that the Australians "proved themselves immeasurably superior at all points of the game, although their fielding was at times at fault." The following biographical notice of the late Mr. H. A. Bright who died at Liverpool on May5, appeared in "The Times" :--"The news of the death of Mr. Henry A. Bright will have been received with great regret, not only by a large number of personal friends, but by Lancashire people in general, and above all by all lovers of gardens. Mr. Bright was born in liverpool in 1830, of a leading Uni- tarian family, and after taking his degree at Cambridge became a member of the shipping firm of Gibbs, Bright, and Co., so well known in connexion with the shipping services between England and Australia. It was, how- ever, in literature that Mr. Bright made his principal mark. For many years he was a contributor to many of the leading periodicals, writing principally on theo- logical subjects, on subjects of pure litera- ture, and, lastly, on matters connected with gardeing. His own garden near Liverpool was well known long before the publication of his charming volume, 'A Year in a Lan- cashire Garden' (1875), which was at first privately printed, but which he was soon induced to issue to the public, and which had a very real success, not so much among professed horticulturists as in that much wider class which takes a non-scientific pleasure in gardening. Mr Bright followed this up a few years later by "The English Flower Garden," an expanded version of an article written by him in the Quarterly Re- view. He was also a member of the Roxburghe Club and of various other literary societies, for which he more than once edited bibliographical rarities. He was a relative of Lord Houghton, was widely known in society, and being a great letter writer, was in corre- spondence with a large number of eminent people, English and foreign A disease of the lungs sent him many winters ago to the South, and few figures were better known than his at Mentone and other health resorts. His conversation was always interesting and his immense correspondence furnished him with a constant supply of the best kind of gossip and unpublished good stories. More than this, he was a man of great amiability, who faced a wasting illness with courage, and his loss, irreparable to his famil), will be severely and widely felt. A correspondent at Galashiels writes to the Pall Mall Gazette :-- "The first public exhibition of paintings that has been seen in this country on a Sunday was shown in the Corn Exchange of Galashiels on May 11, and from 2 o'clock until 6 the hall was crowded and nearly 2,000 persons passed through the galleries. What are called 'the people' formed the mass of visitors, but numerous representatives of the mercantile and trading citizens were also present includ- ing a few ladies. Many were heard expressing the great enjoyment they were deriving from the many fine works on the walls. The collection, which belongs to Mr. Richardson, art dealer, Bedford Stree,t Strand, London, includes over 400 works in oil and water- colours, representing Alma-Tadema, J. Pettie, E. Nicol, R. Herdman, E. Long, J. Philip, and other Royal Academicians, and many famous Continental painters. The exhibition has been open for some days for trading purposes, but the representative of Mr. Richardson was asked whether he would open on Sunday for the purpose of allowing the work people to see the collection, and he obligingly consented. The town clerk of Galashiels, Mr. Richard Lees, thereupon sent a letter to the 'Scottish Border Record,' in which he intimated that all who chose might visit the room on Sunday afternoon, and this was the sole means taken to advertise the exhibition. Mr. Lees in his letter quoted the Archbishop of Canterbury's speech at the Academy dinner in support of the elevating and religious influence of art, and coolly suggested that good Presby- terian and other clergymen of the burgh should recommend their flocks to turn in to the exhibition in the afternoon." "Mr. Henry George appears," the Pall Mall Gazette observes, " to be thoroughly satisfied with his late expedition to England, which he described the other day at an inter view with a reporter of one of the New York papers as having been ' hard, interesting, and most successful. ' He does not propose, he explained to the reporter, to take the land from the landlords--he merely proposes 'to take the rent by taxation,' and on this point he feels confident the English people will yield. ' To my mind,' he added, 'nothing is more certain. The English people are not a white more Conservative than any other people, as their history shows, and as any one who merely mixes with them can see for himself. Conservative institutions and Con- servative influences are very strong in England, but thyey are rapidly yielding to the great influences of the times. I think a man has first to know America to fully understand England at the present time ; and whoever looks carefully will see a very rapid assimi- lation is going on, and that the democratic tendency is far stronger than appears on the surface. But further than this, it is so utterly absurd and so manifestly unjust that a few men should own the land on which and from which the whole people must live, that such an institution can only exist where it is treated as a matter of course. It cannot stand discussion. The discussion has now commenced, and has reached such a point that it cannot be stopped.' Mr. George thinks of coming again to England in the autumn for a short time ; but 'America,' he said, 'is my own country, and it is here I am most anxious to see the reforms I advocate carried out.' When he has thoroughly re-arranged America, but not until then, Mr. George intends to take up Europe in earnest." Concerning a proposal which has been made to connect the atlantic and the Mediter- ranean by a ship canal, the Madrid corre- spondent of 'The Times' telegaphs on May 15:-- "Confirming what was stated here early in the present year respecting a scheme which excites lively interest in Spain, a Spanish newspaper, published on the northern frontier, states that a canal from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean which is to convert the Iberian peninsula into an island appears now to be in a fair way to become an accom- plished fact. Starting from the Gironde, the proposed canal is intended to touch Toulouse, continuing through Languedoc and joining the Mediterranean near Narbonne. As the site for a commercial emporium, Narbonne holds a position second to none in France, being placed at an angle of the Gulf of Lyons, and in the valley of the Aude. According to the journal relerred to, the contract for the works is signed between the founders and the contractors of the Suez Canal, for a canal capable of taking vessels of the largest size. The founders have asked the the French Government for a guarantee of 10,000,000f. annually, to begin from 1889. when the works are expected to be com- pleted. This guarantee is to help to cover the interest on the capital expended. It is further alleged that the Minister of Public Works has promised the scheme his support, and has ordered a Government engineer to report on the district through which the canal is expected to pass. Spain looks upon this scheme fiom several distinct points of view, but the balance of opinion is favourable to it. The canal, if made, would constitute a new line of defence for France, which it is hoped would remove the objections made by the French military authorities to the per- foration of the Pyrenees at the points most convenient for Spain-Canfranc, for instance It would not only bring some of the Spanish ports nearer to those of England and Northern Europe but would connect those of Catalonia with the Biscayan provinces, Asturias and Galicia. The canal, it is thought, will affect unfavourably some of the southern ports, for what reason is not very clear, and the importance of Gibraltar, from a strategic point of view, is expected to be considerably reduced." The4re was again a very large audience at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night when "La Fille de Madame Ang0t" was repeated for the last time. Tonight Offenbach's "Princess of Trebizonde" will be played with a cast that may be seen in our advertising columns. "The Buonarotti," is a newly formed society of young gentlemen of literary and artistic tastes who periodically meet together, and socially discuss the subjects on which their patron, Michael Angelo, was a master. The Buonarotti held a conversazione at the Melbourne Coffee Palace on Friday night, at which a large number of ladies and gentlemen men were present, and a most enjoyable evening was spent "Ten Nights in a Barroom" was produced at the Temperance Hall, Russell street, on Saturday night, before a very large audience. Every seat was occupied, and many people had to stand during the performance. The piece was placed upon the stage in a credit- able manner, and to the evideut satisfaction of all present. The drama will be repeated this evening for the last time, as the com- pany open at Geelong on Tuesday. The Reunion Minstrels reappeared at the Hall of Science on Saturday night. Mr. J. Gilmore received several encores, and Mr. Arthur Roberts, the new basso, appeared with success. This evening the Williams- town Minstrel Crow Club will give their final performance.__________ For the Fred Marshall Fund we have re- ceived the following additional subscription : -J. C. Caffin, £1. An error has been made as to the date of the sale of Grace Park, Hawthorn, by Messrs. Bliss and Peryman, which does not take place until next Saturday week, July 5. The hon. treasurer of the Hampson Memo- rial Mission acknowledges with thanks the following donations received per Mrs. Smithurst: -King, Harcourt, and Williams, £1 ; Stephens and Watts, £1; Robertson and Moffat, £1 ; Burkett, Cousley, and Co., £1 1s.; Geo. Webster and Co., £1 1s.; A. B., £1 ; Pater- son. Laing, and Bruce, £1 1s.; V. R., 10s. 6d.; W. Frewin, 10s 6d.; Beath, Shiess, and Co., £1 1s.; Gavin, Gibson, and Co., £1 1s. Total, £10 6s. Mr. W. E. Curtis, Covernment auctioneer, Bundaberg, Queensland, makes an announce- ment in our advertising columns concerning the sale of sugar plantation properties in that colony. It will be seen from our advertising columns that the pianos seized by the Cus- toms authorities which were imported by Messrs. Hyman and Co. will be sold today at half-past 2 p.m. by Messrs McClure, Valantine and Co., of 10 Elizabeth Street. An advertisement appears in another column with regard to a welcome tea meeting to Mrs. Hampson, which will be given at the Assembly Hall, Collins Street, on Wednesday next, at 6 p.m. for ladies only. The Victorian Women's Suffrage Society's first general meeting will be held this evening, at 8 o' clock at the Coffee Palace, Bourke Street. From Mr. A. J. Smith, of Swanston Street we have received a specimen box of the "Post Haste" stationery. We have received from Mr. M. L. Hutchin- son of Collins Street west some samples of Thacker's inks in bottles of all shapes, sizes and prices. The quality of the ink is excellent. The induction of the Rev. J. Caton to the incumbency of St. Thomas's Church of Eng- land, Essendon, took place on Friday evening. There was a large congregation. The ceremony was performed by the Venerable Archdeacon Stretch, assisted by the Revs.E. Puckle, R. Short, and Bourke .An excellent sermon was preached by the archdeacon. It being the anniversary of the Queens acces- sion to the throne the National anthem was sung at the close of the proceedings. A very successful trial of an electrical apparatus for automatically registering the time in fire brigade competitions was made by the Kew Fire Brigade on Saturday after- noon. The instrument used was invented and constructed by Messrs. Martin, Bur- meister, and Kellett, of the local brigade, and if it be adopted by the committees of the future fire brigades demonstrations would, it is claimed, prevent the possibility of any error in the time recorled. The apparatus is also intended to be available for timing horse races, boat races, or similar contests. On Friday evening last a reunion was held in the Protestant Hall by the trainees and trained teachers in and around Melbourne. Between 50 and 60 gentlemen sat down to dinner provided by Mr. D. Morgan as caterer, Mr. John Murphy presiding. The usual loyal toasts and those of the Training Institution and officers having been duly honoured, the chairman drew attention to the position of trained teachers under the revised Education Act, and strongly advised all out- going trainees to accept permanent appoint- ments as soon as possible, and thus secure classification. The remainder of the evening was filled in with songs and recitations. At the Homoeopathic Hospital, Melbourne, the state of the house for the week ending June 21 was as follows :--New cases 23 ; admitted into house, 2 ; Attendances -Out- patients, 134 ; number remaining under treat- ment, 389 ; Deaths 1-Wm. Smith, 18 years of age, died June 17, of abscess of lung. 