NERVOUS PROSTRATION. There is an unusual amount of illness this autumn of tho type known as " nervous pros tration," says the Providence Journal. It is prevalent among liardworked people who havo been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry their business home with them eveiv night, and women who aro worn out by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how much wo aro told about food, clothing, Tentilation, drainage, exercise, and other tilings . which have an iufluenco on our health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative measuro, it is of tlio first importance iu many cases. Most physicians know what to do and when to do it, but a good deal of common sensa is required to discover how not to do something ana wiien to lot tno pn- tient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting kills mora than half tho sick people ia the world; a man's enemies cannot do him near so much damage as his friends. The world is possessed with tlio notion that when a man is taken ill a terrinio ado must be kept up, an alternation of nursing and fussing, whilo pre ternatural ly wiso and whispering doctors, sympathising friends, tearful relatives and chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side and all because somebody is ill and needs chiefly rest. We havo not yet, most ot us, gotten lid of tliu old notiou of tlio ancients that disease is a person- ality, a something that is in tho air, that travels about, enters our dwollings and finally siezes hold of ns ; something akin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon or witch, which onl.v pills or potation can exorcise, kill or cure. We are conlideut that many a sensible physician will say, if the patient will let him, that two-thirds of ail the maladies of all the people in the world would get well in a few hours or days if loft to themsrlves, with no other appliances than such as instinct would suggest or common aonse employ. But patients often estimate the doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look which he assumes and tho extent or variety of his prescriptions ; and a sick man's friends hate to eeom unsympathising, and so are apt to be officious. It is to be understood, of coarse, that we aro not speaking of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of tbe ills which fiesh is lieir to — tho troubles which come upon over-worked men and women, so many of whom wo find all around us in this pushing competitive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. If that be impos sible, we can only pity them. 