MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. A cablegram from Auckland New Zealand Btates that an inquest bas been held on the body ot the mau Lovelace who was killed aboard the Union steamer Hawei, and a v r dict of manslaughter returned against Wil- liam Waller, the chief officer ot the Hawei. A drover named John Macdonald has just completed (says the Pastoral Times, Denili- quin, the delivery of 5000 ewe weaners from Mr. Ealkiuer's Moonbria station at Buddi- gower (Keogh's) without the loss of a single sheep ; and we are also informed that he suc- ceeded in delivering a flock of ewes from Wan gonella at Cootamundra for Armstrong and Co., Milroy, in a similarly fortunate manner. The Evening News of Tuesday says the statement that Mr John Bowden the well known cabman was dead is incorrect. _ He suffered severely from the effects of his ac- cident, but has rallied, and is now in a fair way of recovery. Some lads playing on the rocks near Mrs Macquarie's Chair on Mouday afternoon found a bag, which, upon examination, con- tained the remains ot two children apparently about a month or six weeks old. Some traces of lime were discovered in the bag. The remains were taken charge of by the police and the matter has been reported to the city coroaer. A child aged one year and seven months, Bon of Mr. Herbert Coates, the well- known builder and contractor, of George-street, Parramatta, died early on Tuesday morning from the effects of eating the berries of a species of belladonna. The child suffered greatly, notwithstanding that all that medical «kill could suggest waa done to relieve it, three doctors being in attendance. The ber- ries were brought into the house by some elder brothers, who were playing at marbleB with them, and the little one must have eaten them unobserved. The plant is exceedingly common here, and people generally do not »ppear to know its poisonous nature. Whilst holding Bervice atMoruy a on Sunday Bight the Eev. Father Pollard suddenly fell forward on the altar rails, and, on being raised, was found to be quite dead. Great consterna- tion seized the large congregation, the shock causing ladies to faint. The deceased had had indifferent health for some time, and rose from a sick bed to preside at the school exhibitions on Wednesday and Thursday last ; but hi« end was by no means expected co Boon. The rev. gentleman was highly esteemed by all denomination«, and his dis- tressing death will largely diminish the enjoy- ment of the holidays. An inquest was held on Monday morning, before the Police Magistrate," Dr. King, and a verdiet of death from syncope of the heart was recorded. A teamster was killed at the Peel Biyer Bridge, Tamworth, on Monday by being crushed against the üeuce. The fence had to be chopped down before he could be ex- tricated, and he lived but a short time after- wards. A man named Thomas M'Donald, who has been in the employ of Mr. Crace, near Gin indera, came inta Yass on Friday night under the influence of liquor. He got more drink " - ->n.v, and during the night attempted 'f"with aBheet, but failed. He bedroom window and treer, turned into Mr. iped down a well 30 aBCovered at 6 o'clock Hughes, the hair ' -> *->ft in the water. o» unfortunate #*» ought before fitted to take r } ttin Cameron's 'rman named , ,'^ted to murder ,jea vVadswoiçth. She was i andyke fired at her with a .à bullet grazing the side of her "jd inflicting a slight wouud. Seeing jfa 'lot was not more effectual, he attempted Fie e again, but the revolver missed fife, and and hen attempted to shoot himself, but was po^d and handed over to the police. Ppjíjllowing is a passage from a sermon re the''y preached by the Eoman Catholic Bis ?w» of Wellington, New Zealand.-"The 'dctry pf the Catholic priest is that his priest *Sd is a participation in the priesthood of a/riBt; nay, he is, so to speak, another christ. Sacerdos alter Christus. Go to him, .*. of old the envoys of the synagogue went *i John the Baptist in the desert, and ask Ílim who he is. ' Art thou a prophet P* Why hould £ be a prophet ? We have no more *ieed of oracles. 'Art thou Elias?' Why "ahould I be Elias ? His hour ia not yet come. He awaits the extreme catastrophe of the world. 'Who art thou? Art thou the i< Christ ?' Ah ! there is the grand and sovereign / question. Hearing it, John the Baptist confessed and did not retract, and '" again he confeBBed that he was not the Chrißt. The Catholic priest, on the contrary, confesses andL does not retract, and again he confesses that he is the Christ. See, f he sayB, what I do. A child ia bom in sin ; I say to him, ' I baptise thee,' and he lives to grace. Again, he needs life and strength, and I say to him, ' Beceive the Holy Ghost,' and the Divine Paraclete takes possession of the soul. A sinner comes with death in his heart and his arms in chains, and I say to him, ' I absolve thee from thy sins,' and he returns joyous' and free. Christ' borrows me as a living veil under which He'conceals His glory, I in order to exercise His perpetual priesthood. He is in me.' He penetrated me ; verily, I Bay to you, and I do not deny, but I repeat with conviction and pride : Sum ego Christus -« I am the Christ.' " On Monday, Dec. 15, bb Mr. John Tisdell, of Taree, was sailing down the Manning on his rounds with a load of beef,' the wind, which was blowing a gale at the time, cap- sized the boat; precipitating its occupant and contents into the water. The puntman, Mr. Baker; who witnessed the occurrence,' imme- diately' went 'to the scene of the atícídent, rescued Mr. Tisdell, who unable to swim was clinging to the boat, from his perilous posi- tion, and totved the boat ashore; Joints,' sir- loins, &o.;, of course formed a grand Christ I mas feast for the fishes ; the only portion of i the valuable cargo saved was a few pounds of % sausage meat. ft "''As another exemplification of the adage ?that murder will out might be mentioned the Bbrrest of William Sheehan, ob Monday1 last, in HHe township of Waitomito, near Auckland, HBarged with the murder of his mother, sister, ^^?d brother at Oastlétownroche, County ^^Bk, Ireland, in 1877. The remains of the |^^fte persons were discovered some time ago m^B, deep well on the farm on which they At a Cabinet meeting held on Tuesday morning the final arrangements were made for bringing the Land Act into operation. The whole of tbe regulations were finally settled, and they will be published early next week. On Wednesday .evening last week the premises of Mr. Frank Wood, watchmaker, Hawthorn, was broken into, and about £400 worth of property stolen. The plunder con- sisted of about 40 gold and silver watches, gold and silver chains, brooches, earrings, pendants, gold studs, rings, bracelets, &c.; The arguments upon the application of Charles John Boyle for a rule nisi calling upon William Henry Hinton, of Eandwick, to show cause why he should not be ousted from the position of alderman, were heard yesterday (says Tuesday's Herald) by the Full Court, who sat especially for the occasion, in order to settle the question before the elections at the commencement of the present year. The Court was composed of his Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Faucett, and Mr. Justice lunes, and a decision was given by majority (Mr. Justice Faucett dicBenting) that the rule »¿»must be made absolute. The respondent's counsel depended mainly on the decision given in 1870, in ex parte Hurst, by Mr. Justice Hargrave and Mr. Justice Cheeke, the then Chief Justice-Sir Alfred Stephen dissenting -in which it was held that a candidate for a particular ward of a municipality must be an elector of that ward. That decision is now overruled, the Court holding that if the can- didate is aa elector for the municipality he is eligible as a candidate for any ward of the municipality, although he may not be an elector of the ward for which he is a candi- date. The workshop of Mr. W. Jones, builder, at Milltown, near Bathurst, was destroyed by fire on Saturday last. Property to the value of £100 was destroyed. About twelve months ago Mr. Jones was a loser to the extent of about £30 by a fire which occurred on his farm. A writer in the Melbourne Argus says the "dime novel " is doing its work effectually in some of the large cities of the United States, where pestilent literature, written for the honour and glory of crime and criminals, meets with an enormous sale. At Chicago, in October last, five girls, aged from 14 to 16, who had formed themselves into an organised band for predatory purposes, were arrested and committed to prison for robbing Chinese laundries. They were proved to have been in the habit of visiting these places, and while three of the girls induced the employés to re- tire with them into a back room, the other two dexterously applied chloroform to the " bosB " of the establishment, and robbed him of his money. The gang was locally known as " The Chinese Five." All the thefts were planned by Maggie Doyle, a girl of 15, whom her companions had elected as their captain ; and a medical man named Eeynolds had in stucted them how to administer the chloro- form. At the hearing the girls impeached one another, and their narratives disclosed a fearful amount of depravity on the part of these youthful criminals. 