A CRUISE FOR A CABLE. ———♦——— THE WORK DONE. ——— (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) ——— S.S. SOUTHERN CROSS, _____ BASS'S STRAITS, _________ SUNDAY, SEPT. 28. The cable is repaired, and the cruise is over. In 12 hours the work was done. In 12 hours the Southern Cross picked up the Low Head end of the cable laid eight miles of fresh wire, made the splices restored com- munication took all the buoys and other para- phernalia on board and was on her way back to Flinders which she only left last night. The job was cleverly done, from the start it went along with the smooth momentum of a pendulum. Not a moment was lost There was as much smartness as if the winning team was at engine practice on the Queen's Birthday. This is the first Sunday we have had at work, and in seven weeks we have not done so much. The new aspect of affairs is almost surprising. Last night the Low Head end of the cable was at the bottom of the straits and there was a seven miles gap in the wire. Now, after two months interruption, messages are being sent through it and we, homeward bound, are turning our backs with ungrateful alacrity upon Waterloo Bay and Refuge Cove which have been our ports in many a storm. The well planned arrangements of Mr. Warren the local superintendent of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, for taking advantage of the right moment have been thoroughly successful and he certainly deserves his reward. At last something more reliable than hope tells a flattering tale. The weather was all in our favour after the easterly gale which sent the Southern Cross into Finders blew itself out it com- menced on Thursday, and on Friday had in- creased to a hurricane Captain Capurn had to move his vessel from the lee shore on the Flinders side to Cat Bay under Phillip Island. On Saturday by noon the wind had so far abated that we returned to the Flinders anchorage and got encouraging weather reports from all the lighthouse stations on the coast. It was resolved to start for the cable ground at 7 p.m., and by daylight next morning we were sight- ing our first buoy on the calm surface of the straits. There was not a ripple nor the ghost of a swell and the sun shone brightly. Half- an hour later the grapnel brought up the Low Head end of the cable and the prompt reply of Mr. Darby telegraph master at that station who was watching the testing in- strument showed that the line was " O.K." to Tasmania. Here was a most inspiriting re- sult, as Low Head had been a blank to us for weeks while the grapnel was bit- ing off fragments ot the cable with un insatiable appetite which, threatened to devour the whole 80 miles in detail. Seven miles had been torn in pieces—more than seven days had been lost in safely securing the Flinders end which lay chafing at its buoy just beyond the line of the horizon. The grapnel with its cruel wrenches was put aside with a feeling of relief akin to that with which a patient who has had a dozen teeth drawn sees the restoration of the forceps to the dentists shelf. We could breathe more freely now, although there was still much to be done and plenty of time for a slip 'twixt wind and water. A long piece of cable had to be paid out without a proper tank, proper brakes, proper stoppers, or dynamometer to tell the strain upon it. A foul flake—the wrong coil lifting—a broken wire—a sudden jar—a snap, and all for the time being would be over. The crisis had come. All hands must be called now that there was a chance of putting in instead of taking out. Then the order "Prepare to splice," was given and no order could have been more welcome. It was very pleasing to be able at last to re- place the broken, strained, twisted, rust wire, which had been so long coming in, by a clean, new, sound, straight cable going out. " Prepare to splice " had been wearily waited for too long in vam for it not to be obeyed with the gayest alacrity. While the splice was being made by the joiner, Mr. Fysh, preparations for putting down the new length of cable were in pro- gress. The cable had been taken in at George Town, and lay in a huge coil in the hold. There were some splices in it, as it had been taken in at different times, and these were the source of anxiety. The " drum " which was only an improvised one would not carry them so readily as the main piece, and they had to be watched with the utmost care. Senti- nels were posted round the men whose duty it was to raise each coil as it was lifted by the drum, so that no entanglement should take place. The wire after coming up from the hold passed through the cyclometer, which measured its length, over the drum through rope " stoppers " and round a wheel at the bow of the steamer into the sea. If anything went wrong on the hold or on deck the alarm was to be given to the captain on the bridge, who stood ready to reverse the engnies on the instant, while the cable men were to tighten the stoppers, so as to arrest a faulty piece of cable before it parted from the ship. To discover electrical faults Mr. Warren was is to speak with Low Heads from his testing room all the time the paying out continued. The " leading wire " from the testing-room was attached to the bottom coil of the cable in the hold, so that signals were exchanged through its whole length, and kept up an unremitting system of vigilant detective duty. A couple of men were told off to dash buckets of water upon the drum to ease the passage of the cable over it. And now there was pause in the bustle of preparation. Every man was at his post eager to commence. Reisz stood on the point of the ship's bow to see the line the cable would make. " Are you ready ?" asked Mr. Warren. " Aye, aye, sit," passed from mouth to mouth and sounded hoarsely from the depths of the hold where the men stood with the first coil in hand. " Slow ahead," requested Mr. Warren to the captain and then the cable superintendent hopped nimbly into his testing-room, running a dead- heat with the first turn of the screw. A few more turns and the ship began to get a little was. A moment more and the first coil passed out of sight as smoothly as cotton off a reel. The Sabbath calm was unbroken. The deep chested sailors were as still as mice. There was no need for anyone to speak. But there was intense watchfulness and a grim sense of responsibility. If anyone marred this attempt to lay the cable it might be seven weeks more before we would get another. The issue was trembling in the balance, but the balance would be kept if the cable hands and sailors could keep it. A quarter of an hour passed by. The drum revolved with a cheerful buzz, coil alter coil flew up, was caught round the wheels glided through the stoppers and whirled away over the bows like clockwork. Things were going splendidly. The middle buoy, our guiding mark for the course was rising more boldly into sight every moment. Reisz's brow began to lose its gloomy corrugated aspect ; the captain glanced at his trusty chief officer, Mr. Pearce, with a meaning, hopeful glance, only intelligible to those who know how long the worthy skipper has been away from Hobart, home and beauty ; reas- suring bulletins were being stealthily conveyed by the engineer's smutty boy to his indefatigable chief, Mr. Cooper, away down in the engine room, when suddenly a sound which froze the marrow in our bones, and sent the blood back to the heart from our blanched cheeks was heard. It was a frantic desolate cry of " Stop her! stop her !" from the hold. " Stop her !" passed from mouth to mouth, gathering volume as it went, till an earnest desperate wail which seemed to shake the ship rang in the captain s ears. In a Hash of time the steamer was going full speed astern, Mr. Warren was tearing like the timid roe from the testing room to the bows, the paying out was stopped, the quick brisk flowing line slackened and hung limp, while a dozen anxious inquirers called down the hold with many impressive prefixes to tell us what was the matter. For a second of torturing suspense, which seemed an age, we strained our ears till the reply came " Oh, nothing," one of the fel- lows sang out, " because we were coming to a splice," quietly answered the foreman of the tank. Nothing the matter ! After such a shock we almost felt that something ought to have been the matter to lessen the reac- tion. But nothing amiss did happen. The engines went ahead again. Mr. Warren, still all of a shake, but rapidly recovering went back to his tests. Coil after coil was lifted, and was drawn smoothly away into the water under the jib-boom at the rate of three miles an hour ; the gap grew less and less, until at half- past 2 we were alongside the Flinders end of the cable. Then, when the steamer stopped at the buoy, when we had the two ends which had ao long eluded our grasp in hand, and the last splice waa about to be made, Mr. Warren came forward, looking as pleased as if he had just read a deceased millionaire's will in his favour " The condition of the cable is perfect," he said, with a beaming face. A cheer went up that was all too loud for Sunday. We did not see the last splice made. There were three buoys to pick up along the line, so the steamer went to get them while the finishing touches were put to the cable. On returning with the buoys on board, the boat was coming towards us " All right ?" asked the superintendent, a little nervously, when Reisz stepped on board. " All right," he re- sponded, confidently, and then as the steamer turned round towards Flinders, the captain jubilantly sounded our familiar four-whistle signal to the lighthouse, in token of farewell. I don't know whether the blast was heard by Mr. Scott, but, in spite of all his kindness, none of us wished to be any nearer his hospi- table shores, or to go there again on a " cruise for a cable." FLINDERS, MONDAY, SEPT. 29. We arrived here at 6 a.m. The weather was still fine. The cable was found to be in excellent working order. Last night imme- diately the final splice was made 15,000 words were sent through. The slight leak in the Flinders shore end, which I have before spoken of, has no deleterious effect, but Mr. Warren is afraid that it may go further, and, therefore, he is anxious to mend it while the Southern Cross is on the spot. We visited the place to day at noon, and put down a buoy between West Head and Round Island over the place where the leak will be found, after which the weather be- came threatening, and the vessel returned to her anchorage at Flinders. The cable will not be cut until it can be finished on the same day. Since we were here last the tele- graph staff have been well employing their time in opening up to tourists who frequent this charming watering place in summer the lovely views to be seen from West Head. The scrub on this high, bold headland, which is a splendid natural lookout, has been pierced in divers directions right up to the " summit of the cliff that beetles o'er its base unto the sea." A ramble along this enticing labyrinth introduces the visitor to a panoramic series of natures majestic and varied pictures, from the snow-white breakers roaring on miles of reef, to the verdant meadows of Cowes, or from the rugged walls of the coast line, winch the setting sun burnishes with gold, to the gently sloping hillside, with trees growing to the water's edge The quiet shades of the maze is just the place for a saunter in pleasant " meditation fancy free," and Mr. Segrave and his staff have conferred a lasting bene- fit upon Flinders by their public-spirited en- terprise, which cost many days to accomplish, to say nothing of blisters. In the afternoon the old cable was put ashore. It is so very old that even if it could have been raised without breaking it would have been well to remove it, as it would surely have been provocative of fur- ther disaster. The whole of the bad piece was taken out, and the new cable joined to sound lengths, which of itself goes far to com- pensate for the long time the repairs have taken to effect. It is remarkable how vitally a cable is affected by certain beds of submarine deposits—such as the decayed portion rested upon—while neighbouring beds actually preserve it. The whole of the new cable which was laid has been buried in a fine white sand at George Town for the last 15 years, yet it was as sound and free from rust as when it left the manufactory. If it had been kept in a store, the guttapercha core would have deteriorated, while burying it, as the worn out cable was buried—but in a different bottom—for the same time, kept it from injury. Mr. Segrave (who has been in charge of the Flinders station since the cable was laid in 1869) has been kind enough to give me a trust- worthy account of the mischances that have attended telegraphic communication between Victoria and Flinders. The first cable was laid in July, 1859. The rough shores of Cape Otway, where it was landed on this side of the Straits, chafed it through after it had been at work for nine Months, and the wire never spoke again. The present cable was laid m May, 1869, by the Investigator, com- manded by Captain Cruickshank. The first interruption occurred in 1875, on the Tas- manian side, and lasted from the 1st to the 18th December. In 1877 the mistake of laying the cable so near to, if not actually over, a portion of the reef which stretches out for some distance from West Head to the E.N.E., began to demonstrate itself, and in May, August, and October of that year three breaks or interruptions occurred near the Flinders shore, and a specially manufactured cable of stouter and heavier calibre was ordered for the shore end, from England. In the meantime another fracture took place on the Tasmanian side, near Low Head, in No- vember, 1877, and this was followed by two other casualties near Flinders, lasting re- spectively from the 9th. to the 11th. February, and from the 11th. to the 16th. May, 1878. A month afterwards a fresh misfortune oc- curred. During a northerly gale the fore- and aft schooner Martha anchored over, fouled, and broke the cable close to Flinders. The communication was re- established on the 22nd of the month the repairs entailing great expense, but the Cable Company) generously fore-bore to press the case against the captain of the Maltha for having infringed the ports and harbours regulations, and he got off with a caution In December, 1878, the cable steamer Agnes, Captain Sims (now engaged on the Singapore route), arrived with the new shore cable, and six miles of it were laid more to the eastward of the reef off West Head. Four miles were put down at Low Head on the Tasmanian side. This work cost £5,600, and since then there has been no interruption in the shore ends The diameter of the new shore end is nearly 2in., and the weight 14 tons per mile. The old replaced section was 1in. 7/16ths in diameter, and weighed 8½tons per mile. The deep-sea section is three quarters of an inch in diameter, and weighs 2 tons 2½ cwt. per mile. The total length of the cable from Flinders to Low Head is 179 knots. It may be interesting to add that the first sub-aqueous telegraph known to have been laid in the southern hemisphere was across the Saltwater River—108 yards in length—in 1854, but after a while an aerial wire was substituted. I am asked by Mr. Warren not to close this letter without acknowledging his high sense of the exertions and the ability of the entire ship's company in aiding him to repair the break in the Straits. And although the providore, Mr. Frank Brown, and his faithful henchman " Jimmy," do not come within this category, they ought not to be passed over without the com- mendation they deserve for looking well after the creature comforts of the superintendent and his friends. For many good offices I am personally indebted to the caterer and his steward, as well as to captain, officers, and crew, who have made the " cruise for a cable," in spite of all its disap- pointments, a most harmonious one. For this happy result Mr. Warren's impertur- able urbanity and resolution, in the face of the most trying delays and innumerable vexations and repulses by the weather, is largely responsible ; and the thanks of all on board are to him therefore in a corre- spondingly large measure due. ‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗ According to a Republican paper, crime is becoming more common every day in France. It is spreading " like a rising tide whereof the waves are often red." Twelve years ago the total number of crimes and offences which came under the notice of the tribunals amounted in 12 months to 26,000. Ten years afterwards—in 1882—it exceeded 81,000. The largest contingent of criminals was furnished by the metropolis. 