: TALES AIIO 3SCET«S. JUDITH SHAKSPEARE: HER LOVE AFFAIRS AMD OTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of " M.vclkod of Dahf," "Skanhox Bit,??," "'Is Silk Attire, " &c;,, &c;, Chaptsp. XXXrv'.— As Awakksi.vc. It vras going ill with her. Lato ono night, 'ftoihly, who hail kept hovering about the 1 'fcotiw, never able to Bit patiently and watch i 'Iho anxious coming and going within doors, I bhd never able to tear hims'olf away but for a I lew hundred yards, wandered out into the ; clear starlit darkness. His heart was full. ! l'tejr had told him the crisis was near at : hind. And almost it seemed to him that it ! Itm already over. Judith was going away ; Trim ttein. And thoso stars overhead — he : Tapir but little of their names ; lie understood ' but little of the vast immensities and deeps j that lay between them ; they wore to him but 4s grains of light in a darkened floor ; and far ibavo that floor'rose the wonderful shining .'City that i'.e had hoard of in the Book of , jRortlation. And already — so wild and , nastcung were his fancies— hq could see the i foursquare walls of jasper, and tho gatc3 of i marl, and tho wide white etcps loading up to ' these ; and who was that who wOnt all alono —giving; no backward thought to any she ; was leaving behind — up thoso shining stops, I .with a strange light on her forehead and 011 ;hbr trembling hands? Ho saw her slowly ! "tacot at tho gate ; her head meekly bowed, i Bet -liana? clasped. And when they opened. It, and when she roso, and made to eiiter, ho ;c4uld have cried alond to her for ono baok- ; jteard look, ono backward thought, towards j Stratford town and tho friends of her 'childhood and her youth. Alas I there wa3 : no such tiling. There was wonder on her 'faco, as site turned to this side and to that ; iuii she went hesitatingly ; and when they Wok her hands to load her forward, she re- 'gWdod theui— this sido and that — ploascd and Wind-ring, i\;ul silent ; but there svas never a nought of .Stratford town. Could that lie U? 1 " v,':u 3'nB away from them so — Mo that all of them had known so dearly ? Ami to leave hor own friends without one Ford of farewell ! Those others tliero — she toont -with tliom Smiling and wondering, nnd looking In silence from ono to the other — hut Bho uuew them not. Her friends were bore — tew— with brooking hearts because she had away and forgotten them, and banished Witina those far shining gates. Ajtd then some sudden nnd sullen thought P tlw future vfulild overtake him. The in- laid on him by Judith's father ittl- tl ; expected to last for ever. And ,11 ei be so — if tho love and desire of niayoutli were to bo stolen away from him — if Mm< Jl'1' young life, that was so beautiful a w'10 ';n'",v her, was to ho extin- , Buuhod and leave instoad but a blanknoss and a? .80SjuS memory tlnougli tho long years — W i o? arrive a time for a settle. 'Sm r i13011 was still coming about the IJw or ''"10 womn folk were comforted by Ijj Pvosonce ; but Judltli's father regarded "Sir 1 tX'j' aiu' Bcarce ever a word fo1- Quinoy ho moved away, .. , " uouso, when tho good man camo 'Sr, : was eafer so. Bnt in tho futnro ? IWiMa.i'10 Wtt3 fr8cr t n®' ? For those in- Otip . .c 0 no' ',0 okpectbd to last for cv„i wl w'tat greater joy could than bo u„3 ,'"n" th'o ono fierce stroke of justice 'fitAtt.. ?0i' ® d not reason out tho foirtti111 ' was a '"nd of flamoin his ,r wl«novcr ho thought of it. '(!»,, trn'h that catastrophe was noarly inn-i,, 1 now,', Ho bad been wandering — "lc highway's — appealing to tho f calmness of the night, as it were, and th« serenity of the -starlit hoavens, for somo quiot- jug-of his terrllilo fears ; and then in his rest- losenoaaho walked back towards tho cottage, anxious for further nows and yot scarcely daring to enter and ask. Ho saw the dull red \- light in tho window ; but could hoar no Bound. And wonld not his very footfall on I ho path disturb her? They all of thom wont about tho house like ghosts, And woro it net bettor that ho should remain hero, so that tho still- ness dwelling around the place should not ho broken even by bis broathing ? So quiet tho night was, and so soundless, lie could havo imagined that tho wings of tho angel of mercy were brooding ovor tho littlo cottago, hushing it, as it were, and bringing rest and sleep to tho sore-bewildorod brain. Ho would not go near. Those woro tho precious hours. And if peaco had at last stolon into tho sick chamber, and closed tho trembled oyolids, wero it not bettor to remain away, lost even a whisper should break the charm ? Suddenly, ho saw the door of tho cottago open, and in the dull light n dark figuro ap peared. Ho heard footstop3 on tho garden path. At first his heart felt like stone, and he could not move, for he thought it was some one coming to sook him witii ovil viowa ; but presently — in. tho clear star light ho knew who this was that was now approaching him. He lost his senses. All the blaok night went red. " So, good parson,'' said ho (bnt ho clenched his fijts together so that ho ehonid not givo way) " art thou satistiod with thy handi work ?' There was more of menace in tho tone than in the taunt ; at all events with some snoh phrase as " Out of tho way, tavern brawler I" tho parson raised his stick, as if to riofond himself. And then— tho next instant— ho was gripped— llrw, as in a vice ; the stick was twisted from his grasp and whirlod away far into tho dark ; aad forthwith— for it all hap pened m a moment — five fingers had him by the back of tho neck. There was ono second of indecision — what it meant to this young athlete, who had his oyoa afire and his mind afire with thoughts of the ill that had beeu done to the ono ho loved the dearest, can well bo imagined. But ho flung his enemy from him — forward — into the night. " Take thy dog's life, and welcome — coward and woman striker He waitod ; there was no answer.. And then — all shaking from tho terrible pressure ho had put on hlmsolf, and still hungering nnd athirst to go back and sottlc the matter t-.hon and thorc — ho turned and walked along tho road, avoiding the oottage, and still with his heart aflame, and wondering whether he had done well to lot the hour of venccanco go. But that did not last long, "What cored ho, for this man — that any thought of him should occupy him at such a moment ? All his anxieties were elsewhere — in that hushed small chamber, where tho lamp of life was flickering low, and all nwmting, with foar nnd trembling, what tho dawn might bring. And if ohe woro to slip away so— escaping from them, as it wero — without n word of recognition ? It seemed bo hard that the solitary figure going up thoio far, wide steps should" have no thought for them alio had left behind, As I10 bow hor there, content was on her fnce, and a mild radiiutco, and wonder ! and lior now compa nions wero ploasant to her. Sho would go away with thom— sho was content to be with them— sho would disappear amongst them, and leave no sign. And Sunday morning after Sunday morning lie would look in vain for hor coming through the churchyard, under the trees ; nnd there would bo a vacant placo in the pew ; no mattor who might be there, ono face would bo wonting ; nnd in tho afternoon the wido meadows would be empty. Loe'c whero l.e might— from the foot bridge over tho river, from Bnrdon Hill, from tho Wior Brake— there would be 110 moro chanca of his descrying Judith walking withPtwJpneo — the two fig'.'.r&s; that l\e oou\u make out at any diskmce almost. And what a radiance there used to bo on her fnce — not that mild wonder that he saw as she passed nway with her companions within the shining gatc3 — hut a happy, audacion3 radianco, so that he could see alio v.'as laughing long cro iio came near hor. That was Judith — that was tho Judith he had known — laughing, radiant — in summor moadows, as if Boomed to him — careless Of the young uiou, though hor eyes would regard them — and always with her chief secrets nnd mystificationsforhorfriond Prudence. That was Judith— not this poor worn snfforor, wandering through- darkened ways, tho frail lamp of hor life going down and down, so that thoy darod : not speak in the room. And that message that alio had left with him for Prudonce was a kind of farowoll. Thoy wore about tho last wards oho had spoken cro her speeoh lost all coherence nttd meaning — a farowoll before Bho cntored into that dark and unknown realm. And there was a touch of reproach in them too — " tell hint he did mo wrong to think I had gone to meet the parson in the ohurchynrd ; 'twas but a chance." Tho Judith of those former days was far too proud to rnako any such explanation ; but this poor stricken creature socmcd anxious to appcaso ovoryona and mako frionds. And was he to have no chance of begging her forgivoness for doing her that wrong ; and of telling how littlo sha need regard it ; and how that she might dismiss the parson from her inind altogether, as ho had dono ? Tho rido to Lon don : she knew nothing of that ; sho know nothing of her father having como all tho way to see hor. Why, as thoy oame riding along, by Uxbridge, and Wycombe, nnd Woodstock, and ICustone, many a time he looked forward to tolling Judith of what ho had dono ; nnd he hopod that sho would go round to tlio etablo and havo a word for tho Galloway nag and pat tho good boast's nock. But all that was over now ; and only this terrible darkness and tho silenco of tho roads and tho troca ; and always the dull, steady, ominous light in tho email window. And still moro terrible that vision overhead — tho far and mystic city, and Judith entering with thoso now and strango com panions, regarding this one and that, and cvof with a smilo on hor face nud a mild wondor in hor oyos ; thoy leading lior away by tho hand j and she timid, and looking from ono to tho other, but pleased to go with tliom, into tlio strango country. And 03 for hor old friends, no backward look or backward' thought for thom : for thom only tho sad and empty town, tho voiceless moadows, tho vacant epaoo in tho pow, to wliieh many an oyo would bo tnrnod, as woek by week came round. ..And tliero would bs a grave somewhere,, that Prudence would not foavo untcadsd. . But with' ttio fitst'grey light of flfo 'dAltra mm ' — there camo a snddon trembling joy that was so oaslly and eagerly translated into a Willi audacious liopot JudltUhadfallouintoasound- sloop— a sloop hushed and profound, and no- longer tortured with moanings and dull low cries as if for pity, A Blumbor profound and boncficiont ; with oaimar breathing and a calmor pulse, If only on tho awakening sho might show that tho crisis was over and sho: started on tho road — howovcr long and todioua that might bo— towards tho winning baok of life and hoalth. It was Ptadenco who brought him tho nows. Sho looked'liko a ghost in tho won light as she opened tho door and came forth, Sho know ho wonld not bo for away j indeed, his eyes woro moro accustomed to this strange light than hers, and ore sho had timo to look about and. searoh for him ho was there. And when she told him this news ho oould not sponk for a littlo .while, for his mind rushed forward blindly and wildly to n liappy con- aammation ; ho would havo no misgivings ; this woloomo sloop was a sure sign Judith was won baok to them ; not yot was she to go away ail alone np those wido, sad stops, "And you, _ Prudence," said ho— or rather ho whispered it oagerly, that no sound should disturb the profound qniet of thohouss— "now you must go end Iio down — you aro worn ont —why, you aro all trembling " "Tho morning air is a little cold," said she ; bnt it was not that that cansod her tremb ling. "You moat go and lie down and got somo sloop too," said ho (but glancing up at tho window as if alt his thoughts woro there). " What a patient watoher you have been ! And now whon there is this ohanco — do, dear Frudonoo, go within nnd iio down for a while " '' Oh, how could I? How could 15" sho said ; and unknown to horsolf she was wring ing her hands — not from grief, hut from moro oxcitoment and nervousness. "But for this eleop now, tho doctor was foaring tlio worst. I know it, thongh ho would not say it. And sho is so weak ! Even if tbta sloep calm her brain — or if sho corns out of it in her right mind— ono never knowi — she is oe worn away — she : might waken only to slip away from ua.' But he would not hear of that. No, no \ this happy slumber was but the beginning of her rocovory. Now that she was on the turn, Judith's bravo constitution would fight through tho rest. He knew it ; ho was sure of it; had there ovor boen a healthier or happier wenoh —or ono with suck gallant spirits and cheer fulness. "You havo not seen her these iast two days," Prudonce said, sadly. " Nay, I fear not now — I know ohe will fight through," said ho, confidently (oven with an excess of confidence, so as to cheor this pationt nnd gentio nurse). "And what a spite it is that I can do nothing? Did yon ask the doctor, I'rudonco ? Is there nothing that I can fetcli him from IVnrwiclc ? — ay, or from London, for that matter ? 'Tis well for you that can do so niucli for your friend j what can I do hut wait about the Innea? 1 would take a message' anywhere, for rtny of you, if you would but tell me ; 'tis all that I can dft. But when sho is getting bettor, that will bo 'different — that will bo all different then ; I shall be able to get her many things to please her and amnse hor ; and— and — think of this, Prndescc," said he, his fancies running away with hiin in his oagerness, " do you not think, now, tint whon she is well onongh to be carried info tho garden- — do you not think that PiOydcil and I could deviso eomc-kind of couoh — to be pat on wheals, seo you, and slung on leather bonds, so that it would go easily? — why, I swear it could bo made ! — nnd might be in readiness for her — what think you, Prudence? No ono could object if wo prepared ft — ay, and wo should cot it to go as smooth as velvet, so that oho conlcj bo taken along the'ltvues or through tho meadows' '1 would there were toed of it," Prudence said, wistfully. " You too fast. Nay, but if '" como woll ont of this deep sleep, who kr<>\vi .' Pray Heaven there be need for all that yon can do for her." '; :.o chirping of a liuall bird closo by SL.-.. :l -d them— it was 610 first sound of tho coming day. - Anil then Bho said, regarding him — "YV'culd you like to ete Judith — for a mo> mont ? 'Twould not disturb hor." He stopped baok— wifii a Bnddon look of dismay on his fnco. "What moan you, Prudence?" he said, quickly. "Yon do hot i think that— that — there is fear? — that I bliould look 'at her now?" "Niiy, not so; I trust not," she sold, Simply. "But if you wished, you might slip up the stair — 'twould do no hand" He stooped and took otlhio shoes and throw them aside ; then eho led the way into the hoQso ; and they went stealthily up the short wooden stair. Tho door was open an inch or two; Prudencj oponcd it atill fur ther, but did not go into he room. Nor did he; iio remained at tho theshold, for Judith's mother, whb was sitting by the bedside, and who had noticed the sligliqopcniug of tho door, had raised her hand quiesy, as if in warning. And was tills Judith, the?, that the oold morn ing light, entering by jho small casement, showed him — worn and wasted, tho natural radianco of her face al| fled, and in placo of that a dull hectic tone tlift in nowise concoatcd tho ravages the fever had made. Butoliooiopt sound. Tlio bent arm, (pat sho had raised to hor hoad ere sho foil asloJp, lay absolutely still. No, it was not tlio Judijh ho had known — so gay and radiant and tmghing in tho summer meadows; but tho waited form still hold a prcoiuua life ; and fio' had no mistrust — ho would not doubt ; thwo was thoro still what would win baok for hia the Judith that ho had known — ay, if they hat to wait all througli tha winter for tho first silvbr white days of spring, Thoy stole down riturs again, and went to tho front door. All (lie world wn3 awaking ' noiy ; tho light was.-clcar around thom, tlio small birds were twittering in tho boshes. "And will you net go nnd got some sleop now, Prudonce?" eaii lio._ " Surely you havo earuod it ; and now iliere is tho chonco." "I could not," eh) enid, simply. "There "Wilt tie timo for sleep by and bye. But now, 'If you Would do ns aTervlco, will you go over to tho town and jell Susan that Judith is sleoping peacefully, and that sho 'need not liutry baok, for theri bo pleiity of Us to watch and wait, And Julius would like to hear tho g'obd flows ; that I .know. Then yon your- solf— rdo you not'nool feat?— why " tleoa not for m«, doar Pruaqnoe, -said ho quickly; 'as tf'lt wort not worth Y/hllo wasting timo oa that topto. 'fintis tliero naught oiso ' I' can do for yo-.i r Naught that I can bring for you— against her getting noli again I" " Nay, 'tin all too soon for that," woo Pcn- denoo's answer. " I would tho occasion woro hero, and dure," Well, ho wont away ovor to tho town, and : told his talo to thoso that woro astir, leaving a message for those who woro not ; and then iio passed on to his own liouso, and threw him- solf on his bod. But ho oould not rest. It woo too far away, while all his thoughts wore concentrated on the Bmoll oottago over there. So ho wandered back thither; and again had assurance that Judith waa doing rvoll ; and then ho wont quietly np to the summer house, and Bato dov-n thoro ; and scarcely had ho folded hia arms on tho little table, and bent forward his head, than ho was in a dorp sleep —nature claiming her duo at last, | The hours passod ; ho know nothing of thom. He was awakened by Judith's father ; and iho looked around him Btrangoly ; for he saw by tho light that it waa now afternoon. "Good lad," said he, "I mako no acrnplo of rouBingyou. _ There, ia bettor nows. 8I10 fa awako ; and quito calm and peaceable, and in her right mind — thongh sadly weak and listless, poor wonob." " Havo you seen hor — havo you spoken with hor ?" he said, eagerly. "Nay, not yot," Judith's father said, "f am doubtful. Sho is so faint and woak, I would not disturb her " " I pray you, sir, go and spoak with tier 1" Quinoy entreated. "Nay, I know what will give her moro peace of mind than anything, And if sho begin to recall what happonod ore aha foil ill — I pray yon, Blr, of your kindness go and spoak with hor !" Judith a fathor won1; away to tho house, slowly, and with his lioad bent in meditation. He spoko to tho dootor for a few minutos. But whon, aftor some deilboratlon, he wont up Btairs, and into tho room, it was his own advice, Iiib own plan, ho was noting on. Ho wont forward to the bedside, and took the chair that tho old grandmother had in stantly vacated, and sate down just as if nothing had occnrrod, ' Well, IasB,_ how goes it with theo ?" he said, with an air of easy unconcern. "Bravely well, I hear. Thou must hasto thoo now, for soon we shall bo busy with tho browing." SI10 regarded him in a atrango way— perhaps wondering whether this was another vision. And then sho said faintly : " Why are you come baok to Stratford, father?" "Oh, I havo many affairs on hand," said ho ; "and yet I li' not the garden to he so empty, I cannot spare thoo over horo muoh longer. 'Tis bottor when thon art in the garden, and little Bess with thee — nay, I awear to thco thon distnrhest me not and eo must thon get quickly woll nnd homo again." Ho took her hand— tho thin, wonC white hand — and patted it. " Why," said he, " I hear thoy told theo somo foolish atory about mo. Beliove them not, lass. Thon and I aro old friends, despite thy, saucy ways, and thy laughing at the young lads ahont, and thy lecturing of littlo Bess Hall — oil, thou hast thy faults — a m&uy; of tlieni too— but hood no idlo storio3, good lass, that come between mo and thoo. ' Nay, T will havo n sharp word for thee an thou do not as tho Doctor bids ; and thou must re3t theo stilt and quiet and trouble not thy head, for wo want theo back to us at Now ITaco. Why, I tell thoo I cannot havo tho garden left so' empty : wonldst havo mo with nono to talk with but goodman Mathew ? So now farewell for tho moment, good woncli ; get what sleep thou canst ; and take what tho Doctor bids theo ; why, knowst thou not of tho ribands nnd glovea I have brought theo all tho way from London? — I warrant me thoy will ploaso thgo P Kti patted hor hand again, and rose and left -—as if it wero all a matter of course. For a mlnuto br two after, tho girl look dOzed and bewildered, as if Bho wero trying to recall many things ; but always sho kept looking at tho hand that ho had hold, and there was a ptoasod light In her nod and tired eyes. She - lay otill and silent— for so she had been enjoined. Bnt by and by she said— in a way that was like tho ghost of J adith'a voice of old — " Grandmother— I can scaroo hold up my hand — will you help me ?— what is this that is on iny hoad — — " "Why, 'tis a pretty laco cap that Su3'an brought theo," tho grandmother said, "ondwo would havo tlioo smart and hoat ere thy father camo in." But sho had got her hand to her hoad now ; and thon the truth became known to lior. She began to cry biftbrly. " Oh, grandmother, grandmother," eho said, or sobbed, "thoy havo cut Off my hair ; and my father will nevor look with favor on me again. 'Twas all he ovor ptaiaed,!" " Deario, dearie, thy hair will grow again ns fair ns ever — ay, and who ovor had prettier?" tho old grandmother said. " Why, surely ; and the roses will como to thy cheeks, too, that wore over tho brightest of any in the town. Thy father ?— hearJeat thon not what ho said a moment ago — that lie conld not bear to bo without "theo? nay, any, fret not, good laes, thoro bo plenty that will right gladly wait for the growing of thy hair again — ay, ay, thoro bo plenty and to spare that will hold thee. In high favor and think well of tliee— and thy father mo3t of nlt of them — havo no fear !" And so the grandmother got her sbothed and hushed ; and at laat alio lav still add silent. But she had been thinking " Grandmother," oaid oho, regarding her thin, wasted hand, "la my face like that?" "Hush 'tlieo, child, thon must hot spoak moro now — or tho dootor will bo scolding mo." " But tell ma, grandmothor," She pleaded. " Why, then," sho answered, orasivoly, " it bo nono so plump as it wore— hut all that will 'todud— ay, ay, good lass, 'twill mend surely." Again sho lay alleflt for a whilo ; but her mind was bnay with its own foars. " Grdfldmothor," sho Bald, " Will yoU pfomlse mo this— to koop Quitiby axvay ? You will not lot kihi como into tho room, good grandmothor, should ho ovor comb brdr to tho cottage S" "Ay, and bo this tliy thanks, then, to'-him that rode all 'the way to London town to briflg thy'fathcr to thoo?" said tho old dame, with Somo affectation of reproach. "Wero I at thy 'tsgo, I Would havo a fsitor mossago for him. "A'moa3agb,- 'grandmother ?" tho girl said; turning !h'er' laUguld eyes to hor with Boms faial odgbtnjas, "'Ay, that I wbuld todd hhn willingly. . Ho went to London for me, that I know ; Frndonco said eo# But parohonoo ho would not cats to havo it, would -he, think yout" Tho old dame listened, to mako. sura that the Doctor woo not within hoaring— for .this talking was forhfddan. ; but eho. was anxious to havo the girl s mind ploasod and at rcat t to bore—'10 hand and whispered " £ ,3u,tt!!'lag0 ! 1 I warrant mo tho lad would think mora of it than of aught olsafn tho world. Why, awoothoart, ho hath boon navor away froin tho houco aU ihm timo— watching tp bo of oemco to any one— night aud day , it hath boen so— and that ha ha nqt dono to .death passoo my understanding. Av -and- tho riding to London, and tho, bringing Jf thy father, and all— ia't not worth a word of thanks ? Nay, tho youth hath wan to my favor, I doolaro to tiiee ; if none else will speak for hiin, I will ; a right good honest youth,-,! warrant. But. there, now, sweating, hush thoo; I may not sneak moro to thee, oiso tho Doctor will bo for driving mo forth." Thoro was silence for some time ; thon Judith said, wistfully — " What flnvrora aro in the garden now. grand mother ?" Tho old damo went to tho window— slower it was an oxouao tor not having too much talking going on, " Tho garden lie far past its bast now," said alio, " but there he marigolds, and iGohaelmaa daisies " " Could yon got mo a hit of rosemary, grand- mother the girl aakod " Rosemary ? " eho oriod in affright— for tils mention of the plant seemed to strike a funoraf note." Foolish rvenoh, thou knowest Icannover got the rosemary bushes through the spring frosts. Rosomary, truly ! What wanteat thou with llosomary ? " " Or a ponay, thou ? " "A pansy, doubllens— ay, 07, that ba hotter wo may find a pansy far thee somewhere ceil & plenty of otuor thlogs, so thou Lie still and got wolL" Nay, I want hut the ono, grandmother," sua said, slowly, " You know I cannot writo a mossago to him ; aad yet I would send him some token of thanks for all that ho hath dona. And would not that do, grandmother ?— conld youbutfind lucapansy — if there beonelcftauy- where — and a small leaf or two ; and if 'twere put in a folded paper, and you could -givo him it from mo, and no ono knowing ? I would rest tho happier, grandmother, for I would not have him think mo ungrateful — no, no, -lie must not think mo that. And then, good grandmothor, you will tali him that I .wish - him not to oca mo ; only— only, the- little flower will show film that I am not ungrateful ; for. I would not have -him think me that." "Rest you still' now, then, sweeting,"" the old daino said. " I warrant- mo we . will have the message convoyed to him; but r63t .you otill — rostwou still — and erelong you-will not be ashamou to ahow him. tils 00303 coming again into your cheeks." 