Australians talk about the enake season, the big-mushroom season, and other big things in season, and we presume that all sensible season have again turned their attention to the practical business of life, and are pre pared to do the best they can in their allotted spheres. But, to return to limes and seasons. We think it will be admitted that of late yean what may be termed the agricultural and horticultural show season has been growing into undue proportions, and the offshoots are to be found in the country wherever there are a few selectors and a roadside village with its store and public-house. And now, where the settlers cannot raise. flowers or stoek to make a show sufficiently attractive, they can rear babies and exhibit them ! When such a miscel laneous assortment of things, animate and inanimate are brought together it is termed a show. The few who get up such a thing christen themselves a society, and, growing bolder, put in their claim to Government' for a slice of the public revenue to keep the society alive. They are thus placed in funds to give awards, and some times the judges award prizes to ani mals that are hardly worth the food they consume. This could not, perhaps, be the fault of the judges, for, like the proverbial tailor who had to cut according to his cloth, all they had to do was to deal with the material before them. In the older and more populous districts agricultural and horticultural societies are more worthy of the name. They have, moreover, been the means of stimulating farmers and breeders to raise better horses for the road and the farm, also sheep with wool of finer quality and longer staple. There has likewise been a marked improvement in the breed of cattle, pigs, and fowls. But the societies are branching too rapidly^ and we fear that the proper object is lost sight of to a great extent by the growing spirit of rivalry. One township will not be behind another in that respect,, and not unfrequently the promoters of such institutions look uoon the whole thins- in a business light as affecting themselves. Hence what should be of first importance if not lost sight of altogether is but of secondary interest. Some two or three months ago show succeeded bLow in town and country so rapidly that exhi bitors were kept travelling from place to place, and yet they were unable to attend all. Machinists, of course, take their machines and implements with the view of extending- their trade, but the thing has to be done at the sac rifice of. a deal ot time, and involves much labor and cost. ? What is wanted to make agricultural societies really efficient and in the highest degree useful is amalgamation, and consequently centralisation. In referring to this matter we do not mean to point to districts at a distance where a reformation is desirable as regards, agricultural shows. We deem it essential to begin at home, and the show season being over this is perhaps the most fitting time to ventilate the subject and for the different societies to discuss the matter fairly and dis passionately. If was suggested some months ago that The Barn on the Hill River estate would be a grand centre for holding agricultural and horticul tural sbows. We have no wish to make this subject a hobby, nor will we attempt to force it on the surrounding societies. They can think the matter over and act accordingly. At the same time there is much that can be said in favor of such n project. The site is not many miles from the Farrefl's Flat railway station, and hence the people for .some distance along1 the railway north and south would find The I3ani a suitable centre. For instance, the Burra, Mintaro. Manoora, and Saddle worth people could bring produce, machinery, and stock by roil at little cost and without much trouble. Then the distance would not be great for Auburn, Watervale, Clare, Yacka, or Spalding, and therefore the whole of the country which such places embrace could be easily represented. Then again there is every convenience in the shape of substantial fences, build ings, stables, sheds, and yardc All these would be available, and in addi tion Mr. Angas would give something substantial to the society. We can anticipate objections from persons who allow their business to be the alpha and omega of their existence, but it is not necessary to mention them. By offer ing liberal prizes exhibitors would come from a distance, and were the day after the show a sale day there would be an interchange of stock and other exhibits, and the district would be much benentted. Our object is to get the different societies to speak out on this subject, and although there is a strong tendency to cling to things that add a little importance to a place, yet in this age of advancement that which is calculated to do the greatest good should not be lost sight of. New Year's Eve. — We are pleased to be able to record the decease of larrikinism in this town. At least, there were no signs of larrikin vitality on New Year's Eve. There waa no disturbance, and no property disfigured or touched in any way. The police were on the look out, hut they had nothing to do, as the few persons who were seen in the streets were orderly aud re spectable. Auburn Radjfaix.— The following ia the. rainfall registered at the Auburti tele graph station during the months named for the past three years, in inches : — 1881\. 1882. 1883. January .. 2.960 0.250 0.115 February .. 0.025 0.000 0.890 March.. .. 0.690 0.160 0.000 April .. .. 0.760 2.540 1.320 May .. .. 1.500 2.290 6.370 Tnna ft5WM VWJft 9. 7R0 July .. .. 1.960 3.000 4.110 August .. 3.020 4.1G0 8.320 September .. 1.570 0.930 2.200 October .. 1.700 2.910 1.330 November .. 0.590 1.440 1.0S0 December . , 0.530 0.500 0.720 31.715 19.830 24.085 Artesian Well at Tarkanina.— The deepest bore in the colony ie the one in progress under tbe hydraulic department at Tarkanina, where the cretaceous formation has been penetrated to a depth ot 1,091 feet, and progress is being still made at the rate of about three feet a day. This bore is of the utmost value as a test of tbe immense cretaceous basin in the north-east corner of the province. - Fossils have been met with throughout, and extraordinary thick bands of iron pyrites, which has made the work more than ordinarily difficult. The machine used is -one constructed in the colony, and consists of percussion steel drills worked by steampower. There is a reason able expectation of soon reaching an inexhaustible supply of good water, which, if it is tapped, will no doubt rise near to or over the surface ; the bottom of the bore is now quite 1,000 feet below sea-level. — Stgitter. Watch Night and New Year's Day Serytcbs. — About 11 o'clock on New Year's Eve the ringing of the hell at the WeBleyan Church, Clare, intimated that a night service was to be held, A large num ber of persons attended, and the pastor, the Rev, C Lane, preached a very appropriate sermon, dismissing the congregation shortly after the midnight hour. Service was held at the English Church on the morning of the new year, when a number of persons were present. The service was moat suit able for the occasion. Vital Statistics. — The District Regis trar, Mr. T. W. Powell, informs us that be only registered 46 births for the month of December — 19 males, end 27 females ; for the quarter, 74 males, and 90 females. Be also registered 18 deaths— 9 zanies, and 9 females, 12 being under six months of age. Class Rainfall — Essatcu. — The total rainfall should have been 24,990 inches instead of 25.090 inches as published in our last issue. Vital Statistics. — The District Regis trar at Auburn reports having registered four births during December, being three males and one female ; and one death. Intercolonial Cricket Match. — The match between Victoria, and New South Wales was concluded ou Monday, and re sulted in a win for the former. The scores were— New South Wales, 412 and 143; Victoria, 430 and 136 for seven wickets. The Habvest.— The wheat crops are nil ripe in the Clare district and reaping is general. The weather is now very favor able for that work, and all is bustle on the farm. The yield is turning out better than expected, and it is believed that tbe average will be equal to that of last season. Several loads of wheat have been brought into Clare during the last fortnight, but none of it was grown in the district, having come ehiefly from Rochester and Spalding. Picnic and Entertainment. — A picnic in connection with the Clare Band of Hope was held on New Year's Day on the open ground south of the Clare Oval. Games and amusements of various kinds were in dulged in, young and old alike seeming to thoroughly enjoy themselves. In the even ing a concert was held, and a short but good programme was gone through. Dr. Bain occupied the chair, and gate an iuteresting address on the health and moral character of teetotallers and temperate men compared with those of drinkers. In his experience tbe former was by far the better class so cially and physically, as his practice and intercourse had proved. He spoke of the Turks and their religion, which, he said, compelled total abstinence, causing them to cling with great tenacity to their religious belief. Ths programme opened with a chorus by a company of lady and gentleman j amateurs, who pa:)£ with effect, as they did j also in tiic cliorijat'S and glees following1. Mr. Walnieley rscitol *' Man's Ghost,'' .;ijci was followed fry the Misses Hooper, wiio Bang the duet ' Friendship' very well. Miss Robin, who sang ' Beautiful Brooklet,' made her appearance in public for the first time, and with some improvement has a bright prospect before her. Miss Hooper sang ' A6k m© Again, and I'll not Say No,' in a very pleasing manner, the songstress having to submit to an encore. ' Hearts and Homes,' by Miss Lyford and Master Hopkins, and a glee by the company pre ceded the interval. The remainder of the programme consisted of a trio, recitation, solos, and duets. Tbe singing of tbe Mieses Hooper and Lyford, and a character song, ' Poor Old Joe,' were much appreciated and applauded. Cablb Nbws. — Tbe following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — The English Government propose expend ing £100,000 on the defences of Aden.— Advices received from the Soudan announce that El Mahdi's forces recently attacked the Egyptian position at Qezireh, near Berber. The insurgents ware repulsed, however, by the garrison, and forced to retreat with heavy loss. — Baker Pasha has reported to the Government that a messenger from El Mahdrs camp recently fell into his hands, and upon searching him important letters were seized, which eeem to foreshadow the intention of his partisans to advance from the Soudan into Egypt proper. — Since the great disaster to the Black Flags and Chinese at Sontay communications have passed between the French authorities and the Government of China. ' The tone of the Chinese is now more yielding, and they are diepoeed to make further concessions to France. Admiral Courbet, who advauced northward with the rest of the troops, has now returned to Hanoi, where he is making further preparations for the campaign. — Much excitement is felt in the neighborhood of : Dromore, County Down, owing to the meetings of Nationalists and Orangeman which have been announced to take place to-day. A thousand troops have been drafted into the town with a view to pre vent any outbreak of hostilities between the two parties. Accident at Torowib. — Our Terowie correspondent, writing on the 2nd last., says : — *? A, sad accident occurred here yes terday (New Year's- Oay), to a man named Hugh McDonald. He was riding a young horse, and was violently thrown, bis ekuil being fractured and his jaw broken in two places. Dr. Baker was soon in attendance, but little hopes are entertained of the poor fellow's recovery.' Australian Eleven v. Combined Team. — The cricket match between the fourth Australian Eleven and a combined eleven of Australia is now being played on the Melbourne Cricket Club ground. After two days' play the Australian Eleven had scored 619 for nine wickets. Murdoch was 279 (not out), McDonnell 111, and Giffen 63. 