. , ' K Qiitical Jllnstons. WriBt? tho eyo is deceived and a person misled by things eeominqf to bo what thoy oro hot; it is epbkou o! no an " optica illusion/' The familiar oppression that.1 seeing Is bolioving" implies that most people trust to their eyes moro than to their own senses.' "I havo seen it with my own eyes" is looked upon as on .ihdiap'utablo, aconvincibg argument, although there aro a fow ' doubting. Thomases who would add tho testimony of the Benso of feci- ibg. to that of sight before admitting that a thing ia actually bo/-' . Tho facta in tho eooo ore that any ono of our Bcnsca may mislead ns, and will do so un less wo unifo caution with experience. As sophists, cse logio to prove the falsa true,: so tbo venmlbquist by tho exoroise of his art decoives th6 ear, and tho sleigbt-of-bond per former cheats yonr eyes. ' How is this pos- eiblo? f'r A' . Certain rays |of light coming from a distant Ivaio Atitn rfhn Ae« iknil nrrtdnfso narinin Utn eations upon the retina, which , sensations aro roportod to tho brain through the optio n'ervo;":., t ' ' \- ' Tho brain interprets tbo signals, by tho aid hi past experience, and wo think vjq havo seen the distant' object. In iaot, we havo only re ceived a mcssago froth it. If tho telegrapbio operator ih Washington strikes bis key twice, thfl'Kow Tork operator writes down O, bat if be strikes it three times tho lattor writes down 8, unless ho fails, to hear tho third tiok, or thinkB bo boo beard but two, wbon ho is led into rtho mistake of writing 0 whero ho should write S. Tho oignkls, when correctly given, may. bo interpreted correctly or incorrcotly. Bo the signals correctly registered on the retina aad roportod to tho brain may bo io correotly translated and interpreted, thus resulting in an error, an illusion. . ' Place a1 man and a dog side by aide of a distanco of 20 feet, and aoy person with an eyo capable of distinguishing them will bo ablo to toll which is on the right, which on the left. The oyo is uot cosily deceived as to position at right angles to the line of vision. Let the man advanco fivo feet ; it ia easy tu tell that tbo dog Is. farther away than tbe man. rust, piaca rue man at a ouitmco oi 100 feet, tho dog at 105 feet; it is not so cosily decided as before, although mistakes ore rare with it normal eye. But at 500 and COO feet, respectively, it is less easy, although wo can btill toll which is to tho right and which to tho left. Tbo images formed on tho retina by' tho earoo object at different dis tances aro very similar, differing only in size And distinctness. For this reason it is difficult to judge of distances, requiring much practice. A pen-on standing on a straight strip of railroad ia rarely able to tell whether a distant 'train ia apprrachiug, or receding, or at rent, so alight is the chauge in apparent slzo from which tba distanco is to bo esti mated. Upon tho via it io very difficult, without long practice, to judge of distances. Aa a carious instance ol inability to judge of distances, and hcnco of -the direction of horizontal motion, may be mcntioucd that of tho governor ot a fteaur engine. At a certain distanco nay £0 feet) tiro eyo will ecem to sea tho. hallo turning in a ceit&iu; direction, but on next looking at tium thin motion seems to havo changed to thu levtrso, and after several alternations tho tuind be comes perplexed, and fiaully is ublu to ece thorn taming cither way. . An oatlina drawing of a cube, may be m&do; to look like tho interior or exterior at will at a considerable distanco: the real cube can bo made to do the same. Shading, perspective, <ScM aro resorted to by tho artist to give tbo idea o! distance. Intho matter-of dlrtction deception is not bo cosy, as in distanco. Our cxperiencs tells ua that'll a person hits ua in tho back with a ball ho ia probably behind, not in front of us. Tho object seen lies in tho samo direction as that from which tho light comes when it enters tho eyo. If by any means the direc tion of thdr&y; hao been changed between tbo timo,.when it left tho abjeot' and the time when it reooh'ed the eyo, this rulo is violated, and deception results. Whon this ohangb is effepted by tho. reflection- it is attended with more or less loss ol light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads'mo one to suspedt a reflecting surface. If the mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be miBled. The well-known " ghost Is due to the reflection of a strongly lighted 'figure from a plate ofunailverod'glaBS; Many , of the beat tricks, with floating heads and the ! like, are.arrahgcd with mirrors. No illusions are more pqrfeot than, those produced with minora.' , v i Refraction always changes tho apparent place , of an object, so that wo seem to see the snn after it has gone below the horizon. A more striking but leaafreqaontphenomcnon of refraction is that known as mirage. - Re fraction also affects the color ol an object. The media through which light passes has more or less effect upon tho ray. In a fog objects aro dimly seen, the effect resembling that due "to 'diBtanoo, hohce objeots look larger, ior tne eye juages or tno size or an object' by multiplying tho size of tho imago or impression received by the squaxo of tho dis- |anoo, \wbile tho latter is estimated from tbe indiotinotucsB of tho object. In tho fog tbe apparent .distance is increased, but the eye interprets it as duo to tho opposite oauso. y On looking at tho photograph of a tree; a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not possiblo; to form a correot idea of its size un less & man or animal is seen in the same view with which to comparo it. In nature, ospeoiolly on land, the intervening objeots thatlead up to it give the data on which to ctdoulate the distance. Whore noho 'iiiter. vbno, as ,in looking from peak to peak, tho eye mupfc depend on distinctness, and where ttioiair ds very dlear and, transparent, as in Oolorado, distances seem less, than they are. If . the objeot is eoen through transparent, but oolpred, media, the form remains true, but tho(colora are changed. . : Oh looking direotly at tho loop or ourve of an incahdescent lamp it is frequently difficult to distinguish its form, tho whole loop being radiant; and dakzling, while its reflection is so rauoh Iobd, brilliant tliat tho form of the oar- bpn is easily discovered. A.'jviro or bar 'of iron. looks. mqoh larger when red hot than when tjeld .for tho, same reason, 'and. a. fire at; night seems' nearer, owing to its bright- nessi.than in thud&y.; ' hv.w. f«uv« »o utcuuu ul iuq luuil u1ui the . oj<| doss not and oaunut msqsuio die tonpB, bat only (jive's more or less iropar/eot data fr6ui whiob tho mind cslqulates the dis- (.1)00, than tho ahild's efforts to grasp tho moon, and ol the dog that hays at that dis tant lutninury which looks bo near; nor ono any of 'ua, wuh our naked syo, ootimato the relative dietadosa . of -tho sun and stars. The pbape and dolor al an ohject aro all that tho eyo ;nlono can report' with 'tolerable ocoiiraoy, but by experience wo lenra to dis- tingoiuh tho torture of sub.taneii, tho nature of services, and many other things tlmt belong 'mora properly to tho sunso ot . touch. Wc distingaish'.eqtin from velvet and wool from cotton at a glanco, Tho pninlcr'a art largeli consists In dsooiving the eyo; in eo mixing ond blonding his pigments that they product thb - samo impression- as stono and wood, ox earth and trees, or flesh and'blood would do, and thb greater liia skill, tho more perfect the decoptioh; Tho' imitation is ravcly so pof'febt no to decoivd thb exporionccd, nnd yet the pleasure derived from tho, imitation oxooeda that given by tho reality, just as misery and. uuu QuucriDg, \7acu weu , aopictca on .tbe stQRc.givo plcosuro. but tbo sight o' tho rcaUty givespain. . In many thipgo tbo mind enjoys being do- coivcd, and optical illuojons gtvo us pluanaro, do much so that .thoeo wlio arc capablo of qomplotoly dcoeiving this tho aoqteat of' our Bonoes got well . paid for oxeroisiug their caieutB. H. 