A Royal Ghost. A TELE GE Ail from Berlin says: — A few nights ago the famous 'Wiesse Dame,' or White Lady, the spiritus fam&iaris; ef the Hohenzollern family, is reported to have seen by the sentinels before the Alte Schloss. The legend of this apparition is well known- An ancestress of the HohenzoUerns, Coun tess Orlamonde, is said to leave her grave and walk, in solemn and measured step, the corridors of the Alte Schloss in Berlin whenever any member of the Boyal Family is about to die. Notwithstanding their prof onnd scepticism, most Berliners, strangely enough, still believe the story of the White Lady. The_ capital is quite excited over the pretended ap parition. All are talkiner about it and wondering what member of the dynasty is next destined to die. The White Lady is a ghost who has frequently been seen in different castles and palaces belonging to the Boyal Family of Prussia. She is supposed to forbodo the death of some of the royal family, espe cially one of the children. Her last appearance was in 1879, just prior to the death of Prince Waldemar A soldier on guard was witness of the apparition, and in his fright fled to the guard- room, where he was at once arrested for deserting his post. Twice she has been heard to sneak. In December, 1698, she ap Ssared in the palace at Berlin, and said in Latin, 'I wait for judgment.' Again at the castle of Neuhaus in Bohemia when she said to the Princess, in German, 'It is ten o'clock,' and the lady ad dressed died in a few weeks. There are two -white ladies in fact — one of the Countess Agnes Orlamcnde who is referred to by our Berlin correspondent, and the other Princess Bertha, vor. Eosenberg, who lived in the 15th century. The former was buried alive in a vault in the palaoe. She was the mistress of a Mar grave of Brandenburgh, by whom she had two sons. \Vhen the Prince became a widower Agnes thought he would marry her, but he made the sons an objec tion, and she poisoned them, for which crime she was buried alive. Another version is that ehe foil in love with the Prince of Parma and made away with her two daughters, who were an obstacle to her marriage, for which crime she was doomed to ' walk the earth ' a.s an apparition. The Princess Bertha is troubled because an annual gift which she left to the poor has been discontinued. She appears dressed in white and carries at her side a bunch of keys. 