WINNING A WIFE AND A STEEPLECHASE. (Concluded.) For many days after my foolish remark to old Warley did I mentally curse myself fo having been so foolish as to provoke him and when Lizzie came home from her visi she also looked serious when I told her what an ass I had madeof myself. Blut there was nothing that suggested itself to us buth waiting for the result, and in myown mind, though I tried to inspire Lizzie with hope, I knew there was not the ghost of a chance for me, for a few trials at the distance with Don Pedro had proved to me that I could not live with him for three miles, though I made it very merry for him for two, Jem also helped me all he could in preparing Bayard for the coming struggle. Hie knew the position in which I stood with Mr. WVarley, and I believe if I had been treacher ons enough to ask him to lose, he would have been very much tempted to do so; but we had Comet to beat, and if I couldn't staoy with the Don, my chance of beating off an old veteran like Comet was a very remote one. There was nothing for me to do but to trust in Providence and my good luck and my heart was very heavy for the few weeks preceding the races. 'How is that bullock of yours coming on?' Sthe old chap used to remark with a chuckle, sometimes of an evening; 'it appears to me he goes slower the longer you train him. I wouldn't bother about him if I was you ; he will never see once round -the course;" and he would cast a sarcastic glance at poor Lizzie, who used to look pitifully at me in return. I had my revenge out of him, how. ever,iat his favorite game. I never had suoch luck in my life. It had become almost a matter of certainly my beating him four or five games out of every six, and although I secretly enjoyed his suppressed wrath, I knew it was only tending to harden the old man against me. I couldn't try and lose, for the old chap would have detected me at once and been very wrathful, so I went on beating him every night, to his intense dis gnast. The crisis of my fatewas approaching nearer every day. As for Lizzie, she used to haunt the stable and caress Bayard when ever she got a chance, doubtless under the impression that her fair hands and soft voice would have an immense influence in persuad. ing him to do the best he could inthe forth= coming struggle. The long looked for and fateful. day rapidly approached, and ao Jim and I passed Mr. Warley two days before the races to proceed to Tambo on our respective steeds, a look of pride passed over his couantenance as be noticed the splendid-condition and proud bearingof the Don, and, turning tome with the first smile I had seen on his face for some weeks, he said kindly 'I am sorry for you, my lad,' but you know, I suppose, by this time, you have no "chance with Pedro-Jim has told mae so, and if I wereyoulshould savethe horse and your. 'self any useless trying for an impossible re sult.' I felt very bitter towards him before he S.spoke so kindly to me, and I reined up my horse, letting Jim pass, and said, in a plead. ing tone ' 'Is there no chance of youraltering your mind, air?' 'None, my boy,' he replied; 'I never break my word.' ' Well, then,' said I, 'I will win or break my neck.' - . " 'Not much .fear of either,' he replied, laughingly; ' you can't win, and I think that nag of yours is of too sensible a breed to let you do the other. Good-bye for the present. I shall be in Tambo myself to-morrow, and Lizzie will be with me. Don't look so stupid, you young fool. What is afew years to wait? I never married till I was ovro thirty-five. Off you go ! Good-bye again, and I'wish you luck, though I know you haven't a'chance,' and, with a heavy heart, I fol. lowed Jim on the road, feeling sure as I did sno * that the old gentleman's judgment was cor. -rect,; and that I wasn't in it. The two days we spent in Tambo were fully occupied in various ways. Jim and I had a couple of quiet flutters round the ,eourse, both of us negotiating the jumps is \- ,a'very- satisfactory manner. WVe also saw the'Brisbaie favorite doing a short spin, his easy style ofjumping causing Jim to look rather serious. ' We shall have some trouble to shake that fellow off,' observed Jim, as Comet pulled up and. quietly walked round 'for a couple of turns. ' We must bring him down if we can. .You can't win, and the old man will break his heart if the Don loses. You force the pace, and I'll-?wit on him at the finish.' \- And I lose my chance,' said I bitterly, "i'. .Iflererbhad one". "' " e- ' It's very hard,' replied Jim, sympatheti. nally, ' but believe me you haven't a ghost of a chance, and if the old man sees you helping "ni, he might turn round and alter his mind afterward about you and Miss Lizzie.' 'Not much fear,' said I. 'Iknowhim to ;.: well for that, but, anyhow, you shan't lose if can help it.' " On our return I found MIr. WVarleyand his Sdaughter bad arrived, and during the day the old fellow backed his horse for a pretty stiff amount, the Brisbane betting men wio had accompanied Comet from town offering to go on tilt further orders. They also hacked Comet for a stake, taking very short odds from the local people, and two hours before ..the race he was the favorite at even money. I shall never forget that race. Iappeared to be In a dream from the timel came on the course till it was all over, when I seemed to rwake up suddenly. There were several minor events to come on before the big race, and I sauntered about with Lizzie and Mr. Warley, with a great coat over my jockey suit, prem tending to listen to what they were talking about, all the time not understanding hardly a word they said. My thoughts wandered awaymfrom every subject but one, and that onens 'the most important one. Lizzie also seemed unusually dull, and well shabe might, for I told her that I couldn't possibly win. l 'I.Tho-old gentleman, who was in the highest .spirits, seemed to look upon the race as his own, and the monoey in his pocket. S.'.'Com "and have a glass of champagne be. ,- foreyou start,' said he; ' fit will help to make you look more cheerful. Those fellows think they are sure to win with Comet, but they were never more mistaken in their lives. I don't believe, if a horse came down from heaven; he could beat the Don to- day. I never saw a horse so fit in my life.' So, after just 'wettingmy lips with the wine, I shook handa ,withthe par of them, and proceeded to mounet Bayard and give him a preliminary alongside of Comet, as Jim hadn't appeared yet. I noticedo the jockey kept glancinug at my horse as we took stride for stride half way round the course, and then walked them baock again, and he said That is a pretty mover of yours, sir. Does 7: he fence well' "' 'Wait till you see him,'I replied. ' If you can't live with me for the first two miles, Sdon't think you will see much of me at the finish. aI ad this an order to induco him to race me, so as to help the Don. As aoi aed grn came over his not' very h andsome faceh be h'refm~ed-- , .' " ' You won't find me farehsinhd at thi end 'll bet you a hundredi baat you,.at any 'I'll lay fifty you don't,' said I, 'reak. S 'Done,' said he. ' And as we arrived at the sterting post, I 'esaw him whiiper to his owner, ahI looked all ova?l' iyard, anil ollered to Jay me another pony ' didn't beat Comet. Jim, who was along nide of me, winked warningly, and I took no notice of thooffar, In another moment we were off, Jim whisper ing before we started that he would give me a lead over the first jump. It all seems like a dream to me now as it did then. I could see nothing, think of nothing but the task before me; and after the first jump I forged ahead at a pace that left both in the rear. There were only three starters, two horses having been scratched, and for the tirst round I looked all over a winner. A roar went up as I passed the temporary stand, at least a hundred yards ahead, with Bayard still pulf. ing like a demon, and going well within him self, a slight hope arising in my mind that he night last. As I came to the last fence of the second round, I heard a roar, and knew something had happened, but I couldn't look behind, as the fence was in front of me. I had no sooner got over than I looked be. hind me, and saw only Comet coming, with a wet sail, and overhauling me at every stride. I knew then that the Don had either baulked or fallen, and my heart sunk within me as I heard the thud of the horse behind me, and felt Bayard leaving off pulling ; a sure sign that he had had nearly enough of it. fle was still ming?retty freely, but I felt sure the next alf mle would about settle my chance. Two jumps from home, and about half a mile from the winning post, Comet was along side of Bayard, and in a second was past me, the jockey, with a grin, saying-'I've got you, young 'un,' as he swept away towards the next jump, which was a stiff log one, about four-foot-ten, a very nasty thing to try after such a severe race. 1 watched him send his horse at it in a most determined style, and I took a slight pull on Bayard, as I knew I was out of it if Comet got over. To my joy the horse deliberately baulked, and his rider turned him round for a fresh attempt. In a mmoent I gave Bayard his head, and rushed him right at it, and in the next moment we we were both over and both on the ground the other side. I was up in an instant, so was my horse, and, not having let go the reins, I was mounted and off in a second, after a glance backwards as soon as I-had settled. myself in the saddle. This glance, however, showed me that Comet still declined to try the timber, nor could he be got over at all that day. The pace for the first two miles had been too warm for him, or something had interfered with his temper; anyhow, he was disposed of for the remainder of the race, but Don Pedro was coming very fast, and threat. ened to beat the pair of us unless I could keep Bayard going and clear the next jump, which was only a small three-foot hurdle. 'Keep it up, old man,' I shouted, patting him instinctively, as another shout told me the Don had cleared the logs, but by this time I was close to the hurdle, my horse nearly done and going all abroad. Itwas use fans me trying to lift him over the fence, so I sent him straight at it, and the old fellow sent it flying into smithereens with his chest, and we were in the straight, the Don nearing me every stride. The straight was a very short run, and if -ever a man aiid horse worked to get to the winning post we did, and when it was passed I had not the slightest idea as to who was the winner, so close were we together, and as we pulled up Jim said ' I think I've licked you, George, and I'm sorry for it, but I was bound to win if I could. I had a nasty fall at the back, and thought I was out of it, but when I saw Comet baulk, I thought I could come fast enough to lead you at the finish.' -But he was wrong. The judge's decision was Bayard by a short head, and if ever a man was elevated to the seventh heaven of happiness, it was yours truly. Two months afterwards Lizzie and I were married, the old gentleman asking me as a favor to sell him Bayard. I didn't; I gave the horse to him, and manya race the old fellow won afterwaerds, I can tell you; but, of course, he came into my possession when the old man died and left us everything. That was some of his progeny you saw in the stable this morning, and that was how I won a wife and a steeplechase. 