PROVISIONAL TEACHERS. After some years' working of the Edu cation Act the position of the public school teachers in South Australia is, on the whole, satisfactory. There are facilities given for their learning their profession, there is fair payment at each stage of their pro gresB, excepting in -the case of pupil teachers and perhaps also lower as sistants, and a position respectable and assured, where promotion is almost certain if they show zeal, capacity, and integrity. Now and then there are com plaints that the action of the Department gives special advantages to individuals, but it is too much to hope that any system can be so conducted as to satisfy every one. But the position of the teachers of the provisional schools which, situated sometimes at great distances from the larger centres of population, form nearly the half of the schools in the colony, is most unsatisfactory. We are aware that these teachers, 211 in number, are not certificated, but they are expected to follow the same methods and work up to the same standards as the public school teachers; and we are glad to see that in the reports of the In spectors, as well as in that of the Inspector - General, mention is made of the great improvement in provisional teachers' schools, owing to the good work many of them are doing. In the last re port, however, there is a change of arrangement which makes it difficult,1 if 1 not impossible, to sea in which class a school stands, or what is the individual and collective income from fees. Formerly the public and provisional schools were in separatelists; they are no vr mixed together in alphabetical order. We see, however, that under the head of salaries to pro visional schools £13,862 has been paid to 211 teachers— an average of £65 12s. Last year the number was 210, and the average £65. In the report for 1882 the aggregate sum received in fee3 was £3 516, or an average of nearly £16 15s. each, which, added to the £65, makes £81 153. We presume there is not much difference for 1883, as the conditions remain the same, and thus £82 7s. may be regarded as the average income of the provisional teacher. There is a clause in the regulations by which the provisional teacher receives 5s. for each percentage above 60; but this allowance is merged in the £13,862 paid a3 salaries, which includes all that these teachers receive from Go vernment. If 0 doubt each of the eleven provisional teachers who obtained 80 per cent, and upwards would receive £5 and upwards for results, and those who had between 60 and 80 would receive some thing. But to make up these resultpay ments the receipts of the other teachers must suffer. In former reports, too, the average attendance for each quarter wa3 specified, wherea3 only the average attendance for the year is tabulated in this last. The salary, or rather the allowance, of the provisional teacher depends on his monthly average attendance. Nine teen is the minimum, for which he is paid at the rate of £4 each yearly; 6s. 8d. monthly is deducted from his pay-sheet for every one short of nineteen. He is bound to teach as many more than nineteen as offer themselves, for Cd. a week, and all children under the compulsory age for 4d. weekly, without any payment from Govern ment. The temptation to falsify the rolls must be exceedingly strong in the case of the provisional teacher, and he is far too much at the mercy of the parents, who can deprive him of a large portion of his small income without in most cases being called to account. He is also dependent for his salary upon the weather and the state of health in the district, a3 well as upon agricultural needs. The attendance iB much worse in those dis tricts than in places where there are public schools, as would be seen clearly if they were tabulated separately. The salaries, moreover, are gene rally inclusive in another direction;, the public school teacher: either has a suitable residence provided or is allowed £20 towards rent. The provisional schools usually have no residence attached, unless it should happen that the district is declining in population and has previously pojsesaed a public school. The teacher, if a single man or single woman, must board out with some neighbouring farmer. But_ when the teacher is a married man a difficulty arises. In such cases either a house or an allowance for rent ought to be an indefeasible right. In the public schools department . all the charges for sundries, cleaning, &c;, amounting to £3,981, are defrayed by the State; but the cost of cleaning, warming, providing pens, pencils, chalk, and other school requisites for the 211 provisional schools is included in the average of £65 12s. Cd. called salaries. The smallest public school, containing from twenty to thirty scholars, is allowed £10 for these purposes, the amount rising in the case of large model schools 'to £84. And as these things must necessarily be done, the omission of provision for them is equal to a reduction of from £5 to £10 of the provisional teachers' scanty pay. The feea appear to' vary strangely in different places ; but ?. there are four schools open for the whole year in which the average number is only seven pupils, bringing in £28 from Government, and there are returns of fees amounting to £4 14s. 6d. and £3 15s. lOd. in such Bmall schools. People say lightly that these Bchools are only for single people girls who are glad to earn a little, or young men looking out for something better. But our schools are not like those in America, which are filled much in this way by students during College recess, or girls trying to make a little pocket money or to keep themselves till they are married. Our schools have to be kept open all the year through, and not for short terms. There were 117 female and 91 male provisional teachers on the staff last year, and we know that some of the latter are married men. Furthermore, while only sixteen public teachers left the department there were[ forty-seven provisional who left it, and we are not at all surprised that they should have done so. What is urgently demanded is a certain amount in the way of fixed salary, not to be seriously diminished on account of irregu lar attendance, but mainly dependent on the efficiency of the teaching and manage ment as tested by the Inspectors. Provi sional teacherB who are married also should have a residence and a fair allowance for school maintenance. If in the present state of the finances it is impossible to obtain more money for educational purposes, it becomes a serious question whether we may not adopt more extensively the system of half-time schools and itinerant teachers. This plan is contemplated by the Act, and experience in other places proves that good results can be obtained in this way. It is not essential to the success of school training that children should have to go to school five or even four and a half houra a day during five days of every week. Moreover, any additional out lay upon schools should for some time to come be directed mainly to the country districts. Children in the city have* special facilities for education. It is when we come to the scattered districts that we see children who would get no schooling- at all -if- Government did not lend its aid. The position of the pro visional teachers must be improved by some means. If schools are only of a provisional nature they cannot be sub stantial buildings. But in nearly all case3 they should be provided with a teacher's residence, which, may be either a temporary or a movable Btructure. If the present state of affairs be allowed to continue the post of teacher in a country district will come to be regarded as one to be shunned and despised instead of being, as it ought to be, an honourable occu pation, commanding the services of com petent, if not highly trained, teachers and the respect of parents having children to be educated. Jubilee Exhibition Despatches. — Some correspondence laid on the table of the House the other day relating to the proposed International Exhibition is well calculated to give an idea of the false position in which South Australia would place herself if the 'project were aban doned. The last despatch is one addressed by His Excellency the Governor to Earl Derby, the Colonial Secretary; and as it is dated February 15, 1884, it must have reached the Colonial Office only a little over two months age. - In it Sir W. C. F. Robinson calls attention to a copy of the Exhibition Bill, and says— ' The Bill has just been passed by both Houses of Parlia ment, and I am now therefore in a posi tion to inform your Lordship that it is proposed to open the International Exhi bition in Adelaide in Juno, 1887, and to request, at the instance of my Ministers, that a Royal Commission may be appointed in London to promote the objects of the Exhibition.' He also forwards a copy of the resolution adopted by the Exhibition Commission, in which it is requested that some member of the Royal Family should be invited to accept the position of Presi dent of the Royal Commission, and he ex plains that he delayed sending this re solution until the final authority of Par liament had been given. Enclosed at the same time were 700 copies of printed papers of various sorts inviting the co-operation of persons in all parts of Her Majesty's dominions, which docu ments the Governor requested Earl Derby to use in bringing the question before the notice of foreign and colonial Govern ments and of the Government of India. The approaching completion' of railway communication between &6uth Australia and Victoria is then alluded to, and the despatch concludes with the statement that the Exhibition will be opened on the fiftieth anniversary of Her Majesty's accession and in the fiftieth year of the colony's existence, June 20, 1887. The despatches of previous date have reference to the resolutions passed by the South Australian Parliament, and include a note from the Governor inviting Earl Derby's co-operation and the answer of the latter, who promises to communicate with the Secretary of State for Foroigu Affairs. It would hardly be possible for a colony to be more deeply com mitted to any project than South Australia is at the present moment to that of holding an International Exhibition, and every one who has the reputation of the country at heart must desire that some plan may be devised for obviating the objections that have been raised to the Exhibition. The great diffi culty which has hitherto deterred many people from encouraging the proposed enterprise has been the expense which it would 'entail^ but vre have already indi cated how that objection may be over come. The total outlay on the build ing according to the amended designs would enly be £67,500. A small charge for extra space occupied by those exhibitors who delight to adver tise themselves largely would recoup the colony for a certain proportion of th.B outlay, and the increased revenue from the railways and the expenditure on the part of visitors from other quarters of the world would certainly make up the difference either directly or indirectly. Let the colony not sit down under the disgrace of having to swallow its own proposals, but try to discover some method by which economy and enterprise may be combined. It is noteworthy that the despatch to Lord Derby implying that there wa3 no obstacle in the way of carry ing out the Exhibition was sent home just after the Government had come to the conclusion that the question of whether the Exhibition should be proceeded with or not ought to be remitted to the country. - ' _ ? Indefeasibility of Title.— Itis rather disheartening after the Real Property Act has been in force for a quarter of a century to find a gentleman occupying so prominent an official position as that of Master of the Supreme. Court endeavour ing to discredit the measure by reason of its alleged inartistic character, and laying down dogmatically the paradoxical doc trine that 'indefeasibility of title was one and the same thing as defeasibility.' The community, it would seem, has all this time been playing Titania's part of lavishing admiration upon a very contemptible object. In its simplicity it has regarded the Act as a means of securing a title in capable of being questioned except on the ground of fraud and on the score of certain specified omissions, but in point of fact it has been living in a fool's para dise. The law, which it never deemed absolutely perfect in its language, is eo inartistic as to be difficult of con struction, and so faulty as absolutely to do the exact reverse of what it professes to do. Mr. Russell took upon himself to correct the popular error upon this point, and was good enough to place the register high among the foolish and ignorant supportera of a fallacious creed. He does not Bay in express words that the Supreme Court has been able to rise superior to the mistaken theories that have- found Bueh -general -support in uninstructed circles, but he implies that this is the case. At all events, he shows that in his opinion the judgments of that tribunal have been all in accordance with the principle that fraud vitiates the cer tificates', and this in spite of the fact that some of the decisions have been in direct contradiction of others. We confess that we find it -difficult to follow the Master's argument designed to prove that inde feasibility means defeasibility. Admitting that no amount of precaution on the ?part-of ? ins -LandB - Titles Office can prevent the occurrence of an occasional case of fraud, .. this fraud cannot in itself be effectual to defeat the original certificate. The fraudulently obtained certificate in the hands of the person obtaining it is, when brought to the teat, powerless to .prejudice the interest of the holder of the first certificate. It is a mere quibble to accuse the Act of making titles defeasible^ because it has to provide for the case of fraudulently obtained documents. What have to be looked at aretheBpirit and; policy of the law. Its aim and object are to make titles granted under its clauses indefeasible, and to argue that it fails to do that because it has to make provision in the case of exceptional abuse of the facilities it affords for the obtaining of titles is to ignore its leading, principle, and to judge it by the Btandaid of narrow verbal criticism and paltry technicalities. It is to be hoped that the Attorney-General will not be embarrassed in his contemplated amendments of the Real Property Act by the discussion at Wednesday's meeting of the Articled Clerks' Association or by the decision then arrived at. Cheating a Nuisance.— The necessity for police interference with the keepeia of houses of ill-fame is becoming more and more apparent. The system of petty prosecutions seems to have very little effect, and the attention of the Su preme Court was on Wednesday oc cupied by the case against a middle aged woman and two girlB under twenty who had been keeping a brothel at Glanville. For five years past the people of the neighbourhood have been subjected to the annoyance of bad characters congregating about their doorB, using , filthy language, and sometimes making their way into decent houses by mistake. Property has de teriorated in valuej and houses ia the neighbourhood' could not bel let so long as the nuisance, continued* We do not exactly agree with the yiew put forward by the Crown Solicitor when he said that it was rather an undignified position for tho Supreme Court to be investigating a case of ;this sort. A nuisance like the brothel kept by these -women at Glanville is a much* more serious matter than a dispute involving thousands of pounds. If two men of means go to law about a matter of a few hundred pounds the attention of the Supreme Court may be taken up by them for almost any length of time. \Vhen the sense of decency of a whole neighbour hoodisshockedbyscenesenactedintheopen- street, when property toa large value is per manently depreciated, when the morality of the youth living in the vicinity is corrupted by familiarity with the- jnost disgusting sceoes and language, it i3 surely not too much to ask tint an hour or two thouldbe devoted to the matter in any Court that may have the power to deal with it effectively. At the eanje time there is forco in the contention of the Chief Justice that the lower Courts should bo empowered U-j deal with the suppression of low houses and the punishment of those who create a nuisance by keeping them. Such au ex pression of opinion from the highest legal authority in the colony should of itself show that some revision of the law on th& subject is urgently demanded. The present method of dealing -with the evil by the infliction of fines and short sentences is extremely unsatisfactory. _ In , the majority of cases auch prosecutions only serve to teach the offenders by experience how they can most safely sail as close to the -ffind as possible. The incarceration of the -woman Kennedy for two j'eara -will probably have the effect of destroying her nefarious business and rehabilitating the character of the neighbourhood. As to the two younger offenders, it is to 'be- re gretted that in previous years there existed no means ? of re moving them and forcing them to work for their living in some decent place. This prosecution should only bet the beginning of operations against the; low houses which infest the city and suburbs, and whatever additional powers, consis tent -with safety and prudenoe, are| re quired by the police and the citizens* should be entrusted to them by the Legislature. ? - - — Executive Council.— His Excellency the Governor held an Executive Council on Wed nesday morning, at whictt four Ministers were present. The No- Confidence Debate.*— Both par ties in the House fired away at each other briskly on Wednesday, The Premier re sumed the campaign by a sharp reply to the attack of his vh-d-vis, the Hon. J. Colton, who, he said, -was inconsistent, weak, ' a Great I,' a gentleman who began the session ? blus terously but ended it insignificantly, a leader appointed to suit the Opposition, and a man with -whom they were not in accord, besides several other unpleasant things. As for the Government— well, in brief, they individually -were just the reverse; and what ever they might be they had been honest and had done their level best. Anyhow, they could do better than the Opposition, who had not presented any policy, and the Musistry should surely have another chance. If ;they had he was sure they would prov« satis factory; if they hadn't they would do their duty on the other side of the Hou3e, * Mr. Symon, speaking next at length and, with, eloquence, characterized the Treasurer's speech as an appeal to the House to show undeserved mercy to the Ministry, who — he proved by numerous illustrations — had earned the character which the leader of the Opposition gave them on the previous^ day. They unquestionably must give place to better men. Some of the new members who followed Mr. Symon agreed with this, and others took the opposite view and promised to vote accordingly. The debate was adjourned until to-day, -when (without a late BittiDg probably) it will be finished The Attorney-General will Bpeak firBt, addressing himself chiefly to a reply to Mr. Symon. The result ia eo extremely doubtful that all the speaking will probably be earnest and vigorous. Membera are being untiringly whipped up meanwhile ; and the Opposition claim now to have ascertained that if there is a really representative division they will have a majority of two votes at the least. Pakliament at Work.— The Lsglslative Council did very little on Wednesday, and did it in a short time. The Governor was formally waited upon and presented with the Address in reply, which he formally received,, and this result was subsequently formally announced, as is the custom, to the House. Then an important motion by the Hon. R, Ar Tarlton, suggesting the wisdom of encourag ing the planting of olives, white mulberries, and other foreign products throughout the colony, and calling for definite iatormition, was carried ; and afterwards the House adjourned till Tuesday next. The Assembly sat till a quarter-past 5 o'clock, and princi pally devoted themselves to tho further consideration of the Address in reply, the discussion upon which will be continued and concluded to-day. Payment of Members.— Mr. Kingston in tends to move in the Assembly in a few- days for leave to introduce a Bill providing for the payment of members of Parliament. City Improvements.— Another important addition, from the designs of Mr. Johi Haslam, Selborne ChamberB, is to be added to the street architecture of the city, for the London Loan and Discount Bank, ia Pirie street. A new front, in the Queen Anno style, will replace the present one, with central entrance, pedimented door, and-6mall windows at each side. The central window over thiB door is carried up into the pedi ment of cornioes, vrhich is surmounted by balustrading, the -windows and portions of the front being tastefully enriched. The entrance screen is., formed in cedar, with, panelled pilasters', ranched cap3, and. moulded cornice. The fittiuc-s are to be in. cedar and Huon pine. The banking and Manager's room are considerably 'ealarged,. and decorated in oils upon tha flat Borfaces. The contract has been let to Mr. John. Varley, of Halifax- street. w. - The Government Steamer at Pal merston.— The Hon. J. L. Parsons, Govern ment Resident in the Northern Territory,, telegraphed on Wednesday to tha Minister ? of Education, stating that the steamer Palmerston, with a survey party on: board, had arrived at Palmereton with all on board well. Captain Carringfcon, the com mander, reported that the McArthur River is unnavigable except for small craft, and' seventy miles of the coastline had. been searched by him for a navigable river with no better result. It will be remembered that the Palmerston left some monthB ago with the purpose of pro ceeding to the McArfchur River to survey a ? township there if the river should be proved . to be navigable. Mr. Favene, who explored the country inland from that point— that is. BOnth-west of theGulf of Carpentaria— recom- mended this course, and the failure to find a ? navigable entrance for chipping in that neigh bourhood is a rather unpleasant piece of news, though exactly the measure of its im portance cannot be estimated in the absence of further particulars. ? — Volunteer Enrolment.— The Comman dant attended at the Staff Office on Wednes day evening and enrolled 31 recruits for the Adelaide Rifles— For B Company 1, C Com pany 8, D Company 3, E Company (-, F Com pany 6, and L Company 7 ; ro-enrolled 3 for the Adelaide Rifles, and enrolled 6 recruits for B Battery. . ' Free Food Distribution.— The distressed ; poor were fed again on Wednesday at the soup kitchen, the number of applicants, being the same as on the previous day. One tir two undeserving and not especially n-'ely people were refused, but all the rest were relieved. The Begisttr Furd has now been raised to £227 14s. 2£d. by the following additional' subscriptions :— Officers and men Po3t and Telegraph Department, per Mr. Squire3, £20 0s. 8d. ; 'R.!.C.,' Jamestown, 10i. ; 'Bare- Ribs,' further shilling subscriptions, £1, The: Gabohke. — This steamer, from .London, passed Cape Borda at 1.35 on Wedr arsday afternoon, and arrived at the Sema phore at midnight. Heavy -weather was ex perienced on boarding her, butthe^Adela'de mails were Unded, and, a special train bein? in waiting, they were dispatched to the ci^y at abont 1.30 this morning. METEOROLOGICAL. A volume of 300 pages foolscap 8vo. has just been issued from the Government Printing Office showing the meteorological observations made at the Adelaide Observatory and various stations throughout the colony, including the Northern Territory, during the year 1881, under the direction of Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G. The work contains a very large amount of information relative to the recorded temperature, rain fall, evaporation, the force and direction of the wind, amount of cloud, and other kindred phenomena, for every day in the year. The rainfall is registered daily at 170 stations, extending from Palmeraton, N.T., to the Southern Ocean, and from Fowler's Bay in the west to the eastern boundary of the colony. The work contains numerous maps, charts, and meteorological curves for each month of the year, with several ap pendices, in which the observations given in detail in the body of the work are presented in abstract forms. The second appendix contains the results of a series of observations of eclipses, occultations, and transits of Jupiter's satellites and of the transit of Mercury, November 8, 1881 Inferring to the physical appearance of Jupiter Mr. Todd records the following interesting observations :— January 24\. Dining the Oc. D- (disappearance behind the disc of Jupiter) of the second sat2llite the -whole of the satellite could be distinctly seen through the limb of the planet up to the time of disappearance. The occultation occurred at about the middle of the new dark band in the north hemisphere— a band which has ap parently grown out of the remarkable crack or streak in the white cloud- belt, noted for ihe first time on Oct jber 29, 1880. The bro ,vn equatorial belt has a quantity of scattered clouds lying over it, but in places ;t has a much darker tint than others. November 1. The equatorial brown belt is much covered with Btreaka of cloud. The whole of the south temperate and polar zones eeem to be of ooe uniform appearance. The north white cload belt is narrow, aad ha3 a dark band, similar in colour to the equatorial brown belt lyio* to the north, and is about the same width aB the adjoining white-cloud belt; and the r -mainder of the north temperate zone hai an uniform appearance, but the pole itself is of a brown colour.' These observations were made with the 8-inch equatorial refracting telescope. Talubga. Motictpalitv.— On Wednesday iromingtheHon. R. D. Ross waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and presented two petitions objecting to the proposed severance of Mount Pleasant Ward from the District of Talunga and its annexation to the District of South Rhine. CammrAL Sittings. — At the Criminal Sit tings of the Supreme Court on Wednesday, presided over by HU Honor the Chief Jus tice, Henry William?, a coloured man, pleaded guilty to horsestei'ing and larceny, and was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, Henry Johnson, a boy, for stealing from a dwelling was sent to the Adelaide Gaol for twelve months. Arthur Richard Miller and Arthur George Short, also boys, plea-led guilty to burglary. The former was ordered to the Adelaide Gaol for three weeks, and to reseive one whipping of ten strokes, while Short was consigned to the sama institution for three years. William Love, convicted on his own confession of forgery, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisoameat. Three ?worxen— Ann Kennedy, Ellen Kennedy, and Hannah Mazey — were convicted of causing acomuon nuisance by keeping a disorderly house at Glanville. The elder prisoner— Ann Kennedy— was sent to gaol for two years, the two others each receiving a sentence of twe'.va months' imprisonment. Edward Stoies was found not guilty of the larceny of 20s. from his master. A further charge atarnst axueed will be proceeded with this morning. Licensed Victuallees' Association.— A meeting of the committee of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Wednesday, June 11\. Mr. E. Markey (President) occupied the chair, and there was a small attendance of members. Fifteen new members were ad mitted, and the resignation of Mr. J. P. Lee as member and committeeman was accepted. The President stated that complaints had leen made that Sunday trading was carried on on the steamers lying at the Port Adelaide jvharfs, and that on representations being made to the police they had promised to take decisive steps to put a stop to the tefficTThis trade had operated injuriously to the licensed victuallers of Port Adelaide, as the intercolonial steamers had really been large floating hotels on Sundays ; but the matter was now rectified. A short discus sion took place as to the hardship under -which many respectable licensed victuallers laboured owing to the refusal of the Mayor to exercise the power conferred on him by the Places of Public Amusement Act to license concert halls in connection with hotels. It ivas n 8 lived that a deputation should wait . on the City Council, and urge that the Mayor should use his discretionary power aud not absolutely refuse to grant any licence of this kind. The Pboposed New General Cehetebt. ?—Our Salisbury correspondent writes as follows : — 'It seems as if the pre3enfc Government 13 as vacillating in ad ministration as in policy, at any rate as regards the proposed new General Cemetery. It is now rumoured that the site selected and purchased near here, and upon AvMch 'surveyors were employed for a con siderable time in laying out and pegging off theplotej and for fencing which a tender was recently accepted, is to be abandoned, aid that an offer of land purchased by some speculators during last year's mania at a ttiff figure, and to reach which a large outlay will be required, has been made, and is under consideration. It seems a pity that bo favourable a season for planting should thus be lost, especially when labourers are want ing bread ; and as a large portion of the land Trill not be required ^for twenty years it might be UBed as a labour test in forming a plantation of wattles, q# in practically testing the effects of irrigation upon our plains.' ? National Bcildisg Society.— The annual meetiag of this Society was held at the office, Victoria-square, on Wednesday evening, in the piesence of a large number of the share holders, Mr. W. Holland presiding. The Balance-sheet, which was adopted, showed the receipts to have been £16,256 9s, Sd., and the liabilities were stated as £90,007 17s. 10d., with a balance in favour of the assets of £4,513 ISs. lid. The iolloadng report was adopted ou the motion of Messrs. Holland and Alcock:— lc The Board regret that during the past year the general depression in trade throughout the colony has had a marked influence on the transactions of the Society, in restricting it3 operations within narrow limits. In spite, however, of these adverse circum stances the Society has fairly ^maintained its position, and could have largely increased its borrowing business had the Directors been enabled to command the necessary funds. The Board declare a dividend of Is. in the pound for the past sis months, making, with the interim dividend declared last December, 2s. in the pound for the year. Seven properties in Goodwood Park have been re deemed during the past year, and the weekly jayments have been well maintained. Twenty-one new cottages have been built at Southwark during the last year, and all of them are sold. The weekly contributions are well kept up. A new branch has been ?opened at Hawker, with very favourable .results.' The retiring Directors (Mes3rs. J. '.Anlerson, M. Walsh, aud W. W. Winwood) ?W^re re-elected without opposition ; and of . jcur gentlemen proposed, Messrs. Bee and Malcy were appointed Auditors for the ea snfng year. ? Cab Accident at Poet Adelaide.— An accident accompanied with a narrow escape irom loss of life occurred at Port Adelaide on Wednesday. At 1.25 p.m., when the train leaving the Semaphore at L15 was opposite Mr. Murray's shop, St. Vincenfc-streefc, the driver of a wagonette with a pair of horse3 running in the siffie direction as the train \- tried to cross the rails from the Town Hall -'?? side in order to avoid a pitch of new meSuL Fiom Eomfi cansfi. Tvrnhablv the boisterous weather, he did not hear the approach of the train, and making a sudden turn to the right for the object mentioned the engine was down upon him before he could get clear. Mr. C. H. Matters, of Adelaide, a passen ger in the vehicle, fortunately saw the danger in time and sprang from the door to the ground just before the collision. The driver, named James Giles, said to be new to the Port, was also fortunate in escap ing without injury, as also did the horses; but the cab was completely smashed, one of the wheels being carried by the engine fully a hundred yards. The cabman alleges that the bell on the engine wa3 not rung as usual, neither did he hear the whistle sounded! Witnesses say there was no time or reason for any special warning by the engine-driver, as prior to making it3 sudden turn the vehicle was in a safe position ; also, that the bell was rung as usual. The cab belonged to Mr. M. Hackendorf. Chobal Evensong.— Wednesday bsin^ the anniversary of St. Barnabas' Day a charal service was held in the evening at St. Peter's Cathedral. Bishop Kennion preached to a small congregation, and the prayers were conducted by Dr. Dendy. There was a full choir, and the anthem, 'The Radiant Morn,' composed by Rev. Canon Woodward, of Worcester Cathedral, was well given. The 'Magni- ficat' and 'Nunc Dimittis' (Gounod in D) were excellently sun.e. Afterwards three lay- readers were inducted by the Bishop. Dr. Kennion took as his text Acts xi. 24— 'For he was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, and much people was added unto the Lord.' His Lordship, after referring to the recollections which St. Bar nabas' Day brought, said that it was a great mistake to consider that the work of the Church was to be done by the clergy or by the laity alone. There wa3 much for each to do. No one was considered a member of the early Church unless he had worked hard in the cause of Christ. He then eloquently re ferred to the self denial, sympathy, and energy of Barnabas, and to the need of similar qualities in every true Christian worker. He exhorted them to forget self in their work for Christ and not to lessen their efforts because their labours might not bear comparison with those of others. Found Dead.— At about 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning a lad named Mundy, whilst riding in a paddock near Houghton, suddenly came across the body of a man lying on the ground. Ths boy at once rode away for assistance, and ii was found that the remains were those of an old man named Cox. To all appearances the deceassd had been out looking for a horse, as he had a halter with him, and a peraon had been noticed following some horse3 about an hour before. Cox was a very old resident of the place. The body was lying in the rain for nearly four hours. No marts whatever were found upon it, and it is supposed that the man died of heart disease. An inquest will be held. Wasts of Wilmington.— A meeting to take into consideration what could be done to improve some of the roads in ths Wil mington district was held in the Institute Hall on Tuesday afternoon, lOfch insc. There was a fair attendance. Mr. P. McMartin, jnn., presided. Mr. G. Marshall, J.P., referred to the im passable state of the principal str?ets. After several speakers had' received a hearing Mr. W. H. Taylor moved— 'That owing to the late floods several of the roads leading into Wilmington are rendered impas sable, and this being detrimental to the interests of the town and a source of great inconvenience to many farmer-3 and the public generally, and seeing that nothing has yet been done, notwithstanding the amount of money the Government have received from those who are suffering from the bad Btate of the roads, a memorial be prepared and pre sented to the Government asking them to take the necessary steps to improve the following roads, viz. :— The road leading to the cemetery from the township, the road leading from Wilmington to Amyton, and the road running northward from Wilmington to the western boundary of the Hundred of Willochra, part of which is quite impassable.' Mr. M. Kennedy seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Brett moved — 'That a deputation, consisting of Messrs. G. Marshall, J.P., A. Bristow, J.P., and Sir Samuel Davenport (with his consent), «ith the members of the district, present the memorial to the Commissioner.' Mr. Wheadon seconded. Carried. Thinks -to the Chairman brought the meeting to a close. The Stealing Case at Appila.— Some surprise was caused by the telegraphic announcement in Wednesday's Register that a boy, aged 16, named William Hand, had been sentenced to three days' imprisonment and two whippings of twenty-five lashes each for stealing from a till. An impression was conveyed by this that the lad was to be flagellated in the ordinary way, and we have received a letter full of indignant protest against so severe a punishment for so slight an offence. As a matter of fact, however, the sentence had no reference to what is com monly understood by ' fbgaings of twenty five lashes each,' and the boy Hand was merely whipped by his friends in the presence of the police. Under these circum stances there is no occasion to publish the letter forwarded by ' Humanity.' Eight-eoues Celebration.— A largely attended meeting of delegates from the various trades and labour organizations was held at the Bristol Tavern on Wednesday evening, June 11, to form the annual Cale ration Committees. Mr. A. A. Kirk patrick presided. The following officers were elected :— Chairman, Mr. Kirkpatrick; Treasurer, Mr. H. J. Pudney; Secretary, Mr. H. Jenkin ; and Assistant Secretary, Mr. Hannah : besides various committees. The Recent Revolver Accident.— We ?vere informed on Wednesday afternoon that the action pending against Mr. S. G. Kingston in connection with the recent evol ver accident case had been abandoned. On enquiry, however, this information was declared to be utterly without foundation. Mr. Patrick Gurin, the cab proprietor who was wounded by the discharge of the weapon, is making fair progress towards recovery. Roads in Tickera.— The Wallaroo paper fays:— 'A meeting of selectors in the Hun dred of Tickera was held at Mr. Henry Brace's residence on Wednesday, June 6, to consider the best steps to be taken for getting the road running past Mr. Brace's to the main road to Wallaroo and Kadina re paired. Mr. Joseph Gurr, J.P., occupied the chair, and it was resolved that a memorial be drawn up and signed for presentation to the Commissioner of Public Works, directing attention to the matter, and asking that the road be put in a proper state of repair. We learn also' that a memorial has been signed, and will be presented to the Com missioner this week asking that the road running from the Township of Alford be cleared. This road is now much needed, but is quite impassable.' Dams in Tickera.— A memorial (says the Wallaroo Times) will be presented to the Conservator of Water this week asking for a reservoir to be sunk in the centre of the Hundred of Tickera. There are a good many farmers settled there now, and although they have in most cases made some provision for -water conservation, it is not such as would tide them over a dry season. There is little doubt the petition will be granted, and per haps some of the unemployed may be thus provided with work. Japanese Curios.— A fine collection of Japanese curios, which has been received from Japan per the Catterthun, is now on view at the auction mart of Messrs. M. Salom & Co. The consignment contains what are pronounced to be very rare and antique specimens of Japaneseware, snch as are seldom imported into the colony. The designs of tie old bronze articles in most cases are fantastic/and some of the figures are ugly enough to satisfy the most enthu siastic curio hunter. The new bronzes con sist cf vases richly ornamented and inlaid with gold and silver. Some handsome speci mens of Kaga ware, Cloissonie ware, Tokoi ware, Arita ware, and Satsuma ware, the last mentioned being most largely represented, are in the collection. The articles are vases of different sizes and shapes, and of a highly ornamental character. ERRATUM.—In our notice of the new build- ing about to be erected for Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, the contractor's name was erroneously given as Messrs. Thomas & Co. It should have been Messrs. Thomson and Co. 