Sporting Mems. Dubbo entries closed Tuesday, 16th. Louis d'Or won the Doncaster Cup on the 12th, Donald Dinnie, the reBtler is in Bathurst. L. Clarke was first man in the Ballarat pigeon match. Bob Howie's horses won the two princi- pal events at the Ballarat races. Copeland the cyclist, who trundled his hoops to'Helbonrne is on his way back. Wollongong is very sick to know whether Kr. Beach will tackle Tom Clifford properly. The next Junee Baces are fixed for January 2B. £230 is set aside for prizes. Fleetwing was first in the Opening Hand- icap in Mudgee. Little Dick won the Railway. Hanlan is about to settle down in Sydney I Publican of course. That's the paradise of sporting men. Training going on systematically in Band wick, bat few tonto. The trainers haring it all to them ?elves. Lord Roseberry has purchased the race- horse Foxhall, which J. E. Keene formerly owned, paying «?,800. , The limit for Champion money has been fixed at £2C0. This does not affect the Hanlan-Beach ar .rangements. For the Maitland races, a correspondent says Mr. Nicholson offers a cnp which is the prêt j tiest human skill can devise. ! Tristan, the English racehorse, has won ! tbe Hardwicke stakes three years in succession. : Thu j year the stake was rained at £2676. ' The American lacrosse team's visit tc England hos proved a failure, financially. The Englisl sporting public don't like the game. The Nimrod fishing club, have had the heaviest haul this season they ever had. George Eastwaj hos been the most successful averaging 20 schnapper pei trip: The top weights in the Goulburn races ii Councillor, with 9st., for the Opening Handicap, ant the samo steed, with 9st. 31b., fer the Flyinj Handicap. HanTan has been matched to row Clifforc for £200 aside and the championship. He has also issue* a formal challenge to row Beach for £500 aside and th championship. Bowell says he is confident of his ability to beat Fitzgerald's big score of 610 miles for 6 days. Bu for going amiss in the middle of his lost race he wool' have scored over 620 miles. Moruya threatens to trot out 22 leather slingers against the Englishmen. We have no heard that the Englishmen have thrown np thei passage-money per Orient. The 3-mile scullers' race between Niel Layberger, of Pittsburg, and James Ten Eyck, of Pecio kill, N.Y., on the Charles River, Boston, Sloss,, Jane 21 was won by Laybexger by half a length. The Sydney Bowing Club held thei annual regatta on Saturday. The winners were : Haide Sculls-Tiley, bow ; Donovan, Stroke. Senior Sculls i wager boats : Simpson, Dobson, Middleton, 1,2, and 3. W. G. George's performance at Astor Eng., recently stamps him os the second fastest ronner i the world. He ran a mile in 4min. 18 215 Bees-12 5ee< faster than his own previous beet amateur record in tl world. Highest weights for Liverpool on Satui day, 20th-Hurdle, Merlin list. 41b., Alpha lOst eight entries. ' Flying Handicap, Here's Luck, wii 9st., and 15 others. Liverpool Handicap, Paul 8s 121b. . The English cricketers who are to vis: Australia are Shaw, Shrewsbury, Barnes, Flower Sootton, A tte well, Briggs, Manrice Bead, Ulyet Bates, Peel, Hunter, and Lillywhite. They sail t the Orient on the 19th September. 2000 people turned out to see the fin days footracing for the Sir Joseph Bank's Handicap. M Smith adds £900 to the entry money. The rnnnii is to be continued on Wednesday. There are 90 accei Slices oat of 160 entries, and there is the greatest must of peds. ever seen in Australia. For Murrumbidgee, Wagga Gold Cu] Sweet William 9st., Hastings 8st. 121b., Bapid 8s 81b. ; Grand Stand Handicap, Hastings Sst. Sit Battalions 9st. ; Hurdle, Star list. 71b., Merlin Hf 41b. ; Steeplechase, Marquis of Waterford Hst. 911 Governor list. 31b. It is now authoritatively stated, th Courtney, the American sculler, has been ont of his mi: for nearly two years past. He did not show np in his lr match with Boss, and the Press of America universa: condemned him. Now, Courtney maintains that easily defeated Boss, and is prepared to make a mat with Hanlon, or anyone else. The spirited proprietor of that left lui of the city-no less a man than Hr. Smith, has a 1 thing on not far from where Captain Cook saw more tb the Manly show ever offered in the matter of nati flowers, when he called it Botany Bay. He has a £i prize open for gentlemen with swift legs. What he I open for himself does him infinite credit ss a caterer i legitimate popular amusement. American Plunger Walton's Bichmond one of the highest types of the modern racer, as he joi to a bloodlike outline the most heroic mould of bone a muscle, and his importation will be of lasting benefit the blood of the country. Last year in England he w three ont of eight races, the Anglesey plate, at Fe Oaks ; the Stanley stakes at Epsom, and the Hardwick, Stockton, beating St. Medard and othe-s. He was a go fourth in the City and Suburban the past spring, bnt « unplaced in the Derby. Vanderbilt is afraid to put Maud against Jay-Eye-See. He is well aware that Jt Eye-See can beat Mand S. Since Maud S. has bc the property of Vanderbilt she hos trotted at leas dozen times against the best horses, and on the bi tracks in the country, in each instance for mom I and her earnings have been considerable for 1 I owner and manager. In addition it may be stai that on July 4, 1881, Maud S., then owned Vanderbilt, trotted for gato money over tho Detr Driving Club's course. Following is our reply to a sporti question : At the time Bob Brettle challenged Tom Sa; to fight, be stood 5ft. "lin. in height, and weighed 1441 and hod the credit of baiting Jem Mace, in 2 rounds li ing 3min.. for £300 a side, Sept. 21,1858; as well as hat fought Malpas, Jack Jones, of Portsmouth, and' 1 Boger Coyne, Sam Simmonds, Job' Cobley and ] Travers. Sayers and Brettle fought for (£600), Sayers Tracker laying the odds £100 to £200 ; an outside bet.wns also made of £200 to £20 that Sayers would not win in 10 min. Sayers won in 7 rounds, lasting 15 min. Brettle dislocated his shoulder. Brettle hod not a ghost of a chance of beating Sayers, who¿outclassed bim. The Australians won their last match against South of Fngland by in an innings with 5 runs to spare: The proposed final match against all England had to be abandoned as it is impossible to for the English to muster a suitable team so late in the year. Taking the whole series of matches played in England the Australians averaged 20 runs, and England 17. They played altogether 32 matches of which 18 were won, 7 were drawn and 7 lost. Thus ends the most brilliant cricketing campaign ever held in the world. It has proved financially a success to the promoters and has afforded healthy amusement t« millions of people. It shows Australia to hold the palm in cricket os weU as in aquatics, and when we remember that they have met the best man in the world-picked a population 15 to 1 of ours, we ought to hear no moxs about the old fad about physical deterioration of the race in consequence of living in a warmer climate. Welcome home, boys. The Canterbury Park Spring Meeting wai held on Saturday, and will be remembered chiefly by the terrible fall by which young Hanley, one of the most promising jockeys in the colony, lost his life. In the first race Pirate fell at a certain point on the coarse, bat tba jockey was not seriously injured. It appeared to be no- body's duty to examine the spot, and when the great event, of the day, the Railway Handicap came on, the same spot was the scene of the miserable death we have referred to. Hanley had won the first race on Fernlea. He was riding; Albert Victor, and when the horse feU he brought down Sarabando with him, whose jockey was not mach hart, but Hsnley's brains were dashed out. There was no more racing afterwards, and the committee are arranging to hand over to the poor boy's mother the money that would have been competed for. A subscription bias also been started in TattersaU's with the same view. The following are the results of the racing :-The Spring Stakes : Fernlea, with Ellington second. The Selling Boee : Des- - mond. The September Handicap: Espiègle. The Bail, way Handicap : Phyllis with 7st. ran the seven furlongs in lmin. 321sec. Thus a New York Paper;-The fistic fizzle at the Madison Square Garden on the night of . Jone 30, was a disgrace to. pugilism and the roan whose drunken debauch brought it about. It waa on a par with the Boss-Courtney fiasco at Oak Point on May 30, and hereafter Sullivan and Courtney must be rated at the same caliber. Court- ney did not row because ho was a coward ; Sullivan did not 8par: because he thought so little of keeping 'faith with a public that has loaded him down with, favours that he permitted all the worst elements of a coarse nature to get the better of him, and ap- peared upon the platform a fuddled, helpless and be- sotted drunkard. A 1 reputable oarsman have boy- cotted Courtney. The same treatment should , be applied to Sullivan. He deserves no sympathy and has forfeited all right to respect. And the worst of it is that, through his disgraceful action, he has given a sot back to boxing exhibitions which cannot fail to be injurious. >. 