Buddhism and Christianity At the last large meeting held in Fob stitute, .7, Adelpbi Terrace, £ondon, a" paper -was read by the Eev. It. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christ ianity". Beferring to the parallels be tween tho persons and characters of Bud dha and Jesus Christ, he said:—Take as a prominent instance, tho birth stories. I need not here give details, which are. to bo found in any modern work on Budd hism. The supposed miraculous contep tion; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; tho Devas acknow ledging his Snpremacy; the presentation in the temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mara—which legends aro embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as " Conceived by the Holy Ghost," '• Born of the "Virgin Maya. Song of tho heavenly Host." Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wil derness "—none of these is found in the early Pali texts. The Bimple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffer ing, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god; bnt the man Guatama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being convinced in the world of men, when a preternatural light t>hone over the world, the bliud recoived sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such em bellishments, are certainly added by later hands; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, ■when we reflect how great must have been the influence of tho Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and perhaps, long subse quently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story, of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat-Oita, a thcosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is some' thing unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicat ing as plainly their origin as do the stories ' hip life in the Maha-Bharata; eo that it I has uot unreasonably been concluded that I the story of Krishna was inserted in 'the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sane- j tion to the Bhagavat-Gita. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, f the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christ ian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw tho light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in tho later Buddhist stories al so? A disscussion ensued, in which Mr. Hormuzed Bassam, Professor Leitner, Mr. Coles an earnest student of the ques tion during 25 years' residence in Ceylon Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part; all agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr. Tjeitner brought a large number of photo graphs of early Indian and Tartar sculp tures, showing tho first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth cen turies, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. j Collins' statements. — \- Communicated by \ (Japt. I'etne. 