(Stijpal ®ale. — — AT THE THRESHOLD. — IN FIVE CHAPTERS. By Atiia. Chapter I. yfwR\\. Y NAME is Bertha Adams. I am an j orphan. Last birthday I was thirty- three years of age. By profession I am a gover- VfgVj, ness, but at present I hold the responsible and enviable position of companion to the Hon. Mrs. Hamlyn Vipont, relic of Colonel ' Vipont, 6th Dragoon Guards, killed in the late Afghan war. Standing here before the mirror I see a reflection of myself — plain, small, and unattractive. That is the reason, I suppose, why the Hon. Mrs. Vipont selected me us her dame-de-eompagme during her tour through the Australian colonies with her son, who was suffering, as 1 came to understand, from some shock — some mysterious sorrow — that was wearing him away, and which his mother seemed to fear would gradually drive him to his grave. I had been a year with mother and son at the time this story opens. We had lingered out the autumn in Italy, but the latter appeared to grow worse, and Mrs. Vipont was advised to try a sea trip to New South Wales. 'I he mother, although kind and open-hearted as a rule, was narrow-minded, proud, and, on occasions, cruelly selfish. It was plain to me that she was cruelly jealous of the influence of other women over the son she idolized. I had heard from time to time vague rumours of trouble that had come iu connection with the lion, lady's lost companion. If this was true, I had no reason to imagine that my company would he dangerous to him. It never appeared to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled himself about one woman especially ; though ho seemed partial to the society oi ladies, and admired their beauty, he was the same to all. He was a stiange, wayward, incomprehensible young man to me, was Edgar Vipont. 80 polite, so clever, and handsome, in spite of his illness, yet in other ways an uncivilized. I was alwavR reminded in inv inter- course with him of the old proverb, " Scratch a Russian and you'll find him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him enquiring with the greatest solicitude if the cup of coffee — in which he was secretly administer ing to you a dose of deadly poison — were sweet for your taste, and taking infinite pains to make it so if it were not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantly by in the City of Sydney. Mrs. Vipont rented a charming residence at Rose Bay, on the heights overlooking the magnificent harbour, and the place was made gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole days with us, but there were times when he would become morose, shut himself in his room, and refuse to see anyone for a week together. Once, as I was passing the door of his private sitting- room during one of his melancholy depressions, I noticed with surprise the door standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, for it was usually kept closed and locked. Woman-like 1 paused to glance over the luxuriant furniture, when my gaze fell on a full-length portrait that hung at the further ex tremity of it. It was a picture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale, oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunting, melancholy, brown eyes I ever be held. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to such a degree that I was held spellbound to the spot. They fixed themselves on mine with an expression of agonized appeal, as intense «nd real as if they had been living eyes, out of which the soul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeded from the inner room, broke the spell, and I fled to my room like a guilty thief taken in the act. This incident happened just one month after our arrival in the colonies, but, as the weeks and months went by, it faded from my mind altogether. One wet, chilly day in August, Mrs. Vipont and I were alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's delightful stories to her while she re clined 011 a couch near the window, looking out at the mountainous waves rolling inward at the heads. While I read the door opened, and Edgar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on his pale face, which was most distressing to behold. " Good morning, mother," he Baid, in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table beside her sofa. " Good morning, Miss Adams," and he bowed to me with his usual ceremonious politeness. " I have brought you these flowers. Bee, the camellias are finer than I ever remember to have seen them in Europe, and the violets " " Ah, delightful I" cried the aristocratic dame, kiss ing her son, and inhaling the perfume of the rich purple flowers. " What taste you have, Edgar ; no one could have arranged tins bouquet as you have. How are you this morning, my son ?" she added, with anxious look at his anxious face. Edgar Vipont laid his hand on his bosom. " I feel wearied, mother, but I have nothing new to complain of. Want of sleep, want of rest is my great aliment ; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt — no, nor your own famous Italian medico Besaluio, seem able to help me there." And he raised his slender wasted hand to his head. The hon. lady looked at him with all the mother in her gaze. " Tell me, is your rest disturbed as ever,', she asked, anxiously. " Yes," he replied ; either I do not sleep at all at night, or, to speak more correctly, become acutely pain fully wakeful when evening falls, and other more fortu nate mortals are sunk in quiet slumber ; or my sleep is filled with dreams, which, though I cannot recall them when I wake, are, I feel sensible, so full of suffering, and a nameless horror to me, that they wear me far more than wakefulness would do," and he paused and sighed deeply. Then, suddenly raising himself, he said, in a most eager tone, " By-the-way, mere , guess who is in Sydney." " Who is it, Edgar. Any of our English friends ?" " Aye ! some one I met at tehBartons last ' night. Come, guess." " 1 cannot. Pray tell me,'' replied Mrs. Vipont. " He remembers you years ago, mother, before you were married — when you were Helen Fortescue, and the belle of the London season," cried Edgar, warmly. " I told him you were still beautiful, in spite of your forty- five years, and asked him to come to us to-night in a friendly way. You do not receive to night, Ma mere ?" " No, not to night, my child. Only the sisters Clara and Ada Pollett are likely to call. But who is this old friend ?" " None other than the eminent physiologist. Professor Hugh Drayton, the illustrious savant, of whom all the world is talking." I noticed the Hon. Mrs. Vipont's slender lingers tighten on the back of the sofa as her son uttered the name. " Yes — yes ! I remember him," she cried. " A wonderful man ; but he uas the reputation of being a magician — a what do you call it in these days, Edgar ? And now " " Now he lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of Nature, mother, I believe," he answered. " Last night we talked together a great deal on occult matters, and he told me some marvellous ex periences he has been through while travelling in New Zealand and other places, stranger, indeed, and more marvellous than those of Home and his school, though the Professor himself disclaims any intercourse with, or belief in any supermundane powers, you know." " No doubt ; the Professor is a strange being. Would you credit the fact that this same Hugh Dray ton foretold to me in ray youth much that has since come to pass ? Could the hidden powers, as you call them, enable him to do that ?'' "1 do not know, mother," he replied, rising, and looking intently at her, for she had become very pale. "What says Miss Adams?" and he turned towards me. The question made me laugh. It was not possible to find a more matter-of-fact person than myself. I felt totally void of imagination, and was never troubled with a reverie or a day-dream in my life. I had 110 belief whatever, either in Mr. Home's spiritual mission, or in Professor Drayton's secret powers — no more than I had in our old English legends of ghosts, Scotch tales of banshees, or Irish fairies. So I shook my head in- credulously. j " I fear that I am one of little faith, Mr. Vipont," I said. " Your old friend, the savant, would find me a very stiff-necked heretic, I fancy, and hard to convert to his views.' " Have you ever studied the subject ?" asked Edgar Vipont. " No," I admitted. " I should not think of study ing it seriously, any more than I should attempt to practice astrology, or magic." " Our race are famed for being the most practical people on the face of the globe. .... Perhaps you would not be so incredulous, Miss Adams, if you bad seen what I have amongBt a sect you designate ' mad spiritualists.' You smile." " Pardon me, sir ; hut only think of all the shameful exposures of those so-called mediums that have taken place, both on the Continent of Europe and in Eng land. Do they not shake your faith ?" " Not so," answered he, with some animation. " In all trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams, but that does not hinder there being a rosiduum of honest men among them, 1 trust. Look at mesmerism ; no one doubts the truth of the phenomenon now, though for a time the crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of Mesmer cast discredit 011 what is now universally admitted to bo one of the most inexplicable of physical phenomena." " True, sir ; but " " Well, \ well," interrupted he, smiling, "Professor Drayton will be here this evening, and nerhaps he will give us a sample of his pov nerves much, , mother, or yo- The Hon. '.Mrs. Vipoo. decided reply r By-and-by gether in low tones, and I saw her face grow troubled, and almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnest ness. Seizing 011 the first pretext for escape I rose and left the room. As 1 was going these words from Mrs. Vipont fell on my ear : — " Can you not forget even now , Edgar 1 She is not dead — she has left you ; she has forgotten you. Come, my son, do not forget that you are a Vipont." And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. Chapter II. As 1 stood before my dressing- table arranging my toilet, previous to going down to Mrs. Vipont's room that evening, my eyes rested on something that lay sparkling on the carpet, behind me, being reflected through the mirror. I turned, and observed between the wainscoting of the room and the wall, a small object, which glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to the light. It was a plain gold locket, set with a single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl of dark hair and a small portrait — the same fascinating face, with the sad, imploring eyes, which had held me spell-bound at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moment a strange feeling of fear came over me, and 1 looked around, half expecting to encounter the original. an idea that made me lauedi lieartilv the moment afterwards/ To whom could the locket belong ? I examined it long and carefully by the gaslight, and then stood in thought before the fire, from which I was suddenly aroused by the ringing of Mrs. Vipont's bell. Hastily slipping the trinket into my pocket, I hurried down to her ladyship. I found my mistress dressed in black velvet, delicate lace and pearls, and that she wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the fire with the two Miss Pollett's, the elder a stout, apathetic lady of thirty ; the other a tall, jolly, and strong-minded person, two years younger, with spectacles on her nose, and a decided tendency towards the masculine in her attire. The Professor had not yet arrived. They were talking about him as I entered. Stella Pollett, the elder, was deriding his secret force theory, and she of the spectacles urging that such nonsense should be taken in hand or put down by the church. In a few moments the door opened, and Professor Drayton entered, and I, for one, was forced to confess that his appearance, at any rate, inspired confidence and respect. He was a fine-looking man of five-and- fifty, with a close-shaven, well-featured face, and a pair of small, neerinf?. hazel eves that seemed to look one thrniifrh and through. We were introduced to him one after another, and he then immediately lull into talk with the Hon. Mrs. Vipont, her son, and Dora Pollett, whilst I and Miss Pollett sat by listening. " Well, but tell us, dear Professor," said Mrs. Vipont, after an animated discussion, " is there any of us who you think would be particularly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you will." The visitor looked around and smiled. " You at least, Mrs. Vipont, are scarcely to be called sensitive to my young friend Edgar, quite the reverse. Miss Pollett," and he bowed to the lady in spectacles, " would prove too much for it ; but stay, this young lady " — and he looked attentively at me — " is, I should say, decidedly a sensitive, as I call it." " I, sir ? Impossible !" cried 1, laughing. " What ! Miss Adams ?" they all exclaimed. " Why, she is an utter unbeliever in everything, practical almost to heresy, added Edgar Vipont. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and still kept his eyes 011 me with a searching gaze, which made mc feel very uncomfortable. " In spite of what you aver to the contrary, 1 feel certain that Miss Adams is very alive to, and easily affected by the power I believe in," he returned. " May I test you ?" he asked, suddenly approaching me. Eor the. life of me, much as I should have preferred it, L could not say no, but gave my consent at once ; and, by the Professor's directions the doors were fastened, the lights lowered, and we sat in a circle, I being exactly opposite him.' Ho placed something — a piece of metal — in my hand, and bade mo look at it, steadily. His eyes exercised an extraordinary influence over me, and 1 obeyed, and for a few minutes a deep silence reigned in the apartment. I started. Had I been sleeping ? What had happened to ; me ? 1 felt as if L had passed through a period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senses in another world — a world which appeared to centre in the presence of one being, and that .being was Professor Drayton. His piercing glance fell into mine with a blazing triumphant expression as he laid his hand on my forehead and said, " See 1" I .shuddered, and looked around. We were no longer in he room. Beside the Professor, almost touching hifo, stood a figure enveloped in white drapery from head to loot, and from whom there emanated an indes cribable odour. \ 1 saw Mrs. Vipont shiver and turn pale. Her son \;cd ghastly, Btella Pollett stood silent, almost 'l'Jlcil, while the youngest sister crouched down beside \jmbling visibly, and holding the elder's hand as if \eetion. I heard the Professor muttering to himself something, of which the words "peculiar" and "strange" only caught my ears. " What do you see, Miss Adams ?" he enquired presently. I struggled to speak, but my vocal powers seemed numbed ; then, in a voice strange and hollow, that it startled those who were listening — " I see a form tall and white, standing beside Hugh Drayton," and I pointed my fingers towards it. " Describe it further," replied the Professor. " I cannot see the face," I answered ; " it is covered by a white drapery." " Tell the being you see to raise the drapery," he commanded. I obeyed, and slowly the figure raised a long white hand, and removed the folds that hid its face from my view. As it did so a nameless terror seized me, and, I fancy, convulsed me, for I remember Mrs. Vipont cry out — " Professor Drayton, she is ill 1 Pray rouse her !" And then I was quiet again ; yet 1 recognised the face at once. It was the original of the portraits I had seen in Edgar Vipont's room. " Describe what you see," commanded the Professor again. " A woman," I murmured, " young, dark, very pale, brown eyes, long black hair, very sad expression !" "Stop her, for mercy's sake!" cried Mrs Vipont, starting forward, for her son had sank back oh the sofa insensible, whilst the sisters' were attempting to open the door in terror. The seance was at an end. In a few moments I was restored to my normal condition. The hostess and her visitors, assisted by some of the servants, who had been summoned, busied themselves in restoring Edgar Vipont to consciousness, and he was carried to his apartments, deeply affected by what had transpired. As our visitors were leaving, Professor Drayton, who had been attending upon the invalid, approached, and said, " Ladies, let me ask you a question. Had any of you a lock of hair or a souvenir of friend or relations of deceased about you this evening ?" They all replied in the negative, and I did the same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay the locket I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. " Well, ladies," said he, " I am really at a loss to account for the strange odour that was visible in this room an hour ago." " We all perceived it," answered the younger Miss Pollett, pushing up her spectacles to look at him. " In deed, Professor, you are a most wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an excellent subject. Do you feel alarmed or fatigued ?" she added, turning to me. " No, only a little dazed ; but I confess 1 am in no small measure shocked," I replied. " I did not ex pect or desire to find myself so alive in secret powers, whatever they may be ;" and I tried to laugh, but shuddered instead, as I caught the Professor's full, round eye fixed on me. "You must have a strong rapport with the spirit, or being, or power you saw this evening, Miss Adams," said lie. " If you should at any time see it again, will you write and tell me all the particulars of your ex perience ?" " See it again !" I muttered in a horrified tone. " Nay, I trust not ; but if I do," I added, hastily, " I will do as you desire." For the spell he had exercised over me was not quite yet dispelled. Our visitors departed, and we were alone — that is, Mrs. Yipont and I. She was silent, embarrassed, Btern almost in her manner, and I attended her at her toilet. It was my duty to read her to sleep, but on this occasion she dismissed me with a curt " good night." As I was about to close the door of her bedroom I chanced to put my hand in my pocket for my handker chief, when my fingers came in contact with the locket. Strange, indeed, I should have forgotten it after the query of the Professor. I re-closed the door and approached the bed. " Madam, I have something to say — a confession to make," I said. Mrs. Vipont looked at me with a smile of languid enquiry. ' What have you to say, Miss Adams ?" " Do you remember, madam, wben Professor Dray ton asked if any of us held anything that had belonged to a deceased friend or relative ?" "Perfectly !" she answered, with interest, and sitting up said, " Well ?" " I had forgotten that I had this in my pocket when he p ut the question, madam," and I put the trinket into her hand. She gave a sudden cry of pain as if the thing had been a deadly snake, and had stung her. " Where did you get this ?" she demanded, fiercely, and clutching me by my wrist tightly — so tightly that the pain made me gasp. " Madam, I picked that locket up in uiy room this evening, just before I came down to you. I put it hastily in my pocket when the bell rang, and the fact of its being there has been recalled to my mind only this moment." She looked at me doubtfully. " Miss Adams ; do you know that my son is very ill ?" she said, after a pause, in which she had turned the unfortunate locket round and round in her trembling hands. " Will you promise me one thing?" " What shall I promise, madam ?" " That you will never mention the existence of this trinket to my sou." " 1 promise." " It would surely kill him!" I heard her murmur in a trembling tone. Then she dismissed me, and I was glad to retire to the quiet of my own room to think over the events of the evening. Chapter III. About this time Mrs. Vipont and her son received an invitation from the Premier of the colony to spend a few weeks at his country seat on the Blue Mountains. As the hot season had set in, and Edgar Vipont became worse, the invitation was accepted, and preparations were made for the journey. It was decided that Dr. M should accompany my mistress and her son, and, thinking that my services were less needed during this visit, I mustered courage to ask for a months conge. Two years previous to my leaving England with Mrs. Vipont, my sister had married, and, with her husband, emigrated to Melbourne. I had received several letters since my arrival in Sydney, urging me to go over to see them ; but knowing that Mrs. Vipont and her son needed my services at the time, I had refrained from asking for a holiday. To my delight my request was granted at once. They were to remain in the mountains two months, and then start for Tasmania, at which place I was to join them, instead of returning to New South Wales. I left for Melbourne that same evening, per steamer, and duly arrived at Bertha Terrace, Albert Park, at the end of three days. My sister Gertrude and her husband received me warmly, and I was soon on ex cellent terms with the children. Gertrude had two girls and a boy, and when I saw her sitting amongst them, cheerful, handsome, and matronly, I decided that, after all, matrimony was the natural state for a woman, and the happiest, whatever attractions adventure and independence might hold out to her. The house occupied by Edward Stirling, my brother- in-law, was what is generally termed in advertisements a semi-detached villa (with garden front and rear), and twenty others to match on either side of the fine square in which it stands. If the outside presented a curious mixture of the various styles of architecture, the inside of my sister's domicile was replete with every comfort and convenience, and quite justified Mi Stirling in saying that " If the villas were not romantic, they were, at any rate, suited to the wants of matter-of-fact colonial people." My room was on the second floor over the smoking- room, a cosy little apartment, with a cheerful French bed, covered with a bright chintz, a marble-topped washstand, duchesse dressing table and muslin curtains, and all the little luxuries of modern times, whilst several pretty chromo-lithographs hung on the walls. " What a dear cheerful looking room, Gertrude," I said, as i entered it. " Yes," she replied, with rather a peculiar intonation of voice, " I am glad you think so, Bertha. It has not been occupied for some time, but I've had it well aired, and the house is as dry as dry can be, above all in this hot weather. Ah, I dare say you will feel the heat, but it is not so hot here as it is in Sydney." I was soon quite happy and comfortable with my sister, and when I retired to bed that night, I slept soundly till morning. I had a strange dream, however, which, after a few hours of waking, came back to me. I thought I was again in the New South Wales capital, in my own room in the mansion overlooking the bay. Professor Drayton stood beside my bed, and near him the tall form I had seen on the night of his visit to Miss Vipont. Oddly enough this was the first time the circumstance of that enemy had come back to me. It left an unpleasant sensation, which I tried in vain to shake off. A long day in Mel ourne, however, tired me out, and made me forget it, and when the night returned, and even when getting into bed, I did not remember it. The last thing I recollected before falling asleep was my gaze resting on a bottle placed on the mantelpiece, on which I saw written in large letters " Poison." " Who could have put that dangerous stuff there ?" I thought, as 1 fell asleep. " Was it not careless to leave a bottle containing a deadly fluid about ?" I would ask my sister to put it under lock and key next day. But when I rose in the morning it was gone. Perhaps the housemaid, who brought me my cup of early tea, had taken it away with her. At any rate, I would mention it to my siste>'. When there were children about one couldn't be too careful. When I mentioned the matter, my sister appeared surprised, and replied that she had no poison in her possession. The servant also denied having anything so dangerous in the house, and was quite indignant at the idea of such a thing. "You must have dreamt it, Bertha," said my sister, laughingly. " You said you only saw the bottle as you were falling asleep." "True," 1 assented, and then remembered when searching on the mantelpiece for a match, that, if the bottle had been there, I must have noticed it. I was put out, and began to feel veiy uncomfortable. Was I going to fall a victim to the disorder of optical delusion or what ? I said no more on the subject, but resolved to watch that night, and see if the mysierious phial would present itself to my eyes auain. I watched that night, and the next, and the following, jthen gave it up, content to bolieve that Gertrude was right, and that I had only dreamed a curious dream. My troubles were not over as I anticipated. On the sixth night I woke suddenly, and then just on the spot I had before seen it, stood the strange bottle. I raised myself to make sure I wbb awake. I heard the rustle of a garment near ray bed, and the sound as of a long- drawn sigh. I fell back with a shudder. What had I seen and heard ? Were they only phantoms of my bewildered brain ? Then I got up and turned the gas high — I always kept a small jet alight at night — and examined the room carefully. A more unromantic, unghostly, commonplace, comfortable chamber could not be im agined. There was no bottle on the mantelpiece, nor an) one there ! Where was the mystery ? I got into bed again, and tried to sleep, but I could not. The words of Professor Drayton came to my mind, and kept on repeating themselves through my excited brain — "This young lady is what, I call a sensitive." I did not mention what 1 had seen and heard, though I was bantered by Gertrude and her husband relative to my pale looks and the mysterious phial. Indeed it was perhaps fortunate that 1 kept my own counsel, in asmuch as I was not troubled by anything further until the eve of my departure from Melbourne. Then some thing happened which stamped itself for ever on my remembrance. We had a small party the evening previous to my leaving my sister's house to rejoin the Viponts in Hobart. That morning I had received a letter from my mistress, and a note from Edgar Vipont, to call at Messrs. Geo. Robertson's for certain books he had ordered, and bring them with me to Tasmania. The party broke up early, as I was to start by the mailboat at noon next day. Ere I went to bed I untied the parcel which had been forwarded to me by the booksellers, read over Edgar Vipont's list on the back of his letter, in order to be certain they were all right, then left the epistle lying on the dressing table, together with my fan, gloves, and trinkets. As usual, I locked my door. I was tired — almost too tired to sleep — and the night was close and warm. I had not closed my eyes, when again that sound as of a long-drawn sigh, reached my ears, and made me start bolt upright in bed. I looked towards the fireplace and a feeling of awe crept over me as my gaze fell upon the tall figure of a woman standing there, with her long white fingers clutching the terrible poison phial. The nameless horror which first seized me on looking at this white-robed visitant began to diminish as the veil was drawn aside, and I recognised the features of the portrait in Edgar Vipont's study. tSlowly the figme raised its transparent hands, and passed them through and through the long masses of raven hair that fell far below its waist. How pale it looked ; white and wax-like as a corpse. Suddenly it glided to the dressing table. I heard the rustling sound of paper. My letters were being moved. Then, as suddenly it returned to the mantelpiece, and fixing those haunting eyes on mine with a mournful expression, she raised the poison to her lips and fell shuddering on the hearthstone. I remember no more. 1 suppose I must have shrieked aloud in my agony, for I was raised from the swoon into which I had fallen by cries and heavy battering at my door, which was burst open by my sister's husband. " Good heavens, Bertha, what is it ?" cried Gertrude, rushing to my side. " What made you give that terrible cry, sister ?" " The figure," I muttered. " She has taken the poison," and I looked round, expecting to see the thing stretched on the rug, dead. My sister sent her husband and her servant out of the room, threw open the Venetian blind, and admitted the first pale rays of early dawn. Waiting until I had somewhat recovered myself, she said, " Now Bertha tell me what is the matter." ' I was trembling violently, so she gave me a dose of sal volatile, which restored me sufficiently to relate what I had seen. I expected to see her burst out into a fit of laughter, but to my surprise she looked soared and very grave. " It is very strange about this phial," she said, turning towards the fireplace. My glance followed hers. " Good heavens, Gertrude, there is my letter " I cried, with a start. " There, she has moved it. I 'left it on the dressing-table." And behold, there lay Edgar Vipont's missive re moved from its envelope, just on the spot where I had seen the poison bottle standing. I was too much overcome by these startling events to set out for Tasmania, as arranged, and my iournev was put off for another week. Three days afterwards, as my sister and I sat in the cool pretty drawing-room, our conversation reverted to the occurrence which filled both our thoughts, when with some embarrassment visible in her manner she began a strange story. ' Charter IV. " You must understand, Bertha, that I have no belief whatever in the supernatural, and I can certainly vouch for my husband, who is utterly sceptical on that score, but there is a very odd circumstance connected with - youi room which perhaps I ought to have mentioned to you before, only I wanted your stay with us to be thoroughly pleasant. Did 1 ever mention in my letters to you about a governess we had, who died very sud denly ? That furred tongue, bad tasting mouth, and miserable reeling, says you need Hop Bitters. Read and believe. " I do not remember it, Gertrude." " It's a strange affair altogether," she replied. ' " E Iwaru was very fortunate during our lirst year in I Melbourne, and made several thousand pounds with < some shares lie bought in a eertain gold mine. One i night Edward had been detained late at his office by ! pressing business, and was hastening to catch the last train at Flinders- street Station, when he was accosted by a young girl, evidently a stranger to the city, who asked him tiie way to . He told her it was some distance, and she asked how far ; anil when he said eight miles, she sank down on her knees, and clasped her hands, and muttered, " I am lost, then. I can go no further." El ward raised her up, and found the poor thing had fainted. He carried her into the waiting-room, and assisted to restore her, and was so struck by the extraordinary beauty and sadness of her face and manner that, in short, he brought her home to me. Trutu to tell, Beriha, I was not a little put out by his Quixotic conduct. The girl was lovely, and a perfect lady — you could see that at a glance, but I did not feel the least bit jealous. I scarcely knew what to do with her. She was ill, I could see, and in some terrible distress, which I tried in vain to induce her to disclose. She confessed to me that she was friendless, that she had not a relation in the wide world. She had been the comp 'lii >11 ol a lady in England had, in fact, been engaged to 1-er son j but the marriage, fiom cir cumstances into which it was painful to enter, had been broken off ; that she had 1 ft the house and the country and found herself here in the colonies, penniless, house less." I listened eagerly to every word which fell now from my sister's lips. , " We did the best wo could for her," continued Ger trude. " We offered her the post of governess to Lily and Sissy, which was gladly accepted, and as she was highly accomplished, and well read lor so young a person, I hoped we should have found her an acquisi tion, but her sorrow seemed to weigh her down, and though she strove to hide it, I saw plainly that her health was impaired. " I called in our own doctor to attend her. He could find no positive disease, but such terrible general debility, that he said any illness, even a comparatively slight one, might prove fatal to her. " At last, one morning she did not make her appear ance at breakfast as usual, and the servant, on going up stairs to call her, found her dead, there by the man telpiece." 4< This was her room, then ?" " Yes." I shuddered. It was by the fireplace I had seen her fall to the floor in my vision three nights ago. My sister continued 1— hhe had been dead some time, to all appearances, for she had neither undressed nor had the bed been disturbed. The strange thing was that she had lighted a fire and burnt most of her belongings, and stranger still, now I come to think of it, we found pieces of broken glass amongst the ashes. She left, however, one letter, written in French, but apparently she had forgotten to fill up the address for, 1 x0 Edgar ,' was all that she had written on the envelope." . " And did you never find out anything of her his tory ?" I asked, excitedly. " No, nothing. There was an inquest, and the verdict was ' Death from Natural Causes, bhe was buried in the new cemetery out yonder, beyond the river.'1 " You never imagined that she poisoned herself, Gertrude ?" " Certainly not, sister. Why should we? lhe Coroner's verdict was plain enough. Of course it was a terrible thing to happen in one's house, and upset us quite for some time, and 1 confess this vision, or what ever it was of yours, Bertha, has made me feel very uncomfortable." " What did this poor lady call herself, Gertrude ?' " Helen Armytage." " Helen," I exclaimed, " was that her name ?" " Yes, certainly. Why do you ask, Bertha? Have you met her ? Did you know her in England ? " No," I answered, " but may 1 see that letter, Ger trude ?" u Of course," she replied, and rose to fetch it. .L lay back in my chair filled with a strange certainty that Helen Armytage and the owner of the locket I had in my bedroom in Sydney, were one and the same person ; uay, now I remembered having seen the initials, H.A. engraved on the back, as I handed it to Mrs. Vipont, and it was the sight of them which had rung from her that terrible cry. My sister returned presently with the letter, and I examined it closely. " Will you trust it with nte for a short time, Ger- ttude ?" I asked, " I believe I have a clue to this mystery ?" My sister consented. At the end of the week I was so far recovered as to be prepared for my journey, and therefore bade her and her husband good bye. When I arrived at Hobart I found that Mrs. Yipont and her son had taken up their residence at an old place called the Bungalow, and situated about three miles outside the city. The first person 1 met when alighting from the conveyance was Professor Drayton. His keen eyes rested on mine for an instant, which made me 1 feel in some inexplicable way that he was my master. I He accosted me, however, in his usual polite, calm I manner, asked after tny health, enquired if the passage I had been pleasant, saw my things taken from the car- 4 riage, and entered the house with me. ri5 '3 1 " I have accompanied my young friend," he exclaimed. ' Poor Edgar inquires some one to be constantly with lirn, and has, I am glad to say, taken quite a fancy 3ompanionship, but" — and he vowed gallantly, " I must give place to metal more attractive. Mr. Yipont lias been looking forward eagerly to your return, Miss Adams. You will find him much changed. He has grown strangely morose, irritable, and nervous lately." " Indeed ; I am truly sorry to hear that, Sir." And then, I added, against my will, as it were ; "Professor Drayton, I am glad to have met you here. I have something curious to relate to you." " Ah 1" he answered, and his eyes flushed ; " I thought as much. What is it ?" But Mrs. Vipont entered at that moment, and for a time our conversation was at an end. I found my mistress looking well, but somewhat grave. " 1 am delighted to see you again with us, my dear Miss Adams," she said cordially. " Edgar will be glad, I am sure. He is longing to recommence his reading with you. Ah ! you remember the Professor, I see !" And her thin shapely lip compressed, as if there had come to her some painful remembrance with the thought of him. After lunch was over, Edgar Vipont sent for me to his private room. Professor Drayton was there when I entered. I was struck by the alteration of the young man's face, and the peculiar, enquiring glance he cast upon me. He was indeed changed. The arch enemy Death was plainly written on his pale aristocratic face. After a short conversation, I. produced the books L had brought from Melbourne, selected one from amongst them, and began to read. At first the sick youth listened, but anon grew restlessly excited in no small degree. " What is it, dear boy?" said the Professor. " Nay," he replied with quivering lip, " L feel as if Miss Adams had something to say to me, apart altogether from what she is reading. Pray, pardon me, I have no ears to listen." He rose abruptly, and began to pace up and down the apartment. " Do not excite yourself, Edgar. Miss Adams has news for you," said the Professor, coolly. Pausing in his walk, he fixed his lustrous gaze 011 me, and cried out, " What is it you have to tell me, Miss Adams ? Speak, Professor Drayton, I beg of you. You have seen the vision again ?" I was astonished beyond utterance. How did the Professor know that I had news for Edgar Vipont? I am free to confess that, since my entrance to the house, my mind had been in some way fixed upon the letter of the unfortunate Helen Armytage, to the exclusion of other ideas, but my mouth had uttered nothing in con nection with it. " Speak, Miss Adams. This suspense will kill me." The Professor's eyes were on me, and his will mas tered mine, and, without further reflection or hesitation, I took from my pocket the letter my sister bad given me, and handed it silently to the invalid. He sank down trembling on the sofa, tore open the envelope, and began to read. It was only for a moment, when there broke from him a heartrending cry of distress, and the missive fell from his hands at my feet. " My love ! my brave darling 1" he cried, " dead, dead 1 Ah ! Miss Adams, is it so — speak ?" And he caught me a grip which made me wince with pain. " She, who wrote that letter and called herself Helen Armytage, is dead indeed, Sir," I replied, with a calm ness which surprised me. There was a deep silence for several minutes, and then Edgar Vipont asked, in a strange harsh voice — " When did she die ?" " One year and eight months ago. She wrote that letter an hour before her death." The words spoken came from my mouth, but not of my own will and endeavour. " And she was ill — very ill — when she wrote this ?" " Yes, ill unto death." " Poor darling ; dead, and I loved her so." Ah ! cruel fate that separated us, and blighted our lives ! When did she die ? With friends ?" he asked eagerly. " Yes, with my sister." He fell to a perusal of the letter, and the Professor signed to me to leave the room. I did so, and he followed me. " You have not told him all," he said, looking at me fixedly. " There is more yet. I see it." " Yes," I replied, quietly. " There is more — she took poison." " What 1" he cried, in a suppressed tone. " Poison 1 Never tell him that. It would be his death. I forbid you ; you must obey me." I looked at him surprised, by the violence of hie manner, but I felt I must obey. " Now tell me all you know of this poor girl," he said, seating himself beside me. 1 repeated all that had happened, like a child re peating its task. " Do you know the history of Helen Armytage ?" " No ! Pray tell it to me, Professor Drayton." " I !" he cried. " I am as ignorant of her as you are, and know nothing further than what you have told me." Chapter V. I looked at Professor Drayton in amazement, " Surely you are jesting, sir ?" " Miss Adams, I never was more serious in my life," he answered, gravely. " I have studied Mesmer, and believe to a certain extent in the theory he lias pro- pounded ; but, like yourself, I am practical, and do not believe in shadows." " And how do you explain all that has passed — my vision, my letter being moved from my dressing- table ?" He shook his head, and repeated the lines from Hamlet — " There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in our philosophy." " You astonish me, Professor." " We are all a mystery, more or less," he replied. " The essence, or power, we call soul is a subtle force little comprehended. Sympathy — or, more properly speaking, ' affinity ' — has puzzled our greatest thinkers, but the days are coming when those things will be understood, and the laws that govern them. You saw, or fancied you saw, the scene of her death enacted be fore your eyes. To me it seems that there is a strong affinity between the soul of this poor girl and yourself by which means the news of her death might be known to her twin- essence, Edgar Vijpont. Do you compre hend me ?" " Not very well, sir. Why should a third person be used as a medium of intelligence between them ?" " Because the force of sympathy was evidently more en rapport between your soul and hers, than with his whom she had loved in the flesh," he answered. " Edgar Vipont is very proud and reserved, but be fore his death — and he will die ere long — I feel that he will take you into his confidence, Miss Adams, and tell you all.'' For three months saw the invalid daily. He was as grave and reserved as when I had first known him, and no allusion to Helen Armytage or her letter ever passed his lips. Then came the time when he grew so weak as to be confined to his room, and the days and weeks went by, and I heard from the Professor that he was dying. 1 was summoned to his room. Opposite his couch my eye fell upon the portrait I had first seen in Sydney. He smiled as my gaze went from the picture to his face. " Miss Adams, I want to talk with you," he said ; " to talk of her," glancing at the portrait, " the only woman I loved, and who ever had the power to stir the depths of my heart. L am by nature cool, and not easily moved either for good or evil, aud, like most natures of that sort, for me to love once was to love for ever." There was 110 one in the room save Professor Dray ton, who appeared deeply absorbed with a book by the window whilst Edgar Vipont told me his brief tale. " Helen Armytage," he continued, " occupied the same position in our household as you now hold, Miss Adams. She was an orphan, and penniless. My mother took a fancy to her when she was quite a girl, 011 seeing her at a country house in Westmoreland, where we happened to be on a visit. For three years she was trained and educated so that she might be the dame de compagnie to my mother. Well, to be as brief as possible, ere many months had passed after she had returned from school, I loved Helen, and was not long in discovering that my feelings were returned ; yet I think my affection frightened her. (She considered her self below me, and seemed to think from the first that our marriage was an impossibility. I thought other wise ; but, as the event proved, I was wrong." Here he paused, and sighed deeply. " My mother, who is an Earl's daughter, and allied to some of the grandest families in England, soon discovered our secret, and her surprise and disgust I shall never forget. I had ex pected to meet with repulses and coldness from the chief of our house ; but I did not dream that my mother would show such grief and determined opposition to my beautiful, refined, my darling girl. She declared that Helen should return to the post of governess in Westmoreland ; but I protested that I would leave the house for ever if she carried out her threat." As it was Helen- was shut up alone in her apartment, and it was not until my mother had tried every art and argument to turn me from my purpose, that she gave in ; aud, like a wise, good woman, seeing that she could not induce me to abandon my intention of marrying Helen, appeared to unite her efforts with mine to smooth away the objections of my kinsfolk. " Meanwhile the poor girl's life was a sad one. We loved each other dearly, but she knew my mother's proud spirit better than I did. She felt perhaps that, 1 even as my wife, she would never be forgiven, and so, as the days went by, the haunting expressions as you ! see there," pointing to the picture, " came for the first time into her eyes. It was about this time that the parentage of my love became known to me, and also 1 supplied my relations with a powerful weapon against my lolly, as they termed it. Helen's lather, although ' of a good family, was only a captain in a marching regiment stationed in India, and with nothing but his ! pay to live upon. During a mess brawl Fred Army tage struck his commanding officer, was tried by court martial, and cashiered. The affair might have ended here, but the unfortunate captain, maddened by the disgrace that had overtaken him, went to the Colonel's quarters and demanded satisfaction. Colonel M J refused, on the plea that Captain Armytage was no longer in a position to demand it, whereupon the captain produced a pair of duelling pistols, compelled his enemy to face him, and shot the Colonel dead on the . spot. For this terrible business Lhe unfortunate parent of my darling yet lingers out a degraded life at Port- ' land." I " A convict ?" I cried, with a shudder. " Aye, a convict I"- he answered, in a low tone. '( " What man with a spark of honour in his bosom would mate with a felon's brood ?" they cried. " Thus they won me over to consent to our separation. Helen's grief was something fearful to witness when they brought the news to her that we were to be separated for a time. That evening, as she bade me good night, she clung to my neck, and sobbed as I had never seen mortal sob before. I tried to comfort her as best I could, but she was taken from me insensible, and I have never seen her from that hour, and never knew her fate until you placed that fatal letter in my hand." He lay back, ex hausted with his efforts, but recovered presently, and added — " I have felt indeed that she was dead since the night of the seance with my old friend the Professor, and that on earth we should meet no more. But, oh ! how I longed for a last word, or some token from her, that I might know the manner of her death 1 You have supplied me with that I craved for, Miss Adams. I know now that my darling died amongst friends, and not, as I have too often pictured to myself, of starvation in the streets, or of sickness in some public hospital. I have proof here that she loved me to -the end, as I have also that we shall never be united again in this world. Well, I shall see her soon," and a smile came over his poor wan face. " This same love which held us here will assuredly unite us again in heaven. Miss Adams, raise me up, and give me a drink.'' Within the week Edgar Yipont died. His proud mother was inconsolable, and for months nothing seemed to rouse her from the state of deep melancholy into which the loss of her son had plunged her. By the advice of Professor Drayton we returned to Europe. We spent two years in France and Italy, and then re turned again to Tasmania, and took a mansion in view of Edgar Yipont's grave. And here we still reside, and have our being from day to day. The End. 