The Storyteller. Sweet Brier Berries. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS NUMBER.] CHAPTER I. BYN. L. "VANTAGE! juice! Vantage 1 juice! van-<*> tage! game ! and set to me; and oh 1 Stuart, I'm so hot; let us sit down in the shade and rest for awhile: I don't want to play any more." I exclaim, throwing myself down on the green grassy bank under tho lemon trees near the tennis-ground, on a sultry summer afternoon about a week before Christmas. " Certainly, chhrt cousine," replies my com panion and opponent, following ray example. " It's about time Lord Oswald arrived, isn't it, if he's coming to-day ?" " If—yes; but there's no saying when he will come; I'm not going to bother about it any more. After arraying myself most charm ingly in white with nickelings of pale blue for two afternoons running, and then sitting down in tho drawing-room to receive him in state, he never came! If there is anything unsatis factory it is for people to tell you vaguely to expect them some day during the week—he can't bo a nice man." " Nice, or not nice, you'll all be setting your caps at him, I expect, Syb." " Oh, don't you know that last tennis after noon when the girls were here we all drew lots for him, down here in the garden, with little bits of straw?" "Poor man, I pity him during the next fortnight; and who got him—you ?" "On no, I didn't; it would never do for me, you know; I'm not half stately enough to be Lady anyone ; Mabel got him—and all the rest of us are to do our best to help carry it through." "And what is to be your reward if yon succeed, oh generous and disinterested damsels?" " Bridesmaids and bracelets, of course. But really, Stuart, joking apart, wouldn't it be nice if Lord Oswald did fall in love with Mabel ? Poor dear Mab, she's so nice-looking and so unhappy at home with that cross oid step mother of hers; though I should miss her dread fully, I'd be very glad to see her married to some one nice; wouldn't you?" " V—o —s; no—what were you saying ?" " Oh, how stupid you are! I won't talk to you »ny more -but, I cry, jumping up, "do look, Stuart; I believe that is Lord Oswald walking up the path with papa now. Come along up to the house quickly; Ive never changed my dress! What do I look like? Is my hair very rough?" I ask anxiously. " Yes, and your face is as red as your apron," is the comforting reply. " Never mind, Syb; don't fret; I like you better in your jersey than in any other costume." We reach the veranda, and standing by mamma's side is a very gentlemanly gentleman, dressed in gray. They turn round as we approach. '"Short, fair, and plain," I think to myself as we are being introduced. On a closer survey, though, I modify these three epi thets considerably—for, first, if he is lacking in length of stature, he makes up for it in breadth, and is remarkably well formed; secondly, if his face is plain it is redeemed by a pair of tho kindliest, most sincere-looking, blue-gray eyes one could well imagine; and, lastly, if he is fair, why, Mabel likes fair men. (/don't, they always look insipid to me.) But here I must leave Lord Oswald while I explain who he, Mabel, myself, and everyone else is. Well, to begin with myself, I am an only daughter, my name is Sybil Scott, and I live with my parents in a cool shady-looking stone house just on the outskirts of a fearfully slow little country town (I often tell che inhabitants that if it was not for us and our weekly tennis they would gradually sink into beings who live, certainly, yet have no life. Mabel Hamilton is my particular friend; she has a vulgar old step-mother, and about a dozen horrid little step-brothers and sisters to look after. Stuart is my cousin; he is three years older than myself, and about two years ago, on the death of his parents, came over from New Zealand and bought a station adjoining ours; where* upon society straightway announced our en gagement—on tho foundation that somebody had heard me tell somebody else that he was my ideal of manly beauty, and that he had been heard to say that I was the best tennis player, and altogether the jolliest girl out. Lord Oswald is the son of a very old friend of my mother, and being out on a visit to this country wrote and asked permission to come and pay us a visit and see something of station life before returning home; and, as the letter happened to come on one of the Wednesday afternoons when all the girls had assembled in full muster to play tennis, I immediately in vited them all to spend Christmas, and then we kindly arranged his future for him in the afore mentioned tnauner. There—all that explana tion being over, I will go on with my story. The next few days pass very quickly. I get to like Lord Oswald immensely; he is so natural and unaffected, and so helpful to me in a hundred little ways in the preparing for our guests; and the more I see ot him the more I wish I could unite our dear Mabel to him, and so secure her happiness in life (for I feel sure that anyone he loved would be very tenderly cared for). The day before Christmas arrives, and with it all our other guests except Mabel, whom I am anxiously expecting, when a note in her hand writing is put into ray hand. It is to say that her little brother Bobby has fallen out of a plum-tree and broken his collar-bone, and that she will not be able to leave home for a few days, but hopes to be with, us in time for the dance on Monday. She is very sorry, but supposes it will make no great difference to anyone but myself. Not make any difference I should just think it would—perhaps a whole lifetime of difference. " Bother take Bobby and the plum-tree!" I say, almost ready tojery with vexation. "Pray who]is Bobby, and what have'the plum-trees been doing that you bo kindly con sign them to botheration f says a voice behind me. " Oh, LordlOswald, isn't it a shame? Miss Hamilton's horrid little brother has fallen out of a tree and broken hit arm or somothing, and she won't be able to come till Monday. Isn't it too bad?" For your sake, certainly; for my own, I haven't the pleasure of knowing Miss Hamil ton. Bo you will excuse my not showing such strong symptoms of regret as I might otherwise have done. "No, and now you will hardly have time to see anything of her if you persist in going away next week," I say regretfully, as I turn and go back to the drawing-room. Among our guests is a Miss Claude—a young lady who is a stranger in the neighbourhood, and to whom all the rest of us girls, who are well known to each other, have taken an in stantaneous and uncharitable sort of dislike. She is a good deal older than the rest of us—if not in yean, certainly in ways and manners. Another thing, she is a " town" girl, and has a " roakc-way-f or-me" kind of air which fills us with resentment. That she should monopolise Lord Oswald all that evening we take quite as a matter of course, but when it comes to all the next day too we begin to grow indignant. " I declare," Bays Alice Stacy, "if that isn't song number seven beginning now! She'll go on singing till night at this rate; much use there was thinking poor Mab would have a chance. \N hat made you invite the horrid thing here, Sybil?" "Can't we do anything to get him out of there ?" suggests one of the others. " Where are Stuart and all the other gentlemen ? Sup posing we have some tennis ? Accordingly I make my way to the drawing room. In a few minutes I rush back, breath less. " What's the matter, Syb. ? have you seen a ghost V " No; only she has challenged Stuart and me to play liord Oswald and herself." " What! Miss Claude ? The impudence of her! Why, she won't have a chanco against you." " I don't know about that; Lord Oswald is an awfully good player, and we know nothing about her, you know." " She's not the lea9t likely to be half as good as you are; and Stuart and you are so accus tomed to play together," says Alice. "Come along; I hope you'll give them a thorough good taking down." Wo join the gentlemen, and all go down to the garden. We toss for serves, and it comes to us. I take the balls, and my hands are trembling so with excitement and nervousness that I can hardly hold them. I begin. Bang goes one ball into the net, then another, and then another. "Take caie, Syb," says Stuart; but it is no use; never have I played so badly in my life; the harder I try the worse I get. In the next game I hardly take a ball, and the girls begin to look anxious, and I feel in a fearful rage with myself. Stuart exerts him self to the utmoßt, and it is all owing to his good play that at the end of the set they only win by one game. I resign my racket and go and sit down under the lemon trees, feeling fearfully " taken down " as 1 think how many strangers there are looking on who have heard so much about my tennis playing, and what must they think of it now? "Nevermind, Syb," says Stuart coming and sitting down beside me; " they only won by a game after aIL" "I know, Stuart, and it's very good of you not to be angry with me after making you lose the set like that; but there's no use trying to comfort me; I'm disgusted with myself— though I dare say it's very good for me; I was getting too uppish winning so constantly. But what vexes me most is that, in those fast two games we won. Lord Oswald was not trying to play a bit. I know he wasn't; he gave me such awfully easy serves, and missed two or three balls on purpose." Here Lord Oswald comes towards as. " Miss Sybil," he says, " they are all of the opinion that you two ladies should play a single-handed set now. Miss Claude expresses herself quite willing ; are you agreeable, or do you feel too tired? 7* "O, Lord Oswald," I say, looking up, " you know I cau't play a bit to-day." "Go on, Syb. fire ahead; for goodness sake don't let her think you're afraid to play her; and 111 give a bracelet to the winner. So Miss Claude and I resume our rackets, and they all gather round to watch; but by this time my excitement has worn off, and my hands are steady, so that, though she serves remarkably swiftly, I am twice as quick in the taking and running about after the balls. The first few games we keep equal, but then I win the remaining three straight off. It is Monday night, and we are dressing for the dance. All day leng we have been very busy preparing. We have cleared the dining room and hung it with greens, and curtained in part of the veranda where wo have laid the supper. It is now 8 o'clock, and I am in a great state of excitement. Mabel and I are both dressed in cream, only she wears red ribbons and I blue. " How nice you do look, Mab, to be sure," I say, falling back a step or two to look at her; " I'd give anything to be as pretty as you arc. There is only one thing wanting—some flower* for your hair; the geraniums are too bright for your ribbons. I know the very thing! and I rush off into the next room and take out of a vase a little bunch of sweetbrier berries which Lord Oswald had given me that morning as we were decorating the rooms. "I won't tell Mab he gave them to me though," I think to myself, " or she might refuse to wear them." " What a lovely night!" says Mabel, going to the window ; " everyone will begin to arrive soon." "Well, Mabel, what do you think of your future intended ?" says Alice, coming into the room. " He's awfully struck with her, at any rate," breaks in Amy Porter; "he never took his eyes off her for full five minutes at the tea- table to-night. Don't forget that the bracelets are to be gold with silver leaves, Mab." <rNonsense ; he's a great deal too taken up with Miss Claude to think of anyone else," says another; "it is from her we shall have to claim the bracelets." " Indeed, I don't think so at all; I don't believe he likes her a bit, only she rubs after him so fearfully he cant help paying her a little attention." . "Girls! Girls! there's the first carriage coming !" calls out my mother's voice, so we all troop off, and for tlie noxt half-hour I stand by mother's side shaking hands till ray arm aches. At the end of that time Lord Oswald comes up and asks to see my programme. I give it him, and ho writes his name down and gives it back. I look at him aghast. "Do you know what you've done?" 44 What?" he asks. " Why, you've put your name down for five waltzes, and there are ouly seven on the pro gramme." "What about it?" 44 What about it! Why, to say the least of it, it's a fearfully rash thing to do, to engage a partner you have never danced with in your life for five waltzes straight off. How do you know I can waltz ? Besides, I'm not going to have them with you; what would all the other girls think '! Just scratch off three of them, if you please; two, with the first quadrille, will bo quite as many as 1 ought to have with you to* night." 44 Lord Oswald takes it back and does as I direct." 41 May I have an extra V he asks. 41 Well, yes, perhaps an extra; but remember all the other girls—Miss Hamilton waltzes beautifully." But my last little hint has no effect ap parently, for he walks off to the other side of the room and sits down by Miss Claude. 4* Provoking man!" I say to myself ;44 ten to one if he doosn't go and engage her for the other five. Now I half wish I had allowed him to have them with mo; I might just as well, if only Miss Claudo is goin? to benefit by my generosity." But there is no time for further soliloquy, for the first quadrille strikes up and Lord Oswald comes back and offers me his arm. 44 What have you done with my flowers ?" he asks, as we are promenading up and down the veranda afterwards. 44 What, the berries? Oh, I ffave them to Miss Hamilton. Don't they look nice in her hair?" 441 thought you said you liked sweet brier!" 44 Ho I do, very much ; only they wouldn't match my ribbons. Red is not becoming to blondes, you know.' 44 Why didn't you tell me so before ? and I'd have brought you something else." 4' I didn't think about it, and I really didn't want any. Are you engaged to Miss Hamilton for any dances?" 44 Ono—ritjht at the end ; it was all she had to give me." '4 O, why didn't you go to her sooner ? She ■ such a good dancer. Isn't she nice looking; quite the prettiest girl about here ?" " Do you think so ?" 44 Yes; don't you ?" " No; she's rather too much of the brunette style for me. I prefer blue eyes to brown." 44 That's a wonder." "Why?" 44 Oh, because you're fair yourself, you know; and people generally admire their opposites." 441 am an exception to the rule, then." 44 Lord Oswald," 1 say, stopping short and looking straight at him, 4'l do believe you nitan't just then to make me believe that you think 2 am pretty ?" 441 know I did." "Well, please not to tell me any more such abominable stories. Me pretty! I may sometimes have been called rather nice- looking; but as for being pretty, you know perfectly well I am not. I really thought better of you." "fra sure I beg your pardon a thousand times; I had no idea my words would call forth such a hurricane ; but I assure you it was no story—l meant what I said." "Oh, do talk sense!" "Certainly. Perhaps you would like me to tell you that you are ugly ?' 44 No ; for that would be just as bad. I know lam not: you needn't say anything about it at all." Miss Claude is spoiling him, I think to myself; he did not pay mo silly compliments the first few days he was nere. " Where ever have you been to, Sybil?" says Stuart, coming on to tho veranda; " I've been looking for you everywhere; the waltz began long ago." Chapter 11. It is late at night, and I am sitting in my room by my window, the picture of de spair, thinking over the events of the last fortnight. Yen, fortnight; for that time has past and gone since the dance, and though the time has gone nothing elno has gone as wished or arranged. Lord Oswald and Mabel, spite of all I could do or say, would not sec anything to admire in each other, and yesterday Mabel went home, and this morning Lord Oswald left for Sydney ; and last, and most dreadful of all to relate, last night out in the garden Lord Oswald proposed, not to Mabel, not to Miss Claude as everyone thought he was going to, but to me/ Yes, to me. I was fearfully as tonished, and told him so. He said he thought I knew all along that he cared for no one but me: but how could I ? I never dreamt of such a thing. Of course I refused him, most de cidedly and flatly, though I waa, oh! very, very, sorry for him; he seemed to be so much in earnest about it all. And this morning he went away, and so did everyone elac —even Stuart went home; and oh ! how lonely and bad I have felt all day, to be sure, though I tried not to give myself time to think at all, but busied about putting away extra silver and china which had been required during the last few weeks, and helping the servants to rc- arrango the spare rooms. But now as I sit all by myself in my room looking out into the moonlight thought can no longer be abolished, and Lord Oswald's face as he said good-bye haunts roc so dreadfully that at last I can stand it no longer, and springing up I hastily put tho candle out and jump into bed. I cannot have been asleep long when I am awakened by a terrific crash. I spring out of bed, and after first banging my head against the bedpost and then stepping into the bath I succcod in finding the matches, and discover that the cat has made her way in at the window knocking down a flowerpot which stood on the sill and bestrewing the carpet all over with bits of broken crockery and mignonette. I proceed to turn her out, but such is evidently not her intention, for she jumps over the bed, under the bed, and into the bed, and finally alights on the dressing-table, sending the candle flying as she does ho. When I re-light it she is no where to be seen, so I again retire to rest, and this time I aleop till I wake up and find that tho sunlight is streaming into tho room, and that my mother is standing by m* with an open letter in her hand.' " Wake up, child! how soundly yon have* been sleeping! I have trot »»ch a piece oft news; what do you think it is!" "I'ss. aure I don't know," I say, yawning, half ■wising myself up, and then linking back again ; "anyone engaged ?" M Really?" this time I ait bolt upright. "It isn't Mabel, is it ?" "Yes, dear, it is Mabel; now who do you think to?" (I fancy ray mother looks rather anxious as she says this.) "Good gracious! lam suro I don't know, unless it is to Lord Oswald, after all." " No, it is not to Lord Oswald, dear, but to Stuart." " Stuart! you don't mean to say so !" and jumping out of bed I begin hurrying on my clothed as fast as possible, after having almost ■bricked the words out in my utter amaze ment. " Here is his letter, dear." I take the letter and sit down on the edge of the bed and read :— Waiogan. Saturday Mornirg. My dear Aunt,—Being naturally ot such a bash ful and retlnng disposition (ahem!) I could not •crew up sufficient courage to Inform you verbally of what I aja now about to impart 10 you with the help of pen and ink. I don't know whether you will be surprised (but I have a notion that you will bo a trifle 30) to hear that Mabel and I are engaged. 1 know that you will glvo us your hearty good wUheß and blessing, chcre tunte, and lhopo Syb will do the sumo, even though we nave kept the last few days "dark" from her; but her head was so full of her own schemes, thore was no getting at her. I will be over some time to-morrow, and until then good-bye. Your aflfro. nephew, St"akt a. Dayne. " Had you any idea of this, Sybil ?" says my mother an I slowly fold the letter up and re place it in its envelope. " Not the faintest; such a thing never entered my head." " And you will be able to congratulate thorn, Sybil." " Why, yes, I suppose I shall when I get used to it; it seems so funny now;" and look ing up I again think I catch that anxious look on her fuce. "Had you any idea of it, mother!" "Yes, dear; I have thought so for some time." " Have you? Why, how very stupid I must have been." " Not stupid, but apt to let your mind get so full of one thing you can thinkof nothing else." After breakfast, instead of setting off straight to go and see Mabel, I go and he down in a hammock on the veranda. I can hardly understand my own feelings; I only know that they seem in a great whirl, and uppermost in the whirl surges a half-angry hurt kiud of feeling against both Stuart and Mabel, which I feel I must get rid of before I can see the latter. " They might have let me know how things were going," I think to myself as I swing back wards and forwards in the hammock "If / had been engaged I would not have lived two whole d»y» in the same house as Mabel, and uot have told her;" and Igo on thinking of all the little manoeuvres and plans I went to the trouble of contriving for throwing Lord Oswald and Mabel together. How blind I have been, and what an owl thoy must have thought me 1 and then how I shall miss Stuart, for, of course, when he is married he will not be able to come over constantly and play tennis with me as he always has done; but by this time my good feelings come to the rescue, and triumph over bad ones. " Horrid selfish thing that you are, Sybil 1" conscience says to me. "Only a few weeks ago you were declaring yourself ready to do anything if you could only help Mabel and see her happily settled, and now you are un willing to give up your cousin to hor simply because it will detract a little from your own special amusement and pleasure. I'm quite ashamed of you!" which little homily makes me so ashamed of myself that I jump out of the hammock, and am turning to get my hat to set off at once, when I see Mabel coming up the garden walk. It is the afternoon of the last day of Feb ruary, and Mabel and I are sitting in my room talking. It is her last visit to v h Mabel Hamilton, for to-morrow is her wedding day. "What is the matter with you, 87b?" she is saying; "you have got so thin and pale and quiet lately/ "There is nothing the matter with me, thank you; but who could help looking thin and pale after all this fearful heat ? Besides, of course I can't help feeling a little lonely some time* when I think I am going to lose both you and Stuart 30 soon!" ' "What nonsense you talk about going to lose us! Why, you silly child, I hope to see more of you than ever, for of course you must come and stay with us constantly." "Ah! yea, dear, but it will never be the game again," I say, shaking my head. After an early breakfast the next day, I set off for Mabel's home to help her dress. It is not a very nice day—rather cloudy, which drives away any little regrets she may have for bridal white (for she would not have a wedding dress, saying it would only be an unnecessary trouble and expense, so we chose a pretty soft ardoise cashmere, and for the bridesmaids cream India muslins with pale blue sashes). We reach the church, and as we get out of the carriage and start to walk up the path I grasp Alice's arm (she is one of the brides maids) and say," Who on earth is that standing talking to Stuart?" "It looks uncommonly like Lord Oswald's back, whoever the face may belong to," says Alice. " Surely it can't be he; he sailed for England longago. "He must have come back again then, or else he never went, for it certainly is he; Grhaps ha found he could not live without iss Claude; what a pity she is not here !" To all this I make no answer, but my heart is beating in a most unaccountable manner, and as we approach the others I feel afraid to look up. Lord Oswald comes forward at once, though with that quiet, natural, unembarrassed manner which has always characterised him, and to all exclamations of surprise at his being there he makes answer that, finding his presence in England was not absolutely necessary for two or three months, he had been making a tour round some of the islands, and on meeting Stuart on his return to Sydney had accepted his invitation to come up and stand as best man at his wedding. The ceremony is over at last, and we drive back and partake of refreshments. Then Mabel puts on her bonnet and gloves, and we all stand and throw rice and old shoes after them as they drive off. Then ray mother turns* and I hear her auk Lord Oswald if he v coming hack with us; but he says he has promised Btuart to stay at Waiogan and look after it while he ii away. When we reach home I go to my own room, and taking off my hat throw myself on my bed with a book; but reading, I soon find, is out of the question with ray nerves in their present excited state, so I get up and go down to the drawing- room, and after having some tea with my mother stroll down to the river in front of the house. How still and quiet every thing is except for the gurgling sound of the water as it runs over the stones ! I sit down on an old leaning oak tree and watch it. Dear me, what a funny day it has been! I wonder what Lord Oswald has come back for, I think to myself—perhaps to propose to me again ! I feel awfully like a girl in a novel. What fun it would be if he was to pop out suddenly from those ti-trees on the other side of the river ! He couldn't very well go down on his knees just here, though; there are too many stones. But time goes on and the sun begins to get low in the skies, and nothing comes to disturb my reverie, so I get up to go home, when I catch sight of a sweetbrier bush hang ing far out over the water, covered with, clusters of scarlet berries. "I'll have some of those before I go," I say to myself, and walking down to the edge of the stream I attempt to cross a log which has fallen across just where the berries grow. I have been across it dozens of times before, but whether to-day the late fresh in the river has rendered it slippery or my nerves have completely deserted me I don't know, for when I get to the middle and see the water dashing under me I turn as giddy as a top, and can neither go backwards nor for wards. I sway about on the high log, and every moment I think I am going to lose my balance and go plump into the water. What am Itodo ? Ana then, to make matters worse, I hear a gun go off—almost against me, it seems. "Oh! Who's there?" I cry out. "Phase don't shoot any more;" and as I speak a man emerges from the bushes on the other side of the river with a gun over his shoulder. " Oh ! Lord Oswald, do come and help me, I'm in such a fearful fix; I'm stuck here on this horrid log and I can't get off." " Hullo! was it you who called out just now?" " Yes, yes, and unless you make haste I shall certainly fall in." Hearing which Lord Oswald harries down the bank, steps across the stones, lays down his gun, and comes along the log to meet me. " Now give me your hand." I grasp his, and in a moment more am safely landed where I started from. "How on earth did you get there?" says Lord Oswald. " I went to try and get some of those berries, and I turned giddy 1 suppose; at any rate I couldn't move. Oh, but please don't go to get me any. I don't want them, really, and the log is so slippery," I cry as he turns and walks back; but almost before I have finished speaking my hands are full of bright clusters. As he gives them to me, the evening of our dance comes vividly back to my mind, and I wonder whether it does to his too ; but he says nothing, and the silence be comes rather embarrassing, for this Is the first time we have been alone since that night in the garden ; so, rather to break it than anything. I observe that it is time I was returning to the house. Still he does not stir. "Won't you come back and stay tonight with us?" I re peat ; "Ism sure Stuart wouldn't mind; he leaves the. place for days together, you know." " Sybil," cays Lord Oswald, turning suddenly round and facing me, " before you go 1 want you to tell me what I have come back here on purpose to ask you—whether you will not re consider your answer to me that night in the garden. Try to love me, Sybil, and be my wife," he says, coming nearer and taking both my hands. Every bit of colour goes out of my face and I tremble all over. "Oh, I don't know, I don't know," I say ; " I'm afraid I don't care for you : and I know I am not worthy of you, and afterwards you might be disappointed in me, and that would be so dreadful." "Tell me one thing, Sybil," he says, dropping my hands and half turning away; "is there anyone else you care for T* "I dont think I care for anyone in the world," I say, "except my parents; I think I'm dreadfully cold-hearted." "Then if you care for no one else give me the right to asture you of what I am very sure of myself, that your heart, far from being cold, is a very warm one." "Do you really care so much?" I say, won* deringly, as I look up at his face and see that it is quite white with agitation. "I am sure I don't see what there is in me to care much about." " Answer me, Sybil," repeats Lord Oswald. " I don't know what to say. I tell you I don't think I care for you in any other way than as a friend." " Give me the right, though, Sybil, to try and win your love." " You can try if you like, but, remember, I have warned yeu that I am not at all sure of your succeeding, and you mustn't blame me afterwards if you don't." For answer Lord Oswald stoops down and kisses me till I declare that if that is the way he is going to behave I will withdraw straight way from my part of the bargain. "80 you are going to be Lady Oswald after all, Syb ?" says Mabel a few weeks later on her return. We are sitting in my room, I on the window-sill dangling my feet about. " Y-e-s, there seems no help for it, though I'm just as much of the opinion that I'm quite unfitted for such an exalted state as I was on the day when we first drew lots for it; and oh! Mab! I say clasping my hands, "the thought of old Lady Oswald always sitting up so stiff and prim strikes terror into my very heart. I believe she gets hysterical when anyone leans back in one's chair, and I'm tueh a one to 1011, you know! Really whenever I think of it I feel half inclined to give Lord Oswald back this ring I" and I turn the thick gold band glittering with diamonds slowly round en my finger. "What a humbug you are, Sybil!" says Mabel, "pretending yon don't care for Lord Oswald when you know quite well you'd break your heart to-morrow if he went to England without you. Why, you nearly did before!" " That I never did !" I cry indignantly, jump ing off tho window-silL What, break my heart for a man ! Ittver /" Thu National Library of Paris, by a recently completed inventory, contains 3,600,000 volumes. The cabinet of manuscript* includes 92,000 volumes, either bound in boards or in portfolios, as well as 141,000 mfcdah of all periods, botb French and foreign. 