SPORTING) TOPICS. By" Sib Launcelot" and "Vigilant." Important Entries. Ok Tuesday next owners ehonld remember that entries ere due for the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap, to be run at the South' Australian Jockey Club's Autumn Miwunp fn May. The former event 18 a handicap of 2600 sots., the first home receiv ing 2000 flora., and a Gold Gap valued at 100 eora., the gift of Sir Thomas Elder, the eeoond 500 eora., and the third 200 eora. If any surplus over £2500 ie received for entries, aooeptanoee, and final payments, two- thirds will go to the second horse, and one-third to the third horse. The dietanoe is one mile and five furlongs ; and entries, which osn be k; made with the secretaries of the 8.A.J.C., | V.H.O., or A.J.C.,before4 p.m. on Tuesday, E must be aooompanied by the sum of 6 eora. E To the Goodwood Handioap, run over u mile Wt: course, 250 flora, is added, and the cum of EL two eora. must aooompany each entry. The BP oondittosB of both races am advertised io our EV oolum&sto-day.; All the finishes at Caulfield ou Saturday - were of a (< runaway" description, and with the intense heat prevailing nobody could have been sorry when the day's sport was over. Anagram opened the ball by easily disposing of his only opponent, Isabel, iu the Selling Race, and for 30 guineas be was allowed to return to his stable. Discount, who had the cervices of Batty in the saddle, cut up very badly in the Hurdle Rice, though heavily supported by the Caulfield folk, and it might almost be said that Vanguard bad the race won after tbey had gone six furlongs, the sou of Pro to Martyr eventually placing the stakes to Mr. Evans credit in very easy fashion, Sundowner and Triplet filling the other places. Favouritism for the Hawks- bum Handicap seemed to rest between Crcswick, Chuckster, aud Oamerine, and tbe last named, with Hales iu the saddle, had tbe money fairly " planked" on her by the Caul field people. Coming with one ran when they landed In the straight she easily did the ; trick, and though Ironmaster's number was At first hoisted as runner-up, Agitation secured that position a head in front of Hie half -brother toProgross, who, in his tarn, j was Lbo same distance in front of ChnckBter. Ou tbe latter horse O'Brien seemed to be in too crcat a hurrr to make his war home, for he was iu front three furlongs from the finish, and whh racing Ironmaster for the lead— a rather injudicious move, eceiog that Mr. Wallace's horse waa conceding Mr. Whit- tiogham's colt no lees than 361bs. The fielders had a big turn in the Steeplechase, in which the Adelaide horse, Governor, who ran entirely unbacked, easily disposed of his ten opponents, of whom Mouulight and Tdndsiiokor, who ran first and second res peclivfly at Geelong, wero the only two that tell. Huht, who finiehed third on Napoleon, was summoned before the stewards to explain his riding of tbe horse, and after hearing a little evidence it was decided to postpono further consideration of tbe matter till this afternoon. Though Mr. Whitting- bam and bis friends backed Xantippo for a bit at 10 to 1, iu a field of 15, for the St. VdUntiuu'e Handicap, she was neglected by the general body of backers, who picked on io Duenua, Precious Stone, and Victrews as the good tilings, but zicitber of Ibis trio troubled the judge, whose verdict was in favour of Xanlippc, Mistake and Haniiibal making a good race of it for second place. XuntippeiB a half-sister to Aspen, who won the hew- market Handicap twice for Mr. Whiltingbaro, whose colours were again to the fore in the Welter Handicap, in which Ironmaster had no difficulty in settling the pretensions of Boisterous, Petrel, Coup d'litat, and The Ghost. Tbe stewards showed their authority during the afternoon by fining Mr. E. Lewis £10, and Mr. P. Bowling £2 2s., for being laic in scratching Manfred and Castaway respectively for the St. Valentine's Handicap; and Mr. C. F. Fra&cr; had to pay £10 for similar laxity in connection with The Drone for the Welter Handicap. Mr. J. O. Ikglis receircd the largest cheque at tbe sett ling on tbe Geelong meet ing, tliiB being £5G0 for the Sires' Produce Stakes, won by Uarda, Mr. B. Hepburn, the owner of Linda, cautc next with £305, and the gold cup value 100 guineas ; and the other amounts were— Mr. D. S. Waliaco, £351 ; Mr. J. D. Robertson, £158 ; Mr. W. Calvert, £150 ; Mr. J. M'Grade, £130 ; Mr. J. Wilson, £134 j Sir W. J. Clarke, £7S ; Mr. M. Griffin, £75 ; and Mr. James Patcr- son, who nominated the sire of Uarda, £100. Fob the Wyndham races on the 23rd in- plaut, 16 entries have been reoeived for the Mambourino Handicap, 7 for tho Soiling Handicap, 7 for the Hurdle Race, and 22 for the Grand Stand Handioap. The Hon. J. White's horses, Martini-Henry, Seccnhoe, Morpeth, Despot, lolanthe, and Salvo bare put in on appearance at Fleming- ton, and have gone to Mortison's, tbe usual nbiding-placc of the "Blue and White" repre sentatives. The hurdle racer, First Try, camo over with the leant. CaheriNe, who won the Hawkeburn Han dicap on Saturday, was bred by aud is tbe property of that enthusiastic Gippsland breeder and sportsman, Mr. George I)avi. She is foil sister to David, who won the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes last October, and ran third to lolanthe and King's Own in the Matibyrnong Plate ; and her dam, Alioe Drew,was also dam of Columbus, who won the Australian Cup of 1S80. Camerine's princi pal performances hitherto have been in the Gippsland district, where she lost season won the Bairnsdale Handicap, in which Ferryman, who won the Geelong Handicap the week be fore last, finished behind her. She is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at Gst. 101b., and both before and after her Caulfield vic tory was well backed for the big sprint race of the V.R.C. Autumn programme. Acceptances and general entries are dne to-day for the Smeaton Races, whioh come off to-morrow. The Eclipse Stakes of 10,000 sovs., to be run at tbe Sandown Park meeting in July, 188C, has— so tho English papers inform us— dosed with 270 entries. This ie 30 Bhort of the stipulated number, but the Sandown Club have, nevertheless, decided to keep the race in their programme. There arc 98 foals, 120 jearliogs, 42 two- ycar-olde, seven three-year- olds, and two four-year-olds. There are no Australian horses, and the only foreigners are 46 French and 8 American horses. Toe Howkcebury Autumn Handicap hoe attracted 67 horses, and the Rowley Mile three less. The only horecs from this sido of the border arc Aide-de Camp, Precious Stone, Lord Wilton, and Le Grand. The weights for the Autumn Handicap will be declared on the 11th March, and those for the Rowley Mile on the 17th March. The entries for the Sydney Cap appear under onr usual beading to-day, aud number 74\. or 19 less than last Tear. The Viotorian representatives are 21 io number, and include most of our best horses. Mb. A. F. Smart's horses, Tbe Drummer, Countryman, and Coir, have arrived at the Racecourse Hotel, Flemington, where they have joined their owner's other horses, Archie, The Bohemian, Brown and Rose, Grosvenor, and Beaumont. In another column appears the list of those left in the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes, numbering 17. This valuable stake will be run for at the V.R.C. Autumn Meet- taffi general entries for which fixture are due to-morrow. The events requiring the attention of nominators are detailed in our leading columns to- day. Tub cross-country horse Tandstickor left for Tasmania on Monday to fulfil his engage ment io the steeplechase at the Tasinanian Racing Club's Summer Meeting, which com mences to-day. Belle Brandon and Shamrock have also gone over to compete at the same fixture. Three has been quite an exodus of b port ing men to Tasmania during the week, for, in addition to several bookmakers, Irimy has gone over to ride King of the Vale in the Hobart Cup, and Moore to steer Signor, while Cracknel! will have the mount on Mr. Agnew's selected, Swxxt Willi Air, Wallangra, and Boecawen have arrived at Flemington in charge of Raynor. Ok Tuesday next aooeptanoeB and general entries must be made for the Shepparton Races. Thb Timmering Booing Club's annual races, which were fixed for tbe 4th Marob, have been postponed indefinitely. Fuszlieb represents about the best olaas out of tbe 16 horses nominated for the Horsham Cop, to be ruu at the Wimroera Turf Club's Raoes on the 27th instant. There are 10 engaged in the Hurdle Race. The Hamilton Racing Club'a annual race-meeting has been fixed for the 9th and 10th of AprlL The full programme will appear in a few daya. Acceptances for the Seymour Meeting olose on Monday next. Those racegoers who have been unable to visit Tasmania will have en opportunity of eDjoyinga pleasant outing ou Saturday next, on the oocaeion of tbe Winohelsea Racing Glnb's meeting in honour of his Excellency the Governor. A special train will leave the Spencer-street railway station at 10.10 a.m. on Saturday. Mb. D. S. Wallace had a good turn at Ararat with The Marohionass, who carried off the two principal events. Tbe results of the various events are set out in another oolnmn. It has bceo decided to hold the Cranbourne annual races on Saturday, the 29th March. arc jicDis oi tue programme will be similar to those of lost year, except that a Maiden Selling Rice will be substituted for the Maiden Plate. As Archduke did not give satisfaction when tried recently by Mr. VV. E. Dakio, tbat gentleman has returned him to his owner, Mr. G. Pycrs. Staddex has arrived at the Raoecourse Hotel with Mr. De Mestre's horses, Naviga tor, Copra, Olga, Steersman, Sirocco, Wax- light, Cupidon, Muscat and tbe colt bv Robinson Crusoe out of Sunshine. Mr. De Meetre himself is expected here io a few dajs. A jockey was recently converted in Now Zealand, and has given up the pigskin for a liculeuancv in a detachment of the Salvation Army, By his own confession he must have been a real 11 bad "un," and his many "crooked" acts should have disqualified him. At the Salvation meeting when the jockey announced that he had, after a hard struggle, reached the winning-port, great interest was taken in the convert; and when he commenced to tell how bad ho had been, bow he had pulled horses, etc., he was not permitted to t-cll iiis history, as the Hallelujah lasses com menced singing, or some interesting lurf eecrels would, it is said, hare been revealed. The stewards of the English Jockey Club arc determined to exercise a strict supervision over jockeys. They have given notice that for tuo future licenses will only bo granted to jockeys on condition that tbey are not owners or part owners of any racehorse. Leave may be given, on special application, to jockeys to own one or more hones, but this permission will only be granted when the jockey is also a trainer, and the horse is to bo trained in his own stable. It having been represented to the 8tewards of tbe Jockey Club that many jockeys are in the habit of betting largely on horse-racing, the stewards hereby give notice tbat such practices will not be tolerated in future, and that any jockey who may be reported to them for this offenoe, and who may be prov ed, to the satisfaction of the stewards, to have become engaged in betting transactions, will be liable to have bis license at once with drawn. Over trainers the Jockey Club seem determined to exercise a similar supervision. They have granted all applications to train horeee on the club lends at Newmarket with the exoeptiun of those of Charles Archer, who is reported to be in the habit of betting largely, and T. Brown. Archer's license they have declined to renew, while Brown's is ordered to etand over for future consider ation. Next week a portrait of Tom Hales, specially taken and engraved for the Sports- man by the first artiste in Melbourne, will appear, together with a short biographioal sketoh of tbe most successful jockey in Australia. Ms. P. B. Coolin's stud bone, The Hook, has arrived from Adelaide, and will be sub mitted to auction along with tbe rest of Mr. Coglin'e stud on the 10th March. Helens has been sent back to Adelaide, where she will be treated to a spell at grass. It ia notified that applications for the posi tion of secretary of the Victoria Trotting Club will be received up to 25th February. Tub Victorian Trotting Club hare issued a programme of two trotting and three racing events for St. Patrick's Day, the 17th March. Particulars appear in our advertising columns. By advertisement it is announced that the privileges in connection with the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting will be sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, the 26th web, at 12 noon. The Warrnambool Raring Club will hold a two days' meeting on the 29th April and 1st May. £540 is divided among eleven events, the prinoipal item bring tbe Warr nambool Handioap Steepleohase of 120 eora. Full details appear iu our advertising oolnmns. D. Callaohan announces that he has foar loose boxes to let near tbe Flemington course. Ik the Hawkeburn Handioap, on Satur day, Ironmaster and Agitation were plaoed second and third by the judge, bnt the numbers were subsequently altered, and the poritions reversed. The several sales of yeariinga to be held during the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting are advertised in onr columns to-day. On Friday, the 29th instant, the Willow Vale and taoeby yearlings will oome up for sale, ooneieling of 2 oolte and 3 fillies by Proto- Martyr, and 7 oolts and 3 fillies by King Tom. On tbe 3rd March the Bryan O'Lynn yearlings will be amongst those under tbe hammer, Newminster being repre sented by 3 colts and 4 fillies, Slanderer by 3 oolts and 1 filly, and King of the Anglers by 1 colt and 3 fillies. Amongst tbe lots to be offered are half-sisters to Filibuster and Odd Triok, and a half-brother to Colstoun. There will also oome np for sale on Mr. Phillips' aooonnt Com motion's two-year-old b elf-brother, Ex- minister ; Pell Mell'e half-brother, Prime Minister ; and Sportive and Aroadia, both of whom are daughters to Newminster. Mr. Alexander Smith sends np from the Lindenow stud a batch of 8 yearlings— viz., a oolt and 2 fillies by Proto-Martyr and 3 colts and 2 fillies by Don Giovanni, amongst them being a foil brother to Don Quixote, a half-brother to Dirk Hatteraiek, and full sisters to Leperello, Liddington, and Don Pedro. Mr. C. E. Umphelby has only a couple to send np for aale on the eame date, bnt they are both the progeny of the onoe great chaser, Sussex ; wd Mr. Brown's lot comprise a half-sister to Archie, a colt and a filly by Ambassador, and a colt and|2 fillies by Stationer. Oothe7thMarohtbe Cairn Corran and Glenormiston yearlings will be the attrac tion, Mr. Bryant bringing up for notice 6 colts bj the defunct Tim Whiffler and a colt and 3 filliee by Irish King, while Mr. Ffnlays contributions to the catalogue are 23 yean lings, a couple of two-year-olds, half ft dozen three-year-olds, and a six- year-old half- brother to Bordeaux and Glenonniston The young stock include full sisters to The Queen and Napier, and half -risters to Bella- drum aud Egertos. 