LUNATIC LYRICS. [BT MASCH HARE.] No. 21. THE FAMILY GHOSTS. Country people are apt to boast Of owning a good old family ghost; But the Hilton-Hiltons, of Halton Hoo, Were the proud possessors, I'm told, of two, Who arm in arm would be seen to glide Whenever a Hilton-Hilton died. Old Hamilton Hilton-Hilton lay A-dying one shadowy aotumn day, And he charged his heir with his fleeting breath. Ere he closed his eyes in the sleep of death, " Let all my servants retain their posts. And do not mortgage the family ghosts." Alas, alas, for the rising race ! The heir cared naught for the ancient place ; He sacked the faithful retainers all. He pawntd the pictures from off the wall, He sold the volumes upon the shelves, And the ghosts at last bad the house to themselves. Sii^Barnabj Bioks, a city knight, Built a stately hall on a neighbouring height. And bis rooms were filled with the gems of art, Purchased in many a foreign mart; There was all, Indeed, that the soul could want, But a fan.ily ghost the hall to haunt. Safd Binks t<> the Hilton- Hilton heir, " Ton hold of ghosts I am told a pair; It to split the brace you are somewhit loth, Jutt name your price and I'll tak« 'em bo:h ; Of modern spectres I'm offered hosts. But I want a couple of family ghosts." The price was narked and the sale was made, A priest was hired and the ghosts were laid, And not to lengthen this halting verse Sir Barnaby carted them home in a hearse, And he turned them loose with a purse-proud smile, And bade them " walk" in their wonted style. Ton may lead a horse to the water's brink, But you certainly cannot make him drink ; Ton may catch a nightingale on the wing, But you certainly cannot make her sing ; Yon may buy your family ghosts to stalk, But you certainly cannot make them " walk." Sir Barnaby filled his hall with friends, Society's tagrag, odds and ends— And he promised them all as a special sight, That his " family ghosts" should walk that night And the guests lay quaking the sheets between, But never a glimpse of the ghosts was seen. That night, as the clock in the old Church tower, Sounded slowly the midnight hour, A shepherd who watched on an upland farm, Saw a couple of ghosts walk arm in arm, In haste, like folks having much to do, From Sir Barnaby's Hall to Halton Hoo. 