MALMSBURY C. C. ENTER- TAINMENT. A grand entertainment in aid of the funds of the Malmsbuiy Cricket Club was given in the Town Hall last night. There was a crowded audience and standing room was at a premium, so that the club should reap a handsome benefit. Punctually at eight o'clock, Mr Z. Lane appeared on the stage, and introduced the Hon- J. B. Patterson who had specially come from Melbourne in response to the club's invitation to be present. Mr Patterson, who was received with ringing cheers, said that it afforded him great pleasure to be present, and took occasion to t.liMilr the people of Malmsbuiy for their veiy cordial reception of him by their municipal representatives. He trusted the entertainment would be a success as it was for the cricket club. He had voyaged out with the English cricketers, and had had a great deal of cricket on the way. He liked to encourage the game because it induced suppleness of body, quickness of eye and soundness of judgment, while it gave a gentlemanly tone to those who engaged in the game. It was said by Wellington that the cricketers of England won Waterloo ; cricket taught players ot control their tempers; it required the practice of abstemiousness of life, and therefore deserved to be encouraged. As the programme was so lengthy he would at once introduce.it.;. The following was the programme ;— Pianoforte dnet, Miss Horsfield and Miss M Shepherdson; song, " Excelsior," Mr B. Pearce; " Chinese Opera," Mr D. Brown; song, " Still I Love Thee," Mrs Garner; song, " The Ting, Ting, Ting," Mr G. Bingham; recitation " The Lifeboat," Mr Vivian ; vocal duet (comic), Messrs Middle ton and Brown; song, The Sailor's Flag," Air Murray ; song (local), Mr J. B. Shepherdson; pianoforte solo. Misi Adamson; song (comic,), Wouldn't you like to be Me ?" Mr Fretwell ; song, " IB My Darling True to Me?" Miss Lana; "The Street Musician," Mr Middleton ; song, " Willo'-the-Wisp," Mr Bell; song, "Nobody's Darling but Mine," MrG. Bingham; song, "Carrier John." Mrs Garner; '-The SmartBoy," Mr Middleton and Mr Brown. Each item was well rendered and received, and encores wonld have been numerous had not Sir Patterson protested at the outset. The accompaniments were brilliantly played by Miss Adamson and the Misses Shepherdsqn. The entertainment concluded with the amusing farce, " The Spectre Bridegroom; or A Ghost in spite of Himself," in which the following ladies and gentlemen took part;—Miss Horsfield, Misa M. Shepherdson, Mr F. G. Armstrong, Mr Jobson. Mr, F. T. Shepheson, Mr Townsend, and Mr Vivian. The farce was provocative of plenty of amusement and ins ą fittjeg conclusion te a successful entertainment. TAKING " A BŁSE" OUT OF OLD TIME!"—Dyeing your old faded clothes and dresses withJndson'e Dyes. Benoyatsng our picture frames with Hudson's Gold Faint enamelling yamfeadfiQQ^stav&B;, and fixs-irons ith Jndm'0 Anufe' £«)4 evexylfWł 1 •••.••:• 