TTHAT AIR ?GUN ! SO?B EXPERIENCES OF OUR NEW CIIUCI .REPORTER. "Onn New Chum Reporter, who has been very sedate-not to say sad-lately, ap \pears to have something on his conscience. 'Vhenever Sergeant Finnegan passes our ifront door he (our N.O.R.) finds urgent ibusiness in the back yard, and he rather :shrinks from familiar conversation with Sorgeant.DIck or his once bosom friend, lInspector Thorpe. WVhen he sees a small boy accompanied by a man with a stick, hb :goes away and he has reveries about the Iharmless domostic cat and the useful fowl ,which somewhat puzzle us. So we asked him yesterday to confide his seorrows to us and he did. "You know,"ho said, ' that lam an ardent tsportsmar, and I can never get away for a 'day's shooting, which grieves me. I saw :that the neighbourhood was infested willth ,cats, curs, goats, and a hungry race of fowlts that devour anything from a butten *on a child's jacket to a shirt on ra ,olothesline. I though I would LeOa benefactor to my species if I ki:led •some of these vermin, but not being very sure of my powers with a real gun I did enothing. A friend, however, showed me -an air gun the other day, and rit seemed just the thing I wanted. ;It made no noise; it sent off a )little bullet just big enough to make :a cat meditative, and to send a goat away ?n a hurry, but not sufficient to .kill a :-human being. Well, I bought that gun, and now I don't like to tell anyone I have .HL You see there is no noise about it, and when a fowl gets aroused by it from a coal. heap, she thinks it's ghosts. But when ithe owner starts an inquiry as to the origin of sundry leaden bullets found imbedded in ;his Sunday chicken, I begin to feel uneasy. One day I was shooting at a cat in your hack yard, and did not hit it; but one 'of your employees howled a little, jumped .a little, and then cuffed an oflice boy for *pinching his calf. He afterwards exhibited .a bullet, about the size of a pea, which he :had extracted from his flesh with a pen knife. He is rather miserable, because he :?thinks hle is suffering from a new kind of <disease. Ile can't understand how lead .scan get into a man's leg without a previous -explosion of powder. I am sorry my aim is bad, because I can't :afford to pay for all the window panes in the neighbourhood. What affinity there is between leaden pellets and glass I don't ;know; but I do know this, that overy .time I fire that unfortunate gun there is a shivering sound as if crockery is being thrown around loose. Then the children will get between cats mnd myvengsaico, after wltih they howl to ethnir mothers that something has bitteun ethem. But cats bear a charmed life and :invulnsrable hides. I shoot at one old ,black Tom every day, and, I believe, if I ·did not do it of a morning he would come round and remind me, missing his mnatutinal dose of lead. He sits on an outhouse and ~grines at me. I fetch the gun, get within ten yards of. him, and fire. lie jumps up, looks around, stares at me superciliously, Snd then quietly walks away. Even if he ran, it would be some satisfaction, but he Ssimply saunters off, as much as to say I: I .don't mind one little bit of lead a day, but two or three might disagree with me." There is some fun in shooting goats and eowle, because they make such a 'fuse. Nauny, as soon as she feels a pellet, leaves off negooiating decayed cabages and rushes ;for the nearest fence, head first. She seems :to think that a right-of-way or lane is not :romantic enough as a means of escape from *danger, and prefers trying to effoot an en 'rance through a solid brick wall or six feet :1palings. As for the domestic fowl and her husband, 'when they aire disturbed at a feast among the refuse in your yard they raise -enough clamour to wake the dead. They -don't seem able to discuss a thing and have •done'with it, but keep nagging at each .other for an hour or two. For instance, half a doien hens and a cook are browsing -around, when one is struck suddenly (with never mind what). She jumps up with a .clacking as if she had been disappointed rabout an egg, and at once blamos another hen for peeking at her. The latter indig mantly denies the charge, and the two go ,at it like two old wnsherwomen. Then the .cooklr interferes, and the whole family leave :the refuse contemptuously as if they had been insulted. I dare say there is some fun in all this to •uan observant fellow, but I am afraid of the *day of reckoning. I calculate that air gun •has broken a dozen winudow pane s; charged a:sevoral human calves with lead ; disturbed the friendly relations of several families of .eowls; given the cats of the neighbourhood ,considorable amusement; made tise goats ranxious; soared my own faeieily into a state .of nervous debility ; and made the young ,sters in the neighbourhood believo that *there are hobgoblins about who pinch them ;in the legs. Luckily, I have nt killed any one yet. 