To tlie Editor of The CMtroh of England Messenger. Sir — In your issue of last month a correspondent, in advocating very great freedom of intercourse and communion between the Church of England and non- Episcopalian Christian communities in the colony, urgeB that the nineteenth of our sixteenth century' articles, while declaring that the Churches of Rome and the East have erred, is silent as to such non-Episcopalian bodies, and that such silence is. significant in the favour of the latter. It is because I think your correspondent has mistaken the drift of the nineteenth article that I ask you to insert this letter. 1\. In the sixteenth century, when non- Episcopalian Christian com munities first arose, their founders, m all sincerity, argued some what as follows : — ' The society called the Catholic Church professes to be the Church which Christ founded. So subversive is' it, however, of His teaching that it is more probably the Anti- Christian Babylon of the Apocalypse. As far as in us lies we must destroy it root and branch ; and it is our duty and only hope to repudiate the past 1500 years, and originate a new Christendom, to be in accordance with scriptural truth and simplicity.' Thus the old Catholic Church was utterly rejected. The new congregations chose, and themselves con ferred upon those whom they chose, a new ministerial commission and authority. The houses of prayer were changed into houses of preaching, the pulpit taking the place of the altar ; and the old forms of worship and liturgies were entirely done away with. 2\. The reformers of the Anglican Church argued somewhat as follows : — ' The society called the Catholic Church professes to be the Church which Christ founded. History supports its claim, for it has undoubtedly come down to us in unbroken succession from Hia apostles, and it is on its testimony alone that we receive the Scriptures as His word. But though He promised indefectibility to His Church He did not promise infallibility. And judged by those Scriptures which it has itself carefully transmitted to us from Him, it has fallen into grave errors. What can we do 1 We have no fresh commission or authority from Him to found a new and better Christian society. We must therefore cherish the Church we have received from Him through His apostles whilst we carefully eliminate its errors.' And as far as England was concerned they did so. The same threefold order of ministers was retained, only those being accounted clergy who were ordained by the bishops of the ancient Church, and their duly consecrated successors. The old liturgy was continued, trans lated, and thoroughly — though cautiously — revised. Many of the old forms of worship and the arrangement of the churches were perpetuated ; for ' the chancels shall remain as they have done in time past.' . . Now, the nineteenth article is one explanation of the Anglican : reformers for having made any changes in their own branch of that great historical religious society which the dawn of the sixteenth century found spread throughout the world, It does not enter into the question of those new Christian com munities which have just arisen outside the pale of ancient Christendom. It says, indeed, that certain churches hav-e erred, but in so doing it recognises them as being, with the Church of England, true branches of Christ's' eternal Catholic Church. The thirtieth of our canons illustrates this in these words : — ' So far was it from the purpose of the Church of England to forsake and reject the Churches of Italy, France, Spain, Germany, and any suchlike Churches, that it only departed from them in those particular points : wherein they were fallen both from themselves in their ancient integrity and from the apostolical churches, which were their first founders.' Now, our formularies nowhere in such wise recognise nonEpisco palian communities, but simply deprecate their respective errors, as occasion arises— e.g.., the Presbyterian theory is repudiated in the preface to the ordinal ; the ordinary Protestant opinion as to the sacraments being only ' badges or tokens,' or' signs,' is rejected in the twenty-fifth, twenty-seventh, and twenty-eighth articles, &c.; But what is the consequence of the Anglican Church recognising on the one hand those Churches mentioned in the nineteenth article, and on the other failing to recognise the non-Episcopalian communities 1 One consequence is this : A minister of one of these latter communi ties has not (not being confirmed) the status with us of one of our ordinary communicant laymen. Should one of their ministers — no matter how learned, efficient, and experienced — wish to enter our ranks, his sectarian ordination cannot be taken into consideration ; he must first be ordained deacon, then in due course he will be ordained to be (what, therefore, he was not before) ' a priest in the Church of God.' For our clergy are ordained to be ministers not of the Church of England, but of the ' one Catholic Apostolic Church' —'receive the Holy Ghost for the office of a priest in the Church of God.' On the other hand, wide as is our divergence from Rome as to , certain doctrines, the most humble clergyman of the Roman or Eastern Churches wishing to enter our ranks needs no ordination according to our laws ; he is already ' a priest in the Church of God.' Tour correspondent will therefore perceive that, judging from the practice of our Church, he must have drawn a wrong deduction from the nineteenth article. . _ We can surely sympathise in many practical ways with our Chris tian brethren of the Protestant sects in all their good work for our common Master ; but our Church does not admit that their ministers are ordained with Christ's commission. We cannot, therefore, receive the true benefit of Christ's ordinances from their ministra tions.— I am, &c;, W. Kennedy Bhodribb. 30th July. 