Melbourne Sporting 'Gossip. BY. '-CASPIAN. NEWMARKET, Tuesday; SINCE my arrival at headquarters there has been little - doing of that1 interesting nature concerning equine affairs. whioh so interests readers of the JOUKNAL ooluinhft. Having taken up my abode at the snug hostelry of Sam Davis, at Newmarket, I at onoe betook myself to Flemington, the rendezvous of most sporting folk, but during my stay continuous rain baa rendered the different tracks at Flemington tin fitted to gallop, consequently slow work has been the order of eaoh morning, and in Büch cheerless win tri« fled weather that it made visitors from " Sunny New South Wales" wish they were back onoe more en joying the genial climate of the.parent colony.: Com mencing with the Hunt Club Spring Meeting visitors had a foreoast of the weather, and from then until this day nothing but rain, rain, all day has followed. Tho New South "Wales and South Australian horses Buffered considerably from this olimatio ohange, and Borne that won novor thought they possessed a ghost of a ohauoe. Flemington has undergone a few ohanges since my visit last July, most notably hoing a nico carriage drive for members above tho ordinary or old approach to tho oourse, while the hill whioh tho publio descended from the Biccoourse Hotel has been considerably levelled, making the descant an asoent much more easy for pasBongors ; whilo the lawn, with its richly huéd parterres of flowers, is wearing its best spring toilette. Taking mattera with a serious view, every thing looks moro pleaHant, and a gathering resplen dent with all the customary pomp and show of the "southern city" may safely bo anticipated next month. . . The first day of the V.. A. T. Club spring mooting waa unfortunately marred by the inolemont aspect of the elements, the whole place being deluged in water. Notwithstanding this state of affairs, the receipts of tho club woro greater than last Gnineas Day, when the weather was fine. Mr. N. R. D. Bond, the ener getic secretary, had left no etono unturned, so far as he was concerned, to make tho reunion a BUCCOBS ; biat his efforts were, to a certain extent, frustrated,! However, it is a "long lane that has no turning ;" j and next Saturday I fully expoct the largest con course of people «vcr assemblai at Caulfield to wit ness the day's racing. Tho Caulfield Cup, whioh is the piece de resistance of oho reunion, ia now reduced to 30 acceptors ; but I don't think more than a ncore will face tho starter, nerhaps five and twenty. Malua heads the Hst with Oat 121b, and reported thoroughly fit and well ; but I cannot see, good boree as ho ia and owner in tho saddle, how he can boat aomo of the lighter weights, nor give Martini-Henry 81b. Tho ' latter lookB well, and each morning docs all that is askod of him. Despot, in the samo stable, is also an acceptor ; but I don't think, judging from his work, that he is required, consequently I pin my faith to the son of Musket, whom I loos upou as a great horse with any weight over a mile and a half. Fryingpan is in recoipt of 21b from the Now, South Wales crack, and good a horse aa tho eon of Sar.oepan has given us illustration of over short journeys with heavy imposts, I don't j think ho can beat " Martini." Hastings now oarriea 8s 41b, which, with his BÍZO and power, should not stop him. Since his sojourn at Flemington no horse could have done better, and whatever beats him will about win. Kingwood and Despot I do not care for, and think the last quarter of a milo will discover Boolka wanting, although possessing undeniable pace ; still, if the first part: of the journey is made Blow he would trouble hi« field. Rapid is in rare heart, and did all that han been asked of him ; but he does not take very kindiy to the Caulfield course, whioh will be the trouble with most of our hornes. Capri will have to display better form than ho did last Saturday for me to stand by, and Ifanoy Coul etoun, who ia a better class, must easily beat him. If this horse has been tried, as I learn from reliable sonroes, with Precious Stone, then his party are justified in backing him so extensively; but suffering defeat from an. animal like Kit Nubbles, to whom ho. gave 221b, does not look like Caulfield Cup form. Certainly he was a trifle big, and the extra three weeks will do tho " sensational horse of the year " a great deal of good. When one hearB of the owner bringing him from his quarters in a special train, his chance indeed must be "rosy ;" and I look to him as one of tho placo winners. Bri tisher, who ran so well at Hawkesbury, and after wards in tho Metropolitan, has a similar weight, and learning that he never looked bettor and has done a satisfactory preparation, he will be very troublesome at the finish; so will Battailous, who I know to bo a regular flyer when in the humour. Claptrap and Vorgy at 7st 71b éaoh are asked to carry a handy raoing weight, and, if either only run up to their private trials we may expect a most exciting race, v orgy certainly did a great gallop last week, and keeps on improving ; besides he is a good strong useful sort of horse, and must nearly win. After him, I like Bend Or, Privateer,. Signor, Norfolk, Tlie Agent, and Helene. Lavington ia a good honest colt, but I fancy he will be outclassed ; while Lord Wilton, although spoken of as uncertain, appears to go as well as anything at Flemington, besides being in excellent condition. Now, having expressed myself rather oonoisly of the candidates, it behoves me to make a selection, whioh ia aa follow : . VERGY, 1 ; HASTINGS, 2; COLSTOUN, 8; To be followed home by Fryingpan, Martini-Henry, and Battailous. SELLING EACH.-Hannibal, Tumult, or Milos. SECOND HURDLE ; RAÖE,-Sinking Fnhd, Ontario, Soobeloff, Fishhook best outaidèr. NURSERY HANDICAP.-Wilson's beBt, Wolseley, Violet. . WiNDSORHANDiCAP.-i-Anarohy,Prodigal,Country. man. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.} MELBOURNE, Thursday night. There is little noticeable change in betting quo tations. Offers to take 500 to" 20 by the owner of Bend Or find no acceptor. Bargo has hardened.for he Derby, 3 to 2 being now beBt offer, Uralla ands friends for the Maribyrnong Platè at 100 to 16.; Melodías, 100 to 12. Cairo has receded, while Burrelda has come into favour. Tho following are probable starters and riders for tho Caulfield Cup :. Horse. Wght. I st lb i 0 12 I 9 il 2 4 .2 a 1 0 13 ll 7 ll; 7 9. 6 13 6.13 ,6 ll 0*11 6 ll 6 10 6.10 . 6 10. Jockey. Eùlf Power Nicholson Traban . Hales Olds Gallagher .O'Brien Burton Fallon . Williamson . G.. Williams Moore Robertson C. Hutchens Cupitt ?Nicholson Gough G. Williams J. William» Gaghan . Flannigan Walker Sanders: J). O'Brien Weazeli 