TALK ABOUT lWN. So the Holidays aro ovor at last, V.wotl! fco a curious and not altogether unotfOth Bu 4 1 to find out how many different cInsN.s 2' pooplo are intensely grateful for that samo fao."' First of all, thoro aro youthful swains, whoso devotion '.to their lady-iovos is doopor than tbe amount of coin uudor which their bottom dollar lies buriod. How thoir hoarU must loop with joy. Each succoestvo holiday has brought with it oomo calculation, ouch as this: 44 Woll, if I go down tho Bay to-morrow, and I suppose I will— (Flaog it j girls Aire exponaive luxurios)— I must leave my landlady unpaid for a wook or two moro. Then aftor that I must try and pay tho tailor (who novor troubles younggentlomen for money till thoy can pay without any incouvonionco nay inconvenience whatever, my dear sir.) If it hadn't beon for Lia I shouldn't havo -' gono in for this now suit.' Then there is tho paterfamilias, who has submitted to o&ch; fresh incursion upon his purao, not patiently always, but with occasional grumbling and with won dering as to- whother tho holidays novor were coming to an end. Then thero aro the goutlo- men who havo woakly yiolded to tho impor tunities of thoir bottsr halves, "and iuyitod 44 mamma" toupoud a Christmas with them But it isneodlcca to go on. The holidays are gono now, nnd at heart wo are all— ovoryono of us— thankful It is remarkable how at holiday timos tho chief of tho hoasohold paya without a murmur tho greater expenses of the festivity and thou flatly refuses to pay for the trifles which aro almoBt as essential to its succes. He pays willingly for tho ship and then i declares that tho ha'porth of tar will ruiu him, Sometimes he does not Ratty refuse, but re sorts to stratagomto escape paying for smallor itoma of exponas in n day's outing. Ou one of the pleasure steamers going down the Bay yostorday I saw a vory barofucod instance of this sort of duplicity. On deck was sooted a weary looking wotnnn, , with a baby in her arms and so von or eight tirod, peevish childrou "of outsorted size'' cliuging about her and endoavoriug to wriug tho ainnll rosiduo of vitality out of her, Sho looked us thoroughly sick of tho 44 picnic pleasantries" anaihematisod by Ghas, Lamb 'as anyone I over saw in my life. Sho called her husband, und said, in a 41 braid" Scotch nccont, 44 Gang down and toteli iuo a cupo' ton, Donnl', for I'm vora weary wi' tho noiso an' tho worry an' the children." Now I had beou down below mysolf just before, and am prepared to swear boforo any shallow J,!\ quotum, and cuttos rutulorum iu tbo Colony o? Victoria that thoro was not ono eonl at the ro- freshmont bar. Prosontly tho gentleman who had been dismissed on this errand camo back with a countenance exprossivo of tho deepest sorrow, and said, 44 1 could'na got near tho plnco to be served bccauaoo! the cvmU, " £ indulge in a littlo sportmanship now and then— philological I mean— word hunting most pooplo call it — and tho other day Itame across a most delightfully original and ingenious word root. Diviug for the bottom of slang term?, so to spoak, is my special delight, and I think whoovor 44 guessed and calculated " that "Masher " had its origin in tho French phrase, ma chere, "guessod and calculated" wittily and correctly. Tbo phrase boing feminine, would account for tho contemptuous moaning of the word. It is wonderful from what a rospectablo ancestry the shabbiest of elang terms may sometimes bo found to have sprang. For instance, who would imagine that terribly jumped-up Yankoo word "skodaddle" to have come of a good Greek family. Yet it ia nono other than "skedao," to make tracks, tho acquaintance of oar childhood to tho fore again, tho sire ropro ducod in tho son. Memo.— Oan any of my modern furnteh . mo with a root for tho word "dado" with oven an appoaral .coof probability about it. The inventor of Holloway's Pills has gono to liis long homo at last. De mortuiu nil nisi banum is a very good maxim in a general way, and looks remarkably woll as a hoadllno for a copybook, but thoro are grudges of too long standing to bo buried oasily with thoir object. Of theso are tho footings I entertain towards Dr Thomas Holloway, tho cause of nearly all tbe rough-and-ready physicking ! waaeubjoctod to in my childhood. No soouor ia ho in hi gravo than overyone proceeds to forget tho pangs, tbe knocking together of the knees, tbo pallid cadaverons countenances, tho thousand unnatural ills that physicked flesh is neir so, wmcn no anu ais advertisements havo inflioted on thorn, and straightway to eulogise hia munificent gifts to public institu tions. Pah I As well might" the murderer who ia moved by haunting ghosts to offor up hia spoils at the shrine of a popular saint , expect evorlasting bliss for a reward as Mr Holloway to got credit in tho Eternal ledger for his (donations. Tho colossal boqnests to churches ore simply a Titanic insurance ngaiust fire. Tho Virginia Water Sanatorium nothing more that a conscience-smitten at tempt to mako reparation for tho wrongs of a lifotimo. To characterise him as a mere patent medi cine vendor would, howover, be to aso him most despitofully. He is, to say tho loast of it, something in tho lino of a religious dignitary. How many no unfortunate, after a spreo, has sought to make his peaco with the powers of Qoavon and earth (moaning thoroby his wifo) by taking a hoary doeo of the nauseous compounds. Gould a bettor teat of his pani- tenco have been devised by tho wifo of his bosom? "Very well, ray dosr," one can ima. gine tho autocrat of four wonthorboard rooms saying, "If you moan what yon say, bay me a new bat and take a dose of Holloway's, and wo won't say nnythiog moro about it." . Now from all ports of tho colony ggps up to Hoavon tho annual plaint about-!, domestio servants 1 Now doe every mistress between tho Mnrray and tho Heads declare that of all womon sho is tho most unfortunate in hor selection of Bridgets, Now does she bewail ovor ill-cookod food, over soup buried deep nndor flowing fat, over ton stewed to a black ness flliko that of Erebus, vege tables that would drive an ostrich to Hop Bitters as a romody for indigestion, bottloB of spirits that ovaporato with bewildering rapidity, vanishing ribbons, and change that positively, absolutely, flatly refasos to oomo right, Fair play! Iam not an enthusiast on any ono point ; I believe and I honestly like to boar both sides of ovory qnoation. All tho year round it is a state of open war botwoon mistresses and servants, and no quarter givon on either part. Sorvauta (there areoxcoptioneadmit)ardinthis coantry dospe. ratoly overworked, arescandaloufilylodgod, and if they aro well fod in many cases tbe fault rests entirely with themsolvos. They are seldom or never mado frionds of by thoir mis tresses, ore not conslderodliu nny ono way, are expected to undertake unlimited responsibility, and household for hoasohold, aronot any better, paid than thoir sisters in England. It is thoir iiminga now whon "holp" is absolutely unob .ainable, and can woblamo thorn vory much for making tho boat of it? .Wo bavo among us at last that creature of American civilisation, tho Doctorcss— Doctcix, I suppose, sho ought to be called. So far so good But tho advertisomoAt also states that travelling with hoc aro two notod specialists, who ore prepared to onro tbo million of any of tho forms of sicknosa with which tho million may bo afiHotod.Thoso gontlemen may bavo su- potnaturahkill in tho diagnosing auderadication of dlseaW for anything I know to tho coutrary; bub at all ovonta thoy aro American in thoir 'training -and as suoh aro not entitled to "praclico in this colony, and tbe taking of fco3j by thqm is an offonce'against tho law,, if pro- , cedent i count .for anything. -Evoryoqe ro-j ? "coUqcU the s tic that was made whoa u rpv.l gentleman of tho namo of Daip, vaoisbod from tho colony and ro turned in a fow months, a fully fledged and (according to Yankee idoas) duly qualified medical practitioner, requesting to bo admitted to practice in tho colony, ?Uo w-b lo modest. Ho should havo anuounctl himOlf M a celebrated physician, who was willing .t Bocrifico all hi prospects in life by iymfininff hjs shining abiHtios to eo small a sphere as the City of Melbourne. Ho might then havo been rwccivod with opon arms. THE DHIEL, 