Josh Billing's Philosophy. Tiiaiik iz no nutcii thing m Kqimlily— it h me jo chip trap \o talk about it ; no two tilings hnv urcr boon n.ailti equal, uud, if they had boon, they wouldn't remain so morn than 10 ilnys at longest. Knimtncinin is often honost ennff, and this i/. what mnkes it so dnngcrniis. The tnnu or woman who V- drpnt just wuil oTiufl' to --sl-a|)D nutiKs, iz drost in tho voi V hiifht of euniiibltt fusliimi. karakter ; but the wurst man I uvur knu htulfliaaaonJiunjus.uiininaniiig and inno cent or. n pun ov tliiin milk. One drop ov korosono ilo will scent ii mountain eprins, just so onu lie will pizun thu air ov a wimlu lmborhood. Thurc is nothing wo work so hard to gniu, liit so littlo fur our lubor, nnd liold so insckurely, az worldly fnmo. ? Our onbniys aro often onr best fiionds ; they tell us truth that our friends dare not. Next to snmthing to cat, the most im portant thing in this life is to bo obiigodto earn it. Without enthusiasm or ktiriosily, man iz no bettor than « tramping ghost. Krroriz fornvor trfuing' to (irovo itsolf fight ; if possible, it iz wuss than jgnoranso or hipokrnay,' Tharc never liar, been but few Iioros and homines in the -norld, and novcr will bo, but tlie supply Imss nllwnss been equal to tbo demand, and probably ailwuss will bo, If wo fcarch ourscifs clusi wa shnll bo sure to Gnd that wo hnv, in profusion, tho vory fimlts wo detest tile most in others. Fear, in excess, is not only a weakness, but a torriblo torment; just enuff ov it to keep ub prudent is hollhy. The man who haiut got phnith, liaint got enny thing alse that ho iz certain ov. If the good people ov the world would only make virtcw nz nttrnktivo m sin iz 'mnd«, they could rout tho devil at all points. Out ov tho lioB that nro traveling around it iz astonishing .as few fuitrnta.nnot tlinro are, 1 begin to think that lioing liaz seen its best days. All thn inspiration tharc over waz, or ever will be, on earth iz truth. Enny nun wh» utters truth to inspired, Surfeit Iins killed 10 thousand, while Starrosliiin lm» not killed one,' Mi dear ?nhoilow, a 3-kornurod thing won't fit a Eq uan- hole ; you needn't try to make it. BERRIDALE Public School. —It is said that Mr.'- A. Scanlan has been oflered.tho dharg« of i school !' Down- tlic-Mountain/' and that he is aboutto leave Bsrridalo. To-morrow {Thursday) night, the Rev. E. Bitwtt will lecture in dooms, Sohool of Arts on tho HipUhdi nf BcotUnd, and give b series of magic lantern views, At thw Mudgee Railway banqnet, Sir John Robertson spoke of Mr. A. G. Taylor, M.P., an 'one. of the most . occomphihed spankers in the icpnntiy." The Uiga Standard reports that one of Mr. . G. Hsslingden'i children nsrrnwly escaped being poisoned tJirough drinking* bottle of lotion on the 8th -instant. Doder Mr. Bi^ney'scare, the child soon reoovered, In fiyfiuoy, Mr. Stiles' bollock, weiifhing ifiOSlbs., was void for£27 16«.^ and Mr. T*rlintotj's 1400 lb. bullock for £25 Si. ? In tno AsWmbly,. Mr^ Abpott, in -eply to'a qneition said'lhat th'e numWr. of shwp, Jespwrture^ in osch of. the threo -3tvisjpDi iof'iOie. colony. -as bs follows ;f-E«torn, , |[S.b86-8ffi- ; Centrsl, 11,669,01^; Mettem, TLBtO,013. . The.n»imbor*)f «ittle Mi,a follows :; —Eastern, 1,202,100 jiOeotral, ? 308.911) Western, 129,742. The snnoont *fi rtnt paid annnslly lor pwtorsl lessos wfcs-in the Eastern DirisioD. £38,091 ; in the CfintnU Division, £120,174 IO«. ; and in the Wwtern Division, £107,83^. .^Oib' iB%uoiit of rent pud annntJly for snlction JtMq in the pcntral Division wssL«8St3 'Hi. Ipd,, and in the Western^pivison jtS5. '? ;tt!Jie amount jift-apt prnJummM-ior pr»- leases in the E»»ton andCentnl Divisious ?»M r£i6,690 0* 9d. : «sch,* wd *In tW «ateiiti)ftWpi»'flf*»48si^l4;-ts;..v;-x^ a^d^aglsnlnaaMdltrt.teiofinierett 