Melbourne Sporting Gossip. Bt Caspian. Newxajiket, Tuesday. islNCE xny arrival at fieadquartors tnere nas Deen little doing of that interesting nature concerning equine affairs which so interests readers of the JouBNAL columns. Having tak«n up my abode at the snug hostelry of Sam Davis, at Newmarket, I at ones betook myself to HUemington, the rendezvous of most sporting folk, but during my etay continuous rain. nas rendered the different tracts at Flemington un fitted to gallop, consequently slow work has been the order of eaoh morning, and in such cheerless wintri £ed weather that it made visitors from ' Sunny New South Wales' wish they were back once moreen joying the genial climate of the parent colony. Com mencing' with the Hunt Club Spring Meeting visitors had a forecast of the weather, and from then until this day nothing but rain, rain, all day has followed. The New South ' Wales and South Australian horses Buffered considerably from this olimatio change, and some that won never thought they possessed a ghost of a chance. Flemington has undergone a few changes since my visit last July, most notably being a nice carriage drive for members above the ordinary or old approach to the oourse, while the hill which the publio descended from the Biceoourae Hotel has been considerably levelled, making the descant an asoent much more easy for passengers ; while the lawn, with its richly hued parterres of flowers, is wearing its best spring toilette. Taking matters with a serious view, every thing looks more pleasant, and a gathering resplen dent with all the customary pomp and show of the ' southern city' may safely be anticipated next month. -. Tha first day of the T. A. T. Club spring meeting was unfortunately marred by the inclement aspect of the elements, the whole place being deluged in water. Notwithstanding this state of affairs, the reoeipts of the club were greater than last Guineas Day, when the weather was fine. Mr. N. E. D. Bond, the ener getic secretary, had left no stone unturned, so far aa he was concerned, to make tho reunion a sncceBS ; but his efforts were, to a certain extent, frustrated, However, it is a 'long lane that has no turning ;' and next Saturday I fully expect the largest con course of people ever assembled at Canlfield to wit ness the day's racing. The Caulfield Cup, which is the piece de resistance of the reunion, is now reduced to 30 acceptors ; but I don't think more than a score will face the starter, Derhaps five and twenty. Malua beads the list with 9st 121b, and reported thoroughly fit and well; but I cannot see, good horse as he is and owner in the saddle, how he can beat some of the lighter weights, nor give Martini-Henry 81b. The bitter looks well, and each morning does all that is asked of him. Despot, in the same stable, is also an acceptor ; but I don't think, judging from his work, that he is required, consequently I pin my faith to the Bon of Musket, whom I Iook upon as a great horse with any weight over a mile and a half. Fryingpan is in receipt of 2Ib from the New South Wales crack, and good a horse as the son of Saucepan has given us illustration of over short journeys with heavy imposts, I coa't think he can beat ' Martini.' Hastings now carries 8s 41b, which, with, his size ^nd power, should not stop him. Since his sojourn at Flemington no horse could have done better, and whatever beats him will about win. Eingwood and Despot I do not care for, and think the last quarter of a mile will discover Boolka wanting, although possessing undeniable pace ; still, if the first part of the journey is made slow he would trouble his field. Rapid is in rare heart, and did all that has been asked of him ; but he does not take very kindiy to the Caulfield. u»u-«u, whioh will be the trouble with most of our horeea. C&Dri; will have to dierjiav better form than he did last Saturday for me to stand by, and I fancy Coul etoun, who is a better class, must easily beat him. If this horse has been tried, as I learn from reliable) sources, with Precious Stone, then his party are justified in backing him so extensively; but suffering defeat from an animal like Sit Nubbles, to whom he gave 221b, does not look like Canlfield Cup form. Certainly he was a trifle big. and the extra three weeks will do the ' sensational horse of the year ' a great deal of good. When one hears of the owner bringing him from his quarters in a special train, his chance indeed must be 'rosy;' and I look to him as one of the place winners. Bri tisher, who ran bo wall at Hawkesbury, and af fer wardB in the Metropolitan, has a similar weight, and learning that he never looked better and has done a satisfactory preparation, he will be very troublesome at the finish ; so will Battailous, who I know to be a regular flyer when in the humour. Claptrap and Verg? at 7st 71b eaoh are asked to carry a handy raoing weight, and if either only run up to their private trials we may expect a most exciting race. Vergy certainly did a great gallop last week, and keeps on improving; besides he is a good strong useful sort of horse, and must nearly win. After him, I like Bend Or, Privateer, Signor, Norfolk. Tne Agent, and Helene. Lavington is a good honest colt, but I fanoy he will be outclassed ; while Lord Wilton, - although spoken of aS uncertain, appears to go as well as anything at Flemington, besides being in excellent condition. Sow, having expressed myself rather concisly of the candidates, it behoves me to make a selection; which is as follow -. — Vsrgy, 1 ; Hastings, 2 ; Colstotjn, To be followed home by Fryingpan, Martini- Henry, and Battailous Selling IJace— Hannibal, Tumult, or Miles. SECOiro Huedlb Sack. — Sinking Fund, Ontario, Scobeioff, Fiehhook best outsider. Nttebeet Handicap.— Wilson's best, Wolseley, Violet. Windsob Hattdicap. — Anarchy .Prodigal, Country ? man. The preliminary work for wood blocking the Nevr town-road was begun on Tuesday. As it is intended to replace the rails at present in use by new ones, a loop line is being pnt in opposite the Blind Asylum, so that the traffio can be run on a eingla line for a time to permit of the work being done. Joy in Newtown ! The oontraotore have begun operations for laying down the wooden blocks in King-street. If done at the same rate of speed as P arramatta-street was it will finished in about— (the time is too distant to think of). In the Newtown Police Court on Tuesday before Mr. G. O'Malley Clarke, S.M., Alfred Miller, John Bourke, Daniel Harcns, and John Kelly were fined 10s each for drunkenness, Frederick Bobinson 20s for riotous behaviour, John Griffin for having used obsoene language 40s, George Walker for riotous conduct 40s, and Edwin Barden for havin? kept his licensed premises, the Highbury Barn Hotel, West Botany, open on Sunday, 28th September last, for tha sale of liquor was fined £Z. A correspondent writes to us, complaining bitterly of the inconvenience that is caused to the overland passengers who travel in the express nleepinsr cars. These cara, he says, are to a large extent packed up with baggage, to the great annoyance of the travel lers. It is suggested that the Commissioner of Railways could remedy the grievance by simply issuing a notioe prohibiting the practice. We have been requested to draw attention to the unsatisfactory manner in which the roadway in Cleve land-street, Eedfern, has been repaired. The road, although having been properly levelled and ballasted, has not been laid with metal, Li consequence ol which, the road is frequently ankle- deep in mud after a slight shower of rain, aud there is a proportionate amount of dust in fine weather. The worthy alder* men are requested to besdr themselves. The so called ' St. Peters' Station ' on the Illawarra line is in Nawfcown. The Mayor of New town suggests that it be called the ' Enmore Station,' and if this is approved of by the Govern ment, the station will be known by that name. Alderman Pierce, of Newtown, wishes to know whether any steps have been taken to prevent any more Newtown residents from being ~kOled. The mayors said last night that a promise made by tho Government a long time ago is to, be carried out without delay, as orders have been given for a sub way to ba made there. The Badcliff and Bita entertainment at the Masonic Hall on Monday niieht was a great Bucoesg. We have already written in terms of warm eulogy on Mr. BadoliffaB a flautist, and Madame Bita as a vocalist and their performances last Monday night supplied no reason why we should reoant anything we have eaid on the subject. They will give another of their delightful entertainments on Thursday evening at tha _ The Muniplpal Gas Bfll has been returned to tha Legislative Assembly with amendments by the Conn* cil. jot. Alexander Finlayson, the head of the firm of Messrs. A. Fudayaon and Co., York-street. was pre. ?seated on Monday evening with a very handsome epergneanddaasert eerrioe that had been subscribed forbyhisemployeea. The presentation took place ia the warehouse of the firm on the oooarion of Mr. Finlayson'a marriage. A meeting of the oommittea ana txustetB of ti» Pwjmatta School of Arta was lwld on Honda? aight when, after seme diaoussion, the trastew agreed to allow the oommittee to borrow money si the property to the extent of two-fifths of its vaW Ehe desirableness of appealingtothe publio f or oontrf ™™^^Jwm'« at eme length. Itwaievan, tuaUy decided that subscription list* be opened, and a committee and * seoretary were appointed for thia purpose. Tbe mteting was then adjourned for a fort, night. A London correspondent eaysi The dispateh ot Austrian men-of-war to Asia. Africa, America, and Austxalia will not, it is said, be followed by colonial aoquufitiojui,the object in view beiagmw^topw teot and develop Austrian trade mdUtaht puts. ' .Jr-fi%lni?ll't dteir **» attention oflhe Mtn fater of Justice in the Legislative Assembly on Tbwu night, to an alleged brutal flogging inflicted fart SSSStilE ^^ on * *? **- ** 