Optical Illusions. 1 , 1 Whbn the eye is deceived and a person misled by things seaminq to be what they are not, it is ' Bpoken ojfis . an ' optical illusion.' Tho familiar expression that ' seeing is believing' implies that most people trust to their eyes more than to their own senses. 'I have seen it -with my own e;es ' is looked upon as an luuispuwuui, aouuviuoiug argumouii, aituougn there are a fow doubting Thomases who would add the testimony of the senso of feel ing to that of sight beforo admitting th&t; a thing is actually sor The faotsin tho oaseare that any one of eur senses may mislead us, and will do so un less we unite caution with experience. As sophists use logic to prove tho false tiue, eo the ventriloquist by ? the exercise of his art ' deceives the oar, and the sleight-of-hand per former cheats: your eyes.. How is this pos sible? : Certain rays of light coming from a distant 1 body enter the eye, and produce certain sen sations upon tho retina, whioh sensations are reported' -to- -the ..brain through tho optic nerve.-.. ? ? , The brain interprets the . signals by1 ther-oki- . of past experience, and we think we haveseen the distant object. - In fact, we have only re ceived a message from it. ? If the telegraphic operator in Washington strikes his key twice, the New York operator writes down 0, but if he strikes it three times the latter writes down S, unlesB lie fails to hear the third tiak, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led. into the mistake of writing O whore he' should ?write, S. The i signals, when correctly given, may be interpreted correotly or , inoorreotly. So tha signals correotly 'registered on , the retina aud reported to the brain may be in correctly 1 translated and - interpreted; thus resulting in an error, an illusion. Place a man and a dog sido by Bido at a distance of 20 feet, and any person with. an eye capable of distinguishing thorn will be able to tell whioh is on the right, which .on. the left. ' The eye is not easily, deceived as to position at right angles to the line of vision. Let tho man advance five feet ; it is easy to tell that the doc is farther away than the man. Next, place the man at a distance of 100 feet, the dog at 105 feet ; it is not so easily decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eye. But at COO and COO feet, respectively, it is less easy, although wo can still tell whioh is to the right and whioh to the left.- The images formed on the retina by the -same object at different dis tances are very similar, ? differing only in si?.o and distinctness: ' For this reason- it is difficult to judge of distances, 'requiring much praotice. A person standing on a straight strip of railroad is rarely ablo to tell whethor a distant: train is apprcaohing, or. receding, or at rest, so slight is the ohange in apparent size from whioh the distance is to be esti-: mated.- Upon the sea it -is . very diifioult, without long practice, to judge of distances. . - As a curious instance of inability to judge, of distances, and hence of the direotion of horizontal motion, may bo mentioned that of the governor of a. steam engine. : At a certain dhtance (say 50 feet) , the eye will seem to see the bads turning in a certain direction, but on next , looking at them this motion seems to have changed to.tlie reverse,' - and after several alternations the mind be comes 'perplexed, and finally is able to see them turning either way. An outline' drawing of 'a : cube may be made to- look like the interior or exterior at will at a considerable distance ; the real oube can be made': to do the same. Shading, perspective, &oM; are resorted to by the artist ' to give the idea of; distance. - v In the matter of .direction deception is not so easy as in distance. Our. experience tells us that if a person hits us in the back with a j ball he is probably behind, not in front of usi j ' The object seen lies in the 'same direotion as that from whioh'! the light' comes when' it . enters the eye. If by any means the direo-' tion of theray has been ohanged between the timo . when it left the objeat and tho time \- when it reaohed the eye, this rule is violated, and deception results. . When this ohange is effected;by the reflection it is attended-with more or. less loti3 of lighti ' sometimes with' distortion; ahd a little experience leads me one to suspeot a reflecting surface.' If the mirror is very perfect, the^ most careful person is liable to lie misled. The well-known ' ghost.'' is due to the 'reflection ,of a' strongly Ughtcid figure from a plate of unailveied glaBa. Many of the best tricks, with floating heads and.the .like, are arranged with mirrors. Ko illusions are more perfect than those produccd-with 'mirrors..-''':' Uefr&ction; always obanges the apparent place of an object, eo that wb fieem tb see the sun after it has gone below;' the horizon. A more striking tut less frequent phenomenon of refraction is that known as mirage. Ke fraction also affects the color of an object. The media' through whioh light passes - has more or less effeot upon the ray, In a' fog objeots are dimly .seen, the effect reseiiibling that 'duo : to ; distance, hentie. objects;, look 'largur,: ior .wuo Bjro, juugco.-ui. luu at/.u ui uu objeot by multiplying.thc size of the image or impression reoeived by the square of the dis tance, - while the latter is estimated from the i indistinotness of the objeot. In: the fog 'the apparent distanoe 'is indreaBed, 'but ; the eye interprets it as . duc to the apposite cauee. ?' ? : On looking at the photograph of a tree,' a churoh', a monument, of a pyramid, it is 'not' possible to| form a correct idea of its sizo un less a man or animal is seen in . the same -view; with which to compare it. In nature, ' especially; on land, . : the . intervening objects that lead up to it give ttie data on whioh to :oaloulate': the .distance.'. Wherie - nonev inter vene; as in^looking from peak to peak, the eye must' depend' on distinctness,- and where the air is very dear and transparent,, as in Colorado, distances seem less than they are. If 'tho objeot is seen through transparent, but colored, media, the form remains truo, but the colors are, ohanged. On looking directly at the loop or curve of an incandescent lamp it irfrequently dilhoult to distinguish, its form, the whole loop being: radiant and dazzling, while, Its refieotion is so much leas brilliauttnat the form of the car-' ^bon is easily 'discovered; A wire-' or bar- of iron ;looks' much 'larger 'when- red' hot than when cold' for'thb 'same-reason,' and a fire at . night 'seems nearer, owing to its bright ness,! than -in the day.: .... . No better proof is needed of- the faot th&t; -the eye does not and oannot measure - dis tinoe,.bu^ only, gives, more orleBs imperfeot datajfrom whioh the ,mmd calculates the dis tance, than . the child'B efforts to. grasp the moon,. and of . the dog that baya at that dis-.i tant|lumii?ary whioh looks so near ; nor can any ol us, with our naked' eye,' estimiVM' the relative distances of the sun and stai..v : I The shape and color of an objeot are all thattke eye alone can report with tolerable ! aocuraoy, but by .experience , we learn to dis- 1 tinguish the texture, of substance, -, tbe nature i of services, and: many other things that belong i more -properly ']to -the::sense of touob. We-i dtstinguith satin from -velvet and wool from I icotton at a. glance. The painter's art largely | conslsts in deceiving the eye ; in- so 'mixing i and blending his pigments that they produce I the eame impression as ? stone and wood, or | earth and^ trees, or flesh and blood . would do, i and the greater his skill, the more perfect the I deception, .: The imitation is rarely so -porfectii as to deceive .the experienced, . and yet the i pleas ure derived from., the, imitation- exceeds i that given by the reality, just as misery , and i and ; Buffering,, when ' well ' depioted on ' : the I stage, give pleasure,' but the sight of the reality' i gives pain. In manv things the mind enjoys being- de- 1 ceived, and optical illusions give ;ujr 'pleasure, eo mnoh so that those who iuje capablo of completely deceiving this the aoutest of our senses get : , well paid for oxeroising their talents. H, 