f l M s c e l l a n e o u s . Grandmother Gray. Bi Mns. M. h- Bathe. I think Tommy Gray fully appreciated the fact that his bread w as buttered on both sides for when he got into'a street riót with Charlie Wilson, who threatened to tell Tommy's 'father and get him an " all-fired lickin'," Master Tommy just ran off saying: "Dassn'tl I've got a grandmother tew home." \- , . Tommy's grandmother was the kind of a woman who is all fire and flame'in youth and all ashes-of-rose in old age. She had been a beauty once, but there was nothing to jhow for it but" the tender grace of a day that was dead." Wrinkles had taken the place of dimples, her eyes had burned themselves out, her cheeks were shrivelled, and as "for teeth she had only two in her head. " But, thank the Lord, they are opposite feach -other," said Grandmother Gray. . She had a lap for the children, too—mosti grandmothers don't have any lap-^and she sung them tó sleep every nighę./ Tomrąy had made her promise in.an unguarded moment .that she would rook him to sleep until he was 21. She seemed, in a fair wayto' do it,'but she reposed his overgrown feet and limbs on! a' chair and fondled the curly head 'till he had : just" awakeness". left/after his grand tnatiq vespers, to enable him to steer straight to bed. 1 -Tbe songB she Bung were very-funny ones, oij • veiyBorrowfnl. They:were either of the." tij rooral-to-loo" order, or like " Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound." What Tommy liked most was the Scotch ministrelay. Hę never tired of • . j '" Over the water and over the lea, j And over the water to Charley. j Oh, Charley loves good ale and wine And Charley loves good brandy, j And Charley loves to kiss the girls As sweet as sugar candy." Tommy thought there was an educational difference betweeń him and Charley, but he made no comment for fear of being deprived of the music. On Sunday! she'rang: ; !' Fm.wearin' awa, Jean, j ' Like snaw wreath in thaw, Jean,-' ' j , I'm wearin' awa 1 To the land o' the leal." j "An' what is 'the leal,' grandmother?;' Tommy would ask. j And the aged woman would fix her sad, tired, patient eyes on the blue beyond and make.answer in her lotf", quavering voice': "It's aye to be true, ma boy, true to j-onr king, true to your Clod, and ower true to yoorselV The old lady had some quaint ways. One of these was always to attend the grandest church in the parish, where a celebrated divine preached in ihe modern vernacular of amended theology. " Why do you go to hear so difficult a preacher?"'someone asked the old lady. " Do yon "understand him ? " i "Na," Bhe answered, " I dinna hear a word that he says." j "Then what pleasure can yorTget out-of his sermons." j " Child 1" answered, the old lady reverently, "can't I see the holy wag of his head?" "Is there a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, grandmother ? " that graceless Tommy would ask. "Aye, child." . " And does anybody find it ? " "Aye, many. And they go far first. "It's not in the flesh you'll find what lies hid at the end of the rainbow." She could tell time by the flowers and the sun. She had seen a ghost. She could find Job's coffin in the sky. She had a charm for bruises and cuts. It was like entertaining an angel unawares to have this dear .old lady with them, for, under her little superstitions, lay a grand souL One day she counted her years and said— " Fm getting old." " Nonsense, mother," they laughed at her.- "You are only a girl of 80." < " I remember when I was 18, and had roses on my. cheeks," she said. " I wonder when they will eyer be there again." _ One night the children went into her ibom to be rocked.' She sat in the twilight, and the lamp was.nolit. She sent, them away, first .kissing them all around. .She kissed Tommy twice; he looked like his grandfather whose likeness she had wom in a breastpin for forty years. ; " Fm expectin' company," she said to them, " Gang your ways, and God's blessing ! go with ye." It was Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream and ran into grandmother's room for comfort. She still sat in the window. At least her figure was there, but Grandmother Gray had gone away with her'company. 