n;to\\)eUst. AFTER MANY DAYS. By R. P. WHITWORTH. ' , ' CnAPTEB V. (CONTINUED.) A . few days- moro ; and wo woro speeding \- down' tlio uliallow- waters of Port Chalmers, \- bound for Melbourne; and yet again iv few . : , days, and .we were tossing on tho rolling seas ? of Bass's Straits, steaming as fast 'as tho mail ? ship could bear us for the shores of England. , ; ? 1 Ten years had we been absent, and during that -. timo what changes might not havo occurred? . . For myself, except that my father was, as I .?had learnt from his letters, failing, none could havo happened that mattered much. But for Jack. What if Beatrix Walton had ' forgotten him ? What it she had married? ? What if she woro dead? Such things, nil of them had happened, were happening continu , ally. And Jack, although he said nothing — ' for, by a tacit understanding, we had come ?- never to speak on tho subject— grew moody ? : and anxious as the days went by. Tho orien tal mingled splendor and tawdriness of ' - Ceylon ; the ? wide- stretohing deserts of Arabia ; tho ancient monuments of Egypt ; -the water streets of Venice ; the faded mag ? nificenco of Padua, Verona, Milan, Turin, and \- other old Italian cities ; that wonderful piece ; of engineering between Modano and La Praz ; \- the Mont Conis tunnel ; tho gaieties of Paris ; although each and all were matters of snr : prise and delight to me, for I had nover seen them before, to him had no charm. He ' passed through them and by them without : comment, almost without notice. His only thought, his only wish, was to be moving onward, over onward. Wo parted in London, I to stay a day or two with somo friends before going home, he v to seek his, itmight lie, lost, still unforgotten, lovo at Oaatleeomer. 'Alas, poor Jack 1 He heard all too soon, at : his father's house, tho Slid story. It was an old, old talo. The pride of tho Waltons had indeed been brought low. The wealth of ' - ; that purseproud man who had driven him ? . into exile had vanished like tho morning mist , before tho sun.- Mr.Walton had speculated in railways, foreign bonds, tin, copper, what not? and had lost. Then, with the mercan tile gambler's mad infatuation, bo had risked moro and more, had risked his all, in short ; and hadrison from an untusted breakfast one morning, haggard, ghastly, and bowed, find ing himself a ruined man. Tho blow had killed him j and, even while tho poor corpse was being borne to its last resting place, in ? the old cemetery at Castleeomer, tho creditors or their representatives were taking an inventory at Walton Court. Miss Walton, pale and broken-hearted, had remained in tho house with her young brother until tho dav of the funeral, when : ehe had been taken away by a gentleman, a -relativo it was supposed, who had suddenly como over from England, and who had then as suddenly disappeared. That was all that Jaelc could, learn. Sho whom ho had. como so many thousands iniles to find, had gone, no one know whither, had disappeared as effectually lia if the Ben had swallowed her up. 1 ?- Pool' Jaok. It was a oruel blow for him, and all tho morS oruel from tho uncertainty. Had she boon nay, bad bIio been even married, ho might havo, after a time, found /solace from Timo, tho great healer; hut the absoluto ignorance 'ny due by whioh the ? painful suspense bo ended, was more than he could bear. He became moody and discontented, and spent his days in wandering aimlessly about, especially along the bank of tho Nore to the spot where ho bad first seen lier, a spot now held sacred in his eyes. j . Certainly ho enquired at Tom Ilyan's, the Castleeomer Hotel, regarding this stranger who had borne away his Beatrix iu suoh a mysterious manner, and by means of sundry shillings slipped into thtijhands of Jerry the ?groom and' pretty Nelly Booney tho house maid, extraoted tho information that the . Rentleman's namo was, ns it was thought, Thompson or Johnson, that ho did not look ?much like ' Wan of tho rale quality itself,' that, so far as could bo remembered, ho came ? from Carlow by tho coach on tho day of tho funeral, and went buck next day, taking with him Miss Walton and Master Maurice, ' and she, poor dear young lady, as whito and ' whisht as a ghost, crying for her dead father, and maybe for somebody olse in furrin parts, who ought to have been there to comfort her, but wasn't.' This last from Nelly Eooney, by wliioh it will bo seen that Nelly had, as they say, oyes in her head, and was able to nee as far through a millstone as other people. \- He went to Carlow, and by.dint of enquiry and a further oxpendituro of shillings, found .out from one of the stable boys who came . from Castleeomer, and - who knew Miss : Walton by eight, that the party ho was asking after had come by the coaoh, stopped for dinner at tho Feathers Inn, and gona on, presumably for Dublin. ?:???? To Dublin ho followed, and there, by way laying tho elorks at the various shipping : offices, and by tho process of what is known in Australia as ' shouting' freely, ho induced them to look back tlioir passenger ticket blocks to tho date he gave, and discovered , that a Mr. Thompson and a Miss and Master ? Walton had sailed on suoh and suoh a day, . by. tho steamship Emerald, for Holyhead. : Hero tho trail stopped, tho traok was lost. Holyhead meant nowhere, or rather it meant .everywhere, for it wns but the starting point i \ ^ to tho network of railways that ramified England — oast, west, north, and south. But he went to Holyhead nevertheless, and thon ho wont to where everybody goes, to London, calling on mo at tho quiet rectory in Cheshire, to aid him in his search. Poor follow, my heart bled to seo his careworn face, and I could refuse liim nothing. But our quest was futile. In vain we advertised in tho agony columns of the London and many of tho provincial papers. In vain we offered rewards for information. In vainwe subsidised Scot land Yard. Nothing camo of it, until tho ' hope deferred that makoth the heart sick' was at length worn out, and wo both, tired of a life of inaction, weary of London and of England, turned our faces onco more toward tho blue skies and swelling plains of tho groat Southern land, so long our home. And thus camo it that in the train whioh i was rapidly carrying us from Sydnoy to Mel bourne, did Jack say to me, as related at tho commencement of this story, 'I wonder whether we shall meet any of our old mates of tho Shotover?' And now came about another of thoso turns in fortune's wheel so inexplioablo and so un booked for. 'Nothing happens but the im probable, V says somo philosopher, and of all incidents in this strange eventful history, none so strange as this. . Seated in the same compartment of tho carriage, and nearly opposite me, was an elderly man, intent on reading a nowspaper. I had taken no particular notice of him up to then, beyond a few passing words, but I ob served that as Jack and I conversed, ho looked over tho top of his paper, and sorutinised us narrowly. ' I think,' he said at last, ' I heard you mention the Shotover, sir.' ' Yes,' I replied, ' wo wero speaking of the place.' ' The Shotover in New Zealand, I presume you mean?' * ' The samo, sir.' 'All,' ho said, 'its curious, I was there once, myself.' 'Indeed! so were we.' ' Ah 1 I don't seem to recollect you, and yot, maybe you might liavo heard of me. Bill the packer they used to call me. I was packing from Queenstown to tho Shot, and the Arrow for many a year.' Wo have heard of him by 'repute, but as of ono of the old hands who had left before our time. Our conservation soon drifted away from the familiar subject of mining, and the men we had mutually known on the various diggings, to general topio3. Ho had been homo he told us, on a matter of business, but had returned somo two years before, and had taken up his residence in Melbourne, where, with the money he had accumulated by his lucrative calling of a packer in Now Zealand, he had established himself in business. Jack did not take any part in tho conver sation. Ho seemed as was frequently is wont to bo buried in reverie, and I was too well ac customed to liis moods to attempt to disturb him. My new friend remarked as much in an undertone. ' Yes,' I replied in the same key, ' poor Jack lie has had a sad disappointment, a bitter grief in the old country, and has not yet re covered from the effect of it.' 'Jack,' said my companion, 'is that his name?' ' Yes, Jack to mo, dear old Jack Butler, the best fellow ? .' ' Butler I Butler ! I surely know .that name. Let me think. Why God bless my soul,' whispered tho stranger exoitedly, ' it cannot surely bo possible. Tell me, does your friend eome from Ireland ? ' ' He does. Ho is one of the Butlers of Kil kenny.' The man stared at me, and then at Jack as if, in sheer amaze, he could- scarcely believe tho evidence of his senses ; ' are you sure ? ' he whispered at last,' Jack or rather John Butler, youngest son of Eeginald Butler cf the Elms near Castleeomer? ' ' The same, I am his cousin, and know him to be.' But why? ' I asked,. as muoh sur prised as my questioner. ' I'll tell you by and bye,' he replied hur riedly; and in fact there was no time for further converse then, as tho train with a warning shriek was slowing for Albury, and presently glided smoothly up to the station. But my new friend contrived to get the seat next mo on the box of the omnibus, that in those days connected the New South Wales Terminus with the Victorian one at Wodonga, and during the two miles drive imparted to me something which set my blood surging through my veins, and which almost caused me to sing aloud in a very rapture of delight. 'And mind,' he said at parting as ho wrung my hand warmly, and pressed into it a card bearing his name and address in Melbourne, ' Tho day after to-morrow is Christmas day, you come and dine with me. Say nothing, but bring liim with you, and please God there shall be to more than ono heart, a truly happy Christmas. I'remain here until to-morrow. Don't forget. The old fashioned 'mid-day dinner, one sharp.' How I ever refrained from bursting into song, how I abstained from flinging my arms round dear old Jack's neck arid telling him all I had learned at any moment during that long railway ride to Melbourno and the next two days, I hardly know, but I did, and verily I had my reward. But Christmas Day camo, and I must carry out the programme. At first 'Jaok did not want to go, but I insisted ; nay, made it a personal matter that he should, and he gave way. . ' But why are you so anxious for mo to dine with this person ? ' he asked diffidently. ' Ah ! Jack, dear boy, if you only knew 1 ' 'You seem strangely moved, Larry,' he oajd; ''liavo been for the last two days. What is it, old ohap.' ' Good nows, old boy ; great nowa, glorious news. Why, Jaok, pluck up heart of grace, and smile aa you shall smile before this day be done, or I'm a Dutchman. What I Jaok Butler going to eat hia Christmas dinner with tho face of a mute at a funeral. Not so ; re member the words of your favorite Long fellow, ' Bo still, sad heart I and cease. repining ; Behind the clouds is tlio Bun still shining.' . He smiled wearily and said, ' True ; but not for me, Larry, not for me.' To whioh I returned the' vague ambiguity, ' We shall seo what we shall see.' At half-past twelve. we started from the Whito Hart Hotel, whero we sojourned, to walk to our friend's house in East Melbourne, and I thought it time to prepare Jaok for what to him would, I doubted not, bo tho most pleasant surprise of his life. ' Supposing you could have what you wiBhed for on this gracious day, Jaok, what would it be,' I asked. ' Suppose, suppose, suppose tho heavens woro to fall. What's tho use of supposing ? ' ho said. ' Woll, but suppose.' ' Larry, old friend, I have nothing to wish, nothing to hope for ; with me oven hope is now dead.' ' Hope is nover dead; hope oannot die. What says the poet ? ' Hopo springs eternal in the human breast.' ' ' Yea,' he replied bitterly, ' but finish the couplet, 'Man never is, but always to be, blest.'' ! 'Exaotly — always to be blest — and you, dear old ohappie, shall bo blest, and that sooner than you anticipate.' Ho stopped, and looked mo straight in the Jape. ' What do you moan, Larry ? ' ho said. Thoro has boon something strango about you for tlio last day or two that I oannot make out. What is it ? ' 'Wait and see,' and with that for the moment he had to bo content. Wo arrived at tho house wo woro bound for as tho post otlice clock was booming ono. Evidently wo wore expected, for our friend opened tho door liimBelf even as I rang. ' Havo you told liim ? ' lie said to me. ' No,' I replied ; ' I havo loft that for you to do, Mil. Thompson.' ' Mr. Thompson I ' said Jaok hoarsely, staggering and turning pale. ' Great God I Is it possiblo that ? ' ' Everything is possiblo. As tho angelic choir sang nearly nineteen hundred yoars ago, so I say now, ' Behold, I bring i/au tidings of great joy ! ' 'And sho — Beatrix — ?' gaBped Jack faintly. ' Go into that room. She is expecting you.' ' Jaok looked at our host like a man iu a dream, but he opened tho door of the room denoted. A moment, and thero was a great ecstatic cry, as Mr. Thompson, closing tho door softly, took mo by tho arm, and with a suspicious moisture in his eyes, led rue away, saying, ' I think wo've managed that very nicely, but wo aro no longer needed here. Como into tho dining room and we'll drink their healths. I've had dinner delayed for half an hour, as I thought thoy might have something to say to each other, and in tho meantime I'd like to havo a crack with you.' It is night. I lay down my pen. My story is finished. And, yet hardly so, for even now, another Christmas Day, I have received letters from home, sent up from my office. Somo of them I. lay asido to read later, but ono I open. I know tho hand writing, and read. Part of it runs thus: — „ Walton Court, Castleeomer, Ireland. 'Dear Larry, — ' For so Jaok insisted on my oalling you ; this will, as we calculate, rcaoh you in far away Melbourne about Christmas, and I send it wishing you all tho compli ments of tho season. Wo had your last letter in due course, and were glad to hear that my brother, Maurice, was 'getting on so well. As you will see, wo are settled iu the old house ; Uncle Thompson bought it, and insisted on making it over to me as a wedding portion. We have just been to the Elms. You will bo glad to learn that papa and mamma aro well. Ted has at last got his captaincy, and George has a good ap pointment as manager of an ^ron works at Geile in Sweden. Ellen has had another, a girl this timo, who is to be called after me ; and Kate is to bo married next month. He is ono of tho Powers (Charles) of Abbeyleix, not far from here, and is a barrister in fair practice. Baby — you know, we have called him Lawrenco — is well and thriving. He is tho loveliest and most wonderful, &c.;, &o.;, Ac.' (Hero comes half a pago about the baby, and a fow lines about other matters, which I will, if you please, skip). 'Jack writes you by this mail. Oh Larry I dear Larry, do you remember that Christmas Day ? I am sure you do. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Is tho wish and prayer of tho happiest woman in Ireland. 'Beatrix Butler.' Of course there io a postscript, but the words swim, and the lines seem blurred. I cannot read. I walk softly to the window and look out. It had been a wet evening, but ' tho rain had ceased to fall, tho sky had cleared, save where the fleecy rack sped across it, and the moon was shining brilliantly in the heavens,' just as it did on that oventful Christmas night on the shoulder of the Wakatipu range in- 1870, when I pointed it out to Jack as an omen of good fortune, the good fortune that oame indeed ' After many days.' ? ' ' . ' The End. ' 