Notes of the Week. On Tuesday last Ministers were duly catechised ia regard to the watering of the Newtown tramway, a post-office at Eugowra, and other weighty matters. Mr. Farnell laid papers on the table of the House relating to reserves of land for various purposes, and Mr. Stuart did likewise with a return showing that during the year 8369 immigrants had landed in Sydney. Petitions for local option and against it were pre sented. Questions without notice and points of order were disposed of to make way for the breach of privi lege case. Mr. Wisdom had struck Mr. Buchanan in an anteroom; and Mr. Buchanan, to use his own lan guage, had smitten his adversary to the ground, and stamped upon him. ' The aggressor made ample apology to the House, which the latter graciously received, and thus an unpleasant matter ended. The seat of Mr. Vaughn, which had been challenged, was declared not to be vacant. Mr. Lyne thought that 'a Royal commission should be ap pointed to inquire into and report upon the best method of conserving the rainfall of the colony '' and for doing kindred work. Mr. Abbott spoke in reply, and the motion was withdrawn. Mr. Teece moved a resolution relating to a road beginning in the parish ef GobrooyaroO' and ending with the main Yass and Queanbeyan road. Mr. Holtermann desired to see papers which might settle the question of ownership of deepwater frontages at Miller's Point. Mr. Buchanan desired information relating to unmarried male teachers in Public schools and the number of female pupils attending them. In committee Cohen's Estate Bill was passed ; and a select committee reported on Mort's Bay Improve ment Bill. On 'Wednesday the Legislative Council dealt with the Constitution Act Amendment Bill. They amended it a good deal, taking out all its vali dating clauses and leaving only amending and in demnifying clauses. With these alterations it passed a second reading .and got through committee. The House rose at 11.20 p.m. In the Assembly Ministers were asked about the high-level 'bridge to the North Shore, a site for a reformatory for boys, and the railway to Circular Quay. The answers amounted to saying, 'There is a good time coming.1' Papers and petitions as usual ; and the Cohen's Estate Bill read a third time. ' Ways and Means' brought Sir John Robertson, into the arena. He does not like taxing personal property, meaning thereby furniture and attire, especially ladies' attire. The Treasurer followed, stating that his new taxation scheme will not touch these things. He said further, which means that he may not insist upon revising the tariff at a loss of £40,000, that after aU the application of the property tax shall not be inquisitorial not oppressive. He will exempt furniture and apparel, and will not tax stock-in-trade which does not belong to the holder. Mr. Stuart spoke, so did Mr. Burns, and the House adjourned at 11 p.m. On Thursday the Council sent down the Validating Bill with the amendment foreshadowed by Mr. Stuart and several others to carry out its purpose more fully. The Speaker pointed out- that these changes related to seats in the Assembly, a matter peculiarly belonging to that House, and that the House of Commons had always asserted its right to the exclusive treatment of such matters. On the motion of Mr. Stuart, the bill ' 'was laid aside and another bill was introduced em bodying the amendments. A third disaster is reported from. Egypt. Not only have there been three successive defeats in that part of the world during the last three months or so, but three successive armies have been annihilated. The first trouble, we need hardly say, was that which befel the force of General Hicks at El Qbeid. The second was that which came to a force consisting of Nubians, Arabs, arid Bashi-JSazouks, and 'that was ordered by the Governor of Souakim to reconnoitre- the passes between Souakim and Berber and Khartoum- Both of the forces named were - literally : cut to pieces, and now the same: fate has befallen the gendarmes of General Baker. In more than one respect the -disaster reported to-day is the most serious of the three. The first-named forces, although, beaten, fought bravely and desperately. The Nubians in the force outside Souakim, it is said, 'though, hampered by the retreat of the advance guard, fought, splendidly, dying in heaps close together.' Toe troops of Baker Pasha, on the contrary, would not fight at all. According to one account they numbered 3600, while the Arabs who attacked them did not exceed 3000; and yet after the first round' some of the brave Egyptians . took to Ltheir heels, arid a considerable section of the rest remained to cry for mercy: Baker Pasha, and two or three of bis officers, have with, much difficulty saved their own lives; but the force with which he was to effect the discomfiture of the Mahdi lias proved itself a force' only in name, and is now a thing of the past. The probable effect of this additional defeat on the Mahdi and his followers is of itself a sufficiently serious consideration. It must be added that a disaster of thiB kind in the vicinity of Sbuakiniis a very different affair from such a disaster in a district like the one in which General Hicks came to. grief, The British Government is not respon sible for what is taking place in the Soudan. The three expeditions named were undertaken by the Government of the Khedive, and not -by that ot Mr. Gladstone. The British Foreign Office is re sponsible for the protection of Egypt proper, but not I* for keeping order in the Soudan. It will be remem bered, however, that, although the Bntlish Govern ment protested against the course taken by General Kicks, it is supposed to have approved of Baker Pasha's attempting to relieve the garrisons at Sinkat and Toka. Further,, while the English Government is of opinion that the '.part .-of the Soudan that lies west of the JJile ought, to be sacrificed, it is under stood to hold that the country between the 'Nile and the Red Sea, the country that is in -which the ! two lafet' disasters have taken place, .ought to be held at all hazards. There is also the fact that the Imperial Oorerrmerit has actually undertaken to defend Soua kim, and that Admiral Hewitt has landed a force of marines to. protect the inhabitants of: that town. There is no immediate probability that the victories in the Soudan will necessitate the increasing of the British force in the Delta. - It must, however, be seen that, if Uie territory betweenlhe Nile and the Ked'Sea is to be retained, it mil have to be by Great Britain. Baker Pasha's defeat shows that there is no more to fee expected from the forces otthe Khedive. On Tuesday the Imperial Parliament commenced the session of 1884. In the conduct of their political affairs the legislators of the mother country manage to keep wellnigh a: year ahead- of those of the colonies. By the time we are fairly into the- work -which pro perly belonged to last year, the Home Parliament is dealing with the business of this year. The Speech from the- Throne, an abstract of Vjvhich appears in another column, contains the usual commonplaces about foreign countries, and gives the domestic bills which are to be 'brought forward during the next six months. The principal of these deal with the exten sion of the franchise, 'with London municipal goyern nrent, with better provision for the security of life and property at sea, and with county government, the bounty Government Bill to provide for the establish ment of local option. It would seem, that a Redistri bution Bill is not to he introduced this session. {From the English papers to hand it may be gathered that the bill to extend household suffrage to the counties will be handled first, and there is now little question that the additional voting power which will be pro posed for England will be extended to Ireland. This is the feature of the bill which will cause it to be opposed by the Conservatives, and which, in all pro bability, will lead to its rejection by the House of Lords.' That the measure will be rejected there can be little doubt? ' and the question of interest will be, 'What will, the Gladstone Government do in that event? One section of Liberals contend that it should go at once to the country— on this ground if on no other, that delay would cause not only ,the cooling down of enthusiasm for the Government, 'but the creation of popular impatience. Another section, however— and the one which is supposed to be in the secret of the Government— hold that a dissolution need not follow the rejection of the Franchise Bill. The Government, they say, 6bould - go on -with its work, as it did when the Lords rejected Sir. Forster's Disturbance Bill, pass the London Municipalities r Bill, the Shipping, and, if possible, the Local Government bills. After that, say .they, the House of Commons should again take up the~ Fran chise Bill, and on its rejection a second time appeal to the country. Events will show which of these two courses Mr. Gladstone intends to follow. One thing is certainvthe session -will be a lively and in some sense a fruitful one. Already the Parnellite party — who have threatened that if they are not allowed to rule Ireland they will hot allow:either Liberals or Conservatives to rule England— promise the introduction of 12 bills dealing with Irish affairs, and the contest has been started by the moving of an amendment upon the Speech from the, Throne, the pretext for the amendment being the determination of the Government to get as soon as possible out of EgyPt.. . . . ? ]? ? ' , ;_ ;' ?-,,' The more excitingsubjects which wehave had during the last few days have left people little or no time to think of the Bankruptcy Bill. But to a large section of the community this measure, the second reading of which was moved by the Attorney- General last week, is of more importance than either the Validating Bill or the Land Bill. The trouble in this colony has been that a class of traders have been in the habit of turn ing insolvent from choice rather than from necessity — . because they desire to enrich themselves, ;and not because they are poor. How to prevent this species of fraudulent trading is a question which has occupied the attention of commercial men for many years, past. The complaint has been that debtors are' able to rid themselves of their responsibilities to their—creditors without either danger or diffi culty*^ that in the disposal of bankrupt estates the onus of proof is thrown on the creditor, not on -the debtor'; that the official assignees who are entrusted with the winding up of these estates are* -allowed too much of their own way ; and that in many instances dishonest traders fare better than honest ones. The - Attorney-General has undertaken the task of dealing with these evils, and the bill he has introduced is certainly calculated to check if not to remove them. The bill provides for a court in bankruptcy and for district bank rapt commissioners. The present commissioner, who is to be a Judge in Bankruptcy and an additional Judge of the Supreme Court, is to exercise jurisdiction on the summary application of either debtors or creditors. There are to be official receivers, who will play much the' same part that official' assignees play now, but whose proceedings will be strictly con trolled by the Government' and by the Court. Creditors will .. have the power to appoint trustees, who will look after: their interests, but the affairs of bankrupts will be under the imme diate supervision of the official receivers, who will lay their reports before the Court, which alone will have' the power of 'finally pronouncing both on the bankrupt's conduct and on, his business. .Unless in cases where there .has been misfortune, and sufficient proof of good conduct, no composi tion-will be approved by the Court where the bankrupt has not paid 5s. in the pound. These are the leading provisions of the bill, the chief feature of which is that it makes bankrupts responsible to the State, and for proving that their failure was their misfortune and not their fault. Such a change in the law has King been' looked for, and is certainly desirable. - ?--.-? In the calmer atmosphere of the Upper House, the Validating Bill has been looked at after a fashion, which shows one* of the advantages ok a second., chamber. Under a Ministry -with a good majority in the Assembly* a bill has been passed ostensibly to amend the Constitution Act. : To most persons who had no prejudices to serve, that bill proposed to violate the Act. Through the pecu liar action of the. Government, Mr. Suttor, who site on the Opposition benches, has had his chance to be re-elected. He has seized it, and will in a day or two be again in his -place. 'Mr. Reid,- under a misguided patronage, is still out in the cold. The Upper House has passed the bill with amendments which have brought it into harmony with what we believe is right. Mr. Darley doubted the- necessity to amend the Constitution Act as proposed. He said it was a question of arithmetic, not of law, ?whether the Governor's powers were exhausted, xive officers are named in the Act, and five more may oe added. There are not now five more, and there fore it was open to the Governor to gazette the office of Public Instruction, andthe.holder of it as a person who might be elected to a seat in Parliament. Mr. Darley objected to the abolition of the office of Soli citor-General, and pointed out that there was no need to abolnfi that to make way for the new office of Public Instruction. Eventually the bill passed its second leading. - It went- through committee, losing -by the way its ~ validating .clauses. The indemnifying .clauses passed because it was thought they did no harm, if they did no good. The issue was the passing of a' bill which made it clear what must be done* in 'future' in regard to offices of profit under the Crown, and indemnifying al! and Bundry who may have offended in these respects in the past. As we have stated elsewhere, the Assembly has thrown aside the -bill passed by the Council, for the purpose of introducing another bill of its own. The Calcutta. Exhibition turns out to be a greater success than at first was thought of. Probably this is in no way due to the fact^hat it is in private, hands, but in spite of it. Success now does not mean that these affairs, if 'in private hands, will always be equally fortunate ; and there are the best of reasons why they should not be private speculations. It is reported that upwards of 500,000 persons have visited the exhibition. Already some of its awards are made known, and a few of them have fallen to this colony. This is very pleasing : but if the show is to end its influence when its doors are closed, only its promoters may be the better for it. The chief good desired from this Indian fair is to establish trade between India and Australia. Fortunately there are at both ends of the line persons who are desirous to bring this to pass. A telegram informs us that the proposals which have been made in regard to an Indo- Austra- lia trade have been favourably received in Calcutta ; even a probability of success is confidently named. The strength of the position lies in the fact that India has so much that we can buy of her, and we have so much that she can buy of us. 'We can send her copp'er, meat, horses, and all the etceteras produced here, ?which may be consumed there or worked up in manufactures. It should be possible to do a good trade in fruit and wine, notwithstanding all that has been said to the con trary. And from India we can bring rice, tea, and other articles of which little is known because at present there is. no trade between us. As in many other cases so in this : the difficulty is to begin. Whoever is to be the agent in this service will require to be paid. He must be able to do the business at rates sb remunerative to himself as the trade is profitable to merchants at either end. Should a trade spring up between these two countries, the exhibition may claim at least to have suggested it and to have done some good. But -who does not see that New South Vales should be to the fore ? If the idea of the exhibition did not originate here, the proposal tp establish an Indo Auetralia trade appears to have been born hi Sydney. A few of our merchants have worked hard over this business, Nevertheless, if the Sydney merchants and others are not ready to take the matter up, they must not stand in the way of those who will. A few per sons in Adelaide are said to have pronounced against it ; but in Melbourne some one is getting ready to enter the field : so sayeth common report. To a section of the London press there is little that is right in Australia. The latest trouble of the Standard, to whose jeremiads we are getting accus tomed, is that the present shipments of gold will not relieve the critical situation of the Australian banks. The sense in which the situation of the Australian banks' is critical is not explained. It is not under stood, and we 'question if anybody will believe that the situation of our banks is critical at all. No - inference to this effect can be legitimately drawn from the shipments of sold of. which we have been hearing. Between England and America such shipments are the ordinary inci dents of commerce. As it is with other commodities so is it with gold. There are seasons in which one part of the world has more than it wants, another less, and when such seasons come gold shipments are necessary to restore the balance of trade. If our banks are importing gold, the presumption is it is because they have a use for it, and that, instead of being a bad sign, is a good one. When the Bank of England is replenishing , its coffers people do not infer that its situation is strained. As well might, it be inferred that the warehouse that is adding to its stock is on its way to destruction. There is nothing on which Aus tralians have had more reason to congratulate them selveB than the soundness of their -banks. When the banks of other countries have trembled, ours- have remained firm ; and, in spite of the misgivings of some of our English contemporaries, it will be believed that the banks of Australia are as firm as they have ever been. A few weeks ago the United States Were visited by Mr. Burr, one of the working men's representatives in the House of Commons. Mr. Burt tells us that he went to America because he *? wanted particularly to know the rate of wages, the hours of labour, the cost of living,' &c.; Here is the result: — 'It would be safe, I think, to put down the average wage of the miners in the districts I. visited at from two dollars to two and a- half per day. This was about the wage of workmen connected with the iron trade also ; while ordinary labourers .were paid from a dollar and a-quarter'to a dollar and a-half per day.'! : Thus, Mr. Burt gives the highest wages of tradesmen as 10s. a day,, and that of ordinary labourers -as 6s. ;a* day. But this is not all. Mr. Burt goes on . to say that 'in many parts work is very irregular— even, more so than it .is in the' mining districts of this country. Great numbers of the miners in the Hocking Valley, Ohio; informed me that they had hot worked more than one-third of .thek time in the last two years. Last year was a very bad- one, and some families were in a state of want .bordering upon starvation. The men who told me this declared, however, that, if they had done only the eame amount of work in England, they could not possibly have lived at all.*' In estimating wages, however, we have to consider not only what men get, - but what they give. Mr. Burt confesses that the miners of America do not work so hard while at their work asthe miners of England do ; but the hours of labour are longer in America than they are in Eng land,- and what is more the cost or living is higher. As to the former point Sir. Bur tsars : ' Long hours of labour teem to be universal in America. Nowhere did I find the miners work less than tea and a-half or eleven hours, per day. In some cases there was no limit at all to the day's work; the men went into the hanks and came out when they liked ; and it was nothing unusual for some of them to remain continuously in the mines for a period of twelve, thirteen, or fourteen hours'* As to 'the latter point he says: 'On the whole, taking food, clothing, and house-rent together, living is no doubt more costly than in the United King dom.' If in America the cost of living is higher than it is in England, it must be higher than it is in Aus tralia. If this testimony be correct, we surely cannot be wrong in saying that, taking everything into the account, the working men of Australia are consider ably better paid than are those of America. And yet, apparently on little or no data, and evidently without a misgiving, at a meeting on Saturday last, it ' 'was stated, and that by a gentleman professing to be an authority, that ' wages in America were higher than anything they ever heard of here.' Exit, a million of land revenue ; enter, a million of new taxes. Is. the newcomer the exact representa tive of the old one ? Is it another case of ' The King is dead, long live the King r' Mr. Dibbs must have money. If it will come in from the land, well and good ; if it will not, then it must come in from taxes. - If we raise it by taxes, do we pay our way by taxes ? If we get it from the land, do we pay our way by the land? Is not it extraordinary that a man with Sir John. Robertson's reputation for political sagacity should spend hours of legislative time in trying to prove that we have not been living on the land r : If we have not, what have we been liviag on ? He tries to get away from common sense by fishing up an old Treasury .document intended to prove that all land money has been spent on land. But this sort of argument is worthless from its very .flexibility. If we may repay the interest on the debt out of land, and the cost of all minor roads, and the charge tor municipal endowment, and the loss on telegraphs and postal services, and the cost of the Lands, Works, and Mining Departments, why should we stop there r Why not the ocean postal service, and a!l the repairs on the railways ? What will there be left to charge on taxes ? If we had not an acre pf land left to sell or lease, we should have most pf the charges left that Sir John enumerates ; and how could they be properly chargeable on a land fund no longer existing ? Why has Mr. Dibbs to ask for new taxes at all? Is it not because the income from land sales has fallen ? Last year 8369 immigrants were landed at this port. To the statement of their nationality is added one relating to their religion. It may not be necessary to give statistics of the denominational creed of immi grants, but from one standpoint it is useful. Many of these persons come from small quiet villages, and are withal very poor. The young men, and girls especially, amongst them are liable on landing here to fall into evil hands and wicked ways. Something is done by the Immigration Board to throw over them a shield ; but it is Open to ask if all the Churches supposed to be interested in these additions to their numbers are doing all that they can in this matter ? Not infrequently it is re ported that some victim, or perpetrator, of wrong had been in the country only a few months. It is reason able to assume that they did not meet with a kindly personal reception, and that from misfortune they fell into crime. Of the number named above 3727 are set down to the Episcopal Church, 1758 Roman Catholics, 980 Wesleyans, 916 Presbyterians, the re3t being other wise accounted for. . While the epithets of some of our own legislatures are in our ears, it may be worth while to refer to a compliment which a few weeks ago was paid to one of the leaders of the House of Commons. Referring to the present Chief Secretary for Ireland, a contempo rary said : — 'He is a link with the times of which he lo\es to write,, when politics were still little else than a noble game, but which, with all their want of pro found philosophy or serious purpose, hod yet a polish, a brilliancy, and a certain broad, if not very thought- . ful, patriotism which we now greatly miss.' Our ? contemporary goes on to remark that the value of such qualities as those of men of Mr. Trevellyan's stamp ' increases as they become rare, as the pace grows faster, the struggle more strenuous, as the grace of political life declines. We do not prick our ad versary with the rapier's point in these days. We cudgel him with a club. We do not quote any ancient or English classic, but the latest comic opera. We indulge incessantly in vigorous party sallies, but care fully eschew the. old, noble common-places about country and public spirit.' If this is true of the Parliament of England, Mho will dispute thatitis true of that of New South Wales? It is far too true of both that force, and sometimes force of the coarsest order, goes for everything, and that grace both of manner and of mind goes for nothing. And who shall .be. king r The question, will surely become an important one when, the separation talked of in Scott's Hotel, Melbourne, becomes an accom plished fact. Who shall be king ? ' There will be a council of twelve, and surely amongst so select a com munity it must be easy to find a royal family. The kingdom will be vast— will be securely fenced by civilised neighbours against all invasion.. It will have no responsibilities because, save some few score 6f deputies, no resident population. It will have no poor, because except at shearing .time it will require no. labourers, and when shearing is over it will hunt all those labourers out. It need make no improvement, because, free of all taxation ana rent,' it 'will 'be able i 'to crowd sheep oh in all seasons, and let the good years pay for the bad, heedless of the torture and 'the groans. It will grant its lands to be held in perpetuity to all the old and favoured people now resident, and may occasionally permit a scion of some lordly race to enter in and,, take up a share. It will be a great and a prosperous and aristocratic country, founded in most aristocratic fashion. Is there not something sublimely dilettante, refined, distingue, if you will, in this new foundation ?? r For God, for conscience, for man ! None of those old - world cries about. No forging at fierce heats ottabour strife, no struggle into existence, but a being begun in a snug parlour and by a little coterie -scared at the first whisper of taxation. A very noble beginning surely. And how will it eventuate? Will the hew state be born? It is just about as likely, as thisT— Suppose a few residents of Liverpool-street to meet in Olufie's Hotel, and pass a resolution— We will found a new municipality ; we will petition for separation ; and, as a first consideration, we will take Hyde Park to be wholly and exclusively our owh^Sydney Would regard that proposition just about as favourably as Australia will regard that1 other, -begotten- in the parlour of Scott's Hotel. . :. . ? ;,., . , y “From Oberon, in Fairyland,” comes a petition' which is worthy of consideration. It is not from any ghost or shadow king, but from about three thousand settlers, storekeepers, cockatoo bushmen, and, may be, a few dummies also, who desire a railway through their district from Tarana to the Fish River caves. It is not to be taken as settled that they ought to have a railway because they have asked for one. There are not two or three people gathered together in any part of the colony who do not deem that they have a right to a railway fairly through the midst of them, and the Oberon people must go much farther than the desire before their petition can be granted. They do go farther. They try to prove the “we deserve” by showing their capa- bility to support, and one chief means of support is supposed to be the Fish River caves. There is reason enough in that supposition that “Fairyland” beyond Oberon would do much to sup- port a railway if it were fairly opened and supplied with means, not only to astonish and delight people, but also to entertain them comfortably. Put up a great hotel at the caves. Supply two or three guides for the caves. Let it be known that there will at all times be good accommodation for a hundred people, and a fair percentage of the hundred will always be found there. Their coming and going will, of course, help railway rates; but what about that other route discovered by the miner who came over and found Mr. Stuart at Katoomba? We must discover the shortest and the best track before we start to make it, and perhaps a twenty- mile road would be better than a forty-mile railway. Another case of truck- smashing, attended by so much good luck that no life has been lost ar.dnc man injured. It is easy to see that it might have been otherwise— easy, to see that the truck might have col lided with a passenger instead of a goods train, and thus limbs and lives have been lost, and action for damages have been started, and lawyers have become enriched, and the State, in these hard times, have' been mulct in a heavy penalty. And it happened through' the unfortunate error of a pointsman. Is there any system, rule, circle of 'unfortunate errors?' Are we in the middle of a cyclone of them ? ' A temperance* ? advocate might ask, Are they in any way connected with the sale of liquor on the lines? But there ism* %uor bar at Rookwood ; and thus the prof ane man get* an opportunity for his question, Was that pointsnMtt a proprietor of burial lots ? 