; ; AMUSEEViENTS, /THE DRAMA) &C.; .) . Run on. the Bristol. boa kept the stage at the ; Royal daring the week to -moderatq houses. Ah we stated in a'previons notice, tho piece is. .wholly, .unworthy, of '.our leading theatre. -It -is- essentially vulgar, and suited ; merely for thb purposo: of a third '.ratq muslb hall. .-. « -. It is proposed to produce Eedori at the Royal after tho present rubbish being bhao ted. tbero baa been .withdrawn. Tho leading lady is a Miss Jeffreys Lawis; an Amerioan-Engi lish aotross, of some repnto in New' York., She,' is said to bo the sister. of- thb Miss Lowis . with- it will be rememborod essayed' music in opera some yewrs ago ln Melbonrna with indihqront suocess; 'The, lady aUuded to' has beon en-, gaged by . Mr. James Allison, who has reoontly returned from his trip to Amerlqa nta'd London, Every ofbi)rt,wiUbe,'madqtoprodupotho.pieoo it; splendid style,.-.. — ? Mr." AUison. aimounobs)that; he has '(iecurod the sole .. right to , produce Redora in tho' colonieSj Otad has tiiroatened Signor Majeronl wjth. dire, paths and .penalties, for. the' alleged infringement of his..monopoty The Slguor, however, snaps his fingers at Mr, Allison, and produces' proofq that ..the, version , which hq and his , talented wife play Ib a translation made by liimself, and wbloh ho holds that' he can play with" "impunity" in any' part' of tho world. Thq matter will probably bo. heard- of Intho courts, ' . That miserablo' burlesque of Burnond's, . entitled, Blue Beard, has been played during- the week. at tho Opera House, with. . Miss Jennie Lee ita the title rfffe. ' The attendance has not been very encouraging, and it is satiqr factory to learn that a .change, of. programme is, in contemplation. '' At tbo Princess's TheatreRorget.-me-Nothas hold its own with undiminished houses, - 'A change, of ; programmo has more than once been threatened, but it was, found, that some thing always oo'enrred to defer the promised and much wished for alteration." This evening, the Qneen's /Ravorite will bo substituted, with Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. Vernoh'ln tho prlnoipal parts. Tho nuptials of Miss Annie Taylor) the well known aetreBs, .with Mr. Corlesse, have been announced. ' A dramatis entertainment was given ) on Thursday, the 17 th inst., at the Hall of Science, in which -tbo pupils of Mr. Hosklns took part, Tho programme included the Hunchback and the Happy Pair, which were porform'cd very creditably,' Mr. Sampler, wo learn, has been engaged to support Miss Lewis in the forthcoming season of Redora at the Royal, ' -' .-Miss Emelle Melville will ho succeeded at the Bijou by the Majeronis, Mr. Grattan Riggs has had a profitable Boason at Alhnry. ' Mr. Edmund Marshall has been playing Qtailp at Ballarat, ; , Mr. Geo. HarreLl's dramas ran. for Boven weeks in Adelaide. "ThoTheatreRoyal, Adelaido, has bseh.olosocl, for the pnrposo of repairs preparatory, to . Mr. Allison's now season, . ' . At tho Sydney Thoatro Royal, owing to the ,illne8S:of Miss Annie- Mayor,'tho principal fome'partih.tljo Silver King has been assumed by Misb Maggie Moorq.',, ' At the Gaioty, Sydney, ,Mr. Wybcrt Reeve- hos produced'the Sqniro with great bucccss, The- Polka are doing fairly at the Opera . House, Sydney, - . .. . Thegreat attraction. in London at present is Signor Salvini, whose performances ore thns adverted to by the Atlienczum in the piece entitled Le Gladiatour : — " Its scones ore con ventional in .. treatment... . Opportunites finer than are afforded an actor in the lonrth act, in which in tho victim assigned him in the arena tho Gladiator recognises his own daughter, are, however, raro in tho drama.. Of those oppor tunities Signor Salvini makes magnificent use. - Ho is too lachrymose, ,too offosive, in sorrow, and he remains deficient . in < pathos. In tho manner, however, in which ho . fills tho stage with a splendid presence-; in his gestnrcs, as of one to whom the rending of wild boasts is familiar Bport ; in his sonorous appeals, ruing above tho noise of tho arena and reaching the pitiless, ears.. of priest aud public, he. obtains a triumph which is conclusive and undis puted, . Nothing equally fine has been, seen on the modern stage, A portion of bis vigor is communicated to. members of his company, and Signor Udinc, a useful actor, and Signore Pinmonti and Cqttaneo acquit themselves sa tisfactorily, and rise to the display of genuine power. ... It is .difficult to. contomplato Signor Sal vim's own performances, such at ioastas they were when his figure was. less robust, without associating him with an -English actor, whoso popularity as Othello, though his memory, has now faded, was not less great than that . of . his .Italian successor. - . Conceding Sprangcr Barry one of the most competent of critics, collecting previous testimonies, says ' There, was 'never, perhaps, an actor who . was so much indebted to ..nature, as Barry. His person was nqblo and commanding, his action" graceful, and correct, his features regular, ex pressive and handsome; his .countenance na-. turally open, placid and benevolent, yot easily workedtothoindioationof haughtinessand con tempt ; tho voice had. melody, depth end sbrength,' . &'o. The .words might have been written of Signor Salvini. . Some falling off in power sooms traceable since Signor Salvini's list visit. The idea conveyed fa that the actor saves himself , for his - great ' effects. When theso are reached, however, .the result is not less admirablo than before." Says a London paper The reception awarded Mr. Irving in America and that ac corded Miss Andereon-in England havo been so favorable that both actors have been seduced -into a species: of-abandonment of their native land. Miss' Anderson, whose occupancy of ,the LyOeum will terminate' on !the Cth' of April, win return so soon as the Bouse la once more free, and. will play.Biauca in Milman's Fazio., Mr. Irving moanwhllo will only stay long enough in England to tee the effoct ol his newly won lahrels, and will, with' :Mlss Terry, ' return to tho TJnited States In the antumn, , . Mrs. Langtry .is on the lookout for a thoatro in whioh to appear, in London at tho beginning 'of next year, ' . Miss Ijotta Is'cr.oditod with tho intention of .pfodnoing a revised 'version of Tho Old Curiosity Sfi'pp, in which, tho comic element will be.str'engthoned. . ... ,. i . '" Dion Bouoicaolt and family intend- visiting America and Australia, accompanied by Mr. GhielBiirry and' Miss Saddy jfartineau,. Misb Rqrtesond has resumed her professional duties at the Court. Theatre. , Tho soandal at tached to. her relations 'with' Lord Garmoyle has hed'the effect of drawing What are des cribed as imnj'qnso) and fashionable' audiences. As an.actress she Is of .very indifferent calibre, but pretty and piquant., . ' Miss Gbard is playing at the Savoy Theatre, :.whero Miss 'Fortoscue wai' ir star when the noble lord alluded to oomoieQced to pay her his devoire. , . , . Mr. Barry Sullivan was lost heard of at Newcastle-on-Tyno, doing good businoss. \- , '.A Critic In the United States gives vent tq his views on Hamlet in the following terms "There is too .much, ohinntng in< tho piece. The anthor is behind the times, and seems to .forget that what we Waht now-a-days is hair- raising " situations ; and " deteotlves, In 1 the htabdsof a skilful playwright a detective would have been put upon the track of .Hamiet'B uncle, and the old man would have been hunted down in a manner that would havo excited the audience out of their Number Elevens,'" Tho moral' of . tho piece is not good. The scene where Hamlot sasses his mother is a vory bad cxamplo to the rising generation, and It Is not improved when the 'dreary old ghost comes in' and blows him up. Our advice to tho author Ib, a little more action, a littlo. more gurgling taffy, anil a fair share of variety business in his next piece. In the speciality arts of tho play scenes he bos entirely missed bis oppor tunities." A patent Bob been granted' to Mr. Jas. Dillon for tbe erection of a new theatre to rc- placo the old Royal in Dublin, It is to be called the Lyceum. " 