PERIL BY MISS .TESSIE FOTHERGILL. Author of " First Violin," " Probation, "Krrn and Kin," " Made or Marred!" &(\, &c.; PART II.— STAXE5ACP.E. Chapter IX — The Return (Continued. Along this melancholy avenue did the two women and the little hoy go towards the house. Once inside its thick old walls, the forloruness seemed to vanish. Everything was very old— a great deal of it was very worn and very poor; but Mrs. Woodfall'a TTiflfflP Ifllipll muiln flm 1- . |4l/»Vi'li UL'ltUUIUi instead of sordid. Diving into the old cup boards, she had dragged forth what she called 14 pots iu iibandauce"— old things which had been stowed away, as cracked or old, and left to the ravages of dust and cobwebs. To wash them and sort them, and pick out tho beat of them, had been the work of a forenoon with Katt-y, and had produced a result .of abiding grace and cheerfulness. She had left the sombre old prints aud paintings— prints which Charles Lamb might have mis taken for 6ome of those Hogarth ones which adorned — so inappropriately, as he said— the walls of his parlor— paintings of which tho less said the better, belonging probably to tho " great tea-board school." In tho deep old fireplace daring the hot days of summer, Katty had had a bunch of green ferns and flowers ; but on this September evening, when the night was sharp, whatever the day might have been, there burnt a hot peat fire, and with it came the peculiar smoky odor which such a fire always produces. The table was spread for the evening meal ; tbe place looked comfortable, and cosy, and cheery, if it were worn and shabby, and old into the bar gain. Do I liusrer too long over the oft-told tale of a fallen old house, with its neglected wilder ness of a garden, and its few poor treasures of rickety old oak, and cracked old family crockery ? One has heard of such things before, truly ; and one has heard of palaces where the atmosphere is less kindly and tho hospitality Ie.?3 genuine. Their entrance with laugh and ringing voices, and clatter of umbrellas and spades put down, and bustle of Humphrey with bis tin pail and his three precious crabs, woke a new life in the still old honse, Katty's maid servant emerged from tho kitchen regions—a gawky girl, who had developed in these few weeks, under Mrs. Woodfall's able manipula tion, into a respectable country maid of all work, and had got an air and — so her friends said — " a style about her" which neither thev nor she had ever anticipated for her. She received sundry order. from her miatres?, and then there wa« a pilgrimage upstairs to repair the ravages made by sand and wind and (general skirmishing in the open air, and another deep sdlence while these ceremonies were in operation. Humphrey was the fir-fc to re-appcr.r on tbe singe of the parlor, where the table was spread, looking a nice little gentleman enough in bin dark blue suit, and with his " shiniug hair ns-tiduo'Hly smoothed. Anna, tho maid, was jn«t carrying in a dish with cold moat on it, which she laid on the table Humphrey prowled round, with his hands ia ' his pocket, and a soothing luxury of aatidpa. tion made itself felt within him, " 1 am so "hungry, Anna." Published by rpst'ift!,urr.uig«uieot with the aw AU rights reserved "X d&rc; say, Master Humphrey You'll he 1 fne enough with your victuals to- night." j I wish they would come down. I think j I shall read till they do. Then, perhaps, I han't feel bo hungry." j With thiB laudable determination he took a book, and turned his back upon the table. It ; was a course which his father had onoe ro- commended to him as boing a prudent one, when one had to wait. Peril ©cane next, and found him there, and ! then Ratty, and they seated themselves ; Humphrey taking the foot of the table, and doing the host with all imaginable quaintness ' and grace. " Let us go into the garden," observed | Katty, when the meal was over, " while slie takes the things away. It is too cold in the drawingroom, and I can't afford two fires at : once." They went out ; It was still daylight, and not seven o'clock. Tho fires of the west were glowing yet, and the air was still warm after the mellow, balmy day. Peril was dressed in one of those "white summer dresses " which Mrs. Trelawney had : been desirous for her to have. Her white ' face, above her white dress, made her dark eyes and dusky hair look deeper still. She ( plucked one of the deep red roses and stuok | It into the bosom of her dress, and paced j about with Katty for a little while. Hum- i pbrey went to swing on the gate, a favorite pastimo of his, and by-and-hy Peril went into the house again, and stole towards a j very tinkling old piano which stood in the j parlor — a very sad and deplorable old in strument, which could have known no tuner's | Sneers for many a year. Out of It she managed to extract some notes which pleased her, and finding that the room was empty, he opened it, and ran her fingers over the keys, and had been wandering in and out of various sad and intricate little harmonics for ome little time, when Katty's voice came in at the open window. "Sing Mignon for me, Peril, audi will walk about here and cry ; it is what X should enjoy more than anything." This song was peculiarly suited to Peril's voice and style, and she sang it, on the raro occasions when she did sing, eon avwre, Its mystic sadness appealed to her as no other ong that she knew — and o there, as well as Mrs. Woodfall, might have found that tears were forced from them by the passion and the pathos with which that voice asked the long ing question : Kennst da das Land ? Kenost da es wohl ? And the strength of the yearning with which tile last notes swelled out : Dahin, dahin, mttcht' Ich tnitdir O mein BeschUUwr Ziehen ( " Dahin 1 toohin /" was the question sho asked herself, as the notes died away, and sho folded her hands on her lap, and let the crowd of thoughts, which this song always aroused, flow into her mind. M Thither— but whore ?" It was what aho had a<ked (leraelf of herself all her sad young life, and had got no answer yet. Thero was a sort of noise and bnstlo out ride ; laughing, talking, and — not crying, uroly not crying, but a sort of incoherent, wild bustle, and then a voice which thrilled her, and brought memories recent, bitter, yst not because of anything it had ever said. Bother, it had tried to soothe her. "Well, my dear littlo lad, don't smother me. Save me alive," said this voice, laughing and caressing. And then came Katty's ; and they all surged nearer to the door, and nearer to her. 41 Come in I come in ! To think that you have i calked all the way from Foulhaven I" And then it seemed they were all in the . parlor — all three of them ; Paul, with Hum phrey half on his shoulder, half in his arms, doing his best to smother him : Katty hanz- ing on his arm, radiant delight in each of the faces. Peril felt her heart stabbed— felt herself a discordance, a disturbance : not wanted on the scene. She rose, silently like a tall, white ghost out of the dusk in the oorner. Lawford saw her, and stopped abruptly in his laughtor. " Peril, did yon ever know suoh a thing !" exclaimed Mrs, Woodfall, and her voico was vibrating, had tears iu it. " And wo wore talking about him this very afternoon. I was just beginning to cry over your song, when .he lifted the latch of the goto and walked in." "Never expecting to find yon here," said Paul, releasing his right hand, and going tip to her. Peril put hers into it silently. It was very . like a dream — and yet how real ! Chapter X. — Forecasting. "So you walked all the way," repeated Katty, " You seem to think I am much to be pitied on that account. I can tell you it was splen did— after Darkingford. I found, on inquiring at Foulhaven, that 4 flies,' as they call Ihcm, cost a small fortune ; and there ip a carrier's cart " "Yes," interrupted Humphrey, "and ho goes past here at nine o'clock every night with a lantern, when I'm asleep." " Put glad you pass your tic.o in such a be coming manner," said hU father. "So I en gaged the carrier, by a solemn vow, to convey my luggage thither this night, and " " He is a dear old thing," interrupted Katty. 44 He conveyed my few valuables up here, soon after I came ; aad as it was a largo under taking, he sent me in a written bill, 4 To de livering 1 cart load of gods.' 1 nearly died witb laughing whilo I was paying him." Mrs, Woodfall had another good fit of laughter at the recollection, and it struck Peril how very fanny it was, that instead of solicitous inquiries after each other's health and welfare, they should immediately on meeting begin to recount the eccentricities of the village carrier. " "Well, my 4 gods,' will take up only a yery mall corner of hie cart," remarked Paul, with a smile ; upon hearing which Katty seemed to remind herself that his coming was quite unexpected, and she said quickly ; " But tell me, Paxil, why have you come ? Have you a holiday, or " 44 I am sure you will want to hear all Mr. Lawford 'g news, Katty," said Peril, rising, with somewhat of an effort ; for she would gladly have escaped all notice if she could, but felt that the time was come to speak. "I will leave you to yourselves, and it u not too lato for me to call at the Rectory, and ask after Mrs. Trelawney." a You sit still," said Mrs. Woodfall. " Why should you hurry awdy for Paul ? lie may have some news for you too," "I suppose I have, in a way," said Lawford; apd Peril noticed, now that he was quieter, and had become grave, that he looked, liko Katty, a little haggard aad a good deal tired. 44 You are very kind to give me such a welcpme, Katty," he added ; " but though I'm delighted to see you, 1 should have bean better pleased to put the meeting off a littlo longer. You ask if 1 have got a holiday — as long a one as I like to take, my dear, for Mr. Hftukiuaon told me lie was going to reduce the number of hie clerks, and naturally would give the preference to those woo had been with them longest," ' Oh, Paul !" said Katty, in a deep voice of great disappointment, while Peril interjected a quick little — 44 Oh, ho- U he dace, without consulting jp» V V little. "Ho is the master, d not have been very agree fueling that there was ade my bow with the best yjie away. And besides, \one, it would have been \ than I could stand." A Mr. Lawford ? " askeu Sj. nence, as she leaned UplXK forward, and clasping her hands, looked earnestly into his face. It was dusk, nearly dark, but a flickering flame from tho fire cant its light upon her countenance, and it seemed to Paul that there was something almost Rtern in its set gravity and resolution. 14 Yes, ho has gone ; he set sail the day before yesterday, and 1 went down to Liver pool to sue him off. He went away in very good spirits ; better spirits than he left poor Miss Hankinson in. I went to see her yester day, and told hor all About it. You don't know her much. Miss NowolL 1 think ?" "Very little." " Well, my conviction is that she is a really noble, unselfish woman — a little bit too un selfish, I'm afraid, Jf she had mode rather more of an outcry, and refused to give Master Hugh her promise to wait for him, he might perhaps have acted more Bensibly" 41 Perhaps, 1 " said Peril, very quietly. "But there arc many ways of bringing people to their senses," Lawford did not volunteer any more in formation about Hugh ; Peril asked no more questions. He was surprised to see the apparent apathy aud indifference with which he treated the matter. Ho knew nothing of the letter she had written to Nowoll, or he would, perhaps, have understood better the feeling covered by this outside indifference. As it was, he began to wonder if, perhaps, he was coming to look at things in a le9s morbid light — more healthily — less sentiment ally and romautically. They had been left by Katty during this conversation. She had remembered that Paul would be fasting and hungry, and had slipped out to see after some kind of a meal, and to look to the preparation of a room for him. He sat in the chair on which he had placed himself when he came in, with Humphrey in his arms, and the littlo boy had become very quiet. " He's gone to sleep," observed Paul, softly, looking down into tho child's face. " No wonder," said Peril. " He has been almost unceasingly on his feet since about ten o'clock this morning." 44 Do you care for children ?" 41 1 never knew any properly before. I care for him. He is a very dear littlo boy." Lawford mndo no answer, but looked into hia son's face again, and again the light flickered up. Peril saw the look — saw the changed expression ; she had never seen Lawford look like that before. A deep sigh roso up iu her breast — a Bigh which, if bIio had given room to it, would have been a sob ; but she repressed it. And then Katty camo in, with candles in her hand, followed by Anna with a tray, and Paul was desired to refresh himself, while the sleeping Humphrey was roused sufficiently to give a half- unconscious kiss, and stumble up the stoop old stairs to bed. It Was late in the evening by the time Panl had finished his meal, and Peril, who had been silent, a'nd bad pondered over his news, felt that rIib wanted solitude, and must go, She rose, more decidedly this time, and went upstairs to put on her things. When she caiae down, Lawford stood waiting with his hat in his hand. 44 1 am going to wall: home with you," he said. Peril kissed Katty silently. How was it, why should it be, that this sudden return of Paul Lawford should eeem a great cvont, not only to these hit nearest, and— lot ub pre sume—dearest, hut to her, a stranger and an alien, who could have no concern with him ? 44 You say,'1 she observed, as they walked slowly down tho dark lane, 44 that Hugh went off in good spirits ?" 11 Excellent spirits, I think it was quite natural. Yon see, he is five-and-twenty, and strong, and full of life and hone. He has everythiug before him. and he 13 doing some thing which he, :it any rate, thinks uncommon and very line." " You don't, I suppose ? sho said, a little deprecatingly. 44 1 do not, Miss Nowoll, and I told him so. I said if be had been alone in the world, it would have been different, and so it would. lie uid not seem to understand that bo was not alone in tho world, und so ha has gone," " I hope no harm will coxuu to him." 44 You are very good, I am sure. I think, I mu3fc say, that lie is a young man who will discover the knack of falling on his feet, where- over ho is tambiod and tossed to." 44 Ob, that sounds ill-natured." 44 It isn't m» ruit so, I assure you." "And yon, Mr. Lawford? Pardon my question: v. ill you stay here now, or — — " 44 You are very kind to take any Interest in me. I have decided upon nothing. Probably I shall communicate with my brother-in-law — Woodfall — aud we shall have a family con sultation as to what is best to be done. I really think ho and I could not do better than follow Novell's example ; qualify our selves to bo skilled artisans, and be off to the backwoods. It would save us many a pang, and spare my lad heaps of mortifications when he grows old enough to fiud that he is so much poorer than other boys Unfortu nately, wo have both a prejudice in favor of socioty and civilisation ; it is doubtless selfish on our part. For tho immediate present, how ever, I shall stay hero, aud give Humphrey some lessons. Here we are at the gate of Stanosocre House." " So wo are 1 Tho way has been short. Good uight, Mr. Lawford. I thank you for your escort." Ho innrmured some words of politeness, saw that she opened the door and entered the lighted hail, and then ho turned and took his way hack towards tho Grange. 44 Fallen house of fallen fortunes," ho said to himself, and thought with some bitterness what an an- lucky dog he was Tbe front door of his house still stood open; he went in, closing it after him, and found Katty in the parlor, seemingly very tired, for she had stretched herself upon the old sofa, and lav with her hands folded and her eyes closed Paul stooped over her and kissed her cheek, and she oponcd her eyes. He saw that they were wet, aud ho kis-od them too, 44 Have you been wasting your thoughts and your tears on me, Katty?" "Spcndiug thcra, not wasting," said she tenderly. 44 1 don't suppose the dav will ever come when I shall consider a thought be stowed upon you wasted ; at least, I hope t not. Oh, Paul, forgive my carelessness to- ! nlcbt ! I was so overjoyed to see yon that I ! quite forgot it must have been some mishap | that had brought you here so suddenly. I ! could have bitten ray tongue out after I bad ! asked you that question, and found that you \- had been scot away by that horrid man and ! with Peril Novvell here, too ! It WA9 most indiscreet of uic !" f 44 If you never commit any worse indiscre tion, mv dear, than that, you will do," he said, Jaughing gently, as he seated himself on a chair beside her. 44 Miss Nowell is qnite welcome to know all about my concerns. They are «o far off hers, and so far removed from all pereou.il contact with her affairs, that it no inurq affects Lie for her to know them thnn it would if I heard that some one had mentioned to the Queen that I was very badly off ; I mean, practically it is all the 6ame. Fancy if the Queen tried to concern herself ahuut every clerk who had a griovanco 1 Fancy Peril Nowell intervening every time that her mauagcr made a slight alteration in his business arrangements." 44 Ah I" said Katty, after a pause of reflec tion. 44 That is all very well, Paul, to talk about the Queen— and all that. Peril is a friend— a personal friend of mine now." "So muvh the inqro zc-asou why sho should know all about us. 1 assure you, Katty, thore was no sting to me in what you said, \Ye spoke o i it as i took her home. It leaves mo freer than I might have been in regard tq her. No one can possibly suspect i any danger from me ; whereas, in a place like this, had I been just a little better off " " Oh, I know what you mean ! Mrs. Trelawney has formed Peril's fnturc — has chosen a husband for her, and means her to marry him. Let us .not talk of that ; let us talk of yon and of us. I sometimes wish that we were just a little better off, Paul. I wish that life were not such a hand-to-hand battle with poverty, and struggle with the wolf — if only tho wolf would sometimes go away for a little while — just a little while. I get so tired of it sometimes, and feel as if I could hold out no longer." 44 You are the bravest woman, and the best, in tho world," he said, kissing her hands eagerly. 41 Do not think I don't know it, What would have become of me — where would Philip have been if it had not been for yon, Katty ? Yon said in a letter the other day that you had grown into & hag, and had not an atom of flesh on your bones. You added, I believe — " 44 Wrinkles and grey hairs," said Mrs. Wood- fall, prosaically ; and then, with a sigh, 44 and I used to be such a good looking girl, Even yon must be able to remember, Paul 44 1 remember," said he, his voice deepening. 44 1 remember you when . I was a boy of twelve, and yon were fifteen ; and how proud I was of you, Katty. A few years later when Woodfall — do you remember? — was moon struck and helplessly in love with you. You were more than good looking then. I never remember a lighter grace in a girl's form, or a brighter eye, or a more winning face ; and, as you say, hero are hollows" — and lie touched her cheek — "aud wrinkles" — passing his hand across her ljrw — 14 and grey hairs; one or two to be discovered by a careful and micro scopic investigation "—his hand Bwept gently over the still thick And glossy hair, in which here and there a grey line did appear. 44 1 grant you them ail, my dear, since you are so eager for them ; aud you are more beautiful with them, to me, than you were without them, Katty, my Bister." It was with as much reverence as love that he kUaed the brow that carried the lines they hqd spoken of ; and Katharine was weeping now real tears— tears which had as much of joy as of sorrow in them. 44 After all," she said, 44 we hove p> roof, and we cannot starve ; and — and — I wouldu't change my husband and my brother for any 1 others in the world !" "Though they have given you as much trouble as if they had been hoys instead of men." 44 And as much delights as if thoy were— what they are— perfect after their kind," sho aid, stifling a laugh' which broke through her tears. 44 Oh, I do feel so much better now ? I think I must have had what a sentimental German governOBs, who once boarded with me, used to call a dump/e Ahnuny, that you were coming, Paolo, or that something was going to happen. I felt hysterica! all day, half inclined to cry. I had just begun in listening to Peril singing Mignon when you camo. Now I've had it out. A nice senti mental pair wo are. Let us write a letter to Philip, and just tell him how happy we are." She jumped off the sofa tg find her writing things, and observed, as sho came to the table— "I liko Peril Nowoll, Panl. I dare say tbere may be something wild in her, bnt there is something Tery sweet as well, to me, even in her majestic gravity. I don't wonder you were smitten with her. Yon know, in yoar first letter about her, you did rava 4 pretty considerably,' sir." 44 Did I ?" said Paul. 44 Yes, indeed ! Lately tbere has been less about her ; but, perhaps"— she spoke slowly — 44 not because you have thought less, eh ?" She put her arm over his shoulder aad laughed. 44 No," said her brother quietly ; 44 tho very reverse." 44 Poor Paul !" said Katty caressingly ; and they spoke not another word on the subject. The letter to Philip was written, and then Katty, wearied with her long day's work, -v. utw.uui nut m ma uuu littlo parlor wide awake doing notbine — pon dering seemingly— until far into the night. 