Orthodoxy of Heart. BY DR. PAHKEH. (Concluded.) Of one thing I am sure, that no Christian heart can, in its best moods, view with unconcern the attitude of many eminent, men towards the Christianity of the day. Would to God they could believe in Jesus Christ as (lie only Saviour of the world! IIow willingly would we stand back that they might stand at the front, and in their own noble eloquence tell the world of the love of God ! How precious our privilege to stand at their feet and hear them discourse of heavenly things! For brass they would bring gold, and for iron silver, and for wood brass, and for st ones iron! Would to God we might, by intellectual service, by holy intercession, by gracious sympathy, or in some other way be made (lie means of winning'them to the Cross and bringing them to the Son of God. (Loud cheers.) ENLARGED DEFINITION 01- ORTHODOXY. Any of us can thrust ourselves upon the poor man, or valiantly open the widow's cottage door. My thoughts are moving in other directions. 1 miss so many of the kings of men ! " The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together against t he Lord, and against His anointed." They are beyond the inlluenceof my beclouded and feeble mind ; but how know I that they may not be won by continuous and hopeful prayer ? ' Lying side by side with the thought of doing good to tlio^e who are at least not nominally with us, is the kindred thought of frankly recognising whatever good we may discover in their spirit and teaching. We must never 'applaud the rant which announces all outsiders as either self-deceivers or public pesls. That is pliarisaisin of tiie basest type. It is ignorant selfidolatry. We cannot call to mind such names as Darwin, Huxley, Tyndall, Stuart Mill, Spencer, together with the names of many of their followers, without thankfulness not onlv for their splendid genius and erudition, but for solidity of character and beneficence of service which it would be an impertinence to praise. (Cheers.) I will venture to go farther, and say that if I attempt to find the cause or inspiration of this moral excellence, 1 would rat her trace it to the unconscious, and therefore unacknowledged, ministry of Christ in the heart, t han to the invention of a meaner power. Who can set arbitrary limits to the priesthood of Jesus Christ, or say where the inspiration of the Holy Spirit definitely ceases to operate? Give unto the Lord the glory due unto llis name. (Loud cheers.) UNCONSCIOUS INFLUENCE. As evangelical teachers we ought to be slow to trace any good tiling to uninspired human conception. The way of the Lord is mysterious and not to be found out in all its infinite course. Many a time we may have to exclaim in places off the common track, Surely the Lord is here, and I knew it not! " Lo, He goeth by me, and I see Ilim not; lie passeth on also, but I perceivo Iliiu not" (Job ix. 11). There are lights which look like human inventions, are announced as such, are patented as such, are publicly sold as such ; yet as all those little lights are sparkles of a fire we never kindled, so in morals there are conceptions of right and wrong, theories of social regeneration, and codes of duty and honour, which may owe all their value to the inspiration they deny. Who*can tell to what skeleton shapes they would be reduced if they could be made to stand apart from the sustaining and beautifying influences which constitute Christian civilisation, and from the many outlines and forces which give perspective and colour to what would otherwise be an infinite void ? We have not sufficiently magnified this consideration in forming our estimate of human progress. 1 am distinctly in favour of claiming all this outlying property in the name of Christ. Every good tiling is His alone. Every battle of right against might is Christ's war ; every encroachment of knowledge upon ignorance is Christ's invasion ; every search for that which is lost is Christ's quest; every stoop over the bed of pain or death is Christ's condescensions. If as Christians we were not first in those holy services we ought to have been ; and if we have been outrun in this sacred race we must find the reason in our own lack of energy, for it certainly is not to be found in the will or purpose of Christ. (Cheers.) THE SECRET OF SUCCESSFUL VliEAClIING. If I have done anything in the course of my lifetime to entitle me to speak to students and young preachers, my affectionate exhortation to them would be to cultivate holiness and tenderness of heart. " Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of il are the issues of life." *' Take heed to thyself and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the tilings which thine eyes have seen, and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life." " Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." In this culture you will find tlie secret of true preaching. This holy training will save you from the feeling of contempt which merely intellectual preachers almost necessarily feel for certain members of their congregations. Who has not heard the vain- glorious intellectual puppet declare that he u really cannot preach to greengrocers and servantmaids ? " Or rejoice that a solicitor has taken a pew in his church, and that two surgeons are occasional attendants ? Or that the most intelligent hearers are the most idolatrous ? Or that if he were leaving the town, though greengrocers and tallow-chandlers would utter no lamentation, the intellectual splendour of the entire muncipality would undergo total and prolonged eclipse? The spirit that can talk so knows nothing of the Cross of Christ. The preacher that can so debase his mission is an Iscariot in the pulpit. (Applause,) A SOLEMN WARNING. The truly Christian preacher does not, preach to trades, professions, scholastic certificates or university degrees ; these " shoes" are to be " put off " outside the sanctuary, and within that holy place not hing is to he recognised but the sinfulness of the human heart, the universal need of Christ's vicarious sacrifice, and the necessity of being born again by the grnciouB and mighty energy of God the Holy Ghost. " 0 Son of Man, I have set Thee a watchman unto the house of Israel: if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come and take any person from among them, lie is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hands." It is a question of blood ! The blood of murdered men is on the skirts of unfaithful ministers! In vain do we give men new ideas of the universe, new conceptions of spiritual truth, brilliant answers to intellectual objections, and dazzling displays of many-colored erudition, if we keep back the saving gOBpel, the humbling cross, the redeeming blood— if we let men slumber in their iniquity, if we hide the bottomless pit, if we make light of sin, if Ave turn the ministry into one of the learned professions—the blood of murdered men will be required at the watchman's hand. A thrill of horror paralyses the soul as we think of the appalling meaning of the' the term "damnation." Who can measure its darkness, who can express its pain, who can follow the mystery of its agony ? But to what infinite significance is the meaning of the term raised when the mini who is condemned is a nominal minister of Christ—driven away because of unfaithfulness, banished because lie kept back the truth, damned because lie murdered the souls of men! WHAT LOVE CAN DO. Love will outrun genius. Love will wait longer than statesmanship. Love will stand at the door and knock long after dignity has fallen into deep sleep. Love will see tlie man, where self-conscious morality will only see the sinner. The darkness and the light are both alike to love. The bent figure passing to and fro in the thick night is love: the tired stranger whose locks are wet with heavy dews is love : the spectre walking on the troubled sea towards more troubled men is love : the wanderer in quest of the lost lamb is love: love never faileth—God is love ! What but love—love of God, love of Christ, love of men—could live and work with anxious hopefulness iu some parts of the very London in which we are now gathered? No words can fitly describe the awful circumstances. We cannot, indeed, properly pronounce the words which even dimly indicate the perdition, the Emoke of who.-e torment beclouds the splendour of our garish civilisation. Only a man who has known the pain of hunger can properly pronounce the word " hunger " : it is a part of a foreign language to us; we know its letters, we do not know its gnawing cruelty, but he knows all the horrors of the expressive i term. Gentility turns aside from the darker features I of the times: pedantry asks for rising neighbourhoods j and social dist inctions : self-indulgence is anxious about | its smoking feast and downy couch: speculation prays j that its serene retreat be unviolated by the noise of ' vulgar tragedies ; vanity exhausts itself in petty idolatries : learning plans au extension of its library,—still the appalling facts remain a daily appeal to Christian at tention : still the little child dies in the fcetid room ; the reeling drunkard staggers to his bed of straw; ruined womanhood cries for vengeance ; pale hunger dies in silence ; discontentment plots the downfall of society; bold blasphemy drowns the plea of timid prayer ; still tlie darkness lengthens its deadly shadow, and still tlie pit widens into a gloomier abyss ; and in the face of facts which are their own eloquence I venture to contend that the only force equal to the overwhelming occasion is a sanctified heart, a love like Christ's own, a compassion large and soft as the pity of God. (Cheers.) A STARTLING INDICTMENT. I have supposed a speech t,o be delivered to us by men who wish to take up Christian work whose only education is (he inspiration of love. 1 can hear another speech still more poignant and impatient in tone. Imagine the gathered hordes of ignorance, misfortune, misery, and shame, having gone the round of all the Unions, Conferences, Assemblies, and Convocations, held in the course of the ecclesiastical year: imagine one of the members of that suffering community representing his comrades, and putting their sorrows and their wishes into words, and his speech might take some such turn as this :—" We have had a full year among you, and we cannot very well make out what you are driving at. We do not know most of the long words you use. You are all well dressed and well fed, and you are D.D.'s and M.A.'s and B.A.'s. We do not know what you arc or what you want to be. From what we can make out you seem to know that we poor devils arc all going straight down to a place you call hell; there we are lo burn for ever and ever, and gnash our teeth in pain that can never end: we are to be choked with brimstone, stung by serpents, laden with chains : then why don't you stop us on the road? Why don't you stand in front of us and keep us back from the pit and the fire and the worm that cannot die ? We read the inky papers which you call your ' resolutions,' but in them there is 110 word for us that is likely to do us real good. They say nothing about our real misery; nothing about our long hours, our poor pay, our wretched lodgings. Why don't you pass resolutions about the distiller, the brewer, and tlie publican ? (Loud and prolonged cheers.) We cannot stagger to our warrens and rookeries, where the chairs are stones, and the beds are straw, and the pictures our own black shadows, without passing the public-house and catching tempting whiffs of the hot drinks that make us worse than beasts. The publican robs us, mocks us, poisons us, and turns us out of doors. Why don't you call him robber and murderer, and drive him out of'the land ? He takes your pews, sings your hymns, passes your resolutions, presides at your meetings, and throws a crust to the orphan whose father he killed. You call yourselves men of God. What God ? Where is He ? What does He say ? What does He want ? When you come amongst us, you come against your will; some of you live upon us almost as much as the publican does, by writing tales about us, making speeches about us, drawing pictures of us in papers and books, getting our secret out of us and then selling it for silver. We have been watching you, and we have formed our opinion of you just as certainly as you have formed your opinion of us. We have seen the auctioneer knock down the cure of 60uls to the highest bidder ; we have heard the chapel man haggle for higher pay, and boast of the respectability of his pew-tenants and* the gentility of his neighbourhood ; we have heard your backbiting of one another: open graves, whited sepulchres, impostors all! How can ye escape the damnation of hell ? " THE SUM OF THE WHOLE MATTER. I pray you, brethren, not to miss the solemn purpose of this address by fixing upon some doubtful word or phrase in it, but 'keep in view the plea and illust ration as a whole. The sacred theme lias called us to Rightness of Heart—the Rightness which is a Divine creation through the infinite mystery of the blood of atonement, and a Divine miracle through the gracious energy of the Holy Spirit—apart from winch most, precious blood and most vital renewal, even Christianity would be as a tabernacle without a holy of holies. Remember that such rightness of heart is'magnified even to supremacy by the whole testimony of inspired Scripture ; that by the very necessity of its Christliness it continually yearns for the salvation of the whole world ; that by the same necessity it would so restrain and attemper all controversy as to make it a means of spiritual discipline and education ; that it brings to the study of the profoundest mysteries the inestimable qualification of spiritual sympathy and insight; that by the same necessity it would elevate and sanctify the literature which so strongly affects religious judgment and religious action ; and that by the same necessity—the sweet, and persuasive constraint of Christ's own love and cross—it would go out after that which is gone astray, and bring in the poor and the friendless to the supper of the Great King; let us obey the holy call: let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from us with all malice : let us be kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven us every 011c : let us be followers of God as dear children; walking in love as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given Himself for us au offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet-smelling savor. Then will the day dawn and tlie shadows tiee away ; then will the sower and the reaper hail each other in the same field and abundantly rejoice together: then will a new earth sun itself in the glory of new heavens : then will families dwell in harmony, and every house become a sacred home : then our Congregational Union, as one of the many tribes of Christian Israel—a confederation of free and independent minds—rich without patronage, and orderly without penalty—illustrating rather the mystery of gravitation than the action of mechanics—retaining its peculiarities, and surpassing its genius by its charity—shall wield its deepest and noblest influence, having merged all its ambitions and all its honours in the supreme and most holy desire to be " a band of men whose HEARTS God has touched." 