RUTHERGLEN POLICE COURT. February 27, 1884. (Before Mr. L. Fraser, J.P.) John Cushnin, brought up for insulting behaviour, was discharged with a caution. Ah Ping y. Lamp Kool.— CJniin.ior £8 10a., money lent, was not! led out of court. Anotiiek Ghost.— For tho last fow weoks thoro liiui boon a ghost amusing :biinnolf liy j alarming pooplo in tho Rutliorglon district.- Unlike tho last ono this in a conventional whito ghost, who appears oortainly at rather unghostiy hours (botwoen 9 and 11 p.m.) along tho Chiltorn road. There la vory littlo doubt that wo . will havo plonty of ghost otorios boforo long, and wo will publish everything that wo think will intorest our readers. . Terrible Accident.— A frightful accident happened last Sunday to a selector named Patrick Gain, at the Lower Black Dog Creek, near Matiide's. The nnfortn- nato was riding, whon his horao shied, itlirowing him violontly ' ngoinst a tree. im mo ground tlio tiorso foil and rolled upon him completely crushing his right log. Hn was conveyed to the "Wan- garatta Hospital, where ho arrived at six in .tho-moming, The leg was sot by Dr. Macfarlaue Qud liopen are entertained that '(imputation, will bo unnecessary. A Novel Sooietv.— Eathcra novel idea was conceived by aRutborglen publican (?) aboxit fortnight ago, viz., .tho formation of'nn Anti-Swearing Society, tho objects of which are to put down' tho fearful habit of BWcnring in both young and old. No mom- nro charged, and the ponalty is light., - The rules are that a member of tho 'sodiofcy 'henriag ..another awoar chall ira. mediately cheok him, imd tho swoiudr will then apologise. Should ho refuso to do oo : ho. is shunned by tho iv holo of tho mombors .until ho does bo. The idea is certainly original, nnd we think might) woll bo fol lowed in many otber placeB, An Exciting Chase.— Passengers by the afternoon train from Wahgunyah had the opportunity of witnessing a very exciting chase. It appears that a young man named Arthur Parnell was wanted by the police for the larceny of a saddle and bridle. The prisoner was recognised on the platform by constables Percy and Craw- ley, and Mr. C. Anderson, McCulloch's agent. As soon as he saw the police Parnell slipped on to the engine, and while the force were ransacking the goods shed, he ran out through the lobby and headed towards Mr. E. Smith's, hotly pursued by Mr. Anderson. Parnell had a good start, but could not shake off his pursuer, who came up with him in a swamp, near the river, and effected his capture, much to the disgust of the ladies inhabiting the Chinese camp, who were loud in their commiseration for the culprit. 