PARLIAMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. \--is- LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY, February 16. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 o'clock, ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. WRIGHT, In reply to Mr. Holtermann for Mr. Clark, said that a definite course had been decided upon by the Government respecting a water supply for" St. Leonards. The contract for the supply of pipes was let on the 15th December, 1883. The municipalities of St. Leonards bad informally expressed their opinion that it would be sufficient for the present to deliver the water at St. Leonards at such a height as it would reach by gravitation from Crown- street roses voir, which would be about 120 feet above sea level. Mr. STUART,' for Mr. Reid, in reply to Mr. A. G. Taylor, said that the lady students at Hurlstone College had either received the allowance (come £16 each) due to them for last year, or were about to receive it. He understood that the Minister for Public Instruction was at the present time in correspondence with the authorities at the University, so that a sum of money might be paid from the increased endowment which appeared on the Estimates in favour of that institution, for a course of evening lectures to connection with the University. Mr. DIBBS, in reply to Mr. A. G. Taylor, said that a total Burn of £3020 10s. 3d had been paid to the trustees in the estate of the late James McNab, ironmonger. Mr. STUART, for Mr. Cohen, in reply to Mr. A. G Taylor, said that the Muster in Equity was supposed to be in attendance at his office from half-past 10 to li am. The warrants for attendance before the Master were made returnable at 11 o'clock, the same time as equity cession menced before the Primary Judge in Equity. The Master was in variably at his chambers before 11 o'clock. Appoint- ments were not sit idly made returnable between 2 and 3.30 pm. except when there was a pressure of business. Mr. WRIGHT, in reply to Mr. Suttor, said that a new rate sheet came into force on the railways on the 1st February. A ton of flour was carried for 13s. 4d. from Bathurst to Sydney, and no more was charged with four tons were put into the truck. The matter was receiving further consideration. Mr. WRIGHT, in reply to Mr. Abigail for Dr. Hope, said that there were regulations by which the refreshment rooms at railway stations were regulated. The price of a cup of tea or coffee was 6d. Mr. STUART, for Mr. Reid, said in answer to Mr. Withers, who asked whether it was a fact that a teacher in the Crown-street Public school had been in the police lookup for drunkenness, that after all inquiries had been made into the matter there did not appear to be any record of It. Mr. CAMERON asked the Minister for Works, without notice, whether it was true that a report had been furnished by the commission appointed to report upon the suitableness of the Post Office carvings, and that the report which condemned the carving and recommended their removal was being acted upon. Mr. WRIGHT paid that a report had been furnished in the matter, and that it had been decided to act upon it. He had area by instructed the Colonial Architect to furnish plans for a suitable substitute for the carvings. MOJSK-WEARMOUTI1 RAILWAY BILL. Mr. Burns brought up the report of, the Select Com- mittees on the Monk Wearmouth Railway Bill. It was ordered that the report reprinted. FOREST LODGE NEAR TARLO ESTATE BILL. Mr. TEECE brought up the report of the Select Committee on the Forest Lodge near Tarlo Estate Bill. It was ordered that the report be printed. PUBLIC TANKS, WELLS, AND DAMS. Mr. A. G. TAYLOR, for Mr. Dangar, moved,-" That there be laid upon the table of this House a return showing -I. The number of public tanks, wells, or dam constructed, or in course of construction, in the Namoi, Gunnedah, Gwydir, Bogan, and Bourke Electorates din tinguishing the electorate), specifying the road upon which constructed, name of the place, and distance from each other on the same line of road. 2. The name of contractor in Fitch case, the cost of construction, and amounts paid since by way of repairs, and if such were let by tender or otherwise. 3. How such are worked-by which, windmill, windlass, or horse power ; if fenced in. or how protected. i. Dinoiiug those handed over to the Mines Department for management, the uncompleted ones, with the names of contractors, and time fixed for completion. 6. Yearly rent received from each of these, names of lessees and caretakers, scale of charges adopted at each, with copy or general regulations, and if such has been published for general information. 6\. Numbers, particular?, area, and date of proclaim. thou in Gazette of all travelling? stock reserves connected with or surrounding such tanks, wells, or dams, and if such Bro fenced or intended to be. 7- Names of present rank inspectors, copies of their reports, or of stock inspectors, or any other person relating in any way to these tanks, &c.;" The motion was agreed to. RETURNS Willi REGARDING SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS AND LICENSES Mr HUTCHINSON moved,-"1 hot the following returns be laid upon the table of this House for the oars 1881, 1882, and 1883 respectively -1 The quantity in gallons of spirits, wines, and beers respectively imported into this colony 2. The quantity in gallons of spirits, wines, and beers respectively manufactured in this colony. 3 The quantity in gallons of spirits wines, and beers respectively imported and manufactured per head of the population of the colony 1 Also returns from each police district of the colony including the metropolitan district, under the following he is -a The number of licensed houses in each district b the nn nber of colonial wine wholesale wine and spirit and brewers licenses rec] actively ' in each district, also the number of licenses to distil I spirits c The number of convictions for drunkenness d the number of convictions for drunkenness, with obscene or indecent language c The number of con- I victions for drunkenness, with riotous behaviour J Tbo number of convictions for drunkenness with common assault by The number of convictions for drunkenness, with assault upon the poll e A the number of offences of the above nature committed between Sam ju Saturday and Sam on Sunday) and the Ilka between 8 a.m. on Sunday and a in on Monday i the number of convict tons for selling on Sunday j The number of convictions for selling during prohibited hours other than for Sunday selling K Ihn number of convictions for selling adulterated liquors That such returns in future be laid upon the table of this House and printed as soon after the close of the fear as possible " The motion was agreed to MOUNT KEMBLA LINE OF RAILWAY Mr CAMERON, for Mr Fletcher, moved for leave to bring in a bill to authorize the construction and mainten- face of a line of railway from land near Mount Kembla to the sea coast at Red Point Port Kembla, near Wollongong. The motion was agreed to PERSONAL EXPLANATION Mr SUTTOR said he wished to call attention to Borne remarks which had been made concerning himself by the Colonial Treasurer during the debate on the prevous night The Colonial Treasurer said something to the effect that he had had agreed opinion of him before he had delivered his re ent speech to the electors of Bathurst but since then he had been compelled to alter his opinion and further he made some remark which was not audible to the whole House, to the effect that the words which the hon member for Bathurst had made use of in part of his speech were such as were not fat to be given utterance to in the House He had a verbatim report of his speech, and he would now and it to the Colonial Treasurer and challenge him to point out any thing objectionable in it Air Dtnns is) surely, but he v ob interrupted by Mr Bp Fukui who informed him that there was no question befoidtho House Mr Spe k r remarked, however, lb it with the co-.ulruioeof the House he could reply (Hear, hear.) Mr. GRAY paid that he wished to call attention to a paragraph which appeared in the Daily) Telegraphic the report of a speech delivered by him on the previous night He was reported to have said, "Kick the Treasurer out of sales, und the country will be saved " He did not make use of those remarks, and be objected to having words placed in his mouth He stated that he was opposed to the policy of the Treasurer, but he did not make use of such an expression as the one alluded to MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. SUTTOR said he had just now called attention to a certain statement concerning a Breach of his which had been made by the Colonial Treasurer, and as he had not made any reply to his remarks, he would move the adjournment of the House, so that the Colonial Treasurer might now have an opportunity of doing so Mr WITHERS and that if the hon member had not moved the adjournment of the House would have done so for the purpose of drawing uttering an to an answer given to a question of his by the Colonial Secretary He had asked whether it was a fact that a tend her in a Public school had been loaned up for drunkenness and he received an answer to the effect that it was not in oil, he had positive information that the li richer in qui Allen was locked up for drunkenness, and if the Colonial Secretary did not deem it his dirt) to inquire into the matter he would move that a committee be appointed for that purpose Mr M'ELHON E said that he had but just entered the chamber and was informed that Mr Gray) had made a personal explanation deny guilt that he has said that if the Colonial measures were kicked out the country would be saved He (Mr M'elbone) asserted that he had met Mr (Gray on the verandah of the House, and, having been told that he had said this at the meeting of the Government supporters, be asked him if it were so, and Mr Gray) admitted that he had read it Mr. GRAY 1 Bimplydouy it Mr. M'ELnONli referred to a statement he had made on the previous evening, that he had been informed by a friend of his that the Postmaster-General had told him that at the time the treasurer was absent at Albury Mr Shepherd both had taken adv antics or has no notice to coerce the Government into giving his bank turn him to float the ' Postmaster-General said he (Mr M" Those) was a liar- I (no, not and be (Mr M'Uhouo) paid he would prove ii, and Co is id brought a it to r wish him written by Mr. James Lewis, and he would lead it to the Home Mr. SPEAKER said it was not in order to make out reference to 5 former debate, end nothing said outside the House with reference to the debates in Pat Ham on could be admitted to influence the House. Mr. M'ELHONE : He said I was a liar. Mr. TRICK KIT I said it was a lie. Mr. M'ELHONE : You said I was a Her. Mr. TRICKETT : No, I said it was a lie. Mr. SPEAKER: The hon. member for Paddington states that what he described to be a lie was a statement made to the hon. member, and not the strongest of the hon. member himself. It is not within my power to go outside the law of Parliament, and any letter which has over any inferred reference to a debate in the House cannot be road, for the reason that the House is the sole debating authority here. Mr. M'ELHONE: I think as I was stigmatised a year I should be allowed to load the letter. Mr. SLATTERY The hon. gentleman was not called a liar. Mr. M'ELHONE : I say if I am not allowed to read the letter in the House I will have it printed in the press, and for the whole country know of it. Mr. SPEAKER :" "Will the hon. gentleman inform me if the letter was written before the debate Y Mr. M'ELHONE : No. I went to Mr. Ewan this morning and got it from him. Mr. SPEAKER: If it were written after the debate, I am afraid it will be difficult to show that it was not written with reference to the debate. Will the hon. gentleman permit me to read the letter. [The letter was handed to Mr. Speaker, who read it.] It appears to me, if I am correctly informed, that at a previous debate there was a statement made by the hon. member, with reference to which the hon. resemble r for Paddington used the words, " It is a lie." referring either to the statement made by Mr. McElhone or to him in person, but the Postmaster-General now Buys it referred to the statement made by him. The letter referred to logins by a distinct reference to the conversation with Mr. T Kellett, and contains words referring to what occurred in a previous debate. I must lay it down that as the body of the letter-its substance-is written on account of a debate, or words used in a debate, in the House, the reading of the letter will not be admissible Mr. M'Elhone continued to refer to the matter. Mr. SPEAKER said that whilst the rule prohibited him from reading the letter, it equally prohibited him from Btatiujr its purport. It might be an inconvenience, and sometimes might be an injustice, that one hon. gentleman should not have an opportunity of replying to another hon. member in the way desired, still such were the rules of the House, and he was compelled! to enforce them. Mr. TRICKETT said he was sorry he should be concerned in any episode of this sort. He had always endeavoured to conform to the rules of the House, but still there were occasions no doubt when once permitted oneself to say more than one ought to do, and when direct statements were made affecting him or his character, which statements were, he know, untrue, not any threats of brute violence or anything else would prevent his standing up and denying them. He remembered some time ago acting with Mr. Ewan at a cafe, and as usual on these ocean search was twitted with the action of the Government in negotiating the loan at that time. So far as saying that any manager of a bank had induced or coerced the Treasurer Mr. M'ELHONeä I said he was away at Albury. Mr. SLATTERY : They were all there. (Laughter.) Mr. TRICKETT said that as to making any such state ment as that attributed to him, he said again, as he had raid on the previous night, that it was utterly untrue. No doubt Mr. Ewan had tried to put his own thoughts and wishes into his (Mr. Trickett's) mouth, and he would not let such a statement an had been made go by without standing up and stating that it was totally untrue. He never take anything of the kind. Mr. SPEAKER said that it was not desirable in the in terest of this deliberative assembly to introduce these private matters into the debate. Mr. GARRARD said that one side had been heard, and he thought the other side also should be. Mr. MELVILLE said that it was time that the House was aroused to a sense of its dignity. They had heard charges against one member after another, and now they had a charge against the Postmaster-General. They were told now that the word of Mr. Ewan, a member of the firm of John Frazer and Co., was be respected by the mercantile classes that it was to be taken in preference to Mr. Trickett's. As he had allowed his name to be used by the hon. member for the Upper Hunter, that gentleman could not complain if the House declined to accept him or his word. This Mr. Ewan was mixed up in a transaction which a Judge of the Supreme Court Mr." A. G. TAYLOR rose to order. was an attack on a private person behind his back to be allowed ? Mr. GARRARD said that, if an hon. member holding a private person to be the soul of honour, other hon. members had the power to express their opinion of him. Mr. SPEAKER said that it was not according to the | practice of this House to refer to proceedings which were I sub judice. Mr MLL\ ILLE said that he knew it was not strictly proper to refer to these matters, but this was a matter which to a great extent might be left to the discretion of hon member,-, for he held that this House was a higher tribunal is that the Supreme Court (Hear, . hear) they had been told by the hon. more her for the Upper Hunter that Mr Ewan was so honourable that not only the mercantile, 1 passes, but the working men, respected him It was time members of this House took a standard set their faces against this sort or thing (Hear, hear ) There was, some years ago, a fire in York street, which re- , v called the existence, of a large number of false labels (Hear, hear) Let us have the truth He lived in New- j town, and not far from where he lived there was a stills I white white spirit was manufactured for that gentleman , , [Sir John ("Grierson Name, name'] [Miss A t» Isa i oil Why don't you Bryan information-'] He was lay mir an information before the highest court latter country, and be objected to this gentleman being represented as a i paradox of innocence -V return had been called for when tim ¡_cntloniiiu'3 partner was in office, and it was delayed until he had gone out of office Mr Ewan was growing rich out of the worst traffic that over existed [fair Juuv RoituiiTSON Shame' shame'] The hon member for Mudgee might say) mamma, but he know that it was the truth [Sir John RoiiuitTSOV Never stands- a person behind his back 11 ruth was not slander and he wished to tour the thank of hypo rib) from the face of such person,, In this case we had the word of the Postmaster-General against that of Mr Ewan, end the conduct of the former hire had stamped on the minds of hon members the conviction that he was an honest man who hon member for the Upper Hunter, as usual when he had made an attack upon some member of this House or some absent person, had left the Chamber This afternoon the hon member had endeavoured to show a little wit as to the to me facture occasion, but the statement he had made was only on a par with nine out of every ten he made (hear, hearers that there was not a scintilla of truth in it (Hear, hear.) Mr. SPEAKER said that the hon member must ith draw that statement Mr HUGH TAYLOR Still, it is the truth Mr. Speaker Mr. MELVILLE said that he would withdraw his states most but he should be compelled to put his moaning in ( words more in accordance with the rules of Parliament (Hear, hear.) As for the hon member's charlies, if one brought him to the strict letter of the case, one always found that somebody else had told j him, or that he did not know what he, was talking about. Still the damage was irreparably I done. (Hear, hear) As to what the hon. member for the Upper Hunter had said of his (Mr Melville) sister's appointment, he had nothing to do with that The young lady was con Epcted with the education Department before he himself had a seat in the House She was sent to Campbelltown, and there discharged her school duties as well as any person in a similar position ['Mr. J Mahon. I am very glad to hear, it if it, is true] During the Christmas vacation a lady teacher bit Camp- belltown resigned, and Miss Melville applied for the position us a temporary one, subject to her passing an inanima- tion in French, and upon the inspector's reporn she was sent there. What crime was there in that i Helwasper fectly prepared for any charge Mr. McElhone might make. In fact, he trusted before long to assist the hon gentleman in proving himself to be the honest man he profess id but self to be. [Mr. M'Elhom; I defy you, and Idefytne world] He did not believe any hon. member would I get a drunkard a Government position and draw his salary and he was confident that the hon. member for too "v Upper Hunter was the last man in the House who would do anything of the kind in any circumstances. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON regretted that their time was wasted by these wicked accusations being made (Hi an, hour) Whether they were true or not, it was deplored so that they should be made, and hon. members not permitted to proceed with their business However, if the Colonial Treasurer would pardon him, he would like to express his desire that the hon. gentleman should withdraw an expression that, in regard to his speech at Bathurst, Mr. Suttor had taken an ungentlemanly course. The hon gentleman was. too mainly to justify his attack on Mr Suttor, who had been exceedingly moderate in his utterances at Bathurst In those utterances there was nothing that could not be applied to any hon, member. Mr. Didus Men think differently ) They had unkindness enough, and they would remove this des i UHBion now to a different class of men. What did Mr. Suttor say '( That he had made no charge against the honour or character of the Colonial Treasurer, and he had handed his speech to the treasurer. There was really nothing to warrant the Treasurer in charging Mr Suttor with union tlemanly conduct These accusations degraded Parliament. [Mr. SLATTERY Hear, hear: it's a disgrace every night.] All this might have been got rid of by the Colonial trea- surer saying he was glad to and (he hon. member Mr. Suttor had had no intention of saying anything with regard to his (Air. Dibbs) official character, and that he desired to hear nothing more about it All he (Sir John Robertson) wanted was that the Colonial Treasurer should withdraw the allegation that Mr. Suttor had behaved in an ungentle Be like manner towards him. Mr. HUMPHERY said he had been informed by the Postmaster-General that during his (Mr. Humphery) absence from the chamber a statement had been made by the hon. member for the Upper Hunter to the effect that eight or nine months ago during a conversation -with reference was made to the true time of a loan early last year. All he (Mr. Humphery) could records- of the better so that he was seated at the Roma decision "bro with Mr. Ewan and Mr. Trickett, and that some jocular representations took place in regard to the floating of the loan, but he was quite certain nothing serious was said with regard to the loan. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DIBBS said he was perfectly sure Sir John Robert t son, whatever he might attain to in this life, would attain In the next to the reward which was due to the peacemakers. 1 'crimp he (Mr. Dibbs had been the innocent cause, from a remark he had made last night, of what had taken plan" in int afternoon. In regard to this he would say that one be a member of the House had made remarks of a violent uri d coarBO character, which he had treated with the contempt they deserved : but he had expected, and did expect, that an ex-Minister, when he appeared in put -two and made a speech, would not allow his speech to d degenerate into a personal attack upon him. If he had board the hon. gentleman say to-night that in making his speech he had not intended any personal allusion to him (Mr. Dibbs) he would have been very glad to have accepted it." A Vbon the hon. member was prepared to do that he would be prepared to forgot the irritation the speech had caused him. The speech was one that might be delivered against any Government, but not against any individual member of the Government. Hon. members were led into too much. h license of speech in this IIouso-(cheers)-and because A they gave free vent to that license, which he was almost at >rry. they possessed ther, hour) they had seen occur in the Chamber that which every member would referred to III of end of his life. (Hear, hear.) No one deplored more than the the turn the debate has taken to-night. The name of private citizens had been introduced in a most uncalled for manner. (Cheers.) hon. members had no ' right to ¿'incusa'ia this House the personal affairs and ! characters of private citizens. (Cheers.) It was bad enough for one of themselves to pit there and be charged night after I light with crimes which they had never dreamt of committee g, and charged in such a way that there was no appeal. (Hi or, hear.) They had been done by only one hon. gentleman an, he would say, because he was thankful to be able to add lit that from the other members of the House he had always received more than the courtesy he deserved. But one hon. gentleman had night after night endeavoured to traduce his, personal and private character. [Mr Jones RoBERTSON : it does you no harm, He admitted it did no harm, but it felled the feelings of uni one-(cheers)-and when he sa> v hon. members giving way to the natural passer on of manhood, he began to feel whether his turn might not come some day, and he almost d; readed the consequences if it did. (Hear, hear.) He deep red the undue license of speech in the House. Hon. me tubers vote there is legislators to convince each other by the force of argument. (Cheers.) I'ho personal characters I of members ought to be known to their constituents who, sent them thorn-(cheers)-and once in the House they had a right to meet there an equal terms as gentlemen. (Chen rest He only prayed he might be preserved from any 6 exercise of that physical strength with which nature had el downed him, and which, if it once got the power, would bring about a very unhappy state of things for someone. I (Chpcra.) Hon. members sometimes did not appear to be then was legislators, but were there degrading their position, and the ) sooner they went to their constituents and asked whether they were satisfied with their conduct the better. The speed 'h of the hon. member for Bathust of which he (Mr. Did she) had complained bristled with a personal attack upon him, and a personal reference as to whether he was a coward or not. [" No," from the Oppo- sition.] He was perfectly satisfied that the hon. gentleman could not in his culmerimomenta read the speech and think he (Mr. Dibbs.) had no cause of complaint. But he was going away from the p*. int he had risen to remark upon. It would be remembered that last Wednesday week he made reference to the fact that a member of the late Government the late Treasurer pond of New Zealand for the purpose of obtaining certain inform action with regard to a property tax. Last night, emir, of the numerous charges made against him, it was open today said that that statement was a gross untruth, and the hon. member for the Upper Hunter coupled with the words the assertion that he had a letter from a gentleman, mer. tinning the name of the late Treasurer, giving a denial to the statement, which he said had not one shadow of train in it. Desiring to put himself right with the public he ELSIE. Dibbs) had sent for a paper to prove that the statement he had made was correct. He nnwhdd in his hand paper dated 31st May, 1882. from the Chief Inspector of revenue collectors' accounts to the Under-Secretary for Finance and Trade :-''Huving in compliance with the instructions in the hon, the Treasurer visited the colonies of Victoria, Tasmania, and New Zealand, for tho purpose of inquiring into the working of their property and excise laws, 1 now do myself the honour to submit for life information in the accompany into report the result of my inquiries." The rest of the report it was not necessary for him to read ; but the document was signed by James Thomson, chief inspector of the Treasury. to far that document bore out the statement he had made last Wednesday week. He found attached to this report a minute under the hand of Mr. Wilson to this effect, should be glad if Mr. Thomson will prepare a rough estimate of the value of the proper ty, with a view to consider the question of taxation J. W. 26-7-82." Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: Does that say the Government agreed to it as you say i nothing of the kind. Mr DIBBS said he was noticing to enter into a controversy with the hon. gentleman, they might have that on "Wednesday next. When they were in committee he would read those papers over again, and the hon. gentleman would have the right to reply, This document bore out the statement that he had made on Wednesday night, and which was challenged last night over and over again. After what had taken place then he could quite believe that in the Legislative Assemblies of the new world they were obliged to sit with bowie knives and revolvers for their protection. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GARRARD said the hon member for the Upper Hunter had been the cause of all that disturbance The hon. member for Northumberland might have used language that perhaps had better not have been said, but that hon. member was justified in vladRating his character, they were all too much in the habit when the hon. member for the Upper Hunter made his charges of giving him a tacit approval, or even a smile. Ah hat he rose to speak about, however, was a most serious matter If the adjourn- ment had not been moved by the hon. member for Bathurst, it would have been moved by the hon member for South Sydney. That thou. slumber had called attention to the case of a school teacher who was said to have been guilty of great indiscretion to say the least of it. It was said he had been drunk, that he had been in the lockup, and that the children had been obliged to walk over his drunken body. Yet they had had no word from the Government to say that a strict inquiry was to be made into this matter He thought the House had a right to demand that a strict investigation should be made. Mr. YOUNG said that while he agreed with what the hon Treasurer had said with regard to the conduct of debate in that House, and he agreed with him that many of them had given the chief sinner in that respect some reason to believe that they agreed with him, at the same time he admitted that sometimes a smile came to his face in spite of himself at the hon. member's witticisms But he denied that he had ever had any desire to participate in any such statements as the hon member made. He thought the O domal treasurer was not straightforward in regard to the statement made by him as to the intentions of the Government that preceded him in reference to the property tax. IhoTraasuioi would lead the public to believe that the late Government intended to propose a property tax in the same for in as proposed by the hon gentleman, and all he had in support of that statement was some paper showing that some gentleman connected with the Treasury happened to require leave of absence, for his who is t h probably, and as he intended to go to New Zealand he was requested by the Treasurer to got such as irritation us he could respecting the property tax in that colony. But that did not warrant the hon -gentleman in saving that the Government intended to propose a property tax The State Treasurer was simply taking the opportunity to get information respecting the taxation system of another colony. Mr. CAMERON said that it seemed to him that so long as the present rule continued of taking no new business after 7 o'clock on Friday night, it was little better than a farce meeting on Fridays at all. The hon. member, Mr Gnr rird, bad taxe I hon. members on this side of the House with having smiled at a certain gentleman who had been guilty of disorderly conduct, j For himself he could only say that he had never luuRhid, smiled, or encouraged that disorder in any way whatever. He had often listened with pain to the remarks that gentleman had made, considering them lowering to the character of this House as well as to the character of the gentleman who made them He would like to allude to one matter which he asked the hon member opposite about recently 'that was with regard to the carving on the General Post Office. A board of gentlemen had been sitting to inquire into this matter, and they had decided that these carvings should be removed. The Munster, it seemed by the report in the press, had endorsed that report He ventured to say that no greater piece of vandalism had ever Kon concurred in in this country 11 the Colonial Architect bad eh json mytho- logical subjects there would have been no objection what ever, but these diggings represented the age in which these buildings were erected, and if they are in for two or three hundred yours these canines would let Um people know what were the habits and the character of those connected with that particular institution None of the gentlemen on that board could know what was right so well as a practical builder It was merely a matter of taste In this instance La amerced that a very great injustice had been done to a very able public officer, and hon. members ought to have the evidence placed before them in order That they might be able to form a just conclusion '1 his Colonial Architect was asked to gas of evidence bolero thus commission, add so far as it was known his opinion on the reasonableness of the carvings was as follows -"it was mere y a matter of taste, a matter in which there was a differs noa of opens n between those who were interrofritiugand those who were picked If those carvings were cut down the I appears use of the building would be spoilt lecimsB no carvings and repla e them. The matter should be settled I in a api riot of fair-play. It was unjust to remove the j carvlL_rtj\buforo v r. Barnett was heard in the matter. He know that the builders of the city felt so strongly on the subject that they had actually advised the contractor for the Post Office, to decline to take down the carvings, as they considered it a rather a piece of vandalism The board should have waited until the carvings were finished, [Mr, Wjuqiit I think they are finished J He was sure they, were not. It was rumoured that if the fares | of nan or Marrow"' human ghost had appeared on these cars- . Inga, hon. nuns bore would have heard nothing about the matter. Mr. ABIGAIL said that he wished to make a few To- I marks on behalf of a portion of the residents in his electo- ' rate, viz., shoots living at Pyrmont. He had heard that the PvruUMt Brides Corners? had again declared a dividend of 12½ per cent., and had carried some £12,000 over to a reserve fund. All this money came out of the pockets of the residents of Pyrmont, These people were complaining of the hardship inflicted on them by having to pay a toll every time they crossed the bridge. He did not know why there should have been any delay on the part of the Government in resuming the bridge. He blamed the present Minister for Works as much as his predecessor in the matter. He now desired to say one or two words in reference to the state of the Central Police Court building. He had frequently brought this matter forward, and be hoped something would be done in regard to it without further delay. The Court was worse than the Black Hole of Calcutta, and it was not fit for persons to occupy. It had been the cause of raising the health of one of our best police magistrates, and he had in consequence been compelled to obtain leave' of absence to recruit his strength. | Mr. CASS desired to bring a couple of matters before the House. One was with reference to a large arm of timber merchants at Dubbo. A few weeks ago this firm applied at the local railway station for two trucks to load with timber, and after waiting three or four days they found that their application was not attended to. This put them to serious inconvenience, and he had brought the matter under tho notice of the House with the hope that the Minister of Works would enquire into it. The other matter was with reference to the misbehaviour of a conductor on a tram. The other day, in Oxford-street, a con 1 ductor on a tram started it whilst an elderly lady was getting on the car, When remonstrated with he I replied by a volley of abuse, and insulted people in the car. He (Mr. Cass) thought nothing less than instant dismissal ' would meet the case. Attention was at this stage called to the state of the House, and there not being a quorum present, the House adjourned at 10 minutes past 7 o'clock until 4 o'clock on Tuesday next. The following is states the members who were present: Messrs. Abigail, Brunker. Burns, Cameron, Cass, Dibbs, Garrard, Garvan. Griffiths, Holtormann, M'Culloch, M'Luughlia, Molville, Merriman, Robertson, Bee, Suttor, Teece, Young. 