GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. ? .'! Oh, I don't believe in ghosts and: haunted houses at all, -It is- all hosh .and nonsense; only dreams of a sickly and <lepraved Imagmation. 1 - 1 And why, pray,- do you not believe? " said Alf. "Do you question it because of the impoBBibihty s or the improbability ? If you itake jt on the .former score you will find some difficulty- in your, proof; if you - admit, that there is anything beyond the matenaUa:somethmg intangible to the outward^enses; •if^-y d(i yadvahceTjthe^^umprpTbabilii^^ know as well'as Ido -that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, .about the -matter, and never wiU.know until-at is too late for.us to ^benefit from -what you have learned.": \- .: .•'It is -UReless'-arguing j,hont it. It -must •be simply.:put.out of doors." . . ,- .. ,;.: •""Well, 'my dear tellow, " if that is the way »o must look at this question, what else can 'we say >ahont tbe thousand and one -other ^ Eemember,':your .scepticism ls only. of a very leoent 'date.'and is;a part :of that great -plague -'of ;d oubtag .whichiassails sother dogmas you iwould'lose youri^ightiihand.sooner thanrioreT modern^ doubt - the poseibihty of existence ap'art from the contingency of matter " " 0, hang it, man, fion't laik psychology. •We belong to r a:practioal :age, and l am not going.iObelievfiev£ry:old.woman'«iale,when fir is terrified out of her senseB^by the scur- rying of a rat over the floor, orthe scratching -of -a moose behind .the-..wainscot..: My own experience ib evidence against it sufficient io my mind." . ' " Well, if you-want an experimental proof I amjslad I can give it to you." " Yon 1 why I inever thought you held converse; wife the invisibles :Surdy s to jgoodness \ you're not a -mediuml" :.• ''No matter what I am, I will give -ypu a chance of putting; yourr.scepticism• to the? proof-f-that js, you .know, if you. are willing,; for to tell the truth, without queationing yonr own courage in the -least, I have-.iound ^you: sceptics not too eager-to test thesfeuih when: the opportunity is offered you. Alf and I were seated in one of the fine old houses ol Northern Tasmania—one of those houses which remind ns so .much of the[ " stately homes" of the' old country. The; early colonists of the "Tight little Island ".; were thorough 'Britons, and carried with them all the Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability. : Caunstock House might have been taken bodily by some genius like -Aladdin's slave, and placed in.the middle of Yorkshire: or Surrey, and no stranger would havenoticed •much difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous in a country where :they thtnk Bo much of the sun rays that they receive all they can of them, and interoept none' that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The' surroundings were piotureague in the extreme. - At the bottom of a slopmg lawn, there floweda broad, silent river; which, had in its petuous youth leaped oover -a. precipice and thundered m rapids, but: now glided ealmly and majestically. through-iwide meadows and.! undulating -syoodlands:••-•• -Behind- the house thehills rose-ijer after ; tieri>:nntil they-cul[-: minated in a peak, whose summit alwaysreceived the earliest winter's snow. -It was a; lonely. enough. position, however, -v as the nearest neighbor was ten -miles . away. , Alf and his eister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess:to many: -uestB. I had met them in Paris. One Sunay morning while enjoying a contemplative, cigar on the top . of Kapoleon's Aic De Triomph.and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can be oaught from that position' alone, I was attracted by a silvery langh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful.: Ada -and her brother Alf Meadows had been like myself admiring the magnificence of the Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed out the beauties of the Tuilenes, the Iiouvre, the Invahds and the other show places. • We became friends, and it was not very long until I fairly succumbed, and was the devoted, slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly 3 was a little taken aback when I diBOovered'.my acquaintances came from the opposite'side of the world, hut "love conquers aU things;", and space in the bargain, and before we had known«ach othfcr six-months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand miles journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided 5:could claim her as my own in the-end. — • r • •-•-• I had arrived at.-<3airnstock House -the very day (S3rd-December) on -which the foregoing conversation had taken • place,;-and somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more quickly, than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not:expected home until the next ^ay,and I had to be contented •with the company of her, brother, a dear, good fnend, but scarcely a satisfactory-substi-; tute: After dinner. I happened-to say that the poBition and "surroundings of the house would bring to mind one of those hauntedi «Btabhshments of which, old country folkthink they have the monopoly. I was sur- prised to -see :iny -brother-ire-/ii«ro take-the matter, as the French say, au grand seneiuc, and actually consider the possibihty of spiritual manifestations. .. As this was -so foreign to his usual devil-me-care characteristics, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, but was still more astonished at seeing Alf's face il^ili'JisiiipyawES!- ^nd-jissuroje^omsthins very like the aspect of fear. I had not the shghtest idea o£ what he meant by lus final proposal, and asked him to explamhimeelf. He remained-for some- time in -deep thought and at last said • -- " "Sou have a right to know all about it, and therefore as it as a family matter I shall tell you, though when you have heard the story you will understand why we don't much care -to.' speak -about it -to . outsiders.. -He ;paused again jand then .proceeded: . ••; : "My grandfather came out to Van Dicman's Land among the earliest of the colonists. He had been in -the army, and therefore very eaBily got all the fine land which you can see for miles around us. The climate'of the country , suited him and his family well; and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had.not contented himself in such a country after his life of toil and battle. Unfortunately ie had all the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and .these -were exaggerated by. the position .of absolute maaterdom m which he found him- \- self. You are aware, I suppose, that the convicts were assigned as servants, throughout the colony, but you are not aware that m .•ninety-nine cases out of a hundred -the unfortunates were the slaves, and nothing else; of' their -masters. '-Certainly 'they were-the very, outcasts and -drege -rf -society; aograded.. by every--sort of crime- and ready for- any; description of "nilainy. - There is -acaxcely a" •square mile of Tasmania which. has not its -tale of murder and outrage, and. I remember well all over the island the gibbets on which were hung in chams: the bodies of many.an outlaw and bushranger. But these-wretches were men at least, and'they swere treated as brute beasts, and we need scarcely say they gave beasts' service. Yon cannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witnessed, —much less can. you conceive the causes, which in many instances occasioned if they did not account for them. "My grandfather for a long time had very little trouble with- his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him little good will amongst his- dependents.: . Amongst, his assigned.ser- •vants-there was one who had rcontrived to worm--himself-a little into the .confidence of, his master -.by. sneaking -and tele-bearing on his fellows; fit is one of the misfortunes, - or, rather; the penalties of slavery that at insensibly : vitiates • the • character of-^he j masters themselves. The old soldier* who detested anything like meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom he looked npon as infenor arSmala, and he thought L-mipmg Joe a very useful creature.. >7oe, on the.-other' lian^iatedisthe sColond; with.alli the •venomfof'Si'depraved heart.',-The.Golonel; beheved in thB «at, and Joe had -sworn to be revenged for. every,weal scored on Ms back.' and they were not few. • The villain meditatedmo-small revenge. It .would-have been easy .to have met tha old man alone; but the .chances of a struggle with him were desperate, and besides Jus-sudden death would have been a poor satisfaction-lor the years of oppression Bt which-it-must be. confessed my grandfather was an adept. : A fresh servant was • bronght from jHobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes-were, taking shape in -hie head. The -new-comer was a man who had been convicted: of connection with some trade outrage in Sheffield, It was a strange time that, when men were driven from home and all .they : oved .ior the; merest triRe. or if they showedthe .slightest opposition to the all- powerful .oligarchy. vThe;. misfortunes of his life had naturally soured' •poor :Nedr5PilliamBi and 3he:;unluckyjwretchi; hadcome tothe very.worsfplace&rsympathyi;: My grandiather -would allow nbthing iut the; most 'ordinary-communication between. his'i servants and his familyt and the young ellowyjnnoeent. as rhe iwas sproved to be; wass left -io bror d-oyer the injustice of-the. worlds without a word rof ^consolation' or a touoh olj.' kindneEa. ! Noswander that there was nothing: onhitfSidehut'«uUen:isnbmisBionj,and onmy? grandfather's a .determination to , .dnve the devil out of him.' . :v" .By allssccounts rColonel -Meadows: made; Cairnstock a hell'to poor Williams. The- Colonel -was a magistrate. You will «ee a large tree on the- opposite ^ide .of v the /back oourt, and near it a detaohed building. . The building is the old Bridewell 4o which yrisoners were consigned before being aent to < Hobart,and; Seaven help na, it traB.zarely without a tenant. That big tree and that; paltfyhousecouldtelliBome awful: taleeifwe: could give them tongues. "TbeColonelhadiwo children, agirl-and: ajboyi both 'of whomihe .loved ^passionately,? aS m'en'BUoh. ^s :5ib sometimes .do; Jmt he; especially adored,the lovely little Ada. ihe very ,applesof-his sye; ; Tou will know whence- 13 slater getglier name. Mattersgrewworse andworseforWilli^mB, and Limping Joewafohed everything with a. tiger's eye. Abont this time there were le- 'vodt that a strong body ;of bushrangers who.: Bad kepi the western parts of the island in terror: had come northward; and then foe, • ;taking advantage of the,despair and wretchedness which^possessed Williams', soul, : tempted him to : join them. 'Williams seeing notlrmg but a life of miaeiy or ^elf- destraction.before him consented,:and.one: night they settled to. start the next day for the mountauia, and appomted a place of meeting. : On that next day little Ada was found dead on the bank of.; the rrver; and her lovely bodywas mutilated; almost. beyond recognition.: A bloody knife! was found- near, and every one - recognised it - as having belonged to Williams. He was not; to.beiound, and of course the -orime was at; once laid at his door. Certainly the .attending oircumstances went far to prove his gmlt, and at that time much -less would have established it in the eyes: of- free coloniets. No one in the jbuny :andjoonfusion aeemed to.- notice the absence of limping Joe^ : ; - -/ There was st that i;ime one of the aboriginals- 'hanging xabout- the.'.station.'..'We. have' contrived to. civihse.them off the iace-of .the earth,so you will-nothave a .chanceof seeing, a speaimen. - His servioes;aB a tracker were: immediately employed, and soon there was a strong party in -pursuit.,: I need give 70U no details.-- It will he enough, to tell you. that • the.fugitives were overtaken, and after a fierce: struggle.'WiUiama was severfely wounded :.and made prisoner. Joe escaped for - the time,: and as it -was thought the murderer was hard and fast:-no 'very : active pursuit.-was made', after his companion. /'Thecaptive was brought here and thrown' into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch," covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable-sight. When le was accused; of the crime he denied: it in the strongest manner, but his ijudgeswere prejudiced, and he was alone.--- Their jassions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest proposed to roast the prisoner or.make him coniess. •-• • : ...' I «an scarcely ;hear -to tell you the end. Good God-! -how unlimited power brutalizes usl . The wounded-man was: dragged before a large fire beneath that tree, ana hung up by the arms -from one of the boughSj exposed to the double torture of the fire and of his injuries.-. I cannot imagine that the executioners really meant more than to extort a confession, but whether they meant more: or ;not the miserable manwasnot cut down sntil his senses had forsaken his wretched body. Ab they dragged lum back to the lock-up he partially recovered,, and- seeing -my grandfather ' near. he cursed him and his, an5 prayed that neither his son: nor his son's son should ever live to teaoh his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, still, and still in the cell—done to death by pur omniBcient- law. The very-next day came his free pardon, his entire mno-; cence of the crime- in Sheffield having been' proved. A short-tune brought the confirmation of-his iimocenoe of the tmurder - also:' Xiimping Joe joined the bushrangers just in time to share in a few depredations and in their speedy ruin. He was shot down, . and had'barely time left.to"confess that he was the murderer ol little Ada, and that to &eep; suspicion irom himself he had .used Williams' knife to do the deed. "These few bald particulars will not be sufficient .- to make you realise . the horrible troth: - .One almost doubts the goodneaa -ofthe Creator when we puzzle onrselveB to find why - such things canTie.: . ,Tne~share- poor: Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and 1 would £\ve;a!L these htoad lands that no one-of myblood^iad helped to make his part: in'life, more'Wretched. ^Sometimes I think that Ms curse must, have iallen :onus.: My father had barely reached thirty-five —Wilham's age-"was- about that—when his dead body , was washed up by ihe. river near the spot where his sister's had been fonnd years before. Our poor mother did not survive him long, and we were-left, to the strangers' oare. In all the southern hemisphere we have neither kith or km to care for us or feel for us. Can it he the curse 1" - The story aSected me more than I.cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not often brought face to face with such horrors.: -But I was not going to let a simple: story so easily undermine' : my foredrawn conclusions, and.-X said to Alf-. f " It is certainly al most painful Incident to bp. even remotely connected with.-but you will scarcely laring mc to-believe that, the actors in the tragedy have .not -something better., to., do than-return to the scene. Is.it said your, little Bridewell is haunted? To.be sure there aren'tmany plaoesthat deBerve.it more. " You may judge for,yourself if you hke,". eaid^Alf, 1 "-int-I ^ve:yon^-fe -warning.. k •would not pass a mglit there for a kingdom. .1 have done it once,- and ohce Is enough *. In k life time " "Well, I shall tryitthis very night. 'Ada ' will not • he home until to morrow, and I may as weU spend the time unravelling the secret." r" Alt right; and if you:do so no one will thank you more heartily for, anything than I shall for this." . The conversation turned -on other: topics, but Alf's spirits seemed to have fallen to zero, and gradually we became ; silent watched the. lengthening ihaflows of thetiees' pasB slowly over the lawn; as the .sun dipped towards the'western.hills; and , contrasted , in 1 •my own-mind the cold and dreaiy XJhrifitmas landscape - of Englandr-with; -the gorgeous brilliancy of the Bcene before me. v. I was ,so absorbed in this that it was with - a,sudden start I heard three rapid knocks jnst w the sun disappeared Tjehind 'a. distant. peak. % jumped torny feet at once, and was rather .surprised that Alf took no notice unless, a; -sickly smile -on his -lips betrayed his having, heard it. •.";.' -. " What .waB that ^ " said I. "Oh, nothingi" said he, "or, rather, -Bomethmg we are pretty well accustomed to." 01 course Icould- not show- too much curiosity,'yet I could not help feeling 'some-; 'thing uncanny, but this gradually wore away under the'eombmed: influence of !» Btift glass nf toddy and ihe soothing' Bmoke 'of a.frag? rant Savannah. - MeantimB whatever littlepreparations were. able for : a night had; beBn.made before- sundown; and Alf told me pretfy plainly that i should-have'llttleichanoe'of company, unless the ghOBtly,-as not a man, .woman; or child, for miles .around would venture near the little building for its-weight in:gold. .This, however, was not going to -deter, me,-and- .that -night.-X was a lodger m a place whiohcGuld not boast of one before, duringmore-than fifty years. . CHAPTER II. .There are two-classes of sceptics --with ra-fgard to . spiritual manifestions.: .The j firstsimplyignores- ieverythingthat wonldseemto, savon of proof." . Sudh.extraordinary .oircum.- stancbs - aa- Tiord Brougham lelates im-»1ns f Autobiography; are to them merely: evidences: of a. disordered liver,' or :, :at'the-teat, only i vagueprpofaofsomeaffiriity"between mortals, not depending on material existence, the exact «xtent ot'which: scienoe:<will detcrmioe.: m the fulness of time. The other class will acknowledge'ithe'possibility .-of-communica-:- tion between the other world and this, but doubt that there are isolated cases of such; communication. - They say with fair, enough, reasoning, Jthat the benefit.to mankind:wouldi be so great that if granted at all it would be universal. Sow, I belonged to the former class Of course my ^ducation had' led me to .speculate ontheorieswhichhaTebeenbeforethe/world forcentuiie»,i)ut my ooBcluBionB-were widely different from the supernatural. jVhe Imcre tian doctrine of a present mind in matter, seemed to me to satisfy all {he clemands of: so called spiritual phenomena, and where wg . .copld not comprehend, we could take that - doctrine as the basis of our investigations : My^xpenence had never given me an oppor- -tunityjof putting my theory to any teet, Mid f wap^omefhing akin io pleasure I found at hand a chance of testing the matter. The jfcvident^mcerety of my friend assured me that, bo far at least as he was concerned, ihere fras nothrng approaching jmposifaon, but this<ud not convince me that there was jio _ imposition elsewhere. H iuman beings iad anything to do with an attempt to frighten the stranger, I was determined they would not get off scot free. I took with me « faithful little revolver, which had done megood service on the Upper Nile. , : . - The little building was a plain structure two stones high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The upper storey had been the prison. The prisoners were secured in a very primitive fashion. The upper storey was -reached , by a-ladder, and trop-door to which were still attached the rusty remains of the ancient fastenings.;This means of confinement certainly saved the trouble of the warders, who .. took possession of - the lowerchamber, -but there : was little need of con-, stant watch and ward.,. A stretcher bed, a table and ,-a fire were all the -preparations, •made for my reception—the ire only to give .some cheerfulness, to the..iaesolate. scene, ; asl the weather was warm enough. I had provided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a-small bull s eye lantern, and to occupy my mind had brought a copy of Horace/ whose ; Bterhng;commonisense and manliness-would,".: I thought, •prove an, .antidote to Visy • mental - vagarieB. ^ I 'first . mounted: a crazy ladderVand tho-' roughly exammed: the upper chamber, but fonnd nothing—absolutely nothing. The poor prisoners had not even a ray of light togladden-them. There was not even a-slit in the thick masonry to admit a stray sunbeam: ; Verily our fathers^^were meu^^of iron- The inspection did not take long to complete, and I turned to the trap-door to descend, but as I came near I saw it gradually fall* OYcr, and that, too, without atly noise, though , it creaked loud enough when I first, pushed it from beneath. Down it sank gradually as if the moving power supported it in its descent, not-as if it-had received one - impulse and then dropped of its own weight. Of course -the time taken was :• not sufficient for me to reason on - the matter. " I could, only grasp for the moment the bare fact that tha door was shut and that I had probably; neglected to push it up high: enough. Passing my fingers .through an opening at the side t pulled and ..pnlletl with;all my .mightj-hut the door resisted every effort; Agam .and again I tried in every direction .without any success;;; andl hadcome to the conclusion that by some; means or other, it had got jammed; :and:'I' should iave .to spend my night on the bare • boardsi jshen it suddenly flew open with sueh., violence that I was;alfMst,;daB^d!igainst thewall, and at the same moment.1 heard what I, can only describe,as the echo ^of a -hoarse laugh, but where it camc from I conld not say. .-: -.I am-not ashamed to-.confess thatwhen I got to the foot of the ladder 1 seriously deliberated whether or not I-should give up ihe enterprise, but the iear ol chaff, which makes.many, a man a hero, prevailed, and l determined .to see it out. 1 throw myself,. dressed as I was, ..on ..the little ..bed. • At; its head was the table, ; on which were placed- the lamp, .the revolver, and my watch. , I settled down to one of the Satires, and for a time forgot where I was. Just as my eyes began to feel heavy ! was recalled to full consciousness by observing a peculiar haze grow around the lamp. One minute before it burned bright and clear, now, though the flame was still there, it seemed: robbed .of its light. ^ I quickly . sat upon the': -bed, and with somethinghke terror .saw the .blaze of ;-both lamp And fire-overwhelmed by' «.palpable darkness.-fThedaxkness approached: stowly, as it it :was:-a bodily entity; ha iid bit by hit conquered its.enemy, just aB Schick mist; covers the landscape nfti>r. Maanat ISdtjtri approach, -but if 1 could have gained a king-; dom hy doing; 60:1 could not move a single; •limb. It approached from all sides, and just, .as .its .most ..opaque .part reached the . table; -something like an immense: hand was sent forth and. enveloped revolver and -watch before my eyes.—- My-tsenses were painfully acute, and I thought Icouldhear theelmk of the chain of the latter when it was raised from the table: Imyself wasforced backward as if by a mighty weight, but felt no weight, or even touch. Foriomeseconds .Ilaywithout moving, but bending-, every.power oi my mind to resist,-1 would not fear. Then I was conseious of the bed floatmg in the air, though I could perceive 310 motion...It soon-settled again; butl thought :in a different; position, and I immediately seemed-to recover some power over niy -hmbs. I-tried to 'pietce the surrounding darkness .-with staring eyes, but I felt as if the blackness, clothed everything hke a positive.envelope,^ and'for the first .time* I ^eaUsed- ','a. darlcoess which could be felt,", not merely a negative, want of iiighti . From one -part,;.however,. I v?as:..c6nvinced;all ^heae. -manifestations .-proceeded, 0, It was like a centre of-operation;-and: to: ibis, jiart-idirected-all -my.attention: Without any-reliefm^^ the surrounding dark-- nessj I:fan<ned>the:nbseurity-iere'iecame --in-' •tensified and the other parts -by contrast less; still a shape, and at the same instant a lurid glare tinged^he,extremities and:gave a horrid prominence, to the iindi^mct mass. -- - . ,''jLikejth6.,-^liantasm>;^f ;a^3eveir4t::revblyed, within-itself,iandi the; horrorof-it-a.possibilitieB wete-in my -auad a thoiiBaiid times . more, dreadful than, the -realitieBr-i ^ne 'ininute,: . and there Btruck my eare -ihe shrill- sorea'm of -a' -child, which curdled the 'blood in iaj : •veins, and then the revolutions and oontorS tipne^edoabled^.'S sobs - of one -,m- mor tal .agony, ianddhe heavy: tread of men m the:ichamber above^ .and>the; sickening thump, thump as of a body dragged-: roughly over the floor, filled my eara:- The .huge indefinite massrseemed the origin and source from whiehall'thisarose.- : To me it; • took.the form of an irrevocable destiny. :-,: - -NotvritHstanding allthese horror^-Iretained my senses,-ana even tried hard to speciilate on- -them. . That : I . was an:-the^immediate .jreBenoe-oi some awiul power;I knew; ? that; it could injure me I.doubted, solong&B; I was :tmeto.jmyself. Thegreatest^rtiirel'.-.en-; dnred was ; the consciousness of my own 3111- -^potence. 1 -':: 'l5conldsonly,.-passivdy'rjeBist',my: -spiritual ftfculSeB bemg weaTtenedvby human: disabilities. What I saw dimly appeared tho' reflection. •of the..«volufion of an. inevitable, fate. -: WhiIe these.ihoughts eroBSeamy nv,^ mass before me became more anSi distmct, as ihe obscure forms of aK° rc lantern gradually assume shape On mmed field, and there stood out in face with the;features, writhed and d™, with agony and hate. The face did not to ^present the mass-aethe human face leseniitlieman.ltijeemeiiratheranemL. tion or product of it. I was-horroritruck: its.expiesBionbutdidnotfear it- Itgradcau faded and gaveplaceto asuccession of ghastl appearances, each of which retained humai characteristics, bnt a thousand times moriepulsiy? than the creation of a nightmare. ,- : All this .fame I was, endeavoring, with myBtengthof'wiU.to.persa'aae^^ what I looked at was nothing but a -wakinc vision without reality—a diurnal fancy, hut dared not, however, attempt taspring -up ani dispel the illusion. I caught myself hopinn that the . horrid, dm might bring Borne one to my assistance.andthenext moment I doublet if anyone save myself could hear it Fron the • very fact that J - could reason on the matter, I judged; I. was jegatding a reality not the phantasmagoria of delusion , . The whirling of the centre still continued and .gradually it seemed to take the form ot a child with long ,fair hair, but a glow around the head aevealed-the features a mass of wounds, and abroad deep gash from ear to car. The sight for an instant almost unmanned me, and I felt my courage to endure almost forsaking my heart actually. I hoped for insensibility as a relief from-thiB mental torture::V;?;' ., By Bomemtmtion I seemed at this moment to gam an msignt into :the hidden meamng- I thought I looked upon thejf ate of: the house to which I was about to ally myself, at least its fate in connection with that place. The mythology of ancient Greece and Rome gives us .many instances, of ..places being under the direct influence of some occult power, sometimes benevolent, more frequently malevolent or cajmaoue.: The folk-lore o£ Germany, of Ireland; of Scotland, and indeed of all countries, tells, us oi the awful power of the^c ijCmi wcl. Why tlir.ii If there is the shghtest grounds for such traditions should these countries not have them as well as those longer .known? The malign influence -with which they are credited in Europe may be qmte as active m Australia, "and they may have revenged themselves fox some -fancied: slight on the family of my host and of.my future wife. • ; • 'Kites'strange'that suchihoughts,-'and indeeii conclusions, should force themselves on my ; mind at such a moment.. ,I seemed, however, at tins itage'Sb . have'. heccoDiie an indiSerent spectator, and hy the force of logic to have reconciled myself-to look upon this horrid apparition as one having no personl interest in its Eienificance;.but I was mistaken. ..:. Suddenly, the darkness lifted lilfn the fleecy cloud before tbe morning- breeze- The scene enlarged and I saw the deep river as it flowed past- the .Cairnstock meadows ; . but, greal ^eaveuBrjm the atreani, stiuggliug ior life and beating the waters with ineffectual -blows, I saw my dear friend, my brother. God of Heavens 1 was it a fact, a present disaster, 01 'the -premonition of a future fate ? Madly 1 struggled to hurl myself from my couch, buj I was bound to it as if by seven-fold cords and had to gaze helpless whde the whit; ghastly face roBe and sank again and agau until the waters-slowly rippled over hiB head and the dark shadow became more and mor. -obscure in the cold depth of the stream. The icy sweat of horror sprung from ever pore, and I fancied the sound of hideor 1 mocking laughter—the laughter of flends- : filled all the space around: I was powerle —powerless, and could not even summj courage enough to put an end to my agon; by active resistance. . , •'• The river scene-then changed, and a tinct view of the House appeared, bnt ht :' different 1 The • flames gushed from eve window- • The chimneys tottered and thres ened the roof-tree, across which the stealtl fire spread slowly as if sure :of its prey. • Bi whom did I see' at one of,the.windows gi with a dreadful circle of lambent flame ? Tj ^lowmg eddy licks her form, and her gloriol ijii.ir. k - Sihrj!»^ nf vi bright form- will- be in its deadly embrat ^nd my Ada, my hfe, my soul . Human nature -could stand -no more. shrieked an agony, and-.threiv out my. hah It' was elasped iii tiold. deaaiy lingerB, a'i from the extremity of the nails to S Shoulder a chill as of the grave struck to tl very marrows. 1 remember no more. . When my senses were restored, Ada w leaning 'over my bed,: her:sweet countenani ;betraying the-anxiety she.felt, and Alf, wi! misery in 'every feature; stood watching m He bitterly blamed himself, and was jblami hy his eister for allowing -me , to^subject m; self to such ail ordeal, but 1 maintained th only myself was in fault, if any fault the were. It was anything but a merry Chris mas we spent. I related what I saw to A1 and he seemed struck with my theory of a counting for the phenomena. " I may tell- you," said he, " that on th awful mght I spent 'in that -room -I sa everything that -you saw; with the excejjtid of my own appearance. That the two of 1 should 7 'iliaye-th^-fsimy^ei^erience ib some thing more than extraordinary.. You mea to say that probably the influence, whateve St may be, is only local, and if we should n ' move irom'this we Bhouldhave-peace." , - »-:«At , -'any- , rate<Ithmk -Bo;:and:it is,simp 'useless'to attempt :to reason on such a them It is one ol those • things which ou jhilosbphy -cannot comprehend. . I give yoi •my word,- -my •- Ada, with: --my will, . anc pleasure will never re-enter this -house aftei she --.once leaves its door in my company Indeed, I should prefer that our - marriage should take place immediately m Launoeston; and;-dear Alf, you will, I am sure, agree with me that after that dreadful night I have not much' prospect of peaeo 01. mind m this country atall, beautiful as it is." .:. - i - Ada and X were married a week-after.- We persuaded Alfto remove to Victoria; and he easily "got': xid of: the old station. There 1 one subject we rarely speak about, and that i the old iBridewelLat eairnstock House. •: This is my-'story,'.and?I-:Jeave-:-tha:jwise-.to account for. what ,1- have^related.. - The jfool may say it is all' nonsense,. : the man of- the world may say; a dream of feverish excite- . ment, but' the 'Aage: will^ay, there, is more' -thmgB m-ISature than we dream of m our philosophy. :,.'•,. • The. Emperor of Austria has just-presented tbeSultanoITurjcey.withsixwhiteiiorBesof •remarkable - -8ymmetry- : ;aiid^i»auty.. -..These horsesareofSpanishiareediWhaobr-eEgts-only, in---the -:-Emperor's .:stud,'-who. possesses? now. only adozenTwo superb aetsof harness were Bent with each horse. 