INTERCOLONIAL. [PKOM OUR OWN ClBltESl'ONDBN'TS.J NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, April 20. A serious railway accident occurred at the Redfern railway terminus yesterday afternoon. The disaster was caused by the failure of the Wcstinghousc brake to act on the incoming suburban train from Parramatta. The train came into violent collision with the end of thcplatform, the carriages being thrown together so violently as to cause a severe shock to the passengers. The force of the concussion was such that a quan- tity of brickwork between the two platforms was pushed bodily forward. When the train collided with the platform the engine stopped dead on the spot and the brake-van jolted up against it; behind were two American car- riages, which'were thrown together violently, their platforms overlapping each other by the force of the concussion. The damage done to 1 the rolling-stock, however, is stated to be com- I paratively small. The passengers received a severe shock, several of thera being thrown down. The principal sufferers were five boys belonging to Newington College, who were returning home for the day. Two of these -Albert Charles Fletcher, aged 13, and Frederick William Fletcher, 13-were both thrown violently between the carriages and their legs shockingly mutilated and broken ; the elder boy, Albert, had his thigh Ijroken, and was conveyed to the hos- pital in a critical condition, where he died at 11 o'clock last night; his brother Frederick also sustained a fracture of one of his thighs, hut he is now getting on pretty well. The other boys injured were- Thomas Vivers, aged li, who had his leg injured, and is suffering from a shock to the system ; Harold Kelynack, son of the Rev. Dr. Kelynack, who was slightly injured ; and George F. Brown, whose injuries aro not serious. Heavy rain fell last night, and there is every indication of a further downpour. Telegrams received from all parts of the colony give most cheering accounts of the drought having thoroughly broken np. Rain set in early yes- terday morning in the western pastoral dis- tricts, and continued without intermission throughout the day at many places. Bourke, Nyngan, Narrabri, Cobar, Walgett, Coonamble, and Wilcannia, where the drought was proving so disastrous, all received a welcome downpour of rain, which also extended to the Queensland border. These rains will do an incalculable amount of good. Sydney, April 27. The annual commemoration of the Sydney University was held on Saturday afternoon, and was attended by a brilliant and fashionable gathering, including the Eight Rev. Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney, Sir George Strahan, Governor of Tasmania, the Bishops of Adelaide, Ballarat, and Bathurst, the Premier, the Minister for Public Instruction, and Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant-Governor. Ninety five candidates for matriculation presented themselves to the Chancellor, and twelve M.A. and twenty-three B.A. degree« were conferred. Bishop Barry, amidst loud applaube, took the ad cundarn degree of Doctor of Law s. The Chancellor of th« University, Sir William Manning, delivered the annual address. The Bishop of Sydney, who is e.« ojlicin Tisitor of St. Paul's College, visited that insti ution on Saturday, and was presented by the warden and fellows with an address of wel onie, to which Dr. Barry replied in an appro riate speech. St. Saviour's Cathedral at Goulburn will be pened to-morrow. The Primate and other BishopE will proceed to Goulburn, where they will be met on arrival by the Bishop of Goul- burn and his clnrgy. The inquest on the body of the lad Frede- rick Fletcher, who died from the effects 4of njuries rotcived in the railway accident at -the Redfern terminus on Friday afternoon, .' was initiated on Saturday. Evidence as to the .' i .' circumstances connected with the accident was < taken, after which the inquiry was adjourned till Monday. ThcBishop of Nor Hiern Queensland preached .at St. Thomas's Church, North Shore, to-day. , Tho yachting season closed on Saturday. Heavy, rain fell to-day, and the weather con ' tinu'es showery. The1 rain is general through- out the colony. Arrived ¡ Taiwan, s., from Hongkong, on Saturday; Bnrvvah, Wentworth, and Maranoa, steamers, from Brisbane, on Sunday. Sailed: Cuzco, s., for London; Ly-cc-Moon and Leura, steamers, for Brisbane, on Satur- day. VICTORIA. ' Melboukn'E, April 2G. The Intercolonial Trades Union Congress concluded its sittings last evening. Resolu- tions wore passed urging all the colonial Go- vernments to so regulate their fiscal policy as to give due encouragement to natix-o in- dustries ; also in favour of the representation of labour in Parliament. Biddle, the station-master at Werribee, who is under committal xvith reference to the Little River collision, has boen disruisscel from the service. Acting in his capacity as chairman of tho committee of Premiers appointed by the recent conference at Sydney, the Hon. J. Service has sent telegrams to the Premiers of the other colonies calling their attention to the French Récidiviste Bill, and inviting thom to give their opinions as to the steps xvhich should be taken regarding it. Replies are expected in a few days. The Victorian Vino-growers' Association in- tend to establish schools of vine culture in various parts of the colony. Melbourne, April 27. Major Smith, chairman of the Shops Com- mission, is drafting a number of recommenda- tions with regard to the employment of bar- maids, xvhich it is proposed shall be embodied in the final report of the Shops Commission, which will also deal with the subj'ect of Courts of Conciliation, At tho Geelong Police Court on Saturday the charge against Bourke, for the murder of Francis Beach at Pettavel, was unanimously dismissed. A deputation from the Trades Union Con- gress xvaited upon the Premier on Saturday, asking him to give his ' support to the resolutions adopted by the Congress. Mr. Service promised to give his best attention to the subject, and said he was much pleased to see the action they had taken with regard to the récidiviste question. Their action xvould tend to strengthen x'ery much the hands of the various colonial Governments. A platelayer named John Healy, working at the Ballarat railway station, was crushed to death on Saturday between two goods trucks. The Intercolonial exhibition of wine and other colonial products, which has been fairly well patronised, was closed on Saturday even- ing. Mr. Gillies, Commissioner of Railways, and Colonel Sargood returned to town on Saturday from their tour of railway inspection in the north-eastern districts. M. Courmereux, a gentleman who has been visiting New Caledonia to report for the French Government, and xvho left for Marseilles by the Messageries Maritimes steamer Yarra, states that ho has wired recommending that France shall not for ten years send any criminals to New Caledonia or any other of the Pacific islands adjoining, and that in return for that concession Great Britain should allow France to take possession of the New Hebrides, so as to givo those islands and New Caledonia a fair chance of colonisation. The race meeting held on the Caulfield course on Saturday afternoon by the Victorian Amateur Turf Club was not a success so far as the attendance was concerned, owing to the wet weather. The following were the results of the racing : Selling Race.-Pulta, 1; Queen Bess, 2; Lalla Rookh, 3. Hurdle Race.-Yately, 1; Brenda, 2; Daw- dler, 3. Nine horses started ; Yately won easily by a length. Glen Huntly Handicap.-Merrijig, 1 ; Mean- der, 2; Lesbia, 3. Twelve horses started ; won comfortably by a length. Time, lniiii. 17soe. Steeplechase.-Blackthorn, 1 ; Crysalis, 2 ; Lizzie, 3. Eight horses started; won by three lengths. Armidale Handicap.-Meander, 1 ; The Ghost, 2; Castaway, 3. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, April 20, Colonel Williams, an officer of the Indian army, arrived by the mail steamer on Thursday with letters from the Indian Government authorising him to obtain information in this and the neighbouring colonies concerning the supply of horses for the Indian remount service. NEW ZEALAND. Wellington, April 27. The Premier, the Hon, H. A. Atkinson, ad- dressed bia constituents at Christchurch yes- terday, when a vote of no confidence in the Administration xvas carried unanimously. Tur cinchona bark ci op from Government plantations in Java during 1SS3 is estimated at 410.S04 Amsterdam pounds At tho close of last year the trees were in a very flourishing condition, from tho soil aiound thom having been decplj loosened before the rainj season set in, and from the destructive insects called Helopcltis Antonn having been kept down, hence theie was every prospect ofan abundant j leid of seeds this year Since November, 18S.1, the Government has been obliged to hx mini mum valuations at official auctions of cinchona seeds owing to puvatc bidders combining to koop prices low Hie experience gained in the rapidlj extending private cinchona cultiva tion throughout Jav a show s that success thci ein chiefly depends upon a good choice of Beeds, it having often happened that from this not having been borne in mind tho trees on whole estates prov ed worthless notw lthstandmg cv ery advantage of soil and situation Tup alleged larceny of auriferous quart/ has assumed a fresh phase, from which it may be concluded that the last of it has not jet boen l heard (says the Gympie Junes of 22nd instant) As will be seen by our report the case brought on in the District Court against Allen broke down, and the man was theiefore discharged At the close of the case his Honour said he did not think there was siilh clent evidence to let tho case go to a jury lho only evidence as to the identity of the specimens as the property of the Wilmot E\\. tended Company, was that of the mnna'cr ho swore positively to one specimen, lie also swore positively that in Ins opinion the other spceimcns pioduecd caine out of the mine, but the witness who was called to con/urn hrrn i st ited tint the specimens weie nothing like the \\\ llmot stone How could such reliance bo placed upon the one witness that the Crown eould ask the jury to convict pnsonei without entcitaming a lcisonable doubt "Yesterday Allon interviewed Sergeant Wilsh an I deni inded tliat the specimens should be i estored to lum 1\ ithout any dispute they were at once delivered to the applicant, but scarcely had ho turned his back upon the court house before he found a constable at lus heels, who politely informed lum that his acquain tance with the lockup was to be renewed, this time on a charge of having piopeity in his possession for w Inch he could not satisfactorily account At the conclusion of the ci munal business in couit in the evening, Mr lo/er asked Judge Miller a opinion on the case main taming that the action amounted vu tu illy to contempt of court His Honour, Iiomcui, held that he had nothing to do with the matter ami that he had noauthoiity to order rnv ietnin of piopeity unless i conviction had been mude Minie the question was being discussed the Jicgistiai of the coull incidentally mentioned that tile exhibits had in jccoidance with the usual piaetice been turned over by him to the seigeant of police, and the neigeant stivüvl that the arrcbt complained of had been mide under one of the provisions of the J owns' Pohee Aet Hrs Honour thought it i ithei a cimoies complication altogethci, and we have no doubt feiv will he found to dispute the con ectneas of his opinion. 