A STUDY OF. HAMLET. \--'---- LECTmre BY REv. J. H. L. ZILLMA?X. One of the members of the Yoang Men's Associatiou, inconneotion with which this lecture was given, has supplied us with the following reoumd, which, we think, will inte rest our readers. The lecture was delivered in the Victria. Parade Congregational Schoolroom, and commenced with an allusion to the old story about the celebrated revival ist, who adopted the tunes of Bacchanalian songs to the purpose of revival services, on the plea, that the devil should not have all the good music, but that God ought to have some. So he argued, that, even sdmittlng the theatreto be all that some had repre sented it to be, he considered that the beau tiful poetry and profound philosophy of Shakespeare's plays should be used for the prpoes of the lecture room. (Applause.) He then described the character of some of the tragedies in Shakespeare. Hamlet is the tragedy of thought. Macbeth the tragedy of action. Othello the tragedy of aessleon and ing Lear the tragedy of the iomestic affections, and he said tat he was indehted to a reported deliveranuce by r. David Blair for ths arrangement. Upon the tragedy of thought as illus trated in Hamlet he then began to enlarge. The question had oftenbeen, debated " Was Hamlet mad." Dr. Johnson's dictum was quoted "The feigned madness of Hamlet causes much merriment.". The lecturer in part subscribed to that sentiment, hut con tended that there was an element of madness in the composition of Hamlet, just as the old saying has it that all true poets are mad and as every great genius, in the seuse of being misuonderstood by his contempor aries, is mad., SThe imprenion. hi hoh..Shakaicpere o .i deoubt, intended to be producd for stags prposes, he described in the language, com mencng "Oh, what a noble mind is here o'crthrown." The truth of the character of Hamlet was that he was a pessimist; he took the gloomy view of life, which makes the earth a garden that only grows noisome weeds, and the overhaneing irmament "fretted with golden fire,' a congregation of pestilential vapours. Pessimism was advocated by some German philosophers who had lately gone to such extremes, as seriously to de hate the question, in view of all the miseries of life, whether it were not best to exter minate the whole human race. The spirit of this philosophy was contrasted with the opposite theory of life, of which the poet Pope was an expounder. "Whatever is, is beot" was no mere a satisfactory explanation of life than the gloomy expressions in which Hiamlet so freqontly indulges. The play of Hamlet was then taken to illustrate the stages by which the mind arrived at such a wretched condition. There was first ' incurable grief.' Not the grief of child hood, which Montgomery's pretty words describe "The tear down childhood's cheek which flows, Is like the dew-drop on the rose. When first the mprning's breeze goes by And waves the bsh, the flower is dry " but rather the deep sorrow whies long and hitter experience has developed, as described (the lecturer thought it was) by Mostore " One fatal remembrance, One sorrow that throws It's bleak shadow alike O'er our joys and our woes, To which time's changes no relief can bring, por which life has no balm, and death has no sting." (Loud applause.) That he took as dehcri?. tire of the deep sorrow of Hamlet's mins, and he then quoted front the play itself several illustrative passages, during . the recital of which he was- frequently and loudly applauded. Following incurable grief was disgust with the shams and hypocricies of society. mHis distrust of the living,pa Irtlcusarly wh? it took the form of suspicion towards those who stood nearest to us in the relationship of life. The mother of Hamlet, represented as she is, would only be regarded with loathing by her son, and when this feeling was combined with a deep sorrow for the death of a much loved and revered father, it led to grief so desperate that death would have been roadily sought for had not "The Everlastine fixed His canon 'Gainst sel f-laughter." The whole of the. passage was here given, commencins g-- ':. "Oh, that this too,', too solid flesh would melt," to the great delight of his auditors, whe were loud in their praise if the elocutionary treatrendered by the lecturer. This pas sage served to show; how strongly both those forces-sorrow for the dead and dis' gust for the living were operative in the mind of Hamlet. The ghost scene uas then introduced to illuostrate how the mind of man, when earth could not satisfy, naturally sought for relief in thoughts about the supernatural The lecturer would not take it upon himself to say that all ghost stories were false, and he referred to anarticle in a recent number of the Contemporary Review, by Bishop Goodwin, in which various phenomena of this kind were described with an apparent regard for their veracity. "There were more things in heaven and' earth," said the lecturer, "than are dreamt of in our philo sophy." But whatever might 'be sad on that point, it was shown that without some theories of the supernatural, life under cer tan circumstances woeuld be unbearablel And further, he pointed out that faith in the supernatural, when it took the form of mere superstition, : only developed the ferocious instincts of man, just as when Haulet began to eommune with the ghost he became foll of revengeful and murderous feelinges. Such supernaturalism resulted in a still more gloomy: peesimism, and hence the most desperate coudition of Hamlet's mind is represented in the passage com. mencing -. "To be, or not to be, that is the questiOn," and it is now hnot "the Everlastiog's canon fixed against self-alaughter," but also the dread of somethingafter death that prevents' the last desperate act of a despairing' mind to rush ' '. . '* Anywhere out of the world." The great mistake which Hamlet made was in arrogating to. himself the Divine preregatire of vengeange, and thinking that he could accomplish an impossible task. "The times are out of joint, 0 aursedl .: sprite, '. . That I was ever' born to set them right." No man can set the times right by inflict ing torture upon others, no matter how much they may deserve it. To stab- and kilt the king was Hamlet's great endeavour, for which he watched and waited long, but the king had already beoo' unished inui rehe hosseeless c iehleee andorretched mind, as ilnsutrated in a passage which was hem quoted- . "What if this cursed band were thicker than itself in brateior'e blood," which depicts a state of misery moupered?t:o which no physicit torSt? comad be moo, tioned.. To turn the criminal's mindinupum hiouset1 wiii the most terriblo punihment that could be inflicted.. The whole play of Hamlet was desceribed as a practical cemment on the words :of Scripture, " Th wrath of mao workethonot the rightoensses of God," At the close of the lecture the rev, gentle sian was accorded a most enthusiastic vote of thanks, which showed how thoroughly he bad gaiued"the approval of. the audiesce, and which most have boezi- very gratifying o the promoters of the leinture. It is the intention of Mr. Zillmaun to deliver another lecture on the same, or a sltusilar, subject at uo very distant ,hin, inicoihection with the esme society, of-which:du'e notice will ie 