(EJtilbrtns (Eolumit. THE CAPTAIN'S LESSON. A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN SEAS. 41 TBV DAVID KER.1 " Land on the weather bow !' shouted the lookout at the foremast-head of the Vrouw Katerina. " That must be St. Helena at last," chuckled the captain to himself. "Good! Now we'll land two passengers at once!" When Captain Matthias Evei-tsen chuckled in that way, it always meant mischief to somebody ; and you would have said, looking at his short thickset figure, and hard, coarse, low- browed face, that he could be a very ugly customer if he liked. Like all the Dutch captains of that time, he was a first-rate seaman, and as brave as a lion; but, like far too many of them, he could be terribly cruel to any one who offended him, which was only too easily done. Two hundred years ago, when a voyage to e East Indies and back often took twenty months or more, the captain of a merchantman in the eastern seas could do pretty much what he liked. To drag a man under the keel of a ship, or keep him in irons, for three days or so without food, was the commonest thing possible. It was a common saying in those days that there was no law beyond the Line, and when a captain murdered two or three of his crew, or when a crew mutinied and murdered their captain, no one at home troubled himself much about it. When Evertsen scoke of landing '.wo passengers, any one who had beard him would have wondered what he meant. The only passenger aboard, an old Dutch merchant from Java, had just died, and it was natural enough to wish to bury him on land ; but who could the other passenger be ? We shall see presently. Larger and larger, darker and darker, loomed out against the bright evening sky the huge black cliffs of the lonely islet, one day to be world-famous as the last prison of Napoleon. But at that tune it was stil' uninhabited, and a drearier or a more desolate spot could scarcely have been found upon the face of the earth. At length, just as the sea was all ablaze with the glory of the sunset, the ship anchored close inshore, and Captain Evertsen, ordering his boat to be got ready, went below, and putting his head into a dark narrow hutch between-decks, called out, with one of his ugly chuckles— "Now, Van Doorp, my boy, OSIIOJ up, and get ready to go ashcre." A big, sullen-looking man, whose swollen and blood-stained forehead showed that he must have "offended' 7 ths captain in some way, rose sulkily at the call. Meanwhile the bioat had been lowered, and the Dutch merchant's cofiin put into it. Van Dcorp was then ordered in likewise, and the boat pulled for the shore. "Now, my lads," cried the captain, "quick, and put Mr. Van Doorp and his friend ashore. He'll have a, whole island to himself, and the othc-r gentleman will be nice quiet company." Even the rough seamen stood aghast at this refinement of cruelty, which doomed a living man to perish by inches, with a corpsc for his only companion. The unfortunate sailor knew his commander too well to plead for mercy ; but as the boat began to recede from the shore he sprang upon a rock and shouted— " You won't get ? H of me so easily, captain. Mark my Mtrds: I'll come back and haunt you for this." Evertsen answered only with a scornful laugh. A few moments later he was on his own deck once more, and the fatal island was soon lost in the fast- falling shadows of night, while the Vrouw Ivaterina sped on her course. But although the captain laughed at poor Van Doorp's threat, it troubled him nevertheless. Like most cruel and ignorant men, he was very superstitious, and believed in ghosts, witches, spectre-ships, mermaids, lucky and unlucky days, and other such absurdities, as firmly as he did in the ship's compass. It was long before he could get "to sleep that night, and when he did it was only to dream that he was being chased through the water by a shark with a coffin- shapecl body and a head like Van Doorp's. Then the dream changed, and it seemed as if the ship itself had turned into a coffin, on the other end of which Van Doorp was standing with a loaded pistol, bidding hun jump overboard or be shot. About daybreak he awoke to find the vessel becalmed, the cliffs of St. Helena still visible, and his crew shaking their heads and muttering— "It's a bad lookout to be becalmed here— ch, Hans?" " True, Peter ; we're in a bad way now." " You're right, mates; no luck can come to the old craft with a dead man's curse following her." This sudden calm, following so close upon his own evil deed, seemed to the troubled captain a direct judgment from heaven. All day he wandered about the deck, restless and miserable, watching for some sign of a breeze, but not a rippie was to be seen on the smooth surface. As night fell a pale phosphoric light l>egan to spread over the sea. till as far as the eye could reach it was all like one sheet of fire. Every spar of the ship stood out clearly, and the faces of the crew looked quite ghostly in the unearthly glare. The captain, too ill at ease to go to bed, was moodily pacing the deck, when a cry of horror from his men made him turn round, and he beheld a strange and terrible sight. Right in the centre of this spectral light the strangest kind of a small craft was floating toward the vessel. It was rowed with two broken pieces of wood by a figure which, as it came nearer, was recognized by every one as that of Van Doorp. The crew screamed and ran back like children, while the cruel captain fell on his knees. His strange dream came back to him. Nearer and nearer came the ghostly voyager till he was heard to shout— " Ship ahoy ! Heave us a rope, will you ?"' Now among the crew was a reckless Zealander, a special crony of Van Doorp, to whom this voice sounded so lifelike that he began to hope that his old chum might not be dead after all. He threw out a rope, and the next moment the coffin passenger had scrambled up and leaped down on deck. The thump of his feet upon the planking was so heavy and unghostly that even the terrified captain felt at once that no spirit could ever have made a sound like thai. He started up, and, seizing hold of Van Doorp with both hands (as if to make sure that he was really there), gasped out— " Tell mc this moment—are you alive or dead " Alive, to be sure," answered the sailor, 'aughing. " No thanks to ?/ov, though. When I found the old craft still in sight this morning I thought I might as well give myself one more chance, so I turned Mynheer Kloots out of his coffin, made paddles out of the two halves of the lid, and here I am." " Here's a dollar for you, my lad," said the captain, drawing a long breath. "Go forward and take your old berth again, and after this I'll never punish a man without gocd reason, and then only in a proper way." And Captain Evertsen kept his word. This story is perfectly true, and gives a pretty correct picture of sea-life in the seventeenth ceutuiy.-D. K. "Why," said Fogg, "I didn't suppose you had a son so old as that. I wouldn't have thought it possible." " Don't flatter," replied the delighted Bimvii; "you know I do not look so very youthful." "Oh," said Fogg, quickly, "I didn't compute your years liy your looks, but by your conversation." Four-year-old Augustus is found shaving the head of his cat with his father's razor, and is severely reproved by his nurse. " But," says the little fellow, " men always have such a hard time shaving, I want to practice before my beard grows." THOSE GOOD OLD TIMES.-"I tell you, pard." said old Jimmy Cannon, a guide, " the West has lost its romance. Only a little while ago, it seems to me, where once there was nothing but the whoop of the Indian and the song of the sixshooter, now there are railroads, and Churches, and commercial men, and high schools, and three-card monte men, and lecturers, and daily newspapers, and every little while a natural death. Why, within two months, if the papers tell the truth, several men have died in Wyoming of disease. 1 tell you, it looks as though us oldtiiuers would have to move away. When we have to wait for lingering disease to snuff us out it's time to light out for the frontier." An old Scotch tailor happened 'o have a helpmate of a very peevish and querulous turn in her temper. " Tin yuan to dee, Andrew," said the wife, " Are ye?' replied the tailor, as coolly as if he had been trying the temper of his goose. " Are ye ?—is that the way you speak when Fm tellin' you that I'm gaun to leave you for ever? Ye're no to lay my Danes here amang the riffraff o' Linlithgow, but tak' them to Whitburn, and lay them beside my father and mother." Andrew, esteeming a promise made to a person on the verge of time as sacred, and not wishing to put himself to the expense (which, indeed, he could ill afford), waived giving any answer, but led on a different conversation. " Do vou hear. Andrew 7" " Oh, yes, I hear." " Weel mind what Tin saying. Tak' me to Whitburn, or Fll rise and trouble you nicht and day. Do you \- , ai.v> "yes, ves, I hear perfectly. Is that pain side troubling ye yet'!" "Ou aye! I'm a' injou. B Ut the maist pain tome, is that pain tnegn,^ ^ here." " Oh, woman, dinna dis- >ou 11 lay luy dusj,. <t,at simple circumstance." tress vour^el' about ^ Ye maun tik' me to "Mind, I'll no' lie here. Whitburn, ~ depend on' buried at \\\ at Linlithgow first." HONESTY THE BEST POLICY.—Modest Vou'^T" " Mav I have the pleasure of dancing with yo. • Miss Lightfoot ?' Miss Lightfoot (to her mother's hoiror)—" Thanks—no! My waistband is so tight I can't move, and so are my shoes !" [Modest Yontli, who is, let us say, an Earl of Bichard the First's creation, six feet eight in his pumps, with eight hundred thousand a year, and in every respect the ideal of a young girl's dream—is so touched that he proposes on the spot!]—Punch. 