FATHER .FOCARTY'S FRONT A MYSTERY, BY ROBERT P. WHIT WORTH. "YE don't believe in ghosts at all, then," said host Began, as we sat round the huge fire in his comfortable hostelrie in Beechworth, one cold dirty night last June. The day had been a wild and stormy one, as is frequently the case in winter in that elevated locality, and we, a party of five, were glad to be sheltered within the house, listening to the wind that came in shrieking gusts round the corners, and the heavy swish and patter of the rain on the window panes. In accord with the character of the night, the conversation had taken a dismal and dreary tone, about acci dents, murders, bushranging and the like, and had at last drifted off into the subject of disembodied spirits. Some one, I forget whom, had avowed his thorough disbelief in such rubbish, as he called it. Hence Host Began's question. "I, for one, don't," I said. "I don't be lieve a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, nor raw head and bloody bones, nor any of the crew, any more than I do in Jack the Giant Killer or Little Bed Riding Hood." "Well now," said Host Began, emitting a contemplative whiff, "I'm not so sartain about that. To be sure I never seen a ghost meself, but I've known thim ashas, or said they had. Father Doolan, of my parish, used to tell us it was all nonsense, but my old granny, rest her sowl, said many's the time she heard the screech of the banshee, and seen her too wanst, a woman in white, wring ing her hands, that faded away like the mist. I couldn't say for sartain, but if it wasn't a ghost or a sperrit that was in Father Fogarty's front teeth, what was it ? " "Father Fogarty's front teeth," we ejacu lated in surprise. " Ah, maybe ye never beerd the story. It was a most mystarious affair, but I'll tell it yeAnd so Host Began, who was a droll fun loving Irishman, ceremoniously re-filled his Spipe, and not without a merry twinkle in his bright eyes, solemnly told us the story of ': Father Fogarty s front teeth;. ;-' It was a good.many years ago whin I was '7onnthe Rooky River diggings in New South Wales. Thim was the rough times, and m-any and many's the divil's own ructions I seen on that same Rooky River. It was about 1856 whin I was working there, and there was maybe about six or seven hundred min on the field. It was alluvial sinking, shafts and tunnels mostly. Well, some, o' the diggers was quiet enough, but some was the divil's own b'ys entirely. "There was a party of me own Eounthry men, barrio they were from Tipperary and I was from Wexford, workin' at a place down the river called Kennedy's Creek, about fifty of them there were, and at another place called Mount Welsh, on the other side of Post Office Gully, was about as many Ulster min from Donegal. " These had all kem out in the same ship, and had got quarrelling on boord, and if it .wasn't that the captain had kep 'em below turn about, there'd ha' been murdher aboord a*nd worse. " Anyhow there they wor, about a couple of . miles apart, and kep' up the black blood feud bechune 'em, and if it wasn't for the rest of us who wanted pace and quietness, and kep' 'em down by sheer strenth of numbers, there'd ha' been no livin' there. Even then I doubt if we'd have been able to keep ordher if it wasn't for Father Paul Fogarty. "Oh, Father Fogarty, ye'wor a jewel of a praste intirely. Father Fogarty was the clargyman of the disthric', stationed at Armi dale, but most of his time he spint on the diggings, by rason of havin' to move about from one place to another on the river, about 1 thirty- five miles in all. He was a tall burly man, with the reddest nose I ever seen on mortial man, and two black eyes as bowld as l a hawk's. He kem to keep ordher on the field, and, by the hokey, he done it. He I prached pace and goodwill amongst us, and he practised it - wid a horsewhip. He 1 was kind and patient wid us all - till his eyes began to glisten, and his red nose 1 to twitch, and then, tare and ages, but it was ] look out for squalls. We were all, every man Jack of the seven hundhred of us rough diggers, afeard of him, Irish, English, and t Scotch alike. He'd the soft word and the t civil word for everybody, ontil he was put t out, and then-phillilool He'd a heart as s soft as butther, and a fisht like a horse's hoof. He'd tell us our juty in a way would v bring the wather into our eyes, and persuade e ns to do it with a thick stick. To the sick or the shuckman he was a lamb; to the idle, u the desolute, and'the blasphemer, a raging b lion. ' Shawn Brady avick,' I heard him say n one day to. a big Galway fellow that was a always quarrelling and fighting, ' come here el till 1 spake to ye. What's all this I hear about ye? Ye've not been sober for a week, ft fightin' and creatin' a rookawn day and night h all the time, and the language you use I it Holy Bridget, it's athrocious. What haveye al to say for yourself?' Brady stood sheepishly h fingering the brim of his caubeen, and mut- u tered something about having ' the dhrop in.' "' The dhrop in is it? The dhrop in?' he P roared, ' it's the dbrop that'll lade yer sowl to eternal perdition, ye gourmouge, ye omad hawn; and you not done a ethroke of work since last washin',up, and your ould father 01 and mother at Oraumore without the bite or the sup for all you care, ye ondutiful, black hearted vagabone. I know ye, By this and n' by that. I'll put the cross beohune us, and at thrash ye till your four bones ache. Down d' on your knees sir, and promise your presto to of conduct yourself like a dacent by, or by the of mortial, I'll do what I say; ' and Brady done it, and then snaked away like a whipped d bound. B Still for all he ruled us, as one might say, i at the point of hiseshillelagh ; it would be a Il bad day for any one who had laid a finger on him, or insulted him, if we got to hear of it. Not that he couldn't take his own part, and would too, it necessary. The bully of the camp at the time was a great big Lankie, who'd been a collier, and who was a perfect giant jn strength and brutality. One day di Father Fogarty, hearin' a row in the Pick and Fc Shovel, wint in, and found the divil's own N ructions goin on. There was this big follow c had Bill Cross, who hep' the alanty, by the hair,.and hammerin' him wid a'piwther pot III bekase he wouldn't give him dhrink, and two or three others thryin' to pull him away. " What's this?' says Father Fogarty; ' clear out o' this, every mother's sbn of ye,' pointin' at the same time to the door. The others wint, but the Lankie turned round and faced him, shtill holdin' Cross,.a little chap, by the hair. of "'Let go the dacent man,' said Father Fogarty, quietly, but his nose twitching dan. gerously. nd "' Aw'll noan do that for thee noather,' said the Lankie, with an oath. " The reply was a stinging out across the cheek with his horsewhip. " The Lankie quitted his holt and rushed at Father Fogarty with the roar of a mad y- bull. But the praste wasn't to be caught like I that. The shock was terrible whin they met, but what the Lankie had in sthrinth, Father Fogarty had in scoience. He gave him the inside crook, and the giant wint down with a crash that shook the rafthers; thin coolly dhragging out the insinaible form by the heels, he shied it into the muddy gutther. ' Tell that blagyard,' he said to some passers e' by, ' whin he comes to himself, that if he wants any more to come to Father Fogarty.' But it seemed hbe didn't want any more, for he carefully avoided the praste for weeks, and was even, after he had left the BRocky, bheard to express his admiration for him. ' That theer Father Fogarty,' he would say, ' he're summat loike a pa'ason, he wur. By Gow, he're the only men 'at over gradely fettlet T Lankie Sam, an' chonco it.' " As I've said, every mother's son on the fieold had a howly terror of Father Paul Fogarty's horsewhip, and .. was a soight -wgrt1irookivtit-tl .''. . oarse e al O= day, for he'd ginerally come from Armidale on a Monday, whin a lot o' the fellows who hadn't turned to would be dhrinkin, an' risin' IT- a rookawn in the camp, would see his bony white horse comin' over the rise. The word was riz in a minute, and you'd die laughin' to see a score or two of big, brawny fellows rushin' away to their holes like rabbits into aid their warrens. in "How and ever, this has nothing to do wid one Father Fogarty's front teeth. As I told yen ye before, there was a party of about he fifty Tips. working at liennedy's Creek, and nd about the same number of Donegal men at red Mount Welsh, and there was black bitter sat blood beahune 'em. Well for one thing or rs, anotherthey'd had bits of scrimmages bechune on them, but nothin' to hurt, beside a broken the head or so, ontil early one Saturday mornin', fad Misther White, the warden, and a fine dacent ci- man he was, kemn to me on the quite, an' siz ke, he; ' egan,' sez he, 'I know your's a quite of docent law abidin' citizen.' ' Its proud I am get this day to hear you say so, sir,' sit I. ' ow,' in siz he, 'look at here. The escort has gone to ot Sydney, and I'm left here with only one con stable. I'm inforrumed that the Tips beyant be- are coming in a body, after washin' up to- day for to attack the Donegal min, an' I want you to hs, help me to prevint it.' ' But sir,' siz I,' what of would I do to prevint it, and beside that if mt they want to fight it out let 'em, we'll have no pace till they do, and thin again, I wouldn't a like to spoil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of ain harmless sport as you are Began,' says he, ost 'but this means bloodshed, murder, robbery, cey the camp burned over our heads maybe. Will to you help me to prevint it? ' 'I will, sir,' siz I, old ' if you'll tell me how.' ' Come up to the police me camp,' sic he, ' I'll have a horse esaddled for nd you on the other side the hill, then ride to 0g. Armidale as if the divil was afther ye, and ist. bring Father Fogarty back with ye. Faith t a he's worth a whole army of throopers. Save her yer horses at Uralla and some in through the bush to the back of the camp, so that nobody cu. '11 see ye. An' may be we'll have some fun yet.' ' I'll go bail we will, sir,' sis I, 'faix I It can ancy I see them all scuttherin' whin his it riverence's red nose is to the fore.' " Well, I wint, and soon covered the twelve in- miles. I found the praste just sittin' down to his his brexwust. his "' Savo yer riverence,' sic I. of "' Save ye. kindly,' sic he, ' sit down and take a snack.' rae "But whin I tould him my arrant, you sth should have seen'him. His eyes fairly blazed, ad and his red nose twitched up and down like aI jack-jumper. ae "'Oh I the blackguards, - the vagabcoes. nd Mona nmort diavuf. Heaven be bechuna us ed and evil, if I don't break every bone in heir 0g, skins. Not a thraneen do I care for the best o' of them. Oh I I'll throunce 'em. Oh the rs roarin', schamin', thievin' omadhouns. Oh I the curse of Cromwell-Holy Bridget grant y. me patience-the poor benighted hathens I where's my whip?' vn " We were back before noon, having left Ity our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Dangar's ice lagoon, and done the remaining two miles of through the bush. Father Fogarty was-en. ter sconced in the police camp unobserved, where I left him fretting and fuming like a caged ip, tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, it save by my mates, to whom I made some ow thrifling excuse. rd "I could iot help laughing and chuckling to meself, as I pictured to meself the total of rout of the contending armies, but wisely said ad nothin' to my mates whin they axed me what of was I laughin' at, except, ' Wait a bit, maybe p' yell see some fun soon.' 'd "At about two o'clock we knocked off, and bt by three the camp was pretty full of diggers it from all parts of the river, and I noticed that the Tips had all come armed wid sticks, a while in many of their jumpers were bulges 0e that towld tales to me of that fearful weapon, i- the "stone in a stocking." is "At about four o'clock the ruction began. it The Tips, who had formed themselves into a at body just above the police camp, raised a ly sudden yell, and rushed forward with a in shower of stones to annihilate their unpre. as pared foes, when the gate opened wide, and ee out marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in Ie hand. d "'Howly mother,' cried someone, 'it's the [e prast I ' 11 " I've heer'd tell that whin Boney lost the ie battle of Watherloo, he said something in as Frinch that manes ' the divil take the hind. n most.'* Well, it was just that. Ye never h seen such a scatther. Up the hill, and down d the road, into the bush, and into the river, e they fled, with the victorious praste dhrivin' it the vanquished inimy before him, lashin' and ,s slashin' at them for dear life. a "'Yo murtherin' thaves I ye graceless d villains I ye rapparees I I'll tache ye; I'll a excom- Howly Bidpup, bet's bat ?' r. "Bat, or that, as he meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at.him, B but which had sthreck him lanes in the mouth, knocking out two of his frontlteeth, e and completely puttin' a full shtop to his o eloquence. S" If roared, he yelled, he spat out mouth. fuls of blood and teeth, he danced, he toruhis hair, he threw down his hat and jumped on Sit. I niger seen a man in such a tearin'rage, and what made him ten times worse was that he couldn't talk so as to make himself I undherstood. "'Ohl you burberib poombibs, bhe purp of t Pombik-Oh I oh I oh l "I need hardly say the fun was over for that day. Father Fogarty was led back to the police camp amid respectful silence, the opposing force were routed, but the haro of the day was disabled. " Av coors he couldn't perform mass the next day, as not only was his mouth swollen I and his lip cut, but the loss of his teeth ren. dered him incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they heard of the accident, but as he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon nrz to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. But bhore a nw difliculty stood in the way. He positively refused togo. It was bad enough a to be laughed at there, but to make himself a laughing stock to the graceless people of Sydney, he couldn't and he wouldn't. Be sides, as he said, 'Be peppard's plape wab wib hip plop.' "'Fortunately, or unforfunately, just at this time, a dintiat, a poor one, but still a dintist came up to Armidale,'and to him wint. r Father Fogarty for relief from his woos.. Now in thim days artificial teeth were not so common, ospooeially in sech out of the way • Our host meant " Sauve quf pent." places as the Rooky River diggings ae they are now, and this dintiet's business was more in the way of takin' out teeth than putting them in. But the case was urgent, and prompted by the prospect of good pay, the dintiet undertuk to supply the missing in cisors. He had no teeth unless he could get them at second hand from some dead body, and.that was hardly practicable, nor had he any ivory to make them of, unless in deed a billiard ball, or, happy thought-yes, he had it. There was a spare pair of dice in the bar of the hotel where he sthayed, and of these he would manufacture the teeth. The landlord gave them up to him willingly enough, remarking at the time that they were all that was left by Jack Adams, who had died on the Rooky three months before, and ripresented a grog score of four pounds three, which Jack left owing. As thegrog score was gone the dice mi3ht as well go after it, and they were loaded anyhow. "But little use as the dice were as dice, they came in admirably for Father Fogarty's front teeth. They were out down, polished, fitted nicely on a goold plate, and once more Father Fogarty rejoiced in perfect white and even front teeth, more white and even, to tell the thruth, than the originals had been. The dintist was happy, for he had been paid his bill. Father Fogarty was happy, bekase he could talk and ate once more like a rasonable Christian, and his parishioners were happy, bekasa their panther was again able toprache to them, or maybe scowld them. "Now here the shtory as a matter-of.fact shtory inds, but here comes in the mystarious part of it. FatherFogarty, worthy man, was not exatly an ascetic. He had always liked f - itil?bl? o'Tr n unoi ing-t bed; and-ma g his drap of whiskey on a cowld wet day, draw of the pipe, and maybe a quite rubber of whist, or ahand at spoil five or cribbage with a friend in an evenin'. His language out of the pulpit had occasionally been a little othrong, but niver such as could well be taken exception to, except by the;very fastiguoue. But now all this was changed. He felt an unec countable and unconquerable longing which grew sthronger and sthronger on him every day, to visit the billiard rooms at the Wel lington or the Freemasons. Perhaps there was no great harrum in that, but whin it kem to betting on ethrokes, makin' one at pool, and talkin' the slang of the game, it grew noticeable. Thin, again, he seemed to fall unconsciously into the habit of shmoking cigars, and even pipes, not only there, but in the public sthreets. He played loo, and once startled the frequenters of a public bar by proposin' a little flutther at hazard for a fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what was it? He couldn't tell. He was sorely exercised in his moind. He knew quite well what he was doin', and yet for the life of him he couldn't help it. He fought against the infatuation, but it seemed to to overmashter him complately. "But matchers grew worse and worse. One Sunday while servin' mass he shoandalised his congregation by suddenly announcin' that he would 'back the field, bar one.' There was a dead dilence, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with the evil spirit, for surely it was an evil spirit that had taken possession of him, but ere long his flock were still more schcandalised by hearing him assever with a terrible oath that he would ' go a level pony on the little chestnut filly Ganymede.' Some of the congregation riz and left at this sacri lege, and the poor praste bowed his head to his pulpit cushions, and wept. Thim who re mainedlookedpityingly ontheirbelovedpastor, who, afther a pause, riz and said-" My chil. dren, you are astonished, no doubt, but no more than I am, at my ethrange conduct; but you must see that I am either goin' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and I'll lay you evens on either single, or five to one on the double evint. Bring in the bones-half. a-crown in, and the winner shouts.' " These last extraordinary words were wrung from him in agony, as, the beads of sweat on his brow plainly showed, and after utterin' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lewd and profane exclamations. IMen turned pale with terror, and women shrieked, some fainted, as rising from his knees he shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, ' And now I'll shake any, one in the crowd for drinks all round.' " Clearly Father Fogarty was mad-stark, starin', ravin' mad. Or was it possible that the devil still had power on earth to enter into the human frame and utter.blasphemies like these. "He was led to his house by some of his sorrowing flock, and a message despatched off to Maitland, where his superior was, inform ing him of the sad occurrence. "Another clargyman was sint up, but Father Fogarty grew worse. The language he used was somethin' awful to hear, and the docthor could do nothin' for him. " The hearttfelt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of every other congregation, for he was well liked by all, were offered up, but in vain. *" He was sinsible enough, and, poor man, knew well, too well, what he was doin'. His heart was bruk. Yes, he was possessed of a devil that would not, and could hot be driven out. "But one day, as he was rampagin' as usual, talkin' about horse racin' and cock fightin', and gamblin', and all kinds- of spoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktails, and other murdherin' dhrinks, sure, a sthrange thing happened. FATnER FoGARTY'S FRONT TEETH FELL, OUT. " In a moment there was a change. "Father Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the foul-mouthed, fiend ridden, gambler, the drinking, tearin', swearin' reprobate, but the humble, pious, earnest ser. vant of God he had been before his sthrange attack. "Ho knew what it was. He felt what it was. It was the teeth done it. They had been made, the dintist confesses it afther, out of the dice that had belonged to Jack l Adams, the most notorious gambler, blas phemer, and evil liver on the diggings, and the black soul of the licentious rowdy had, I afther his death, haunted the dice, his fami- 1 liar spirits during his lifetime. " At lasts, if it wasn't that," concluded Host Regan, with an air of conviction, "what was it ?" We none of us could solve the problem, and could only confess, with Hamlet that-if the story woere true- there are indeed more things in heaven and earth than oven we dreamt of in our philosophy. 