RHYME AND REASON. [Br Lewis Oabuoll.] (With sixty-five illustrations by Arthur B. Frost, aud nine by Henry Holiday.) This is not altogether a new book, for it contains the " Hunting of the Snark," with Holiday's illustrations, published six or seven years ago, and some of the other poems have been published in periodicals. The " Hunting of the Snark" is by far the cleverest of the long poems, and although the volume is inscribed in very pretty verses to "a dear child, in memory of golden hours and whispers of a summer sea," it is not a child's book; it has not the ingenuous grace and simplicity of " Alice in Wonderland," and " Through the Looking-glass," and the Snark is the only thing in this volume that a child will care about. It is grown people who delight most in the wild absurdities of the crew who went in seareh of that composite creature something between a snake and a shark, though there are some felicitous verses that we hear children repeating with great inward satis faction, such as:— They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care, They pursued It with forks and hope; They threatened its life with a railway share, They charmed it with smiles and soap. And that passage where the bellman de scribes the signs of a snark, and concludes thus "For though common Bnarks do no manner of kirm, Yet I feel it my duty to say Some are Boojums—" The bellman broke off in alarm, For the baker had fainted away at the suggestion of the far more terrible creature They roused him with muffins, Ithey roused him with ice. They roused him with mustard and cress. They roused him with jam and judicious advice, They set him conundrums to guess. The sabjects of the two larger poems are different from the earlier effort. ''Phantas magoria" is an attempt at the natural history and habits of ghosts, spectres, phantoms, goblins, elfs, and sprites, and the Three Voices is rather a burlesque imitation than a parody of Tennyson's "Two Voices." Mr. Frost's illustrations of phantom world are good, reminding us of Mr. Tenieel's Cheshire cat, that faded away till nothing but the grin could be seen. There are four exceedingly clever riddles towards the end of the book, one of which we give to exercise the inge nnity of our readers in the proper column for such things. They know Lewis Carroll as the nom de plume of an Oxford mathematician, who invented a game of verbal transmuta tions very much in vogue two years ago. We iike to think of him as the bachelor uncle of the veritable Alice. Girt with a boyish garb for boyish task. Eager she wields her spade, yet lores as well Best on a friendly knee, intent to ask The tale one likes to tell. . . . Chat on, sweet maid, and rescue from annoy Hearts that by wiser talk are unbeguiled; Oh 1 happy he who owns that tenderest joy. The heart-lore of a child. In the poem called "Tfema con Varia zidne," he shows the effect of dilution; in one called "Echoes" he mixes up three poems. Tennyson's "Clara Vere de Vere and "Locksley Hall" and Wordsworth's "We are Seven in a most ingenious manner— ■ Lady Clara Vere de Vere, Was eight years old, she said: Erery ringlet, lightly shaken, ran Itself in golden thread. £. She took her little porringer, Of me she shall not win renown, For the baseness of its nature shall hare weight to drag her down. Sisters and brothers, little maid? Then stands the Inspector at thy door Like a dog he hunts for boys who know not two and two are four. Kind words are more than coronets, She said, and wondering looked at me; It is the dead unhappy night, and I must hurry home for tea. These vers de societe cannot have the last ing popularity of the early works. We see that" Alice in Wonderland" has reached its seventy-first thousand, and "Through the Looking-glass, and what Alice found there," whichisquiteasgood, if it is not better than the " Wonderland," its tifty-second thousand; hut it appears that only the first has been translated into French, German, and Italian, 