KTNJIROX STTIKE COUNCIL- The adjourned monthly meeting of the Kyneton Shire Council was held on Saturday at the Shire HalL PRESENT . Crs Macpherson (President) Buscombe, W. Thomson, Carter, Young, Sogan, Ewing, M'Kenna, J. B. Thomson, and Armstrong. MINUTES. The minutes of the previous monthly meeting were read and confirmed, and the minutes of the committee meetings taken as reports and subsequently adopted. CORRESPONDENCE. From G. J. Sands. KYNETON CBSEKVZB, requesting payment of his account for pruiting, considerably .overdue; and pointing out that in either Melbourne or Castlemaine the facilities for printing enabled it to be done cheaper than in Kyneton. Further remarking that nearly all other Councils pay higher rates for adveitising than the Kyneton Council does; and offering to reduce charges for printing so that it shall be lower than is likely to be done outside Kyneton, on condition that a reasonable price be allowed for advertising. Received and Mr Sands' account as rendered to be paid on the motion of Cr Carter, seconded by CrM'Kenna. From Thomas O'Brien, Trentham, requesting compensation for damage done to his fencing by falling trees. Received, and referred to the Shire Inspector. "From Crown Lands Bailiff; Castlemaine, asking to be informed of the names of parties within the shire who use water artificially to promote the growth of cereals, also from what source the water is obtained. Received ; the information already supplied. From Hiram Godwin, with opinion that sub-section 20 of the bye-law pro- viding for the imposition of fees upon auctioneers selling in the Shire Cattle Market, and their prevention in default of payment of fees, is «ltro»ire*, and that a prosecution under it would not succeed. Received, and referred to the market Bye-laws Committee. From Caroline Kitchenham, Nulla Nulla, objecting to pay rates on land at lAngley prior to her receiving the occupation license from the Lands Department. Received, no action taken as Mrs Kichenham was In occupation when the valuation was made. From the Engineer, Mollison street bridge, certifying that the foundations of the north abutment are in aocordanee with instructions, and in every way satisfactory. Received, From Municipal Association of Victoria inth opinion that the dates fixed for ordinary Council meetings constitute a meeting, notwithstanding that there may not be a quorum present. Received. Fron G. H. Edwards, asking whether the land forming part of Mollison street next Mrs Peters' paddock may be considered legally within the boundaries of the street, it appearing to have been a public thoroughfare for upwards of twenty years. Received, already replied to. From W. D. Christian, Woodend, re- questing immediate attention to the hill known as " Andy Coombes'," Chanter's Lane. Reoeived, and the Engineer to confer with Mr Christian, and report to next meeting. From the Hon Chas. Young, promising to do all in his power to procure return tickets for country l nes. Received. From Dooken'dorff and Co., East Trentham, requesting improvements in James's Lane, from Gleed's and Pearson's Lane to Oonnell'i j and offering to contribute £20 to the expense. Received, and the road to ta attended to when the riding is in funds. From Shire of Bsllan, declining to cooperate in making a claim for a large grant from the Government in aid of the Trentham .and Blackwood road. Received. From Shire of East Loddon, requesting co-operation in procuring the imposition of a heavy duty upon wax matches. From Oxley Shite urging total suppression of mx notches. From the North Ovens Shire Council in favor of a wax match with a safety caippositioił, Received, and no action taken. From M tcalfe Shire Council, requesting payment of L3213a, being half cost nf improvements on the Boundary Road, Received and the amount to be paid. From the Treasury with account for L1785 0s 7d, for completion. Received, From same, with bonus of L19 8s 9d to collector of agricultural statistics. RfCjewafJ, snd the amount to be paid to the cfllle^gf. Fręnj Depaftnfent Pqbiic WAf^f > iijg % tpapjng fljf pFpppsed nevr' p>ad at Feques£ to be cou.t *—• for Lands reo&pstwg; fa From Secrete. be furnished with a copy u. — i n which it is proposed to let the grcu... _ the market reserve. Received and referred to the members for the Kyneton Riding. From Joseph Palmer on behalf of alcolm Kennedy, Langley, requesting he Council to consent to the sale of pro- claimed road at the north-west corner of portion 33, parish of Langley; and agreeing to give land in another position in exchange. Received, and referred to the members for the riding and the Engineer for report to next meeting. From John Gordon, Tylden, asking permission to take a few loads of gravel from the quarries near Thomas O'Connor's. Received. FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The Secretary reported under date April 1st, that the cash balance at the bank amounted to L2G23 10s lid. INSPECTOR OF HEALTH AND NDSANCES. From Sergeant Manson, Inspector of Nuisances and Health, requesting to be infortned of how many pigs constitute a piggery; also asking to be informed whether persons keeping a pig or pigs for sale are to register them. Received, and the Inspector to be informed that a piggery is a place to keep pigs. in. _ From same, reporting the Sanitary condition of the town as satisfactory; and stating that complaints are frequent in regard to the want of a manure depot. Received and the inspector to be asked whether he is aware of diphtheria having occurred during February last, and the matter cf the manure depot referred to the members for the Kyneton Riding with instructions to take the necessary steps immediately. From same, requesting payment of the sum £2 on account of burying dead animals found in public places, and for the abatement of nuisances in the town; and stating that the former advance had been expended all but 2s. <xL Received, and the Insper-tor to send in monthly claims for work done. BATE COLLECTOR'S HEPOBT. Since last meeting rates to the amount £115 8s. 6d. have teen collected, making with £17 -3s previoudy collected, a total of £132 lis. fid. Received. ENGINEER'S REPORT. 1\. Recommended in connection with the drainage of Jenning Street, near the river that the small portion of the street between Mill street and the river be hp^tiątBftlwe^UtegliberpDtlin ... , —„row am ox- I ° - f i B o ^ u n T ^ K S o p t e l r¥he survey ef the proposed street through Ł Mr. TUT. Bodkin's property mvmnrtv into Bead Begg Street has been made. The fencing should be done as soon as possiale. The sixteen feet frontage to High Street required to make the whole street one chain wide sholud also be taken. Received and adopted. 3\. The contract for the supply of bluestone spalls for metal for the town expired on the 11th inat. The work is not half done. A further supply of 1,000 or 1,200 yards of metal is urgently required for the winter maintenance of the streets of the town. Received and considered under the orders of the day. 4\. I have employed a man to break and spread metal t>n the Central Edgecombe road towards Malmsbury. Received and action approved. Ł The large bridge in James's Lane will not repair. It is most unsafe. Received and adopted. 6\. The work ordered to be done by day labor near Mr. G. W. Johnson's gate on the Spring Will road should be let by tender. It-is much requi ed. Received and adopted; tenders to be called for the work. 7\. The main road between Kyneton and Boggy Creek is the roughest piece in the shire. The large stones should be picked up and broken, and about 200 yards of metal spread. Received and adopted. The work to be done. 8\. Donovan and Kennedy's application for extension of time on account of their contract at Baynton was to be considered to-day. They are two months over time. ~ Received. Cr M'Kenna moved that if the Engineer find the work satisfactorily done , no fine be imposed. Seconded by Cr J. B Thomson. Gr Ewing moved that the matter be referred to the Engineer and the members of the Riding for report at next m eting. Cr Armrtrong seconded the amendment which was carried. ACCOUNTS An item in the accounts '' ploughing in gardens " was drawn attention to, and the secretary explained that the gardener ploughed the land and charged the Council with the expense. He bought the seed himself and took the crop for himself. It was resolved that Mr Orames be refunded the amount expended for seed this year, and that when the crop is ready for cutting that it he sold standing. In connection with the Gas Company's account it was remarked that complaints were frequently made that lamps had not been lit at all during nights. The lamp at the bottom end of Ebden-street was stated not to have been lit at all on the night of the 14th April. It was resolved that in regard to the latter instance, the Gas Company be called upon for an explanation, previous to a fine being imposed ; also that the Town Inspector be asked to report any instances in which lamps are not lit The following accounts were then passed for piyment: — On the recommendation of the Finance Committee— Clerk of Works, salary, £14 2s ; Secretary's salary, £19 14a Id; Engineers, L29 3s 4d; G. H. Edwards, commission, L125 ; R <te Collector, salary, Lll 13s ; Inspector of Nuisances, LI 13s 4d ; Muni- cipal Association, L4 4s ; W. H. Browne, salary, L3 8s ; W. Oarmes, gardens, L10 10s; A.Oarmes, L3 15 ; G. Williams, LI 16s ; W. Jobson, LI 10s 7d ; G. Rainbaw, ploughing, L3 32s | Gas Company, L20 6d ; W. Murphy, pounds, L17 19s 3d ; W. Dunkley, L4 3s 5d; R.jAppleford, writing, L2 ; C. Dullard, removing tree, LI ; J. Elderfield, L3 10s ; J. Gray, gas mains, LI 10s ; G. Milledge, sundries, L2 Is lOd; G. Laver, L6 ; w. Twyford, herdsman, L5 6s 8d ; G. J. Sands, KYNETON OBSER- VER, printing, advertising <fcc., Ł2 Cs 5d ; G. Tonka, repairs, L3 4s 2d ; W. Jobson, cartage, L4 lis ; J. S. Johnson, statistics, L19 8s 9d ; President's allowance, L7f> ; Metcalfe Council, L32 13. On the certificate of the Shire Surveyor— W. Goodisin, L4 4s 6d ; B. Hickey, L2 ; R. E. R1'Lennan, L8 8s ; W. K. A. M'Lennan, LB 14s j W. Halloran, L2 2s ; W. Christian, 13s ; J. Smith, L9 19s; E. Gilbert, L9;Ca-ovan, L93s; Geo. Cooke, L3 13s 6d ; W. Jobson, L10 16s 6d ; L. M'Phereon, L15 ; J. Glasscott, L30 ; A Paton, L13 ; H. Power, L32 : P. Charles, L80; O. M'Carron, L60; Donovan and Kennedy, L50; L. Mac. pherson and Co. L12 12s 6d ; M. O'Connell, L5 6s 6d; J. Paton, L98 7s 10s: J. Sullivan, L16 3s-: P. Corcoran, L8 lis ; P. M'Kew, LSlls Ud; M. Collins, L2 2s 9d; — Wright, L3 13s 8d; J. Mulligan, L2 6s Id; G. Buckley, L1153 4s 4d. ("The President here retired, and Cr W. Thomson was voted to the chair). SINOERS. On the question of acceptance of tenders, Grflp. KjomBQQ moyed that the consideration 'of''the repprt of the Public Works Committee and the tenders lodged, be held qser til), next meeting. His rgajpij fgr dojqg so wąs the scarcity of ffflWS 9»4 ftąpessity te being able to • «latwfcetfiFty « Hłe ęfasę ftf the balaiiw financial year. ~ in- Cr M'Kenna declined to have interests of Carlsruhe riding interfered with, and he also did not feel called upon to interfere with the business of any other riding. With all the works in progress and those proposed to be executed, the Carlsruhe riding would have a debit bdauce of only £415. Cr Thomson's motion was occasioned by the immense expenditure on the Mollison- street bridge, which was always held up as a ghost to frighten other ridings from incurring necessary expenditure. Kyneton wanted good roads and good bridges, but desired nther people to drive through the mud and mire of the creeks. It was too late to whip the cat when the money had been spent, and he insisted upon having justice done to the people he had been elected to represent. There was no seconder. Cr Armstrong moved that contracts 40, 65, 66, and 70 (particulars below) be the onlyoneB accepted on the present occasion; also that the financial condition of the various ridings be referred for report to next meeting to a committee composed of the President, Crs M'Kenna, Young, Busoombe, Ewing, W. Thomson, and the movers .also that all expenditure proposed at the meeting be -referred to the Committee. Cr M'Kenna agreed to this proposal and seconded-it. Cr Buscombe wished it to be known that he refused to incur any individual responsibility in connection with a shire overdraft. The Mollison-street bridge was clearly a mistake. The shire market yard was iijV Ear worse condition for its revenue had been spent open the bridge. Cr Armstrong's motion was - then. put and carried. The following tenders were then accepted :—No. 40—Clearing Baynton and Lancefield three- ehain road, W. Boyer, iunr., £92; 65—Timber bridge; James' Lane, Tylden, J. Ogden (redgum), -£78 ; 66—Timber bridge, Sandy Creek, Baynton, J. Ogden, £218 10s; 70—Timber bridge, on threę-chain-road. Bavnton. J Ogden. £73. /' i-' SHE THISTLE FTUESNON. Or W. Thomson moved pursuant to notice that that the resolution ..of -January Thistle Statute in the Shire be rescinded. Theco^ywas^ybecomingove. run with thistles. He had cut some no less than four nm imes, yet now he had a forest of thistles, seeding the whole country before them. He had heard it said that thistles would die off, and that cattle and sheep would feed upon them. Horses would perhaps eat the young buds, but the thistles were so high that sheep could not reach them. Possibly thistles might be useful where there was no cultivation but they were a nuisance to agriculturists as was shown by the fact that some farmers had to procure fresh sets of men every day or two, the others having run away. He would point out that the shire need not enforce the act, as it was competent for any private person to set the law in motion. "Jack Anderson" was bad enough but it was not blown about and did not get into neighbors' paddockB. Cr Hogan concurred with Cr. W. Thomson and regarded it as a disgrace to any farmer to have thistles upon his land. Yet he had them on his own farm, the explanation of which was that as fast as he cut them, seed was blown in from the road. Cutting thistles shouldbe enforced. Men would not work where they grew, and horses would not walk through them. He seconded the motion. Cr Young gave it as his experience that thistles were not in the road where there was no cultivation. He however urged that the action of the Council must be general or nothing at all should be done. Cr Armstrong that the difference in opinion was just the difference between sheep and agricultural farming. Thistles formed good feed in bad seasons, but the motion should apply only to part of the shire. Cr Carter had had great experience in regard to thistles. He considered their presence on a farm a disgrace and had found that where they grew, grass would not flourish. Cr MTKenna's experience led him to differ with Cr Carter, and had found that as long as ground was left in grass thistles would die out. The seed dropped at the stalk of the plant and did not germinate until such time as the land was tilled when abundant crops were produced. For himself he would not cut thistles even if he were fined for refusing. By way of illustration he instanced Sir W. J. Clarke's property near Lancefield road and Sunbury where for ten miles on each side of the line not a thistle was to be found. Two years ago it was not so. With regard to thistles as food, Sir W. Clarke's father had told him that he had found nothing fatten sheep better than thistles. For himself he had found that the downy things which blew away from thistle heads were not seed —that in times of drought they died out— that horses and cattle trampled down the stalks and then fed upon them—and that thistles were the best things we could have in any dry country. Cr Carter wanted to know how those who cut their thistles kept their stock alive. Cr M'Kenna really did not know, but wondered how they did. The motion was then put and negatived. PRIVATE EOAD AT TILDES. Cr Young reported that he had seen Mr Dwyer with regard to the purchase of a road through his private property at Tylden, leading to the head works of the water supply. Mr Dwyer was willing to sell a road 22 feet wide at a reasonable price as soon as satisfactory arrangements in regard to the pipe track had been arrived at. The land for the road would be two acres in area, and he believed that Mr Dwyer would accept £100 in full. This price, though apparently large, was not unreasonable, for the land was good, and Mr Dwyer had not a great deal of it. The action of the Council had forced Mr Dwyer into legal expenses, and he thought the amount (£25) should be allowed him. Mr Dwyer was also willing to erect gates swinging upon hie own land, at his own expense. What Mr Dwyer asked was not at all unreasonable when it was remembered that no less than £75 was being paid to Mr Sandford for a temporary road through his paddock, near the Kyneton railway station. The report was referred to the Water Trust. ORDERS or THE DAY. Cr Buscombe moved that tile Engineer report upon the oondition of the back three-chain road to Carlsruhe, and upon the footpath so far as it lies within the Kyneton Riding. Seconded by Cr Young and carried. Cr Buscombe moved that the contractor for the supply of metal be instructed to remove it from the footpath in Wedge Street. Seconded by Cr Armstrong and carried. Cr Armstrong moved that the members for Tylden and Trentham Riding, with Crs W. Thomson, Young,jand the mover, be appointed tq prepare a, statemęnt of the financial condition of Tyjden ąnd Trentham Riding ; and to protect the interests of the shire in connection with the proposed severance. Or Hogan characterised the movement as. '<all gąs" and seconded the lnqtiqn which ufas carried. Or Ąriniłtrong moved that' Crs Carter (Lauriston and Edgeoombe), W. Thomson M/Keima (Carlsruhe), and fK.-yne.~- Hogan (Tylden and irentnam;, | pointed Returning Officers for the year. Seconded by Cr M'Kenna and carried. Cr M'Kenna moved that the co-operation of Newham and Qlenlyon Shire Councils be sought in suppressing the rabbit nuisance and that the delegates be requested to meet and consider the question. Seconded by Cr Carter and carried Cr W. Thomson moved that 5 chains of draining be done on the three-chain road at the back of Dwyer's farm, Mount Alexander Road. Seconded by Cr' Buscombe and carried. Cr Armstrong moved that necessary repairs be made upon the road leading past the hospital to Rogers' ford. Seconded byCr Buscombe and carried. The Council then adjourned. 