DAN.LYONS' D00M. By WAIF WANDER. CHAPTER III.-(ComoUEvDn.) Butni there was that in the woman's face, and especially in her dark, deep set eyes, that was a warning to a closer observer. It was a hard face, a cruel face, an ebstinate face, an utterly untrustworthy face. .If ever ,ignorance and prejudice, and a total want of moral consciousness were stamped upon features they were stamped in the coun tenane eofl Mrs. Brady. Each of the three ehildren that seated themselves at the table round her on the occasion bi which I write bad some resemblance to the mother; but the unscrupulous canning of Cornelius, the ani mal vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable passions that gleamed in the eyes of Father James were all doubled and intensified in the old woman's face. As the man we call Father James seated himself opposite to where she stood she leaned on both hands as she rested them on the table and bent over it toward his bowed face, as she mattered angrily between her set teeth: "So it's on you again? Oh, blood of the elever Bradys, of Clogher, turned to water, the night is comin' on an' it's freezin' ye are I " * The bitter scorn of the tones was felt keenly by the man to whom they were addressed, and a glanoe was flashed from his awful eyes into the woman's that was terrible to meet. "By --" he cried, if you weren't my mother you would hannt me too, for I'd kill you I And as it is you'd better be warned, for you may go too far some day, and my life is ol little worth. She started back as his clenched flat was struck so violently on the table that the dishes were disturbed, but at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly change, and she laughed harshly. " One can't say a word to you at all, James, these times," she said; can't you take a joke from your mother ?" " Jokel" he repeated, as he stood up and dashed his chair back from the table. "Am I a child again that you think to twist me round your finger I Jokel who in: their senses would joke with blood on their hands and the hangman's rope round their necks ?" and he slammed the door of an adjoining room behind him, leaving his supper un touched on the table. Mrs. Brady's face grew white as chalk, and she fell into a chair, staring at.Cornelius with her terrified dark eyes. "What has come over him at all, Conn," she cried; "he's not the same man since we -cope here. Oh, my God, do you think he'll go back on us after all ?" and she rocked her. self to and fro despairingly. "To tell you the truth, mother, I'm getting afraid," replied Cornelius, as he attacked his food with an appetite. "I hope that the black coat isn't potting ideas of religion and repentance in his head." "If I thought so I'd tear it off his back I A'eon of mine turn white livered ? A man withimy blood in him turn back from the re. venge I swore him to on the cross ? If I thought so, I'm his mother, and I'd knife him with my own hands." She looked as if she would, She seemed quite capable of any deed as.she rose and shook her right hand out clenched against the air around her. As her long fingers gripped each other, then so they would doubt less have gripped an 'enemy's throat had it been within reach when the hot blood was boiling in her veins-the same blood, as she had truly said, that had made Father James a haunted man. And Nora ate her food hastily, and scarcely hearing a word that was passing round her; for she was used to her mother's temper, though she was not in her secrete, and never troubled her head as to what aroused it. At the present she was too much occupied about the admirer her brother had given her in his idle chaff, and calculating the effect of a dress she intended to don on the morrow with the sole hope of exhibiting herself in it to the un. eonscious Irishman. As for Mrs. Brady, she had forgotten the presence of her youngest until it was recalled to her by a motion of Cornolias as he spoke in a low voice. "You forget, mother, that somebody is here." "Oh Nora ? She never hears anything that does'nt concern her own self, or sees any thing, God help her, but her own handsome face in the glass. Nora I Nora, I say I " What ? returned Nora, with a start on her return from the realms of fanay. " What wor you thinking of ?" Tady Connor," promptly replied the girl; and Cornelius rose from the table with a loud laugh that made the angry blood rush into his sister's face. CHAPTER IV. THE FORTUNE.TErLEu OF MOUNT ODBAN. Tns hut is high up on a spur of Great Mount Roban in a sheltered spot nearly hidden by trees and big brown rocke, half covered with green moss and grey lichen ; it was built of heavy timber slabs, and covered by sheets of boo bark, both of which showed the weather. worn hue of many years. From the front of this hut on the side of the mount one of the grandest views around Marranga was discernable, and if it had been built for the purpose of espionage, no situ. Ation could have been better chosen, The township lay under the eye like a green map, dotted with little white cubes that represented dwellings, and right across the long line of the gleaming creek, past St. Herrioks, and up the slope where the lone cemetery lay, not ahuman being could move without being traced from Nan Griflith's hut. The very gully where lay the long-deserted claims was open to the view from that hill home; and as far as the eye could reach far across the plains bounded by the low, purple-blue hills, one could follow the track along which the coach passed once a day ; in short, the eyrie of an eagle was never built in a more commanding and yet retired spot. Two or three days alter that on which my story opens, Nan Grifiths was sitting on a block of wood outside the door of the hut, and under the heavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its crooked branches over her un. canny-looking figure. She was a very old woman, with white hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long cloak that covered her even down to her feet; to this cloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will over her head, and holes, through one of which a skinny hand was passed to grasp a crutched stick. The old creature was tooth less, and her skin was shrivelled up on her face like sun-tanned leather; but the keen dark eyes that sparkled under the long white hairs of her eyebrows were apparently as serviceable as when she was 20 years younger. She was muttering and mumbling to her self in a dissatisfied way that made her sharp nose and chin meet in a manner that gave her some resemblance to a bird of prey, when she saw a woman climbing up the track among the trees leading toward the hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirty. five, with dark hair and. eyes, and a weary, helpless look inther face that would have won the sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. "What a time you'veo been I Faugh, the women there is in these days 1"I "I was as quick aus I could be," Ellen Grifflthe returned, as she seated herself wearily near the hog, "and I'm as tired as death." - - , "Death is never tired, you fool,and, you always are," Nan growled; "and now you sit there 'staring before you without telling me a word ; did you see the child." "Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him." " Where was he ?" !' Up in the cemetery at" the Colonel's grave.' " " By himself ?" "No, he was with Resignation St; Herrick.". The reply seemed to stun the sold hag with surprise. -. With Resignation St. Herrick I With her of all the children in the world I" and then a harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully. "It would be grand," she screeched; "I wish I'd thought of it afore; bht there's time enough. I'll make a police~ian-a trap of him.' "A policeman I of who ?" " 0f Dan I would it not be grand if he were to trap Colonel St. Herrick's murderer I" ' Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though abe had. " Oh it's awful isn't it I your mother is'a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man you loved. TFaugh'l you white-livered .worm, that would turn.and lick the hand that struck you; are you a child of mine.at all ?" :" ?Ellen was used-to such talk, and she-said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to, death, weary look in her poor white. face. - " Tell me what you heard, curse you, and don't sit there like a senseless image driving me mad," :houted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently; "open your mouth and speak, fool that you are." - , "What am I to tell about first?" : "The new people at St, Herricks, who are they?--quiok." "Their name is Brady, an old mother, two sons, and a daughter. They've taken St. Herrioks-rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it tiue that they're going into the old ground again?" "Ye. Y.' The hag gave her daughter,another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like the halt of a pair of nut-crackers as she shrieked- - "I'11 throttle you if you don't speak out I what has come over you at all fool? Have you seen a ghost--the ghoatl of Colonel Herrick, eh?" "No, but' I have, 'eqn a faco like Dan Lyons." -- - At the reply the old woman's hand- ftell from- her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. - "You don't meanthat he has come back Ellen?" "No, it was in a woman's face I .saw, the likeness, and then it was in the eyes only. When I was.looking for little Dan I went round by the fence at St. Harrick's,S and found a young girl looking over it as it watch ing for some one ; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have taken the place." "'Well I you spoke to her of course ?" "-Yese,and got a good .deal of nws out of her, but before I left her mother came out and called her angrily away. ,It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons." " It was in your own eyes you saw a tool," said the hag scornfully. "You think- of nothing morning, noon, and night, ,but that double dyed murderer that left a curseneo you and yours. Go on with what: you,were saying." , " She's a young girl, and a silly one, the Brady girl; but you'll eoon sacee her for your self, for I told her about you, and she's suore to pay you-a visit, She thinks.of ,nothing but sweethearts, and. her brother has.told her that a man is in love with her." "What man ?" - :' " Do your remember, Tady ,Connor, mother?" - "That Conneor that ,worked in the Gully when the Colonel was killed?" " The same." . . \-- " Something is going to happen I"exclaimed Nan, wildly. i No wonder: I dreamed dl strange things and saw strange signs I Go on 1" "When Mre. Brady called the girl inside I went on toward the cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from the Gully." "Did he know you, Ellen?" " Yes, at once, and asked me if you were alive yet. He is coming to see you about some dream." "Aye? he was always a soft fool, but an open-handed one; too, so he's welcome." "If Idon't mistake, that's he coming up the hill now, mother," said the woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing up the steep path, Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to see once again thu fortune.teller of Idount Roban, whom he had more than once consulted in the years gone by; for Tady was one of those not unusual characters in whom are combined deep re ligious convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exercised on account of. a strange dream he had had a few nights preoious. "How Mr. Leonard would laugh at me," he was muttering to himself in gasps, as the steepness of the hill tried his lungs severely; "he don't believe in fortuno-tellers or witches, or anything, but secin's believin', an' well I know Nan is a witch it there was ever one in this world," WYhen he reached the hut there was no'one in front of it, and the door was shut. He knocked a low, respectful knock, and nearly jumped out of his skin as he was bidden by name to enter, o n by "Come in. Tady Gonnor." "What am I frightened of 7" he reasoned with himself as he lifted the latch and pushed open the door. "Of course Ellen has come back and tould her she seen me." When he entered the low, dim room, with the clay floor and thesmoke-blackened rafters, he saw that there was a small fire on the hearth, but no one beside it, and then he turned at a sound that made him shiver to see Nan Grifllths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black caat t her feet. It was the oat's unearthly " me-a-wl " that had made Tady shudder from head to foot. " Welcome, Tady Connor," said the bag, as she advanced and stood before him, her skinny hand grasping the stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. "The seas have rolled between us for long years and now they have brought you back again." "They have, ma'am," said Tady,as he made a respeotful scrape with his right foot; and I'm glad to see they have left you look ing so hearty." " Time makes no odds to me,' she said, as she drew a seat to the table and sat down, while she pointed to another for her visitor. " I'll live until a man dies, and than my work is done. Sit down." Tady would, have liked to ask.her whose death was to precede her own, but he dare'nt; and waited humbly for the hag to spieak ngain," "You want to consult me?" he asked, as she .put her shrivelled face so near to him that the fiery, little .eyes so far back in her head seemed to burn him. Speak ont what it is while the humor's on me." ."It's a:dramoa I had, Mrs. Grifllths-a. drama that's troublin' me intirely; ah' know n' well how knowledgeable you. alwayswor, I kem to ax you about it." "All right," ,ihe replied, as she drew toward her with a skinny paw the coin Tady a maid near her on the table. "Skull; fetoh th master's books."'".= - "The latter command'was'addressed to th blaalk cat, who instantly entered thoint chamber and almost iastantl' retu'rned wit a little bag in his mouth, whzlh he deposits on his mistroesa's' lap, taking the oaportunit of his: vicinity to theo.terrified Iri ihoan spit ainl"'!wa-ow" violously in hig face. .1 "Down, BSknull," cried Nan to the cat s;he o:pined the bag and drew a packof diy oards from it., ! Now, Connor, toll me r dream." "It's twiice inow I've drained it," he id turning his face away from the oat, who til glared at'him. "I thought, do you see, tht I was down in the old shaft at work, andthi with every spade I dug I turned up thhead of a man. I thought that I always apetd a lamp of gold, and saw it shinin' as I urned the shovel, but whin it come up it was elways the same man's face wid blood on it."/ . "Did you know the face ?" asked Ilie:hag solemnly. .' ' - "Yes, I did. : .. .I "Whose was it?" . / "It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." " SBomething is going-' to happen Tady: Conner I "she said, almost 'repeatiug. the wordsi she had used to her daughter. ".The dream was always the-same?" ' " Always, ma'am." -. i: With'her jaws maihching and mainblieg horribly the fortunrie.teller spread.thescards before her, and with such a keenanxiety in her own .repellant. 'and withered frc; that it was evident she possessed some belef in the art she practised.' Unoonsciously to himself, the little Irishman had uttered the ine name in the whole world that had powerto excite her worsb passions, for-there are fa worse passiona than the reigning bne of Nan Griftith's, which was cupidity. . "What man is plotting against yo ?" shoe asked him suddenly;, as he anxiorsly watched her face while she scanned the caids. "You have been speaking -to him lately thoaughyou have not touahed his hand-who isit?" and she turned her eyes keenly upon Tady's face. "I don't know, Mrs. Grifliths. I haven't spoke to a soul to:day.ht my yoang melter, ide. Leonard 'rosser, and I'm sure he'd.plot nothing agin his fosterer." . "You spoke to no one else?--mind ?wiat yoe say, Tady Oonnoie."!. "Be this an' he that I" asseverated Tafy; and then he all at once stopped, and with a gesp ejaculated 'almost' in a :whiepir, "Sine et wouldn't be Father'James I " "Who is Father James ?" Nan '?sked 's?s:' piciously, " and what 'right" have'you to be tnlking of clergymen here? Why, the~evry eat knows you have named one--look ?at him in hml" ' In 'fat tho blauk eat had turna 1towoad the terrified Tady, and with every: hair oa end was me.a-wing and spitting at him. : "Spake to him l quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Grillith'e I sure I meanit no harm, and' at any rate Father James isn't a priest at all sein' he isn't in orthers now; he's the gentle. man that has rented St. Herick's an' is livin! there wid his family." .~ A"' "udden remembrance of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady mnade the old.hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and she resumed tho read ing of the cards she had laid down.: : "I can tell you nothing about yotir dream until you dream it once more," she said," buat beware of a dark man that is plotting against your very life." o wl L rs " J "' How will I find ont who':he is?" asked Tady, anxiously. " Throngh a girl," replied Nan; " a young girl with'dark hair t atin lovwiwith you." '"With me? It'o'jokiin'yon are, ma'm." :Don't I look like a woman to joke?" was the angry retort. "There's a girl in love with'~you, and you'll see her this very day, for sho's waiting and watching for you at this moinent; and now go, for I can tell you no more at piasent. When you dream the third time come to me again." Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of the hut. His super etitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, al. though partly overcome by the wonderfully good news she had told him, were yet quite sallnient to render his escape into the pure air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he hstened down its side to be at leisure to think over his unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last I Ithink Ihave told you that Tady Connor had num bered some thirty-five years, and during many lustres of those years it had been his hard fate to have been hopelessly over head and ears in love very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but those of the maidens who' scorned his turned-up nose, his crooked fin gers, and his red hair, were as hard as the nether millstone. In vain had he year after year pictured to himself some lovely inanorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Conner. One by onehis hopes had been: blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet hero was a young girl with dark hair in love with him-actually in love with'his very self, without being asked or even known at all I Delightful thought I but there was one drawback-he had a rival, for that was the decision Tady came to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to bo,plotting against him, and warned him against. "Of coorse it's some chap that she won't look at on account ot her love for me, 'the darlin'l" 'he soliloqulscd. 'I wonther who she is at all, at all? but, sure, I'llknow soon, for I'i to see her this very day," and poor' Tady, believing in Nan Grilithe with all his little heart; went down the hill rejoicing and looking all around him for a eight of the girl who at last had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man. •" Maybo she's behind some of the bushes or rooks watehin' me the crathor," he murmured with a fond smile, as he took off hie bat and arranged his red, stiff locks. "It's well Iput on me now coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always very particn lar," and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, as he gave the ad mired blue coat with the brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Herrick's on his way to the townebip-doubtless the cunning bag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another fact, the latter being that Nora Brady was again standing at the fence under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweet heart her brother had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at the expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for.tho op posite sox. She had seen Tady climbing up the hill, path, and now watched his return with a beating heart and a conscious emile on her coarse, rosy face. St. Herrick's had, as we know, an interest for Cpnnor that Nora did not gnes at, and for a momnent, as he passed it, he forgot the for tune teller's prediction and thought of the moudered man whom everyone had loved. In thevery middle of these sad thoughts, how eve, he heard a slight cough, and with a aud. deh return of his warm admiration of his un klown inamorato's taste, he stopped 'and tdrned in the direction of the "ahem." Had there been an observer of the meeting etween Nora and Tady he must certainly Ave' been an amused one. The girl was craning her neck over the fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form; when at her cough he turnoed suddenly and stopped, then she drew her bighead back and Tady struck an attitude, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-codnceit prevented her from:nobserving its true hature, but as it was she saw nothing save'unbounded admiration of her over decorated self, and was immensely delighted,so with the envious fence only be tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, underthe l thick trees that protruded their great branches over the .dilapidated fence. ... - ' Are you -Tady Connor ?" simpered silly Nora; as she, scanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon the grass.. 'I am, mavourneen, I am that happyman," cried Tady;. . - "What makes you so happy ?" ' Because at'last I see the beauty an' the darlin' of the wide world here forenint me this blessed day." "He-ho-he l" 'He-he-bhe wasni' munh, but,' with' the ao companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. " Arrah, don't be laughin' at me asthore; sure,' you'll brak my heart if you do I" And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to ,his' knees, and ventured nearer to the fence.;`-. "I'm-not laughing at you. 'How did you know I was here?'" Nora asked, as she .ar ranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had' arranged the tail of his coata little previously. "Nan toeld me agra, an' sureit'was meself. that a'moet flew down the hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but-he was wondering all' the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at once. "Isay, agra, who was it tould you me name?" z : "Cond did," and as Nora went on, he was muttering, almost audibly, " D- Conn, who over he is." - "But who is this Nan you are talking about? -Is she you're sister ?" "God forbid l', and Tady crossed himself devoutly, "arrahbno, asthore, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Boban these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller." The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated '"Tady's monkey-like face being protruded over the fence in dangerous proximity to that of the delighted Nora; who was, however, woman enough to affect a pru dery she was far from experiencing. " Go away with you--it's a shame for you, and if mother or Conn was to see you, both of 'us would be killed." ' S"Divila care I care I Who's Conn ?" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identifled:as a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry to vex' the mother ov me darlin' girl, but as for Conn-to the divil wid him, I'say I Who is he, at all, at all ?" " Conn ismy brother, didn'tyou know that? I've two brotheresyou know, Conn and James, Father James, they call him now." " Oh, Lord I is Father James a brother of yours? But afther- all, why should we be afraid of him or any one ? I'll keep company wid no dacent girl: exoept for dacency, and sure he could marry us if he was agreeable." " Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea -of this ardent wooing. ."'Tis early in the day to be talking of marry; ing when I've onlysoeen you a minute or two ago; and besides, James couldn't marry us, for he's not in,orders." ,.",1!Oh, I forgot, ho tould me so himself agra; but never mind, when we makeb up our minds we can ais find a priest to.tie us together for a happy life. Who's that 9" That was someone shouting shrilly " Nora I Nora 1" inthe direction of the house. "'!Tie me mother I I must go or she'll kill me." 'Stop one minnit ashtoro,, Whin'll I eee yoen agmn? Tell me 'quick now before you go.. Sure I'll be thinkin' it months till Ifsee your boweheful eyes an' your darlin' ,face again." . ' e. "I don't know, I'm often'here atlthe fence, and if 'you'll whistle I can come mostly any time in tho evenin'.", : " Oh, the lovely crathur I" murmured Tady, sache gripped the top rail of the fence and stared after the 'quiukly'retreating fgure of his fat inamorata. "Isn't she the darlin' of the world to take a fanoy to mne in this way, an' not a Bowl- to' care forime in this wide world but'Mr.' Leonard ?" anid the name re minded him that he had better not keep his young master ignorant;of his whereabouts, much longer, so he:tore himself away and; made for the township. ' O CHAPTER V. " TILE "DEAD S1A?'B CURSE. Lone cemotery of MIarranga, where the few dead sleep far from the world they may know no more, and where the rustle of the long grass over their neglected graves is rarely caused by a human footstep. Thero in the quiet nook on the hill-side may the bird rear her young in peace among the spreading trees of the old Bush Land, and the breeze whisper to dead cars unheard save by the young of the wallaby that sometimes venture to peeop from among the rocks that bound its fence. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater than that of darrango graveyard, where a dozen graves had sunk among the grass to sad neglect, and over only one had a name or a date been inscribed. And that one, on a head-stone of white' marble, stood out from its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps, to guard the last resting.place of a St. Herrick. That spot alone in the grass tangled enclosure was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in a desert of desola tion. The black letters on the pure surface of the head-stone had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yet plain enough to the eye had there been one in the vicinity to read it. But it was yet early in the morning, and the man who was slowly approaching it had not as yet reached the graveyard. Indeed he seemed in no haste, for he toiled up the slope as one afflioted with weakness, and when he had reached the gate, rested long on it, gazing toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard face under a slouched hat, and he wore a long, black semi. clerical coat. It was the new tenant of St. Herricks, the man known as Father James. Perhaps he did not mean to enter at all. He stood there so long, and so motionless that he might have been as dead as that man over whom the white stone stood, for all ap pearance of life that he exhibited. Magpies were stalking proudly in the grass, and greet. ing the early sun with their sweet gurgliog notes. The laughing jackass, perched upon thelimb of a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild chorus to some distant mate. The green paroquet fluttered and chattered among the branches, but that statue-like man did not seem to see them or hear anything until there was the sounds of voices behind him, and then he turned his head just a little way to see who were the unwelcome visitants to a spot he had believed too lone to bring a single human being to gaze upon his face. It was fair Resignation St. Herrick who came toward him, though he did not know it then, and beside her walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. Olose beside Resignation walked Guardian, her great dog, with his eyes closely and suspiciouely scan ning the stranger as the trio neared him. R esignation was attired as she had been when I first named her. A pale blue fleecy dress enveloped her slight figure, and from under her broad drooping hat her flossy fair -hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand she carried a little basket, the other was laid on the dog's great head, as the child noticed his uneasy movements. The boy's stodt, healthy figure was clad in a shirt of some light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fine dark eyes, and a handsome bright face, browned by the. sun, and ruddy with health.. "Hush, Guardian, you must not be rude to strangers," iResignation whispered in response to the dog'a subdued growl. "He will -not bite you, sir." Father James made no reply, and the chil drei passed him to enter the gate.. The lad went on without vonahsaving the man a second glance;butResignation pauecdwithher soft hand on the still open gate; 'Would you like to come in, air ? It is not private. Would you like to come in and see my dear father's grave ? ". "Your father's grave I Why shouldI want to see your father's grave, child?"; •The words were spoken so sharply that the child drew back a little; during all'Resigna tion's little life these were the first words- she had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, and she fixed'her large calm eyes upon theman in a sort of mild wonder as she replied, "I beg your pardon; I thought you were the gentleman who has taken the house where papa used to live, and that you might like to see his grave.!' " W" Who are you, child ?" he , asked in trembling tones, as his white' face seemed to yet blanch of a more ghastly pallor. "I am Resignation St. Herrick," she answered ; " my father was Colonel St. Herrick." - - - • "Stay, I will go with you," he murmered, as she was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle child waited gladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed her to pass him, and then followed her up the narrow pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If she could have known what was passing in that man's heart-if she .could have read his thoughts, hidden beneath that outward- calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick have done, or what would the poor fatherless child have said ? H? followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which the priest's eyes seemed fixed with such a stony glare that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the man's naked breast, his face could not have expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. To To TMi nEuoRu Or CoLoNEL Teiosoon-: ST. anICo, K, Foully murdered at Marranga; June 19th, 18- . Vengeance is MIne, I will repay, saith the-Lon,." The child saw that his eyes were tracing the words, and;waited silently and respect. fully until he turned his face. away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his back to the headstone. The boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed his teeth, though silently, doubtless from respect to hid'young mistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded the stranger with a yearning pity that her soft question explained. "Did you know my dear papa, sir?", and as a reply Father dames shook his bowed head,. "You have perhaps lost a dear father, too? but not in so sad and cruel a way as I lost mine. Oh it was cruel, cruel." "It was worse than creel; it was inhuman and cowardly l" cried the lad, striking the trowel' on the grass he was kneeling on for emphasis ; "and if I was a man and met him I would kill him as I would a snake." " Who are you ?" asked the- priest, suddenly as he- turned his face toward the vehement speaker. "Me? My name is Daniel." "And Daniel is my friend," explained -Resignation eagerly. "He has always helped meto keep apa's grave nice, and when he is a man he ts going to find papa's 'murderer and get him punished." She said the last words in a low, emphatic whisper, looking round her as -if fearful of being overheard as in a matterof the most secret consequence. "Yes, I shall find him," Deniel deolared, proudly. " Old Nan wants to make a police man of me to run the villain down; but I shall find him without being a trap. He may hide himself anywhere, but I shall find him, for it is fated that myhand shall put the rope about his neck." "How do you know ?" asked the white faced priest almost in a whisper, "Boecause granny has said so, and'she is a reader of the stars--they cannot lie, you know, and besides I feel that I shall know Dan Lyons by instinot it ev~r the villain comes near me." - '" Was Dan Lyons the name of the man who--" and he nodded toward the head. atone, though he 'did not turn. hia eyes Ito. wa'd it • "Yes, didn't you know?" Resignation asked wonderingly. "He was poor papa's mate in the claim, you know. It doesn't tell about it there "-and she pointed to the stone-" but mama has .told me all about it over and over again. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive-papa wrote about it in his note book while he was dying, and mama has the note book yet. Just fancy what it must have been to be crushed down in the dark ground alive, but emothering, and thinking of mama end me all the time l Oh, poor ppaal But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him, for he was going to heaven, but the murderer can never, never go there." " Are you sure of that ?" How eagerly the question was asked I with what trembling lips and craving eyes I " Of course he can't I" cried Daniel; " he must go among the devils, for he was one of them I he was no man I didn't he bury the Colonel alive and stand looking at him and taunting him while he was dying ?" Only a devil could do that I " "Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent," cesignation said doubtfully ; " if he Is sorry and asks God for Christ's sake, He may for. give him alter a great while." "Never I all the sorrow in the world wouldn't undo his sin or make a dead man live again I Besides, if he was sorry he would have stood out before the world and confessed his crime I " From one to the other of the abildrens' faces Father James gazed eagerly. What could he be looking for? In Dan's eyes he saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's mercy was contend ing with her righteous abhorrence of the man whose crime had made her fatherless. "It was cruel," she repeated, as she patted the mould around some plant on the grave beside which she now knelt softly, "and if it was not my poor papa' he had killed, I might be sorry. for that bad man, hut it is hardly natural for me to be sorry for him." "Sorry for him ? I wish I was old enough and-and I'd- " "Vengeance is mine," repeated Rtesigna. tion from the stone; "mama says that as surely as God's eon shines in:the sky God's vengeance will overtake Dan Lyons, the mur derer." . Still from one young face to: another the man looked voicelessly, the: ehildren ;now tending the flowers on the grave and not re. garding him, b't each engaged 'with their own thoughts.' At' last the man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had shaken' him with its last throb, and he spoke to the boy. 'Did you say your name'wan Dan? ' . "Yes, I wish it wasn't I why did they call me the same name as that murdering wretch? I won't have it l " " I never. call you Dan," said Resignation softly; "Danieltis a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man." "Your. nameois Dan? " pereisted the traoger; '!Dan what ? o ? + ' " My name' is Daniel Grilfiths if you want to know," the boy replied defiantly, for he re sented the priest's insisting on calling him Dan. "What istyour mother's name?" - " Ellen 'EUlle Grrlmthai, she is old Nan Grifiths' daughter." (Tobe cantined.) 