NEEDLES "Short, sharp, shiny." Tin, £79. Smallpox. Two fresh cases. Fire at Auckland. Orroroo show a success. Chinese cooks in request. A nice little speech, Ben. Lord Wolseley at Assonan. Broad grins at the Academy. Slocum's dog is not registered. Command night at the Royal. Shipping on fire on the Volga. Admiral Courbet holds Kelung. Squatters, farmers, or the State? M.M. Sydney left Suez, outwards. Officers of the Protector banqueted. British expedition against the Boers. Duke of Richmond disobeys his Queen. Last appearance of Slocum's dog to-night. Renewed outbreak of smallpox in Mel- bourne. Lord Salisbury received with enthusiasm in Glasgow. Victorian 6 per cent. railway loan re- deemed. Last night but one of Marie Antoinette at Theatre Royal. Mr. Fox, M,P., believes in the mineral re- sources of the colony. The Father Rector of Sevenhills College welcomes the Governor. Meeting of the Adelaide Hunt Club at Globe Hotel this afternoon. Mount Barkerites congregate to-night on the colonial industry question. New South Wales new loan quoted on 'change at 1½ per cent. premium. Mr. Hugh Conway has taken in hand a ghost story for Harper's Christmas number. Distinguished visitors at a Rundle-street coffee shop—"Lord" Neville and the "Duke of Manchester." Lord Lytton has written a new poetical drama, which is likely to be produced in London during the coming winter. M. Nittis, the French painter of scenes in fashionable life, has died almost suddenly in Paris, at the age of thirty-nine. Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell (Miss E. M. Brad- don) have taken up their residence in a pic- turesque red brick mansion they have built at Lyndhurst, in the New Forest. Intelligence has been received at Suakim from Jeddah that the French vice- consul has been killed by Bedouins in the interior of Arabia while returning from Rabouk to Nedjd. At the grand American Exhibition to be held in London in 1886 the principal phases cf American life will be represented, from a broker's office in Wall- street to the camp fires of Nevada. The French mail steamer from Oran put into Almeria on August 22 in consequence of a fire which had broken out on board her. She sank in port. Her crew and passengers were saved. Evidence of the depression of the Indian trade is afforded by the traffic returns of the East Indian railway, which up to now show a decrease of thirty- nine lakhs compared with the corresponding period last year. The death is announced of Professor Armtz, of the University of Brussels, and an old and respected member of the Brussels bar. He took part in the congresses of the Institute of International Law, and was at Oxford in 1880. News from Odessa states that the daughter of a merchant named Kalinshnaja presented herself at the house of Colonel Katansky, of the gendarmerie, and fired at him with a re- volver. The shot missed, and the girl was arrested. A fleet of steamers running to and from the fishing grounds in the German Ocean in con- nection with the Yarmouth Steam Carrying Company is now bringing fish direct from the smacks to London, and doing a remark ably brisk business. One day last August the Buck Ridge coal mine at Shamohin, Pennsylvania, caught fire, and while the workmen were boring a hole from an adjacent mine into the burning shaft to extinguish the fire an escape of gas took place, killing seven men. Proceedings have been commenced by the Spanish authorities against the Globo, the organ of Senor Castelar, and an edition of the paper has been seized in consequence of the publication of an article supposed to contain attacks against public institutions. Mr. Du Marler is designing a frontispiece for Mr. F. Anstey's batch of stories, "The Black Poodle," &c.; At the same time Mr. Anstey is busy with a series of initial letters that are to come as "artistic expressions" to each of the opening chapters of the stories. The King of Bulgaria has added another to his numerous mountain castles, having acquired by purchase the ruins of Castle Falkenstein, on the top of a high bluff near Tyrolese frontier. Hundreds of men are already at work cutting a roadway to the new eyrie. The imports of cotton into Spain during the year 1S882 amounted to 101,800,000 pounds. The annual increase in the consumption of cotton in Spain as a basis on which to form an estimate of the present consumption, would give an import of 105,600,000 pounds for the present year. In acknowledgement of the attention shown to the shipwrecked crew of the British barque Punjaub on the occasion of the stranding of that vessel at Tangier on December 19, 1883, Her Majesty's Government have awarded pieces of plate to Dr. José Balboa and Chevalier Dr. Schmidt. The trade of England with China, includ- ing Hongkong, aggregated nearly twenty mil- lion pounds last year, and if the trade of English dependencies in the East be added to this total, it will be found that we have in our hands nearly three-fourths of the total foreign commerce of the Chinese empire. The Haverly Minstrels at Drury Lane have shut up shop, and now talk of doing a pro- vincial tour. On dit that their season at the national theatre has been anything but a profitable one. The weather has been against them, and further it may be said that the public have had something too much of the nigger business. Mr. Leslie Stephen has sent to the printer the first section of his "Dictionary of National Biography." It is anticipated that this work will be completed in about fifty sections, at about half a guinea each, and it is, we understand, proposed to issue at least one volume each quarter, the first appearing early this month. News from Mozambique states:—"There is a general rising of the natives on the Zam- bezi, and a Portnguese force has been attacked and totally defeated, all being killed or wounded. Reinforcements have been applied for from Europe. Mr. O'Neil, the British vice-consul, is missing. When last heard of he was on his way from Blantyre,." News from Lima states that a report is current that General Caceres, who lately pro- claimed himself President of Peru in opposi- tion to General Iglesias, has entered Arequipa and Mollendo at the head of a body of troops. The local press is subjected to a rigid censor- ship by the Government, and little is known of what is going on outside the capital. The United States steamer Tallaposa, while on her way to Newport to take on board Secretary Chandler, was sunk by a collision with a schooner near Cottage City, Massachu- setts, on August 21. The officers and men were taken off by a passing.steamer, except two men who are missing. The vessel had her side crashed in, and sank in ten minutes. The Belgian imports of iron and steel during the first six months of this year amounted to 90,186 tons, against 104,579 tons and 1044,068 tons in the corresponding half years of 1883 and 1882. The exports for the first half of this year were 196,749 tons, against 210,053 tons and 180,781 tons in the corresponding periods of 1883 and 1882. The latest novelty in the show business is an exhibition of noses, which has recently been held in Austria. Eighty persons com- peted for the prize offered for the most ex- traordinary nasal protuberance in form, size, and color. It was awarded to a competitor from Vienna, who is the possessor of what is said to he a gigantic nose of deep violet blue. The proposal of Mr. Luis Jackson, of Chichago, to erect a smokers' monument to Sir Walter Raleigh on Roanoke Island, N.C., is now assuming practical shape. A national committee is being formed, which will take charge of contributions subscribed by the smokers from all parts of the world. Roanoke Island, North Carolina, is the place whence Sir Walter Raleigh introduced tobacco to the civilised world in 1585. A great match was being played between two famous professors of billiards, and the incidents of the contest excited the liveliest interest of the spectators, one of whom, the better to watch the execution of an extremely difficult stroke, imprudently leaned forward from his seat a little too far, and received from the butt of the player's one so smart a blow upon the nose as to.make it bleed. "Never mind, sir," said the professor gra- ciously, "I counted all the same." 