ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The monthly mooting of the board of directora of the Zoological Society of Now South Wales waa hold In tho society's room ac Moore Park yesterday afternoon. Br. GoorgeBonnett occupied tho chair, and thara were present Messrs. W. Bradley, W. Beaumont, D. Holborow, A. Uuronurt, C. C. Skarratt, C. Moore, and the secretary (Mr. W. H. Catlett). Tho inimités of tho .'previous meeting hav- ing been read und oontirmod, the secretary read the follow in ir report :-" Sitico the last monthly meeting the sum of £877 ls. 10.1. had boen paid into the'Bank of Australasia to tho credit of the society by the Colonial Treasurer, beiag the Government subsidy in aid of the society of £ for £. A fina young brown einnamon hear and a Californian fox had recently been presented to the society hy Captain Chest, of tho B.s. Australia. The socioty, in return for these animals, had given Captain Gbest a piir of black swnns.one pair of emus, ana a youmr kaugaioo. . From a letter which appeared in tho Sydney Morning Jieraltl on Saturday last front Mr. Franklin to Mr. Cumming, the Secretory of the Calcutta Exhibition Commission, it appears thut tho super- intendent of tao Zoological GardeuB, Calcutta, is willing tu givo thia oniony tho fullowine anímala :-One tigsr, ono leopard, one hyena, one natelopo, and à vurioly of deer, and he requests Mr. Cumming ' to wiro to him if these aro acceptable nB a presentation, and advise nnything by letter thattnay ba offered in exc.ninge.' Ymir secretary has there- fore written tb Mr. Cumming authorising that guutlomau to inform tho Calcutta Kxhibitii.n Commission that this society will be only too glad to huvo the animals, and th it they "ara willing to pay the freight und to givo to the Caicuttu Zoological Guidons in return-one kangaroo, ono pair of black swans, ono cassowary, on« pair of emin, and a native companion. Tho secretary tnlces thia opportunity of again reminding country members that donations of kangaroos, wallabies, native companions, jubaroos, brush turkey«, kine or other parrots, and cocka- toos, or any other birds would bo vary valuable for exchange with other zoological gardens. A oirculir walk covered with tan hus boen undo for the elephants toprouienadoupon, and in the centre a «ub<timtial swing hus baan erected for the amusement: of children. The banks of the inland have boen repaited and re- turfed where tho aquatic birds had destroyed it. Tan ia also boina: «prend over tho walk« round the lake to envor the broken glass lind criiolcury which tho ground, from having been iilled np with city rubbish, ia full of. Tho olcpijHtit shed i? beim.- puiut.-ii, tho monkey house is nearly finished, uud the entrance-irate oppo- site tho tramway has been ballasted with sandstone. Tho following donation» havo boou recoived since the laat meeting, viz. :-Uno echidna, from Mr. J. B. Watorhou.se, Ktunmore ; ono ochidna from Mr. Edward Fairfax ; nino wonga wonga pigeons from Mr. R. S. Mort, of Bodalla ; two white rats from Mr. Gould, of Balmain; ono opossum from Miss Shipway, No. 32, Gleu moro-road ; one wallaby from Mr. J. Livingston ; ono nativo do;.-, from Mr. H. H. Millor ; ono butcher bird, from Master Frank Nowton ; two opossums, from Mr. Wm. Hogan, ol' Cangon ; one young brown oiiinniiiou bear, and ono"Californian fox, irom Captain Ghost, s.e. Australia ; o:n p!.tty,iiiH, from Mr. C- ll. Kitzhariimg«, of ! niblin ; uro nuire cut, from Mr .1. Fowler, nf Penrith: .<:i.> opossum, from Master W. T. S. Ives, of BIIUI'R j Point; two black and whi'n nativo oils and a kan- garoo rat, fr.rni Mr. D. King, of Kiama; ono pair of emus, from- Mr. Wm. Newton, Glebe Point; one young wallaby, frotn MruRobert II. Ferguson, Scone ; ono blue-touguod lizard, from Mr. John Bourke ; and ono largo monkey, from Mr. G. Wolff, of 26, Manan- streot, Redfern." Some correspondence of an unimportant oba ractor was read. Th's concluded tho busiuoss, and the meotiji2 terminait 