(Ehiltottg Coltrrnir. SIR GILBERT'S CHILDREN. I. CHAPTER IL BY THE LATE MRS. HARRIET MILLER DAVIDSON. Marjie ran lightly down the wide staircase, skilfully balancing a cup of tea in one hand, and singing an old Jacobite song at the top of her clear voice. She did not notice that a fat little figure, with long yellow curls which shone in the light of the ball lamp,, stole Blvly after her, an 1 that when, after knocking at the dcor of her mother's dressing-room, she entered, Gill too crept in, and ensconced himself under a table. On the sofa lay Lady Munro in her dressing gown, sleeping peacefully, and all unconscious of the near approach of 6 o'clock, and of the fact that she had to dress and drive three miles into Edina to a dinner party before half-past seven. Maijie woke her mother with a kiss, an*! she started up with a frightened demand to know what o'clock it was. "Notsixyet, mother dear, "answered Maijie, laughing. " You have plenty of time, ana I am going to make you eo pretty that papa will not have the least heart to scold yon, even if you should make him wait for ten minutes. So Baying she proceeded to light the candles on tne mantelshelf and on the dressing table, and by their light she caught sight of a gleam of golden -curls under asidetable and a pair of bright-blue eyes peeping slyly out. "How did he get here?" she Whispered to her mother. "I left him in the nursery; you know he never can resist coming to see yon dressed." "Leave him alone, poor little fellow," whispered his mother, with a feeling of tenderness for her " baby." " We can pretend not to know that he is there. It is so funny to see see him creep up a little nearer ana nearer, till at last I feel him touching my hand. Lady Munro was one of those women about whose beauty there was no possible doubt. She never had to look in tne glass, as less fortunate people sometimes do, and wonder whether she was really pretty, or whether her ever thinking so had only been a delusion. On the contrary, the reflection of that lovely face never met her gaze without calling to her lips a smile of genuine, childlike, innocent pleasure at the mere sight of anything so beautiful. Hers had been a very happy life, though she had not escaped, of coarse, the trials and anxieties common to all humanity. But Bhe always had that greatest of all consolations to a woman, the consciousnets of being well beloved. Her husband adored, her children worshipped her. She was not so clever as her husband or children, but she had one of those sweet, sunny tempersthat are a delight to live with; and then they all delighted in her beauty as in something perfect and exquisite which had been given to them for their enjoyment. She seated herself before the tall mirror, and Marjie loosened the great coils of yellow hair and let them glide through her fingers^ with the greatest enjoyment. Her own face looked very small and dark and pale beside the roses and lilies of her mother's complexion, but no thought of envy or discontent entered the girl's heart. "Was your father upstairs with you tonight?" asked Lady Munro, as Marjie's industrious fingers plaited the long shining strands of hair. " "Ses, mother; and he was telling us," shewent on, stopping to imprint a kiss on the. back of the white neck, "how good and patient you had been with him all the time you were both young and poor." "I do not not know chat he needed patience so much," said Lady Munro, dreamily gazing into the glass. " He was always so good to me and so fond of me; and I always believed in him, I was never very clever," she said modestly, "but I was always quite clever enough to know that Qilbert was the greatest man I had ever met." " But, mother, dear, to have faith in any one is to help hun more than you could do in any other possible way." " Yes, I had faith in him. Even when we two came alone to Edinaj and we lived together in a' tiny attic, and he wrote all day and half the night, 1 knew that some day, before very long, people would know what a grand mind he had." " And you are rewarded, mother." " I am rewarded," she answered, smiling, as she glanced round the charming little i dressing-room. " But, Marjie," she went on 1 more seriously, " do not think that his success was everything to me. It has been a great deal, but not everything. If he had Failed—as some really great men do fail—if i we had been poor and struggling till we died —I would have loved and believed in him , stilL" | "Iwonder," said Maijie, thoughtfully,.as : she fastened the last plait into a shniig coronal on her mothers head, "if really great men ever do fail. The greatest, yon I know. Do you not think that failure implies j some flaw, Bome want?" | What Lady Munro would have answered to this rather abstruse question I do not , know, for at this moment she felt the pressure of a small head against ber knee, and looking down had a vision of Gill's yellow curls, just ; a Bhade lighter than her own,_ and of his big , blue eyes gazing adoringly up into her face. " Oh, GUI, Gill!" she said, while Marjie | and she laughed heartily, "what a coaxing : little fellow you are. You know quite well that we have not the heart to turn you out I after you have once got in. Now, what do ! you want ? ' "Just to look at oo!" said Gill, boldly, and Lady Munro laughed and blushed a3 if some one besides her youDgest born had been complimenting her. Presentlv Marjie fetched a dress of the softest violet velvet from the wardrobe, finished at the throat and wrists with old, creamy lace. Then she clasped a collar of gold, set with rare stones, round her mother's reck—stones which had been sent for to Brazil, and sought with care and pains by an old friend of Sir Gilbert's. Lady Munro's 1 name was Hyacinth, and those little-known stones, bright as diamonds, but of the rarest, loveliest co'our, were called " Hyacinths." Just as the toilet was completed, and Marjie ^^ped back to contemplate her work with much satisfaction, Sir Gilbert's head was pat in at the door, and his voice was heard say- »ngj "Ten minutes to 7, and the carriage waits." " She is qaite ready," said Maijie, triumphantly, and her father came in, looking for the warmest shawls he conld find. "It is going to be such a wild night," he said, "that if it were not for disappointing our friends I should Bay that the wisest thing we could do Would be to stop at home. Wrap up warmly, wife j you have no idea how the wind is blowing." "Pretty, pretty mother," said Gill, who was still seated on the floor, in an audible soliloquy. Sir Gilbert caught him up and kissed tnm, laughine quietly to himself. * This is the most sensible child in existence," he Mid. " He has a vast fund of undeveloped grams in his fat little person." Dick and Molly were in the hall when the Others descended, and as Dick opened the door a great gUBt of wind and rain swept in Which made Lady Monro shiver. "Good tti^ht, dears," she said as she went out. " I quite envy you for going back to your warm nursery." But no such tame conclusion to the evemng was contemplated by Master Dick, for after they had watched the carriage drive away he boldly announced, "I am going to my cave to roast potatoes for supper. Who is coming alongr^ . ,, .. , " Oh, Dick," remonstrated Maqie, who was Supposed to be left in charge on those occasions, " it is too wild and too wet. "Not a bit I" said Dick, sturdily. /'Why, when I've lighted the fire ill the cave it is as warm — as warm as anything. You .wait here for half an hour, and then come; Til be ready for you.' And he plunged out, hatless as he was, Into the ram and wind and darkness. J£aijie and Molly looked at one another, shivering, but as Dick ruled them both with a rod of iron they did not think of disputing bis commands, but commenced a search for plaids and rags. Dick's " cave" was simply a large hole dug out In the earth, after the fashion of certain savage tribes of whom he had been reading. It was one of Dick's peculiarities that what interested him in his reading always reappeared, with necessary modifications, in his daily life. After perusing a book on Mexico, where in certain swampy regions houses are erected on piles to be out of the reach of reptiles, he had built a house in the spreading branches of a large tree, and had been the cause of many disasters to Molly's skirts, obtained in her efforts to climb into it. And now the idea of subterraneous dwellings had been suggested to him by another book, and the " cave" was the result.^ Marjie had, indeed, as nearly offended him as it was possible to do, by exclaiming on her first view of it, " Ohj Dick, it is exactly like a grave /"—which, indeed, it was. Into this cave the girls rushed through wind and rain, .and arrived breathless and panting, to find Dick seated comfortably before a large fire, which roared up the earthen chimney and cast a red glow from the top over the woody hollow in the garden where it was, and the trees that rattled their wet branches over head. He was roasting potatoes, and was too much absorbed to do more than say quietly, " What muffs you are!" as the girls unrolled themselves from their wet plaids. But he had putMaijie's stool in the warmest corner, and presently, when little Gill's face appeared at the opening, though he was chidden for not going to bed, he crept in all the same, and nestled down on Maqie's knee, with his golden curls on her shoulder and his great lovely eyes staring contentedly into the fire. P i"Now let us tell ghost stories," said Dick, as he turned the potatoes. "Go on, Marjie. You alwajB know lots. Something nice and creepy. Something that will make our blood curdle." „ " I'm afraid, I don't know any more, said Marjie doubtfully, modest, as true genius always is, about her own powers. "I have told you so many." "Nonsense," answered Dick promptly. " Make one, if you don't remember any." " Not too horrible," pleaded Molly, shivering. "The wind howls so, and last time GUI was so frightened, Nursie said she could not go to sleep all night for his moaning and starting so." "I likes being frightened," remarked Gill, philosophically, turning his eyes for a moment from tbe fire to Maijie's face. Marjie bent down her head and hid her eyes for two or three minutes on Gill's curls. Then she looked up, smiling. " I remember something grannie told me once. It isn't very horrible, and it doesn't end very satisfactorily, but it is true." "Once, when grannie was a young girl, she was invited to spend a few days with some relations in the country. She described the house very vividly to me—vou remember how well grannie used to describe things Dick?" Dick nodded gravely. Two years ago grannie had died, and the children had loved her. " It was a country house, standing in the middle of fields in a very lonely place. There were woods and bills about it, but it struck grannie as dreary and dismal, and she began to wish almost from the moment of her arrival that her visit was over. Part of the house was really an old border tower, with the more modern building attached to it; the upper part of this house was rather ruinous, but tbe lcwer part of it was habitable. Imagine grannie's dismay, when she found that her bedroom was on one of the lower stories of the old tower, quite away from the rest of the family." "How jolly!" said Dick. Perhaps you would have thought it jolly. "She didn't. Her relations, they were an uncle and aunt I think, were very quiet, religious sortof people. They went out very little, and such a thing as a playing card had never ibeenseen in the house.' They thought all such amusements as cards and dancing dreadful. Well, grannie spent a very quiet evening; they had family prayers, and then she was shown to her room. Hers, as she described it, was . an inner room; you had to pass through a large chamber to get to it. She noticed by the light of the candle which the servant carried that in this outer room there Was some curious old furniture, and that two or three small tables were pushed against the walL Presently the servant bade her good night, and left her, Her bedroom was quite comfortable, though everything in it was oldfashioned, and when she had shut the door and began to undress the nervouB feeling she had been sensible of, went oft. She got into bed, put the light out, and, being tired after her journey, she fell fast asleep. By and by she woke cp, quite suddenly, broaa awake, as she does sometimes, you know." "I know," said Dick, who was becoming Interested. "Goon." " Asshelay, quite wideawake and listening, she heard a curious sound. At first she did not quite recognise it, but presently she knew well enough what it was. It was the sound made by a party of people playing cards. It was perfectly distinct, ana proceeded from the outer chamber. She could hear the cards being dealt and shuffled, and then the regular drop, drop, on the table, till the hand was played out. Then the Bhuffiing and dealing over again. She was not frightened at first: she lay and speculated about what it could mean. She pictured her serious-minded uncle and aunt repairing to this old room at midnight to have a surreptitious game of cards, which it was against their principles to enjoy during the day, and she smiled to herself at the absurdity of the thought. Finally she got out of bed and went silently across the room with her bare feet, and opening the door softly she looked oat. Darkness there, and nothing more." "Oh, I say!" exclaimed Dick, whose eyes were very wide open. "Anything more?' asked Molly, rather faintly. '.Well, the noise stopped—stopped all in an instant, just as if the ghostly players had been startled at their game, and were waiting nil she went to begin again. She did feel frightened then, and crept back shivering to Deo. Ihen it went on, and she lay and listened-^-cuttmg, dealing, playing, over and over again, till at laat she fell asleep, and when she woke it was morning. During the Say she forgot about it a little, but when night came she felt nervous about going to iter room, though she was ashamed to ask to toe put to sleep somewhere else. It wae the game thing all over again! She fell asleep, and woke up in the same sudden way, and there was that dreadful ghoBtly game of cards going on just in the same way. Only this night sne did not rise and look out. In the morning she looked so pale and ill that they asked her what the matter was. She only said that she felt ill, and begged to be sent home." "And did they send her?" asked Molly. • They sent her." And did Bhe never find out what it meant?' asked Dick, who had an undefined feeling of having been defrauded of a couple pi murders at least. "No,,never. I told you the story did not end satisfactorily, if ft was a ghost, it was only the ghost of a game." "Ithink it was quite creepy enough." said MoUy, shivering again. "It was most likely rats," said Dick, reflectively. "Oh, it might have been twenty things," answered Maijie, lightly. "Ivy, perhaps, tapping against a pane. The curious thing was the regularity of it, and her seeming to recognise the sound at once.' 1 " The potatoes are ready," announced Dick 6t this juncture. Now, potatoes, to be fully enjoyed, must be eaten under just such circumstances. The Bight should be wet and windy, the cave or hut, or other abnormal dwelling, should be warm and snug; the fire should be a red find glowing bed of ashes; above all, the enters should be young, and possessed of healthy appetites. The children were in the full enjoyment of their feast when a head was thrust in at the door, enveloped in a shawl, under which the borders of a white cap were visible. A solemn voice gave utterance to these words— Weel—I never did !" " Shut UD, Nancy," Dick said, coolly. "An' there's Maister Gill should be m his bed this hoor, an' me hunting everywhere for him high and low. I would hae thocht ye wad hae had mair sense, Miss Marjie, than to bring the bairn oot on siccan a nicht, an' the wind risin' every minute." 4 'He is quite comfortable, ! think, Nursie, answered Marjie, with a smile, looking down at the rosy face pillowed on her shoulder. "Come in and have a potato, Nancy," said Dick. And Nancy, who it was well known could never refuse Dick anything, suffered herself to be beguiled into the cave, accepted a stool and a potato graciously. " Siccan a night," she repeated, as a wilder blast shook the trees overhead. "Oh, to think of the puir folks at sea." " You have a brother a sailor, have you not?' said Dick, artfully, well knowing what was likely to follow. They all gathered nearer to the fire, while Nancy told one sea story after another in her racy Scotch, until at last little Gill was discovered to be sound asleep on Maijie's knee, and had to be warmly wrapped in plaids and carried back to the house, where the others Boon followed, struggling through rain and wind, which, as Nancy had said, was rising everjrminute. " We have had a nice evening," said Marjie, reflectively, when the girls got to their own room. " Quite as nice as papa and mother, 1 daresay." " A thousand times nicer!" said Molly, who despised dinner parties with the strength of mind natural to eleven years old. 