MONSIEUR MICHAUD'SFIANCEE Monsieur Michaud lived in Paris. Not the Paris known to rich English and Americans who drive up the Champs Elveees and ride in the Bois de Bon- ' . f rneianrant anil 1 logne, dine at a — - tale their care noir at the Palais Royal. Quite another kind of Paris, which foreigners know nothing of, and where the real heart of middle-clasB life pal pitates and struggles, trying to work it self into a state of calm prosperity, throngh bye-ways never suspected by strangers who do not cross the Seine to plunge into a narrow street nearly parallel with the Rue de Bac. Only in Paris would there be men like Monsieur Michaud to be found. He was a bachelor, verging towards the far side of middle age, very ugly, and living alone in a small apartment in a tall, narrow house, with a spiral staircase. Madame Joliet, who lived just one stage above M. Michaud, came and attended to his menage, and smiled as women will smile at bachelor eccentricities, chatting to him meanwhile, poor soul, auout ine i hardship of life and the difficulty of getting enough money for herself and I Georgette. Monsieur Michaud alwaye I listened good-naturedly, paid regularly J for her labour, and was delighted when j the door shut behind madame again, and I he murmured, contentedly : I 'Ah, del! quelle s sont bavardes, ces I frames. Rot that her Georgette is like I her in that, or I should hear her. No, Georgette is not like the other woman's daughter below. What a chattering magpie, a brainless piece of goods, site is.' It mast not be thought that M. Michaud did not possess the character istic French politeness. On the contrary, he was eery polite, and to her face the 'woman below ' was madame ; bat when alone he consoled himBelf with un adorned truth. Georgette worked at something ; all the demoiselles in this house did, except the one who occupied the rez de cltaussee, and she turned up her nose at the others as they daily descended the corkscrew staircase and hurried away to various shops, or places where francs were to be made by very patient toiL Georgette was one of these ; and every morning her light step could be heard just touching each stair with the gentlest footfall, and yet with a certain decision of character. But her face had some thing more than character in it. It was eyes, which now and then seemed to sparkle ; but only on occasions when she lelt great joy or sorrow. A low, broad forehead, delicate Soman nose, and a mouth with so much and snch varying expression, that description is impossible. Looking at Georgette, one instinctively coiled up her hair over a cushion, powdered it, gave her a fichn a-la-Marie Antoinette, and fancied her going to the scaffold with raised head and half pathetic, half scornful expression. This was purely imaginative ; nothing so tragical ever befell Georgette. Her hair was just brushed off her delicate temples, and instead of the scaffold she merely went daily to Madame Bertine. This lady made head- dresses, and was in no way connected with a guillotine. Sometimes, however, the illusion might 1 have been almost perfected, for Georgette J occasionally said half alond, as ehel seared the Bertine establishment, and I thought of those she mast associate with | all day, ' Afais ! quel suppOcc /' Georgette 1 was very young for snch an exclamation, I but she felt she was made for better | things, and that if she had only been I somebody else, somewhere else, she wonld 1 not have been fonnd day after day at I Madame Bertine's. This discontented j feeling had began years before ; when | Georgette was about twelve years old, I her mother had taken her to a free te- | presentation at the ' Francais.' and there she had seen a little piece, entitled ' On j ne Incline pas avec I' amour,' The girl had sobbed so loud that someone had angrily said « Hash !' 'Maman, I could do that ; Iconld act like that, because I could feel it all real,' she said when they came out. It was real, wasn't it ?' ' But no, little silly one, it was only In comedie.' Nevertheless it was red to Georgette and from that day she knew she could act if her mother would let her. Bat Madame Joliet had no artistic ideas; Georgette should earn her livelihood .with her needle in a respectable manner, and not go among a set of actresses whose characters were, according to madame, always doubtful. Was it likely that an honest and respectable widow should listen to her own child's longing for the stage 2 That was all the history of Georgette's life, and young as she was, and with that wonderfnl face, she jnst sighed, 'quel supplice,' when she stepped over the threshold at Madame Bertine's One winter's evening Monsieur Michaud had settled himself very com fortably in his arm-chair, near his white- tiled stove ; the Figaro lay on hie knees, bnt he himself was just then meditating on his past history. Most of his friends had forgotten him, and they had never guessed that Gustave Michaud had had a history at all. After all, it was a common one — a bad-tempered father who had driven bia wife into a madhouse, and had thwarted his only son's inclination to marry a pretty, gentle girl for love. She never guessed that money, or rather the want of it, had made her Madame Acard instead of Madame Michaud, or that crnel fate had killed M. Michaud pere on her wedding day, making his son a man with enough xnuuey w live uu, uuv wiui uu mwiwi iu life. Hegavenphi8profession,eociety,and friends ; and settled down in that out- of-the-way street, cultivating a hard exterior, bnt nnable to get rid of that one warm place in his heart which love for Jnlie had kindled. Now he had reached a stage in life when he could think of Jnlie without bitterness. Suddenly a light hasty ring at his tinkling little door bell -made him start sb if he had been canght in the act of doing something he was ashamed of. Crossing two small rooms to reach his door, he opened it, and held his lamp so that the light fell upon the intruder. It waB Georgette ; her face strangely altered, her hands clasped nervously together, her grey eyes kindled with suppressed feeling. ' Mdlle. Georgette ! what is the matter ?' ' Oh, M. Michaud, we have no friend bnt you. Will yon come and see my mother ! I think she is dying, and she moans ont yonr name.' M. Michaud was not over-pleased to hear this : still he followed Georgette without more ado. The doctor had been sent for, and was certainly the only man necessary for this occasion, thought M. Michaud to himself, ae he stood by Madame'e bed-side. She had only jnst strength to morion her daughter away ; and bnt one wish to mention to M. Michaud before going to another existence, where there wonld be no anxiety how to beep berself and Georgette in respectable poverty. Bnt then — and here was her difficulty — Georgette would have to keep up the straggle alone. ' Monsieur, will yon be land to Georgette, for the love of your mother 1 She is my only child ; and she must not be as are many other friendless girls in Paris — rather may God take her, too. Ton understand M. Michaud 1' M. Michaud fbnnd himself suddenly in a very strange position ; it was the last thing he had thought of to have the I care of a young girl throst on him , I though certainly even the little he knew I of her made him aware that Georgette I was not qnite like other girls. I « Bnt — ' he began hesitatingly. I ' But, Monsieur, yon are so kind — I yon have a good heart. Think if I Georgette were yonr child, left alone in I Paris ! She is a good child, only not qnite liking common work, and that may 1 lead her astray.' I Suffice it to say, that before Madame died M. Michaud had accepted tne charge. He wonld be good to Georgette, and keep an eye on her ; bnt he did not then realise what this meant!" When he had arranged that Georgette should lodge with the Madame below, and that what she conld not pay he wonld be answerable for, he fancied he had fill-, filled his promise. He fonnd oat his mistake. In the first place Georgette's face would come between him and his 1 Figaro ' when he sat by bis stove. Not that she at all reminded him of Ins long-, lost meek-eyed Jnlie; bnt yet those grey, earnest eyes haunted him strangely. Sometimes he was impelled to go and I ask after .Mdlle. Georgette ; and when I she expressed her thanks in her earnest I mv. he felt he had really done nothing to deserve them. There was no great harm in this ; and 1 A. Michaud was quite happy to let things go on in this manner ; he had money, and he- did not miss the little he spent on Georgette. ' However, one day, -when -Bpring was beginning to make Paris look beautiful, suggesting new life and new hopes, M. Michaud had a sur prise. It was not an agreeable one. He often took his constitutional -walk across the Tnileries, because it was a j pleasant place, and It. was not his fault that it 'was -Georgette'-a "shortest way home. Thieapring afternoon, as he sat down on a seat watcmng ine skipping and the boys racing, he kept hl3 eye also .on the, steps. down which Georgette must come ; but when he did. see her, he almost started, for there was something strange in her expression. « Bon jour, Mdlle. Georgette ; did not yon see stef he called ont, whilst hie ugly grotesque face beamed upon the girl bo pleasantly that she did not notice its want of beanty. ' No, Monsieur,' she answered ; 1 but I was thinking of yon. I was wondering how I conld manage to see you P May I tit down and talk to youl' Yes. yes ; tell me what you like, Georgette. Yonr. mother — — 'Don't mention her. Look- here, M. Michsad, I can't help it ; I have tried so hard to like it — the bets and bonnets — but I can't I mnst leave them, because I can do something belter ; it is in me ; 1 am aura it is. Do yon under stand, M. Hicliaud V No, M. Michaud did not understand. Was the child a little off her head 2 'No, indeed, Mdlle. Georgette ; I don't know what yon mean. Are yon complaining of Madame Bertine's bonnets 1 She is, I believe, as honest as other women of her occupation.' Bah !' said Georgette impatiently. ' I beg yonr pardon, M. Michaud, but I know yon cannot understand ; only do try to believe that it isn't fancy. I mast go on the stage ; I mnst act ; I feel it is all here,' touching her forehead. ' It is stronger than L' M Michaud gave a low whistle. How was he to look after Georgette on the stage 2 — he had long ago given np going to theatres. One was stifled within them and canght cold coming out. Besides — an actress ! ' Wonld yonr mother like this, Mdlle. Georgette V The girl turned away her face and was silent ; then she seized M. Midland s hand. 'My mother was good, very good, bntshe conld not understand that feeling. She was angry when I mentioned it, but she knows everything now ; she knows I have tried to get over it and I can't. Yon are my only friend ; help me.' It so happened that in old dayB M. Michaud had known a clever actor who, having made a name and a fortune, was now director of a theatre ; for the sake of past friendship, he might perhaps try Georgette Bnt then — after that ! 'It's a bad life, Georget'e,' ho . said, sternly and paternally. I don't feel that I ought to help yon with this strange idea. Won't yon think better of it f Try dresses, my child, if bonnets are dull ; try anything rather than the theatre.' Then, shyly, the bachelor added, ' The life is not fitted for snch as yon, Georgette.' ' It has temptations, I know,' said Georgette simply, ' bnt so has any life here in Peris, and my mother brought me np to take care of myself. Ah ! she was good, and if I conld crash the wish I wonld.' Georgette got round M. Michaud of course, and when he let ont that he knew M. Roche, it was all over with him. The girl calmed down when he promised to hunt out the Director, and, patting her small hand into bis, spoke earnestly : ' How shall I ever repay your kind ness 2' ' Tut, tut,' he answered. ' But tell me, Georgette, what was yourfather like ; do yon remember him V He was think ing that she conld not have inherited her face and her character from common-place, honest Madame Joilet. ' My father — oh no ; he was a painter. He died of failnre. Yes, I believe failure in everything killed him.' n. Majoi, Michand 2 No offence meant, but really I fancied yon were bnried years ago ! It'e like seeing my grand father walk out of hie grave. As to the girl you speak of we have a dozen every week of such prodigies ; they crop np like mushrooms. I know their tale by heart now : they feel a vocation for the stage — have been complimented by everybody, Acc. I used to believe them when I first began, bnt now my answer is, I am sore yon wonld he prima donna, Mademoiselle, but we are ML' ' I am really delighted to hear yon say this,' said M. Michand. ' It's a bad life for a vonne girllike Mdlle. Georgette ; no friends, yon know, and nothing but this fancy.' < Fancy — that's it, nothing more ; but look here, Michaud — our old friendship. Take this little play, and when yonr genius has learnt the principle part bring her to me. There'a a rehearsal of it in a week ; the actress of this part will be away, and yoar girl shall fill np the gap. There — now about yourself.' They plunged into old stories, bat M. Michand was not communicative about himself. He went away carrying Georgette'e'book as if be were loaded with an evil talisman that wonld work only harm. ' How am I to keep an eye on her if she goes there V he thought sadly. ' Why did Fate throw her in my path! c— .1." I' AJU fr wvv "That night Georgette, who possessed a small room of her own, might have been heard, paring np and down like a caged animal. She learnt that little paper book throngh, rehearsing it till her brain felt giddy and every pulse beat furiously. What did it matter I By morning she knew it perfectly, and she went off to Madame Bertine, and worked away hannilv. even though her eves and head ached. Wonld the week never pass — when she could tell Madame that she would make no.. more bonnets S But if she . failed 2 Why then it would be bonnets for the rest of her life. Quel eupptice\ The day came. Geoigette was ready long before M. Michaud appeared to accompany her. She walked more like Marie Antoinette going to execution than ever, and felt like her, too. The dream of her life hnng on this trial Bnt Geoigette had never imagined what the reality of this ordeal wonld be like. The dark theatre, not built to admit pure daylight, the great desolate honse, and those rows and rows of empty seats — terrible in their emptiness, making one feel that a myriad of invisible brings were seated there listening, jeering, and criticising, ready at the first trip to hiss von off the etage. Then the gloomy stage iteelf, and the real fleah- and-blood acton barely visible Bnt now was heard the prompter's voice, from his mole-like hole, rapping the boards with his wand. 'AUons P Suddenly to Georgette it was no longer dark, the ghosts became clothed in ordinaty attire, the actors, shadowy though they might be, were not actors but living lords and ladies. And she was not Georgette Joilet, bnt another woman with a simple, sad pathetic history ; a history which would, if people understood is, make them cry from sympathy, and the stage was the world, the world in which the heroine had to live and to suffer. Georgette walked into the Director's private room after the play as if she were in a dream. She did mot notice M. Michaud seated in a corner; she only saw M Roche whom she had not beheld be fore, having been ignorant of his presence in one of the boxes. He came forward and patted her .on the shoulder. ' Not bad, my child ; never done any thing of this kind before?. Nobody wonld hear yon, yon know, beyond the first lour rows, and von were ail over the stage — bnt still, practice and hard work may care that Would you like to join as ? Very little to earn at first, for we shail have all the trouble of training you Think the question well over.' ' I have thought,' said Georgette, quietly : ' ever eince I was a girL' ' Never mind about the pay,' pat in M. Michand. ' If she can get on 1' 'That depends on herself' The Director was guarded. Georgette had gone to fetch her hat. 'Do you recommend her to give it np? It won't do, will it 2' 'But it will,' answered ML Roche: ' and really, Michaud, I think this time it's not only an idea.' ' ' I wish it were,' sighed the good man. Nevertheless, as he walked home with Geoigette, they turned into Madame'e establishment, and Georgette took leave of her for ever. Happy Georgette ! In future she would have to work hard, bnt not in a crowded room ; not in making coverings for the heads of ladies. ' I owe it all to yon, she said once again, looking at M. Michand with grateful eyes. 'TTnnfot fihiM 1' link tn Mmsplf Jhn said : ' How on earth am I to keep an eye on her V Over and over again he said it, imagining first one way and then another, bnt only one way persistently occurred to him and thi3 one made him miserable. It was so stupendous a question ; it might frustrate the very thing he wished to bring abont; it might even make Georgette wretched. Meanwhile he daily went to and from the theatre with Georgette, who soon found out that the stage meant more hardship than she bad conceived ; -weary hoars of rehearsal, daring which she might have one sentence only to say, sometimes bnt a word. Still M. Roche was satisfied ; he was training her in his own way, and he found this girl, who had genius, more docile than half his yonng ladies. One day a chance word, a little dart sent from an nnfriendly bow, suddenly settled M- Michaud's tumultuous thoughts. Mnch meditation had solved the question, and one fine eveniDg in Jane he waited for Georgette in the gardenB on his favourite seat jnst below an orange tree in its great ungainly green tub. Georgette was altered even iu these few months, she walked down the stone stairs with a firm step, head more erect, and a more graceful bearing altogether. All the discontent was gone from her face, for to-day M. Roche had nMiaaJ ks a nil wrea irninn /» diva flay pimubu ubi wuu wan gvtug wvr mora than a sentence to say before the public. ' Mdlle. Georgette ! Yon did not see me, eh 2 You must have very pleasant' thoughts.' She smiled, and sat down by bim and held ont her hand with one of her modest, gracefal movements. ' Whenever I am not thinking of my part, I think of how good you have been to me.' 'That's nothing. Georgette. I pro mised yonr mother to keep sn eye on yon ; but — may I say a few words 1 She did not foresee events — she never imagined this other life for you, my child. A life fall of work and gmnd things, I know, but still a life of danger for one so gifted as your are — yes, Georgette, I must say it — and so beanti- /.l Dni llfjlla naAnaH-S won . n/tt. know the world.' Georgette hung her head ; a rosy hue spread over her face. ' I think of nothing but my work, M- Michaud.' ' Of course. Bat listen, man. enfant, and tell me, will yon promise to be my fiancee, and then all the world would know it, and I could keep an eye on you. T ma1> en nAttnw an T akrinM lia A mil I1UU ou juuug aa euvuiu wwj gette, and I am not handsome ; but still — ' Georgette was crimson now. Her hands trembled, bnt her words were qoiet enongh. ' I never thought of each a' thing,- Monsienr ; I dream ODly of my work. And I am a penniless ophan, not good enongh for yon, for I know, In spite of yonr hiding it, yon are not snch as I am; only I owe yon everything, and can refuse yon nothing.' ' Don't say anything abont my kind ness, bnt tell me of yonr own free will that at some fnture time — for I do not wish to interfere with your work — you will be my wife. '-Yea,' eaid Georgette. Then- we shall -feel bound to each other till one of us asks to bs released — and the request is granted.' ' I -conld not be ao ungrateful, Monrieui — I promise.' ' We are quite agreed then f M. Michand just raised Georgette's hand to his lips and kissed it ; that was the only sign of the compact, and after a short silence they both walked home together. Georgette looked aronnd at the gardens and the signs of young life and happiness which they inspired, and heaved a little sigh. She did not regret her compact, she was even proud to be M. Michaud's fiancee, for she loved bim j still, In her girlish day-dreams her lover bad not been at all like bim, bnt young and handsome ; indeed, juBt like the hero in ' On ne badine pas avec Pamour.' Well, her day of romance bad come and the lover was a middle-aged and decidedly plain man, bnt bis heart waB good and true, and as to his kindness — had not Bhe said often she could never repsy him — and now that she had fonnd a way, how happy, very happy she onght to be Monsienr Michand spoke of bis en gagement He told Madame below, he told everybody, and he' took no notice of the smile that now and then was barely hidden. Georgette, too, made no secret of her new happiness, and when some. of uifi uu6ftu6 p&opis; Dcg&u; isugning &« ii«T| she flared np and said : ' Ion conld not find in all Paris a man with a better heart,' and the answer from a malicious brunette was : ' Je ne dispas, chere, but anyhow yon need not go farther than the next street to find one handsomer !' iii. Time passed swiftly on with Georgette- She almost forgot the episode in the Tnileries, except that M. Michand usually came to fetch her, and sometimes had a talk with M. Roche abont her, always bearing great thinge of his fiancee. As for M Michand himself, he began to get accustomed to the altera tions in his daily life, and as changes had come upon him he expressed, no great surprise when something else occurred to disturb the former even course of his existence. This, yras the advent of a young consin ! Blaise Michand had made a moderate fortune as a doctor in America, after which he came home to his beloved Paris, bought a practice, and then hunted np the relations whose absence had not maae mm lorget. ne was aeuguuiu wucu at last he found Cousin Gustave, butsur- prised when the latter introduced his fiances. To himself he said, 'How beautiful she is, and how fortunate my consin is;' then be whistled softly, which with him meant a great deal, and went that evening to see Georgette act : that evening and many others too. . There was no harm in looking at his cousin's beautiful fiancee. Besides it was company for Gustave, who night after night went to the theatre to escort Georgette home, iostead of being comfortably in bed. What an interest they, both took in the pieces played ; bow quickly they picked up what people said abont Georgette, though it was only by degrees that ber name began to be mentioned by the public; not till a second winter- had come round. It was then Georgette was to take the principal part in a play. M. Roche was more nervous about it than Georgette herself. If she took the fancy of the pnblic now she would have made her fortune; if she failed she must go on again for years, perhaps jnst a mere ' nobody, ' although she and the Director both felt she was somebody ' M. Michand talked to his fiances a great deal abont her comiog trial. He was going to see it of coarse, and tried to encourage her, for Georgette had been very silent lately ; sometimes she did not speaE a worn to ner an tne way iruuie, > others she talked excitedly, very unlike her old self. And yet throngh it all she was the same, trne, simple, high-minded Georgette. That eventful evening came at last. There was qnite a stir in the corkscrew staircase to see Mdlle. Georgette go off in a carriage, accompanied by M. Michand. Georgette spoke as she was nesting the theatre. ' After to-night perhaps yon will not be proud of -me.' ' Tut, tut,' said M. Michaud. ' What the world thinks of you, Georgette, makes no difference to me. Yon are yourselt' She half opened her lips to say something, but at that moment the carriage drew up, and Blaise Michand was there waiting to hand her out and present her with a big boquet. Pourenceurage, Mdlle Georgette, he said. Surely there was no harm in that ; it wat only a compliment to his cousin's Handle. That evening she surpassed hereelt She was a success; she was recalled; she was showered with bouquete ; 'her future was assured. M. Michand, junior, was the only one who did not clap and applaud. ' Eh, bien tot, ma cousin,' said M. Michaud, ' don't you admire Georgette i Doesn't she please thee ?' « Mdlle. Geoigette is everything that is perfect ; but nevertheless, consin, do you mean yonr future wife to be always on the Stage? Miner should" not be!' M. Michand looked furtively at the younger man, and made his .own reflections. 'There's time yet, and Georgette is happy.' She doesn't look It,' growled Blaise. 'She is given up to her work at present, and has no time to think- of love.'. Bnt Blaise was not convinced. > ' A woman has always time to think of love,', he saidsnlkily. '. Georgette is, not like the rest of i her sex, 111 tell yon what it is, Blaise, she is a pearl among women— she is so true, so good, so altogether unlike most . wo men, .that yon .couldn't find each another t if yon looked all throughParis.' ' Fm not going to try,' was the savage answer. ' Bnt then she's poor, and an orphan, no one to look after her interests but my self — you nnderstand, man cher I' ' Yon make it quite plain to me, Cousin Gustave. Bon soir.' M. Michaud was not at ail angry with Blaise for his ill-temper. On the con trary it Beemed to pat him in high good humour. He was so tired that night that be overslept himself, and fonnd in the morning that Georgette had gone off to a rehearsal without waiting for him. So he determined to go and meet her in the Tnileries and see how ahe looked after her triompb. It was a cold winter's day ; now and then the sun burst out brightly in the gardens, trying to cheat the children who were playing abont into the belief that it was not winter, and then going suddenly behind a cloud to eee them look anxiously with their bright eyes for his coming out again." A regular game of hide-and-seek they had, the children and the sun ! It was in one of these intervals of re- tirement wows meiancuuiy giuuui spreau quickly over the gardens, and through the leafless chestnuts, and ronnd the statues, and across the deserted chairs in caf6<, that Geoigette ran hastily down the stone steps and saw M. Michand waiting for her. She looked terribly disturbed and not at all like a success— her head, instead of being erect was bent low, alow tears made their way through her heavy eyelids and fell on the far of her winter jacket ; she made straight for the seat, however, and never paused till she reached M. Michaud's side. 'Well, man enfant, what says M. Roche ?' ' ML Roche says that I shall do now, he will give me a good salary, and ah ' M. Michand, 1 owe it all to yon ; but — yes, I am a wretch, an nngratefol, cold-hearted wretcb, still I have tried, I have fought against it; and now-I-have come to ask you to release me from my promise. Yon don't know what it costs me to do this, more tears than you can imagine, more hoars of misery than I ever knew in my life before ; but — I love another. Look, M. Michand, despise me, nnt. aivA mo Kaalr mv OriM M. Michaud was almost struck dumb. He looked at Georgette for one instant and knew it was real, kuew that what ever ahe was; Georgette waB true, she did love another.' ' Georgette, is it ' ' No, no ; yon don't know him ; he came to the theatre, he wonld come. I told him of you, of your goodness, what yon had done for me, and — please give me back my word.' 'Tell me his name. Georgette.' ' Henri Delibes.' M. Michaud started. ' What business has he to go behind the scenes 1 Georgette, do yon know he is a Count ?' 'Yes. What does that matter ? If he were a beggar he wonld be the same kind——' Do you think he will marry yon F Georgette drew herself up proudly. ' Of coarse he will ; bat, M. Michaud, do yon imagine it is his rank I care for.' No, Georgette, I know you do not ; but, my child, life is not like the stage.' M. Michaud's voice was trembling ; he was so grieved for Georgette : grieved that he had failed after all to take care of her and protect her ; and now it had come to this ! ' Yon are so good,' continued Georgette, hnrriedly. ' My best friend, I know I am asking what I never ought to ask, and yet ' VJI Ovf gCVVC) nuuu amavu jvu very seat to give me yonr promise, I believed yon wonld be trne to it I said to myself Geoigette is not like other girls, she will say yes, and mean it ; she will not think herself free till 1 release her.' ' And yon thonght rightly, Monsienr. I have done nothing underhand, nothing to be ashamed of. Yon said we Bhonld ask to be released, and I still feel, bound by my word and yonrs.' ' And I, Georgette,' said ML Michand, taking off his hat for a moment as if he were performing a religious duty, 'and I, Georgette ; before Heaven, I will not re lease you.' That was all they said. Georgette slowly rose from her seat, motioned to M. Michand not to follow, and walked home alone. (To be concluded, in our next.) 