THE FLATS OF SHAKESPEARE. By David Buchanan. Yfc often hear i t said by theatrical managers and other that Shakespeare is a drug in the market, '.that it mcansruin to the theatros, that it will notdraw, Ax. All this is true enough, no douht. with such actore as follow the profession in these days. But only let competent actors appear, and we would soon Bee how quickly theso notions would be re versed. At tho present moment Mr Irving and his fine company woald find their occupation gone but for Shakspeare. Mr Phelps did not find Snake- spent e a drug in the market when he performed almost every one of his plays at Sadler's Wells Theatre, realising a splendid fortnno by the enter prise. Only let the competent peopla appear, and the plays of Shakespeare will crowd every theatre whero they are performed. It would be to suppose tho utter deterioiation of man's intelligence to think otherwise. Sbakeepeare need not be at tempted unices a first-rate man of genius in tbe prufossion can be secured for the leading parts. No man of intelligence will go to tbe theatre to 6ee those nobio plays mutdeied outright, and tho great body of tho people demand the prestnee of a thoioughly good man, and a very high standard of acting in ths leading parts. If we hive such an actor we can put up with mediocrity in tho other parts, male and female. The heroines ol Shake speare, althougn for tha moat part fascinating and attractive in the highest degree, yet are not so difficult to perform as the leading male characters. For one man to bo found equAl to the task of per forming Hamlet or Macbeth, 20 womon may b« easily discovered capable of performing, in a tolerable manner, any of Bhakespara's great heroines. Probably Lady Macbeth is the most trying of all Shakespeare's women. Yet the most perfect performance of it falls Infinitely short of the power it-quired to realise the ' depth of desolation that her husband is reduced to and tho terrible bitterness of remorse that wrings from him the ejaculation " Full of scorpions is my mind," and compels the deplorable prediction " Macbeth shall sleep no more." It soems strange how few gTeat actors we hnvo at present. Our fathers were better off in this respect. Cook, Kcan, Booth, 3 Kemble, Young, Macresdy, all flourished about tha same time. We, of this era, cannot boast a maa within miles of any of thaEC great actore, and moreover wo have oaly one mm, Mr Irving, who can lay cliim to a very high reputation. Creawick, the only other we had, has, I apprehend, retired from the stago by this time. Well then, Shakespeare may as well remain un prcdgcod until an actor appears with some of the iSxibates of the great names above- menticiied ; but in ths meantime don't let it be said that Shakespeare is a drag ia tho market ; let us say, with? more truth, that Shikespcara, in incompetent and feeble hands, repels rather than attiacis spectators, and on such conditions no ghost needs come from tbe grave to toll us that infinitely the greatest of all dramatists will not draw, and means ruin to the managor. Under the circumstances he may continue to serve up, for th r gratification of a vitiated public taste, every sensational monstrosity and unmeasu table ab surdity tbat any diseased imagination thinks proper to iprnduce, sending away any intelligent man or woman who, by sotno combination of mis fortune, find themselves inside a theatre in a stKte of norosti dejection and profound melancholy which hangi about them for days after. This melancholy and dejection is not ennsed by any of ths incidents of the drama, but is brougnt about by a feeling of sadocss, to tliiok that the theatre ia reduced to suvli a state, and that such a compound of folly and incoherent ab surdity should tc .thought good enough to p»lra off upou th; irtiellitonco of this nineteenth century. It is a melancholy fact that such is the case. May il soon b» altered. In the meantime, the hops of tbe drama is that some great and worthy actors may appear, and restore Shake3pcate to the stage, when tho best of the people might attend the theatre with dtiight, gathering enlightenment and instmction from the contemplation of tboso great works wtich will delight ths world " to the last syllable of recorded timo." Could we only have Shakespeare's playi brought out under the aus pices and guidance of somo groat actor, the most profoundly-read Sbakeaperian student amongst us would learn something, if not a gocd deal, under cuch circumstances. The question may be asked — What ia it that enables these extraordinary drama to retain their hold upon tho world's ad miration so firmly for tho last three ccaturies, with tin absolute certainty of increasing in the world's favour as century after century rolls over them ? The answer may bo given : Their truthful- no6P, tlioir profound depth, their high poetic beauty, the fine healthy moral tone that pervades them all, tbe'infinitc variety of hnmnu character pusring through every variety of human vicis&i-; ludi , Bketchtd by a hand so limt and to true that mankind iu every part of the civilised giobr vie with each other ia extolling a gouius sj grand, eo enduring, tia 1 eo universal, Shake- bpearek heroes are in themselves so striking and t'rn.r.rkable iliut they «eem to have ubsorbed all the world's i.dmiratlen ; but in wuat depart ment of lite alure, ancient or modern, shall we find fuch women at many of his heroines ? The gentle, loving, unsuspecting truthfulness and ; fidelity of iJ.dlemr-na, ths sweet innocence of ; Opbeliit, the simplicity and earnest impassioned devotion of Juii;t, tbe fine romantic euterp rising zeal of tlie true and genuine Portia, the slurp- biting wit nud icexhau tibld fun and huntour of the fioicir.ulirig and womanly Beatrico, tho high- »oul(d l.orour of isaholla, tho aagolie purity of fmog-ne, to say nothing of the keen, clover, nobio Rosalind. Tbo:C and numbers of other female ckor-et-iH are drawn by Shakespeare with u re finement and delicacy that will challenge the worid's admiration s long as it lasts, and will allot d proof of how pure a soul dwelt within him, arid how searching and panetraring waa ltis glance at all around hint. S'utkespcare ha3 dons more for tke elevation of woman than all other power put together, and has elevated her high in tha lerpect of mankind by the splendid pourtrayal of tha fine mecimons which his genius his brcsthsd tho breath of life into. No wonder that Admiral Lord C'oliingwccd, whose devotion to his country kept him at his post for twenty yours on foreign setvice, thould, On writing home about the educa tion of his two daughters, repeatedly insist toat they should be made to read tbe plays of Shake speare. No oner education for man or woman, boy or girl ; nothing so calculated to open and expnnd the mind, extend the vision, tefina and purify the naturo and elevate the mind to regions above and beyond the everyday, dusty beaten paths of life; while at the same time the lover of pure, massive, unadulterated English will alwayB be charmed with its majestic llow through the pages of those CTerb sting dramas, In .all Shake- speaie'ii tragedies there is always a great moral Jetson taught. " Hamlet," for lnetanco, may bs described as a sorto ot immortal sermons. Will any one deny the terrible lesson of Macbeth," or tho ami-zing power with which it is enforced? "What a story is that of "< ithelln," where tho mirror is hmd up to naturetwithju hand so true and firm? At-d in a l tte-e plays what innumerable touches of the highest reach of poetic excellence we en counter at every turn— what noble p'ssage3 of grandeur and beauty urrrst u», compelling us to pause in transports of a-imiration, »nd affording a deep and profound study to all carn-st readers, ficm thv accomplished man of genius downwards. With fuch plays es these on the stage no man of sense could afford to despise the theatre, and no ideal theatre toiilu epual the reality whore Shake speare was tbe nrc-i.idii.g genius. In that ma;nifi- cent play of ' Macbeth," how fruitful is it in its mtral Ic-sgiik and the grandeur of its moral teachings ! Was ever tbe eomntand— 11 Thou shalt do no murdfi," tiught and enforced with a more tetribk' unph-itis ! How frigh-fully (also does Macbeth fin i ins taflt and reckless philo'-ophy to be — "I am in blood steeped in so f.r, thnt should I wode no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er." And again Things had begun make strong tbcmselvis by ill." What a pa oful com mentary u;.on lino, and what a picture t-f desola te n rld im)c nr.d sharp-biting itever-c-a.-ing re- morsf is offered to our contemplation in the guilty pair unable iu r.-st eight or day. or even to eat w ithout fear. The woidi are well worthy of quo tation : — Whilst oar pror malice R-malns in ii .invar of liar larin-r tooth, line let il.o Irpnie of iliiuna uirjuint, with tha vrarldi aoiT.r. Ere wo «;'! -at cor maai in I- nr. nil,' sToep lu tho ahficti'.n n( tr.oso torrihio droama thnt rbaka us ithtly. Well might Macbeth add, aa he does : — O, lull nf a airpiom la my mind, dear wile. Bad nr. j vv.ckeil as we know ihcin both to be, we : cannot he'ji fueling compassion fur them as we 'ee i them tof-.ed about on such a raging sea of torment : and misery, with no i.e p, no hope, but left a proy j to tha stinging remorse of their own poisonous I thought:- ; with f.o ooneolatiun but tiiis 1 Belter n wllh ' hu dead, When) wo, to d-1 : .1 Cur 1-1 have n-u; to p:»C", Than on tho tor'eto o! ttiu mind talis in rojt eaj octtnar. I It is en h'.viul picture, crying with it a terrible lesson, sod in the hands of first-rate actors trans- ' forms tbe theatre into a school ot the highest i moral teaohing, where the best of us may derivo I instruction not easily fonnd cliewhero. i I therefore say that to be well read in, and to j thoroughly understand Shakespeare, I consider to ' be an education in itself, and one which any man ' may possess without much expense. Whatever may | bo his qualifications or natural qualities, this edu- ! cation will be at no time irksome, bat will as- ! snredly come to be tho delight of his life, tha solace and comfort of bis leisure hoars, a never | failing friend and comforter in sickness, and in the bustle and struggle of every day existence. With, it may be, the dark clouds of misfortune gathering around, many a fine thought and noble sentiment, gleaned from the pages of Shakospeare, will stimnlate him to supreme effort in heating down every obstaclo that impedes bis way, teach ing him, among other lessons, that " there are more things in heaven and earth than aro dreamt of in your philosophy," aud "that there is a divinity that shapes our ends rough-hew them as we may." It is not surprising that the great Duke of Marlborough Bhould say that any know ledge of history he lmd was derived from Shake- SDonre's plays, and who can doubt that the great historical characters of Shakeepearo are drawn with truo insight and accuracy. Take tho death bed Bcene ol Cardinal lieaufo't, the fall of Wo I toy, the character of Bicbard III., And many others will always remain truo historical pictures. Lord Beaconsfield says that the best history of ths War of the Buses is to be found in Shakespoare. But it is Shakespeare's vest knowledge of human n»tute and human life, and the fioo icstons that ho draws from all this that throws ;uch a halo of attraction around his immortal works, A great writer of the last century says : — " Even Shakespenro himself, splendid and surprising as arc his powers of inven tion and dsscription, would, I am persuaded, have sunk before tho judgment of impartial posterity had his writings been destitute of those impres sive moral loseons, and the fine moral maxims with which tbey so copiously abound, and which distinguish them abovo all other writers as much os they are distinguished by lofty and command- jng eenius." The great Samuel Johnsou says finely: — " Tho stream of timo which is oontinually washing the dissoluble fabrics of other poets, parses by the adamant of Shakespeare without iojury." Ciareinnis, Redmyre, August 1. 