A TELEGRAM received by the Colonial Secre- tary from Mr. Christopher Mills, Government agent of the labour schooner Ethel, which left Maryborough on 22nd February last, is as fol- low :_" Woody Island, 14th August. Labour schooner Ethel, with sixteen recruits, stopped recruiting; ordered home, illegally recruiting, firing at natives, ill-usage of passengers, drunkenness, secreting ammunition in defiance of proclamation ; master and mate both im- plicated ; crew bribed." We learn that John Loutitt is master of the Ethel, and that she is owned by Messrs. Netterfield and Palmer. Pending the settlement of the lawsuit in connection with the labour schooner Forest King, the recruits who arrived by her will be sent to St. Helena. H.M. Gunboat Swinger arrived off Cape Moreton early yesterday morning and came up the river in the afternoon, anchoring in the Garden reach. She has just returned from a very interesting cruise of eighty-nine days' duration amongst the South Sea Islands. Out of that time she has been fifty-nine days at sea. She left Moreton Bay on the 20th May, and made Treasury Island on the 30th of that month, having experienced south-easterly trade winds and fine weather. At this island she fell in with H.M.S. Lark and the labour schooner Lavinia, the captain of which had had his hand so badly shattered through the accidental explosion of a charge of dynamite that it had to be amputated by the surgeon belonging to the Lark. He was then progressing as well as could be expected. The Swinger then called at the following places in the order named :-Hawthorn Sound, New Georgia, where sho remained three days coaling ; Ugi, .where she met H.M.S. Diamond, Guadalcanar, Russell Island, in the neighbourhood of which she cruised for five days ; Sud Est, Brierley, Teste, Dinner Island, Blanchard, Milne Bay, New Guinea; and Killerton Island. From there she returned to Teste Island, where she spoke the labour brigantine Hopeful, after which she called at Lydia Island and East Cape. The schooner Forest King was sighted at Anchor Island off East Cape. She was seized for an infringement of the Kidnapping Act, and sent on to Cooktown by a prize crew. The Swinger then bore up for the Engineer Group and New Britain, at which last men- tioned place H.M.S. Diamond and the German war vessel Hyaene were fallen in with. The Swinger remained here a week, and then visited Bougainville, where she remained two days. She then went to Hawthorn Sound and coaled, and then shaped a course for Brisbane, making the run in fifteen days. When at Dinner Island she spoke the mis- sionary schooner Ellangowan, with Mr. Mil- man, the resident magistrate of Cooktown, on board. The weather experienced throughout the trip was, on the whole, rather plea- sant, the only bad weather met with being when she was at Russell Island. Here she encountered strong winds and very heavy rain, during which she lost one of her anchors. The Swinger has come to Brisbane in connection with the case of the Forest King. She has on board four natives of the Duke of York Island, who formed one of the boat's crew of the Forest King at the time the offence is said to have been committed by that vessel. At the meeting of the Royal Society to-night papers will be read on the "Ethnology of New Ireland," by Mr. Duffield; "Some Vegetable Resources of the Desert Interior," by Dr. Bancroft ; "A new Wallaby and a new Paddy- melon," and also, "Three new Frogs," by Mr. De Vis; "A new Orchid from New Guinea," "by Baron Mueller ; and " A new Australian Lichen," by Dr. Knight, of Wellington, New Zealand. Dr. Beaney, the well-known Victorian sur- geon, has favoured us with a copy of a clinical lecture delivered by him at the Melbourne Hospital on " Aneurism of the Innominate Artery." Quite a number of sufferers from accidents have been admitted to the hospital during the past few days. Dr. Jackson kindly supplied the following particulars upon application : Edwin Davis, fitter, was admitted on the 13th instant, suffering from a severe fracture of the bones of one hand and an extensive bruise in one of his legs, the result of an accident at the railway carriage works, Nundah. It appears the governing band of the engine to which he was attending came off, and in trying to stop the engine, Davis was struck by the band with great force, causing the injuries mentioned. John Swan fell off a scafford at the A.S.N. Company's wharf on the 13th instant, and sustained a wound of the eyebrow with severe bruises of the face and fracture of an arm ; Price Power, boatswain of the steamer Yaralla, fell down the hold of the vessel on the 9th instant and got his ankle bones badly fractured ; Samuel Taylor, aged 11 years, was kicked on the skull by a horse at Petrie- terrace on the 11th instant, causing a compound fracture, necessitating an operation ; Joseph Wright fell from a tree at Southport on the 11th instant and fractured his leg; a boy named Robert Kemp while getting into a cart on the 11th instant fell off and had his ear partly cut off; Wm. Graham was kicked by a horse at Harding's saleyards on 9th instant and had his nose fractured and his face severely cut. Graham has since been discharged much im- proved, and the other sufferers are progressing favourably. There are no cases of fever at the hospital, and the fever wards are now empty. There has recently been presented to Par- liament a despatch from Earl Derby contain- ing an interesting translation of a pamphlet by Senhor Pedro Soares Calderia, of Rio de Janeiro, on the injurious effects on the climate produced by the destruction of mangrove forests. It is stated that where the mangrove flourishes there is a predominance of what is termed tannin, which fosters quantities of fish and shellfish, and in fact every species of in- habitant of the sea. This tannin is said to be a powerful antidote against putrefaction, and by its astringent nature it solidifies the surface of the mud and raises it, converting the mud little by little into solid ground. From the leaves, bark, and seeds which fall from the mangrove the mud receives immense quantities of tannin, By the destruction of the mangrove the mud becomes exposed to the heat of the sun, which encounters a good conductor of heat in the colour of the mud. The heat that is thus thrown out few living things can bear. The water which the receding tide leaves in pools on the mud banks is decomposed by excessive heat, and with it enormous quantities of fish, oysters, mussels, molluscs of various kinds The heat is evaporated by the heat of the solar rays, and the mud becomes entirely dry and cracks on the surface, and when the tide returns the layer thus cracked detaches itself, floats away, and is deposited on the shore, where it forms small hillocks and finishes the incipient fermentation. In this way the deadliest malarias are engendered. The writer, in proof of the climatic influence exercised by the destruction of mangrove, lays great stress upon the fact that when this "precious shrub " fringed the shores of the Bay of Rio, yellow fever had never shown itself there, but since the devastation of the marine forest, fevers and other disorders of an epidemic kind have been prevalent. The attention of members of the Queens land Fishing Association is called to the excursion leaving Hart's wharf this evening at 7 p.m. Captain Steve Clarke will pilot, and the catering is in the hands of Mr. Daly. The tender of Messrs Robert Wilson and Co for the erection of the new railway carriage shop at Ipswich, for £3792, has been accepted. About ten minutes to 10 o clock last night Senior Constible Davis, in passing the shop of Messrs Reid and Kirkwood, grocers, Queen street, perceived through the cracks in the shutters a bright light inside, while at the same time there was a very strong smell of something burning With the help of a couple of citizens the constable broke into the shop, which was found to be full of smoke The top shelf near the ceiling was in a blaze, and having caught a good hold, the fire was rapidly ex tending along the upper shelves, on which were kept cases of safety matches. As no water could be had the constable sought for a salt bag, and having found one, handfulls of salt were showered on the flames, which were by this means success fully extinguished. A few buckets of water, drawn by willing hands from the British Em- pire Hotel, completely laid the fire, and what would have been a serious conflagration was thus prevented. By this time a large crowd blocked the street in front of the shop, and greatly impeded the efforts of the police and members of the fire brigade, the latter, how- ever, arriving too late to be of much use. The cause of the fire is supposed to be through a package of safety matches igniting The stock and fixtures are insured in the Commercial Union Insurance Company for £750. There was very little damage, however, beyond what was done by water, and as the brigade under Superintendent Hinton's instructions used the hand pump instead of the hose there was but a small part of the stock injured There was a good deal of delay in getting at the fire plug in the street, and opera tions at one period would have been a good deal facilitated had a torch or two been at hand in place of the wax candles that had to be used The United Evangelistic choir repeated the service of song, " The Oiled Feather, at the Boys' Reformatory, Lytton, last night, the use of the Kate having been kindly granted by the Government for the purpose of conveying the members and the Rev. E C Spicer. The large room at the Reformatory, where the entertainment was given, was decorated with bunting, and besides the boys — who looked well and hearty — a large number of the residents of Lytton were pre sent, so that all available space was occu- pied The service of song was thoroughly enjojed by all present, the boys especially losing no opportunity of testifying their appre- ciation The Rev E C Spicer, with his magic lantern views, and the Rev. J Stewart, who was the reader, gave valuable assistance At the conclusion Inspector Wassall moved a vote of thanks to Mr Adams and all who had helped in the entertainment, and it was heartily received. In responding, both Mr Spicer and Mr Adams each promised to give another enter- tainment before long. The choir was afterwards treated to a very acceptable supper by In spector and Mrs Wassall, who were exceed- ingly happy in their efforts to make the even- ing a pleasant one Next Tuesday night the choir will give the "Oiled Feather at the Woogaroo Asylum We have received a copy of "Called Back," a novelette which has created a considerable sensation in England, and has been made the subject of two plays and a bitter quarrel between the rival dramatisers. The author, Mr Hugh Conway, is a writer who has just begun to make his mark, and he evidently belongs to the latest school of novelists who are again giving us books containing stories, and not merely sketches of character. Indeed, Mr Conway's fault is that his book is all story and after the spell which it casts on the reader is over, the impression left by the characters in it remains rather vague and indefinite But the story is a very absorbing one, and although the supernatural is introduced into the plot, the author is not one of those bunglers who lug in a ghost story to give interest to an otherwise wearisome narrative. In short, "Called Back" is a good story, well and brightly told, full of strong situations and abounding in vivid descriptions of events, and although the personages are shadowy, that fault will not affect novel readers who are getting a little sick of the long-drawn-out descriptions of cha- racter, connected by the feeblest thread of plot, which make up so many modern works of fiction The following are the players chosen to represent Queensland in the Inter- colonial football match against New South Wales on Wednesday next :- Messrs Gibson, Pritchard, H. ; Pritchard, S. ; Rosser, Perkins, O'Carroll, O'Sullivan, M. ; Rowlands, Baynes, F. ; Lather, Ross, Slattery, T. ; Hardgrave, F. ; Roberts, Hensler, Kelly, Pratten, T. ; Pratten, G. ; Fox, Bond. Emer- gencies — Hegarty, Baines, Pratten, F. Umpire -Mr T Welsby Goal umpire-Mr J H Blake The above team will play against a combined team of our local players to-morrow at the Queen s Park, and are also requested to attend at the Globe Hotel this (Friday) even ing for the purpose of electing a captain Mr F C Hodel forwards a cheque for £1 1s., being the Cooktown Courier's contribu- tion towards the " Figaro Defence Fund." The prize competition held by the Garrison Battery on the 24th July and 9th instant with the 64-pounder guns, at the Lytton Battery, resulted in favour of Corporal Leckey s squad, who took first prize, £10, with 29 points, and Corporal Duffy s, who were awarded second prize, £5, for their 22 points The details of the competition are as follow -Corporal Lecky 33 points, with a deduction of 4 points for exceeding the time allowed, one shot pierced the target and another went only 30 yards over it, carrying away a flagstaff imme- diately at the rear. Corporal Duffy : 21 points, with 1 added, for being within the time. Ser- geant Curry : 9 points ; but as there was a deduction of 13 points for loss of time his score was nil. Sergeant Fredericks made no score at all. A PRELIMINARY meeting of gentlemen in- terested in the formation of a gas company for South Brisbane will be held at the Brisbane Exchange at 11 o'clock this morning. Mr. Thomas Woodgate, stationmaster at Gatton, wishes it stated that he is not the individual who figured in the Police Court on Wednesday on a charge of drunkenness. At the sitting of the Petty Debts Court yes- terday morning, before Mr. W. H. Day (water police-magistrate), in the defended case of M. Lowry v. John Clements, claim £2 4s. 9d., goods sold, the plaintiff was non-suited, with costs. A telegram received at the office of the Minister for Mines gives further particulars about the recent fatal accident in the pros- pecting claim at Herberton. It appears that in addition to the unfortunate man Long, who was instantly killed by the explosion of a charge of dynamite, a man named Usher was severely injured, and the manager, Mr. Bonar, who was engaged in placing a floor about 6ft. above, was also injured. The Mitchell police report to the Commis- sioner of Police that information was received on the night of the 6th instant that a man known as " St. John " was missing from the Wombalilla since the 26th July. On the following morning Constable Murarch and a tracker were sent to make inquiries, but re- turned without finding any traces of the lost man. A second search was made, and on the 9th they found a body in the waterhole at the Wombalilla, which was identified as that of the missing man. An enquiry will be held as to the cause of death on the 15th instant. About a fortnight since (says our Pimpama correspondent), when writing of a slight frost at Pimpama, I stated upon information re- reived that some cane at Yatala was frosted, and Mr Witty at once wrote you flatly deny- ing the statement, and adding that it was not true. I have since seen it, and am of opinion that, while a good deal of it looks well, there are patches decidedly frosted, the leaves being quite brown, and some parts are very miserable- looking, as anyone can see from the coach- road. As to the road question, the statements of both parties were reported by me to the Courier with equal fairness, and Mr W. had no room left for complaint. The weather is now fine and enjoyable, the arrowroot drying process going at full speed, and showing a fine quality and fair product The road from Pimpama to Beenleigh is getting good and lasting work done upon it, and will soon be a fine drive of an hour instead of three as it was fifteen years ago. The thermometer is now at 42° in the early morning, the days very warm, and animal life full of activity. About fifty steers passed on to the Coomera flats, bought by Mr Heathwood, and a good demand exists all down the South for bullocks fit for timber-getting. Mr Latimer has just started crushing arrowroot at Podinga, but Mr A Beaton's saw- mill is under some delay about a mile from its desti- nation, probably for want of bullocks to draw it, as it is very hard to get teams. Mr Mills, at Nerang, is putting his mill in readiness for crushing, and several others are in full work turning out fine quality About seventy of the members of the Gympie Mining Stock Exchange assembled at the Masonic Hall last night (says the Times of 12th instant) for the purpose of electing a committee of management. Mr P Lillis was unanimously voted to the chair. A re- solution was moved to the effect that the chairman should, previous to the appointment of the committee, be elected president of the institution. Mr Lillis expressed his gratifi- cation, as a resident of sixteen years on the field, at the honour it was intended to confer upon him, but at the same time begged the meeting to reconsider the matter, and if a president was necessary, to appoint some one who permanently resided on the field. The meeting, however, overruled Mr Lillis's objec- tions, and the motion was formally carried. Nineteen nominations were then made for the committee, and as only nine were required a ballot was necessitated. This was forthwith proceeded with, and resulted in the following gentlemen being declared elected for the ensuing six months — namely Messrs Widdop, Hendrey, S A Roberts, R W Powell, H Shanks, J L Mathews, L Currie, P Weckscher, and T L Pyne. DURING the progress of a recent meeting of the Warwick Municipal Council the mayor made a statement in connection with the water supply of the town. He said that from the 2nd June to 31st July of the present year a little over two and three-quarters miles of mains had been laid. The work had been done at a cost of £1 2s. 2d. per chain, including the wages paid to two fitters and a fireman. The open- ing and closing of the trenches only cost 17s. 11d. per chain, which was cheaper than prices they had received for contract. He might mention that when the members of the present council entered upon their duties there was a debt upon the town of between £17,000 and £18,000 in connection with the waterworks. After an agitation of several years they got a reduction of £4000 on the original debt, and a refund of £2600 which had been retained from the endowment as interest. In another month they expected to have completed laying the extension of the mains for a distance of three and a half miles since June The extension for that distance would bring in a return of about £400 rates, and next year they would be able to reduce the water rate 20 to 30 per cent. Thir- teen months ago they owed between £17,000 and £18,000, and had only three and a half miles of mains laid ; now they owed £15,655, and would, in a month, have seven miles. THE master of the schooner Hopeful writes in the Townsville papers as follows regarding a statement made in the Cooktown Independent concerning his vessel -"Sir,— Seeing in the Townsville Bulletin of today a report copied from your paper of Friday last in reference to the Hopeful, saying that thirty-two natives had been shot by her boats' crews on New Guinea, and that H.M.S. Swinger was cruising in search of her, I give a most unqualified denial to those statements, and request from you the name of your informant, as such a re- port is calculated to do considerable injury to my ship. It is true thirty-one boys deserted at Teste during a festival there, but no attempt whatever was made to recover them, and I can not but persuade myself that this is how your informant was led into such an error. At East Cape we had no trouble whatever, and as for trade being landed on the beach there, it is en- tirely false. Regarding H.M.S. Swinger being in search of the Hopeful, the absurdity of the thing is obvious, when I mention that I was boarded by her at Teste after we had stopped recruiting and after the boys deserted and she left me with her official mails to post on my arrival at Dungeness. I may mention that the boarding officer noted on the log that every- thing appeared correct, and he considered that the Act had been fully complied with, and this was on the day previous to my leaving Teste for Dungeness." An incident of a peculiar character (says the Dundee Advertiser) occurred in connection with a Sunday school trip from Dundee to Monifieth at the end of June. The scholars were accom- panied by their teachers and pastor, and a most enjojable day was spent, the weather being all that could be desired. Everyone was in the highest spirits and during the return journey a number of the teachers, determined to keep up the hilarity, suggested that the minister should perform a marriage ceremony in the railway carriage. This proposal was enthusiastically received by the company, and, as they would take no denial, the clergyman yielded to their importunity. Three of the young men then chose their partners, and the ceremony was carried through in the orthodox fashion, the minister in concluding, gravely declaring the parties to be legally married, and reminding them of the relative duties of husband and wife. The affair was regarded as a capital joke at the time , but the parties to the transaction are now somewhat concerned, as it has been hinted to them that by the law of Scotland they are really married, all of them being of age, and having gone through the marriage ceremony and declared their acceptance as husband and wife in the presence of witnesses. It is some consolation to know that some of them are sincerely hope- ful that this is the case , but it is reported that the others are not so well pleased with their haphazard choice, and wish it were otherwise The occurrence has been the subject of general comment during the past three or four days, and it is said that some of the parties are now so much in earnest that they have resolved to take legal advice to ascertain their true position. The Maryborough Chronicle of the 13th instant says -" In answer to an advertisemnt put in the papers by Mr. G. W. Gaynor for persons interested in the discovery of a gold field within fifty miles of this town, a large assemblage of persons took place at the Post Office Hotel. Those present represented the various trades and industries in the town. Mr G. Roberts was voted to the chair. Mr. Gaynor said that it was well known that in the vicinity of Maryborough were several minor goldfields but which remained in their some- what secluded state from the fact that a thorough and systematic prospect of the country had never been made. He need hardly point out that the discovery of a permanent field so close to this town would have the effect of enormously stimulating busi- ness and would benefit every inhabitant. He would propose that as payable gold was now being obtained at Kolo on Merodion, an out- station of Gigoomgan, a prospect of that country be first made. Failing there, the party should prospect around Agnes Vale, next Burger's paddock on the Gayndah road near Musket Flat, and next Stanton Harcourt. It having been carried that it was desirable to search for gold in the country around Mary- borough, and that Mr. Gaynor's programme of fields to be visited should be adhered to, the following resolutions were carried unani- mously: - "1. That it is desirable to fit out a prospecting party for the discovery of a goldfield in the Wide Bay and Burnett dis- tricts. 2. that Messrs. Roberts Gaynor, J. Walker, and G. Dart, be a managing com- mittee for carrying out the objects of this meeting. 3. That a subscription of 5s., with payment of 1s. per week shall entitle the sub- scriber to attend meetings and vote, but smaller amounts may be received without the privilege of voting. 4. That the committee report progress at least once every three months, or as often as necessary. 5. That a party be fitted out of not more than three, who are to be kept in rations, and to receive the benefit of their discoveries, but no wages. Upon the prospecting party discovering payable gold they shall immediately report to the com- mittce who shall have first chance of securing ground.," 