■ '.LYNGARI) €01JRT. —»— , CHAPTER Iir. CONTINUED. As it happened, however, Maraquita did nor drink it' for while Mrs. Foley had; gone to the door to speak to the butler, Avice, in the act of reaching across the table, turned the; glass over, and spilled its contents, and Maraquita, who reftlly did not wish for the wine, forbade her replenishing them, boon afterwards she was conducted upstairs to a large, low room, at the end of a gallery, which a fire was burning, and throwing ruddy gleams on the white walls and drapery that had given it its name. ( ' You are not afraid of ghosts, are you ? queried Avice, who had come with her. ^ ' No. I can't understand being afraid ot what doesn't exist,'-—-laughing. fi,om j ' Oh 1 So you don t believe in them i That's a good thing, because1' a spice _of mischief i her tone-'this room hasthe . f6putation of being haunted, and I was going " to offer to come and sleep with you. : , ■; • 1 • But your mother forbade you ! ' As to that, I could easily slip in, and she would never know anything about it, v said this audacious young ignorer of the tittli cbmmandment. , ■ I-Iowever, Maraquita negatived the sug gestion, and. Avice, rather piqued, said lopd-night, and left her. Her first action, wheh she was alone, was to go to the door for the purpose of securing it—a purpose frustrated by the fact of there being no key in the lock. . 'I don't suppose burglars will come in, or, at any rate, if they do, they wont molest ml she said to herself with a smile, as she " undressed herself and got into bed, her thought's dwelling the while, on the events ■ of' the evening, aud Mrs. Foley s unlooked for kindness. As a rule, she was the very reverse'of suspicious; but somehow, in spite of her gracious demeanour, she did not trust Avice's mother—an instinct that was subtler than reason warned her against her, ' notwithstanding her apparent friendliness, and the lack of motive she had for trying to conciliate so unimportant a personage as Ladv Lyngard's companion. . Presently her thoughts and the flickering Shadows cast by the fire all seemed to mix themselves up together; her eyelids closed, and she fell into a deep, dreamless sleep. How long it lasted she could not have told* but she was suddenly aroused by a faint noise, caused through the chair she had nlaced against the door being pushed aside Very gently and cautiously by someone who had already turned the handle Maraquita's first impulse was to scream tfut and alarm the house, but then the ^re membrance came that she was some dis tance from the servants wing, and that Mrs. Foley was really the only person within earshot: and while she was'thus de . batintr the door was pushed open, and a • , female figure, stealing quietly in, advanced with'a curiously gliding movement to the \- beOiinheroine was certainly not a super stitious girl, but it must be confessed that iust for one minute the remembrance of what Avice had said about the room bemg ' haunted came back to her, and she was con ■ sci6us of. a strange, sinking feeling at the heart, not greatly removed from terror. of the unknown spirit-world, which heretofore she had been inclined to ridicule. The fire had burnt low, but all at once a coal fall in, and shot out a long spire of flame, which fell on the face of the intruder, distinctly revealing the features; and then, \- with a feeling of relief as well as surprise, Maraquita saw it was none other than J\irs. Foley! ' ,, What brought her there, at such an hour, , and in such a manner? the young girl] \- asked herself; and, at the Bame time, re- , solved to make no movement, but give her- i sei'f-a chance of gaining an answer to her ' ffueryj'by' feigning sleep, and seeing what jwould happen next. Mrs. Foley stood for a moment motion less, and listened to her guest's breathing, ■ ■ which Vi'aS calm and regular, and apparently satisfied her that Maraquita slumbered ; -then she lighted a candle she had brought ^ with her, and held it in- front of the guls face It was perfectly tranquil and com \- posed,,so she put the candle on a table be • mdⅈ'er, and after turning down the bed \- clothes unfastened her nightdress and bared the left shoulder, thus revealing a crescent sjhaped mark of a bright red colour—evi \- denily a birthmark. Mrs. Foley drew a deep breath as if she ]iad received a shock of some kind, and . sank down on a chair, putting hor hand to her eyes, and remaining perfectly still for three or four minutes, during which Mara quita was afraid lest the loud beating of her heart might betray her. It seemed to her that if her visitor re mained much longer she would be forced to cry out, or give some token, showing she was aware of hor presence. But Mrs. Foley, having attained her ob ifct.-had no further motive for staying. She a^in gazed intently at the maik, as though to assure herself she was not mis taken. and then carefully pulled up the bedclothes, took up her candle, and quitted the room as silently as she had entered. 