SOME POINTS OF DIFFEItEtfCE BETWEEN THE SEXES. Whbw a woman becomes Harried the feels for a fan j when a man becomes flurried he feels for a cigar. Women jump at contusions and g nerally bit j men -reason a thing out logically and generally miss it. Women always show by their actions that they enjoy going to church; men aie less demonstratire. Some women can't pass a millinery store without ^ looking in ; ■ some men can't pass a saloon without going in. A woman never eees a baby sriihont wanting to run to it j a man never sees a baby without wanling to run from it. Women love admiration, approbation, adula tion, self immolation on the part of others,' end are often weak, vain, and frivolous. Ditto men A woman always carries her purse in her hand, so_ that other women will see it; am in carries his in his inside pooket, so that his wife won't ere it. A man of fashion hates the rain because it deranges the set of his pantaloons; a woman of fashion hates it because it deranges her com plexion. When a woman wants to repair damages she uses a pin; whsn a man wants to repair dam* .... .m.l. 1 t. • _ , ages he spends two hours'and a half trying to thread a needle. ' A woman can sit in a theatre for three hours without ge ting all cramped up, catching the toothache, or becoming faint for want of fresh air; a man can't When a woman is' asked by a fond lover for her heart and hand and says ' jib,' she don't always mean it 5 when a man is asked by a jovial friend if he will take something and eaye 1 Ho,' he don't always mean it either.—ZVa teUer. It is the sausage manufacturer who makes both ends meet. Vbgbtabun Biading. — That which we eauliflower by any other name would taste as sweet A GOAT ought to be a first-class material for oleomargarine. There is no better butter than the goat. Obsebving that the censns embraces seven teen millions of women, a Yankee editor raptu rously inquires' Who wonldn't be a censns ?' Aw Kngii.b magazine is speculative as to' the kind of olotbes ghosts wear.' We always sup posed they wore spirit wrappers. 'Thit prisoner has a very smooth counte nance,' <aid the judge to the sheriff. ' Yes,' said the sheriff, 'he was ironed just before he was brought in.' A good deal of consolation offered in the world is ahont as solacing as the assurance of the main to his wife when she fell into the river: —' You'll find ground at the bottom, my dear.' The director of a' matrimonial agency in Paris says the youcg girls ask only, ' Who is he ?' the young widows,' What is his position ?' the old widows,' Where is he i" -A Hobtb Oaboliba man nsmed Comfort committed suicide because his girl ' went back on him.' It unit have been a queer girl who wonldn't take comfort in gettiog married. A hint to the clergy -.—The Bev. O. W. Hyde, of a church in Mercer county, Ya., has resigned because some of his people complained that he was too boyish, wore his hat nnclerica'ly cooked, sported red stockings, and even looked at the women. ' Bo yon are married ?' remarked Mrs. Smith; 'when do yon receive?' 'Oh,* replied tho newly-wedded one,' that will depend on our friends. We shall be ready to receive as fait as the presents are sent in' A J -tJBKAii some rime ago offered a school prize for the best essay on ' Honesty.' Of the twenty-three responses received a largo pro portion proved to have been atolon, and one, a poem, was stolen entire. He who pi caches honesty heeds watching. A xouso woman who was married three weeks ago was asked how she was getting along with the mysteries of housekeeping. ' Oh, I'm learning very fast. Why, would yon believe it ?' she exclaimed,' I hemmed a whole towel myself in six hours yesterday.' Ho Wondbb.—Amateur Artist (who is I my boy. How do you know it?' SLAB.: saw ye pent'n't.' ' How,' said an irate mother to her family of one boy and four girls, who hid been misbe having themselves, ' I am gaingta whip youall," and she seised on Jimmie to recoivo the flrst instalment of the chastisement. ' Mother,' eaid Jiminie, ' Ladies firat alwaye.' The old lady was so struck with this application of her own instruction that ahe did not atrike any of tho children, but let them off that time., [ An eooentrio playgoer was seen , recently at an Edinburgh thoa're. He wai;a raw High lander, and it waa bis flrst visit to the p' □ceing mm -- - manner, a gentleman offered him h -uerea glass. Sandy took it eagerly and a- °.P0,ra hia lips. Immediately aftewardr bP1'®. 11 baok to the owner, he said , binding it ' There's nao a drappie in: f disconsolately, token the opera glass for a fd 'So A* I.'—Beirgr . ,, Carlo Theatre, at N* ,",B ®Tfln.™« a* tha 8an Sttorttl,..- ' *' h°P-.' Si?."18 -lose of the performance, * that we -oe pleasure of meeting again. Iam ltw- "* Dumas.' ' Oh, indeed I' replied the , -ted novelist, with his gay laugh f «So J3> a! The itarangw'opllapud.' A ctEEOTMiir at Cambridge preached a ser id on, which, ana of Ilia audience commended. 'Yet* said the. gentlemen to whom it was com-, 'mended,'it was a goodsermon, but he stole it.'' Thie wag told to the preacher.. He reseated it. and asked the gentleman to retract what he had said. ' I am not,' replied the aggressor, ' very apt to retract my words, ■ bnt in this in stance 1 will. I said yon had stolen the sermon. I find I was wrong,'for, on returning home and referring to the book whenco I thought it was taken, X found it there.1 Ajcdbewus once visiting a penal institu tion, and being practically disposed, he trusted himself on the treadmill, desiring the warder to set it in motion. The machine was accordingly adjusted, and his lordship.began to lift his feet. In a few minutes however, the .new hand had quit> ooough of it, and cslled to bo released j but this was not so easy. ' Phase, my lord," said the man, ' yon csn't get off. It's set for ' twenty minutes; that's the shortest time we oan make it go.' So the judge was in durance until his' term' eipirt d. Chatham Island, lying off the coast of Hew Zealand, in the Southern Facido Ocean,is pecu liarly situated, as it is ons of the habited point* of the globe where the day of the week changes. It is just in the line of demarcation between dates. The high twelve on Sunday or noon ceases and instantly Monday meridian begins. Sunday comes into a man's house on . the east side and becomes Monday by the time it passes out the western door. A man sits down to his noonday dinner on Sunday, and it is Monday before he finishes it. Then Saturday is Sun day, and Sunday is Monday, and Monday sud denly becomes transferred into Tuesday.- It is a good place for people who havo lost much ~ time, fjT by taking an early start they can always get a day ahead on Chatham Island. It took philosophers and geographers a long time to settle the puzzle of where Sunday noon ceased and where Monday began, with a man travel ling weft fifteen degrees an honr, or with the Bnn. It is hoped that the next English Arctic - expedition will settle the other mooted ques- .' tion: ' Where will one stop who travels north west continually P' Onb Litxib Favobb.—He had never toll . his love, their acquaintance had been a very . short one, and when suddenly he had placed her arms Bhont his heck, and imprinted a kia* upon her rosebud moutb, she was naturally startled ' Sir,'she said,' this is insufferable.' 'Forgive me,' he c ied. ' I was mad to act thus.. I beseech you, pardon mo 1' 1 No, I can never - forgive you, never. You have forfeited my friendship. You mnst leave me at once and - forever* Vainly he pleaded. She was obdn rate. So glaring an offence c .aid not bo con doned And so he said he would go. His - whole life would be embittered, for he felt that her image could never bs * ffaced from his heart. ' I will go,' he said aacly,' bnt before I leave there is one boon that I would ask. I feel that I am not unreasorable in desiring and expecting that'you will grant thisione little find favour. ' What is itf' she asked, gently, touched by his emotion. 'Won't : you please take yonr arm from around my neck?' • 