Stt. B*etfeii*'s at Rome. : GRAPHIC DESORIPTION OF ITS SIZE, SHAPE, AND CONSTRUCTION. , St. Peter's Cathedral at Rome may be ' justly. called tho metropolitan church, not only of Some, but of tho whole world. It may fairly be pronounced, when considered in every point of view, tho noblest pile of buildings evor formod upon earth, Solomon's Temple not excepted, which was a figure of the heavenly Jerusalem, and the metropoli tan sanctuary of the faithful in the old law ; so is St. Peter's tho metropolitan sanctuary of the faithful in tho new law, or law of Christ ; showing forth tho glory, the splen doru, and the magnificence of the church or sanctuary of our God on earth. The foundation of this incomparable churohwas laid by Julius II, in 1506, finished ?under Paul V., dedicated by Urban VIII. in 1626\. It is built in the form of a Latin cross, and tho proportion is so exactly ob served in tho length, height, and breadth that the eye cannot perceive anything ex traordinary largo, long, broad or elevated. Aud its enormous sizeis only perceived when every part is oxamincd separately. This grand and superb structure is 722 feet long, 520 feet broad, 144 feet from tho pavement to the ceiling and 432 feet high — that is, from the pavement to top of the cross which crowns . THE GRAND DOJEE OR CUTOlt A. j Under this grand structure there is a subterraneous church with a number of elegant chapels, altars, marble statues, and vaults, wherein are deposited the remains of many holy martyrs, popes, and othor saints. But tho richest treasure of this venerable .place consists in one-half of tho precious relies of St. Peter and St. Paul, which lie in a sumptuous vault, that is most richly ornamented with pillars of alabaster, and enclosed above with a semicircular balustrade of antique yellow and white marble. As the observer advances towards this grand and beautiful church ho enters a great area of an oval form, never equalled in magnificenci [jby any area placed before a building. This grand and superb area in terposes between tlio church and the beauti ful bridge of St. Angela, boing nearly 1,200 ieet deep, wlncli contributes much to its majestic appearance, and places it in the most agreeable point of view ; it is neatly paved with white marble. :Tho area isTSjSRicd'in the centre with a . most majestic obelisk, which formerly be longed to Nero's Oirous, in Caligula's timo, . and was brought from Egypt to Rome ; it is '.80 feet high, exclusive of the pedestal or -base below, which is 37 feet, with the cross , j*bovo ; altogether malting an elevation of about 130 feet. Four linns, which support ? tho obelisk, aro placed on tho pedestal, and j , 0, are of gilt bronze; . : i TIIE CROSS. ON THE TOP, 'which is Beven feet long, is of gilt brass, and | ... ' has enclosed within it a piece of the cross on | /which ''our Saviour suffered. Two very] ''beautiful fountains nt equal distances from tho obelisk, one on each side, aro in cessantly playing, and emitting their waters 1 .through a great number of united tubes, and ? to an amazing hoight, until they descend again in tho form of a bow. This great area is enclosed by a splendid piazza or colonnade, crowiied with a balus . . trade, ornamented with a great number of vuauy unit ueuumui o mines. ±1118 Ol'ai colonnade lias four rows of stately pillars, each about forty feet high, consisting in the whole of 320 columus, so largo that three men can scarcely grasp one of thom. ;? These columns form throe grand walks ??? leading to a square court in tho front of the church. This court is open, but its two , Bides are formed by two magnificont porti . coes, through which you enter tlie church. . ! Exclusivo of these two apartmonts or \- porticoes tho court is two hundred and sixteen foot long and forty feet wide. In eluding this, tho wholo lenglh reckoned 648 feet. There is a majestic passage from each of the porticoes to tho colonnade — a very ex tensive staircase of twenty-one marble steps \- which boing divided into three flights, and projecting in an oval figure in the middle, \- affords a vory easy ascent to and decent from the church. \ At ino oottom or tuo steps on each sine aro the statues of St. Peter and St. Paul. Bight columns, scarcely to be grasped by five men, together with several others of fine tevortino stone, support tlio architrave. On each side of tho five grand gates or ; entrances into tho court stand two Ionic columns of purple marble. The court itself, including its two porticoes, is paved with the finest marble, and the ceiling is em bellished with stucco-work and gilding. In the portico, on the right hand, near the steps, is an equestrian statue of CONSTANTINE TIIE GREAT, _ . whose joy and surprise at the appearance of theeffulgeut cross in tlio skyisadmirablyox pressed. Opposite to this, on tho othor side, is an equestrian statue of Charlemagne, , . -cut out of a single block of marble From thiB court four doors open into the church, of. which tho furthest on the right hand is closed, and opened only onco in twenty-five .. - years — that is, at tho jubilee. On entering . ; the church tho two first pillars which are ' erected on each side of the principal navo, at proper distances from the middle gate, ?; are two shells or basins of yollow antique , 7 marble for holding holy-water, amazingly boautiful and grand, held out by nngels of white marble. Tho drapery that embel ; liBhes this noble pieoo of sculpture is com posed of Lapis-Lazuli. The breadtli of the middle aisle, which runs the wholo length of tho church, is 86 English feet; but the whole breadth of the church, exclusive of tho thickness of the wall is 291 feot. Its length to the cross aisle is 438 feet, and its broadth 73. Tho most amnzing part of this vast odifice is tlie grand domo or cupola ; it is a work of astonishing art and grandeur. The out ward circumference of tho dome is 620 feet and the inward diameter 143. This dome was built undor tho pontificate of Sixths V' Tho honor of tlio undertaking and the design is owing to tho groat Michael Angelo, who, hearing some persons crying up tho Rotunda as a work of antiquity nover to be paralleled, said he would not only build a dome equally largo, but also build it in the air. Giuseppe d' Arpino drow the designs for tho mosaic ornaments of tho cupola, among which tho four evangelists, in four largo compartments, are particularly admired. This amazing structure is supported by four stupendous pillars. The interior of the domo is finished in the highest taste, and encircled with a palisaded gallery, and terminates with a beautiful lantern and spire. This groat dome is so conspicuous that it is easily discerned by travellers at the distance of 20 miles from Home. Entering'into ono of tho ten chapels which are in tho aislos, with ton smaller domes, or oval cupolas corresponding to them, you find yourself in each as if in a cathedral. At tho tipper end of the church, which is built in the form of a Greek cross, tho grand monument of the Chair of St. Poter presents itsolf with an unparalleled mnjoi-ty. The ornaments of it aro said to havo cost 175,551 Roman crowns. The four feot of it are supported by four guilt bronze statues, each seventeen feet high, of four doctors of tho Church — two of tho Latin Church, St. Augustineand St. Ambrose, and two of the Greek Church. ST. JOHN' CnRYSOSTOM AND ST. HANASIUS. : These statues are elevated on- four lofty pedestals of varegated marble - to. such a height that the feot of the chair are upon a level with their heads. Tho figures of txvo angels of gilt bronze are placed on each sido of the chair holding tho keys in their hands, and above them the Holy Ghost is represented in the form of a dovo, with a surrounding multitude of cherubim, and tlio figures of a grand glory, all in gilt bronze, casting brilliant rays to a vory considerable distance, and at times redoubling their brilliancy by means of the rays of light which the moridian sun convoys through a yollow stained glass window in tho rear. Tho papal or high altar, at which the Pope aloue is to officiate, stands in tho middle of tho cross aisle, directly undor the cnitre of tho grand domo or cupola, and first attracts tho eye. Over this altar is a canopy of gilt Ijronzo, embellished with POUR ANGELS SEVENTEEN' FEET I.ONO,- - ' . I and cast of gilt bronze, each of thom l holding a garland ot gilt bronzo in the i hand, and with the other supporting .: a square gilt bronzo canopy of admirable beauty and most curious workmanship, with a bronze crucifix terminating' tho .whole' at the distance of 177 feet from the . floor. Those figures rest on four huge t.visfc pill.-ir - There aro a great number of chapels, ^finely ornamented with ?sculpture, pnintmg, and tho most .beautiful mosaic -work,, witliiu this giand fabric. - Tho further end of: this beautiful- church^ is taken up with tho altar of St. Peter where the wooden pulpit of that Apostle is enclosed in another of gilt'bronze. Before this altar stands a largo bronze lamp, made by order of Clement XL, who granted to all the religious ordors . the privilege of having the image- of their founder placed here'. THE STATUE OF ST. DOMIO is cut outof a single blook'of rnarblo, which before it came iuto-tho. sculptor's hands cost 2,000 crowns. The altars of. this church amount to twenty-nine. The pavement is entirely of marble, and there are in the church about 180 large marble pillars. Tho squaie pilasters are encrusted with, red marblr, adorned with white medallions and busts of popes. Everything is kept with such neatness and order that it looks like a new built church, and upon the least appearanco of any dust on the walls and ceiling people are drawn up in machines who wipe it off with linen cloths. The inside of this grand and magnificent sanctuary being lined with the most precious marble and adorned with all the powers of painting and sculpture, presents to tho eye such a multitude of beautiful objects that scarcely any room can be conceived for the reception of more, yet disposed with such con8umate art that none seem superfluous* ?So dazzled is the sight with the profusion aud variety of riches and ornaments that 120 great lamps of solid silver, which, flame incessantly, night and day, round the great altar, almost oseaped the observation of tho visitant, being, as it were, lost in tho general blaze of decoration. In the building and embellishing this unparalleled structure more than one hundred years were spent, during the. reigus of several successive popes, 'and a sum of money exceeding eleven millions of British pounds expended. It would bo an endless task to enumerate all the other grand and costly ornaments and decorations of this church, whicli. are so many and so grout that, aftor viewing them with attention for the course of atyear, -new beauties will be discovered in the\\(snd.—Jlu(/iii)-st liecord. 