LATEST TELEGRAPHIC NEW»! \- [BY OUR OWN CORREA PONDKNT.] {§ LONDON, APRIL 27. 1 Doo a m en ts have been discovered by the police which indicate that Egan and Daley, who are at pre- sent under arte*, are to be officer* of the Irish Re* public should the agitators succeed in forming such a Republic. With the view of a peaceful solution of the present difficulty, Franc« has re- opened negotiations with Madagascar, and hos offered to accept terms more favourable to Madagascar than those originally pro. pose j and rejected by the latter country. -A An attempt hos been made by Anarchists to u ea troy by dynamite the great national monument ot j Germany on the Niederw&ldt;, which was reoentl} erected to commemorate tho victory and unity of Germany in 1M70-7I. Tad attempt, however, faded. The Government have deatded to accept the situa* tion.and abide by the doo inion of tho House, with| regard to the Diseased Cattle Bill, which passed through the House of Commons in opposition to the views of the Cabinet. Communication with Khartoum has been uu*i. 'utely out off. It is impossible now to communicate either by post or telegraph, so closoly investe 1 is the place hy thu Mahdi's followers. The position of the pooplo and garrison of Berber is desperate. Koroako is surrounded by the Madhi's adherents, and u mas* sacre of the inhabitants is feared. The report respecting tho massacre of Egyptian* near Shendy. was exaggerated. Osman Digna is encamped at Haudouk. Tho Intest a;'cnuuts from Pekin contradict thi report spread abroad, that Prince Kung had com- mitted suloidc. Tho Empress of Germany, who has boen in n deli- cate ututo of health for some time past, is now hu critical condition. Tho rebels who woru captured at Hayti. for taking part in the lute rising in that country, aro being tor- tured and put to death in a horrible manner, br order of tho Government of Hayti. A disastrous firu ocourred lost nighton the Quoon'i Hoad, Bayswater, at tho premises of Whitely, tb* universal provider. All efforts of the firemen to subdue tho flames were unavailing. Tho bair|Hnp were completely gutted, and tito damage amounts to £»< 10,000. Au infernal inaohine containing dynamite, wv exploded at the barracks Dublin, yesterday. Fortu- nately tho explosion proved abortive, end waa unat- tended with any injury to life or property. Tho p°li°° searched tho promises of Patric^r Egan late secretary of tho Irish L and League. Buried ta I the garden, they found plans of tho proposed rlsinj I in Ireland, with a list of arms deiwsited in varloui pluoos. Egan hos been remanded. An exceedingly strong team has been solootcil te play against tho Australians on behalf nf Lori Sheffield, including Graue, Greenfield, Shaw, Ilute Phillips, Shrewsbury, Hornos, Barlow, Ulyott, Harri- son, aud Myoroft. SYDNEY, MONDAY MOKNINO, Tho thirty-third annual commemoration of tht Sydnoy University took plaon on Saturday, and ir« tho most successful yet hold. . A inurdorous nttruy oouurrod on board the barnet Fannie M., lying at Smith's wharf, at 2 o'clock yesterday morning. A mun named Johnson, a bind cook, during a quarrel attack oil tho chief stewart with a knifo. Tho latter had his skull smashed li and rocuivod t-everal stabs about the head, from\b effects of which ho diod In tho hospital Inst night Johnson has heett arrested. The Bishop of Sydney visited St. Paul's College yesterday, and was presented by the Wardon and Fellows with an uddress of welcome. Bourke, alias Donovan, tried for the murder of Franois Beach, at Pottavll, has booti dtsoliargod. A number of gcntloincn mut ut tho Oxford Kotcl on-Huttirday ovening, In refcrenoe to the socond dépolît in the lunteh with Hanlon, on tho Nepean. Ur Bunt oxplnlued tho nwkwutd predioainent he was In, owing to Beach positively refusing to pull exaopt os tho Parramatta Uiver, and Trickett having gong nwnr to Queensland. He asked permission to substitute Laycook's namo, in lieu of Trickett aud Beach. Hu- ían strongly opposed tho alteration. Nearly three hours worn spont in dlsousslng tho proposition. Eventually Hanlnn consented to row Laycock. A second doposlt,nf ¿ño aside was then mado. Fredi articles are to be prepared, ami signori next Saturday. It subsequently transpired that Bench was guarantee! MID» il ho would row on tho Nepean, lint nothing would indtieo him to alter his original intention ol rowing on the Pnvrauiutt t champion eourso only. An imposing roligioui ocrumoninl tool: plnoe in tbt Roman Catholic. Cathedral at Ballarat yestortloT, .when Monsignor Mooro was consecrated Bishop, li euooosslou to tho late Bishop O'Connor. There wai an enormous attendance. Bishop Murray, of Mait- land ¡ Bishop Lanigan, of Goulburn; mid Bishop Torreggiani, of Armidale, itsslslod lu tho services. V'hile tho steamer Normanton was discharging cargo nt Adelaldo curly yesterday morning, a railwy bu Itu;-, weighing half a cwt, foll upon a custom-lions officer, killing him instantly. . .Tho ¿lld intercolonial v. janiur players' cricket match resulted in n drawn gaum lu favour«! tnt former, «'ho soored 1 "ll und 111 in their two inning«; juniors, IUD first innings, and 4 wlakots for IS. Tho Victoria AmnteurTurf Club moetlngon Satur- day was |iaarly attended, owing to tho wet wcntlict. Handicap huidlo rnoo-Yntuly 1, Brenda 2, Damita 1 ll. 8!.« others «turto-I. Tritely carno homo an ce/J winner hy .a length. .Glon Huntloy liniidlcnp Morry Jig I, Mmnder 2, Leshia H. Armidalo hnndl. oap-Mennder i. Ghost 2, Castaway ll, Yatcly not placed. . Tho rain now swim to ho general throughout Ike country. At Bonrto heavy ruin has fallon, mirl et Sydnoy yesternight, lt continuos showery to-day. RYDXEY, MONDAY EVI-ÜÍI.V,. Tho Inquest i ii the- fatal railway occident ni resumed to-day. Thu engine- driver's evidence went to (how thnt tho ticoldent was duo to tho Westing liouso nir tunke failing to not whon applied. Itt further stated that tho limite cc nhl not bu doiioiulol upon. The Inquest was iidjournod till Wednesday. A during, but unsuccessful, attempt at burglar/ was made upon tho promises of tho Australian Mutual Provident Suoiety on Saturday. After tte cxpoudlturo of considerable tiltia, trouble, «til ingenuity Um thieves were foroed to decamp with- out obtaining ;i singlo penny. During tholr |«re gt/jiutlons through thu building, drawers wore opcneil in») denned /int, .olio pigeon bolos. A hole wu forewl in tho safe, hut without avail. Two inen, mates of deceased, have bcou nrmtel in connection with the recent murder at Nyngan, H It is Hill mining, und the weather rory void. v ? 