GEOFFRY STIRLING. ! BY MRS. LEITII ADAMS PROLOGUE.—CHAPTER V. A LOVE-SON;!. As a lark at early morning, so sins the child Hilda, sitting at her work ia tne sunshine— Love is not a feelinj t"> piss n*viy Like the balmy breath of a simmer's d.iy; It is not—it cannot be -l.iid a<'M=>, It iH not a thing to forget or hide. It clings to the heart—ah ! woe mo ! As the ivy clings to the old o.ik-tree. A quaint song truly to be s'.ing by a imiden of such tender years, " quite six BO'V," as she was wont to say with a charming air of complacency atb^ngableto, lay claun to so , much ; and who could foroeai a sunle at the . precocious pathos witn vruich tne last two > lines were given? | Surely the little rogue must have been well ; tutored in that sweet counterfeit of true I love's pain and passion—troubles that still j lay far, far ahead in her bright young life ? j The dolorous lay was sun;; ucder ditiicul- i ties tco. The dark blue ribbon which tied I back Hilda's sunny hair hardly kept the j curling tendrils well, in hand, and truants ! had to be pushed back into au unwilling j captivity every five minutes or so. Then j the work upon which the songster wa? en- j gaged was of such an intricate and respon- j sible character as to require, at critical . moments, that rosy lips should be screwed ! up tight knd a bonnie head held well on one j side. \- - Hilda's — bit of - an arm was thrust • far - into the deepest recesses of a black worsted stocking, and there the wee hind stretched to its utmost to form a frame for that homely kind of needlework called darning. Under and over—under and over—went i the long needle, of which the little woman ; who guided it in the way it should go looked the least bit in the world frightened, while a i beautiful network grew—not without violet j eyes casting wistful looks through the case- ! ment whence came streaming in a fountain of | golden light; not without a big sigh now and : again heaving the baby- bodice. { j " The path of duty is sweet," had been j the last copy in her writing-book ; and Hilda : was in that desirable path at the present i time. But for all that she could not help remembering how still and bright lay the dykes in the sunshine, how charming was the ! jDaper-boat she had made with her ° own deft fingers, and proudly floated there the day . before. ( The bracken was all turning yellow against •i> the rocks. The nuts in the wood were ruddy outside and delicious within. You had but i ; i to jump as high as you could, bring your two hands close together, and—why, there you were, you know, and the nuts too ! What waB the good of thinking of nutting in the woods, under the leaves that -.ve: e all red and yellow, when you ought to i.e giving all your attention to stocking-men ling? •la uneasy hitch of the small three- 1- gged stool on which Hilda was perched was the outward and visible demonstration of this penitent reflection. Hilda had been reared under a system of repression that would have hardened a nature less naturally sweet and tender." As it was" I repression had only saddened the violet eyes \ ' • - - and given them a dreamy softness, strange and tiuu wonderfully mjimrauiiv winning to vo see in ui one so i young. It made you feel that the shadow of a womanhood "to come was for ever over the child, tempering the ready smile of her sensitive mouth, though it had not yet stunted the warm and loving sympathies of the child-heart. Some women are- born with a tendency to idolatry. They idolize, first, a doll, or Bometmng that for lack of a better thing represents a doll; then in time, lover, husband, and children follow. _ Such a nature was folded in the bud of little Hilda's heart. Already an idol was in possession, an idol whose worship was conducted in secret. But at present Hilda's whole soul is centred on her stocking-mending. The last masterly touches given to a finished work are full of a rapture all their own, and Hilda's web o lattice-work was close on completion. It is not—it cannot be—I ud aside, It is not a tiling to forget or hide ; It clings to the heart—ah ! woe is ms! As the ivy clings to the old oak-tree. Again uprose-the sound of the pretty lovelorn ditty, butihi3 time ..the singer, held her work admiringly out at arm's length, and looked at it with her head on oae side as she sang! . . . "Don't be singing foolish songs when you're at works Hilda. The voice came through the halt-open door from a room across the white-stoued passage. "It helps me, mothic, to sing when I'm working." " That is but a foolish fancy; and the song, where did you learn it?" " Miss Alicia taught it me, mothie; she said to stop awhile, yoa know, and sigh— so"— " She. might have taught you. something better while she was about it. If I hear of any more such folly, you shan't go the great 1 j j ii I j j ; ! house any more this side of Christmas." Hildashivered, though the sun was shining so merrily through the lattice-panes, and a robin was singing on the bough of the aDpletree fit to burst his crimson vest. What would the life of any one be who was forbidden to go to Dale End ? The thought was really too stupendous for the mind to grasp. No delicate touching of the keys of the old spinet, awaking a certain gracious tinkling sound that seemed delicious to her ears, while Miss Alicia stood by smiling at the player's delight. No half- timid glancing into wonderful tomes, wherein were pictures, fearsome and beautiful, of knights in gay caparison or deadly fight. No Btories of the ghost in the blue-chamber; no syllabub in the housekeeper's room. What would life be shorn of such delights as these and others akin to them? "I won't sing any more, mothie," said poor Hilda, " if you don't like me to. Ail the same, I think it's a be—ootiful song, and I love Miss Alicia for teaching it me." A pretty mutinous pout steals round the baby-lips that thus utter their small protest; but a sharp slap on the side of the goldenbrown head nearly capsizes Hilda f-om her three-legged throne a moment afterwards, and shows her that there is a price to pay for loyalty to the absent. " Little wilful!" cries Mrs. Devenant, who has hurried across the house-place thus to administer condign punishment. Hilda doubtless smarts under the blow, but shedoes not weep—she does not even complain. She tries to baffle fate by ignoring the knocks it bestows. " When are you going to learn that it is useless to try and get the better of me, with your wheedling ways S" said Mrs. Davenaat. standing .beside her small daughter, tall I splendid, implacable. She was only a farmer's daughter; her brother—honest son of toil—had followed his own plough ; had had friendly rivalries with his neighbours as to stacking corn and gathering in crops of mangel warzels, and was "respected by all who knew him," as the saying goes. He was so much of a gentleman at heart as never to boast that his Bister Hester had " married above her;" indeed, in his own mind he thought she had" made rather a fool of heiself in the matter. He wondered at a man being called by a na--e that seemed by rights to belong to a higher class o£ beings; and glancing furtively at Gabriel Devenant's dark deepset eyes and wild locks, opined within himself that if he claimed kin with an angel at all it wasn't one of the right sort. Being, however, a man given to mind his land and look upon the proper management of cattle as one of the main ends of existence, the young farmer kept a discreet silence on these dclicate point B, Su:h was Hester Devenant's lineage ; and yet she had the mask of a Roman Empress, and the dignity of one bom to the nurple, when she chose to assume it. Nothing more perfect than the way in which her head was set upon her shoulders could well be imagined ; nothing more lovely than the endless coils of dark hair twisted in a rich mass low on her neck—hair that when she sat in a chair and let it fall loose reached to the ground, and lay there a glorious tangle of curls and ripples; none of your limp lifeless locks, but such tresses as one fancies those with which the repentant Magdalene wiped the Divine feet that were wet with the rain of her tears. Strangers looked at Gabriel Devenant's wife, and then said what a beautiful woman Bhe might have been. Only " might have been,- 3 for in her face was all womanly gentleness lacking; neither sweetness nor peace had there tfeeir-dwelling- place. It was the face of a woman at war with all the world, at war with all good impulses, even m -+jT er ii own rature—not unfeeling, but with all good feeling misguided, passionate, aggressive; the eyes dark, defiant, above all, suspicious; the nose chiselled finely, and with those upward curving nostrils that are rare, and rare as beautiful; the mouth cruel, restless, and so marring the perfection of all else, /let those tkm nervous lips smiled sometimes ; cniefly when Gabriel said something which it pleased his wife to hear, cr whtn she stood by Hilda as the child lay sleeping with a flushed cheek resting on a pretty pmk palm, aud the will in abeyance that it was the work of her mother's life to twist and bend as she would. It could not be expected that Mr? Devenant should be a popular woman. O'i the contrary, she was a singularly fricn-Ile-j person. Yet she managed to get h-jr o-.vu w ay as much by fear as others did by lo . e J.l;e people about her feared her bitter tODgiie, and were cautious ho<v thev set it wagging; feared her rcseatment, and were careful not to arouse it IV f.- cr^red to try and cross her will, and yet underlying her life was a tragedy, .. _ She was not what is called young when she married, being five years her husband's senior, and he had then reached his seven-andtwentieth year. She had never had any rustic 0irtatir.es. Never had any village lad ventured on the offering of a Sunday posy, or nudaed her with an amorous elbow, after tne fashion of bumpkin lovers. Tall and stately as one of the pmetrees ou her father's farm, she grew to fullest womanhood, gaining not losing comeliness with eveiy passing year. ' Then she met Gabriel Devenaut, an artist, wandering about tiic grassy lanes and fljvverpied fields in search of " bits" of colour. i That time seemed long ago noA T ; that dear ; dead time, long since laid in its shroud with <lecentl covered dead white face; a thi: ""ag th t h.f d beeu ail(1 wag not a d' ea(1 tlli • • dag upon whose gia; e was written no " resurgam." Hester had loved passionately and madly this slender dark eyed lover of hers ; softene.l for him as s.ie had softened for no other ; became his wife, and then taken the love he bore her into her strong hands, and strangled the life out of it. There it lay, crushed aud dead, and out of it grew a terrible thing, holding in itself the veiy nature of a blight—a thing called toleration. Hester was jealous of everything her husband loved, of every source of pleasure lie fouud „„„„„„ iu life that had not its centre iu herself. r She gr grew h¥ 0 ' e to \l 0 be the bane a:id burden ex • , l ® tencc : was jealous even of in3 art—m time jealous of his child. Reproaches and sneers were dished up to him with every meal—a pungent sauce little to any man's liking. At last he kue.v himself to have become that most despicable thiag— a husband who is pitied for his home-misery and his submission to a woman's tyranny. He grew reckless. The ambition that had once burnt brightly in his heart died out and became bat ashes. He grew moody, fitful, fond of solitary wanderings. His easel was neglected ; he muttered to bimseif as he sat over the fire, and rarely smiled save when littie Hilda crept to his knee aud nestled her head lovingly against his breast. Evil days had come upon the farm that was Hester's rcaiden home. The old farmer died, and, to the atnaze of all, the land was found to be De ' heavily encumDerea encumbered with debt incurred f° r a drunken scapegrace son, seen at uncertain intervals, like a sort of domestic cciiifct of sinister omen, hanging about the place—a sorry sight, but not supuosed to have any influence over his father, and looked upon as a mere excrescence on thefamily-tree, to be tolerated, or lopped off if it became a nuisance to any one concerned. Then the younger brother—he who had thought Hester a fool for marrying the half- foreign man with the outlandish name—gathered himself and his tools together, shook the dust off his feet, and betook himself to the New World, together with an honest lass, who, setting a field-poppy to blow in his button-hole one ruddy autumn evening, told him she'd follow him barefoot round the world," a promise he sealed with a hearty smack of a kiss on lips as red as the poppy itself. So poverty might have come to Gabriel's ?, uain £ ^ house among the dykes (for ^ugh Hester was the thriftiest of women, whats the use of being thrifty if you ve nothing_to „„_. „' J •.«•_ tV be thrifty It on?], Y- <>, but —. —T. that — J 11 * * patrimony, small in itself, but enough and more than enough for the requirements of that modest household. People said this stroke of fortune had a bad effect on Gabriel; that where he had once tried to do a little work, now he did none. His hand, though given to shaking sadly, had not lost all itB cunning. His eyes, though often strangely fiimy and apt to waver as they met yours, could still brighten at the sight of a mellow sunset or the glint of sunshine upon a fruit-laden bough, and his pictures found a ready sale with the dealers. "He might do something," said Pecklington, shaking its many heads, and to this the select circle at the Safe Eetreat replied— "Ay, ay ; so he moiglit," taking the pipes from their lips to let the asseveration hive way. (To be continued.) I j j ! j 