Orthodoxy of Heart. NY DE. PARKER. (We reprint the following abridgement of Br. Parkers Address before the Cungrcgativiial Union of England• and Wales from ottr excellent contemporary, the Southern Cross.) Now abideth Sect, Speculation, and Goodness, but the greatest of these is Goodness. I resolved to suggest that in this and every age I he noblest power of Christ's Church—using the term Church in its most inclusive sense—is not so much orthodoxy of speculative opinion, or orthodoxy of polity, as orthodoxy of heart, not that the one necessarily excludes the other, but that, unhappily, the one does not always include the other. Be it mine to speak of the culture of the HEART, and to show how true is the doctrine of Longfellow— It if tlie IlKAKT. ami not tin* brain, That to tlie liiglicel ilotli attain. Instead of intending my subject to 1 lirow into unfavourable contrast what is known as doctrinal knowledge, I mean to teach that whatever is metaphysically wrong can never be practically right ; for a time it may seem to be so; for a time it may even work as if it were so ; but in tlie result—sometimes far off—it will be shown that only the metaphysically true is the eternally enduring. This is the ground on which Christianity calmly claims the ultimate rule of human thought: iLs modernuess is in its antiquity : its practical replies are in its metaphysical depths : its Lamb was slain before the foundation of the world : and it fills all time simply because its Author " inhabilcth eternity." So the sulijecL is no loose pebble lying oil the common road, but a living stone in a living temple resting on living foundations ; yea, more: it is the lopstone, laid on amid shoutings of joy, the stone without which the temple would be a mournful failure. (Cheers.) DOGMA AX1) liOCTBINE. Whilst thus vitally connecting results with causes, and assigning its proper place to doctrinal knowledge, we must Dot wonder if the word " dogma" has fallen into ill-repute in some quarters. That word has been cruelly used. Etymologic-ally no fault is to be found with the word, but we can hardly deny that spiritually it has often been perverted. When we liear of " the dogma of Infallibility," " the dogma of the Immaculate Conception," and " the dogma of Auricular Confession," we can understand how the application of the term in other directions may awaken suspicion or even provoke resentment. We are bound to consider not only the etymology of words, but the historical servitude they have undergone, and the habits they may be said to have contracted. Protestantism may very well explain the fear which is sometimes excited by (lie word " dogma." 1 do not class the love of the Father, the priesthood of Christ, the ministry of the Holy Ghost., and the Divine forgiveness of sin, with " the dogma of Infallibility," and talk of them all in common as "dogmas.'' They are more to me than the word "dogma" can even etymologically express, mid infinitely more than the word " dogma " can theologically signify; they are the very life of my heart, the breath of inspirit ; the bread which I eat in secret; the mysterious blessing which varying figures can but faintly typify : to attempt to include l heir meaning in any form of words is to limit, the Holy One of Israel, and block out from the soul's wistful eyes—every look a speechless prayer— the spaces on which 110 line can be laid, and. the lights which make eternal day. (Loud cheers.) To my own mind it is no frivolous distinction which separates the script ural word " doctrine " from the scholastic word "dogma." There is a limitation about the word "dogma" which seems to me to bear the finger-prints of the pedaut or the priejl, and Protestants have no love for either of them in his professional capacity. " Doctrine," on the other hand, is a wide and solemn word : all the four seasons of the year are in it ; it is a solemn challenge to the huinun mind ; it is charged with the surprise and the peace of a continual revelation; it is no priest-trimmed word which the spiritual tyrant has measured, settled, and monopolised by his impious seal, it is God's word in which is the hiding of llis own secret, and yet a recognition of the dignity of the human mind. A CAUTION AGAINST MERE SENTIMENT. There are people who admire what they mistakenly call "simplicity • " they shun intellectual toil; they would be lulled into spiritual slumber; they wish to shed inexpensive tears; they think Christianity is an emotion, and that religion is a " frame of mind." You must not. confound Orthodoxy of Heart with such conceptions of simplicity, for it has no relation to them and certainly no sympathy with them. In the true sense of the term wc all aim at simplicity, but not of the simplicity of shallowness. No Christian preacher can be as simple in the pulpit as he would wish to be, because he must address himself t o the duplicity of tlie human mind. The mysterious hearer makes the mysterious preacher. There was one commandment in Eden, there were ten commandments on Sinai. There are ten commandments not because virtue is divisible into ten mysteries, but because vice has made ten att empts to break through tlie golden circle of obedience. It is vice that occasions the complexity. It is so in every circle and relation of life. If, for example, good behaviour is so simple and so easy, how does it come that we need so many parliamentary enactments, so many pleaders of every name and grade, and a legal system so intricate and punctilious? Do not blatue righteousness for the mystery, hut blame human depravity. It is not because good behaviour is so recondite that only minds of the first order can aspire to its comprehension, hut because vice is 6o wily, so unscrupulous, and so fertile in mean expedients, that it must be watched and met and foiled at every point. It is precisely so in religious thinking. Hence the need for men in (he church who are acquainted with the whole history of human thought on religious questions, who shall be set for the defence of the gospel and the vindication of its divine simplicity. Intellectual simplicity, like moral orthodoxy, is the last expression of a long, and it may be, painful process. FALSE SIMPLICITY. When I hear of a preacher who is " so simple," and especially one who is " so very, very simple," 1 mentally wonder what exact signification is to be attached to the word. Is he a simple preacher who gives the mind no trouble, who never challenges the attention with great questions, and in whose fluent words there is neither back ground nor perspective ? People toll us that tlie preaching of Jesus Christ was simple, but I have not been able to discover any " simplicity " in their sense of the word. When was He simple? Hear Him : "No man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in lieaven." " Except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God." Nicodemus d'id not consider this " simple " preaching. " My Father worketh hitherto, and I work." " Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink liis blood, ye have no life iu you. Whoso eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life ; and I will raise him up at the last day." The Jews did not consider this "simple" preaching. Where is the shallow simplicity ?" We are referred to the parables. " How simple the parables of the shepherd, the sower, the fisher, the prodigal, the Samaritan! " Not at all. The parables dimly represent something beyond themselves. Some preachers, it may be, like some hearers, never get beyond the words of the parables, but in reality the parables were intended to reveal a Kingdom! Without that Kingdom the parables never would have been spoken ; go to praise the simplicity of the parables, and to overlook the mystery of the Kingdom, is to miss the whole purpose of their author. We must take care lest we bring down the Kingdom to the parable, rather than lift up the parable to the Kingdom. (Loud cheers.) THE UNANSWERABLE ARGUMENT. There may be an answer to theology, but there is no answer to godliness. (Cheers.) Men may wrangle in high words about forms, phrases, and ceremonies, and thus give the enemy many an advantage; but they can never gainsay the patience that displaces murmuring by prayer, the sacrifice that amounts to self-obliteration, the love that covenants for no reward, and the magnanimity that is most magnanimous where there is most to be forgiven. I know not of any ghastlier irony than the life of a man who is orthodox in intellect and heterodox in heart. That is the deadly schism which rends the body of Christ. Think of a man boasting of his orthodoxy as to the mysterious constitution of the Godhead, and yet serving the devil in sccret sin. (Cheers.) Men have been expelled from the church for heresy, for drunkenness, for adultery, for theft; but who has ever been expelled for pride, for hardness of heart., for worldliness of mind, for bitterness of spirit, for self-righteousness, for contempt of the poor, or for ceusoriousness of speech ? In escaping the vulgarity of crime we may have yielded ourselves to the refinement of sin. We must not forget that more is said iu the Bible against pride than against drunkenness, and against an unforgiving spirit than against intellectual I heresy, and we must caution ourselves against the subtle danger of escaping those appeals under the lying pretence that they are commonplaces of Christian education. With a theology so vast, so sublime, yet so practical, calling us to all that is mysterious and ghostly in adoration, summoning the soul into the inmost sanctuary of the invisible God—without a shape on which to rest the affrighted eye, or a line on which to lay the trembling hand ; calling us onward and upward through a silence that makes our very breathing a conscious trespass, and through a light from whicti our very purity shrinks in shame,—with a theology so practical as to search our hidden life as with fire, to test our standards and balances, to bring our words to judgment , and to track our daily course with the criticism of God,— with a theology demanding personal incarnation in fellowship and service, charging us with the sacred trust of representing Christ to a hostile world, and constantly charging us to prove the reality of our faith by the sincerity of our love,—with such a theology handed to us by the inspired penmen for exposition and exemplification, who does not see that high above all other qualifications—even prophecy, tongues, mysteries, and all knowledge—must stand in holy favour and solitary privilege the PUUE HEAKT that alone can see God. (Loud cheers.) The one business of Christianity is to SAVE men. It is not to dazzle them by wit, to astound them by information, or to amaze them by ecclesiastical inventiveness; it is to SAVE men ! Tlie true apostle must ever say, "I determined not. to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and Him crucified." The heart is the preacher,—" not. with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect,—but with tlie yearning love, the burning and unquenchable passion, which seeks to " SAVE some." (Cheers.) A CITY OF UNBELIEVERS. To make this purpose a little clearer to the imagination, let us for a moment gather together our intellectual opponents and constitute them into a separate citv, and call the city the metropolis of Cnbelief. What is our distinct and solemnly responsible relation as Christian men to that city? Is it enough to taunt its gods, to return the fire of its raillery, to scatter its sophisms, to daze it with intellectual miracles, and prove t he staleness of its originalities? All this may fairly be done: probably most of this ought to he done ; perhaps this might first of all require to be done ; my contention is that what is of infinitely greater importance should be resolutely attempted, whatever ridicule the holy endeavor may provoke. We are to light a candle, and sweep the house diligently until we find tlie piece that is lost; we are to leave the ninety and nine, and go after that which is gone astray until we find it; we are to preach the gospel to every creature, " to make the Gentiles obedient by word and deed, by the power of the Spirit of God." Only the HEART can rise to the greatness of so sublime a task. I am too well aware that disputation is more popular than appeal and entreaty, and that a proposal to pray for the City of Unbelief is not unlikely to provoke the laughter of contempt. We prefer " excellency of speech;" we are by nature and by imperfect education disposed towards "enticing words of man's wisdom prizes are offered for "the wisdom of words," and our vanity longs to commune on equal terms with "the princes of this world." But where the heart is in a right state before God, tender, grateful, holy, answering in every throb the appeals of the cross of Christ, and counting all t hings loss that it may win the Saviour's love, it must for ever be constrained, even to aching and sore travail, by a Christly yearning for the salvation of those who oppose themselves, a solicitude, yea an agony, which will instantly follow up brilliant intellectual retorts by the so-called " foolishness of preaching," and the despised commonplace of prayer. (To be Concluded,.) 