Gooel JPradjBj- Services. Yesterday morning1 Dr. Barry preached at St. John's, Dariinghnrat, from the text PhiUippians ii., v. 9, 10, 11—' Wherefore God also hath highly ex alted him, and given him a name which is above every name; that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of- things, in heaven, and thiogg in earth, and things under tt^e, earth; and that er?ry tongue should confess that Xeens Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father ;*' and. ColosBiansii., 14, 15,— ' Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the' way, nailing it to his cross; and having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it.' The other clergy present were — The Revs. A. W. Paul, E. G. Cranswick, and ' B. Eilton. In the evening the . Eev. Thos. Kemmis - delivered the sermon- At the Cathedral Dean Cowper preaoked in the morning from John I. 29, ' Behold the Lamb of God which taketh caway the sin of the world.' Mr. Montague -Tonnger presided at the organ, and the f ollowiiitr was the order of musical service :— Intro- ductory voluntary, 'He was despised' (Messiah), Handel; special Psalms, 22, 40, and 54; 'TeDeum,' Woodward, in D ; ' Jubilate,' Sir F. G. Ouseley, in C ; ? hymn 163. 'Behold the Lamb of God who bore ;' hymn 166, ' We sing the praiae of Him who died ;' concluding voluntary, 'Behold ihe Lamb of God,' (Messiah), Handel. The evening service was attended by a vast congregation, which filled the Cathedral to overflowing-. JtLis Exellenoy .Lord Augustus Loftus, Lady Loftus, and Bishop Hale, were amongst those present. Dr. Barry chose for his text John six., 30 — 'Jesus said, 'It is finished/ and He bowed His head and gave up the ghost:' The following was the. order of mueical service :— ' Voluntary, ' He was despised ; '? special psalms, 69 and 88 ; Magnificat, Barnby, in E ; Nuno Dimittis, Foster, in F ' sharp minor ; hymn 176, ' When I survey the wondrous Cross ;' hymn 379, ' Weeping aa they «o their way ?' concluding voluntary, ' Surely Ho hath borne our griefs,*' and ' With His stripes.' At the various other churches services suitable to the season took place, and were attended by large and devout congregations. 