Sclctteb STalcs anb S&etdjra.; An Ocean Waif. (By a Seafarer.) I was second mate at the time," began _Jr. Humphry Roband, who related to le the following story, " and our vessel ^ps a barque, named the Eagle. We ~pre bound from Newport, in Monmouth 5»ire, to Cape Town with a cargo of iron, 'id then'we were to go on to Melbourne, ad thence to Gallao. Besides me, there M Captain Blsckett, the master, and [f. Josiah Bitting, the chief mate, along ■th fifteen or sixteen hands forward, in uding the idlers; and, taking us all |tuad,r-don't think that ever a better hp's company sailed out of an English )rt. There wasn't a foreigner among j| ( thero was no growling, no loafing; erything was done quickly and with a U, and it was not only a pleasure to e an order but a happiness to watch [e execution of it. Well, we left New rt on a Monday afternoon, and went ay down the Bristol Channel into the tic Ocean, under all plain sail, in finest of weathers. For near upon a jht there was nothing but bright overhead and blue water under us, feathery by the whipping of the ezes which blew, sometimes Nor'-East sometimes Nor'-West, coming now 6|jd again a trifle fresh, but never so mg aa to cause us once to furl the main day or night. We saw nothing of trade wind till we were in about lati ide SO degrees North, and then, after owing us along for a spell, it failed ua e morning with a slowly falling glass . je^ong ugly grey swell coining out of J Sou'-West, and a sort of dirty blue sky ihmed o'er with haze that ought have H-as-v'd for the drainings from smelters' "ikrmiea. Amid this the sun hung like a jige jelly fish, a shapeless oozing of ightness, with scarce enough of power him to put a streak of light to the brow of the swell that swung .ving up tall out of the near horizon, ith summits that seemed to be trying to h the yellow stain he made out of the .ult of the sky. There was a queer ill of decayed marine vegetable matter ut, which came up in whifis when the of the barque made white water ttgride, and, spite of the sky being thin ough to let the ghost of the sun show Jtrpugh, there was a look overhead that Jade you think that; if it was night, you'd i«e green lightning playing about the fkastheads, like the darting of the phos ' porous from the ship's side in black r cater when you're in the tropica and the i light lies dead upon the breathless bosom |f the ocean. 11 " Well, what these plain signs beto kened came to pass right enough. The )'lass went on dropping, and the swell | mme along in a wilder and angrier roll, Jitil at (hree o'clock that afternoon there | as scare more daylight visible than you'll Ad in the last fingerings of twilight on .'lore. We were snugged down to lower ^psails, the yards square, for there was 19 call to brace them one way or another ,2\en for hours there hadn't been a breath wind, no, sir, not so much as to give a tter to the vane at the royal masthead, .ving what the barque gave herself by of her long spars. All hands oh deck, standing by, knowing that was bound to happen, bat in of guessing from what quarter it b toeome. It was as much as we could one another's faces. The strain and rigging was something the rolling, and in the gloom yon oould hear the creaking and •, the squealing of sheaves, the panels and trusses. At four lock or thereabouts the wind swept upon us in a body, right in the of the swell. It was wind at first, i'fbecame a moving wall in a short pod before the clewlines could be ,fhe foretopaail Mew up and Must smithereens, just like one of those halls when filled top folL It a .tempest. I, who have seen ■ feaifnlweather in my time, will | my affidavit that a worse storm of { " juever raged than that. It picked ! WVf^ai up and made wheels of the waves layt looked—I don't say they were—but; ranfrookedto be forty or fifty feet high, ies, tSagle was full of .iron, very deep, and heav%, taking in tuns of water Ddrmzd, so that the nuderdeck forecastle Jb scarcely to be come at by the men ugh the scuttle. In the troughs, Sis weather polls, the barque M> far to the windsrard that , enough to make the oldest eea pn hold his breath to look at the curl Wecuh*B -»i» jer it was passible that she could hoist outclear of that terrific white, roar jfrlirg arch before it rolled its enor volume clean overher. But the mgle was a good sea-boat, having a flair how that forced the head surges to jjfco* her up, and a swell of the sides " osde her cork-like on the lean of a -foot hill of water. . Had she been ordinary tank-shape it must have all froth to ten feet above the with the watch on dfrfr in. the tqgging and the master and mates a k>ok-ontin the cabin and con bythe tell-tale. 'For three days we had tenible wea ; then it broke, the wind veered to East, and after blowing a double ad topsail breeze for twenty^fpur 'UTs settled away in the North-East blew along steady and bright again M the trade wind. It was a Wednes •y» the morning watch, and I had charge the deck. Daybreak found us under a retopmast stun' sail, the sky clear, and in East as green as moonlight with the j® dawn. The sea was calm, the Trade oud« rolling in puffs of vapour athwart te stam overhead and in the West, and be horizon a fine as you could produce f the sweep of a pair of compasses pped in Indian ink. I stepped oyer -Joe ward to have a look at the sea under j 4 toot of the main «*il, and just 'then j is* of the sun jutted up and sent a | long beam of silver light flashing across the ocean, the extremity of which spark led upon an object that appeared white and glistening in the radiance. It bore about four points on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She was a vessel, of what rig I could not dis tinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and then had another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not be sure, though the small canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I reported the sail to him. He pointed the telescope at her and said, ' it seems a. case of distress. Your right's better than mine; have you made out anything resembling a colour ?' ' No, sir.' ' Well, we will bear down and see what's the matter. Keep her away, he called out to the fellow at the wheel; and at the same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This was done, and the vessel brought about a point on our lee bow. It was not long before we were able to make her very plainly with the glass. It was now seen that she was a small full-rigged ship of about 800 tons; her three lower topsails and topmast staysail and her wheel and all her boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower "i™" rigging the Unglish en sign had been seized, union down, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, mak ing as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a wmn could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a sharp look out for anything that ahould resemble a human being; but there was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish deckhouse aft, and the remains of another one forward. There was not much swell, on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slow slant now and again that hove a apace of her wet aide into the sun, and made her flipiti out like a beacon. ' She looks to be abandoned, air,' says I to the captain. ' Why yea; that's her appearance, cer tainly,' says he. ' But it'a a fine morn ing ; no harm can be done by your stop ping aboard and giving her a brief over haul.' So the barque's maintopsail was laid to the mast, a boat lowered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over the rail after me, leaving one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raffle, ropes, staves of casks, and the like; the main hatches were off, as if the crew had been jettisoning her cargo ; her port bulwarks forward of the main rigging were smashed flush with the deck ; and ritogether Bhe had the most wrecked and strained ap pearance that almost ever I saw in a ves sel afloat I put my hand to my mouth < and sang out, 'Anybody aboard here?' but the only answer that came was the sound of the streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the babbling and washing , noise of the water over the ride. ' No fear as to her not being aban doned, sir,' aays one of the men. * An empty coffin couldn't be more destitoot of life.* I stepped to the door of the deck house, and looked in. There was no ap pearance of injury there. A table went down it with fixed chain on the one aide and a locker on the other; and on the port aide was a row of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of the deckhouse swung open, and I and the two men peered in; and then says I, 'I'll just step in, and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was no name on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her1 stern was under water; but scarce had I uttered the above observation when a sort of thin wailing cry came from one of the cabins. 'Hillot' say| one of my men, * the crew have gone and left poor pussy behind.' 'Pussy 1' says I, who had caught the cry very dearly, and heard a note in it there was no miriaktng; -'that'sno cat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to the cabin from which the sound appeared to come, and opening the door saw just the kind of sight my mind seemed to have been -prepared, by the cry we had heard, to witness. The cabin was a bit of a box with a scuttle | over the topmost of a couple of bunks, j There were some female garments on Hie deck, along with an infant's feeding bot tle, broken, and a few other domestic odds and ends only met with at sea when -there there are women aboard. As we -entered,' a second small wailing cry came - from the upper bunk, and looking, we espied a dead woman in. it, with her right _ ann east round a baby ;nine: or ten months old. It was impossible to tell that she was dead till we drew close and saw the signs plain. She was a young woman, not more .than six or seven and tyenty, her hair yellow; and in life I don't doobt she had been pretty enough, bat now h^ Jfee was eo strangely white thtA. gibe might have passed for a figure ^^ted ^ plaster of Paris. The baby i too young to sit up; he lay—it was a at—he lay inhis dead mother's arm, ra^;||)wf-m again the queer cry we had first heard, wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying for hours, X picked him up ont of the bunk, abd found him wet through, and his flesh lilrn Stone for the cold. His mother's J dothes—if the woman were his mother, which I don't doubt—were streaming wet I too, and this made us suppose that she luul been driven from the deck by the washing water, and had entered her cabin arid down to die there. "The men spoke hurriedly about how it came to pass that these two should have fawn left alone in the wreck. Who was 1 she? I paid there was no accounting for what happened at sea. She might have ■ beffli the wife of the master who was 1 drowned in the storm, and left no one to i look after her; or all hands might have farliihAfl in getting the boats over; or the crew might have forgotten her when they put off; there was no telling. There lay, the woman dead I said; and I gave the | baby to one of the men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled off my coat to wrap the little chap up in, for he trembled like a shivering bird with the cold, and kept on wailing, as if our handling him and the sound of our voices had put a bit of life into him. We looked hurriedly into the other cabins but they were empty, and we could find no papers. There was no good bringing the dead mother along with us to bury ; the ship she was in was her rightful coffin, and being very deep, with her main hatch open, I rightly rec koned that the next bit of sea that got up would rink the wreck fast enough. I don't say X didn't mumble a prayer as I came away holding the little chap. It was an affecting sight to see that young woman lying there so lonely—quite re cently dead as we might suppose by her little one being alive ; and when I took a last peep at her I almost felt as if she knew that I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat and shoved 'off for the barque that lay bove-to waiting for us about'half-a-mile to leeward. 'What have you there Mr. Roband f sings out Captain Blackett, lean-1 ing over the tail. 'A baby, air,' I an swers, and I pulled my cost open a bit to let him see the little face inside of it. 'Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands, ' Look sharp and get aboard.' All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and there was a deal of hoarse whispering among the men as they pressed forward to see the waif. I car ried him to the captain—the worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart that ever sailed a ship; he pulled off his cap as if awed by die misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as. he gazed down upon it. * And the mother lies dead yon der, Mr, Roband,' says he, pointing to the wreck. 'Ay, sir,* says I. 'God re ceive her!' says he. ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband V 'Wby, I have two of my own,* I an swered, ' but I was so much away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we have to do with this baby,' says I, ' is to feed him and get him warm at once.' ' Then take him be low—take him below, Mr. Roband,' cries the captain in a tremulous voice. * Give; liim your attention, sir, and never mind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshape condi tion.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sang out to the steward to help me to undress him, for the thought of hand-, ling th'B frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a' 2000 ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and my fingers were square-ended, and we had to be veiy careful in hauling out the safety pins and dealing the little chap of the things he was dressed in. fie cried so I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him; but the steward said, ' No I know the nature of infants; it would be ; unnatural if they didn't cry ; it's a fashion their lungs have of growing.' * Are you sure? says L 'Cocksure,' says he ; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Ro band V When the baby was wrapped up in one of my old flannel shirts, that be | ing softer than any blanket we had aboard, | the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at the galley fire ; and whilst I was sitting waiting for the Btewaxd with the baby on my knee, the captain comes in. ' God help this poor little one !' says he; I ' what age do you take him to be, Mr. ! Roband? 'Not .a year old,' says L 'Not a year old!' he cried ; ' how wonder- { ful are the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed in a storm, that, may be, I has drowned all the rough and sturdy fel- I lows who filled that vessel. It's like see-, ing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas j amid whose hollows yon see the little stormy petrel securely flying.' The stew-! ard arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to to feed baby. I tried my hand, but it was no good; I couldn't get the millr down his throat; it capsized down his neck, and his being i ravenous and crying made the' job more ! difficult. .'Here, give me hold sir,' says the steward; so X put the baby on his ( knee. Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the the little 'un, and after a bit the little chap fell asleep, whereupon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. "Sir, we had some hope of his thriv ing alter this. He was a sort of trial in his way, for he wanted washing, dressing, feeding, and looking after, and it came hard upon ub, who .hadn't the fingers nor. the understanding for such work, fie waa a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an infant; blue as the heavens under which we were sailing, and a lovely little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to ' my turn to undress him Td let bim lie naked on a flannel shirt stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make ban laugb, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea down my cheek, would make me feel that I was act ing the fool, and allowing the thoughts of my home and of this bairn's loneliness to trouble me too much, fie had but the clothes we found him in; so the captain and I gave each of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a chap named Claw, to make intoacouple of suits of linen for the baby; and this and a knitted waistcoat, and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs, kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him, We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on the ensign when the weather was fine and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the barque more hu man than ever I thoughts vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feel ing in us all; and you'd see the moving fancies he'd put into the men when they'd creep aft—and I never pretended to no tice them—to have a look at the little 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've seen them squirt overboard from the quarter deck after watching the baby, as if their hearts were too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, sir, there came an end to thia It must have been the cutting of a ! tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it; and we thought him all right, and I left him sleeping and looking com fortable enough in my bunk, whilst I went on deck. We were then in latitude 28\. S., in the tail of the trade wind. I had been on deck two hours, when the steward came up through the companion, and approaching me slowly and speaking very solemnly, he says: ' Mr. Roband,' he says, 'little' Jimmy'—that was the name he went by—' little Jimmy,' he j says. ' has gone to jine his mother.' I started and stud, * What's that yon say ?' He answered, 'Our little un's dead, sir.' I ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at the baby that lay a corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sir, and the sight broke - me down, and one or two heaving aobs came from me, no more to be helped by i me than the tightness in my throat. Oh, sir, it was' as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had cherished and looked , after had died of the Cape cold in spite of your love. Only this was an immortal being, a fellow creature, a little baby that! we had plucked from the very brink of an ocean grave into which his mother's dead embrace was dragging him ; and we had learned to love him. ' He is gone!' said Captain Blackett; ' 'tis God's will, Mr. Roband. We did our duty by him—we could not .have done more.' ' We may take it sir that his mother wanted him,' says the steward. ' Ay, steward, and her entreaty has been answered,' says the cap tain with a glance aloft. " I could not take any hand in equip ping the little mite for his funeraL I was too much upset, sir. The sailmaker made a tiny hammock for him, and they put his tiny hands together, and smoothed the little wreaths of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed him in clean things; and, before he was stitched up, all hands lay aft to say good-bye, and ne'er a man among them that entered the cabin but stopped to give the little cold face a kira before leaving. We kept him till nest day, and buried him after eight bells bad been made. It was a green, windy, glis tening morning ; the emerald seas ran at us, melting in froth as they came; and the shadows of the men gathered around the gangway, swayed at our feet as the barque rolled over the surges, and as the dancing sun darted beams like spears of light from the clouds through which he swung. Oh, Bir 3 the contrast of that little hammock upon the grating with the huge grave that was to receive it! The Bervice was almost more than some of us could bear; I'd see the men turn their heads away; and look down, and when at last it came to the passage that's a signal at sea for the tilting of the body into the water, we all let our breath out in a sob as the tiny hammock sped like a snowflake over the Bide and van ished in the slant of a sea whose breaking summit dashed a rainbow over the spot." 