THE CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF BALLAEAT. . Our esteemed correspondent 'Throe Cornered JJ has sent us a lengthy and interesting account of tho proceedings at; tho consecration of tho Bight Rev. Dr. Moore. Wo gave our readers our own report of tho ceremony laat woek, and we rogret we cannot now spare spaco for more than a por tion of our correspondents article : — It is a little over a year Binco that distinguished prelate, the lato Right Rev. Dr. O'Connor, first Bishop of Bullarat, was colled to his reward; and that touching aod imprjsnivo ceremony of tho Month's Mind which took place in March, 1S83, seemo to ha*e been but yesterday to those 'who were present at it. Tho impress of his piuty and learning and of his numberlsss acts of charity have surely left their mark on this community. Not only was the late lamonted prolate beloved by hia own, the children of tho Catholic faith, but he waB also held in the highest esteem by all who knew him, irrespective of creed or couni ry. To fill the place of so dittinguished a man vas indeed a difficult task, bufe happily the Holy See found in tho person of hia Vicar- General one eminently and peculiarly qualified to confcinao tho good work which had been already commenced in tho new diocese. Monoignor Moore, whose silver jubiljo aa a priott was oo recently celebrated, hau upont tho major portion of his clerical life in the province of Victoria and about four-fifths in tho city of Ballarat. While under his control tho then parish advanced rapidly, and ultimately became of so much importance tha1; it was doomod necessary to tranuforin it into a Soo under tho title of tho Diocese of Balloivit. Dean Moore on the occasion of this change vinifcod Romo and returned with tho lato Biohop und with tho dignity of Doctor of Divinity; since then ho has filled the position of V.G., and his great tact and exccllint management have aided greatly to place tho dioeeoe in tho very sitiufactory otate that it now in. In view of tho approaching ceremony, the city of Ballarat was in a utato of excitomont for Borao days, visitors from the metropolis and tho adjoining colonios coming in ouch numbers as to testify to the importance of tho occasion and thoir zeal for the faith. Sunday morning, tho 27th April, broke bright and clear, and long boforo 10 o'clock, tho hour appointed for tho commence ment of the ceremony, St. Patrick's was crowded to tho utmoot, tho peopio aseombting in thounanda of all denominations. At the appointed hour . whilst tho beautiful and impr.iSRivo tones of tho '?Jlyrie Eleison' porvadod tho building, a pro cession which had been formed in tho sacristy, and consisting of 40 a^olytea, tlnmfor, a largo number ot priests, ana t,ue DisnopB, noaaon ny mio crosobearer, Father S -anlim, paaaod through tho Lady Chapel and into tho sanctuary ; tho non ofltciating biahups horo look thoir placeo on tho opposite aido of tho church, and immodiat'ly at'torwards tho procoFQion proceeded down tho navo of tho Cathodral to tho groat door, whoio tho Bishop-eloct and his awbisting prolate?, Hobart and Adolaide, were reseivod. Tho Binhop-olocb took tho o.ith of obedionco to tho Holy Soo, and tho Mao3 was then commonctd. After tho Epistlo was sung, tho Archbishop aga;n boing oeat ad, tho Bishop-elect, kneeling, h.d placed on his shoulders the Missal, and the three pivlates laid hands on him, invoking, at tho sa:no time, tho Holy Spirit, ' Acoipe Spiritum Sane tuna.' (' Kei e;vo the Holy G-hoat.') Then the oil of conoecration waa poured on his head, which was afterwards bound with a linen band ; hij bands, too, wore similarly anointod. and bound. Tho Litanies were chanted, and the graud hymn, ' Veni Creator Spiritus,' said. This portion of the ceremonial was moat improBsive, it having a visible effect on the whole congregation, and, as the eloquent proaehor afterwards said, when referring to tho similarity of tho occasion with that of Timothy and TituB, in the time of the Apostles, ''The Holy Ghost did como down, and did in truth enter into tho aoul, signing it with tho samo indtlttl'j mark — tho oamo episcopal characters He signed in the beginning on tho souls of tho apostles.' Evon Nature scorned to lond hcraelf to emphasize this act of consecration, for at this particular juncture, when tho solemnity of tho service was at its height, there suddenly gleamed through an open window in tho north transept a single ray of sunshine with a momentary brightnoes, that, while it lusted, abed, as a light from heaven, a warmth and lustre on this nover to bo forgotten scone. Thio bright and visible omen of God'a grace was indeed a beautiful coincidence, and l'oresha;lowod well that this now pillar of God'a Church on earth would bo ono of light and life everlasting. Beforo tho Ia3t gospel, the new Bishop was arrayed in mitre, gloves, ring, cro33 and crozier, and afterwards led by his Grace to tho Throne. Tho 'To Deum' wao then sung, and the mass finished, tho ceromony having taken three hours and a quarbor. 