Cricket Chatter. By Mid-ofp. News Local. Are we going to have a big crowd to-day at the Griffith Bene fit Cricket Match in the Gardens ? Are the people of Brisbane and the surrounding districts eoing to show their hospitality and-their sympathy foi^the Wiiow And fatherless, by r-dliiier up in great witness the match between Ipswich and Brisbane at a game of cricket, and help to send a goodly sum to Mrs. Griffith ? I hope they are, and if the weather is fine there should be a large assemblage. Probably, the game will start at noon, and there will be a good wicket in readiness, and plenty of first-class cricket should be the result. Ipswich has selected its team, nnd the following are the names Charlie Martin, who nlayed so well against the Australian Eleveu : J. Martin, W. Young, T. Dvor, J. M D «nald, J. J. Wells, D. Watson. H. Skinner, W. Harper, E. Hutton. and A. E. Hard akfr. Emergencies: W. M'Mnrdy and C. He^arfc.y. Sjine of these men I know to be good, others I know little about, but they will, have to defend the attacks of the Brisbane bowling with plenty of judgment, i! a lone score is to be thea-e^ult. -I look forward to see Mar'in opeu his shoulders :and score well. Dyer is an old player, with a rather peculiar style, yet he ought to score. W., Young, too, I hear a lot spoken about.: Wells does not play a bad game; in fact, he bats with a lot of patience, but he i9 rather stout to xnake a Ion? score. If he can keep up his wicket and let others score it will suit the purpose.. Wat son can hit if he gets set. And now for the Brisbane eleven. Who are they to be ? If I had anything to do with picking the team, the following would be the names:—L. G. Dixs >n, Russell Dixson, Lainsf, Rosser, Stanford, Wearne, Kettle. Per kirs, Frank Goertz. Voller, and Clancy or Hitchcock. Sheri dau being unwell I have not named him. These are the men. in uiy opinion who ought to play for Brisbane, judging from their present form. The Selection Committee-cannot better that team much. If the day is fine, the Association fully expects to take £30 at the gatos, and I hope its expectations will be realised. The Secretaries of the senior clubs met at Sheridan's Cricketing Depot the other evening to arrange matches for the coining season, "the first club matches are set down for 1st and 8$i prox., hetween'the Brisbanes and Unions, and Alberts and Q. N. Bank. Both these events ought to be worth seeinev I,see;nqma*ch has been arranged with Ipswich, but am told that several matches will be arranged with that town all the same. I trust1 in the interests of cricket that such will be the case.and thatlpswicli will not be forgotten. A mixed -,eleven of the Valley Club journeyed to Toowong last Saturday, and' put a miked team of the Umoji Athletic •C; C. through their facing's; : Whalley played the best game of the day. This batsman has a pretty style, and I look upon, him as one of the " coming" men. His seore of 24;was well obtained. The others Kho reached double figures for the Valley were Leeson, who slogged merrily for 27,. Kitchen ,17; W. Brotherton 13, and: sMetcalf 10. '- All out for 113. ; The Unions, going to the wiekets, put up 69, Irbie playiusin gobd style fox 20 5 Haldaxie supporting him with 18, while.Moore and Cairncross each made ¥1. The Valley won W runs. Hitchcock, the Valley wieketkeeper, was sharp behind the sticks. For the Unions, Cairncross took most wickets j and for the opposing side, Kiteben and Kelly. The Bulimba Cricket Club, which has just joined the Asso ciation, tackled the second Brisbanes in the Queen's Park last Saturday, and made a.gojd show in its first match. Tbe Brisbanes went first to bat., and were not all dismissed until 117 appeared on the scoring 'bdard. And we are told " Cricket is not improving in BrisUaue." Bah! Bah 1, to such expres sions. The Bulimba eleven, composed principally of the Crouch brothers put their shoulders to the wheel, and 61 was the out come of thefirst inuiugs—difference, 53. Never mind, Bulimba boys you did not fare much worse than the Unions did at the band's of the boys of the Vale. Better luck in store next time. Old Sam Phillips came out' of his shell, and pounded away at the bnwlin<* of the Crouch brothers so well that he trium phantly carried out his lat for 30. Sam was greatly delighted, and so wns every one else, One, Sweat on by name, got 27 by hardhitting, while "Hawkins put 18 opposite his name. Tom, vou are improving These were the best scores for Brisbane. And for the opponents, ti. Crouch, junr., scored 19, and A. J Crouch carried out Iris bat for 22, a very good beginning. The bowling on both sides wa$ £air. Now that £20 odd has been voted by the Association for the improving' of the wickets in the Queen's Pa^k, it is to be hoped that all the wickets will receive a fair share of attention. It would be a good move to get a dressing t --nt for the players. The Albert Sports Ground bids fair to be the popular resort of cricketers in the coming season,and as splendid wickets will always be ready there is uo reason why-the ground should not be supported. No further news as to the Licensed Victuallers and Bowen Bridge Clubs having joined the Association. Bulimba, as before stated, has been admitted. F. M. Lascelles is steering the Valley Club ahead in proper style, and deserves praise for his efforts on its behalf. Prom latest accounts the members number 82.; How is that for high ? The Club is just getting into good working order, and has com menced practice in a wicket set apart for it in "the Gardens. Kitchen, a young player from Sydney, has joined it. and is a capital worker: He bowls a good break ball, and bats some thing after the style of Sammy Jon^s of New South Wales fame. Then there are the brothers Carvosso, Hitchcock, Whailey, aud a few others 'who adhere to their practice, and tlie Club ought to come out with a good report at its first annual meeting, Tlie following trophies have been promised. A silver cup, value £5 5s., for the best batting average 1st Eleven, to play in not less than four matches; Mr. Lascelles the donor. £5 5s. for best average bowler Jst Eleven, to play in not less than four matches; Mr. A. Forbes the donor. While Messrs. J. E. Harris and George McNicol give £5 5s. for highest individual scorer in the 1st Eleven in first-class matches. Several gentlemen have presented the Club with material for the members' use. During the season its 2nd Eleven play several matches, their first being against the 2nd Eleven Q. N. Bank on 1st and 8th prox.s The Stanley Cricket Club met at the Metropolitan Hotel last Saturday night to discuss the advisability of withdrawing from the Cricket Association. They put Hickson into the Chair. He made a mild speech. Other speeches which followed were not so mild, but on the other hand were bitter, more especially towards the Treasurer of the Cricket Association (Mr. Forbes), for his refusing to pi;oduee accounts,and vouchers for the post year. Probably had the Treasurer been approached properly, the vouchers would have been produced long1 ago. Mr. Roberts talked about the Treasurer " probably resigning at the end of the year." When did you get that information, Mr. Roberts ? The meeting did not dissolve until it 'Carried the following harshjmotion, which speaks for itself and means al ot. Carried: " That the Stanley Cricket Club stron«lv condemns the conduct of the honorary Treasurer of the Q. C. A. in not producing proper vouchers and accounts at the general meeting; endorses the ConrSe pursued by Its delegates in connection therewith; and is of opinion that it will be for the Interests of cricket in Brisbane that it continues to send representatives to the Asso ciation, and does so accordingly." All I have to say is that the Stanleys are going the wrong way about making themselves popular. The carrying on continual warfare with the officers of the Association elect, will not benefit them in the long run. As cricketers they should show a little better spiril, more especi ally as they hold the leading position. Keeping themselves aloof as it were from the general body of cricketers will not in the least degree strengthen them. Pt-rhaps if they had not been so severe they would have fared better. Let it be hoped that for the good of cricket in general all these squabbles will be buried for ever, and let everyone do his b st to drive the game ahead. Mr. Barfcley deserves the thanks of the cricketers o£ Brisbane and elsewhere for his letter re the Green Hills crichet ground, which appeared in the Courier the other day. As far back as 1862, the ground at Green Hills was set apart, during the regime of the Herbert Ministry, for a cricket ground. The letter is too long for insertion in Figa.ko, although it would not be out of place to insert it in the interests of cricket. Be that as it may, the ground"in question has been taken up by the Govern ment for vail war purposes. I must quote part of Bartley's letter. H-i goes on to say;—"The spoliations of the 1876 Ministry are/of course, not ti be bla nel on the pivsent Gov ernment. but still the latter might, I think, have framed a better rxeuse than the one they have, in a letter to myself, adduce 1, namely—that, as the cricketers of Brisbane had for a certain limited number of years the use of the ground, they ought to consider themselves recouped for the few hundreds they spent on it. A: feebler defence could scarcely be imagined; for no one outside of a lunatic asylum would voluntarily expend money on land of ivhicli they were -tenants at will only, for. according to the line of defence now attempted by the Land Office, we were equally liable to have been turned out the very day after we had fenced, levelled, and turfed the ground, ana put "down the lime siibsnil—as we were liable to he turned .out, and were turned out in 1876. The ground is now worth £10,009; the Crown is making, or what is the same thing, saving a handsome annual revenue from the use of it for rail way purposes, and the cricketers of Brisbane to whom it be longs, de j'acto et de jure (for it has never been gazetted-away from them again) are left without a ground of their own to -play on, and with neither a solitary eighteenpence of compen sation, nor a solitary 'beg your pardon, old fellow,' for thia cool robbery. The use, by permission, of the. Queen's Park which is shared equally (as we have seen) by volunteer artillery wheels.and pthei; lightweight helps (?) to alevel turf, is no set o&l; for this , act'"bf spoliation, and it remains for the united cricket and foetbaU public of .Brisbane to bring such pressure to bear fls the case calls for. Land they cannot now give us,' unless, in the South Brisbane Reserve, but money to purchase a new ground in exchange for our valuable and plundered acres in Soma Street isourjust due." That is part of Mr. BarlJey's epistle On behalf of "the cricketers of this city. As the result of the letter, I believe a deputation from the Association will shortly interview: the proper party with regard to this question of the Green Hills land. The result of that interview is eagerly looked fur. There is nothing to report with regard to the proposed visit of Shaw's team to Queensland, further than that Kockhampton is willing to assist the Association in the matter. News Intercolonial. Walters, the South Melbourne cricketer, is the coming batsman, of Victoria. He took no less than 5 trophies from the South Melbourne Club last season. The University (Sydney) beat the Carltons by 75 runs on the first innings. Charlie Banuerman shaped in something like bis old form for 31. Marr was unsuccessful with the bat. Rowley made 14and not out 15, while Cleeve had a "duck." " Censor," in the Sydnej Mail of the 18th instant, in re porting■ on the Albert-cum-Carlingfurd match, says " The two Albert cracks, Massie and Moses, made very light of the Carliugford howling, the former openiug with a hit for 5 off the first ball of the innings. After playing with great dash, Massie retired after making 21. H. Mos *s started the season well, making 31 (not out}, in his best style, and without giving even th e ghost of a chance.'' The South Australian Cricketing Association balance sheet for the season 1883-4, showed receipts £2265 16s. 4d., expendi ture, £2295 17s. lid. The present indebtedness of the Associa tion is £2035 12s. lid., bat as an asset there is a well turfed and properly appointed cricket ground. Arrangements have been made for Shaw's team to visit Narrabri and probably Armidale. The opening match of Shaw's Eleven will shortly commence on the Oval at Adelaide, and the Australian Eleven should be nearing the shores of Australia by this time, so that before long plenty oj big matches will be the order of the day; Miscellaneous. I wonder if there is any chance of- Murdoch & Cjy. paying Biisbane a visit on their return. The venture might pay. 