quit LpNI-ON LliTTJER. /HOME AND COLONIAL GOSSIP. ' |. '(j-ROM OTJR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) ''. ?' ? London, 21st March, 1884. . - SIR HENRY PARKES ON FEDERATION. The ex-Premier of New South Wales, on the 18th March, delivered an address by invitation of the Merchant Company of Edinburgh, at the Merchants' Hall, on the ^Australasian Colonies, as a part of the British Empire.' Sir Henry is evidently not very sanguine as to the prospects of the proposedFederalCouncil,andsaidhedidnot believe that tho scheme would ever come into operation. He did not think that tho Australian colonies would entrust such a council with the affairs of the whole country. He had come to the conclusion . v that thero would be no possible means of success in the great work of federation without the creation of a great Federal Parliament— a Parliament similar to that of the Dominion: of Canada, leaving the .regulation of local matters to the existing colonial Parliaments. Ho was in favour of the annexation of New Guinea. He had a strong feeling that the British Government ought to annex it, but he was in favour of its being placed in the same position as the,. other Australian colonies. He reite rated the assurance that all the colonies would resent to the uttermost the proposal ? '?? of ithe French to increase the transportation of J, criminals to the contiguous colony of New. Caledonia. ? DEATH OF DR. JOHN SERVICE. - , The news of the death of this minister will be read with regret by those of your readers who knew him, or heard him preach at' the time he was . officiating at Hobart. His i death occurred at his residence, 6 Spring Gardens, Kelvinside. He was 50 years of. ago, and had'been in the ministry since 1864. He was to a large extent solf ? ' ? i educated, his ' father having been an artisan. Dr. Service was the author of a volume of .sermons and essays, which afforded evidence of his broad and liberal views . on religious subjects, and which attracted a good deal of attention, espe : cially in Scotland. On returning to this country from Tasmania, he received a call to i the church and parish of Inch, in the Presbytery of Stranraer, 'Wigtownshire. At the time of his death he was minister of ? Hynland Church,'Glasgow.] ; .THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS. . General satisfaction has been expressed amongst cricketers here. at the constitution . of the team you are sending over to us. Spme doubts have been suggested as to the advisability: of undertaking such an arduous ? list of matches with only one reserve man besides the manager, but' of : ' the quality of those composing the team, their recent performances have left no doubt. ? Disappointment is felt at the loss of the chance of, seeing any more of Massie's brilliant hitting innings, and even greater disappointment that we are not yet to see Evans, of whose all-round capa bilities we have heard so much ; but the news that Spofforth had been prevailed on to: .visit us again was a great set-off against these sources' of chagrin, as it was felt that the retrieval of our laurels which our cricketers . are so anxious for would, if accomplished, have been seriously dis counted in the ' Demon's' absence. As an . instance of the interest with which the, ' yisitand all appertaining to it is regarded, . Ejjinay- mention tnat The Times, wmon . ? usually, holds rather aloof from sporting matters, has published full scores of 1 matches played.by Murdoch's team in the colonies, so ouf' cricketers have been able to form some idea of the ' leather-hunting? they may expect in some of the contests against your representatives. ? ? .?mi-, THE END OF THE BELT CASE ? ;? .It would be too bold to say definitely that ; we have reached the end of it after tations of the judges in the Court of Ap peal of the Supreme Court of Judicature may not prove to have been sufficiently powerful to have laid the 'ghost.' ^ If so, it will not be for any want of definiteness or: unanimity, as in the case of the judges in the Divisional Court. It may be re membered that Mr. Belt had been willing, rather .than continue the litigation, to agree, to a. reduction of the damages of .£5000 awarded to him by the jury, to .£500. In this arrangement the counsel for the defendant declined to acquiesce, and judg ment -has now been delivered in the Court of. Appeal entirely suppbrting the summing up of Baron Huddlestbnbi and the finding of the jury, and awarding '.£5000 damages and allcosts in favour of Mr. Belt. Appli cation made on behalf of Mr. Lawes for a stay of execution, while an appeal to the Lords was brought, was peremptorily re fused. Mr. Belt's costs, after taxation, will, it is said, be close upon .£9000, and the, judgment will, it is calculated, be for about .£14,000. When, some years ago, Mr. Lawes stroked the Cambridge boat against Oxford, he showed more zeal than '? judgment, and rowed his crew to a stand still by the tiino they got to Hammer smith, and the, result of this trial seems to suggest a doubt whether he has gained much in judgment since, t which perhaps accounts for Ms being so anxious to gain a judgment from the Courts of law (they might almost bo called the Courts of Lawes) as to think of taking the ease to the House of Lords. One would think he had had enough of the trial to make him a ' sadder and a wiser man' without that. ' ''.','. ''THE PRINCE OF WALES. . '' Siiv Theodore Martin's life of the Prince Consort gave us considerable insight into the ^variety of claims on the. energies and attention of those who essay conscientiously to. discharge the duties of royalty, and we ' ore'almost daily afforded fresh evidence of the'''saine character in the records of the! Frince'of Wales's doings' and engagements? ' There is certainly no reason to complain of any lack of interest being shown by H.B.H. in anything affecting the welfare of H.M. subjects at homo and in the colonies. We had recently striking evidences to the contrary in the cases of tho Fisheries Exhi bition and the Royal College of Music, as well as in tho care he has taken to avoid his duties on the Royal Commission on the dwellings of the poor partaking of a per functory character. Two other subjects, which are as much of colonial as of |hoine interest, have had the advantage of H.R.H.'s advocacy of their claims on public attention. The first of thesa in timo and importance was the Royal National Life boat Institution, at the 60th anniversary meeting of which ho presided on the 16th March. In the report of the Institution it was stated that 274 life-boats were last year under the management of tho Institu tion, and these boats had saved 725 lives and 30 vessels. There were, besides, 230 lives saved from shipwreck by shore boats and other means. The income from all sources during the past year was £40,250, and the expenditure .£45,817. Previously to calling upon the Duke of Argyle to move the adoption of the report, H.R.H. made a speech, in tho course of which he drew attention to the claims of the Insti tution, of which the Princess of Wales has become a vice-patroness, in the following terms : — ' From our geo graphical position as a seagirt isle, and from the immense colonies which we have acquired, the mass of ships that travel to and fro and reach our islands is almost too vast to enable us even to realise what their number can actually be. These vessels naturally encounter tempests, tho results of which are shipwrecks and loss of life. The risks especially which that valu able and important community — the fisher men on our coasts— have to run from the beginning to the end of the year must be well known to you all. It is especially to save their lives, and not only theirs, but the lives of all who travel on the sea, that this great national in stitution has been- founded. Strange, to say, that notwithstanding the great im provements which have been effected in navigation and in the different scientific inventions which have been made, there is no doubt ? that an increase of shipwrecks annually occurs. I may mention that it inust have been of interest to those of you ?who visited the Fisheries Exhibition last year to notice all the-, models of boats, con trivances for fishing, and apparatus for saving life, which were there shown to you. It must be patent to everybody that a society of tiiskind is an absolute necessity. Look what it has done. Since its founda tion nearly 31,000 lives have been saved by its instrumentality. Already this year, up , to now — the middle of March. — 300 lives have been saved, and last year the total number was nearly 1000. The Institution has now 274 life-boats, and no doubt you, are fully aware, through the medium of the Press, of« the gallantry which has been displayed by the coxswains and crews of those boats.' H.R.H. concluded by remind-, ing his' hearers that the Institution was entirely supported by voluntary contribu tions, and by drawing attention to the nnnnQaif.v e\P nrlnnnrt.^r* fnnrls.^n inn.in^n.iTi if. in a state of efficiency. On the following' day the Prince of Wales presided over a meeting of the Institute of Agriculture, at which $Tr. Woods delivered a lecture on 'Ensilage.' H.R.H. expressed his appreciation of the lecture, and, after, referring to, opportunities which he had had of becoming, personally acquainted with the subject when on a visit to Lord Walsingham, at Merton, said — -' As to tho , future, it is, 'of course, impossible to fore see to what extent ensilage may be carried out, but I , am convinced from what we liavo' heard this evening from the lips of Mr. Woods that those who are moving in this subject, are dealing with one of very, great importance, and I am, at all events, assured that . we ought to. be very much indebted to Mr. Woods and to Lord Wal singham for: 'giving very careful trial to what may' prove in future years the means of rendering very great and valuable ser vices to, agribulturists. Most cordially do I endorse the remarks which fell from Sir Trevor Lawrence, that oven now, after the hard times which the farming interests of this country have suffered for some years, there is a prospect of the great interests, which are involved in . the agricultural question having a brighter future before them, and that a new gleam of light may be thrown, upon their fortunes by the suc cessful carrying out of this new experi ment in agriculture— this question of ensilage'. Most cordially and sincerely do I hope the experiments which have been made, and their l'esults, may be of ad vantage to the agricultural community.' A remark by H.R.H. on an Academy picture once made the fortune of an artist, and it may therefore be reasonably hoped that his remarks on tho above interesting and im portant subjects may be productive of practical and beneficial results. SINISTER COMBINATIONS. Matters don't improve nor. manners become more' dignified in the legislative assembly of the country, and the perusal of the Parliamentary proceedings becomes a more irritating occupation every day. All efforts seem directed .to tho gaining of party or individual advantage, and coin binations'are formed and tactics adopted which render any progress with the busi ness of the country almost an impossibility. Mr. Labouchere, tempted perhaps by seeing in.the cases of Lord : R. Churchill and Mr. Marriott how inuch easier it is to obtain notoriety' by efforts to embarrass your party than by efforts to support it, lias taken the line of violently attacking tho foreign policy of the Government on every' oc casion on which he is likely to' create con fusion or delay business/ For instance, at. a morning's sitting called11 last' Saturday,' |for the purpose of forwarding tho Parlia- ] inentary estimates, the member for Northampton moved an amendment on the motion to go into supply, that the neces sity for the loss of life occasioned by our military operations in the Soudan had.not been made apparent. Tho wording of the resolution secured a temporary alliance of motley character, including Mr. Bourke, 'Mr. Cowon, and Lord R. Churchill, and although' Sir C. Dilko pointed out that General Graham's operations were the natural result of tho expedition to Suakim, which had been approved by the House, and reminded the House of the object with which the sitting had been called, it seemed not unlikely at one time that a division would be snatched against the Government, as a Cabinet Council was de taining tho Ministers, andLiberalinembcrs, not suspecting the turn affairs would take, had not mustered in strong force. How over, the Cabinet Council was broken up, and sufficient members were brought down in time to give tho Government a majority of 17 against the oinondment, the numbers having been 111 to 94. Some excitement was then created from Sir M. Hicks Beach having overheard a sotto voce remark by Sir Win. Harcourt, that 'the dirty trick had failed.' After this excitement had sub sided, the Irish members kept the ball rolling, and debated a supplementary vote for County Courts arid Magistrates in Ireland, until a quarter to six on Sunday morning. On Monday night Mr. Labou chero again distinguished himself by moving, on the introduction of the Army ' Estimates, that the number of men on the establishment should be, reduced by 2678, the increase for tho present year, and it was only after a motion ;by Mr. A.J. Balfour, to report progress, had been defeated, that the vote was obtained, after which the sitting was again prolonged, mainly' by the instrumentality of the Irish members, until 3-40 a.m. The tactics of the Opposition and the Irish party have so far prevented any appreciable progress being made with the legislative business of the session. Mr. Warton has been blocking bills indiscriminately (on one day alone he blocked 24, including the Mer chants' Shipping and the Deceased Wife's Sister Bills), and has been aided by the inconsiderate action of some of the Radical members. It has been necessary ? to have morning, night, and Sunday sittings to obtain supply,and there isafeelingof stem impatience growing up, not confined to the meinbers of one party, which renders it not unlikely that Lord Salisbury will get the agitation he has challenged, to prove the demand for reform, in a fuller measure than he expects. 