LUNATIC LYRICS, [By March Hare.i No. 21. THE FAMILY GHOSTS. Country people are apt to boast Of owning a good old family ghost; But the Hilton-Hiltons, of Halton Hoo, Were the proud possessors, I'm told, of two, Who arm in arm would be seen to glide Whenever a Hilton-Hilton died. Old Hamilton Hilton-Hilton lay A-dying one shadowy autumn day, And he charged his heir with his fleeting breath. Ere he closed his eyes in the sleep of death, " Let all my servants retain their posts, And do not mortgage the family ghosts." Alas, alas, for the rising race I The heir cared naught for the ancient place; He sacked the faithful retainers all, He pawned the pictures from off the wall, He sold the volumes upon the shelves, And the ghosts at last had the house to themselves. Sir Barnaby Binks, a city knight, Built a stately ball on a neighbouring height, And his rooms were filled with the gems of art, Purchased in many a foreign mart; There was all, Indeed, that the soul could want, But a family ghost the hall to haunt. Said Binks to the Hilton-Hilton heir, "Ton hold of ghosts I am told a pair; If to split the brace yon are somewhat loth, Just name your price and I'll take 'em both; Of modern spectres I'm offered hosts, But I want a couple of family ghosts." The price was named and the sale was made, A priest waB hired and the ghostB were laid, And not to lengthen this halting verse Sir Barnaby carted them home in a hearse, And he turned them loose with a purse-proud smile, And bade them " walk" in their wonted style. Ton may lead a horse to the water's brink, But you certainly cannot make him drink ; You may catch a nightingale on the wing, Bnt you certainly cannot make her sing; You may buy your family ghoBts to stalk, But you certainly cannot make them " walk." Sir Barnaby filled his hall with friends, Society's tagrag, odds and ends— And he promised them all as a special sight, That bis " family ghosts" should walk that night And the guests lay quaking the sheets between, But never a glimpse of the ghosts was Been. That night, as the clock in the old Church tower, Sounded slowly the midnight hour, A shepherd who watched on an upland farm, Saw a couple of ghosts walk arm in arm, In haste, like folks having much to do, From Sir Barnaby's Hall to Halton Hoo. 