ALL SORTS- Tho most stcadfflet followers of our fortunes — Oor creditors. Although tho lower animals cannot talk, thoy aro nonrly ell t&il-bearirrr.; "Bounty is kin doop, remarked the old beau ns bo kixeod his pretty comtin. Cnnnibbln nevor oat a dienutatious man, for fear bo will uot ngroa with them, fcSbut-iror.eiB are grat peaoc-moakors, They nlwnyn try to amontb everything over. "Do tukr Homo inoro of tho vcgotablos, Mr Blood, for thoy go to tho pig« anyway." "I go to joiu my patients, "said the good old doctor ns hopatnod peaoofully away. Whtn r» girl has lo»t hor spirits she doesn't stand a ghost tf a ohauce. No one cau ro- Bprchp. Two thinga that do not need a mau to con duct ihcui— u bobtail oar aud a strocg'miudod ' womaw. " What n fine opon coantonauce you havo I" said Jonab, whon bo was introduced to the wbnte. A small boy who hangs round tho parlor and makes .'nco»- at bis stater' beau should be pan- iulud for contempt of ooart. It boui da somewhat paradoxical to Bay that en motion is "gaining ground." Poor ia ii-jm ions to tbo system only whon driukirg it becomes too cyatomntioil. Tho betit way to improvo woinan'ii lot ia to build a homo on it and put a good man in tho hotiBf. Tim Long and tho SInrt of It.— Stumpy: . "We'll huvo to play ono man short, 'on Saturday," Longr.rm : " Ah ! then wo may ccunt on your preai-uco, at iu>y rat?, old mnn." Why ia a wajhorwoinau lileo a navigator?— Becsuto fiho rprends berlaheetH, ciopbsa tho lioo, and pcen Irom polo to pole. Kailway-paRRonger, to porter who has asked for a "tip": "I thought you woro not a- lowed to take fees?" Poit r: "Wo do uot tako their, sir ; wo only receive them." "What a lovely faco Mm Augur hoa in ro- posfi- perfectly boantllul 1 Don't you think so ?" " I can't eay ; I never eaw it io r:poas." "Indeed 1 Do you know tbn lady very woll?" " I ought -I'm hor husband I" A younginnthur, travelling with hor Infant child, wrc-tn the following letter io her husband at bonce—'1 Wo are all doing' firr- t-rato and on- joylrg ourrelvpfi very much. Wo are in excel lent health. The buy eon orawl about on all- fours. Hoping that tbo snms can bo Raid of you, I remain," otc, THK ORKII OF THE JUNO. Of nil the ovll optrlta which With thun duitriictlon bring, Tho most malicious surely arc Tho U<-»U of tho ring. Who on tho wife's IU rorfed f to Unnuinboml enrrowa thng? Who ruhi mashers by tho scoro ? Tho GotiU of tbo rltg. HerrMio.— Mr Gubblos— Lookhnra, Sophia, what is the motto on this letter ? Tinus to foi, what dooR it moan. Sophia (who knows French)— Tioua meous keep ; ta ia tbv, and fai moans liver. Keep onur liver, Gabblna— H'ml HoemH sott of uuceoessary advioo, doesn't It?— Life. Tho accuracy of modern iortrumonts Is per fectly mnrvellouH. A tst Iiah bton made uf balnroiog a Htraightedgo throo feot long and weighing 12 lbB on a human huir. It was placed on nncthcr stvafghtdgo, and tho hair Introduced between thr two faces uear tho eeutro, Tho uppor ono vns movnd nn the bnlr an u roller uutil tbo proper paint war reached, wh-u it remained balanoud porlaotly, so that l'ght could bo ploiulv nten tho entire length of tho strnightedgo botweon tho two surfaces, oxcopt whnro the hair separated thorn at the middle of their lenglh. In a performance of tho Forty TVn'ex; at VirginiaOity, Novado, All B;iba was tmppliod with a real livo mule. The ontertainmout was not nouccceo, owing to tho manner in whioh tho mula saw fit to comport himrolf A orltio says, "No sooner bod All coma tut of tho oavo with his begs ol wosUb, nnd nttomptad to put thsm on tho back of tho beast, thou he be gan his part c! tho psrfoiinanoo. Ha let fif with his heols, kicked tbo shavings— tho sup posed riches— tut of tho bags, klokwl down the cavern, kicked down tho wholo forest, klokcd down tho wiuge, kickod tho oud of tho bass-viol loaning agnicot tho stoge. smashod tho foot- liBhts. and finally doubled up All by planting both feet in tho pit o! hfa stomaob. A rope WABlnstenedftrrundhiro, mid ho was drogged off by tbo united strength of tho company,,' 