PARIS LETTER. frzon OEK E42U3 COE2ESPOXD2SI.) Pake, Jtme 28 th The Cholhea. The cholera has ct?t out the conference. : Toulon 19 more interesting than the Chamber •of Deputies or the House of Commons. ©t an old woman nor a child that now cum plains of a pain in the stomach, but is set down as . having cholera. The guard who watches at the barrier of the Loire, cannot defend the king against that enemy, now aa heretofore. There are people who have cholera on the brain, and dream the green ghost is palling ' them by the feet, as in the ■pectre scene of the Dame Cianche. Though the journals now swarm with advertisements of infallible panaceas, elixirs, and belts against cholera, the best preventative is pru- ■ dent indifference, and the avoidance of all ; excess and of fatigue. Formerly all Parisians chased away the cholera by a carnaval procession, where the enemy was symbolised as a humbug in. a cotton night cap. iiidicnle always kills. At Toulon, the doctors a3 usual differ as to . •whether the plague be Asiatic (imported), or ! Sporadic (local), in its origin. The attempt to trace the epidemic as at first attempted to the English occupation of Egypt was natural, hut faded. The return ofTonqnin troop ships with sick soldiers, and the absence of all sanitary arrangements at Toulon are sufficient to explain the matter. The provincial cities of France, and, with three exceptions, all the favorite sea side resorts, are fire sides of pestilence. One Monarchal paper attributes the choleia to the existing form3 of government; another sees in the plague the finger of Providence, on account of the legislators voting the divorce bill, and the army reform which compels -theological students to become < recruits. The French doctors need not now go to Egypt to study the microbes and comnea bacilli* from the political point of view. European governments, in barring out ships horn Toulon, Marseilles, etc., are not a little hoisting France with her own petards of 1SS3. The Egtthak Co2tfeee>"ce. Respecting the conference, we begin to see, as through a glass, darkly. ^Neither 31. "Ferry, nor Mr Gladstone^ have emptied their wallets. Something is kept back ; weresuch excellent, rest assured both statesmen would be only too glad to make it known. A good deal of the onf-ery here against the " conces sions to England,11 is mere dap-trap, or ganised by the Egyptian bondholders, who pull the strings. The crying, like rand throwing, proceeds on the principle that some of it may stick. France concedes to England the rondo 7TLQitftim, which the great powers ratified to be as dead as the Cid, long ago. She promises not to invade Egypt, when England retires r political promises and pie crusts are as fragile as dicer's and lovers' oaths, and a bird in the hand 13 worth two in the hush. France expelled herself from Egypt and ought to bear the consequence of her backing out of her engagement. She staked 011 Arabi, and lost. Her assurance not to re enter ought then to be taken cum granosalis. People -who withdraw from one engagement ; do not create confidence as to observing others. As to France representing Europe at the conference that is only intended for the gallery, and the groundlings. She represents her creditors as doe3 England and Austria theirs. But \L Ferry ha3 reiterated, he has given uo|consent to any reduction of interest on the unified debt. What then hag he " conceded V It is no secret, that France will present at the conference, a counter budget to 3ir Gladstone's, with a cat and dog solution of the financial question without diminishing the interest. France also purposes, that none of the great powers do lend the requisite millions, and she has the scheme for a private loan, hacked up by solvent bankers, on condition that France, not England, will have the presidency.and the casting vote of the new dnal control, under the name of the multiple ; hoard. Mr Gladstone can be thns com- i pletely ana fairly eclipsed. All mine spring ins is allowed. ' France reaps one important advantage in ; exchange for her "nothings:" she hoa Hug land pinned down to the principle of scuttling ■ oat of Egypt, at a date fixed ; if not she •will keep affairs in the valley of the Nile in " perpetual; hot water, till England, thinking : more of her own rights and less of French susceptibilities, retaliates in China, Morocco, Madagascar, or Australia. Civilised nations cannot long live in snch a state. fh* Tn*j>m-iKrm*T?7n tfnnrtf Egypt causes M. de Lesseps to be ready to sacrifice to the gods. He would at once ting his JSiaic dtmzUis, only he is pledged to open the Panama canal in 1SSS, with his children, and that he may he spared to do so, no one—not even the Sui-z chauvinistic shareholders, bat will wish. Bat of all the . "poetical" plans for handing over the vital interests of England in the East to her enemies and rivals, this ia the foremost. 31. Garzot, under Louis Phillipe, humbugged England on the question of the Spanish marriages : in 1S66, the year preceding the universal exhibition, .Napoleon XIX. con cocted at ~^ichy, a scheme with Bismarck, by which France was to stige "interna tionaliaed Belgium," and the draft treaty prepared by the French minister Becedeiti, was published by Bismarck in 1S70, on the outbreak of the war. On Sth August, 1S70, Mr, Gladstone himself announced- in the House of Commons that Prussia and France would respect the neutrality of Belgium, so long as neither of the two violated it. It 13 a poor compliment to Belgium to compare her with Egypt ; bat if Russia and France put their heads together in a war against England, the neutrality of Egypt and of the canal, would count for little. _ England has unique interests in the canal, and who ever dominates at Cairo, dominates that canaL To Belglanlze Egypt, is to place English vital interests at the mercy of intrigues and cabals, and in the long run •t there be no doubt, ~ France would be predominant at the international board. _ If England be not capable single handed to ! reform Egypt, let her retire ; if she can j right matters, and repair the faults and blunders she has committed, let her do it in \- herown time and in her own way. France "will never go to war with England about Egypt, and she will avoid all that would push theEoglish nation into an alliance with Germany. Tot? "R-eitiihikik "Bttt • The Senate proceeds at a Fabian pace —with the Becedivistes bill - that solution is bound" up with the secret understanding between France and England on the confer ence programme and its results. Opinion in. the country is commencing to at last seize the enormity of the crime of inundat ing the neighborhood of Australia with some •60,000 of the irreclaimable and incorrigible convict scum of France. It is dawning too on the mind of the nation that the sullen, "roventxy-"hostility of Australia is a matter to be reckoned with, and, if deserted by England, Australia gave herself asa" lone star" to the United states, or claimed to be .under a German proctect© rate, the petition of 'Fiance wonld not be a whit improved. If Australians do not rest in their innings, France |tnost follow in the wake of other European governments, reclaim or keep at home the crime she manufactures at home. > G-ESfKBAT. PbESCH JSevT.SL 2: Thenltimate gravitation of Holland into tbe German unity, is a foregone concXurioh. Pmsaan influence trill be henceforth domi -nant: at-the Hague. Bismarck trill never propose that Holland be internationalised. Xmxemboarg is certain to follow ; it too is a no man's ground—till wanted by the i strongest man. —— y In the spring of 1S65, the satirical journals of Brussels represented the Prince Napoleon after receiving the birching usually adminis tered to children. Xapoleos III, was there, shalnni* the birch at liis ivinsin in mcq T>b shaking the birch at Lis cousin, in case he indulged further .Ajaccio escapades. Prince Jerome has in tarn now birched his son Tictorforpretending, before papa—pretender wished The son Prince Victor, is a poor specimen of the Xapoleonie idee, whatever that- may exactly be, seeing thst It -wag everything by tarns. Prince Victor 13 »' "political grelaiteuz. The Republic has nothing to fear from snch antagonists ; let it._keep clear of debt; not ran a muck against the Celestial Empire ; nor be too eager to replace John Bail in Egypt, and the venerable lady if she does not reign aa long as the Capetian dynasty, will exist to inaugurate the centennial exhibition, in honor of the principles of 1S79. , ^Another mincemeat murder recalling BHloir, and snrpassing P/evost In the early days of hlay last, the trunk of a naked man .was fished np at the Passy side of the Seine. Eater, the legs of a man were fonnd in the xiver, near the quay Henri IV. The victim sna the result of a crime, and chopped up to be more readily disposed of. Be kind to wandering dogs gentle reader. A pet poodle named 41 Mirza." had been observed coming .to the river side, whining and barking on several occasions. The police ultimately placed it in ilie usual, depot. for wandering dogs, reqnes££ng~particalarl7, that it might be identified- la due coarse it was. It belonged to one Xjebon, an egg and batter merchant t he had been missing for weeks % wa3 last seen in company with a waiter, who had rath era feminine torn of character, and. dressed occasionally as a woman. This waiter hart changed hi3 lodgings ; had been industriously carrying about trunks; had been at Lebon'a room, whose money and scrip had been stolen. The police " want" that waiter to explain what he did with Lebon after enlacing him to hU lodgings. *1. Dapuis is a hasband in partVjus* and to be pitied. In 1S77, he was then 37 yeara of age, he fell in love with the "niece" of a 11* Thirman ; the latter lent him 10,000fr. to aet up in business and gave, a brilliant wedding feast. When the bridegroom thought: It wa3 time to retire to the nuptial chamber, he was astonished to find his ward barred in the corridor, by the cnc!e,'who called h?m a scoundrel, and a knave to be ignorant as to who his niece actually was. A fight ensued, and the bridegroom was collared by the servants, passed the night in the cell* and next day was fined and sent to prison for a week. * Ordered from the ; house, he sought refuge in the provinces ; formed a liaison with a village girl, by whom he had a child. They both lately came to Paris, when) the niece wife had them arrested for adultery. They were only fined lOfr* The French government are about fitting np an important commercial museum- 2s*ot only will the natural products of distant countries be there represented, bat specimens of the imported manufactured goods, which have the largest sale in the locality, will be exhibited. French manufacturers can thtis study the secrets of how the intelligent foreigner cat them oat. All this will be of little avail, if fabricants are not prepared to accept smaller profits, and workmen lower wages. M. de Leisep? has josfc related that the manner he obtained the lasting friendship of Prince Said, wa3 this ; the prince, by close study, had become very stout ; de Lesceps urged him to take riding lessons ; he did so, and in some months the prince had been galloped down to the thinners of a whipping post. It is difEcnIt for well-disposed people to hare their way in this vale of tears. Claude Bernard, as a viviseciionist, pat Broca, Paul Bert, and Pasteur into the shade. The number of cats and dogs he directed alive for his nerve experiments is legion, fie died a few years ago. To make atonement for her husband's cruelties, Madame Bernard took a house at Colombes, in the suburbs, ! and fitted np a wing as a kind of alms house for refugeless cats and dogs. The neighbors petitioned to have the asylum suppressed, as it was a centre of infection. She refused to recognise the Mayor's decree, and the courts have ordered the establishment to he broken up,-the inmates to be lodged in the knacker's yard, and, if within three days they are not claimed, they will be converted into raw material for gloves, and charcoal to refine sugar. There are several plans for dealing "with the boys when home for vacation. Philan thropists propose handing them over to Cook, for a personally conducted. tour, till the eve of re-opening the classes. A newer way •to occupy them is, to give them a snpply of " game Eqnlbs,** these let of at the month of a rabbit hole, will be as efhcacions as a ferret. In the case of foxes, rocket3 are employed similarly. In the hospital of the St. Jean de Dien monastery, there i3 a ** hahy^ 10 years old,5* and weighing ISlbs. It is the son of an agricultural laborer ; the mother died when the infant was a few months old, and the father reared the baby by chaining it every morning when he went to work to the bed, feeding the poor creature on his return. A proposal is on foot to raise a memorial monument to carrier pigeons—a new sacred bird, for their services during the Siege. 