" 10 BE C4LLSD FOE ' (Continued.) m. Tb*-hoat-of . tba Flying. Fiah didUjiot ja co-ver /rom tbe fright or the malady which had seized bim. He waa one remove nearer to the. end of hia time now ; I knew aa well aa posaibls that he would never want- bia crutches any more, and that one of these fine daya or nights he would be sailing clean away. He knew" it himself, I think, though the doctor had not warned him. The doctor had left it ts me, who waa not likely io be a good hand at breaking to the old man anoh nowa aa that, and who did not care to tell him, and thought it waa as well not to tell him, aa it was not likely to do him any good. I did aak him if he'd like to see the parson, and ho swore at mo with such easy fluency for the suggestion, that I thought for a minute br two he was getting rapidly better. But he wound up in a milder fashion. " Parsons ainjt.any.good to mo," ho said, " are they ?'? ?* " " "Well, I don't think they are much.' " I alwaya hated parsons. I haven't seen one on my own Aocord tinco I was christened. I've kept out of their way." - . " Ves, you have." 'il-know I have," be added. . " I could have told the parson a blessed aight more than he could have ever told-ma. And be. aides,, aalt water deean't mix with holy water, does it ?" ,.",1 don't know." "No. You don't know much." Ho-rjid not say any more that day. . He wis.Very thoughtful at times now, aa he had beerwah the* night when he waa apoken to. From the day of hia laat illness to this-a fortnight afterwards nearly-he had never alluded to the girl who had called at the Flying Fish, and whom I had not set eyes on since that stormy night. And yet I believe he mas thinking .of her a good ideal, and of the message she had sent to him by mo. Presently 1 knew he was thinking of her, and could think of nothing elsa. One day, and a very long and. thoughtful day it was to him, he beckoned me to hia bedside with his thick,, crooked finger., He had got very hoarse, and there was a difficulty, in making out all he said, but I had managed it somehow during the morning and after noon, i " Martin," he croaked forth almost like a raven. VI don't fancy I'm quite aa well aa usual to-nigbt." ? . V ." Perhaps it is fancy, uncte ?" J > .'.' Am I looking as well? I don't.want any. lies about it 1. - ..ie..'..' "I don't see inuoh difference in you." . - f .'' Then I don't auppoae there ¡a. J > You wore never much of a liar, Martin.: .You have been over-particular that way, and that's bad for a man who meana to stick to business, hard and faat." "I'm notao aure of that." "But X am, and that's enough, ain't it ?" "All fight," I aaid, although I knew it wai all wrong, and ao. had begun lying on my 'own account. Bot I did not wiah the old gentleman to get exoited over any argument. " Give him his own way," had been the. ddctoc's orders-" let him aay and do what ha pleases." . "I know I am not going to get over this, Martiu," my undo said. "That's all square enough ; and I've had my inninga, and don't frumble. But, Martin, where the devil am going to ?" " For meroy'a sake, don't go on like thia 1" "I didn't reckon ou her oalling for mo on her waiting for me," ho muttered, ?"Fancy her alwaya with mo afterwards. It's awful I", .... ." Do you mean-" 1 Thon l came to a fuir stop, but he under stood" me. !,"Yes, I mean that girl."""""" " "'7' " Bertha Koefeland ?'.' "Yes, Bertha Koefeland." )"Hdw oan she be waiting for you, uoole?" " (f Didn't abe como two weeks ago ?" '"Why/yes." '?''...?.' '.' She came out of her coffin," he whispered, " and I was waiting for her that night. She had been upon my mind all day. 1 couldn't get her'out of my hoad. Sbe waa troubling it very muoh." ? "That'a all nonsense," I oried. "She was flesh and blood, I'll swear." ,,He ahook hia head. "No, ahe wasn't," be said ;" how could she be ?" , I could not reason with him.. Ha was so convinced to the contrary, and I waa per* Êloxed and gooscflcahy. Certainly Bertha ^eefeland had mysteriously disappeared after giving me the message of my unale, but people are always . disappearing and being advertised for, and turning up again. And thia might have been a praotioál joke, only-and then 1 thought of a sandal-wood box, which waa upstairs, and had been up atalrs for years, on the top of a tall double ¿heat of drawers belonging to my uncle, and the mystery of it waa beyond my fathoming. . But he let in the light upon it presently, and it'waa a red light warning him of danger -a light as rad aa blood. " Sbe couldn't have been flesh and blood, Martin," he went on slowly, " for aix years ago, when you .were away in Ixmdon once, she came Into thia house, into that shop downstairs, just aa aha did a fortnight since, aaid ab* waa Bertha Koefeland, and had «ailed for tbs box her father had left:with me.". ? -.. ..(...;'' , ." Good gracious I" T " She was tall and thin, and. pals, .with f;lass crosses in her ears, and ahe knew very ¡tile English, and spoke it very badly, la that the girl?" i "It answer» the description," I anawered, ' with a - shudder.. " Well,, ahe- has: callad again, that'a all." ' i "Yea, she's certainly called again," he re peated, grimly. " Well, then-" '* But," he added with a look which I shall never forget, and which silenced me at once -a look which comes to mo often and ofter in'my sleep still, and gives me awful night mare«." "I killed her on the night she . called to see me drat, and for three days her body lay'beh'nd the big vat in the cellar where tbe whisky jg, until one dark night I took it down to tb>. beach, and the sea carried it away'for me, and there was an end of it, . I thought. An «nd 1 >^ ¡f there can ever be int end to things like tho.,.,,, jf 8h0 waa not . tb coule bick some day jua.» ane has done. I feel that's a clean breasF^f Martin, and you're not the man to put. r0pe round my hock for -telling you ; not yb. » '.-,«;.No. Not I." \- I stood and looked at him, and n^dered if he wêr'é'raving at last-for I did noUnink :thero were many more houro of life in tím, and bia.senses might have left him first, ,s . /they will' do sometimes, perhaps out oi ' politeness. Could it be possible, I thought, that my unole was a murderer, that , this 'waa true, and that Bertha Koofoland of a 'fortnight since. was a spirit from another world? ' Wore there, after all, such things as ghosts to walk the earth and avenge the deeds wliioh made them to ? To look upon thia agitated, earnost old man was to believe it almost. - It seemed so awfully like the truth coming from those thin, white lips. And presently I did not even doubt it. .-. , I don't mind telling you thq rest of it, Í ' Martin ; ' you'll understand then why I ! haven't left you any money in my wilt. It'« ' .more than twenty - yean ago when Caspar . Keofeland and I were friends first-when ' ? he-foil sick one day, in this' .vory room, and ' was afraid he should die bufaire ho got back ..to his native village, and tho wife and, baby he bod left bohino. him there. Ho travolled : ra"good doal between Russia, and Eoglaud, ' ' 'and'nlways put up at the Flying Fish. The Very last time I am talking about-when ho I ' ? ff jj. I '" I wwiJI, that ii-he haf'.besnght Mtb him a I box made of B»nd&I-wood;,'a legacy hé¿to\d* me,_frt>m a rich relation who had died in London that year. Before he left Deal he got the notion into hil head that he ahould -di»-befor» he reached hoaaa, ajd «oita-aaàad me to take care of the box abd ita contenta, " being pretty sure hie mates would stick to it if he shouldn't live to get off shipboard. For some reason, too, he did not want-hi« wife to know of this at present. ' It'll be a sur prise to her some day,' he said, 'and for Bertha. I'll leave it with you to be called for. Sam,' be said ; ' it's aaie with you aa with the Bank of England. Bertha aball come here for it some day, when ahe grows to be a woman-that's time enough. I don't want for anything now ; I may then. I can trust you, Sam, and I oan only trust you, to keep it safe for her. And if I should die before I get home you'll take it to Germany yourself. Say that's a promise ?' And I said it waa a promise."''Sb it'wks."" " Well ?" 1 gasped. " Go on." . " But Casper did get home, though he was taken worse on the journey. He waa never fit for much work again. He waa something like I've been of late year, lad, I'd heard-a staring figure-head, a stuffed Guy Fawkes, a scarecrow of the cussedest. But betmnt me one line, which somebody wrote for him : 'Keep it till called for, ' it said, " till Bertha comes,' and I kept it." *' And she came?" " Yes. Don't bo in a hurry ¡ you're alwaya in such a beastly hurry," he aaid. "I haven't told you what waa in the box." I " Did you know ?" , " Ono night I broke it open. . "Oh !" . : , " I wasn't particular : I never was over-, particular," he said ; " and I wanted to be sure what - Caspar waa making all this fuss abont. And there were diamonds and large gold bits of foreign money, and then more diamonds in the queerest settings. They fetched a lot of money." " Did you sell them ?" . " I waa in difficulties," be continued. "I had been tried for. smuggling. There were heavy expenses for my defence, and heavier fines to pay, and I wanted money badly. When I wanted money badly I always got it somehow; and Keefeland's jewels came, in handy."" ? "That was dreadful." ' "Old Keefoland took no notice, and no body oalled for the property. I thought be muat have forgotten to tell anybody about it," he went on ; " that he had gone off for good without telling wife or child-that he had thought I might aa well have the things as anybody elie. He was so very fond of me." ; " I wonder why that waa?" I aaid. ; "You mind your own business, and wonder at what I've got to tall you," growled my- uncle. "That'll be , quite enough," he added with a shudder, which lasted so long that I thonght he would ahudder himself but of the world, and ao put' an'end to himself before his story. But he auddenly rallied, and went on- ' "One night, though, she did come-? Bertha Keefeland, at the same' time, on the aame sort of night aa the last, the wind roar ing down the street, and skaking all'the windows. She walked into the place, and asked me for the box just aa she asked you, and I would have sooner seen her' ghost then. God knows I did not know what to do. I had sold the jewels and the foreign money. I could only aee a prison for me, and-and I waa alwaya a desperate fellow in my heart of hearts'. I asked her to step into the next room-the room close to the bar, which I al was keep-looked. You guess now why? and-and-but I've told you all the reat. You know-you know I and you have seen her risen from the dead. And ahe will come once more for me, too ; we ahall aee her walk into this room again, you ' and I togother ; now, mark my words. That's what I am waiting for." " Oh,, don't get that into your head." "And I'shouldn't like you tobe out of the way when ahe calls for me ¡catead of the , box; I'm to be called for now, so don't leave me, Martini not for a moment, there's a dear, good lad." ...... 