WE think that the time has fairly come when the children of Victoria might, with justice, ask to be freed from the fetters imposed upon their young imaginations by the old world superstitions, incorporated in the nursery rhymes and stories that have for countless generations chilled the marrow in the bones, and frozen the blood of the dwellers in northern nurseries. We have neither cruel giants nor malicious dwarfs in this great country. If by good fortune a giant like Chang comes to our shores, our youngsters instead of fleeing from him, beg for sixpences that they may see him; and next to being born a professional cricketer the best thing that could happen to one of our children would be to stop growing when he has reached the height of twenty- four inches. There is not one authenticated case of a fairy having been seen in Australia ; and even the best Irish families—those descended from the ancient kings of that country—have been unable to persuade a single banshee to emigrate with them. Ghosts, no doubt, we have, but they are the ghosts of commerce—spirits who will do the bidding of men or women who charge ten shillings for admission to " circles " knock tables about in an aimless manner, and "levitate" flitches of bacon and bunches of flowers with a levity that causes us to regard them as objects of pity and derision rather than horror. We have neither pixies, gnomes, nor mermaids; leprechanns, dragons, nor witches; nor, though there is frequent reference in speech and writing to a certain old gentleman whose name is always spelt with a big big D, is there one man, woman, or child in Australia who has ever had a glimpse of his hoof or horns, or caught a sniff of the fumes of sulphur as he went abroad ramping and roaring. But though we neither have these supernatural beings on our side of the world, nor, as a matter of fact, believe in their existence, we feed the minds of our children with stories which to them are as true as the Bible is to us. The first great hero of every child's life is Jack the Giant Killer—the heroine, whose sad fate extracts the earliest tears from the eyes of infancy, is Little Red Riding Hood. The miraculous bean stalk, upon which another Jack ascended to a world in the skies, is as great a reality to the juvenile mind as the blossoming of Aaron's rod; and Cinderella's godmother is known to thousands of infants before they ever hear a word of the Witch of Endor. The Bible in State Schools' League desire to have the truths of revealed religion taught—they think it essential, as no doubt it is, that children should know the exact words that Baalam's Ass spoke, and the number of days during which Jonah was immured in the bowels of the whale committed to memory—but they appear to attach no importance to the evil effects of first impressions. How can children be expected to believe reverently what they are taught in the Sunday school about sacred history, when they learn, as they do too soon, that the whole of the literature they have been nursed upon is false? A child unconsciously reasons, " My parents deceived me about that wolf that conversed with Little Red Riding Hood ; what guarantee have I that Baalam ever had an ass ! If all that I heard up to the age of seven, of Jack killing Blunderbore, is an idle dream, why should I, now that I am arrived at ten, credit the account my Sunday school teacher gives me of the fate of the giant, Goliath ?" Besides absolute untruths we would wish to guard our children against teachings which we and they cannot but regard as utter nonsense. The first thing that every fond father and mother drills into the infant mind is that the little toeys are little piggies. This little Piggy," says the bearded father, as he takes the pink big toe of his offspring between his fingers, " went to the market. This little piggy," meaning in his meaningless talk the toe next the big one, "stayed at home. This little piggy got a piece of beef— and so on. Children often get sick. We should think they would when they hear that sort of thing. Poor babies ! If a man were to tell us that our toeys were piggies we should kick him ! Then the House that Jack built—Simple Simon who killed a pieman—Mother Hubbard who went to her cupboard—Cock Robin the Sparrow's Victim ! Is there one of those legends that we should inculcate into the mind of our young ? Is there a single truth of any kind to be gained by their repetition into the willing ear of infancy ? lhe Minister of Education will not allow a verse of the scriptures to be read in school hours, but by his regulations he makes it absolutely necessary that every child in the country should taught that " there was an old woman who lived in a shoe, and that she had so many children she didn't know what to do." When children cease to be infants they know that the old woman in question did not live in a Shoe. As they advance from class to class they know that if "she whipped them all soundly" she would be fined in the police court for it. We now point out what our children should avoid. In a future article we shall try and give an abstract of what they should learn in their young days. 