VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. MELBOL-HNE, Saturday Evening. (FROM OUR OWK CORRESPONDENT.) A winter race meeting was held at Gaulfield today, under tbe auspices of tbe Victoria Amatenr Turf Club, and unfavorable beforehand as were the probabilities of fine weather, judging from the experience of the past week, tho day turned out remarkably line, a brilliant sunshine tending to give a most cheerful aspect to the scene, and lighting np the green turf of the pretty course and tbe nelgb. boring landscape in a most agreeable manner. As might have been anticipated, under these propitious circumstances, there was a large attendance of spectators, Including a considerable proportion of the fair sex; the Ladies'Trophy forming an exceedingly attractive event for that Important oetter half of the Saturday afternoon pleasure seekers. The following were the events:— HANDICAP HURDLE EACE—Of 75 'feovs, added to a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each for acceptors. One mile and three-quarters. Mr T. Jones' t> g Merri, 6 yrs, lOst (King) .. 1 Mr P. Kelly's b g Concord, 6 yrs, 9st Sib (Betdy) 2 Mr A. Taylor's b m Musldora, 6 yrs, lO.t 81b (M'Gowan) 3 The follow ing also started:—Blszeaway. Discount, Tsntaliser, Footman, and Midnight. Litest Betting—5 to 2 egst Merri, 3 to 1 egst Mnsidora, 4 to 1 agst Discount. After a fairly even start Merri soon took tbe lead, followed by Discount, Mnsidora, TantaliEer, and Footman, in that ordtr, the favorite gradually increasing her lead to twenty lengths. Entering the straight Concord dashed up in good style, but could only succccd in getting second place, Morri heading him at tbe fim&h; by hslf-a-aozen lengths, wilh Musldora well up for third honc-rs. 'lime, 3 min 87} sec. VICTORIA GOLD CUP—Value 100 sovs. A handicap steeplechase, added to a sweepstakes of 6 sovs each. To be ridden by members or bon. members of tbe V.A.T.C., to be approved by the stewards. Two miles. Mi G. Glasscock's b g Fickle, 6 yrs, 12st Sib (C. Glasscock) 1 Mr J. Fitzroy's bl g Black Jacket, 6 yrs. list 71b (Cox) Mr J. B. Gill's b g GDderov, aged, list 51b (M'CulIoch) Betting—Even on Freckle. This event proved a very hollow affair. After a - tolerably even spin to begin with, Black Jacket declined tbe contest on reaching the front of the grand stand, Bnd waB pulled off. Dsmoralised by the bad example thus set, GUderoy refused to contlnne the contest beyond the hill at the back of the course, and the field was thus left to Fickle, who cantered home at his ease amidst the cheers of the spectators. Time—6 mln 6 sec. LADSES* TROPHV—A handicap for two- year olds and upwards. AU horsea to be nominated by ladles; tbe nominator of the winning bo«e to receive a trophy value 100 sovs. The nominators of tbe second and third horses to receive trophies of ' the value of fifty and twenty-five sovs respectively. Six furlongs. Miss Reid'e ch g The Ghost, 8 yrs, Sst 31b (Williams) : Mrs W Pearson's ch g Primus, 6 yrs, 7st Sib (Power) » Mrs D S. Wallace's g f Duenna, 3 yrs, 8st 81b (O'Brien) ! The following large field also started:—Bassanlo, Countryman, SC. Lawrence, Stafford. Mistake, Precious Stone, Fieurette, Tnmnlt, Regulation, Hannibal, Liberator, Black Diamond, PaiUeroo, Middlemark, Impulse. Polly, Leporelle, Cupidon, Manfred, Callerou, Aimee, Honors, Wotonga. Tipltywitchet, Yellowhammer, Brimstone, and Bnrkely. Latest betting.—3 to 1 St. Lawrence, 100 to 12 Middlemark, 100 to 10 Buenna and The Ghost, 100 to 7 Conntryman, 14 to 1 Stafford and Honors. Countryman and Stafford led together at tbe start, •on equal terms, bnt were rapidly passed by Aimee. Primus, The Ghost, and Duenna. In tbe straight Aimee fell back. Bnd 1 he Ghost took the lead, and won easily, by about s length. Time, 1-min 20 sec. OPEN STEEPLECHASE—A handicap of 100 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of S sovs each "for accep. tors; 15 sovs to go to the Becond, and 6 sovs to tbe third horse. Two miles. Mr A. Harper's br z Stampede, aged, Sst 111b *(Malone) Sit G. Glasscock's b g Fickle, 6 yrs, 10st 61b (MXeod) Mr T. Jones' b g Australian Court, 6 yrs, lost 101b (Butler) Tbe other Btarters were Katnma, Fame, Pride, Seeairer, Vanoo, Starlight, Pilot, Banyenons, Holy. Tond, Helpmate, Hands Bown, and Doris Setting—2 to 1 against Fame, 4 to I Fickle,-5 to 1 Pride. ' Tanco took tbe lead at (the start, closely followed byPUst, Pride, F»me, and Fickle, bnt at tbe first fence Tanco ran ronnd, and both Fame and Holy, rood balked. Pride made tbe running for tbe next was reached that Stampede-came to the. front, dialtenged Fickle, who bad feean leading np to that mint, and won cleverly by a-bare neck, with Aasendian -Court a good third, Fame fourth, Decefcer fifth. Time,-4 mln. 81 sec. BICBHOUD HANDICAP—Of -60 sovs. One mile Mr J. Peterson's big Black Blamond, aged, 7st Hon! ^? 0l pwir«m's ch g Primns, .tfyrs,'7»t 41b (Pnw.r) Mr«,«»ilaertil>f Lyons Lady, :Bj»s, BrtJOIb (Barr) .. For this conceding event-there were sixteen starters. Primus feeing the favorite in the betting at 3 to S. Inthe<eonrse of tbe running Leabla and Pnennatell.Bnrtoa, the rider of the foirner, being picked <B> unconscious and evidently eeriouBly injured, Wtde O'Brien, who was tiding Bnanna, was also badly >ahakec. -Time, I mln 47 see. 