PROTESTANT UNITY OP DOC TRINE. The unity of ' Protestant preaching is proved most surely by missionaries in heathern lands : they preach the same doctrines everywhere, and the declar ation of '.these truths produces the same effects ' every where. It is refreshing to think that' for many a long" 'and weary day, the: 'missionaries bf our different denominations— Episcopalians, Indepen dents, Baptists, the! Church .'of Scotland, Free Church,' and all Protestant Churches who take the Bible alone as their supreme authority, are testifying to' the same truths ; — -that we might trace their steps among the Hindoos, the New Zealanders, the wild north American Indians, the Negroes, and hear them all speaking the same thing ! And what is their theme ? They might listen for hours to these men without discovering to what sect they belonged. They would hear them just preaching the Gospel — lifting up Christ — pointing, not to a crucifix which hides and disguises him, but to Christ Himself, and Christ alone. It is among us as it was among the early Puritans, and Church- men ; there was no doctrinal differences among the Protestants of England for eighty years after the Reformation. All their differences were about externals — they disputed about surplices, the mar riage ring, the posture to be observed at the Lord's table, and such like ceremon ials. Cranmer and Ridley put Hooper in prison because he would not wear the surplice. But there was no difference among them respecting the great and glorious doctrines of the Gospel. The High Churchman, says Canon Stowell, "taxes us with similar affinities with Dissenters, and I accept his sneers ; and I say that I can have more fraternity and fellowship with the Dissenter who holds the same scriptural doctrines with me, while he differs from me on church government, than I can with a man who wears the same dreBs, preaches in the same pulpit, and is sworn to the same articles with myself, while he is a Papist in disguise." One word more as to the Catholic character of Protestaut missions. They not only preach the same doctrine, but those doctrines produee the same effects. It is a rule in natural philosophy, that if we bring certain earthly matters to chymical tests, and the response of nature is always and everywhere the same, we conclude, as a matter of demonstration and: certainty, that there is an identity of cause and effect. So with the subject before us ; if our Protestant missions of .all denominations be always followed by the same moral and spiritual results in different nations of the earth, we have a demonstration of their Catholicity ; and not only so, but we have a marvellous corroboration of the divine origin, source, and truth of Christianity. What mys terious power is it, what secret agency, what hidden principle, which, accompany ing a few simple words, Bpoken with Btammering tongue and feeble lips in the broken accents of a foreign language, can, at the antipodes of the earth, produce the same results ? What is it that impresses a congregation of blood-thirsty and savage Islanders ? Touched with a secret power, many an eye is seen to weep that never wept before — one head after another urops upon.itne . Dosom— tne strongman armed': is: . softened — is melted — and be- icomes like a'iittle child?- Or see a con gregation of ; wild and untamed Indians brought to the same test — the same words are droppediinto their ears — the child of nature weeps. With the poor degraded African,: the; same result is produced ; his Heart1 is broken — his selfishness yields — he too must needs weep. All men, of whatever language, colour, clime, or creed,; under the influence of those mysterious words, are moved, are humbled, are brought into the dust of penitential sor row and grief for their sins. What has done this? Is there anything in the Popish Church which can do it ?. No ! There is nothing in the whole world which can do this, but the preaching of the purty; unadulterated gospel of Jesus Christ, " with: the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven." : And when that stubborn heart ; has yielded, and has been softened and broken by . a sense of its sins, and the man is brought as a little child — not to a picture, nor. an:image, nor a dead woman— but to know.- that there is a God who in the person of his dear Son has bled and died, .forihim;1. an: uniform and identical effect is produced on the savage Islander, the wild Indian, the degraded negro: he looks to the samo object — he believes in Jesus- — and finds the pardon of his sins. Thus we might follow out the whole sys tem of Christian experience which fol lows. How is it that precisely the same results follow from the preaching of Churchman and Dissenter, of Indepen dent, Baptist, or Presbyterian? The Roman Catholics vainly imagine that we have no common tie, no bond of union. They do not know what the Holy Catho lic Church means, and we will teach them yet. If we have not, how is it that the same effects follow in these different cor ners of the globe — the same Christian conflict — the same struggle between the flesh and the spirit — so that if a poor degraded negress in Western Afric.a, were placed beside a Christian woman in England, it would be found that though face might not resemble face, yet that heart would answer to heart, touched by the same spirit, aud guided by the same truth ? We defy the Romanists, from the history of their missions, to produce the same Catholic uniformity. We have read many of their missionary details, and while we find visions, dreams, fantasies, extravagances, and fabulous miracles of all kinds, we see no uniformity of Chris tian penitence, of Christian faith, of Christian triumph over sin aud death — none of those blessed features by which the family of God may be distinguished, by which they are. known to each other on earth, and in which they shall resemble one another in heaven. These are some of the characteristics by which our Protestant missions are distinguished from those of the Papists — and the more these different efforts are examined, the stronger the contrast will appear. The victories of the Romish Church over the heathen nations have not seldom been preceded by and accom panied by fire, and sword, and plunder ; they resemble rather the victories of a bloodthirsty conqueror, who rides over nations and crushes them, leaving dark ness and death behind him, then the con quests of the cross of Christ. The tro phies of the Protestant missions are infant primitive Churches, as it were the gardens ot the Lord, oases in the desert, the first- fruits of fifty years of labour — and how do they gladden,, the soul of the philan thropist, and cheer the heart of the Chris tian ! There is. scarcely, a spot on earth, where a Protestant mission has been established, to which . the Church of Rome has not sent out her missionaries to confront us, and to disturb our infant Churches. Indeed, whether we look at home or abroad, it appears that there never was a period in the history of the Romish Church when she was in a state of greater activitvthan she is at the present moment. When, three centuries ago, she propagated her missions so vigorously abroad, she was struggling for her very existence in Europe— her efforts in the West were feeble, while she carried on ber plans in the East. But now she. seems almost ubiquitous. : Never -since Rome Pagan oecame jaoipe rapai,aia sue put iortn more energy in the earth for mischief than she does now. ,;True, ; in by-gone days, Europe slumbered and: slept under her chains, and now a considerable por tion of it. callstitself 'Protestant. : But it :is only so in name, and - a large portion might be called infideh'Europe ; therefore, . we. do ; not look ; for any help from them. Formerly; when 1 Rome was triumphant in the 'East, she. was impotent in ; the West. But: now, by-her wonderful, hidden, arid secret.: influence, she can propagate her false. tenets at once inilndia, China, and .the -easterri shores of America ; she can plant her ; missions ; in New; Zealand, a,nd spread her influence from the furthest corners of Asia into the heart; of- Londpn itself. She '.is ... working everywhere. Whether it be / her death- struggle, . or whether it be the revival of a; terrible power among' us;. God) alone, knoweth ! / We j desire not to pry into) the future : the; oresent is dark, enough : Thanks. The to God, we are called, to bear ;only- the troubles and trials of . to-day,— to-morrow is in the. Lord's hand. ; ; Many console themselves with the old adage— "Truth is. great, and must pre vail;" but the saying is fallacious , and delusive. It. may be very true in heaven, but it is not true here. Truth may pre vail, among angels, but truth in tho world is an alien! Our Lord affirms exactly the contrary to this philosophic and popu lar statement. He says, " Because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not." Human hearts love a lie. Since Adam believed the first lie of Satan, men will rather swallow the story of a miraculous crab, than the truth of God. They, will believe Mormonism, Spiritism, and bleed ing pictures and statues ; — anything rather than the truth — that they reject. Let us not, therefore, satisfied to expend our strength in applauding and stamping at public meetings. Let us make ourselves and our children acquainted with ourDib- les, and with history. Meet Popery, and oppose it on every side ; not only out of doors, but in your houses, in your nurs eries. Take care of your tutors, govern esses, and domestics. Watch, the. spirit of tbeir conversation, and if they talk much of the uniform efficacy of sacra ments, and other iHigh Church notions, look well to them-, it is only Romanism' in; another form. i ;! 