OUR BRISBANE LETTER, BRISBANE, MAY 30. Southern Queensland is now, in a two-fold sense, enjoying, tranquillity. Neither in the natural nor political elements is there any commotion or agitation, The weather is gloriously fine ; warm 'days followed by [ sharp nights is a clear sky mostly, with far-off debate of measure. In the evenings the deep red' mysterious glow still continues, The mild temperature>hso forced the growth of gross and green crops as well as of maize the price of the latter article is coming down as the prospects of a winter crop go up. A week ago to-day 'the Darling Downs got a drenching. Around Toowoomba the rainfall was heavier than had been known for the previous twelve months. The westerly winds have not, so far, troubled us much. There has not lately been so much complaining about typhoid, but thore'iá'still a lot of it lurking about. The lady prin ^Bipal'tíf the Girls' Grainger School is just "now a victim of this troublesome) disease in consequence the , pupils have had to move into temporary quarters of at all suitable for the purpose ' In politics there is as much quiescence as in the physical atmosphere. Hardly a breath stirs the flag- want air. Of news there is a positive death. It is understood that the Cabinet has come to a unanimous mind on the Land Bill. Point by point this innovatory treasure has been carefully considered or discussed. Little except finishing touches now remains to be done to it. Ministers will not break through the rigid real sense of Cabinet Council 6-1 the subject, so we have to guess in the dark what may be what when the curtain shall be lifted by the great Ministerial artist who is painting the transformation scene union is to startle the whole community by-and-bye. There is to be another of those " quite too utterly jolly " Cabinet Councils down the Day to-morrow. It is the funniest thing of the sort I ever heard of, but it is acute, because 'it succeeds in getting business done quietly and" expeditiously. The Hon. J. F. Garrick did not get off to England last Friday. Poor fellow he was prohibited by a, doctor-from leaving his bed. li has been in 'bed from then till now. For several days two doctors. have been in attendance on him. A little while before the date of his intended departure he was stepping out of 'it 'hansom, when he slipped and fell Oh the kerbstone at the footpath. His leg was only slightly injured apparently, and little notice was taken of it until the day before he should have left, when pain was felt, and symptoms of inflammation were visible The symptoms rapidly grew worse, and the leg looked very angry and dangerous. Medical skill has beaten the perilous "engine, and the hon. gentleman is now much better. His . doctors will not, however, hear of his moving out of bed at present, to his departure will be delayed at least a month. " Journalism in this colony seems to have come into an 'evil era. Hardly a year goes by without several prosecutions for libel. Mostly the press gets the best of the prosecutions. Either judges or juries, of both, are afraid of offending the press, so it is as rare to get a summing- up against the proT as to get a verdict against it. There are cynical folk here who dare to insinuate that the Bench is not exempt from infirmities of apprehension or impciápioacity ; but that insinua- tion borders too closely on contempt of court to receive endorsement from my pen. It is absolutely certain that the prosecuted journalist this week had no reason to complain of any prejudice against him in the pre olding Judge. The jury, nevertheless, were contrary enough to turn the tables against the press. The case was one of libel. It failed in the first trial through a lack of unanimity on the part of the jury. It would 'have'failed'from a similar causes the second trial had not both sides accepted the verdict of a majority. The majority ''went for" the press £50 damage! An amount which carried costs. But as his Honor refused to give costs of the first trial for the plaintiff, the £50 will not go far towards recouping his pocket for the costs he had incurred. It was all about the character of m newly-appointed magistrate. The cis notion privacy of character in this colony now. It may have been wrong in the Ministry to put a man on the Commission of" the Peace against whom such discreditable things could be said, but what need was there to drag into "daylight the dark misdeeds of years of a man's private life for the sole object of discrediting the Ministry? defence fund for the mulch paper has been started, and is progressing favourably. Parliament is summoned for despatch of business on the 8th July. I do not know why such a long delay takes place, unless it be that the Ministry cannot put the numerous elements, of their policy into presentable' "Khana in less time. The Land Bill has occupied so 'much time that the business of the other departments hashed his stand aside. The Minister to Works has a long and weighty lid of works to be debated if not projected, The old man is self-reliant, and a hater of shams, If he have his way, and the Minister for Lands have his there will be plenty of money expended in this colony on public works, during the next quinquennium. On Monday next the South Brisbane and Killarney branch railways will be opened. In the middle of June the Brisbane Valley branch, from Ipswich in the direction of the Upper Brisbane River, Eskwards, will be opened for traffic. Good progress is being made with the Logan branch. The prospecting party which has been exploring the main range for a shorter route from Warwick to Brisbane have not come quitted their work, but profess to be well pleased 80 far with the observations that have made. The Metropolitan Tramway Company Rooms likely to succeed. The directors are going at their work with vigour. The new issue of shares 5000 at £5 each has been wholly applied for, but not yet allotted. It is reported that Melbourne investors have applied for the whole lot, but in consequence of prior applications here they could not be accommodated. The travelling public will be glad to fee a start made with construction, for the present transit arrangements are very unsatisfactory. It is gratifying to find that southerners have so much faith in the future progressiveness of this colony and its metropolis as to be willing to in- vest money in things Of this sort. A few southern investors who put money into city allotments a few years ago hit the right nail on the head ; the advances in value are surprising ; but I do not see anything forced or fictitious in them, The place is stable, and must grow, Writing of tramways reminds me of an abortive project of the late Ministry to construct a tramway from the railway terminus, via Ann-street, to Petrie's Bight. The project was genuine ; the Minister for Works was ernest, so earnest that he ordered three steam motors from America and six tramcars from Messrs, Hudson Brothers of your colony. The motors and cars come in due course, but no tramway has been laid. Whether the abandonment be the act of the post or present Ministry, I know not. This I know, for I have the proof of my own eyes, the motors have been adapted for our railways, and will be employed for shunting purposes, the cars are being converted into second-class carriages for the branCh railways. The wonder is that the Metropolitan Tramway Company did not try to make a bargain with the railway authorities for the purchase of those tram cars. I expect somebody will want to know, during the coming session, why all this waste of purpose and money. The contractors for the new market buildings in Roma-street are making more progress now with the work. At first they moved very slowly because of the scarcity of material. There is a large quantity of strong ironwork in the structure. The space available for marketing will be larger, as the building is commodious. Up-country goods will be shunted directly into the market house, This is one of thodfsidorataof this modern city. For a full minority-21 years Brid bane has jogged on without a market where sellers and buyers could meet and transact business, The hawking era, when huckstering producers carried their goods from shop to shop till they found a buyer, is nearly over. We shall soon have in this metropolis of 35,000 people what every little parish town in England has had for generations a regular market and fixed market days. The Autumn Meeting of the Queensland Turf Club came off on the 23rd and 24th instant. The first of these days was proclaimed a holiday in Brisbane; the banks and public offices closed, but none of the retail shops, and business went on as usual. The people of this city-the working bees of the industrial five-acre re- volting against these numerous holidays. To them it means the loss of wages varying from 6s. to 12s. per man. That sum taken out of a family's maintenance resources is a serious item. To make matters worse for the Turf Club, the day was wet ; the roads were worse than muddy-they were sloppy. Eagle Farm, is a very attractive place on a wet day. The Hat around in swampy, therefore dangerously damp and cold. The attendance was small. On the second day, the Queen's birthday, there was Queen's weather. During Friday afternoon the wind veered to the west, and promised a fine day on the morrow. The promise was fulfilled. The bright serene atmosphere tempted folk into the loss composed region of sport. It was estimated that there were 8000 people on the ground a good attendance for Brisbane, for somehow or come why the metropolitans do not grow enthusiastic about horse racing. There was some good sport, not without one or two accidents. On the 25th instant the great aquatic carnival at Maryborough came off. There were a dozen events on the programme, but popular interest centred on the four cared champion race, for which there were five competing crews, three being local crews, one way from Brisbane the other from Rockhampton. The local men had things their own way in their own waters. The first and second to reach the winning point were Maryborough crews ; the third was the Rockhampton crew. Last year in Brisbane waters the Maryborough man were beaten, but they have now avenged that defeat. in the way of amusements, the pleasure-loving a section of the community have plenty of choice. At the Theatre Royal, Miss Jennie Leo is enrapturing crowds every evening by her life-like personation of Bleak-house "Jo." At the Town Hall, Tommy Hudson is trying to exhilarated the crowd, of his admirers with his Royal Marionettes and Miniature Minstrels. But hardly less attractive than the actors I and actresses are the horses of Woodyear's electric circus. Besides these we have no unlimited supply of lectures, concerts, and amateur entertainments for local objects. The annual ball for the Convalescent Home came off on Wednesday evening, and was well attended. Amongst the ghosts of the committee were the vice-regal party and the captain and officers of H.M.S. Raven. In the dearth of general sows the metropolitan papers have taken to reporting industries. One goes for Brishane sawmills, the other for the industries of Ipswich. It is observable from these reports what a large and profitable business sawing timber has grown to be within the last 10 years. The development has been scarcely less rapid at Ipswich than at Brisbane. The former place has some advantages in being nearer "home of the large timber resources. JUNE 3. The foregoing should have left by the Archer on Friday afternoon, but at half- past 2 o'clock in the morning of that day the Archer and the Taldora, two steamers belonging to the Queensland Steam Shipping Company, met each other in the Bay with far too eager a "hugging. Both vessels were damaged the Archer the worst. Both are laid up in hospital for repairs, which are expected to occupy three weeks. The grand success of our loan has been the cause of immocBO jubilation in Ministerial circles. Ministers themselves got the news a short time before they left in the Case for their trip to the Bay for purposes of Cabinet consultation. Of course they went to their counsels with light heart?. The offer of nine millions sterling to cover a loan of less than a third of that amount has brought vividly to people's minds a prog- mastic warning which Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith gave to the Assembly when it rejected him and his big schemes for making railways by means of land grants. He declared that he know more of the London money market than any of the men who eat Opposite to him, and he assured his opponents that they would not be able to raise, by loans, the necessary money to extend the present railways into the interior. Nevertheless, the very first loan put into the market brings forth offers of enough money to complete our present railway system, and make a good start with the transcontinental line. The Governor and the Premier, accompanied by Colonel French and Dr. Thompson, left yesterday for Cooktown. They will, in going and returning, visit all the important Northern ports. 