GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. By J. C. ' Oh, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at alL It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a sickly and depraved imagina tion. 'And why, pray, do you not believe?' said Alf. 'Do yon question it because of the impossibility or the improbability? If you take it on the former score you will find some difficulty in your proof, if you admit that there is anything beyond the material — a something intangible to the outward senses ; if you advance the improbability, why yon know as well as I do that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for us to benefit from what you have learned.' ' It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors.' ' Well,' my dear fellow, ' if that is the way we moat look at this question, what else can we eay about the thousand and one other questions which arise from the unknown. Bemember, your scepticism is only of a very recent date, and is a part of that great plague of doubting which assails other dogmas you would lose your right hand sooner than fore swear. Few philosophers, either ancient or modem, doubt the possibility of existence apart from the contingency of matter ? ' ' O, hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to a practical age, and I am not going to believe every old woman's tale, when she is terrified out of her eeneeH by the scar — ? ?? rying of a rat over the floor, or the soratobing of a mouse behind the wainscot. My own experience is evidence against it sufficient to my mind.' ' Well, if you want an experimental proof I am glad I can give it to you.' ' Ton ! why I never thought you held con verse with the invisible. Sorely to goodness you're not a medium ! ' ' No matter what I am, I will give you a chance of patting yoar scepticism to the proof — that is, you know, if you are willing, for to tell the truth, without questioning your own courage in the least, I have found you sceptics not too eager to test the truth when the opportunity is offered you. Alf and I were seated in one of the fine old houses of Northern Tasmania — one of those houses which remind us so much of the 'stately homes' of the old country. The early colonists of the ' Tight Little Island ' were thorough Britons, and carried with them all the Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability. Cairnstook House might have been taken bodily by some genius Uke Aladdin's slave, and placed in the middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed muoh difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look a little incongruous in a country where they think bo much of the sun rays that they re ceive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The surroundings were picturesque in the extreme. At the bottom of a sloping lawn there flowed a broad, silent river, which had in its im petuous youth leaped over a preoipioe and thundered in rapids, but now gUded calmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands. Behind the house the hills rose tier after tier, until they cul minated in a peak, whose summit always received the earliest winter's snow. It was a lonely enough position, however, aB the nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alf and his sister Uved hi the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many guests. I had met them in Paris. One Sun day morning while enjoying a contemplative cigar on the top of Napoleon's Arc De Triomph, and surveying the unrivalled urban views which can be caught from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of the beautiful. Ada and her brother Alf Meadows had been Uke myself admiring the magnifioenoe of the Queen city. As they were strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed oat the beauties of the Taileries, the Louvre, the Invalids and the other show places. We became friends, and it was not very lone until I fairly succumbed, and was the devoted slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was a Uttle taken aback when I discovered my acquaintanoee came from the opposite side of the world, but ' love conquers aU things,' and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand mileB journey, but even veritable transportation itself, provided I could claim her as my own in the end. I had armed at Cairnstock House the very day (23rd December) on which the fore going conversation had taken place, and somewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed some business in Melbourne more qniokly than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not expected home until the next day, and I had to be contented with the company of her brother, a dear, good friend, bat scarcely a satisfactory substi tute. After dinner I happened to say that the position and surroundings of the house would bring to mind one of those haunted establishments of which old country folk think they h&ve; the monopoly. I was sur prised to see my btothet-in-fiuuro take the matter, as the French Bay, art grand terieux, and actually consider the possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual devil-me-care characteris tics, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, but was still more astonished at seeing Alf 's face lose all its buoyancy, and assume something very Uke the aspect of fear. I had not the slightest idea of what he meant by his final proposal, and asked him to explain himself. He remained for some time in deep thought and at last said : ' Yon have a right to know all about it, and therefore aB it is a family matter I shall tell you, though when you have heard the story yon will understand why we don't muoh care to speak about it to outsiders. He paused again and then proceeded : 'My grandfather came oat to Van Dieman's Land among the earliest of the colonists. He had been in the army, and therefore very easily got aU the fine land which you can see for miles around ub. The climate of the country suited him and his family well, and indeed it would have been a wonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in saoh a country after hiB life of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had aU the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and these were exaggerated by the position of absolute maBterdom in which he -found him self. You are aware, I suppose, that the con victs were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but yon are not aware that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred the un fortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they were the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crime and ready for any description of villainy. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember well aU over the island the gibbets on whioh were hung in chains the bodies of many an outlaw and bushranger. Bat these wretches were men at least, and they were treated aB brute beasts, and we need scarcely say they gave beasts' service. You cannot conoeive the horror which this lovely island witnessed — much less can you conceive the causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not acoount for them. ' My grandfather for a long tune had very little trouble with his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him Uttle good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned ser vants there waB one who had contrived to worm himself a little into the confidence of his master by sneaking and tale-bearing on his fellows. It is one of the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery that it insen sibly vitiates the character of the masters themselves. The old soldier who detested anything Uke meanness, tolerated worse than meannesB in the people, whom he looked upon as inferior animals, and he thought Limping Joe a very useful creature. Joe, on the other hand, hated the Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. The Colonel believed in the cat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on bis back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to have met the old man alone, but the ohanoes of a straggle with him were desperate, and besides hiB sudden death would have been a poor satisfaction for the years of oppression at which it most be confessed my grandfather was an adept. ' A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new-comer was a man who had been convicted of con nection with some trade outrage in Sheffield. It was a strange time that, when men were driven from home and all they oved for the merest trifle, or if they showed the slightest opposition to the all-powerful oligarchy. The misfortunes of his life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretch had come to the ygry worst place for sympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing bat the moBt ordinary communication between, his servants and his family, and the young fellow., innocent as he was proved to be, was left to brocd over the injustice of the world without a word of consolation or a touoh of kindness. No wonder that there was nothing on his side bat sullen submission, and on my grandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil out of him.' ' By all accounts Colonel Meadows made Caimstook a hell to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. You will see a large tree on the opposite side of the back court, and near it a detached building. The building is the old Bridewell to whioh prisoners were consigned before being sent to Hobart, and, Heaven help us, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that paltry house could tell some awful tales if we could give them tongues. ' The Colonel had two children, a girl and a boy, both of whom he loved passionately, as men such as he sometimes do ; but he especially adored the lovely Uttle Ada, the very apple of his eye. You will know whence my Bister gets her name. Matters grew worse and worse for Williams, and Limping Joe watohed everything with a tiger's eye. About this time there were re ports that a strong body of bushrangers who had kept the western parts of the island in terror had come northward, and then Joe, taking advantage of the despair and wretohed ness which possessed Williams' soul, tempted him to join them. Williams seeing nothing but a life of misery or self-destruction before him consented, and one night they settled to start the next day for the mountains, and appointed a place of meeting. On that next day little Ada was found dead on the bank of the river, and her lovely body was mutilated almost beyond recognition. A bloody knife was found near, and every one recognised it as having belonged to Williams. He was not to be found, and of course the crime was at once laid at his door. Certainly the attend ing circumstances went far to prove his guilt, and at that time much less would have established it in the eyes of free colonists. No one in the hurry and oonfusion seemed to notice the absence of Limping Joe. There was at that time one of the aborigi nals hanging about the station. We have contrived to civilise them off the face of the earth, so you wiU not have a chance of seeing a specimen. His services as a tracker were immediately employed, and Boon there was a strong party in pursuit. I need give you no details. It will be enough to tell you that the fugitives were overtaken, and after a fierce struggle Williams was severely wounded and made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, and as it was thought the murderer was hard and fast no very active pursuit was made after his companion. ' The captive was brought here and thrown into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable sight. When he was accused of the crime he denied it in the strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and he waB alone. Their passions were excited, and some one more brutal than the rest pro posed to roast the prisoner or make nun con fess. I can scarcely bear to tell you the end. Good God ! how unlimited power brutalizes as! The wounded man was dragged before a large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of the boughs, exposed to the double torture of the fire and of his injuries. I can not imagine that the executioners really meant more than to extort a confession, but whether they meant more or not the miser able man was not cut down until his senses had forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged him back to the look-up he partially recovered, and seeing my, grandfather near he cursed him and his, and prayed that neither his son nor his son's son should ever live to reach his own age. The poor fellow's body was found cold, stiff, and still in the cell — done to death by oar omniscient law. The very next day came his free pardon, his entire inno cence of the crime in Sheffield having been proved. A short time brought the confirma tion of his innocence of the murder also. Limping Joe joined the bushrangers just in time to share in a few depredations and in their speedy nun. He was shot down, and had barely time left to confess that he was the murderer of Uttle Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself he had used Williams' knife to do the deed. ' These few bald particulars will not be sufficient to make you realise the horrible truth. One almost doubts the goodness of the Creator when we puzzle ourselves to find why such things can be. The share poor Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and I would give all these broad lands that no one of my blood had helped to make his part in Ufe more wretched. Sometimes I think that his corse most have fallen on ub. My father had barely reached thirty-five — William's age was about that — when his dead body was washed op by the river near the spot where his sister's had been found years before. Oar poor mother did not sur vive him long, and we were left to the strangers' care. In all the southern hemis phere we have neither kith or kin to care for as or feel for as. Can it be the corse ? ' The story affected me more than I cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not often brought face to face with such horrors. But I was not going to let a simple story so easily undermine my f oredrawn conclusions, and I said to Alf : ' It is certainly a most painful incident to be even remotely connected with, but yon will scarcely bring me to believe that the actors in the tragedy have not something better to do than return to the scene. Is it said your Uttle Bridewell is haunted? To be sore there aren't many places that deserve it more.' ' Yon may judge for yourself if you Uke,' said AU, ' but I give you fair warning. I would not pass a night there for a kingdom. I have done it onoe, and once is enough in a life-time.' ' Well, I shall try it this very night. Ada will not be home until to-morrow, and I may as well spend the time unravelling the secret.'- ' All right; and if you do so no one will thank you more heartily for anything than I shall for this.' The conversation turned on other topics, but Alf's spirits seemed to have fallen to zero, and gradually we became silent. I watohed the lengthening shadows of the trees pass slowly over the lawn as the sun dipped towards the western hills, and contrasted in my own mind the cold and dreary Christmas landscape of England with the gorgeous brilliancy of the scene before me. I was so absorbed in this that it was with a sadden start I heard three rapid knooks just as the Bun disappeared behind a distant peak. I jumped to my feet at once, and was rather surprised that Alf took no notice unless a sickly smile on his lips betrayed bis having heard it. ' What was that ? ' said I. 'Oh, nothing!' said he, 'or, rather, something we are pretty well accustomed to.' Of course I could not show too muoh curiosity, yet I could not help feeling some thing uncanny, but this gradually wore away under the combined influence of a stiff glass of toddy and the soothing smoke of a frag rant Havannah. Meantime whatever Uttle preparations were necessary to make thejsolitary Bridewell tenant able for a night had been made before sun down, and Alf told me pretty plainly that I should have Uttle chance of company, unless the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for mileB around would venture near the Uttle building for its weight in gold. This, however, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, darmgmore than fifty yean. CHAPTER II. There are two classes of sceptics with re gard to spiritual manifestions. The first simply ignores everything that would seem to savoi of proof. Such extraordinary circum stances as Lord Brougham relates in his Autobiography, are to them merely evidences of a disordered Uver, or at the best, only vague proofs of some affinity between mortals not depending on material existence, the exact extent of which science will determine in the fulness of time. The other class will acknowledge the possibility of communica tion between the other world and thiB, but doubt that there are isolated oases of such communication. They say with fair enough reasoning, that the benefit to mankind would be so great that if granted at all it would be universal. Now, I belonged to the former class. Of course my education had led me to speculate on theories which have been before the world for centuries, but my conclusions were widely different from the supernatural. The Luere tian doctrine of a present mtnd in matter seemed to me to satisfy all the demands of so-called spiritual phenomena, and where we could not comprehend, we could take that doctrine as the basis of our investigations. My experience had never given me an oppor tunity of putting my theory to any test, and it waB something akin to pleasure I found at hand a chance of testing the matter. The evident sincerety of my friend assured me that, so far at least as he was concerned, there was nothing approaching imposition, but this did not convince me that there was no imposition elsewhere. If human beings had anything to do with an attempt to frighten the stranger, I was determined they would not get off scot free. I took with me a faithful little revolver, which had done me good service on the Upper Nile. The Uttle building was a plain structure two stories high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The upper etorey had been the prison. The prisoners were secured in a very primitive fashion. The upper storey was reached by a ladder and trap-door, to which were still attached the rusty remains of the ancient fastenings. This means of confinement certainly saved the trouble of the warders who took possession of the lower chamber, but there was Uttle need of con stant watch and ward. A stretcher bed, a table and a fire were all the preparations made for my reception — the fire only to give some cheerfulness to the desolate scene, as the weather was warm enough. I had pro vided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a small bull's eye lantern, and to occupy my mind had brought a copy of Horace, whose sterling common- sense and manliness would, I thought, prove an antidote to any mental vagaries. I first mounted a crazy ladder, and tho roughly examined the upper chamber, but found nothing— absolutely nothing. The poor prisoners had not even a ray of light to gladden them. There was not even a slit in the thick masonry to admit a stray sunbeam. Verily our fathers were men of iron. The inspection did not take long to com plete, and I turned to the trap-door to descend, but as I came near I saw it gradually fall over, and that, too, without any noise, though it creaked load enough when I first pushed it from beneath. Down it sank gradually as if the moving power supported it in its desoent, not as if it had received one impulse and then dropped of its own weight. Of course the time taken was not sufficient for me to reason on thn matter. I could only grasp for the moment the bare fact that the door was shut and that I had probably neglected to push it up high enough. Passing my fingers through an opening at the side I palled and pulled with all my might, but the door resisted every effort. Again and again I tried in every direction without any success, and I had come to the conclusion that by some means or other it had got jammed, and I should have to spend my night on the bare boards, when it suddenly flew open with such violence that I was almost dashed against the wall, and at the same moment I heard what I can only desoiibe as the echo of a hoarse laugh, bat where it came from I could not say. lam not ashamed to confess that when I got to the foot of the ladder I seriously deliberated whether or not I should give tip the enterprise, bat the fear of chaff, which makes many a man a hero, prevailed, and I determined to see it out. I threw myself, dressed as I was, on the Uttle bed. At its head was the table, on which were placed the lamp, the revolver, and my watch. I settled down to one of the Satires, and for a time forgot where I was. Just as my eyes began to feel heavy I was re called to fall consciousness by observing a pe culiar haze grow around the lamp. One minute before it burned bright and dear, now, though the flame was still there, it seemed robbed of its light. I quickly sat upon the bed, and with something Uke terror saw the blaze of both lamp and fire overwhelmed by a palpable darkness. The darkness approached slowly, as if it was a bodily entity, and bit by bit conquered its enemy, just as a thick mist covers the landscape after sunset. I felt its approach, bat if I could have gained a king dom by doing so I could not move a single limb. It approached from all sides, and just as its most opaque part reached the table something Uke an immense hand was Bent forth and enveloped revolver and watch be fore my eyes. My senses were painfully acute, and I thought Icould hear the clink of the chain of the hitter when it was raised from the table. I myself was forced backward as if by a mighty weight, but felt no weight, or even touch. For some seconds I lay without moving, but bending every power of my mind to resist, I would not fear. Then I waB conscious of the bed floating in the air, though I could perceive no motion. It soon settled again, but I thought in a different position, and I immediately seemed to recover some power over my Umbs. I tried to pierce the surrounding darkness with staring eyes, but I felt as if the blackness clothed everything Uke a positive envelope, and for the first tune I realised 'a ^»hiw whioh could be felt,' not merely a negative want of light. From one part, however, I was convinced all these manifestations pro ceeded. It was Uke a centre of operation, and to this part I directed all my attention. Without any relief in the surrounding dark ness, I fancied the obscurity here became in tensified and the other parts by contrast less dim. Soon it took shape — indefinite, but still a shape, and at the same instant a lurid glare tinged the extremities and gave a horrid prominence to the indistinct mass. Like the phantasms of a fever it revolved within itself, and the horror of its possibili ties were in my mind a thousand times more dreadful than the realities. One minute, and there struck my ears the shrill scream of a child, which curdled the blood in my veins, and then the revolutions and contor tions redoubled. Soon I heard the hoarse cries of anger, mingled with the groans and sobs of one in mortal agony, and the heavy tread of men in the chamber above, and the Bickening thump, thump as of a body dragged roughly over the floor, filled my ears. The huge indefinite mass seemed the origin and source from whioh all this arose. To me it took the form of an irrevocable destiny. Notwithstanding all these horrors I retained my senses, and even tried hard to speculate on them. That I was in the immediate presence of some awful power I knew ; that it could injure me I doubted, so long as I was true to myself. The greatest torture I en dured was the consciousness of my own im potence. I could only passively resist my spiritual faculties being weakened by human disabilities. What I saw dimly appeared the reflection of the evolution of an inevitable fate. While these thoughts crossed my mind the mass before me became more and more distinct, as the obscure forms of a magic lantern gradually assume shape on the ilia mined field, and there stood oat in relief a face with the features writhed and distorted with agony and hate. The face did not seem to npresant the mass as the human face rep resents the man. It seemed rather an iwmmft. tion or product of it. I waa horror struck by its expression but did not fear it. It gradually faded and gave place to a succession of ghastly appearances, each of which retained human characteristics, but a thousand times more repulsive than the creation of a nightmare. AU this time I was endeavoring, with all my strength of will, to parauade myself that what I looked at was nothing but a waking vision without reality — a dismal fancy, bat I dared not, however, attempt to spring up and dispel the illusion. I caught myself hoping that the horrid din might bring some one to my assistance, and the next moment I doubted if anyone save myself could hear it. From the very fact that I could reason on the matter, I judged I waB regarding a reaUty, not the phantasmagoria of delusion. The whirling of the centre still continued, and gradually it seemed to take the form of a child with long fair hair, bat a glow around the head revealed the features a mass of wounds, and a broad deep gash from ear to ear. The sight for an instant almost un manned me, and I felt my courage to endure almost forsaking my heart actually. I hoped for insensibility as a relief from this mental torture. By some intuition I seemed at thiB moment to gain an insight into the hidden meaning. I thought I looked upon thegfate of the house to which I was about to ally myself, at least its fate hi connection with that place. The mythology of ancient Greece and Borne gives as many instances of places being under the direct influence of some occult power, sometimes benevolent, more frequently male volent or capricious. The folk-lore of Ger many, of Ireland, of Scotland, and indeed of all countries, tells us of the awfnl power of these genii loci. Why then if there ia the slightest grounds for such traditions should these countries not have them as well as those longer known? The malign influence with which they are credited in Europe may be quite as active in Australia, and they may have revenged themselves for some fancied slight on the family of my host and of my future wife. It is strange that such thoughts, and indeed conclusions, should force themselves on my mind at such a moment. I seemed, however, at this stage to have become an indifferent spectator, and by the force of logic to have reconciled myself to look upon thiB horrid apparition as one having no person! interest in its significance, but I was mistaken. Suddenly, the darkness lifted Uke the fleecy cloud before the morning breeze. The scene enlarged and I saw the deep river as it flowed past the Caimstock meadows ; bat, great Heavens ! in the stream, struggling for Ufe and beating the waters with ineffectual blows, I saw my dear friend, my brother. God of Heavens! was ita fact, a present disaster, or the premonition of a future fate? Madly I* straggled to hurl myself from my coach, bat I was bound to it as if by seven- fold cords, and had to gaze helpless while the white ghastly face rose ''^ sank again and again ontil the waters slowly rippled over his head, and the dark shadow became more and mon obscure in the cold depth of the stream. The ioy sweat of horror sprang from every pore, and I fancied the sound of hideous mocking laughter— the laughter of fiends— filled all the space around. I was powerless — powerless, and could not even summon courage enough to put an end to my agony, by active resistance. The river scene then changed, and a dis tinct view of the House appeared, bat how different! The flames gushed from every window. The ohimneys tottered and threat* ened the roof-tree, across which the stealthy fire spread slowly as if sore of its prey. Bat whom did I see at one of the windows got with a dreadful circle of lambent flame? The glowing eddy Ueks her form, and her glorious hair is shrivelled at the touch. Soon the bright form will be in its deadly embrace, and my Ada, my Ufe, my soul — -. Human nature could stand no more. I shrieked an agony, and threw out my hand. It was clasped in cold, deadly fingers, and . from the extremity of the nails to the shoulder a chill as of the grave struck to the very marrows. I remember no more. When my senses were restored, Ada was inft»Pfiff over my bed, her sweet countenance betraying the anxiety &he; felt, and Alf, with misery in every feature, stood watching me. He bitterly blamed himself, and was blamed by his sister for allowing me to subject my* self to such an ordeal, bat I maintained that only myself was in fault, if any fault there were. It was anything bat a merry Christ mas we spent. I related what I saw to Alf, and he Beamed struck with my theory of ac counting for the phenomena. ' I may tell you,' said he, ' that on that awful night I spent in that room I saw everything that you saw, with the exception of my own appearance. That the two of us should have the same experience is some thing more than extraordinary. Yon mean to say that probably the influence, whatever it may be, is only local, and if we should re move from this we should have peace.' 'At any rate I think so, and it is simply useless to attempt to reason on such a theme. It is one of those things which oar philosophy cannot comprehend. I give you my word, my Ada, with my will, and pleasure will never re-enter this house after she onoe leaves its door in my company. Indeed, I should prefer Oat oar marriage should take place immediately in Launeeston, and, dear Alf, you will, I am Bure, agree with me that after that dreadful night I have not ~~' muoh prospect of peace of mind in this country at all, beautiful as it is.' Ada and I were married a week after. We persuaded Alf to remove to Victoria, and he easily got rid of the old station. There is one subject we rarely speak about, and that is the old Bridewell at Cairnstook House. This is my story, and I leave the wise to account for what I have related. The fool may say it is all nonsense, the man of the world may say, a dream of feverish excite ment, but the sage wfll say, there is mon thing*! in Nature than we dream of in oar philosophy. . The Emperor of Austria has just presented the Sultan of Turkey with six white hones of remarkable symmetry and beauty. These horses are of Spanish breed which exists only in the Emperor's stud, who possesses now only a dozen. Two superb sets of harness wen sent with each horse. 