OUR PARIS LETTER ' Paris, June 28. . Only the Ministerialists expressed approbation pending M. Ferry's Egyptian declaration. But the ironical laughter though subdued was general when he paid a tribute to the *' disinterestedness " of England. French opinion neither warmly applauds nor strongly disapproves, of the compromise. Like all compromises, it contains the sweet and the nitter. France regains the footing in Egypt that she lost by her blocking out of her engagements to uphold ihe Khedive, leaving England to do so single handed,. and expend—or waste, her blood and treasure. France also will once again have a finger in the financial pie, or messes ; and further she relinquishes the ghost of the.condominium which was as dead "as a boxed sardine, and renounces all designs to enter Egypt after the British grenadiers retire ; —so long as she is not at war with England. All the great -powers appear in the role of the Good Samaritan, only they leave to John Bull the furnishing of the oil and the two pence. And as a further evidence of their generosity, if, after supplying 200,000 francs, and devoting his time and talents to set Egypt on her feet, he achieves that desideratum within three years, he will as a recompense be sent about his business, and the International Board will reign in his stead. Li ordinary life, the administrator who has proved successful,is never discharged to make room for an unknown. - 'The adage, that too many cooks spoil the broth,- will apply with great force to the international cuisinbers. That kind multiple control,: commences by. duping, and finishes by quaxrelling. and the latter is only the overture to .fighting. It will be about.as efficacious as the Congress of Vienna and the balance of power—an institution interred witft -metterifch. : The -Ihteinraojitair; poaj^'SraU? be" 'a happy family,, where each "member will fie occupied drawing and pulling as milch of the * common hed-quilt -over himself as -possible. There is-one advantage for England:, she is in possession, ..and that's nine points of law. No sane man believes she will make a new Egypt within three years. That's her strong point. She has then "thefield" in her favor, and who can predict the map of the world in three years hence P Just now there is in the air a fever- on the pert of tlie great powers to, seize territories. An earth hunger rages. It may not last till 1888; epidemics, are the more short-lived the more they are violent. And it is something io have the old hypocrisy of a . Conference or a Congress to fall back upon, as a kind of break on the gobbling up policy of the tritons. It allows the more convenient season to come. The French instinctively feel, and they are about right, that England is a fixture in Egypt. Were she to now declare, she intended to protect or.annex.the Nile valley, the other great powers would at once seize territories on which they have longing eyes; result, general war. The latter is certain tocome, but let England not provoke or discount it. To internationalize Egypt and the Suez canal, is beyond the comprehensible grasp of Frenchmenfor the moment. As a general rule, thej have little confidence in " buffer states;" these are tolerated so long as they are "not in the way of the plans and ambition of a Brogdignag. Holland is doomed, Iike f the Luxcnbourg, to be absorbed by Germany—the date 7 only is not fixed. Belgium's neutrality will be recognised, so long as it does not block the way in a collision between France and Germany. In 1870, Bismarck revealed the practical joke he had been playing on Napoleon III, who was ready to seize Belgium in exchange for Prussian annexation of bits of the Ehine, Holland being a morsel. And Napoleon I paid very little respect to Swiss neutrality : he soon converted li into a French department. Ala king Egypt a little heaven below, Belgian model, is a day-dream. To internationalize the Suez Canal is a momentous question for England. Who, or what, is to protect it the day the great powers are at war? A house divided against itself cannot stand. For John Bull, the conclusion of the complications, the sentimental programmes and the incense burned to his disinterestedness is, " all round St. Paul's, not forgetting number one," and to make himself so good a dry-nurse for Egypt, that the baby could never exist a day without him. After all it is England remains the pivot in European combinations. With France, she keeps Germany and Bussia in check; with Germany, she does the same towards France and Bussia. The death of the Crown Prince of Holland is not viewed here with equanimity. It is -^discounted as a march nearer home for •Germany! Treaties of neutrality about . the Luxembourg, and family rights to the Dutch crown, will count for little when Bismarck decides the moment has come to zollvernize both ; the. Chancellor does not indulge in such romance as internationalizing states; he" leaves that to others—when it does not affect Germany. The French count upon Holland becoming a Bepublic, as that .form of Government with her had onco been the ark of liberties for the world. That was the Bepublic which troubled England on the seas, and resisted the united arms of Charles II and Louis. XIV. But she is not now the Holland of the seventeenth century. Napoleon I said, Holland was an alluvium of the French rivers, the Bhine, the Meuse, and the Scheldt, and so annexed it to the empire. Holland did not open her dykes then, as she did against the Romans, the Spaniards, and army of Louis XIV. Nor would she do so to-morrow were a German corps d'a-nn.ee to cross her frontier. The play would not be worth the candle. Were Holland in the German constellation, the Atcheen war, which is as long-standing as some old legs, might be brought to a conclusion, and the Nisero affair cleared up. Under Germany, too, the Dutch fleet might escape from being again taken by a charge of French cavalry when ice-bound. But the Dutch resemble their country; they are firm, patient, calm and strong; they are more wise than heroic; more conservative than creative; they acquire gradually, and never lose. The wonder has often been expressed, if land or water predominate in Holland; if the sea be rivers, or the latter seas. Philosophers are of opinion, Holland is a transition between land and water. One fact certain: it is a conquest made by man from seas, rivers ana lakes. From the sea we can only perceive the roofs of houses and tops of towers. Nature, said a native poet, refused all her gifts to Holland, and the Dutch owe all they possess, despite nature. They live on a war-footing with tliC sea, for Holland is a fortress, defended by granite and wood, and pump, wind-mills. In Holland all is silence and lotus-repose. The very houses seem asleep and bear against each other, or nod street-wands. '-"-• -- . In France we have only the slice of a banock for residence; our apartments are sandwiched. In Holland everyone has his house, recalling; by its order and cleanliness, aye its marrow, snugness; a ship's cabin. How. the brass knobs and metals shine; the saucepans arc Venetian mirrors, and the fire-irons have been taken out of a band- box I A Dutch house-wife is ever- scrubbing away, and for her, paradise will be nothing if it be not as material as a Mussulman's, possessing scouring, brushing and polishing facilities. The village of Brock is a " health exhibition " in itself in point of cleanliness. No smoking is allowed in the streets between'sun-rise and sun-set, lest the ashes of pipes might soil the footway ; a straw or a morsel of paper, is picked up and thrown into the canal; shoes have to be blacked and clothes brushed, five hundred. yards outside of the town; small boys are employed to blow the dust from between the cracks of the paring stones; cattle and horses must be led through the streets, and the owners are responsible for all sanitary indiscretions on the part of the animals; guests are carried in the arms, lest their dusty feet might soil the floor, an history records the terrible fate tliat once overtook some boys, for throwing away cherry stones in the streets of Broek. Negotiations have _ been commenced with the Prince de Monaco, to know with what sauce he would like to have his game birds cooked. He does not wish his " hells " to be abolished at all, and he is. proverbially a pious man. But M. Ferry has-resolved to> at least suppress gambling at MonappjJ as he has abolished the bull fights in the south of France. " Surgeon Laliorde has sent in-his report on the experiments he made on Campi's -head, the assassin. ^decapitated seven weeks ago. He says, electricity can produce facial extortion, but all life, intelligence, and sensation ceases, the moment the brain is deprived of'its current of feeding blood. 