A CHAT ABOUT FREEMASONRY. Lady Neta, 8th May.) A aiitAT M masonic function will take place at Peterborough next Wednesday, over which Lord Carnavon, is Pro G and M islet, will preside He. will be shipped led by men of you ii in 1 other distinction, in cluding persons us a uiously representing is the Bishop of Peterborough, Four John Manners, and Mr "W L Foster whose names HiigDesl i smiled the let us all pin poll of the Pope's recent encyclical against Britain soon) The Pope probably knows his own business best We may presume that he thinks he his some reason for those great curses that he spoke to us in England this traditional animosity appears scarcely worthy of the Holy Catholic Church, homes and Apostolic There is plenty of bigger game in the way of watch edness going on till in the occasion of business of Freemasons on the homeward path We do not find that Ficem sons in the ordinary paths of life are desperate secret, and revengeful The licensee is the Pope beholds him in his mind's eye, probably wears shrouds has, a vision, i sent skin coat with all the pockets full of flying mile, and a dagger concealed about his person the eye of his inability knows that the songs of the Apollo Lodge are charged with treason and illness, and Uni the Deputy GM and is the hidden enemy of society Like the serpent in a di one of M Sei ibes, "ho pi ously dv meet, in camp all, passage which Sense appears to have borrowed from a passage in which finds says that live serpents shelled against a city, and one of them, with a car, leaped over the will The ideal Pi co mason of the Pope hus- all the ci awling subtlety combined with all the hostile daring and agility possessed by the students of these illustrious pools, Pinda md M Scribe At home anyone may be Free mason, from " Britain s pink and Canton is hope (as in old water fondly despair lies in illustrious personage), to the unambitious grocer the conscientious plumber, and the artistic though dilatory bookbinder It is not even a "first thing in England to be a Freemason the secret orgies of the ci ift (w Inch the Pope probably third s resemble the banquets of Gilles de Eels) are not really dishevelled Children are not form ed with an accompaniment of music by Oilui back, and cannibalism on those occasions is quite obsolete The lodges of British Piec masonry are the abodes of the social virtues i benevolent kind of brotherly feeling prevails, and sends round the li it in favour of brethren distressed In Italy, doubtless, Masonry is not the same thing as our hair less secret friendly society Anything sect el m Italy is traditionally detested by persons in power A secret society of the most innocent appearance might be the clerk of Carbonari or other political conspirators The Church, like Lord Beaconsfield, believes in secret societies, believes md troubles The Freemasons are a secret society, there fore, argues the Pontiff, it is about time to give them their accustomed little encyclic d We shall not attempt to unravel the secret history of the M usonic past It is orthodox to believe that Freemasons descend from a Sident in Guild, organised about the time of the building of Solomon s temple A more distant source may be sought in the erection of the Tower of B feel the need oval cam p lines of Masons, the builders of the of famous masters, ils j appear among the f ramers of the craft Now there is little doubt that all these builders had their own secrets We still speak of the " art and mystery of my handicraft The world mystery is probably a corruption of the word masterly, or mastery , but the change is significant In times past all arts were shrouded in mystery The trade unionism of the time had no better way of keeping the secrets of the trade to themselves Con sider the state of the first man who learned how to work iron He had a secret of immense value which he could not possibly patent owing to the absence of patent laws at that early period He and those with whom he went partners would therefore devise rude contemporary substitutes for patent laws They would work i forge as secretly as a secret still in the High ands They would set about appalling tales of spiritual workmen, gnomes, and beholds, Telchines, and the cabin When a new partner was taken into the business he would be sworn to keep the process dark by the most awful oaths then invented Probably he would be made to face ordeals of a soft appalling to persons who did not know my better We see all this parade of mystery and much mummery of magic and elision still active e, for example, in South America When the tubal sorcerer is preparing our di 01 clear, the snow poison, he surrounds himself with all the mystic tenors it his disposal No doubt At sons once li id mysteries of their own, like the crafts More than other ci gets, paid hips, they needed mystery. In their "palisade human sacrifice was" practised long after it had elsewhere disappeared. It was usual, in many lands, to build up a living human being in the walls of a new house, or to slay a child, and bury him beneath the threshold. The idea was that the ghost of the dead would guard the building, as it is still supposed to do in Roumania. Skeletons found within the walls of very ancient structures bear uncanny witness to the wide diffusion of this practice. Clearly a trade which had such arts needed a good deal of mystery. Mystery the early Masons doubtless possessed, though we are as far as possible from hinting that any such dark knowledge is in- herited by modern Freemasons. " In my opinion," says Socrates, " they who established the mysteries, whoever they were, knew much of human nature." Socrates, like Angelica in the "House and the king" was always right." The people who established the mysteries knew a great deal of human nature. Freemasonry gratifies the natural human love of having and keeping a secret. You cannot watch children at play for an hour but you will see three or four of them conspiring in a corner. They come out looking " arcane" (Thomas Taylor, the Plalonist, is responsible for the word), and satisfied, as if they had some deep esoteric knowledge to themselves. The other children observe this, and are maddened by curiosity and envy. Then the little ones who first clubbed together say, " We have a secret," and bear themselves proudly. This childish delight in a secret is at the bottom of all mysteries and Masonries. How many men, from Arnorius and Clemens to Creaser and Lubeck, have dashed their intellects against the mysteries of ancient Greece, trying to penetrate their arcana I How numerous are they who have tried to unriddle the spell of Konxompax, and asked what was in the sacred ark, or what the meaning of the mystic cakes ! Lobeck came pretty near hitting on the great secret that there was not any secret at all. He revealed the probability that there was next to nothing to conceal. No more than anticipated, what Maury has perhaps seen more clearly the discovery that the Greek mysteries were the relics of savage mummeries, meaningless, cruel, obscene. When the initiate of Dionysius waved serpents about their heads, they did what Red Indians are, only they used some, tangles reptiles, not rattlesnakes. When the Spartans scourged boys before the face of Artemis Oithia they did what Apaches do, and Kaffirs, and Australian blacks. When the Greeks whirled little slats of wood in their mysteries to make a roaring noise, and warn away the profane, they acted as Maoris act, and Zunis, Kamilaroi, and Kurnai. The molherof-¿Enchines, like any old negro woman or American squaw, daubed the initiate over with white clay. All these things are part of the famed mysteries of Greece, and part of the mysteries of the rudest barbarians. No noble secret was conceded or revealed in the original form of these rules, but the age of full manhood or womanhood was consecrated, or the adventures of some foolish deity wore acted in a mystery play. Doubt- less, labor Greece, about the time of Pindar, lent something of her own nobility to the ceremonies of the EleuBiuin. But, in the beginning, the mysteries concealed nothing worth knowing, any more than the area of our own Masonry are believed to hide important truths, good or evil. 