ACADEMY OF MUSIC. HUDSON'S SURPRISE PARTY. A large audience, eager to be amused, assembled at the Academy on Saturday even- <*> ing, to witness the opening performance of Hudson's (Surprise Party on their return to this colony, and it may fairly be said that a hearty welcome was extended to these popular purveyors of mirth and song. The company count* several new faces since its lart appear i ance in Adelaide, and the programme was novel as well as amusing throughout Mr.T. Hudson was excellent as ever in hit fun making of " Bones," and was ably supported by Miss Haven as interlooatrif, and Mr. O. Smith as "Tambo." The first part of the programme consisted of comic and senti mental songs, interspersed with the usual jokes and conundrums. Of these latter the company have laid in a new and effective stock, as the frequent roars of laughter among the spectators testified on Saturday evening. Miss May Melville it gifted with a fine voice, which was heard to advantage in her ballad of "Dream faces." Most sueoestful were the comic songs "McCarth'a mare," given by Mr. Smith, and a very laughable presentation of Bunthome's celebrated aesthetic ditty entitled "The Uppity flop young man,", rendered with characteristic humor by Mr. Hudson. The first part of the entertainment concluded with an amusing i ghost interlute, in which Mr. Hudson's terror- stricken farclal contortions and won drously erectile "wool" are something to witness. In the second part Miss Dagay rendered several selections on the piano very cleverly, and Mr. Albert Manvers showed himself a thorough skating artiste. The Tyrolean duet from "Madame F?varf was veil song by Mia May Melville and Mia AdaMaven. The next item was Mr. Fred. Dark's musical and character sketches. This is Mr. Dark's first appearance in Adelaide, but his lively descriptions and clever imper sonations of character, a* well as hi* musical abilities, rendered him a favorite with the audience at ance. Mr. Oscar Smith showed superior powers as a ventriloquist, andevolved a great deal of a?tusemeot oat of his puppets, and especially ont of the remarkable manner inwhteh he induced them to sing " Father, come home." Messrs. Hudson ana Manvers, attired as colored senators, gave an amusing scene of the break-down type, which waa thoroughly appreciated by the gallery. Mim Bellle Barley received an encore for her patriotic song, "The flag of Australia," m also Miss May Melville for her very able singi?g of *' The wood nymph* calL" An enjoyable evening* closed with the screaming i sketch," Jambn Arrival." The new CtaC cago foldingchairs with which the stalls wen fitted for the first time on Saturday night, , were a great improvement in the sitting ajwmwawpiiatifln -uf *iw house. i 