I ASow Venr Mnrrlnire. I Jinny ycntn ngo. In tlio ilnyn of hoops nml Imlchcs, swlnn-cbnlre nml gold snuff-boxes Iwlmii that dull, demented klnpr, George the I 'flilnl, snt upon tho Throne, n young Welsh I girl, of genteel hut Impoverished fnmlly, Ic.imc! to London, with her Invnlid mother Imifl mndo nor debut ns n nnlilin nlnwo. 1. ' If-lnffo of Drory Lnno Theatre. She had an exquisite voice, and face of marvellous beauty, ami she immediately became the toast of clubs and coffee- houses, the desire |of all eyes, tho idol of tho hour. Lovers Hocked al>out her, liko bees to the honey of llymcttus. But fair Bess Knvc was as frigid .19 she was beautiful— as flawless in rcputa- tion as in face. Tho advances of the wits Kind gallants of tho day she repulsed with aim disdain. To none of her admirers did Khc show the smallest favor. Young and old, iigh and low, peer and commoner, wcro I rented with the same supreme and impartial Indifference. Did the lovely caiitnlrico pos- css a heart ? None could say. I It was New Year's Eve, dreary and cold, n the vicinity of St. James's-strect, at the lime of which 1 write, stood a coffce-houso, Known by the name of the Star and the I'rown, and much frequented by young loods, who could use their swords as freely 4 their tongues, and who drank mighty Brought of punch and Lisbon, while gam- ling at tho curious mahogany card-tables, r gossiping over tho news nnd scandals of lie hour. ;l The principal room of the place had a low Ailing crossed by heavy beams. On this Wow Year's Evo a fire of logs blazed merrily under the projecting firc-idncc. A rass-bound buffctt, ornnmcntcd with a luge puuch-bowl. filled a corner 5 a portrait 'If Queen Anne liung on the wall. The pindlc-lcggcd chain were rctlcctcd in ihc .dished oaken floor as in a mirror. One :rson only occupied the usually crowded :Ipartmcut— a man, who stood at a window, ,1-ilding back tho red curtain, and looking ,.1'Wn into the London street with an ah- 'meted, yet Impatient air. K lie was blonde nnd youug, nnd of a pecu- irly striking appearance. It was in the iiiivs of powder nnd periwigs, but ho wore ,1 own luxuriant hair tied simply with a Jbbon. His garments wcro of plum Wlorcd velvet, stiff with embroidery, and 'millcs of fino lace fell over his white mils. A waiter entered with candles. " You are waiting for some one, my lord 1" 1 ventured to say, recognising in the blondo ntlcmnn nn Aafi/fwd of tlic place. I" Yes," was the brief nnswer. I" I wish your lordship. a happy New Lord Frederick Polo tossed a crown to tho inker., ' Sdcnlh r'honnswered, drily, "that is a |ort wish, hut a vain one. Where tho dcuca u that fellow be — " A step on the shallow stair without. The or opened, nnd the man for whom ho kited stepped into the coffee-room. He, too,. was plainly a pcrsou of import, cc— dark and comely of face, and dnsiiing Id soldierly in appearance, lie wore tho l.rlct gold-laced cloth nud blue facings of I: King's life gunrd. I'Ab, ho begun, bowing ccremoniously to |rd Pole, "I crave a thousand pardons for rplng your lordship waiting, I bad letters I write to— to relatives nnd friends." I' It' docs hot signify," replied Lord Pole, lately. " I havo suffered no particular in- Iwcnicncc.". Then he turned to tho liter. ' " An empty room," he said, " nnd a rhe servant knew the ways of the young ilnnts of the period. He ventured a faint test. 'Lord love you, gentlemen, have a care Lit you do ! " -Blockcod I" interrupted tho dark guards- In with vehemence, "did you not hear his iship ? 6how its to an empty room in- litly, nnd bring n candle." rhcro was nothing for tho frightened key to do but obey. Ho led the way to adjoining apartment, put n light on the Intel, left the two men in possession nnd redrew hastily. As he did so, a bolt shot l » place behind liim. Ho put his car to tho pel of the door nnd listened. His hair pn to rise on his head, h Heaven above 1" he muttered; "cutting 111 'other' to pieces on this good night 1" pes, tho clash of steel was. plainly audible Ithc' other side of the door. Tho waiter I back to the coffee-room. At the same pent steps wcro heard in the wainscoted |>age, then two persons entered, |iuo was a1 middlc-ngcd Waiting-woman— I other a young girl, dressed in a long Lsc of rich cloth, with a wido plumed hat Ion her gold-brown ' hair. Anxiety and Kor dilated .her great dark eyes— her ex- lately beautiful face was as colorless as |tb. 6hc flew to the waiter. Oh!" Bho gasped, "tell mo the truth— they here, and what ore they doing ?" be servant bent low to tho dazzling appn- Hu. I Yes/ they are. here," he answered, "that miss, if you mean Lord Polo and the Ktary gentleman. They aro slashing each Kr in the next room. The door is locked is plnin they mean to cut mid thrust to death " :c young lady grow paler yet, It is even asl feared 1" she murmured. hat folly I Tho next room ? Show me to once," riio door is fast, miss, as 1 ve already you," ' then you must break it down. e rushed to the fatal threshold. She fol- el with the waiting- woman. Open, gentlemen I shouted tho waiter, iug on tho panels with both fists. 1 voice replied. Tho trio distinctly heard a the room a heavy fall. At the sound young' lady clutched tho arm of tho ng- woman. 3pcn 1" she entreated, " Lord Pole— ain Hargrove— open to me— to me, Miss ri If I am the cause of your quarrel, in Heav.en's name, and pormit me "— -growing desperate— "to speak to you one— one moment," t a sound in reply. Miss Have, the g cantatrico, .turning to the waiter, t a guinea into his band, ireak down tho door 1" she commanded. : obeyed. The little party sprang into 00m beyond. 1 tho floor, in a pool of blood, lay the of Captain, Hargravc. In a chair near at Lord Pole, sword in hand, his fair, Iy face bowed forward on his breast, rich lace ruffles were crimsoned with i which was not tlmt of Hargravc. she sat, cither stricken helpless with error of his crime, or utterly indifferent s Knvc swept up to him. />rd Fold" she cried; "what have you 1" ! stared, then shuddered, havo killed your Ipver," ho answered, iug to the prostrate figure on the floor, i wrecked your happiness for ever. Did omo here to save liim 7" , came here," she replied, with dignity, 'revent bloodshed, if possiblo. I heard ur quarrel an hour or two ngo. Ob, ml whnt a misfortuno? You have this man— he has powerful relatives in "u— you will ho held to answer foriis 2 it BO !" said his lordship, with perfect. v. "Ah, you weep," as the tears began cam down her |>alo cheeks. " i ortu- Hargravc 1 Would to' God that I wore there iu his stead J" ... ; caudlo shone on their stricken faces. :oise of the London street came to their roni without. The torches of jwissing "en nnd footboys were reflected on the pnned windows. Miss KftVC. P"' "cr 'm Lord Frederick's shoulder, but drew 'k, reddened with blood. ''U arc wounded i" she gasped, mere scratch." She staggered away from him a stcn This girl possessed a heart, after all? 1 awe! H ? 0Tt weep," she an- nbieo ' '« ? r Jursclf- Fly from this Sclftv n/i wH1,0Ufc n moment's « tlSf If you know» with a fitter cry, Al 1 vif. SV ti.0vcti» n0t thi8 dcml mnn ? nor"t Xol" 0n0 wl®1?,0? to hU fcct- » « electrified, ,, ;>' ,'IC cried wildly, "did you not con- fiii!! if T ," you tor 3'01lr heart J rcimncll? Up0U him look o£ '"""B11'? 1„,'t!!!t1r"Skcd'?cf1r my ,icnrt' I-ordPolc, lrat not for my lmtul. llcss Cave, the nubli? SIIIKCV was not good enough to ho your wife." Ho hung his head, groined rCa' l!nTcn ' atn punished t" ho P>'?i wi"il,cr Ilow himself heard. sf . JV , "fB"1- " Your lordship is lost bVtag'St'Sd. nfrnir llkctbisra""0t Lonl Pole throw down his sword. He was iSripro5-80ly from ftn cut I" the arm. Miss luivo snatched a -kerchief from her neck, tied it tightly about bis wound, and then waved him towards the door. »Goi she cried. Outside yon will find the coach which brought me to this placo. Tho horses arc fresh, the driver is trusty. tho to Dovcr» Farewell 1" lie fell on his knees before her, seized her bands, nnd pressed them wildly to his lips, /i or the lore of God," he. pleaded, "for- giyccvcrything. I go. I seek to save my self because you love me. We part now, but we shall meet ngaln. I swear that I will yet atone the post. You are the only woman on earth who shall ever call me husband. I re verence, I adoro you i You are as good as you are beautiful. Farewell, my life, my love ; for a littlo while, farewell ?" Tho next moment he was gone. Miss Kavc ran nnd knelt by the body of Captain Hnrgrave. 1 " « 7ftn k sought her band in mnrringc ; ho und loved her with a dovotion far more chivalrous nnd unselfish than that of his slayer— surely she could not hut feel some pity for him now. She bent nnd touched his cold hand. Was there powcrdn her slim fingers to givo life to tho lifeless? Ho stirred, ho opened his eyes, A surgeon who had been hastily summoned appeared at this moment at tho doorway. itcip enert Aliss Knvc, In great agita tion. Bind up his wounds 1 He is not dead - lie lives— ho may yet rccovci 1" The young officer was carried to an upper chamber of the Star and Crown, nnd them his wounds wcro dressed 5 but the surgeon at once pronounced them to bo mortal. " Ho may last till morning," he said, " but not longer," _ At Drury Lane, that New Year's Eve, Bess Kavo sang her sweetest to an applauding audience. Never had her beauty seemed so dazzling, never had her exquisite voico so enchanted her many admirers. It was a night of unprecedented success for tho young cautntricc, but before its close a servant ar rived in hot haste at the theatre, with an urgent message for Miss Kavc to hasten, again to the Star and Crown. The fair singer called her waiting woman, and with the flush of the evening's triumphs upon her, went at once to answer tho summons. Midnight was closo at hand by the tlmo sho reached the coffce-houso. She found Captain Hargravo lying at the point of death— an image ill pale bronze, with nil the firo of his being burning now in his dnrk eyes. " He is sinking fast," said the 6urgoon to Mips Kavc, "nnd there is something parti- cular which he wishes to say to you." She grew pale as she advanced to tho bed side of the dying guardsman. "I am sorry, I am sorry 1" was all that she could gasp. "You arc sorry for me" he murmured, wistfully. "I would die twice over to hear you say that 1 Tho surgeon assures me that I can live but a few hours. I have a Inst favor to ask of you." "It is granted already," she answered, with n shudder. A great light flashed into his ghastly face, " A few dnyB ngo, Mies Kayo, I offered you my hand, nnd you refused it. The favor 1 now seek is this : Ilo my wifo for the littlo time left to mo on earth i I have already mode the necessary preparations— a clergy man waits in the coffee-room below. Subuiit to iho ceremony of marringo with mo— let me call you my wife, let me keep you beside me till my departure, nnd 1 can die liappy.V She recoiled. "No, 110 1" he pleaded, reproachfully, " do not turn away I I know, alas! that you do not lovo me. Well, I simply ask you to be come my widow. Bess, you arc. beautiful— are you also cruel ? Can you rcfuso this re quest i Am I not giving up my life for your ko 2" It was too true. Ho was .dying, and Bess Kavc, after nil, was but a wonmn, full of kindness - and compassion. In ' the dead waste and middlo of the night, ju6t as tho bells of a neighboring steeple were ringing in the new year, and while the sleepy waiter in the coffee-room below covered .up his fire of red coals, the young cantatrico knelt by Hnrgnvve's bed nnd became his wife. At the samo hour Lord Bole, weak and wounded, but with hope nud ioy burning brightly in his heart, was speeding forward on his way to France. A week later his lordship scut a letter to Miss Kavc, begging her, with her invnlid mother, to join him immediately in Paris, ! where he waited, ill from the loss of much blood, but eager and impatient to mnko the beautiful singer his wife. This letter found Bess Knvesittingstunncd and helpless by her bridegroom's bed. The surgeon had just said to her : "Ho improves steadily. I have been rmvitlv ffoccircd In his wounds. It is nlnin that bo means to cheat death, after all : You will not lie a widow, madam— at least, riot nt present," ! ' The unfortunate girl Staggered to tho fire, and threw Lord Pole's letter into it. One line only she wrote In answer—1) I am tho wife of Captain Hnrgrave." ThiB she dispatched to tho impatient lover across the Channel, after which there was no further communication between tho pair. Hargrove being out of danger, Lord Pole was now free to return to Eugland, but lie made no attempt to do so. Month after month passed, yet ho still remained abroad, and finally accepted a diplomatic post at the court of Vienna, Meanwhile, Bess lvavo's career as a singer came to nn abrupt close. "I havo not won you fairly," said Har grove to his bride ; nnd yet, it is no fault of mine that I am destined to live when I ought to die. You now belong to me, Bess ; make the best of your lot, sweetheart. You ; must leave the stage nt oucc, and wo will retire to my Yorkshire estates. Heaven knows I would be glad to 6kako bauds with Lord Frederick and thank him for the sword- thrust which gnvo to me tho treasure I most coveted iu all tho world I" A fearful mistake had been made but It wns now too late to repair it. Hargrove, madly in love with the wife he had won, and jealous ns a Turk, carried her straight from London— from the public that adored her, the new laurels that awaited her— to the North Biding of Yorkshire, to the solitude of wild moors and wandering streams, and the great, lonely manor house, far removed from any other dwelling of the kind, and fast going to ruin and decay. Ibere ho set himself to the task of winning his wifes She was like a marble statue. 6ho uttered no reproaches, no complaints. Iler mother had died previous to her departure from London, and sho was now. entirely nlono In the world, savo for her unloved husband. In a sort of proud, stony silence, she yielded to his wishes. .. , , , " I will wait with patience, he said, wist fully, " nnd you will yet give me your heart, sweet wife.', "One can neither givo ones heart nor recall it at pleasure," she answered, He flew lnto4i jealous fury. "God help mo 1 I know not whether you are pining for your lato triumphs, on the stage, or for Lord Pole ; but in either case we must trust to timo to cure tho trouble. Faith ! what I havo won, whether fnirly or unfairly, I shall keep I" Time passed. She novcr rebelled against her enforced solitude, or the tyranny of her loving hut unloved lonl. She lived like a captive in the old manor, receiving no visitors, making no visits, nnd watched always by Hargrove. With great dignity and patience she submitted to Ids jealous vigilance ; but on her proud, Bwcct lips, tho scnl of a great silence hnd fallen. Tho one matchless song-bird was now dumb. Noth ing could induce her to sing ngaln. Shut up iu her gloomy old prison-house, not a note was ever heard to escape her. There was a epinnet in tho drawing-room, but sho never approached it. Either sho had lost her sweet art altogether, or the memories con nected with it were too painful to be borne —at any rate she sang no more, Fivo times the heather bloomed and died on the Yorkshire moors, fivo times the sum mer came, with its waving bracken nnd whirring moor-fowl nnd long days, when the hcathcrcock crowed in the juniper and fern, nnd the yellow gorsc blazed like sunsliino In tho purple silence of tho great lonely wastes. Five times tho wintcr rushed down from the wild north, and tho snow lay white on the hentli, and the German Ocean bent in long, white swells against the coast. It was New Year's Eve, tho fifth anniver sary of Bess Have's ill-starred marriage. Margrave was going alone to dlno with a neighboring squire, ft few miles distant over the moor. He bade farewell to his wife in the gloomy old drawing-room of tho manor, where she sat before a fire of logs, working listlessly at her cmhroldery-fromo, The red flame glanced off her blnck damask dress and gold brown hair. She had grown as white as a ghost, and her big brown eyes wore a look of settled melancholy. Equipped for his bleak ride, Hargrove went up to her, and looked at her with n sort of gloomy tenderness. " 'Sdcath 1 he said, " I have not mndo 3011 a bad husband, eh, Bess ?" " No," sho answered, without glancing up from her work. " It cuts me to the heart to see you so pale. You mopo too much. Mnybo you think mo a tyrant, because 1 will not allow you to dine this Now Year's Evo with a lot of snufly, stunid country folks, tho dullest of whom is the uost himself- Say, do you care, Bess?" "No, I do not care." " I am glad of that," ho replied, with an uneasy little laugh, "hecnuso Squire Pole is a near relative of your old flume, Lord Frederick— that fnct would mnke tho dinner awkward to 3ou. Come, come, sweetheart, forgivo my jealousy for tho sake of tho great lovo I dear you !'r She spoke not a word. He adjusted bis long horseman's cloak witb an unsteady hand . MI would sooner pluck out my eyes," ho muttered sulkily, " than permit you to cross the threshold of any man bearing the name 'of Pole. By my soul, 1 would notgom3sclf, especially upon thi9 our wedding-night, were it not for a matter of a hundred pounds or so, which stands betwixt the squire ami me. 1 wish to settle' to. score before nnothcr year begins." ' With that lie left her, nnd rode away over tho moor. Bess Hargravo started up from her embroidery-frame, and stood listeniug to the receding echo of tho horse's hoofs on tho frozen driveway of the old manor. Her breath grew shorts A rebellious fire leaped into her big eyes. " What a life I lead 1" sho said to herself, bitterly. "When will it end? From my very heart, ! wish I was dead I" The anniversary of her unlucky mnrringo wns always a dreary timo to Mistress Bess— doubly dreary it seemed on this occasion. Night. fell bleakly on tho .barren moors- hard weather prevailed in the north country, Mrs.' Hargrove made some pretense of dining in solitary state, then she went back to the fire of logs, and the embroidery-frame and with only n stag, hound for company, fell straightway into a miserable reverie. Fivo years, and where was ho to-night— tho lover whose face neither timo nor change eould blot from her 'memory ? How had lie homo the time of separation 7 How ho con- solo himself with some now lovo, after tho way of men ? A great pain stabbed through her sick heart at the thought. Tho wido oakcn.room was full of the fitful lights nnd shadows of the fire. Suddenly tho door flew open without a sound, nnd on the threshold stood n figure with face turned wistfully toward Bess ' Hnrgrave, nnd one gloved hnnd stretched out in a strange, de precatory way. It was her husband. Ho wore his long horseman's clonk, and cocked hat, and ho iviih pale to' ghastliness. The stag-hound leaped up from the hearth, with n frightened howl. Mistress Bess also arose, nnd mode a step towards the intruder. "What 1". sho -cried in amazement, "did you not go -to the dinner? Has anything happened ? Are you ill?" lie gazed fixedly at her, but made no reply- Tho fire-light wavered to and fro on tho oaken floor nnd rafter. ."llnrgrnvc I" sho called In terror, "my husband I" No nnswer. ' Impelled by some irresistablo power.etio moved towards the door. Tho figure vanished ns suddenly as though the cartu bad swallowed it up I A great fear' and . astonishment over whelmed her. Was the thing which she had seen a delusion or reality— an apparition, or onlyn deceptive shadow cast by tbo wood fire ? Sho'tlirow on bcr hood and mantlo, nnd without a word to any one, flew from tho house, down through! tho old garden, and out on tho moor, which stretched betwixt tue manor ana cue country nouse or uqiuro Pole. The bound followed her. Tho night was bitterly cold. The dead bracken nnd fern, rustled In tho shnrn wind. At this hour tho great heath looked like a purple immensity. No living thing, savo herself nnd the dog, moved anywhere on its lonesome vnstness. She found a rude sheep- track, and flow along it with the speed of a deer. ' Her wholo thought was to find Har grove. Strnogo , fears oppressed her— evil, she felt, had befallen him, but of whnt nature? ' Sho came to' a great ridgo, where a sullen stream dropped : down among the gorso nnd juniper, would he come this way ? Surely it wns timo for his return. She paused in tho rough, unoven track, with tho dog whin ing beside her,- and called her husband's name again and again, but there was no nnswer. Then it wns that sbo lifted up the voice which imd been dumb for five wear years, and standing there in the cold, nnd darkness, nnd silence of the dying year, with namclcs9 terrors tugging nt her heart, sho burst into nn old song which hnd won her many around of npplauso before the footlights of the days of her triumphs. "0 waly, waly, but loro bo bonny A Utile time while it is new, Dut when it's aulii. it waxes canM, An' foiles tnvay liko morniDg i!o\r. An' bad I wist, before 1 kissed, That loro bad been oe ill to win I'd 1ockd my heart in a gowden chest, Au' pitm'd It wi' a siller pin.' " The superb voice, which hnd lost none of its old jjower, rang out across tho dark, deso late heath like a silver trumpet. If he was anywhere near, he would surely bear it — he would hasten to the sinccr. Suddenly the tramp of hoofs nnd n frightened snort saluted her cars. A rider less homo dashed by her in the darkness, and vanished on the other side of the ridge. Bess Hargrove ran forward, and stumbled over the body of her husband, stark and cold across tho sheep-walk. A late moon, bursting just then from a bank of clouds, shone down on his upturned face. Mechanically she knelt down beside him, still singiug in a dazed way, yet with piercing sweetness, the familiar fines : " ' An hod I wilt, before I kissed, Thftt loro had been toe ill to win, I'd lock'd tnr hurt in a gowdcu chest, An plon'd It wi' a siller pin.' " How long she knelt there sbo never know, but presently a horseman, muffled to the eyes, advanced aloug tho moor, with his faco set townrds tho late moon. In a turn of the rough way that cxqulstto voico met him and thrilled his heart with a tumult of amaze ment. Ho spurred his horso through tho bracken, nnd guided by tho song, came straightwny to that girl, kneeling by her dead husband under the frosty stars of this bitter New Year's Eve, her hood fallen back from her pale face, tho sweet sobs bubbling uncon sciously over her cold, whtto lips. With a smothered cry the man leaped out of the roddlc. "Bess I" he exclaimed, "Great God! — can it bo you, Bess?" She looked into tho blue, horrified eyes of Lord Frederick Pole. So they met after fivo weary years. They had parted beside Hargrove— dead, ns they then supposed. Now, over his prone bodj, dead in solemn truth, nnd pastnll Lopes of restoration, they gazed once more in each other's faces. " I havo just arrived in England," said Lord Pole, hurriedly. " I cnrac from London by the mail-coach a few hours ago, to visit a kinsman who lives in this vicinity. Being a stronger hereabouts, I lost my way after leaving tho town, and have been wandering ever since on this miserable heath. Iu Heaven's name, whnt has happened to your — your— husband ?" .He wns bending over Hargrove by this time. " Ah I" ho cried, starting back In unfeigned horror, " he is dead 1" Yes. Jlis horse hnd thrown him on tho moor nnd broken his neck, as he wns return ing from tho very house wiiich Lord Pole had been vaiuly striving to find I Bess Hargrove was a widow. lleln wns summoned, and the dead man carried home to the old mnuor. Of those who bore him thither, Lord Pole was one. What words of cotisolniion bo found to fqvenk to the fair young widow the record snitli not, but certain it is that this heart hnd remained faithful to her during tho term of separation, and that twclvo months Inter she doffed her weeds to becomo Lady Pole, 