CHAPTER V.-NUESINO A PATIENT. À pistol-shot; at midnight on the quiet plateau of Boulder Point, was a sound that had not been heard for years, and when startled, people looked and they saw a light in tho Pheonix store. At- tracted by the mystery of tho Budden sound, they ran to the open door, and, looking, saw Widow Blane with blood upon her night dross and hands, and wearing an affrighted look. When they came hurriedly in and saw tho helpless man was bleeding, and learned tho history of the night in a few short sentences (all the more powerful that they were self- possessed and olear, and in contrast to the ripple of dread and of helplessness thai; stirred through her words) a few parried the wounded man to the widow's bed, and the rest, with danger in their muttoridgs and in theil attitudes, ran out in hot pursuit. Ann Blane was coming from her room in fear when she saw the bearded faces she knew so well carrying the wounded man to her mother's room. She recog- nised Grant's grey face, and followed them, and, when she learned, that Le was shot in defence of her and her mother, she brushed away the moist hair from his forehead and, kneeling down, she kissed him. There were no tears in her eyes, but the play of her lips and the sorrow on her .face moved the men lo a whispered conference, and in 20 minutes Jack Hart's bay mare was mounted, and her hoof-strokes heat away down past the Point to the Hinton road. In the short term that remained of the morn- ing before the sun rose, Mrs. Blane sat by the digger. There was no suffering revealed, except hy the restlessness in his face and the sudden contractions of his hands. "When the silent wo- man beside him looked at his broad palms partly open, showing the grip of labour and the strong man helpless, and, above all, when the kind eyes grew clouded with suffering, there came expres- sions to her face which, if Grant had seen and recognised, he would have deemed himself rich. More than once her cool hand rested on his fore- head, and when the sun roso she was sitting won- dering at the power he possessed over her thus powerless and helpless, may-be nearing the dark- ness of tho sbofftlfiHn son.. The search fer the burglars was characterised I by more haste and energy than system. There was not one of those big fellows who would not have accounted it a privilege to have overtaken one or both of them einglo-handed, but the night was against the success of the searchers. Alex. Bobbie, with tho muscle and presence of a gla- diator, overtook ono of the dark forms, busily searching and muttering cursos on the men who had cast suspicion on tho Boulder Point diggers. I " No word of them ?'. asked the figuro, looking i excitedly and suspiciously at every treo trunk, i and at tho corners, and in the shadows of the rocks. .. They can't be far off, and they must bo caught, if tho boys are only active enough. They Bay they have got the widow's gold. I'd sooner lose six months' earnings myself. If you take that direction I'll take tbiB. There is no time to spare." So speaking, the figure moved away rapidly in the uncertain light. That day, about noon, Alex. Bobbie suddenly stopped the movements of his shovel in the sluice box, and walked over to his mate. " You were in tho store last night, Tom. Did you hear anything said about the widow losing her gold ?" " .Losing her gold ? No » " Did you hear any mention of it amongst the men?" "No." " I'll be back in 20 minutes." Bobbie dug his shovel viciously into the turf, and walked rapidly from the creek to the plateau in the direction of tho widow's store.. Mrs. Blane came out softly. " Excuse mo coming to ask a question, Mrs. Blane. "Was there any other damage done, I mean IOBS to you, beside the shootin' ?" " You are tho first who has asked tho question, Alex., and in my fright and anxiety and sorrow 1 had partly forgotten tho chamois bag that holds tho gold I buy for tho bank, ia gone. This was the object of their entrance." " And none of tho men know anything of thiB losap" .- . ? ? . * - - "No; not yet." Bobbie Blapped his thigh fiercely,- and. stood thinking, with a lowering look in ; the direction of tho Point. : . , "What is the matter P" asked the widow ner- vously." "Plenty is tho matter, ma'am. Something must hov gone wrong with my head gear. I was as near to the coward that was walking off with your gold last night as I am to that counter' That hand, MI-B. Blane, look you, touched IUB clothes," and ho laid his massive fist on the counter, looking at it ruefully. "Ho knew that gold had been taken, and ran off after tho thieves -after himself like- ono way, while he told me to tako tho other." The wit of the patriot had disposed of Bob- bie's strength. w w w w w w Tho doctor from Hinton had como and gone with tho days. Tho diggora called in tho morning and ovoning timo to ask concerning Grant, lt might ba that tho sadden ravings of delirium answered them from within, cr the subdued voico of Mrs. Blane, with traces of weariful nights of nursing in her face. "Whon tho digger awoke to the world one afternoon thero/waB a beam of lovel sun colouring tho room, and flushing it with red, and with it crept in the whisperiag of leaves and tho young summer air. Tho bod and tho fow pic- tures wore strange to him. There was nothing to bo seen in any portion of the apartment to indi- cate where ho was, only that through the open window amongst tho greenness and tho soft sway- ing of boughs, ho recognised the sounds of labour at tho Point. Tho murmurs of the water wero broken by the dull punctuation of pickB and sho- vels and distant voices ; but it seemed in some strange way, that ho waa nob himself. His haudB were white and wasted, and there was a dull pain at his shoulder ho could not understand. The room seemed all aflamo with the sunset that filled it, painting the white hangings and the dainty floor, tinting the pictures and glittering on the furniture of the table. Tho latter caused him to sit up painfully, for his wonder overcame other feelings. Grant had moved in what is termed good society moro than 20 years before, before the groy had como to mis with hiB yellow hair, and fortune had tied him to tho miner. Tho few articles of the toilet-tablo that wero glittering back tho raye at him, belonged to a Btation in life he thought ho had nigh forgotten. The little display of silver and pearly things might have belonged to a palace ; the sounds that travelled in towards them belonged to Boulder Point. He mighb be dreaming, and ho lay down faint from the exertion. On the wall at the foot of the bed > waa the pioture o< a handsome man in a uniform, showing décorations, and below it the face that was on the daguerreotype in the Indian box at his hut, He lay staring at the face till it seeemd to move aHd take an expression that had been be- side him apparently a few hours before. The face was a strange face, and yet it had apparently been interwoven with his later life. Then came down to him from their frames a resplendent general, grey and grim, and a lady with a face entirely radiant and beautiful, who talked with him in his sleep, and carried him to landa whose light was a constant sunset, the voices of whose winds and zephyrs made wondrous harmony. "When Grant opened his eyes again, tho room seemed strange to him as when the sunbeam filled it. It was as little like his own as it resembled that in which the red rays had shaded all things. There were no sounds of labour, and no breath of flowers. The hangings of the bed were but faintly seen, and all beyond was in darkness, ex- cept in the immediate vicinity of the toilet table. Beside it was a face that was not a face of picture or of dream, but one that he thought was as beau tifni as it was familiar. The widow was asleep, and he saw the long lashes resting on her worn cheeks ; he recognised the weariness and the gen- tleness and the pride of it, and earnestly looked at the contrast of the shining white hair on the. low white brow that had such' an attraction for him. , One hand was resting on the table close to where* medicine bottles stood, and the other lay passively, on her knee. He understood the situa- tion now. Bhe was again his nurse, and again, as before, Bhe had watched him back from tho threshold of death. It seemed to him that to lie and see her thus was all he desired. He die. missed speculation and restlessnesBf rom hia mind, and his largo eyes and sunken face were set against hers, hiding nothing of their strong and enduring devotion. Mrs. Blane opened her eyo with a start, and looked first at her patient. He I waB there, quiet, with the delirium gone out, and the peaco of convalosence upon him. She caught and read tho look with which he Was regarding her, and and a red flush mounted to her forehead, There was something like gladness in the depths of her eyes, and in the undertone of her voice when she put her hand upon his, still assuming the part of the nurse, and intimating to him that . he was Btill her patient.* "I soo yôu recognise me, John. You are for- bidden to speak at present. You are forbidden to think or to exert yourself. You are to sleep continually, and to take what is offered you with out Question." Her band was still upon his when speaking, and somehow Grant's closed upon it, as she finished " Here is your wine." 'fButhow aui J P Why are you--P" Drink this. It is 3 o'clock, John Grant, and I want to go to bed. No one will eome near you till tho morning. These are tho instructions,. Possibly I might answer some of your gu stions to-morrow. Goodnight." He did not reply, but lookcdat her and watched her with an expression that made the widow's . heart boat faster. " You promised to answer my questions, Mrs. Blane," said tho patient to his nurso nextnoon." I . am strong enough now to know that in the course of a few days I shall be able to rolieveyou of >the care you havo bestowed upon me," motioning . towards the bottles and the chair she had occu- pied at tho bedside " My last clear remembrance is, running to your store at ugh*,, whore you lold me robbers wore. How long is that ago ?" "Threo weeks." ' , '* It seems but last night since. I caught sight' of one of them looking at me along a pistol barrel." " in trying to assist me in the strait, you risked your lifo for mo, and for my property, John." '.Ay, the very last thing on my mind was, ' seeing you standing like a ghost in tho doorway. Then the report seemed to make tho place whirl." " Have you no idea of the obligation you have conferred upon mo, and what it is possible would havo happened but for you P" She Bhuddered,and put her hands upon her faco. " I was just dimly ' able to seo ono of the men fall- helplessly below your blow, and when you turned full upon tho other tho noise and the smoke came-and I could seo nothing bub you fallen, and may be dead. Men who heard the pistol-shot ran over and carried you in here." "That is-?" "That is to tho nearett bed-to mine-where I might bo near you. What oculd I do ?" she asked, rather of herself than of her listener, but watch over the lifo I had placed in auch dread jeopardy? Yos, John Grant, I thought this world a very unjust ono when I watched you flut- tering on tho very verge of another. There aro some dark shadows in my lifo ; but if you had died, that shadow would have been the darkest of all, and that trial the hardest to bear. Happily, by the morey of Providence, it was removed from me, and you will soon be your old self again." Grant lay listening with a pleasure such as he had felt on tho night previous. He watched tba expressions of her face, and the changes as they touched andpa8sod it. The grace of tho buoyant figure, the curvo of her neck as the earnest thoughts came, and were spoken-the whole wo- man moved by gratitude. Grant sat higher in the bed, and held out his unsteady hand that he might be heard. " For evory right or manful act that is done there is.a roward. Tho reward of seeing and hearing you speak as you have done is to me so much greater than I deserve that you will scarcely credit me when I tell you I almost feel ashamed of accepting such a bounty of gratitude as you have given." There were red flushes in his hollow face, and there was something of sadness in his voice as he went on : " What in this case haye I- done for you that I would not have done for another? Surely I i would noir be flt to speak to you, or worthy of this i situation, if I had not rendered as ready service . to any man or woman situated as you were. I i could have givpn my right hand to hear and see i you speak to me as' you have done, but--" l| He paused and looked out of the little window , into the fresh morning, The old tree waa softly sweeping ita plaintings against the roof on the I silence that had come betwen them, Mrs, Blane's ! face had loat thu brightness her thoughts had given it for a look of tremulous anxiety, She repeated his last word " But-" " But I fear the dull sameness of my life is not to ba broken by the lights I once hoped might fall athwart it." Hs smiled faintly. " I have always been more or less of a dreamer, and in this little settlement I have dreamed dreams so like to happiness -that I thought they might come true, lt was natural, to be sanguine and presumptuous, and twas both. Who would hxvj thought a man with grey in' his hair would have allowed a dream to win him so, but it won me without a struggle. There was no effort to rasist it, for there was no strength. I felt the j awakening to be hitter, and the dream to be a dream. I dare not beg of gratitude what I had hoped to win." Mrs. Blane's, lips trembled, but there was the look of high thought upon her forehead and eyes. « Dreams, John, are sent as warnings, some- times as prophecies. If they give the gleam of a happiness that is distant or impossible, it may be rather to strengthen against obstacles, that one may be brave and strong, than to contrast the i impossible with the_ real. Waking dreams is I another term for aspirations. Prom these spring the best and noblest part of manhood aud woman I hood. If you have found your dream an impossi- ble one, and have suffered in the awakening, what ; is it but a trial that will give you strength P" She paused, and the expression of voice and bearing had left her when she resumed j " Thia is not the kind of conversation that is calculated to soothe my patient. There are a lot ¡ of things to do, John Grant. I want the store : made more secure, and I am waiting on you to ; do it." The sick man's face reddened with pleasure. " Then, please Providence, 't won't bo long till j John Grant's hammer is at work again. Just a j couple of days or so and, aa my friond Dodd says, j "I'll be my own mau again," j Both felt and looked as if they .had carefully i put away something for future reference, and it I was certain the'loom looked the brighter for it, s and the faces in it calmer and happier, ( "I have come to give you your wine, John S Grant." "And I have sat up to hold you to your pro- mise. Did the men do any harm beyond this ?" pointing to his shoulder. I mean, did they take anything with them P" A look of care came to Mrs. Blane's face so unmistakably this time, that Grant looked at ber in great concern. " Sit down and tell me." " I have suffered from them posßiblythe sever- est blows that they they could. inflict. They nearly took a life that was exposed in ray defence, and they took that away with them which to many is dearer than lifo. They took all the gold." "AU the gold?" " It was in the large chamois bag you gave me, and the fortnight's washings wore just over." "Thatwill be seven hundred pounds' worth ? ' " A little more," she answered, looking woarily in the sunlight beyond tho window. " But it ÍB not SM much what I lose. Thora is your deposit of ¿6300, which the bank holds as security for the money advanced to purchase with. Tc ou are Btrickenin both ways. But tho salo of tbe stock would realise tho,whole amount after paying merchants' bills. It will bo somo time, may-be a long time, bofbro your gold is realised. You need have no..fear j released it shall to the utter ' most farthing, John Grant. It is Uko beginning i the world again j but I am strong, and I feel as brave to battle on as ever I was. There is only I_» I Mrs. Blane stopped, and anothor-pause came I betwen them. The digger was watching her face [ earnestly. She was looking out into tho day. I " There is enly what ?" aBked Grant, impa ! tiently. " This," Bhe replied, softly j " but it is only n matter that concerns myself, and I should not intrude it now." " Why notP Whatever the subject is that afflicts you, it cannot be an intrusion." "Ann was to be married this coming Christmas time, and I thought-" "Yes." "That-that I could have managed to have given her ¿6300 or ¿6400, so that my daughter should not leave her mother penniless, neithei » Bhall she (the high- bred expressions of hauteur on her varying, face)-and it would have been e great help to Tom, just now ; but that is past." "Where is Ann?". "She is at Morrison's, "unwitting of what ÍB coming," "What is coming?" "The postponement of her marriage for an indefinite time. Grant laughed, not an ordinary laugh; Ifc was soft, bub marked with pleasure. There was a flash of anger and pride in her voice which Bhe scarcely controlled. " A disappointment of this kind may seem a light thing to you. Tt may even BerVe as a source of amusement} but I do not think even you would laugh if you could realise its bitterness, and the possibility of a lifo'B happiness being loBt (for it is possible) that is BO near attainment. The bitterness that 1 muBt tell her, the bitterness that she must hear me tell her. When she knows all, the time looked forward to with so much hope will be a season'of sorrow. She is as proud as-r?' " AB you are.'^ . " I was going to say so ; and she will never wed portionless. Better never wed at all. You need not look amused. My ideas are quite formed on this point, by passages of my own history. The Bunny life of Aon will soon be'made acquainted with its first darkeess MrB. Blane eould not understand Grant, There waa neither sympathy nor cloud on his faoe, sc quick to show sympathy and concern ; and a cold feeling of disappointment crept on her. She realised that, after all, she was alone, and above or beyond the sympathy pf those urrounding her, There was tho battle tobe recommenced, and tba weary emptiness and routine of tho coming days to be fought and fought-for how long P Cer- tainly till all the brightness waB out of life. Mrs.-Blane did the most womanly thing possi- ble : she put her hands before h« face to hide the j tears that would not be restrained. She wept silently, but there waa no sign from the bed. Then she hurriedly dried her burning eyes, and rose prot dly to herfeet. Grant's face was solemn, almost sad, and his voice and eyes were kind. Sit down, Mrs. Blane, a little while longer." Not as a tribute to the ordinary visit of a patient, and certainly not by her own desire, but in answer to something in the voice and look of Grant that hold some subtle power and strength, she at once resumed her seat. He was now lying with his face upon his hand, with his attention fixed on some thought beyond his hostess. ". I have a favour to ask of you, and I want you to grant it before this interview closes." I do not know what favour I can grant you, but whatever it is in my power to do is yours by right of being won over and over again." " If it were: not in your power to grant it, I would not ask it; if I did not believe it was right that you should grant it, neither would I ask it. Have I your promise ?" I " You have my promise, John Grant." " My request is, that you make no mention- tc Ann ofJbhe postponement of the wedding." " Of^ourse, yes ; but until when ?" " Simply that you make no mention of the post- ponement at any time." " But you heard what I saul," her eyes spark ling, " about her marrying penniloss." " Neither shall she." "John Grant, I will "break my promise jus given. You have suffered enough for us. Yoi sholl Buffer no more." In the same tones she had noticed bof ore " I have been moderately fortunate, and I ar moderately old, and what little I can do for yo or your daughter will be to me a privilege and happiness. The other day (it seems but yestei day to me) when you made me feel and acknow ledge to myself how much you wer o above mo, only spoke the simple truth when I said, or mean to say, that the happiest period of my life ha boen passed at Boulder Point, becauso of you." " Stop I oh, stop 1" Sho first put her hand u to her burning face, and then upon his hand ly in on the coverlet. "Do not say one w^rd more ti you tell me you forgive me. You will remembc I asked you for forgiveness on that unfortunal night when the robbers came. Oh ! how humbk I felt before your strength and dignity." 5 He lifted her trembling hand to his lips, au went on : " You have shown mo, possibly without kno\ ing it, how much of happiness is to be ga! hen from life, and when I think of you there conn back to me a feeling that seemed to have left n many years ago, of yoyful hope, of a glad futur of present contentment. It is akin to what som one somewhere calls ecstasy of life. "What great blessing of indebtedness than this ?" Mrs. Blane's face looked very bright. The was a sparkle of pride and happiness iu her eye adding to the effect of the colour that seemed spread from neck to brow, no Baw the ernoti< as she left tho room, with tho warning that ] was dreaming again. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 