EOHOES OF MELBOURNE ,'?-?'?? (By The Ghost.) . The echoes of the cannon, and the smell of 'villainous saltpetre,' which announced the commencement of the third session of Victoria's eleventh Parliament have faded into the past, and the floodgates of talk are opened. If the programme submitted by the Government, and the nqtices of sub jects to which private members are desirous of calling attention, afford a standard' on which to base vaticinations, ? it may safely be predicted that the present sitting of the Houses will in this matter of talk bo in, no way behind any of its predecessors. Min isters will not have quite such halcyon times' as they experienced last- year, for many honourable monibors who sat behind them then— unwillingly it must be con fessed — have now thrown off their sham allegiance, crossed the Rubicon, and sit glaring at the .much- coveted Treasury Bench and its self-satisfied occupants-. The inevitable process of disintegration to which Government majorities are liable has sot in, and tho Opposition side of the Assembly ho longer presents the 'beggarly ? array of empty benches,' which rendered it the abomination of desolation to its few and far between occupants. Major Smith, for instance, who during last session was wont to open fire from a position in rear pi the Ministry, has now moved' to the Opposition cross bench, whence he can pnfilade the foe ; and Mr. Miranis has also migrated from the right of the Speakor to the left. Other gentlemen like Mr. Rich-' ardson and Mr. Bowman, who, when the Coalition was first formed, faced the Min istry merely; as they explained; in order better to hear- the remarks ' and because: they were crowded out by the 'other supporters' of Messrs.' Service arid 'Berry, have now definitely- made up their minds to cast- in their present lot with, the 'outs;' as affording a better chance' in the fullness ' of time of being included in the1 'ins.' The one-sided' appearance of the Assembly is not there fore so apparent now as when first ;Mr; Service arid ? bis - colleagues met 'the people's representatives, iand the members Will be yet- mpre 'evenly- balanced when Mr. M'Intyre and Mr.— Patterson .come fcack — their, minds enlarged by travel, and their tongues, after along rest,' eager for the fray. . ? -, ..- .''..-? . , ??l!!i:.'i I ?.-.-' -.;:? .' . ; i The bill-of-fare' prepared, for- the delec tation of Parliament j contains a large number of . items, : and should ;? suffice to assuage the appetite Of the most insatiable Legislative gourmand. There are certainly no very novel dishes, iand many of the names in the menu savour ;of the hash and rohash, and have a political:' ancient and fishlike BmelL'' There are,- of course, the usual cut arid dried. promises of economy tind expressions of1 hope' in the future, and our old friend,, the Mining on Private Property Bill, like Monsieur. Tomson, has Kconie again.' Of course there is to be a Railway Bill — no programme wouldbe com plete ',, without this legislative; bunch of parrots to dangle before, honourable members, and equally as a matter of course a now Land Bill is promised. Butlegisla tion on social questions is the ministerial sheet anchor. Married women, spinsters, barmaids, rabbits, wild dogs, publicans, and sinners, male and female, especially the latter ^ are to be the special objects of the paternal solicitude of the Government. If all Victorian young men are not made vir tuous and sober, all young women kept pure and innocent, the rabbit pest made a thing of thepast,'water, water'every where' made to flow in p'ererinial streams before every selector's door, it will not be for want of laws and enactments. Banks too are to be made safe, and so is railway travelling, and no one is to be allowed to work more than eight hours a day. In fact, if all the promised social reforms are carried out during the present session, it is puzzling tofmd what will be left for honourable ineriibers to do when they are next called together 'for the dispatch of business.' Mr. Service should take care or else he may find himself in- a similar plight to Alexander, sighing for fresh' material upon which' to exercise his energies. The history, of ,the case of the man Barker, if it has done , nothing else, has certainly served to show with, how little wisdom' tho medical world1 in this present nineteenth' century is governed. Doctors proverbially differ, but surely a disease so well-known, so easily diagnosed, and so widely-spread in other parts of the world as small-pox, should not afford much room for a variety, of opinions. Yet quot homines *°* sentential. ' Dr. Enabling^ a bud ding medico, .who had charge of the case at the. Sanatorium, says it was small-pox. Other doctors who. saw the patient say it wasn't, and Dr. Ypul pronounces the disease to be a new one, generated in the colony. Who is to decide in the face of these, conflict- ing opinions? There isat present in Victoria an old, navy surgeon/ Dr.. ' Lewis) who on account of his long experience waSjSelected to look after, the patient that arrived on. board the1 Rome, ? and ; who doubtless could have given ari' authoritative ipiriion.-, He certainly,' knows' mojfe, about the disease ^han any' of .his .( mqdich.1 ' brethren'. 'With the'immerise'capBAityforblu'ri'dei'ing^howri by the Central Board of Health, th'afbody never thought of consulting the only per son who could ha/re, settled the vexed ques tion! And so the matter 'remains undecided;' arid the various sections of the disciples of iEscrilapius are oach at liberty to hold their own theory, the public being, left in the dark as to whether thb dread disease has been among us or not. j The Secretary of the Law Department who, some time ago, left Victoria on twelve months' sick leave, is keeping his lriemory green in the- Civil Service. He has written to a fellow employe in tho office, and the letter, dated from Honolulu, conveys the news that he has partially recovered from the paralysis of the right arm . from which he suffered, and 'is now able to lift his' hand to his head.' To a large number of persons this would hardly be a matter for congratulation. This too 'frequent 'lifting of the hand to tho head is more' often the origin of disease than1 a: sign of returning vigour. However, so long as Mr. Harrimari' does not too often indulge in this renewed faculty, his friends; need' experience little anxiety on his behalf. : ;, ' '''??'? The reasons assigned by persons' seeking ; the protection of the Insolvent Court are at times' somewhat unique'. : At ' orie, time the stereotyped formula in regard to the necessity for filing a schedule' was ('.in- ability to pay debts,' until : one 'day his Honor, the late Justice Barry; remarked that ' not' being able' to pay one's debts was rather the effect than' the cause of insolvency,' and for. some time the practice ceased. . One of the 'strangest of the many' strange reasons giveri for committing the financial ' happy despatch- ' is to be found in Tuesday's morning papers, wken a'gentle man set down the cause of his insolvency as 'the marriage of two daughters!' Generally such happy-events make parents richer instead of poorer. '.' l '?.'!' Although a winding up order, authpris-;' ing the appointment of an official liquidator to deal with the Victorian assets, of the1 Oriental Bank has : been' obtained; it is doubtful whether any benefit will accrue to the depositors moving in the matter. In giving his decision ' granting the applica- ? tion; Mr. Justice' Molesworth. was emphatic in telling the parties interested that they f were not plaoingthemsolves in an unassail-' able position, nor establishing any claiiri to1 have the Victorian assets of the bank devoted to the payment of the Victorian creditors. Already cablegrams are ^ to hand questioning the- legality of the decision: The only people : certain ? to benefit^ by thd i proceeding !are the gentlemen of the longrobe. — ?-. - ??? ?-?;?? ' , '' ' '?'V,1' The theatres have all done a' satisfactory business during the week, and no chariges of programme- are announced;' : ' Notre' Dame' at the Royal,' Mane Antoinette' at the Opera House.and 'La Fille de Madatrie Angot' at the.Bijou are to hold the boards during next week. The Princess; which has. been closed for a fdrtnigb.t-an.cL is to be pulled down in 'September next, is to open with' ' She Stoops to Conquer,' in which MiBS Marie de Grey and a comedy company are to revive ' legitimate' business. The1 Victoria Hall is given over to minstrelsy,1 burnt cork, and the Hibornicon. ! ' 