The Crime of England. REMARKABLE ARRAIGNMENT BY IION. THOMAS FITCH. Thomas Fitch, the great orator of the West, perhaps since Wendell Phillips’ death the greatest in America, has an article under the above head in the first number of the bright new San Fran ciscan. We extract some passages, to show not only the author’s felicity of language, but also his truth to humanity and justice, the touchstone of all genius that is to live :— “ It needs n» words of mine to commend the cause of Irish Nationalism to either Irishmen or their descendants. So far from criticising Irish Americans for aiding Ireland. I feel rather like chiding American-Americans who are indifferent to the contest for life and freedom now going on across the Atlantic. American citizens are under implied moral obligations to sympathise with all people everywhere who struggle for liberty. We are the Princes and the Knights of Liberty, and the old chivalric motto of noblesse pblige applies to us. Wherever manhood struggles against class oppression ; wherever the enslaved seek to burst their chains ; wherever human liberty is assailed—there the hearts of Americans should be found throbbing in behalf of those who are in bonds. And in so far as we can aid them without imperilling the peace of our land ; in so far as we can aid them with speech and sympathy and counsel, and last, but not least, cash—such aid should be freely extended. “ In the performance of such duty towards Ireland we are certainly not hampered with any obligations of gratitude, so far as the British Go vernment is concerned. I know that it is cus tomary in social and business intercourse, to ig nore the little differences which have existed be tween us and England at different times during the last century. And sometimes at official ban quets the representatives of both England and America assure each other of the brotherly love of the people of each country toward the other ; and usually both speakers are lying, and both know it. As a matter of fact, we remember George the Third, and England has not yet com menced to erect statues to George Washington. We remember the war of 1812, and England has not forgotten the battle of New Orleans. We remember the Alabama, and England has fifteen million memories of the Alabama award. We remember how England derided and insulted us for many years concerning a fault which was a fault of her own begetting ; and when at last the hour of struggle vamo to us, then Exeter Hall went out of business; the sympathy shops for the slave closed their doors ; the shops for the sale of arms and munitions of war to help slavery opened theirs ; and "British cruisers, under Con federate flags, dotted the Atlantic with the wrecks of our destroyed merchantmen, and lit the Arctic Ocean with the flames of oar burning whalers. England's aid to the Confederacy cost North and South together two years more of war, half a million more of dead, and a thousand millions more of money. Nor does the South owe Eng land any good-will for such aid, for it was a sordid, cold-blooded business transaction ; and now that North and South are united, and keep ing one set of books, the accounts may as well be consolidated and charged in one sum against our ancient stepmother. “ Several hundred years ago England invaded and conquered Ireland, and the simple fact is that from that time until the present hour Eng land has been in a condition of practical armed occupation of Ireland. Sometimes under general laws, sometimes under special laws, sometimes without any laws at all, the invader has ever since kept his yoke upon the neck of the vanqui shed, and the vanquished has never ceased to seek an opportunity to throw off the yoke. To the everlasting honour of Irishmen be it said that there has been no century without an insurrec tion against England, and no generation without plot and continuous civil disturbance. Other peoples who were conquered by England have assimilated with theconqueror oracquiesced in his rule, but the Irish people would never do either. Scotland, the Channel Islands, India, Canada, and the Antipodes all yield unquestioning, or at least peaceful, allegiance to the British crown, while Ireland is still as alien in spirit as in the days of Brian Born. Pat would not celebrate the opening of a free bridge across the Styx into the streets of the New Jerusalem, if the cere monies happened by accident or design to fall upon the Queen’s birthday.” After rehearsing some of the many atrocious points of the Penal Laws, and showing how Bri tish greed had hampered and destroyed Irish in dustries, the writer says :— “ Behold the naked iron hand of England choking the life out of Ireland, from 1691 to 1829, and behold the same hand, with only a thin glove over its bloody knuckles, maintaining its clutch down to this present year of Our Lord, when Professor Goldwin Smith, in a magazine article, deliberately advocates the expatriation or exter mination of Irishmen, and every English aristo crat and every American dude endorses the pro position. “ Who shall dare say, in the face of all this history, that the Irish are disorderly, turbulent, and murderous rebels, undeserving of American sympathy or American help ? “ I am an American, proud to trace my genea logy through generations of Connecticut Yankee ancestors, and loving peace and order as well as freedom with all the instincts of the Puritan ; but if I were an Irishman, with the recollection of the past and present wrongs of my race and creed ever resting on my heart, though I would still recommend and support, only peaceful, bloodless, arid constitutional measures of relief ; though I would say then, as 1 say now, to him who sought to pursue other means; 1 Brother, stop ! the dynamite bomb is the weak and in effective weapon of unwisdom ; the aroused moral sentiment of the civilised world will prove a force more potent for Ireland’s good than all there is of bursting shell and gleaming steel; let the avenging blade pause, let the turrets of West minster stand—not that we hate England less, but that we love Ireland more ; ’ yet even while such words of peaceful counsel vvereupon my lips, if I were an Irishman, might the avenging God smite the pu'sing crimson back through its channels till these lips were as pallid as those lips of my famine-stricken countrymen, if ray heart failed to throb with the passion of hate for the oppressor, and my soul failed to long for the hour when his flag and his footstep should cease to pollute the air and the earth of Ireland. . . . Never smee Carthage was destroyed by Rome has there been exhibited such cruelty, such rapa city, and such brutal selfishness by the conqueror toward the conquered as has been displayed by England toward Ireland for seven hundred years. Religions have changed, conditions have changed, and the forms of oppression have changed ; but the fact of oppression has remained unchanged. Civilisation has not abated it, and time has not ameliorated it. The Agnostic now openly de rides the churchman, and the shopkeeper with his account book has taken the place of the warrior with his mail ; but the tyranny of Eng land over Ireland remains the same as in the centuries that have gone. Each generation of Englishmen have apologised for the acts of their ancestors, and each generation of Englishmen have invented new methods of oppression to take the places of those they abolished. “ Am I told that Ireland’s lack of diversified industries comes from Irishmen’s lack of the will or wit to work ? I answer in plain phrase that the assertion is a weak and wicked lie. Not here on these Western shores may such a feeble false hood find welcome or acceptance. Where ham mers and ,picks are ringing, and shuttles are shifting, and spindles are humming, and forges are glowing, and axes are gleaming over all this broad land, there Irish muscles are helping to weave the mighty fabric of American greatness, and Irish voices are singing the song of faithful and honoured toil. The famished misery of the Irish in Ireland is not because of their want of will to work. It is the consequence of the neces sary enforced dependence of the people of Ire land upon agriculture alone for their support. It is a consequence of a lack of manufacturing in dustries. “ Biit., say the English apologists of to-day, these laws have been repealed. It was the bad grandfathers of the present wise and humane statesmen that enacted such laws, and there is no law now to prevent the building of factories in Ireland. Ah ! but there is, though ; and it is a law as strong as any Act of Parliament. It is the law of competition, the law of supply and de mand, the law of self-interest. Ireland has not the capital, the skilled labour, nor the commer cial facilities and knowledge to enable her to compete with England ; and how could she have ? The wild eagle who never felt a fetter will soar beyond the sight of man ; but capture her, and keep her and her progeny in cages, and the third generation of eagles will not be able to fly over a fence. . . . On the far steppes of Russia the serf has found freedom and the landless begin to find hope of homes. In France five million happy, contented peasant proprietors sustain the government of a republic. The Ger man owns the acres he cultivates. Italy stretches free from the Alps to the Adriatic. Beyond the western seas the Genius of America points to a land which echoes no footstep of a slave, and where Liberty so clasps hands with Law’ that even amid the throes of civil war no man was found bold enough or base enough to propose that the Government should pack a jury-box in order to convict a rebel. Everywhere humanity presses forward, and the world whirls onward amid the stars, farther from the blackness every morning, nearer to the sweet light every night. Only on your shores, O England ! the darkness lingers. Only on your banner the black shadow falls. Only your voice makes discord in tho music. Only your footstep lingers in the race. For across the threshold of vour temples and palaces, shaming your vaunted justice, shaming your boasted chivalry, shaming your manliness, shaming your honour, lies Ireland, with the cruel and merciless clutch of the dead centuries upon her fair, and unoffending throat. Ah ! take it off, and lift her to her beautiful feet. Take it off, and the ghosts of the dead Tudors, and the dead Protector, and the dead Kings of the House of Hanover and the House of Brunswick, shall wander no more in expiation on the dim Pluto nian shore. Give Ireland self- government, and turbines will whir, and spindles hum, and forges glow, and ;the wailings of the discontent will cease, and a people—free, prosperous, and happy —will rise up and call you blessed. Repeal the iniquitous Act of Union, and let Gladstone out of a difficulty, and Beaconsfield out of purgatory, and Castlereagh out of hell. . . It might be that, thus made free, made, prosperous, made powerful, Ireland would say to the Government across the channel : • We forgive, but we cannot forget. We ask no reparation for the past. We demand not vengeance, but we do not care to continue the partnership. It has been a partner ship where you have enjoyed most of the profits, and we have had most of the losses. Now let us part. You may take all the assets we have aided, during all these centuries, to accumulate. Leave to us only our freedom and our country. Take India, and Australia, and New Zealand, and Canada, and the continents and islands that Irish valour, and suffering, and skill, and labour have helped to add to vour domain. Take Waterloo, where an Irishman, recreant indeed to bis own land, yet saved you and made yon fore most among the nations. Take the literature that Swift, and Goldsmith, and Moore, and Curran, and Grattan, and a hundred Irish brains have caused to blaze with the gems of genius which they set, like splendid stars, in its diadem. Of the fabric of greatness and of power we have helped to weave for the British Empire, take whatsoever you will ; but leave us our soil and our sky, and our strong-armed and brave-hearted sons. Leave us to work out our own destiny among the nations, and let the tides sweep be tween us in peace for ever.’ “ If Ireland were prosperous she could dissolve all political relations with England, because if she were accorded self-government she would soon be prosperous. None know this better than the rulers of England, and therefore it that local ru'e has hitherto been denied to Ireland. How much longer it can be denied remains to be seen. Not long, if Irishmen everywhere are true. Not long, if those abroad in whose veins flows Irish blood will lie willing awhile to sacri fice and labour for the freedom of their native land.” 