AMALGAMATED SOCCETY OF ENGINEERS. The eighth anniversary dinner of the Port Adelaide branch of this Society was held at the Dnie of Wellington Hotel, Port Ade laide, on Mondav evening. March 24. About a hundred sat down. Mr. i'. R, Kneebone, the President of the branch, was in the chair, and was supiK-rted Ity Messrs. D. Bower, J.P., W. E. Mattinsou. M.P., Mr. T. J. King, J.?. (Mayor). Mr. W. Christie, and Mr. E. H. Derringtou. After a capital spread had been partaken of and the loyal toast3 disposed of His WoR.smr the Mayor proposed ' Tiio Parliament,' but first of all alluded to 'tha great work done iu the world by the largs body of engineers. With regard to their late members, be thought they had done their best for the good of Port Adelaide and ttis colony generally. Mr. D. BowTJi, J.P., who waa received with applause, said he was pleased to thiuk the Rev. Mr. Green was not present, &a; he was sure he would refer to himself and his colleague as the ghosts of two members of Parliament. (Laughter.) They were like scholars let loose from school; they were supposed to have done their duty, and finished their engagements, and under those circumstances they went home to their friends and acquaintances. If they had beea good boya the lessons given to them to Btudy 'would have been learned. If tuey did 'not answer the questions they were told they were not worthy of support. The Parliaments he had boea aaao- ' ciated with had generally been open to receive information or had been ready to attend to the wanta of tha people. Under those circumstances he wa» satisfied in bis own mind— although it inigUt be said the old members had sought their qwt) selfish motives— he was satisfied that niae tenths bad gone to Parliament to do what they could for their fellow-countrymen. (Hear, hear.) It had been a labour of lova with the larger number. They talked about patriotism ; but there was a great deal more of self-pride, ambition, ind other motives, desiring to b« considered of benefit to taoae around them. He would not give a fig for the man who bad only seif- aggrandizemeut before him. They were all being educated to what they had to carry out— not only the mechanic, but the labouring man. He looked - forward to the day when they would have all the members of Parliament from the Model Schools, for he thought that Port Adelaide ought to be proud that she had such offspring surrounding her. Though there was no Parliament, if anything shonld occur the Ministry would be called upon to exercise their resiKmsilnlity. No- doubt the members of the Upi-er House still held their positions, if the others were of no use to the country. The only person of power was the Governor and his Executive. To-morrow night they would hear them, but for himself and his colleague he could say they had done their best. If they hid promised to do a thing they had done it. Hence the very large requisition they bad both received they were glad to accede to. If the people of Port Adelaide would like another person ia bis place he would be glad to retire, as hu had before remarked. But he took their requisition as a reply to him. He should b8 sorry ^to refuse to act for his old friends and associates in the Port. He was an engineer himeelf, brought up to the business, and had worked at the vice and the lathe ; and he could say as a person who had worked his way up to the top of the ladder he would always strive to make it easy for others to- follow. He felt thoroughly that he waa one of themselves. (Load applause.) Mr. W. E. Mattinson, J.P., also re sponded, thcueh as he was not an hi. P. he thought he ought not to .s-pcalc. But &b; the elections were coming on he asked them to be careful in electing members, and speak out on the taxation question. He said this because members of the Upper House had rejected the taxation proposals carried by the House of Assembly previous to his being a member. He thought they threw it out on the ground that taxation was not neces sary. But it had been clearlv ehowa for three years that it was. Although ha did not agree with the Bill sent up from the House, still the Upper House ehould disensa the merits of the policy before throw ing it out, and saying they would allow the people to express an opinion on it. His reason was that it was almost impossible for them to express an opinion on the taxation question, because there were bo many ' questions besides. There were the local optiou question occupying a great number of electors , the question of payment of members, the question of the tariff, and many othei'3. But perhaps if they did not speak out plainly on the taxation question they would not itn- . pressthe Upper House that it did not represent the people. They entrusted him to try and get the Wardens of the Marine Board to alter the Board in such a way that it would have a marine engineer as one of its members to overlook practical Work done by the Govern ment. (Hear, hear.) It waa impossible for his colleague or himself to work it into the Act, but they would agree with him that tne Government gave a distinct promise that on the first vacancy they would appoint au engineer to fill it. He would not say the Government would do it, as they had pro mised so much and performed so little. But they would have an opportunity to redeem the promise, and he hoped the time was not far distant when they would see a member of the Marine Board one of their engineers. (Hear, hear.) Four names were submitted. He was not ac quainted with two of them, though he thought they were competent ; but from his personal knowledge of the other two ho thought they would be a credit to the Marine Board and to the Engineers' Society. He rcfened to Messrs. Christie and Smith, and would recommend either to the first appoint ment. He was pleased the Marine Board did not send to England for the Governor Musgrave's engines. He did not know whether they had passed the last test, but he believed they had satisfied the Board, and had shown to the world what Port Adelaide could do. (Applause.) He hoped they would keep more work in the colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. L. Barrow then proposed 'The Amalgamated Society of Engineers,' and argued strongly in favour of keeping work within the colony and imposing a duty on goods which could be manufactured here. The eight hours movement also had his warm support. Mr. W. Berry responded, aud gave a large number of figures, showing the advan tages of combination amongst tho workmen, evidenced by the amounts spent in sick pay, help to Societies in distress, and oilier worthy objects. Mr. W. Growe gave 'The Port Adelaide Branch.' Mr. R. Symes (Secretary) responded. Amopgst other information he stated that the income for the year amounted to £1!M 17s. 5d., and the expenditure to £82 4s. 7d. ; the latter sum was made up as follows : — Sick pay £12, donations £15 33., benevolent grants £6 IDs., funeral expenses £29, and working expenses £19 Gs. 7d. The year's transactions had left them a balance to the good of £112 12s. 10d., which added to the balance in hand in March, 1883, made a total ef £500 2s. lOd. Of this sum, £130 had been forwarded to Fngland to assist other branches of the Society wnich were not in such a flourishing financial condition as their own, and the sum then in the Bank was £370 2s. 10d., or £5 Is. 5d. per member. During the past twelve months the branch had added twelve new members, and had lost two by death, and several bv clearances. Tb.8 num ber then on the roll was aeventy-three, of whom six were out of employment, He thought it w&8 bad policy on the part of the Government to send such large quantities of work out of the colony, and yet to entice workmen by means of emigration. The benefit to the country would be much greater if the Government would endeavour to keep those already in it employed by sanding Go vernment work to local firms— (Hear, hear)— than by the few pounds saved by sending it to the old country, and keeping the colony iu a poor condition. (Applause.) 'Our GueBts,' 'Town and Trade of Port Adelaide,' ' The Ladies,' and ' The Press' were afterwards given and responded to. During the evening a number of songs were eung, and a very enjoyable gathering was spent. ? 