THE ClOWN'S QUEST. CHAPTER V. his old love.—(Continued). he been happy in his mind, John Groman d have been delighted with the Boulevards. It hia first visit to Paris. He had often promised *"e to take her over for a month's holiday and a bonnet; and he had often promised himself the — r- : 1 ' isure of seeing what a French clown was like in native air. He had Been the species once or twice ched to a circus and had thought it a spurious •icle, while your dancing Pierrot, a poor creature in k and white, seemed to him beneath contempt. him like objects seen in a dream. He was thinking of that lonely house by the Thames, the balcony over hanging the dark water, the mystery and the sordid horror of the scene. The fact that the Yalaoritys had been seen in Paris with diamonds in their possession seemed a conclusive proof of the worst. He had little hope now of ever seeing again upon earth the bright familiar face that had flashed upon him like a burst of sudden sunshine on the night of his birth day. They walked the busy Boulevard to a point at which they seemed to reach the uttermost limit of civilisation, and saw no trace of the Yalaoritys, though the constable made John G-roman look in every cafe on the way. Near the Porte Saint Martin they went into an unpretentious restaurant and dined, simply and briefly, neither being in the humor for the pleasures of the table. " I wonder we haven't passed them," said "W!or mald j " everybody comes to the Boulevard. If it were finer weather I should look for them in the Champs Elys6es, but it's too cold and bleak for walk ing under trees to- night." They crossed the road, and made their way back on the opposite side to that by which they had ascended the Boulevards. " What ought I to do if I see them P " asked G-ro man. " Get hold of her. Til settle with him." " You can't arrest him ? " " Wo, worse luck. He's safe* here." John Groman looked at all the faces that passed him, but none recalled the fair young face that he remembered fifteen years ago, when Clara Clews was in the bloom of her girlish beauty, a face of extreme delicacy, features finely chiselled as a Roman cameo, eyes of lustrous grey, darkened by long black lashes* a complexion like the carnation bloom on a peach. He looked and looked till his eyes ached, but in vain. Suddenly the constable pulled him sharply by the arm at the door of a caf£, a gaudy, glittering place, all lamps, looking-glasB, and gilding. " I shouldn't be surprised if that was your man," he said, directing Qroman's attention to a man and woman 'sitting at a table near the entrance, with a pair of tall glasses and a champage bottle before them. The man was old and ugly, with a mahogany skin cobbler in the old Bristol delf does to his crockery wife. The woman, sitting opposite him, was of a different type. Features finely oniselled as those in the face John Gxoman remembered of old ; eyes as large and lustrous, but of what an altered radiance; complexion changed from peach- bloom to the daH, sickly hue of old ivory—fadedrbeauty, sad relic of a life ill spent. " Yes," whispered Groman,<f that's Clara." While he was speaking Valaority rose, said some thing to his wife while he lighted his cigar, and came out of the caf6, leaving her sitting at the table, with the half-empty bottle before her. Groman and the L constable moved away from the door, and the Greek passed without noticing them. " Now's your chance/' said Wormald. " I don't suppose he'll be long away. You've no time to lose." Groman seated himself in Valaority'a empty chair. " Clara/' he said, in a low voice, leaning across the table to speak to her, " what have you done with my brother ? " She had taken the champagne bottle in her hand to refill her glass. At the sound of John Groman's at now he walked the glittering lamp-lit Boule ils without a thought of either business or pleasure, e crowd of fades, the dazzling shop windows, the rlasting cafSs, the jingling omnibuses, passed and black eyes—sharp, small, and restless as a caged rat's. If the woman at the house by the river had been a chimney ornament, this man would have made the pair. He bore the same relation to her that the voice she set it down hastily, striking the glass against the marble. "My God!" she cried, '• how like your voice is M " Like my , brother's ? That isn't sti-ange. There never were brothers nearer and dearer than Edward and I. But foryou, I should, have had him for my companion and friend all my life. You brought dis honor and misery upon my good, honest father and mother. You blighted my brother's youth, and robbed him of his good name- And when he came back to me after fifteen years, you—his evil genius— lured him to your wicked den to plunder and murder him/' " Murder," she cried. " No, no, no—not murder. It was not my doing; none of it was my doing. I stood up for him—I tried ; but you don't know what Valaority is—a devil— a devil let loose to priey upon men. He is not made of the same sort of stuff as men like you—he is not flesh and blood to suffer and feel and be sorry, as I suffer and am sorry, though I have been so wicked. My life has been all wicked ness since I married him. I linked myself to incar nate sin. I am not his wife, but his slave. When I thwart him—see, this is what he does." All this had been spoken hurriedly, in a low sup pressed voice. With her last words she pushed back the lace from her wrist, and showed John Groman two livid bruises on the fair skin—bruises that looked like the print of a man's savage hand. Then she took up the bottle again, and filled her glass with a hand that Bhook like a leaf, and drank the wine eagerly to the last drop. The constable had brought a chair to the table and seated himself by Groman's side. He was not in clined to trust altogether to his client's discretion. " Come," he said, in a soothing tone, as if he had been speaking to a child. " Come, Mrs. Valaority, tell us all about it. Your, husband will be back directly, and then it will be too late. Make a clean breast of it, and we'll take care of you. You've got the diamonds. We know all about that." " He has," said Mrs. Yalaority, vindictively, filling her glass again. " I never get anything but fine clothes and hard usage/' " What have you done with Edward Groman ? Come, you were too fond of him in days gone by to stand by and see him murdered." "Murdered!" cried Clara, with her eyes flashing. " If Valaority had laid a finger upon him, I would have torn his eyes out. I would have fought for him as a tigress would have fought for her whelps, if his life had been in danger, weak and small and crooked as I am. Fond of him in days gone by," she echoed, with a hysterical laugh, " when have I ever ceased to be fond of him ? I am fonder of him now than any thing between heaven and earth." "And yet you lured him into that vile den of yours/' said John Groman. " You let your hus band " " I thought my husband wanted only to borrow a few pounds from him. That was what he told me. Edward had come home flush of money. He called at a tavern kept by old friends of ours—people who were always kind to me—a place where I was always welcome. Edward came in while I was sitting in the bar. It was like seeing a ghost, and he was so pleased to see me, poor fellow, in spite of all the trouble I had brought upon him, and told me his adventures, and how he had made his fortune ; and while he was talking Yalaority came in, and pretended not to. be angry at seeing ub together, and wormed everything out of Edward. He told us hie was going to drop Into the theatre in the evening to surprise you on your birthday. Valaority asked him to comie to supper with us afterwards, but he said it was impossible, he must stick to dear old Jack, and then——hush," she whispered, with a look of awful fear, " here comes my husband." Wormald pulled John Groman away from the table. " I know all about it/' he said. " There's no use in talking to the Greek." The man came scowling up to the table, frowned at the two men, and frowned still mote heavily at his wife. " What have those two fellows been saying to you ?" he asked. " They are strangers in Paris, and were asking me about the sights. You might as well have taken me to a theatre fo-night, Stephen. I should like to see that play the people are all talking about, ' Thirty Years in a Gambler's Life.' " A " You'll see plays enough, if you behave yourself/' he answered roughly ( "and if you don't, you'll be the lierciine of a tragedy on your own account." " What do you mean by bringing me away ? " asked Groman, angrily, when they were on the Boulevard. " Do you think I'm afraid to face Valaority . ?" " What's the good of a row ? Or of getting that poor little woman half murdered ? I've no power to arrest him here. You want to find your brother^ don't you ? Yes, of course. Well, I've found him. " What do you mean ? " " We've been the blindest moles—we've been the most confounded asses—there isn't language strong enough to say what we've been," cried Wormald, savagely. " To get into that house, and see him lying there, and not to understand, after thirty years experience ; .and to come across the Channel, and to leave him there at the mercy of those two hags." " For pity's sake, man, don't trifle with me," ex claimed John G-roman, in a paroxysm of excitement. " What do you mean ? " " Why, that the man lying in the kitchen, smothered under a blanket, groaning in his sleep— the man that Irish hag called her husband—was your brother—liocussed, robbed, and left in that den in the care of those two beldames." " Great heaven I and we left him there to be mur dered." " Hardly. They've got what they wanted. They'll hardly use f juI play afterwards, unless he rode rusty, and they did it in self-defence. Yes, it's elear as daylight. Valaority drugged him, robbed him, and left him in charge of these women. The stupefaction of the dose, whatever it was—a pir.ch of powdered tobacco, perhaps, in a tumbler of stout—would keep him quiet for a day or two, and by that time the thief would have got safe off with his plunder." " God grant you're right," cried Groman. " I'm so convinced about it, that although I've led you on a wild goose chase over here, I'm not afraid to ask you to go back to London with me, and to trust to me to find your brother." James Wormald was right. They went back to London, and straight to the house by the river. They had some difficulty in getting in. The Greek hag had vanished, but the Irish woman was still at her post by the kitchen fire, cooking sausages, and the man was still lying on the bed covered with a blanket; but this time he was not to be kept quiet by any management of his guardian's. He flung back the bed coverings, and was talking wildly as Gr&man; and his companion entered the kitchen. It was Edward Groman, delirious, and in a high fever. The drug employed in the hocussing process had been something stronger than a pinch of tobacco, and acting upon a brain in a state of hyper-excite ment had been well nigh fatal. Another twenty-four hours in that under-ground kitchen would have finished him. That was the verdict of the doctor who assisted in removing John Groman's brother to Rose Cottage, Pentonville. Here, watched and nursed with unspeakable tender ness by Jack and the little woman, Edward Groman slowly recovered from the horror of those five days and nights in the under-ground den, during which he had had a dim consciousness of his position and sur roundings, and a sense of helplessness more awful than the fear of death. He had lain there like a paralysed creature, and seen the hag brooding over her grimy hearth, and had not known if she were real, or the hideous vision of his distracted brain. Neither the Valaoritys nor the stolen diamonds were ever heard of any more, but Edward Groman bore his loss with philosophical equanimity. , " The seed that a man sows in his youth must be reaped in his age, Jack," he said. " I have had my lesson, It's a good thing though, old fellow, that all my eggs were not in the same basket. I bought a block of land in New York with some of my money, before I shipped myself for Holland, and nobody can steal that. So, when you and the little woman are tired of me, you can send me back to America." u That will never be !" cry Jack and the little woman, in a chorus of two. THE END. ? Ten little cigarettes in a wrapper fine, The small boy sampled them, and then there were nine. Nine little cigarettes quickly one by one Get their work in on the youth, then there were none. Pour bearded doctors sitting round the bed, Each with a different shake to his learned head. Three big diseases waiting to destroy, All bearing Latin names as long as the boy. Two undertakers, gratitude in eye, Bow low to the doctors as they pass 'em by. One little funeral to the graveyard tore, One little .smoker less—one angel more. 