CONTRADICTORY STILL. Br Pxtrrirem. [Tad shocking habit* of all onr dear grandmothers —How Jonas oame to Luther "ip bed"—Why did Jonas shed tear* at the sightF—The "two infanta The "adulterine ehlld"—Who was "An drew "f—The second letter of Erasmus— Froban, the bookseller, at Basle—The revengo of the other married monks—Lather's own aooount of his own marriage—The Emperor and the Pope—The last days of Kate— Her funeral, and the generosity of the reformed blackguards.] If you are 95 or 100 years ot age, O esteemed reader, and remember what took place at your first wedding, you will understand what Professor Justus Jonas says la that letter of bis to Spalatin, as quoted in last week's Advocate. Jonas was Martin Luther's very faithful and attached friend to the last moment of the renegade monk's life. Jonas was the last person who spoke to Ltither, and Luther replied to Jonas with bis expiring gasp. Jonas nays he wag one of the witnesses to Luther's marriaire, and afterwards saw the married monk " «u bed." Jonas adds that he oould not refrain from (ears at the eight of a monk in bed with bis wife, who was a nun. How did Jonas come to see Luther in bed with his bride P If you are 95 or 100 years old, 0 esteemed, you will not require any explanations. The bridal customs observed at your own earlier marriages will make the statement of Dr. Jonas quite plain and simple. There was no such nonsenee as "Wedding Breakfasts" wben you got married, but jolly, fine, substantial dinners late on in the evening, and tben a jolly, fine, old- fashioned hearty dance, and fan And merriment which made the bouse ring with joyous sounds. And then, somewhere about one o'olook a.m., a little sooner or a little later, the bridesmaids winked at one another, and shortly after this winking they and the bride disappeared mysteriously wh«n Sir Jlogtr it Coeerly was,at its quickest whirl and the fiddlers elbows were moving at the rate of 1000 notes in a minute. Nobody saw the bride go, but she was gone, and nobody knew whereshe had gone, for people were exceedingly innocent in your young days, if you are 96 or over. We have become 14.798 times more modest and well behaved every way than our grandmothers, who were, one and all, a bold-faced, tomboy, indelicate lot, if our bashful standard of refinement and "dooenoy" is to decide. But the fact was that the lovely bride was very tired after dancing a down "country" danoes, and was getting Bleepy, and the bridesmaids seeing this, very kindly took her away to demolish her and put. her to bed. The demolishing of a bride by her bridesmaids 95 years ago was one of the most interesting of the opera sacra of the bridal ceremonies. Every stitch of all that gauee, and satin, and lace, and ribbon, and rosettes, which made her look so fascinating and sylph-like as sbe name out of church, was pitilessly pulled off the poor shrinking bride, and, instead of these pom pal garments, they ; enveloped her in a oloud of snow-white drapery of lawn and cambric, and then, with \- Bhowers of kisses and with volleys of pretty little loving, but somewhat mocnng lausrV, they, that is the bridesmaids, laid ber in the nuptial oradle, hoping Bhe would sleep •well. But just before they consigned her graceful form to its place of repose, the most interesting part of the demolishtnent came on, and consisted in the removal of the bride's Bilk stocking, which was folded inside out, and then common ocd a certain mystical pastime once known as the TFFHOTFLNG OF THE STOCKING, into the origin and meaning of which I pro pose to inquire some time in the fore part of the next century, if all live and be well. It seems to have prevailed in ratlier respectable circles, for we have it recorded by Sir Walter Soott, in his delightful poem of " MAUKION, that it constituted a part of the festive frolios at the wedding of the lady Clara, which King Henry the 8th and.Ins queen Katharine honoured with their presence; for Sir Walter tells us that " Bluff King Hal-the curtain drew And Katharine's hand the stocking thrtic." But to proceed. About halfan hour after the bridesmaids bad winked at each other, etrange to say, (be groomsmen also winked at bash otfcer, and, presently, the bridegroom and MB men disappeared from tie tdancdngrooTn. and burst-in upon the pportive VriSeejnalds who "were throwing the stocking eo mirthfully. These damsels, thereupon, retreated, and the bridgroom was then unfrocked jby hia attendant valets, who put on Ms nightcap, assisted him to liis pillow an MB own Bide of the bridal oouoh, drew the curtains, and bade good-night. Now it was "when dfeoharging the duty of *' beat to 'Martin Luther on tie night of Ids marriage that Professor Jonas saw the husband monk "in bed," as be saya, with bis nun wife, and shed those team of grief and vexation at the sight, agKMtats though he, that Jonas, wafc. We have changed all that sow. We have done away with wedding dinner* and the •tanking. We send up to Hoby fore email trtmk of tiny eatin slippers, and we pat the bride and bridegroom fat a vantage end tend Ofeh off at * cantor, while the bridwmwio, Inn) the satin dippei* In handfnk after wadded pair as thqy depart on their wedding What did JortM shed t*»srs for wben he saw Luther ** in bed " t Waa it for joy at. his dear friend's choice of a nun for wife, or was it of sorrow at. having married a wlfn in such a oonditlon f Luther's friends, and hottest among them, Malsh, all say that there was nothing in the nun's condition to merit reproaoh or censure. The monk's friends say that Kate von Bora's conduct was Irreproaohable. They do not deny that she was a runaway nun, but this they say was to her oredtt, and that her conduot for tho two years she was floating about at Wittemberg was stainless and blameless. She absoonded from her convent along with eight other nuns to get rid of what Luther Bpnke of as their " incestuous chastity." She arrived in Wittemberg April 6, 1623, and was married to Luther June 13, 1625. She was thus two years and two months under the protecting wing of Dr. Martin, the apoBtate monk, supported by him with means supplied by nis supporters. From Luther's letters we find that she was living in Ins house, and two other of the run-away nuns with her. But we also learn that, she was also living under his roof without any female companions. In 1684 the monies of tho Augustinian monastery at Wittemberg mustered one day and marclicd out of it in a body, abjuring all allegiance to the Catholic Church and their monastic rule. Tliey never caino back to their convent, and Martin, who had his cell in it, took possession of four or five of the Seated rooms. One was his study. Another his dining-room. In a third ho received his visitors, A fourth ho occupied a? bedroom. A fifth as a sort of museum or library. In t.ho empty convent Amsdorf also had apartments, as liad some other professor. Sit of the fly-by-night nuns, were got rid of within a year or fifteen months of their " escape" in the end of March, 1523. Bat three remained on hand some months longer. Then two mare were provided for in some way. Then Katharina Bora only was left, and from Luther's letters we gather' that she was in the same house with him. This seems to have caused the talkers of the city to talk very froi'ly both of Luther and the nun. But th>>v talked, not only about Luther and her, but about her and Amsdorf, a barrister, and one of Luther's counsel at the diet of Worms: and not only of her and Amsdorf, but of Jerome Baumgartener, of Nuremberg, with whom, as I think, she was really in love. Then there was soandalous tattle about the journey down from Leipsio to Wittemberg, when the nino refugees were in the cara of young Mr. Koepp6 and his accomplice, who enabled them to "bolt.;" and on Katharina'* first, confinement the child was said bv some to be Amedorfs, by others to bo Baumgartener'e, but by most to be Luther's own. In one of his letters of 1526, Martin epos Its of it as a grievance and anuoyanoe that Kate, his wife, bad two infants to nurse, one in the house and one out of it. What this means is conjectured to be the infant born soon after the marriage and the babe unborn, and to which she gave birth in June, 15*26. In another letter Luther alludes to the adulterine child aud neveral years afterwards, in writing to his friend Jerome Wilier, Luther tells him that he had given bis son Andrew a flogging. But the names of the three SOUB born to Luther in wedlock were John, Paul, aud Martin. Who, then, was Andrew P Luther's enemies say it was no oth«r than the ehild who had arrived seven or eight months too noon after the marriage. On the other hand, Luther's friends say that the words " adulterine child," in one of his letters, are a mistake, and ornrht to be " an adopted child;" and that Luther fioffg^d Aiidirtp, a servant, and not a eon. More- ' over, Luther's friends say that Erasmus revoked the scandal whioli he wrote to his friend Mnuch at Rome in his letter of October, 1556, for Erasmus wrote another letter in January, 1526, to his friend Francis Sylvanns, president of the Council of State in the Netherlands, and said that, Katharina Bora's premature confinement was a fable. But then, those who wer« not Luther's friends—that, is, the Catholic writers —say that Erasmus died in 1536, and lib letters were published Br FBOBBK in 153S. But who was FrobenP Froben was a bookseller and publisher at Basic, in Switzerland. Like JEoolampadina and ©ue-half of the cituens of Basle, Froben adopted the Lutheran re relation made to him br the deril. Erohen beoame a xealot in behalf of the new Luoiforian gospel. And when Froben was publishing the lottere of Emsmus, ha eortpturally manipulated then here and there, in aider to whitewash Luther and. his iron "wife. XTnleas you took in baud, O esteemed reader, to unravel the tangled *tk«jn of Katharina Bora's two years* residence at Wittemberg, you oould hardly imagine how difficult it is to trace out her historv for that period. Protestant writer* riur over facte, and (kip incident*, and jumble things together eo aa to all but baffle every efiort to obtain a dew and consistent nooittinl of her movements from the oicht ot her elopement to ber asamage. If Lather w** the father of the Reformation Katharina B<*» may set up a *ftrang claim to be called me mother of that fteniy. Sbe ran away worn net sottTtnt throagh reading Lather's monastic hfe, and, by ber indax***, ptw*d bewelfin a DoeitM* whieh «hefcMvak«ft> ritabte osateqmt** of it* immodest. ber to tea^ttfHMawi t» » » » INK HBH tl H with ia^m^. i«4fcr may, «t eouree, dfeptfe the rathl of Latbfcr to be real author of the. (Wman revolt against the ovanstelloal dispensation and Catbolio Ohuroh; but, granting to LutW the aver infamous reputation whioh his lioenttous son* and looao-toned daughters would oonfer upon him, the whole preaching and praolioe of their father Martin and their mother Katharina stamp the so-called Reformation in its rise and progress as a proclamation of the asoendenoy of unbridled libertinism over holy purity, and tbe glorification of the brothel. If St. Taul ever spoke a word of truth, the sensual passions can be held in oomplete subjection to reason through the grace of Qod. This ia the point on whioh the whole apostasy of Luther hinges; and, in spite of the anU- Ohristian principle involved in the Lutheran saturnalia, wherever the Gatholio faith penetrates tho dark regiona of the earth, as holily and as usefully as in the centres of modern civilisation, the triumph of tho oonvent life and prinoiple defies all the rage ot eooulariem to subvert it or impede it, and all the malice of foul, false tongues to misrepresent it. In spita of sots and oynia sensualists, the world understands what oonvent life moans. It is self- control, self-mastery, self-denial, selfsaorifioefor high and noble purposes; while Luther, a perjured monk, ana Katharina Bora, with the taint upon her of virginity dishonoured, so that even the apostate Justus Jonas, Luther's most devoted follower, shed tears of anguish at the sight of them, while as " best man" he was drawing the curtains round them in their obscene marriage bed—fitly, oh ! fitly, indeed, did the wretohed pair personify the ruling passion of the "Reformation. ' Gracious mercy! That such a leprous coujunotiou—such a fetid combination, should be tho fouutaiu and the asphaltio stream whioh flowed from it—should no blaaoued forth at noon-day as a " Reformation" 1 Never, perhaps, sinoo Adam aud his wife Eve were driven out in the wrath of God from the garden of Eden— never, it may be affirmed, did another pair eo aptly typify humauity in its lowest, vilest, aud moat pitiable state of swiuish degradation as that forsworn and adulterous pair, Martin and Katharina Luther, as Justus Jonas left them on the uight of that 13th of June, 1525. The unholy design was kept eo secret, by both of them, up to the last moment, that the news fell like a thunderbolt on all Saxony and threw Wittemberg into a state of amusement and consternation. His friends, generally, wouldn't believe it at first, but it was onlv too true, and caused more than Jan as to shed tears—tears of shame and regret. Philip Helanothon was in despair about it. Luther had always protested so loudly that he would never marry, and had been eo satirical and severe on monka who took wives that Melancthou saw, with inexpressible pain, what a storm of odium and ridicule it would draw down upou the new religion. From all parts of Germany Luther was attacked from two opposite parties—the apostate monks whom he had reviled and lashed so unsparingly from the pulpit and the pivss, and by the Catholics, who all along regarded Luther's proceedings as a mask for Husite radicalism and "free love." Cariacatures, lampoons, puns, filthy doggrel rhymes poured in upon him from every side, and it bad the effect also of causing many who were wavering.to return to Catholic communion. Luther, though sopopular as the inspiring genius of the German Home Rule party, was always a poor man, and, to do htm ready justice, he was proud of his poverty. Had he apprised his friends of his intentions, no doubt there would have been an ample store of good things provided tor the wedding feast; but so little preparation was he able to make, that the marriage feast had to be postponed for several days after the marriage rite. The Lord Mayor of Wittemberv n>ut in 12 bottles of different sorts of high-claw winea. The Town Council sent in two handsome wedding rings; for in Saxony, when a lord ot the creation reduced himself to a oondttion of tfuray, they compelled the happy wretch to wear the badge of slavery, as well as the unfortunate fair one who had enslaved him. Luther's wedding ring is still shown at Wittemberg among other sacred njlios of the half-erased renegade. The feast was not a very joyous one when it did come. Few approved of the union. No one rejoiced over it, and the nuptial supper might almost have been mistaken for a funeral solemnity. And whatever effect tho marriage had upon fats frieods, on himself at first it weighed with uneasy and humiliating pressure. He was aahaaaed to go abroad for many days, and even apprehensive ot being booted in the streets. But the deed was dona, and be must abide by it He oould not do as n ambers of moake whom bis writings bad inflamed and misled. Many of these in a ehort time f<*8oek tbe nuns or other women whom they married, onto tbe pretence that such marriages we** not lawful, and then went el* where and married freeh victims. Some of the apostate monk* are eaid to have married eix or eeeee timM, giving each wife a Ml *f rfirerr*. aa tbe Seriptom appointed. Luther e first explanation of hu sudden change of mind about marriage was in a letter to Gfelariaa.. I can't areouet for it," be ; "it i* a miracle. The hand of Q«d was in it. He pointed at the worM and me." In another •etter be said" I married to make the *»qw»* Uugh and An devtU weep.** In «w»b«r fetter he asMi— 1 "It «n amHuj tor me, not only to preaehmama«et bat ata to PMfaft." K&arfaaTe; M»&M;)», «•»* white neek, an4 ranfe* limba, a»d bnxoaa bad WHt to do wfeh it. Bnt the time be oboae to fate* bis baaMwm H» i^iiiont taMfck M been «amtd att, nwwTfcimagitatti tbe pwant* in An mime ttalliiM Hit TIMFEFA* went aakenget OMS, Into open rebellion against Duke and and war began. But, nndrilled ZTl ' armed, they were mowed down by th»i " perM army; upwards of 100,000\f tW deluded visionaries were slaughtered in the conflict—a slaughter which some Protestant bishops reckon as one of the precious blessings of the Reformation, At that time of bloody doom for his peasant countrymen Luther chose to indulge in the luxury of a wife, and kept his feast whan Thurlngia* was in if £ and death Struggle for that id I! liberty whioh Luther's eloquence had paiuM for them in such fascinating colours. Jw tho wedding wonder died out. K»tWjn» had buttons to sew on and baby-linen 7r wash. She was proud of her husband's meit famo, and, aa his wife, she might naturallr expoot to be, socially, a partaker in tho zetmt paid to him. But the historians ear {w the ladies of Wittemberg never acknowledged or admitted her claim to the entree of eooie tT and, when they saw her in the street, wosia turn and look into shop windows, so as tn avoid saluting her. The Lutheran gospel however, progressed. The Peasant War favoured it, for the Government had ita hands full with that distraction; tho decree of Worms against Luther's preaching 1 and publications remained a dead letter. Then UCOBO another war hnrri. cane in Europe. Francis the 1st of Franco, as previously stated, was the rival of the young Emperor Charles V. Francis held gome territory in Italy. The Pope Clement VII. joined with Francis to Wet the Emperor's influence in Italy. Chsrleg V. deolared war against the Pope and Francis. The BATTLE OF PAVIA. took place. The Pope and Francis I. were totally defeated. Francis was captured, and sent to Spain a prisoner. Charles V„ the Catholic Sovereign, who upheld the Paps] authority at Worms in 1522, bnt was tiow at war with the Pope, enlisted regitneut* of Luther's disciples in Germany when musteriag his forces to march into Italr. After the battle of Pavia, Charles V. married on Rome, took the city, besieged the Pop« in the Castle of St. Angelo, and gave up the city to pillage. For Weeks and months the pillage went on. The churches were robbed of the altar vessels, of pictures and statues, and turned into stables. Houses were rifled. The banks looted. Private properly destroyed. Palaces burned. Whole streets levelled. Rome has never recovered from this German sack: so ruthless, so barbarian was the ruin. St. Peter's, scarcely completed, narrowly escaped being burnt to the ground, being saved by a heavy black-mail which the captors exacted ; and on a certain day the German legions held a carouse around the tombs of the Apostles Peter and Paul, and with drunken acclamations proclaimed Martin Luther Pope ! ! O, my esteemed reader, I fear you are not half aware yet of the bless, inga the world has received through Germany from Martin Luther. But the Sultan, Suleyman, now thought his turn was come while the Catholic Charles V. was ransacking the Pope's city. Suleyman, with a large Moslem army, attacked Hungary, and Charles V. found it neoessary to make peace with Pope Clement, that he might go to the defence of Hungary. So he recrossed the Alps and called on the princes of Germany to raise troop* and come to his assiet* anoe in repelling the Turks. But while Charles was " smashing" the Pope, Luther's new religion had spread and taken faster hold; and Luther knew this, and was bold enough to preach in favour of the Turks, and exhorted " all Christians" not to lift a hand against them, for God hai sent them to overthrow the papal power. Charles drove the Turks back, ana then followed the scenes of strife and disunion among the blessed reformers about the true plan of reformation, whioh are too long to tell of here. The fear of the Turks compelled Charles V. to temporise. Fifteen years of rancorous disputes among THE THSES NEW SBCTS, Lutherans, Sacwnentarians, and Anabaptists passed. Luther died, and the year after Charles V. besieged Wittemberg, which had gone into open rebellion. Luther's widow and children, by th« help of some friend, made their escape, and went up to live at Torgau. After Luther's death the was often in great distress, even to tbe want of food for the children. At Torgau things went still worse with ber. Jonas and Melancthon wrote to all the new Protestant princes on ber behalf, begging their pecuniary aid to p the great reformer s family from xing. Out of 10 or 12 princes Only on* ever took any notice of the appeal, and that una waa Sing Quistian ot Denmark, aa apostate, who sent her £5 (50 florins). Two yeare after she wrote to Christiau herself in a vary touching bat ample letter; but his Majesty never deigned a reply.' In l&iths; plague broke oat where die was living,'and a kind gentleman lent his chariot to remove heuelt and toe children from the infected locality to a village. On the road the bonea ran away, and upset the chariot • She waa thrown out, hat not tailed, nor any bones brok«: but tbe foil and the fright brought «a Mtfoua debility, and she sank and di^L, after an illneea of three weeks, on Itaember 80, ISS&s; uaherStodyear. The next day "is Sunday, December a, and, wn the aftera** ^L^?' <* the {iamb pc*^ the foUowiag <» the door of his tiurchV- Konee! "Katharine Ton Bor» i, dead. b»fcat ainws «a tioeehiny^Tw&lovaf; hand. Then eame war, which droveher into Mil inflicted upon her alio the more M& Sg of the inPitude of her follow- Sn^tVittemberg]. Shetroitodin God, S wlmly w«mendSr her children to Hi. ^.teplorteg also the Holy Ghost toreHore t^t HHitwtfdMtriM, which h»r pious huthan S P W ^ - a S J S S S : ami KMsemble at three o'olook this day at tar bone in the Castle-street, and attend the buhl of the worthy lady." Paul EHHB, PaBtor. This is a mournful document to read; but •what hare you to say for "the reformers" O. eBteemed reader, who left the mother of their glorious Reformation to live and die in «uoh forlorn and unpitied starvation P The parishioners carried her to the grave. A thiok stone oovers it, and on the stone is engraved a life-siw» figure of the poor negleoted Katharine, with her right hand raised, and holding in it an open Bible. Feb. 12, 1884. 