e~n at Sea. One ot~De' Q iiiny's similei-to solniething or other, was that of a woman ailing'over the water, awakening out of sleep to find her necklace untied and one end hanging ovdfi tlt'wvires;' while p-erl after pearl drbps' from the string just beyond her reach; when she clutches at one just falling, another drops beyond recovery. It must have been in a skiff, 'or small pleasure.boat of some kind, and the woman had only dropped into a doze;. When' a fe male goes sailing over big water, she makes different arrangements. Most of them stick pretty close to the berth, put away necklaces and other valuables in tile locker, let down their back hair, and prepare for a seige. If they prefer to be on deck' when trouble commences, they just hang over the bul warks, clutching at whatever is handy, and at suitable intervals drop into the waves all they have eaten for a day or two, and don't care to recover it. In fact, rather the con trary. At that particular time they would gladly give all their pearls to be at home, and if there is any time for remarks, they are generally to the effect that a great piece of folly was committed when they stepped foot on the horrid boat. and a conviction amount ing to certainty that they will never again see the loved ones at home;, It is a pitiable sight; and if she is young and' pretty, the male members of the pas. songers-or such of them as are not paying tribute to Neptune-are at a losswhat to do. Any one of them would gladly giveher the aid of his strong right arm, but knows that she is not at all desirous of extending the circle of her acquaintance just at that moment. This is written on the basis of the sufferer being an unmarried woman or giddy -at the time very giddy-girl. She has pressing bnsiness on hand; the blandishments of all the Adonises on board are as nothingin her eye. Possibly, how ever, she may have her brother along, or some other relative, or 'maybe her afianced is travelling with her; but in either case the assistance he can render is comparatively small. He can hold her head, to be sure, with one hand, and pat her affectionately on the back with the other, and say, "Poor girl, you will soon feel better; cheer up I" and ask her if she wouldn't like something to eat! "Eat," she replies, in a staccato voice, "I shall: never eat anything more, Henry. You will see that I am not buried in the horrid ocean, but in the old church yard at home, won't you!" She feels pretty (w)retched about this time, and Henry does his best to cheer her up, but with little sccesss. After awhile, though, when there is posi tively nothing more to throw up, she says in a weak voice, "I think I might go to my state-room now," and Henry on one side and some other gentleman on the other convey her to that sanctuary of rest and hand her over to the ministrations of the kind old stewardess or matron, who makes her as comfortable as possible, and she soon sinks into dreamless slumber if she has good leck. She remains asleep for twenty.four hours, and then re-appears on deck pale and wan the very ghost of the merry girl who em barked so gaily at Sandridge. Not long, however, does she remain so. The fresh breeze gradually brings back the red roses to her cheek, and sparkle to her eye and buoyancy to her step, and she says to Henry: "I do believe I could eat a little break fast" (or dinner, as the case may be), and he hastens to conduct her to the banquet hall. Let us draw aveil over that "little break fast," and succeeding meals. "Hungry as a wolf " is about the correct thing to use in this connection, and, barring storms, the balance of the trip is "just splendid." 