Local and General News. It was notified in the Government Gazette of Saturday that Miss M. Lynam had been pro- moted to the position of second assistant teacher in the Allenstown State School. The four prisoners who were sentenced at the District Court— Reuben Smith, Charles Kelly, William Wilkinson, and Thomas Coghlan — were forwarded to Brisbane on Tues- day in the Keilawarra, in charge of Constables Sweeney and Capper. The following notice has been posted at the Telegraph Office :— Cablegrams for China are subject to considerable delay owing to restric- tions made by the Chinese caused by their war with France. The Chinese are hostile, and great difficulties are just now experienced in forwarding messages. (Signed) T. H. C, Chief Manager, E.T. Department, Brisbane. We are informed that an alteration has been made in the directorate of the Central Queens- land Meat Export Company. At a special meeting of the directors held at the offices on Tuesday. Mr. William Harvey Holt, of Glenprairie, was elected to fill the place of the lateMr. James Thomson, and Mr. C W. Little, of W. Sloane and Co.. that of Mr. A. A. Wright, resigned. The Secretary of the School of Arts informs us the funds of that institution have been augmented by £100 by the Exhibition held last month. This will go towards wiping off the expenditure incurred by the enlargement of the hall, the erection of a stage and pros cenium, and verandahs «11 round the building* This result may be looked on as fairly satis factory for a first effort, as there is a likelihood of future exhibitions being more profitable, the Committee having by ex perience become acquainted with their m inMuyinqi t, and twjng able to conduct them at less expense. At last the new Gaol is occupied. We were beginning to think it would show feigns of decay before the many alterations that have suggested themselves to the authorities were completed, but this has been prevented by Mr. Sheeny being ordered to shift bis qnarters. TJie prisoners in the old Gaol were removed on Monday to thfir new abode nndar the escort of a corps of armed police. It would be interesting to leacn what is to be done with tbe old building— whether it is to be utilised for an Immigration Depot or banded over to tbe Railway Department. It is understood that the latter will have the control of it, in which case it will be used for railway purposes. A ckktleman who lately visited Keppel Bay informs us it is absolutely necessary a medical officer should be stationed at Sea HTT1 if thA proclamation for the examination of all passengers from southern port* is to be carried out in ita integrity. He states that the steamers are boarded in the Bay by the pilot* in charge of the station on Curtis I«j*«^ by the men of tbe cutter from Gladstone, and by the Custom House Officer. Those who have bees oo board the aoathern boats are not pre vented from im»™rdifttyly mingling with tbe passsengers on the British-India steamers if they are in fort Alma, and witb those on the northern coasting steamers. This is a state of affairs that should not be allowed to con tinue, as the h-*^lth of the public may be endangered, and apparently by negligence on the part of the Government. The announcement that a lecture would be delivered in the Primitive MethodistCburch on Tuesdaynightbythe Rev. T.Jones on 'Shake*, peare, the poet, and his poetry,' only at tracted a small audience, not more than twenty being present. The Rev. W. Powell apologised for the absense of the Rev. T. Jones, who had missed the train that morning, and stated he was prepared to deliver a discourse on the life and works of St. PauL Mr. G. Acbeson occupied the chair, and in introduc ing the rev. lecturer, regretted the absence of Mr. Jones and tbe small attendance, especially as the funds were to be for tbe school library. Mr. Powell then gave an interesting lecture on the works and life of St. Paul, being listened to throughout with attention, and accorded a hearty round of applause at tne conclusion. At a meeting of the Duaringa Divisional Board held on Wednesday, 10th instant, there were present Messrs. George Barnard, W. Bell, P. Diamond, and A. A. Wright (Chair man). Tbe Chairman reported that a well had been sunk on the main road thirty miles from Duaringa to a depth of forty-one feet, twenty -two feet of which was through rock, and that a supply of good water had been obtained, rising to within fifteen feet of the surface. A windmill is erected and works well, but rather stiffly, and a trough to hold 4500 gallons is now being constructed. He suggested that the trough sboold be fenced in^DUt this was objected to as being un necessary. Healso reported that £170 had been placed at tbe disposal of the Board for the purpose of building bridj»«s. As no bridges are required in tbe division, and no money had been asked for, the generosity of the Minister was considered quite overpowering, bat it was thought that, hampered with such conditions, the money would be of no use to the Board, and mi&ht; eventually be returned to the Treasury. The Clerk reported a balance in the Bank of £190, and a fixed deposit of £350. It having been found that the water supply of the township is almost ex hausted, the oinL-.Tig of a well was authorised, and Messrs. Bell and Diamond undertook ti sec the work carried out. The Board decided and a horse and cart was ordered to be pur chased. On the question of the rate to be struck for the ensuing year a difference of opinion arose, and ultimately it was carried by tbe casting vote of the Chairman that the lowest possible rate be levied— viz., four-pence in the pound. I* the Government Gazette of Saturday last tbe following notifications were pub* lished :— Constable Edward Hayes, to be Inspector of Slaughter-houses at Comet, in the room of Constable J. J. £. Williams, transferred ; Henry M. Cockborn, to be assistant Health Officer for the port of Glad stone. It is notified that gT*Mni nr tinnE for scholarships to Grammar Schools will be held on the 16th and 17th of December next, subject to specified conditions. A further extension of the Central Railway, from Pine Hill to Alpha, will probably be opened for public traffic on Monday, 22nd instant. Tenders are called for the construction of composite bogie break vans, Central Northern Railway ; and for the erection of quarters for the Inspector of Police at Win ton, and of the Sergeant of Police at Winton. Apropos of medical degrees Dr. Taylor writes to a Sydney contemporary: — In many respects medical science is passing through both a period of transition and a state of trial in Great Britain. Whatever may be thought of it, there can be no doubt that the opposition to compulsory vaccination is in creasing. Nor is tiiis all. With it there is springing up, even in the educated classes. tbe opinion that tbe medical profession is p3ssess«d of too much arbitrary and irrespon sible power. Consequently lam not surprised to see the idea mooted of the formation of a tribunal for the medical profession similar to that which exists among lawyers under tbe name of ' Tbe Incorporated Law Society ' By means of the Utter authority, peccant solicitors are properly brought to book, autl a generally high standard of legal ability and morality is kept up. The idea is neither so crude nor so impracticable as some people suppose ; nor is it so Utopian as not to come shortly within the range of practical politics. We have been shown by Mr. Dowling, of Retro, two samples of merino wool taken from the two rams recently purchased by Messrs. Chirnside and Power, and which were landed here on Sunday morning from the Glanwortu. The wool is of first-class quality, and the samples tire such as are seldom seen in Queens land. The rams are destined for Retro, and will be despatched to that station as soon as they have undergone the usual term of quaran tine. Their pedigrees are as follow : — Dense, son of Fortune, bred by Mr. J. D. Toosey, of Tasmania, by the Cham pion Cnp ram Fortune, sold in Sydney in July last for £336, he being a pure grand son of the celebrated Old Sir Thomas. The other ram is named Royal Duke, and is also of highly fashionable pedigree. He is by No. 1 Royal Duke, which was sold last year in Melbourne for 520 guineas. Messrs. Chirn side and Power are to be commended for their vnterprise in introducing such valuable stud stock into the district, and we trust they may find them as great a source of profit as they should be. Anotherlot, consisting of ewes and rams, came by the same steamer for Messrs Whittinghara Bros, and Davidson, of Alice Downs. They are also a very choice lot of sheep, and will form a valuable addition to the flocks on the Barcoo. A cokfibmation service was held onThursday evening by the Lord Bishop of Brisbane, Dr. Hale, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon G4ennie, in the Anglican Church. Tbe edifice wma fr«mu1-*«4 in jtJt narls. And fcliWft w*»j-*» many persons at the doors unable to get reata. Immediately after tbe third bell had hf-ftn tolled the CMidH*t** for confirmation — forty-three young ladies and twenty-one youths and men— marched up the centre aisle of the church from the William-street entrance. The ladies being attired in white, and the gentlemen mostly dad in black, the procession was a pretty one. When all were seated near the altar rails the organist (Mr. E. F. Dingle) played the introductory chords to the processional hymn ** Onward Christian Soldiers.' and the choristers, wear ing their white surplices, marched up the aisle singing the hymn, the congregation join ing in after tbe first verse. A shortened form of evening service waB read by the Rev. W. A. Diggens, assisted by the Rev. A. C. Yorke, who read the lessons. The choir then sang tiie hymn ' Behold us Lord before thee met,' which was appropriate to the occasion. Be fore the confirmation Bervice was commenced Bishop Hale said he regretted very much he appeared there in such a weakly condition, but he did act wishjthem to belie ve he was worse than he was. He then addressed a few words to the congregation as to the solemnity of the rite of confirmation. They knew what dangers young people were subject to in the present day, and it afforded him, and must also those present, great joy to see so many coming forward to declare themselves on tbe Lord's side. He trusted they would offer up a special prayerforthem that they might renounce all evil. The confirmation service was opened by Archdeacon Glennie reading the preface, after which tbe Bishop said, ' Do you here, in the presence of this congregation, renew the solemn promise and vow that was made in your name at your baptism ; ratifying and confirming the same in your own persons, and acknowledging yourselves bound to believe, and to do, all those things which your god fathers and godmothers then undertook for you.' The answer ' I do ' was pronounced very distinctly by every candidate. The ladies then proceeded in parties to the altar ! rail, and afterwards the youths, and the Bishop went through the ceremony of ' lay ing on of hands ' praying that they might be defended witb heavenly grace. The reading of the prayers had only been commenced, however, when the gas commenced to flicker, the lights jumping in such an erratic manner as to snspend the reading of the prayers for a few seconds. It seemed aa if the air had found its way into the pipes, tbe majority of the lights round the pillars being cxtinguiscd simultaneously. The escape of the gas, which emitted an offensive odour, was very sickening, and as tbe efforts of the congregation to Ire-light the jets were futile a number [bftiyw fearful of an explosion. ? and commenced to leave their *mU. The words of the Bervice were not heard above the noise created by the exit of a crowd of people, and as soon as the prescribed form had been gone through the Bishop announced the senice at a close. Mr. Dingle played the Hallelujah chorus, and the congregation groped their way out of the edifice. This mishap, for such it ronst be regarded, was the means of shortening the service, as it was the intention of Bishop Hale to have delivered an address. A collection was also to have been taken for the Additional Clergy Fund. Ln the new time-table printed to-day, for the opening to Alpha on Monday, 22nd instant, considerable alterations have been made, which may be brie6y described as fol io wb:— The fast passenger train for Alpha and Clermoot leaves Rockhampton at 5 a.m. on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, and a mixed train, carrying passengers and goods, leaves Rockhampton for Emerald at 10 a.m. on Mondays, Wednesdays, of this train to Alpha a passenger carriage in attached to the 6 a.m. goods train from Emerald to Alpha on Tuesdays, There days, and Saturdays. Tbe fast passenger trains leave Alpha at 5 a.m. on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, arriving at Rock hampton at tbe same hour as at present, viz. —6*30 p.m., so that letters can be delivered the same evening. Ample accommodation is also made for the local traffic between Bogan tungan and Pine Hill, as will be seen by the perusal of tbe note at tbe foot of the time table The department have had to make the alterations mentioned in their arrangements for the passenger traffic owing to the increased passenger traffic, which it is expected will be amply provided for by the three fast trains a week, which are now timed to run the extra distance in the same time as it at present t-apennim in the trin *n Pine HiD Tn ma.tin-r this alteration the department have studied the convenience of throuirb passengers, and as a set-off against the daily fast train have given more accommodation than formerly for local passenger traffic, which it is thought desirable should be encouraged. Among the consequences of the high rate of interest paid upon money in ^nrtriM'* is the attraction hither of capital from other coun tries. Itseeksemplovment in various ways, and among others in insurance business. Several Australian societies have sprung up into vigorous existence, and recently American colony the scene of their operations. Amnnp these U The Equitable I if** Assurance Society of the United States, for whom Messrs. Mac by Mr. Musson, are the local agents. The travelling agent of the society, now in town, is anxious *w»d desirous of ^xt*1 *?''''£ the principles on which the business of the society ib carried on. These diner from those of other societies. There is the ordinary system of insuring for life and dividing the bonus every year. Thfcn there is the Tontine system, under which the policies may be taken out for ten, fifteen, or twenty years. At tbe end of tbe period agreed upon tbe insurer may take out the cash value of bis policy, with from thirty to sixty per cent added to the total premiums ; or he might take the profits only in cash, which, amount to eighty per cent of the premiums ; or take a paid-up policy amounting to double instead of a cash bonus and still receive tbe sum insured at death ; or take out the whole of tbe surrender value in an annuity ; or apply the cash bonus to create a reversionary addition to tbe policy, which, in the caae of £1000, would bring it op to £3500. There is also a third system which combines tbe tontine system, and the ordinary surrender value principle. It will be seen that the Equitable Society presents a considerable choice of methods of insurance. The best means of securing a bountiful supply of water on tbe Winton and Muttal burra and Hughenden and Winton roads is a question that has been receiving the attention of the Government, and the work of boring and forming dams in the localities mentioned has been proceeding for the last few months. A gentleman, who has lately arrived from tbe scene of operations, furnishes us with a few par ticolars. which possess interest for the public. At the time of our informant's departure from the west, the boring partv was at Bradley'* Creek, oo the Muttaburra and Winton Roads, about forty eight miles from Muttahurra. The bore has been taken down a depth of 350 ft., and tlie water is within 39 ft. of the surface, and the supply that can be obtained is between 400 and 500 gallons per hour. The water is raised by means of a whip, hut there is every probability of tenders being called for the sinking of a Bhaft at an early date. Boring is now proceeding at the Darr River, on the same road, bnt about eighteen miles nearer Winton, and it is confidently anticipated that water will tie struck in the course of a month. At Bradley's Creek also, and at Winton, shafts will l»e sunk as soon as convenient to supply the travelling public A damof about 25,000e cubic yards capacitv has been formed on thr Mntta'burra and Winton Road, twenty four miles from the latter township, which will be a convenience to residents when sufficient rain falls to fill it. In addition to the Tiffin borer, there are two steam scoops at work, one at Policeman's Waterbole, seven miles from Winton on the Muttaburra and Winton Road, and the other at Olio Creek on the Winton and Hughenden Koad. The pro press of operations is much impeded by the want of grass, which is the reason tenders have not been callod for the sinking of shafts &c;, but as sooj as the drought has per manently brokenup a tank of from 25,000 to 30,000 cubicyards willbeconstnicted at Mutta burra pp*i other pliHTf alone the roads re ferred to. The expenditure in connection with the work is great, bat indirectly the works will no doubt remunerate the Govern* ment. Water has to be carried for the use of tbe boring and scooping parties ; for Police man's Creek it bos to be ta-t-'**' a distance of | and for Olio Creek a similar distance, but for the Dut River seventeen miles has to be traversed by horses to sapply tbe wants of tbe men and the horses engaged in working the boring machine. A Londos correspondent writes :— ' Tbe whole of the Agents-General received invita tions to the garden party given at Mariborough House this afternoon. This is the first time that this attention has been Bbown by the Prince and Princess of Wales to tbe colonial representatives as a body.' The Daily Observer states that ' Donald Wallace is about to resign his seat for (Ver mont in favour of George Thorn.' Upon this the Gladstone Obarrtrr remarks, ' If this con tains any truth it will be welcome news to Mr. Thorn's friends here.' Does that mean that Mr. Thorn's friends in Gladstone will be glad to get-abot of him. It looks like it. Fotre hundred fat cattle from Oxford Downs Station were camped on Thursday evening at Gracemere Show Grounds. They are destined for Gladstone for shipment to Sydney, and are in charge of Mr. T. Graham. Another lot of 198 fats, from Mr. F. Beardmoic's Balcoomba Station, arrived at Lake's Creek yesterday ; also 200 fats from Fitzroy Vale passed over the Fiteroy Bridge on Tuesday tor Gladstone. We have heard, on good authority, tlmi*. one large squatting firm have made arrangements with Messrs. Howard Smith anil Sons to ship cattle direct from tbe Rockhampton wharf, and that the steamer Yon Yangs will probably be employed in that service before long. It certainly ap pears strange that with such extensive works as those of the Central Queensland Meat Export Company at Lake's Creek breeders should find it necessary to export to the southern colonies. The Times this week says a home cor respondent published an important telegram ference to the latest development of German colonial policy. It is proposed to start a company for the purpose of purchasing tracts of land in South Africa ' with the view of thus promoting tbe establishment of a German agricultural and trading colony.' A cptniwittw of gentlemen hft* already been ap* pointed* and a public meeting is arranged for the 19th of this month, at which the objects of the society will be fully explained. As the correspondent of your London contem porary remarks, this is certainly the tnobt important move that has yet been made in tbe m«.tt,pr of independent German colonisation, and it will doubtless be attended with very fmr reaching resnlta. On Saturday last, (Bays the P. D. Tele gram) wwinted Constable Barron from in forms tiftn received went to Kilci—nmin Sfa&Jaon; *'fl arrested a mn.n on a chance of be(ng of unsound mind. It appears that the mail, who was a stranger there, was found by some of the station hands wandering about in a nnde state, on the run. They hfrri some difficulty in securing him[ and in the first instance he escaped them, when he was being tekpn to *£»-* homestead in a dray. The con stable after some difficulty succeeded in bring ing him into town, and he was brought before and stated that his name was Edward Minor, and that he was a bushman. Dr. Candiottis, who had examined him, was unable to give a definite opinion at that time, and the accused was remanded for eight days. Da. Axxa M. L. Potts, who has lately frp^n. lecturing in Brisbane, will deliver her opening lecture here on Monday evening in tie School of Arts. Her discourses will treat on the strncture and lews of the brain and nerves, the **flTiqfn tmA cure of nervousness, neuralgia, sick headache, and catarrh, tbe effects of alcohol and narcotics, the eye. ear, and tongue, the liver and its disftawfts, tbe care of the skin, &c; Her lectures have been well attended, «'nl as she speaks in a natural and pleasant style they are enterbuning and instructive. WetakethefoUowingevtractfrom theff.JT. Herald of November 20, 1883:-'Mrs Anna M. L. Potts, M. D. , having been requested to re-deliver her lectures, gave the first of the series at tbe Gaiety Theatre last night, under the tide of ' The Human Organisation.' So much interest has been created by Mrs. Doctor Potts' instructive discourses that the entire accommodation at the Theatre was fully taken up by 8 o'clock, at which hour a large number of persons were necessarily refused admit tance. The lecture, furnishing as it did an admirable opportunity for imparting Bonnd listened to throughout with marked attention, broken only by occasioual bursts of hearty applause.' M 'Leak's Comic Opera and Pantomime Company made their first appearance in Rock hampton at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening to a good audience, and produced tbe farcical comedy entitled 'Tbe Strategist,' The piece is one which it would t-e difficult to describe, as it is almost devoid of plot, and its success depends chiefly on the coinical situations with which it certainly abounds. Much of the dialogue is smartly and cleverly written, but there are passages that might be judiciously ^liiriinatwl juj they fnnta.jp expressions and inuendoes that are by no means acceptable. With respect to the acting wt mav say that it was on the whole good. The principal part, that of Jack R a Hedge (the strategist), was under taken by Mr. J. S. Parlatto, a gentleman who has freqnently appeared in Rockhampton before; and Mr. S. D. M'Lean appeared to much advantage as Major Howard. Mr. E. M*Lean, as an inflammatory Irishman, was humourous, and did not over act hiB part. In the ladies' part* Miss Emetine Fox, Miss Kite Franks, and Miss Victoria Mezrick played the respective parts of Nellie Howard, Mrs. Betsy Howard, and Araininta creditably We would again direct the attention of advertising columns that tbe quarterly Regis tration and Revision Court for the electoral districts of Rockhamptoo and Blacksil, and for those portions of the electoral districts of Normanby, Port Curtis, and Leichhardt situated in this police district, will be held on Tuesday, 7th October. In accordance with the Act tbe Registrar has posted notices to those whose names have been marked off, and in tbe case of deaths tbe intiir-ft-tinn* have been forwarded to the last place of residence of the deceased. In some instances the pmnM have been expunged owing to change of residence, and it U pleasing to hear that many who are interested are notifying to Mr. Hill their present abode. There are some, however, who are entitled to a vote, and whose names are not on the rolls, and they will be studying their own interests if they demand their right, which only requires the expenditure of a little time and trouble on their part. The Committee of the School of Arts have to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the following donations to tbe Museum of the institution, recently received, viz.: — Mr. W. A. Boad, platypus (ornitboryncuB paradoxus), Mr. W. N. Jaggard, saw of a saw-fish, bones of an aboriginal ; Mr. John Ross, large carpet snake (morelia variegata) alive ; Mr. U. Jones, spotted beaded snake (diemenia olivacea), commonly called the whip snake; Mr. H. Phil lips, spotted headed snake; Mr. R. Spike, blind snake (typhlopidse) ; Mr. F. M*Coyf water snake ; Mr. C. Norris, ringed water snake ; Master H. Phillips, blind snake (typhlopids); Mr. J. Tait, two king parrots ; Mr. F. Comiey, whampoa pigeon ; Mr. Edgar (Curator Botanical Gardens), white swan ; Mr. J. Holdsworth, block of petrified wood ; Mr. W. Pattison, specimens of Mount Morgan stone ; Mr. Phillips, fossils (Pine Hill) ; Mr. J. Phillips, gold bearing stone from IUack fellows Gully. The Committee will be glad especially specimens of minerals found in the district. A meeting of the Fitzroy Racing Club was held on Thursday evening for the purpose of making arrangements for holding a meeting at Christmas. The chair was occupied by Mr. Chester Master, and there was a good atten dance. Tbe Chairman, in opening the proceed ings, informed the meeting that he had communicated with Mr. W. G. Jackson, the Secretary of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, and that gentleman had definitely informed him it ws» not the intention of tile senior club to hold a midsummer meeting, and he had no doubt that the R.J.C. would willingly give them tbe use of the course. It was, however, intended to form a training coarse, sow it with conch grass, and hurdle sheep on it. He had, however, no donbt the course could be obtained. Mr. John Ruther ford moved that a meeting be held on New Year's Day. The motion was seconded by Mr. Kroning. Mr. F. Comiey considered that Boxing Day would be more suitable, and moved an A.m«*n H m -*n t to that effect. Mr. James Rutherford seconded the amendment, and the latter was carried. The following gentlemen were then appointed office-bearers:— President : Mr. T. Macdonald-Paterson, M.L.A.; VicePresi dents: Messrs. W. K. Higson, M.L.A., and F. Morgan ; Committee ; Messrs. John Rutherford, W. P. Tozer, J. Barry. Theodore Wood, W. R. Drape, Horace Garde, A. Kroning, J A. Collier, and J. Higgins ; Judge: Mr. B. Cribb ; Starter : fc& C. Dillon ; Clerk of the Course : Mr. Thomas Rutherford ; Clerk of the Scales -. Mr. V. C. Brigg ; Secretary : Mr. Chester Master ; Treasurer, Mr. E. J. Finch. The meeting then tft i*mi nn.fo»d . Our (Chronicle) Bondaberg correspondent writes : — ' East Bundaberg has this time, if never before, had a delightful specimen of the amiability of the Mongolia. Two new met three Chinkies, to whom they gave a 'good day' in perfect good faith, uut it cause, took umbrage at the greeting, and tieing three to two showed fight, whilst other Celestials, viewing the combat from afar, came rushing to the scene of the row, yelling \\\lit' demons, on which the two Irishmen thinking discretion the better part of valor, Bed towards East Bundaberg followed by the crowd. Being new-chums, and ignorant of the fact that scores of other Chinamen were witlun hail, the pursued twain continued their pursuers, and would have succeeded but that other Chinkies, aroused by the shouts of their fellow Celestials, put in an appearance at several points in advance thus cutting off their retreat. Then, although b, this time completely winded, the two Irishmen faced about and began to defend themselves in what was really a struggle for life. One, a fine, talL well built, young fellow knocked down three of his assailants, when be was suddenly felled to tbe earth by a blow from a heavy stick across the neck, another blow catching him across the knuckles of tbe left hand, cutting them open, whilst a clod of hard earth bit him on the side of his mouth. Free j to deal with the remaining Irishman, the i Chinkies, now numbering over 40, were about j tu do lib* business, when at least an equal [ number of Kuropeans unexpectedly put in j an appearance ami a row of some magnitude | was about to begin when Mr. Johnstone, our | respected P.M., drove up and stopped the row, and sent for water for treatment of the Irishman who was placed kor* iff rom)*a/, just to the nick of time too, fur the blow on the neck had resulted in apopletic symptoms, and but for such timely treatment tbe man would probably have given up whatever ghost he had left to surrender. Dr. Sugden was then sent for, and Mr. Johnstone h-\d the man lifted into his gig and took him to the nearest hotel ' AIT* well that ends well.' If Mr. Johnstone had *ot come on the scene when he did, there would have been a veritable battle' and lives lost.' Two hundred fats from Fitzroy Vale crossed the Bridge on Monday night for Gladstone, for shipment to Sydney. Mr. Connors is in charge. We understand that Mr. R. T. W. Cave, brother to the claimant of the Hassan Estate, left for the north on Sunday, and will take passage at Cooktown for England by the British-India steamer Chyebassa. It is Mr. Cave's intention to assist his brother in his endeavours to regain the estate. Since our (Gladstone Observer) last issue some nice little nuggets of gold are reported to have been found on Calliope by Mr. Wellby, at Nuggety Gully, in all about 4 ozs., ranging from half an ounce up. The spot where these were found is near to a large gum tree, and is supposed to be a piece of ground overlooked by the keen eye of the miner in days gone by. About this tree tbe ground evidently has been particularly rich with yellow metal, for we have beard that one man, in the good days, obtained no less than 105 ozs., and another found a 35 oz. nugget. The Calliope Flat is now being worked, and payable gold is said to have been found by Messrs. Black and Crosisco ; hitherto this flat could not be worked in consequence of the large body of water to contend with. Many people here have, at various times, expressed an opinion, and perhaps justly too, that there is more gold at Calliope than ever was taken away. It is a pity that some of the reefs cannot be worked by having a company formed. I-' a supplement to the Government Gazette of Tuesday hist it is notified that land sales will be held at the Rockhampton, Gladstone, and St. Lawrence Land Offices on Thursday 14th October. That to be disposed of by Mr. at North Rockhampton, in area from 37 perches to 1 rood 27 perches, at an upset price of £200 per acre ; one lot at Beachton, Curtis Inland 1 acre, at £20 per acre ; and an allot ment of 16 acres situated between Sebatopol Creek and the road from Westwood to Dundee at £3 per acre. The land at Gladstone con sists of ten lotB in Auckland, Barney, Powe, Sutton, and Wood Streets, varying in area from half an acre to an acre and a-half, at £30 per acre ; and that at St. Lawrence of seven allotments to the east of portion 32 and about a mile west of the town, from three acres to nine acres, at £2 per acre. This will be the first hud offered for sale by auction in Rock hampon since the duties of Government auc tioneer was transferred to the Land Commissioner. Perhaps one of the best testimonials as to the excellence of Queensland t* fin ffct in pft-t , and the appreciation in which it is held in the mother- country, is furnished by the fact that tinned meat not the produce of this colony is being sold under a Queensland label in Lon don. A 21b. tin has just been forwarded to us (Couritr) by the Hon. W. Lambert, which purports, as per label, to be ** Queensland mutton, from Darling Downs, Rockhampton. ' The label is ornamented 'with the figure of a bullock, which seems intended to lead the unwary British consumer to suppose that in Queensland — that is, at Rockhampton, on the Darling Downs — fat beeves are slaughtered to produce preserved mutton for foreign con sumption. On opening the ft*nt however, we find it to contain boded mutton, or flesh which has tile taste and odour of mutton, of very fair quality, but rather more scrappy than is turned oat of tinned-meat workB in this colony. Mr. Lambert says that the agents of the Central Queensland Meat Pre serving Company bought two cases of this meat in London and shipped them out to the company to show what kind of competition they were -*n f^yy p tfrin g in England. It is unknown where this meat was really tinned, but an expert makes the guess that it com prises the unsold scraps of some of the Lon don butchers. The case of Skyring r. Smith, beard before the Full Conrt on Wednesday (says the Courier), decided a question of considerable interest to selectors under the Crown Lands Act of 1876. In that case tbe defendant, who was a selector under that Act, made an ar rangement with the plaintiff by which the latter purchased the right to enter upon tbe defendant's selection and cut and take there from what timber he chose, the consideration being the payment to the defendant of £5 and of the annual rent of the selection. It was contended that such an agreement, which was in writing, was a violation of the provi sions of tbe Act, and therefore could not hold good. Tbe court, however, deciding on tbe strict interpretation of tbe statute, held that, inasmuch as clearing was one of the ' improvements *' specified by tbe Act, there was no restriction in this respect upon the selector, who, the Chief Justice said, 'had the right to sweep away tbe whole of Lia timber if be thought fit' Sir Charles seemed to entertain some doubt as to tbe propriety of a selector being allowed to do so, and no doubt the intention of the Legislature has been frustrated in many well -timbered dis tricts, where land has been selected, not for the purposes of settlement, but with the Bole view of making as much money as possible out of the timber. It is quite conceivable, as was pointed out during the argument in the cace mentioned, that a man might fait** up a selec tion at a nominal rental, remove all the timber from it during tbe first year, and then allow it to become forfeited. But this is not by any means the only instance in which a wide divergence has been discovered between what is supposed to be the spirit of our bind laws and their actual words ; but where the wording of a statute expresses a certain mean ing with tolerable distinctness, that meaning must be adopted, whether it is in conformity with the intention of the Legislature which pamed it or not. The Customs collections at this port from the 8th to the 13th instant inclusive were £2559 9s. Gd. We -are informed by Mr. Holdsworth, Traffic Manager, that the line to Alpha- will be opened on Monday, ttnA instant, and that the time-table will be advertised in the coarse of a few days. We understand that Mr. S. Blanchard has resigned his position as a trustee of the Queen's Park Reserve, North Rockhampton, and the only gentleman who now holds office as guardian of this reserve is Mr. EL Hacaree. The Inspector of Mines, Mr. W. Fryar, is now on a visit to Rockhampton, and intends inspecting the goldfields in the district with a view to reporting to the Mines Department. He has already visited tbe Crocodile Diggings, and will probably proceed to CawarraL Mount Wheeler, and New Zealand Gully at the beginning of tbe week. A second consignment of stud sheep (says the Courier), purchased for Queensland at the late Melbourne sales, arrived by the Lyee Moou on Monday, and were transhipped to the G Ian worth to be forwarded to Rockhamp ton. They consist of fifteen rams and four teen ewes, all bred in Tasmania. The ewes and thirteen of the rams are for Messrs. Wbittangham's &!'**«* Downs Station, on the Barcoo, and two rams for Messrs. Cfairuside and Power's Retro run, Leichhardt district. The two last-named were purchased at a very high figure, one being from the stud flock of Messrs. W. Gibson and Son, and the other from Mr. J. D. Toosey's flock. The whole of the sheep are of very high quality, very densely covered up to all the points, and show great length of staple. It will be remembered that when His Honor the Chief Justice was last in Rockhamptoa be found it necessary to make severe anim adversions on the acoustic properties of the Court House, and as the -?MffB that then ^*ma before His Honor were of great importance, in fstnt. involving the question of life or death to the accused, ne went so far aa to order tan to be laid down in the streets adjoining the building, so that himself, the jury, the lawyers at their table and the, representatives of the Press, might be able to hear distinctly what every witness said. On Tuesday morning, in the course of the case Hegima r. Fergu* son. Hjh Honor again adverted to tbe fact that the present Court House is quite nnsnited forthe hearing of importantcaies. He a dangerous Court in which to try people, aa by a want of hearing on the part of the jury, caused by the outside noises, human life might be sacrificed. From what he had beard the projected new Court House would be as bad, and he regretted that it had not been decided to build it on the site that he had suggested to the Commissioner for Works, near the new GaoL A Conrt House, in his opinion, should be in a quiet locality, and if tile new building was erected on the Govern ment Reserve in the middle of the town the money might as well be pat in the Fitzroy. A cDBioos insurance case was heard on the 16tb July in the city of London Court, before Mr. Commissioner Kerr, being mi action brought by Mrs. Cooper, of the Yorkshire Hotel, Philip-lane, city, against the National Provincial Plate Glass Insurance Company, to recover the sum of £50 for damages done to the plate-glass windows of the hotel The case for tile plaintiff was that during the great fire which occurred in Wood- street, in December last, the flames came in dose proximity to the hotel in question, but fortunately did not destroy it. The fire did a certain amount of damage to the roof and upper story, bnt though otherwise the premises were saved, tbe fire ocenring early in the morning caused a great crowd of roughs to assemble, who began shooting and swearing, throwing bricks and sticks, and finally breaking the plate-glass windows. An entrance was thus effected to the hoteL and tbe roughs drank a large quantity of liquor, besides stealing a sum of money. The con tention on tbe part of the plaintiff, therefore, was that tbe windows were not broken by the fire itself, but the mob. and that rendered the company liable for the damage. The plaintiff was called, and said the hotel was not damaged by fire, bnt only by water. For tiie damage, she had received £1500 from the fire insurance company. The defence was that the damage complained of was the direct result of the fire,, and therefore the company were protected by tbe exception clause of the policy. In the result the jury found for tbe plaintiff, damages £36. It will be interesting to our Mount Perry friends (says the Btuuiabert} Mail) and to those who desire to view the progress of this dis trict, to learn that active operations are to commence at the mine in a very short time. They have been partially delayed in con sequence of the action of the Minister for Works in pro-crastinating the construction of necessary sidings. There was no just reason why these should not have been made months ago, but justice does not always prevail with Mr. Miles where political opponents are con cerned. We learn from an undoubted author ity that the non-completion of these necessary adjuncts to our railway system seriously mili tated against the formation of a strong com pany in England ; but it is satisfactory to know that the drawback has not daunted the faith and perseverance of those most intim ately connected with the Mount Perry Mine. Captain Bennett will as soon as practicable get the working underway, and the smelting furnaces will once more gladden the hearts of those who for so long a season have mourned their silence and missed their cheerfnl blaze. During late months much development has been effected, and the lode at the lower levels is rich and clearly denned. It is to be regret ted that with railway facilities, owners of ad joining copper selections do not show some sign of energy, and commence to develop mines as valuable as the old property which for so many years has proved the mainstay of that mining centre. 