The present more than usually un healthy condition of Brisbane has re cently forced itself on public notice, and. called forth the comments of the Press and a strong expression of feeling generally on the subject. It is high time that this question should be seri ously ' considered, and that effectual means Bhould be taken by the Legisla ture to remedy the frightful state of things which has been long suffered to exist among us. It is evident enough that the municipal authorities are not equal to the task of bringing about that thorough sanitary reform which is alone necessary to remedy the evil. The task is, no doubt, a formidable one. Presuming upon the healthfulness of the Australian climate, and. the compa rative immunity from miasmatic dis eases which we enjoyed in the early days of our history, wo have suffered our centre* of population . in Queens land to grow into large towns, or a populous city like Brisbane, without the safeguards that ought to have been interposed by a good Building Act, and without any comprehensive Bystem of main drainage, and subsidiary drainage, and with no effectual provision for the removal of ? re fuse from the houses, yards, and streets of the towns. There can be no question that somebody or bodies, in dividual or corporate, have been highly culpable in this matter, and the result has been a frightful amount of un necessary mortality. Thousands of lives have been lost because we have been negligent of our duty. Again aud again it has been shown that all our largo towns in Queensland, and the capital city in particular, are unhealthy, more so even than many of the much larger towns in England*, although our general average death rate in the colony is much less than in the United Kingdom. In one of the Queens land reports of the RegistrarGene ral it was shown that in .Dublin, Hull, Nottingham, Leicester, 'Wol- verhamnton, Edinburgh. Norwich. Sunderland, and Bristol, tho death rate was lower than in the registry district of Brisbane. Some years since the late-lamented Dr. Challinor intro duced a bill for the regulation of the construction of buildings, which would hare prevented that minute subdivision of land which Imh reduced to a minimum the size of building allotments in our towns. This bill, most unhappily, was defeated, though by a small number of votes, and the fatal evil of cutting town lands up into very small portions, and of the overcrowding of habitations in Brisbane and other large places in the colony has been perpetuated and in creased. Attention has been called periodically during the past eight or nine years to these things, and facts and figures have been quoted from the reports published by Imperial authority, proving to a demonstrntion what great reforms have been effected in England and Wales by the application of tho principles of sanitary scieuce. The re turns iiiitdciulS77 sliowed that the death rate had been reduced by one-eighth or 12 i- per cent. 'during tlio previous twenty years, and that this had been brought' about almost entirely . by the reduction of the death-rate in t*he towns, and that this was attributable to a wise expenditure of money in drainage and other ineans of promoting cleanliness. In the seventeenth century the death rate of London was 80 per thousand ; in the eighteenth it was 50 ; now it is reduced to 22 per thousand, and that greatest of cities is said to be the most healthy of the great cities of tho whole world. This has been brought about by an immense expenditure of money in the establishment of a thorough system of drainage and the efficient carrying out of all the other well known means for securing cleanliness. _ An idea prevails that the climate of Queensland is unfavourable to health, and that the mortality is greater than in the other colonies of Australia. This is a fallacy. Exclusive of the Chinese and Polynesians the death-rate is lower in this colony than in the other colonies of Australia proper. In the last issue of the Victorian Tear Book the death-rates wore given as follows: — 1879 — Victoria, 14'53 ; New South Wales, 14-29 ; South Australia, 14'09. 1S80 — Victoria, 13-70; New South 'Wales, 15-57; South Australia, 1-1-S5. 1S81 — Victoria, 14 1G ; New South Wales, 15-12 ; South Australia, 14-49. In Queensland, exclusive of the coloured races, as seen by our own reports, the death-rates were only 12'GG in 1SS0, and 13'9-i in 1881. In 1879, the rate was 14-G4 in Queensland ; a trifler higher than in the other three colonies ; hut the average death-rate for the three years, it is seen, was considerably in favour of Queens land, exclusive of deaths among Poly nesians. Our general death-rate in Queensland would compare still more favourably with the other colonies named, but for our unusually high birth-rate. Where the proportion of children is great the general death-rate is necessarily raised, as in every country a large proportion of the deaths occur among children under five years of age, whose deaths constitute from -40 to 50 per cent of the whole mortality. It is necessary to bear these facts in mind in forming any correct idea of tho mortality in towns. But for the large number of deaths occurring in our centres of population, Queensland would be one of the healthiest places in the world ; but, while the death-rate of the whole colony, exclusive of aliens, has been so low during the years named, the death-rate in the metropolitan (Brisbane) district, where there are no Polynesians worth con sidering, during the past four years has been as follows :— 1S79, 18-27; 1SS0, 15-26 ; 1881, 1S'S2 ; 1882, 24-03. In the year 1875 the death rate in the municipality of Brisbane amounted to no less thau 35-36 per thousand of the estimated population to the end of the year. The general death rate of the colony in that year was very-, high, amounting to 23'8 per thousand, but the difference is very great, and in the same year the rate in all the other districts, exclusive only of Brisbane, was only 2O-37. This subject will be further considered, showing the means which have been suggested from time to time for remedying the unhealthy condition of our large towns in Queens land. It is satisfactory to know that the colony generally is healthful even beyond that of Australia generally, and that the unhealthy condition of Brisbane and other towns in the colony may be remedied. It is a question only of money, and of the willingness, or courage and energy, of the. Government and Municipal authorities in carrying out the neces sary sanitary works for the complete drainage and effectual water supply of all the large towns in the colony. The work is very great, and no doubt beyoud the power of municipal authorities alone, but thousands of lives may be saved by making this a national under taking, and if it coBt a million of money it would be money well laid out, aud which should be borrowed and expended with the least possible delay. Whsn thd estimates for the Lands Depun - meat * ere before tko Committee of Supply & few wools ago, Mr. Aland, who u not much given to either f icetiousnon or mischievous ? now, ra'.lier slyly asked the Minister for Lands whether & cer. ain ohoTpagne luncheon, which hub supposed to have been given to the officoni in thn lands Depnrtment by the then Minister, the Hon. P Perkinr, but of hU own pocket, had been charged lo Consolidated Bevenuo, and if so, how much it cost ? It was an arrow shot at a venture. It hit a good mark. The occasion of that lunch-on was the opening of a now room. The festivity took place on a Saturday. Special instructions — imperative invitations, if our readers like that term better — were iiBued to all hands in the department. On no account was any officer to be absent. The Min ister was a -.out to make a display of costly generosity on the table). He was also going to make a cheup declaration of hi* ardent love to every man and boy of every g'ude in every branch of the department, although, a» lio a'.linitled, ufter being five years at the he id of the department, ho did not know many of them. Nevertheless, be esteemed them nil, just then, sufficiently to tr.at them all alike. His quinquennium of office was approaching its expiration. He wished to have it renew oil So successful had been th* - erm, »o ' plexant liii intercourse with th-s officers, especially the few whom he knew intimately, and who in thrir turn knew oo -which side their bread was buttered, that he contemplated with revulsion of toul tho possibility of a rupture of their oordial, official, and mutually helpful relations He desired therefore to carry out a happy thought. By the sagacity of an unpre cedontly goneronn and far-seeing Go 'em- inent the officials of the Lands Deportment had been provided with more elbow-room. Ho would pay those ofSciali a palatable com pliment. Ho novor had done to before. Now, the time was favourable The little cloud of fate was rising in the far weit and spreading along the whole route of the proposed transcon tinental railway. Many a big storm has come from the west. Thonco havo proceeded the angry forces of eleotrioity which havo laid low many a giant of tho forest. The pride, the statelinoes, tho strength of the ironbark tree hive been shivored and splintered into unBcomly ruin. Who duro predict that the coming storm might not spend u pitt of its fury on tho tempting heights of Aubiguy, or on tho pastoral lands of tho Loichhardt, or tho rusrgod coast of Port Curtis? Tho prudent man, foreseeing danger, hides himself, or takes other precau tions for safoty. Mr. Perkins took other pre cautions. He had no intention of hiding himself. He did not hide himself umil after the Committee- of Elections and Qualifications had plucked tho peacock feathers out of his cockado His plan was to purchase the safety of himself and party Given a worthy object and a man with means and gonorous spirit, money will then flow frooly for tho accomplishment of tho object. Mr. Per kins believed — honestly, so much credit wo give him —that Sir Thomas, ho, and Mr. More head, were the best of all tho politicians of Queensland to control its affairs, and to guide its destinies. That was the idea that ho wished to mix with tho forcemeat of ducks, geeBo, and turkeys, and to wash down with fizzing liquor. Now, Mr. Perkins has plenty of money in hand, and plenty coming in. He could afford to instil his wish by dainty flesh, by piquatt liquor, and by dulcet flattery. li he so chose, ho was free to do it, even for a political object in a publio building. But Mr. Aland took the gilt off the Hon. Patrick's gingerbread. He, himself, did not pay for the turkey and oham pagno at all. The feed cost the country £41 or £'12. 'ihe electioneering was done at the cost of the taxpayers. We havo sometimes been tempted to give a friendly hint or two to our vorv numerous cor respondents. We are pleased ts havo many correspondents. We wish the public who have ' real grievances affecting public interests to know that they havo a sympathising friend in The Telegraph But we do no: want to be made tho confidant of ptople with personal giiev anees. Once a matter gets into our columns it has not the ghost of a chance of continuing to bo private. The thousands of our oail; readers will prevent that. It is therefore desirable that before a man cits down to write to us he should carefully consider what ho proposes to do and say. !Te should not act impulsively. Ho should not act selfishly. Ho should not act con ceitedly. Space is very- valuable. We have to con sider that We cannot spare space for matters that are even comparatively paltry or personal. This will explain why somecorreBpondentBnever see in print what they havo written and sent to us. Again : correspondents should study con ciseness. Put as much matter as possible into a few words We gave a good sample of this sort of writing on Wednesday last from a wel known doctor in town. Further : correspond ents should have mercy on our Btaff in such trifling matters as spelling, grammatical con struction, and punctuation, las week a man asked us to correot his ' gram mitical pronunciation.' We are sometimes asked by writers who dash off th-ir enlighten ing comments on publio matters to ''lick into shape ' their sl-ivenly productions. Now, that is really their business, not ours j if indeed they are determined to Bee themselves in print Wo do not object to a little trouble with well meaning men who try to Eay something sensible and useful, but who find orthographical and syntactical obstacles insurmountable to their poorly-educated minds. But not a few letters come to us, tho caligraphy of which is excellent, bnt tho punctua ion execrable la punctuation commonly taught in schools ? Of many writers, with a fine flowing hand, some are quite indifferent to the old in junction : ' Mind your stops.' Others ot them don't teem to know the differ ence between a comma and a semi colon; they even put a dot with a tail where a full round period should be. Others again substitute a dash for a full stop. Exces Bire emphasis by underlining is a common fault Newspaper casual correspondents are very fond of dashes. If they saw their letters exactly reproduced as they send them in, they, would bo profoundly astonished and annoyed. 'Xho whole genus seem to think that the compositors know by instinct how to punctuate. It is not the work of compositorB to correot bod punctuation. Their duty is to 'set up' striolly according to ' copy.' To pause in their mechanical work for the purpose of correcting literary errors in copy would mean Iobs o£ wages, for they are all piece-work men. The correcting must be done before the copy goes into their hands, or it must be done after it has passed through their hands, and then be gone over by thorn a second time. Perhaps some of our correspondents will take kindly these few hints. By oo doing they will save us a lot of time. South- Bbisb&nb; Ladies' Bbkevolbnt Socibiy.— Tho report of the fifth annual gene ral meeting of this society is unavoidably held over until to-morrow. Tna Wate Sbpsit— An advertisement appears in to-day's Telegraph calling attention of water consumers to the necessity of being as moderate in their demands on the supply bb pi B-ible during the dry weath- r, as the level of the reservoir is now within a few inches of the lowest p int ever reached ; and although them is no immediate danger of a water famine, it is nevertheless necessary to eonuniiso. Danqbbocs Railway Cbo.sinob. — A sho t time back attention was callod to some dan gerous crossings on the South Brisbane Bail way, and some narrow escapes from collision between omnibuses and engines We are informed that the engine- drivers take evory precaution to avoid accidents at theso crossings, but their difficulty lies in the roc lessness of the driven of vehicles The Commissioner for Railways ha! received information that a few days ago NVi. 35 omnibus (Kliiver's),' on hearing tho whittle of a locomotive, whipped up his horses and drove over tho oroBting in front of tho engine, only just in lime to prevent a collision, »nt this, to our own knowledge, is not the first time this reckless behaviour has been indulged in by omnibus drivers. We would suggest to omuibut drivers that however reckless they may be as to their own lives, they have con sMeration for their helpleis passengers. It may be worth the whiln of omiibu- proprietors to think of the risk their horspi and vehicles ru . in the hands of foolhardy drivers. Blub Bibboh Hbbiino — The second meet ing o( the third seision was held on Saturday last at tho ') emperance Hall, and was a gratid 'Ucceea in every way, although the hall was not a- full ds ueiml The cluirman, Mr. John A. Clark, intimated to tho meeting thut the com mi-ten 'uid roonlved to ongage tho sorvicei of Mr. Arthur Oripwell as gon ral secretary, hiving dulorrninort to commence the work in all the suburbs, and that urrangemente worn being entered ii.to with Meaara. Booth and Grlover. who are now in .Melbourne, wit.li regard to i heir visit to Brisbane '(he tinging and reciiing were rettcr than usual; hoth Mr. Abraham^ and Mr. Phillips sin? with groit elf ct and spirit. Tho Ber. Mr. Downing, of Melbourne, gave a practical addr«-, urging upon all the great powor of pcr- onal effort. A choir under tho leadership of Mr. Cripwoll is being started, and the committee are proouring a good organ for their assistance. At the close many camo forward, signing the cardj and donning the blue. The usual meeting will bo held every Wnturd-iy at the Tomperanoo Hall during tho winter months. 