GOLD; OR THE HEIRESS A1H> THE ORPHANS. BY SELWYN EYBE. CHAPTER XIV. NINA MAKES THE ACQUAINTANCE CHECKERS, OE MISS " Good morning. I a*n 'appy to see you —very." It was a few days later ; the door of Nina Cleland's drawing-room had just been thrown wide open by Janet, and, profiting by the opportunity thus profferred, a flannty-looking girl, smartly dressed, and with a more than average amount of shojry manners, entered the apartment. The flannty-looking girl bent low before Miss Nina Cleland. Miss Nina Cleland, who had been peering out of that first-floor window for the past hour or more, expecting new comers, liad suddenly taken possession of the sofa, and was now Bitting upon it very upright; her hands planted in her lap and her fingers pressed somewhat tightly one within the other. To speak the truth, she was at this particular moment becoming exceedingly nervous. What if the new governess, who had just been ushered in by Janet, should refuse to have anything to do with her, because she—Nina—was so intensely ignorant ! It was only natural that she should do eo. How ashamed the heireBS felt, Nina nodded pleasantly. She did not, however, rise from her seat, for fear of " looking too fainilar." Nathaniel Qoirk had specially warned her to be careful on the present occasion; to preserve the dignity due to her present social position. And Nina did eo. "I am very glad to see yon," Bhe repeated, bnt nervously. "I dare say," and Nina coughed, " yon think I'm rather tall. Sit down, please." The flaunty-looking girl did as she was bid, and begged to know whether " the lady" was yet suited ? " Suited 1 Bless yon—no! She—that?s I, yon understand—hasn't yet had the chance, and I mean to be very pairtik'lar." fe"Of course," and the flannty-looking girl spoke encouragingly. " You're right. And so am I—always." " You're very clever—and very experienced. That's the kind of thing, you know, as it was put in the advertisement.' " Oh, very clever—very clever indeed," came rapidly, and without the ghost of a smile. "And very experienced, you maydepend npon it. I wouldn't have come else.' Nina again coughed nervously. "Very clever," and "very experienced," and by her own confession, too ! Here was the very thing that was wanted. Shouldshe engage the present applicant at once? It would be such a pity to lose Buch an admirable chance. And time, too, was passing. " I know exactly what you want," went on the girl, glancing at Nina, meanwhile, with highly self-complacent air. "You want a thorough lady, in the first place 2" Must be, broke in Nina. " I know. Some one who can instruct you in the habits and manners of good society ?" " Bless yon, that's the very thing 1 exclaimed Nina delightedly. " Show me exactly how to behave,"—and every morsel of dignity now wholly departed from the bearing of the speaker—"in balls, and theatres, and dinner-parties; don't you understand?" The other waved her hand, carelessly and lightly. " Exactly," she said. " I go to balls myself, and parties, and theatres, and no one knows where else, (no one indeed) " every night of my life. Yon could not, in fact, have ' lighted' in the whole of London npon any one more * np' in the ways of fashionable life. What a mercy I thought of coming." " It iB, isn't it?" rejoined Nina naturally; for hereBhe reckoned was indeed a godsend. " And you'll take me to all these balls, and parties, and theatres, won't you ?" A glance partaking largely of perplexity shot for the moment across the other e face. romiee you that I'll never take "you to any Eut the best places, Miss . i think you never told me your name ?" " Miss Chickers," supplied the lady accustomed to fashionable life. " It's pleasant to know the name of one's governess, yon know—isn't it ? Excuse my asking it, won't you, Miss Ch—Chickens ?" "Chickers," suggested the aspirant for the post in question. Again Nina begged to be excused. Her memory really was so bad; untrained, in fact, you see, and all that sort of thing, as somebody in the country had once toldner. But it would be all right, doubtless, when she " got such a governess as Miss Ch ." Miss Chickers once more supplied the missing name. Again Nina became diffuse in her apologies. "The first time, too, you know," she pursued, " in which I have ever had the pleasure of really having a nice talk with a real lady." An epoch in Nina's life, in fact. And then, with the most wonderful amount of frankness, she duly explained everything to Miss Chickers. How that she had been adopted by Guardian Braker; deluged with food; arrayed in gay frocks and ribbonB; and never once taught how to behave properly. As for "edication itself"—and then Kin a tossed her hands upwards significantly; and Miss Chickers declared sympathetically that she quite understood everything. " Poor girl! What a mercy that things hadn't always gone on like that." " Mercy, indeed, Misa Ch ." "Chickers, dear." Nina was delighted. Oh, how glorious to have found such a sympathizing " Tady." She would take her first lesson at oncel Only that primarily she would "engage' „ „ Miss Chickers a& the lady who was to live : with her always in London, and go about with her everywhere. She would even pay Miss Chickers now, if she liked, a month or two beforehand, by way of securing her services; for she, Nina, had " lots and lots" of money by her, and did with it exactly what she liked. Then, without waiting to receive Miss Chickers' thanks, Nina went off at a tangent, and detailed all tbe incidents of her having " come so unexpectedly" into the possession of such wealth. The story proved a long, and apparently interesting one to all parties concerned. Miss Chickers listened delightedly; laughed heartily at tbe recital of this incident and that; applauded old Noah's resolution in having constituted her present companion his heiress. And on the whole, now that she—Chickers—was at hand, and so fully competent to take the lead in every way. thougbt it quite unnecessary that Mrs. Braker should remain in London. The " good old lady's heart was set" upon returning to her country home, dear Miss Cleland said. Why not let her do so at once? And as for the lawyer himself. Miss Chickers, for her own part, detested lawyers; did not, in fact, believe in them; never had done so since one of them some years ago had managed, somehow or other, to fleece " dear papa" of every penny he possessed. And then came a deep sigh, and a solemn uplifting of her eyes to heaven. " So tbat, taking everything into account," she would really rather not see that gentleman. Nina would not, on an;V account, be the means of hurting Miss Cuicker's feelings. No ; Miss Chickers should' be spared such infliction. The lawyer woAld not be there many more days, most certainly, having declared at various times, with a show oi considerable irritation, that, heaven permitting, he would be off the very instant she found some " decent woman who would be able to teach her what was what.'' Thus he explessed himself. "And you can, of course, teach everything?" questioned Nina, naively. " Everything—of course! Could not else —dare not, in fact—attempt to complete tbe education of' " Some one who can't even read or write properly." broke in Nina, her innate love of contradiction, as also her mania for propounding unanswerable queries, again coining to the front. " Tell me what you teach V' asked Nina, as if with considerable hesitation—as if, too, asking a prodigious favour. "You won't mind, will you? Don't, if yon would rather not." "Not at all," answered Miss Chickers, with considerable graciousness. " It's a very natural question. Not, of course, that it is neceBeary to mention everything. But you can take what I leave out for granted." " You play tbe piano, of course f A glance expressive of at once Inspnratioii and enthusiasm, shot athwart Miss CnickerB' face. . "Music! Yes, music was the thing she loved best in life. It was, in faot,_ her_ one peering De . . _ see who it was that had just rang the front doorbell. . . She was not listening in the least to Miss Chickers' self-exordium. " Goodness, gracious me! Oh, what fun!" And then Nina suddenly remembered herself, and assumed a dignified air once more. "I am engaged then?" suggested Miss Chickers. " Yes, yes; of course. That is unless I see anv one that suits me better." " I teach French and German, and Italian and Spanish, and drawing and singing," Misa Chickers spoke breathlessly. Eor some nason best known to herself Bhe had all at once become nervous. "And the guitar," she went on rapidly, " and calisthenics, and l iBtory—ancient and modern, of course—and theology, and philosophy, and astronomy, and mathematics, and all tlie nolits branches oF — __ 11 Don't!" exclaimed Nina, almost convulsively clasping her pretty white hands together, and looking her companion straight in the face. " You've taken away my breath —^nite. Quite, I do declare. Yon are frightening me, too, into the bargain. Stop this instant! And I—£ can't even write my own name decently, and here are all the other governesses coming upBtairs, and what a fool they'll think me. Some of them, perhaps all, are even cleverer than you, if that's possible. _ You're quite sure you can teach me one thing, though, at any rate—to write my own name so that peoule can manage to read it; and in not a day more than three months, too?" Never was a more sensible question propounded on the face of this earth. " A card for you, Miss." And then something—she would not have dared to say what — induced Janet to add, in almost patronising fashion, and in a low voice, so that the other new-comer might not overhear the words. " And the lady, Miss; here she is." Was Janet at that moment prompted by an instinct as infallible as it is ever servantlike? Trust such, we Bay, for ever discerning rightly, ay, and that at once, between the two absolute classes into whi^h mankind is briefly divided, the gentle as also cultured by nature, and those whose spirits boast cultivation only of a rough and ready sort, and, therefore, perchance go through the world less painfully. Yes, Janet could distinguish—only lodginghouse servant though she was—albeit" tlfe same lodging-house pertained to Mrs. Horteboy—the difference in style between this comer and that. She had not served a four or five years' apprenticeship for nothing. " Kachel Ay re," read Nina, after, with tolerable quickness, all things considered, spelling out the name printed on the card handed to her. One small item, by the way, which we had almost forgotten to note—viz., that throughout the course of her interview with Miss Chickers she had never once—why, it does not lie in our power to explain—mentioned the name of poor old Brudee. Life is strange, unquestionably, whether viewed from a country or town point of view. There is little variety in the aspect presented, after all, view matters as we will. Utmost candour and utmost reserve accompany each other tandem fashion, no matter which apparently takes precedence; utmost riches, to speak comparatively, and utmost poverty ride on together, it would ever seem, hand in hand—drive in the same curricle how often, even though we know it not. And thus God apportions alL 