EOME. VISIT OF THE CEOWN PEINCE OF GERMANY TO THE HOLY FATHER. (Tablet, December 22.) An enthusiastic greeting awaited the arrival of the Crown Prince of Germany both at Genoa and at Eome, which last named place he reachad on Monday, at half-past twelve. .King Humbert and a brilliant staff met him at the railway station, and in company with that monarch, the Prince d'Aosta, and the Prince or Naples, be proceeded m an open carriage to the Quirinal. .Here the cheering was even more marked than at the terminus, and the crowd was so great that the line formed by the soldiery was pierced in many places. In the afternoon the distinguished ?party drove to the Pincian, where again they received the cordial greetings of the people. The alliance of Italy and Germany being a well known fact, this welcome of the Kaiser's heir was to have been expected, the great point of interest of the Crown Prince's visit being his mission to the Holy Father, on whom he called on Tuesday afternoon. Driving from tho palace of the Prussian Ambassador to the Holy See in the carriage of that gentleman, Hen* von Schlozer, tho Crown Prince arrived at the Va tican at one p.m. He ..was accom yianicd by Herr von Schlozer and three carriages containing his suite, who, like himself, wore all in full uniform, followed. The Crown Prince was met at the foot of the staircase by the Prefect of Ceremonies, and ascended to the ante-chamber of the Holy Father, preceded by various pontifical officials, and surrounded by the Swiss Guards in their gala uniforms. Arrived at the Sala Clementina, all the principal dignitaries of. the Papal Court came forward to welcome him, and having been received in State by the Maestro di Camera and all tho Prelates of the Camera Seerota, the Pope was informed of his arrival, raid came forward to meet him and accompanied him to his private cabinet, where for an hour the Holy Father remained alone with the heir of tho German Empire. When the conference was over, the members of the suite were presented, and the Prince then returned, the visit of the Cardinal Sec retary, remaining some time in conversation with him. Later accounts of the interview say that as the Pope came forward to meet the Crown Prince? the latter bowed three times. The Holy Father, advancing, embraced him, and said that he was pleased indeed to see him again in Rome, having met him there thirty years before, and just at this time of the year. After the hour's interview was over, we learn that the personal attendants of the Pope state that he looked in excellent spirits and remarkably good humour, and spoke publicly in high terms of eulogiumof the Crown Prince. In tho evening the Holy Father had an unusu ally long conference with the Cardinal Secretary, and we may presume that ques tions affecting Germany and the Church there, were not absent from their consulta tion. A Eeuter's dispatch says that the Crown Prince seemed deeply moved when leaving the pr-esence of the Holy Father. The German visitors then visited the Library, the Sistine Chapel, the Loggie, and subsequently descended by a pri vate way into St. Peter's itself. The press of Europe is full of comments on the visit of tho Crown- Prince to Eome, and especially on his long interview with the Holy Father. Without attaching too much political importance to tin act of graceful courtesy on the part of: the Eaiser's eldest son to the head of the, Christian Church, we are convinced that nothing else but good can be the outcome of the visit, both for Church and State. The troubles of the Church in Germany arc nearing their close, and in securing the friendship of the Holy Father, the Empire has succeeded in effecting an alliance with the most powerful factor in Europe against the visionary schemes of Socialists, or the Christianity-hating of what is known as the Ee volution. The master of many legions has bent in homage before the chief representative of the spiritual forces of the world, and the sight not unnaturally has been as gall and wormwood to those who thought they had broken the power of the Papacy, and buried it for ever beneath the new kingship of Italy. The confident publicists who had never tired of flinging stale sneers at the claims of the Pope, still to be counted the chief of the rulers of men, have received with almost angry incredulity this fresh proof that the Papacy is a living force, and one which Princes will leave out of their reckoning at their peril. It is not we who have sought to give an exaggerated import ance to a most natural incident. The Church of God knows how to wait. We knew from the first that it was only a question of time when the Prussian Chan cellor would grow weary of conflict with a Power which no weapon in his armoury could touch. The forces opposed to him were spiritual and impalpable, aad to hope to break them by State persecution was very like trying to chase away ghosts with artil lery. The meaning of the visit of the Crown Prince of Germany to the Vatican is only this, that Prince Bismarck has learned the lesson which others have learned before him. He has come to see that his war with the Church has resulted in nothing but suffering, and when he looks round at his work he must feel that what he sought for was in vain. He has sown the seeds of discontent all over the land, and done what he could to strain the loyalty of Teutonic Catholicism to the snapping point, but beyond that he has done nothing. The clear-sighted man has seen this, and for five years past has been trying to retrace his steps, and the incident of last week proves that he has nearly succeeded — and that is all. 