ACTA PQPXTLL ?'?;-. By the Flaneub. 'If there should be another flood, ? : ,- For refuge hither fly ; Though all the world should be submerged^ This book would still be dry.' ' Oh tbat my enemy would write a book. That I might carry it on my shoulder, and bind ifc about my head as a crown.' That oentence is not original. It was writton by fche most wonderful of all writers, the prophet Job. Ifc was written ut a time when oven Ms patience gave out before the taunts and artfully worded inoinuations of hio exceedingly good-natured friends, and it wag the mosb bitter and crushing curse that he could heap upon them :— ' Oh that my enemy would write a book.' My enemy (who represents tho gao com pany, onco a quarter) has not written a book, but my Queen has, and I venture to think that ifc ia the very worofc of its kind that ever left a publisher's hands. It ia oven worae (but not much) than Sir 'Enry'a immortal ' Murmurs of the Stream.' In the the firat place tho u English' is enough to make Lindley Murray get out of his grave, and dynamito Windsor Castle into the middle of the 2884th century. We often hear o£ persons being charged with murdering the Queen s .English, but if the English contained in her Majesty's now work, 'More Leaves from ' the' Journal of a Life in the High lands,' is the English alluded too, I am of opinion that anyone who murders it is a public benefactor. This fact alono is enough to act as an extremely wot blanket on tho loyalty of every civilized Briton, and it reminds me of the tale told touching tho very careless performance of a blood-and-thunder drama at a cheup and nasty theatre in London. It appears the second act was dragging wearily along and the otage fixings were oomewhat groggy, when a voice from the goda yelled out, ' Look horo. We doesn't hexpoct good hactin', and wo doesn't hexpocfc good grammar either, but confound it all yer, might jino yor 'flats' together.' So it io with her Majesty as an author. Wo don't expect interest ing themea or brilliant writing, but confound it all England's Queen might uso decent English. As if our humiliation wao not ouffioiontly corn pleto, tho London Times, tho Moening- Post, and several ofchor tufthunting journals devote a few of their ' valuable columns ' to critiques on the new work which are so mondaoiouB and ful« some in thoinselves that they are enough, to rnako a Quaker throw hio mother- in-law down a tanpifc. Starting off with a good lead, the Ananias who runs the Times cays : — 'Nothing ohowo more clearly ? the Queen' 0 longing for the affection of her poople ; and in no way could oho have dono more to gratify thoir warm sympathioa with hor than in tbuo taking them unreservedly into hor confidence.' Judging from this., one would naturally imagine the only people hor Majeaty recognizes are the Scotoh j for a3 a matter of fact the v/holo of 'More Loaves' is Bimply a bald, badly told account of heroelf, the burgoo punishers of the Highlands, a bumptious ghillie, and two measley dogs. Not a single word is mentioned about any of the important items of British history which occurred betv/oen 1862 and 1882, and our gracious Queen apparently took as much interest in the affairs of those parts of her dominions which unfortunately lay outside the Highlands ao the baldheaded ghost of Julius Caeaar/o maiden aunt does about the present unsettled state of affai's in the Soudan, Ao for Ireland, I seriously doubt if our accomplished authoress knows where it is for certainly oho visits ifc about as often as a Tom eat voluntarily goes to sea. Even our own Herald declares, in ita usual scathing way, that the publication of Cl More Leavo&' is 'ill-ad- vised,' and with true old womanly sympathy Gr-anny regrets that her Britannic Majesty couldn't find a more dignified way of exhibiting herself before her subjects than that of bei'g capsot on her head in a snow-drift. As a matter of course, all the 1' fat' of the book is allotted to that darling old duck, John Brown. . Many of us, however, would have been better pleased if her Majesty had not taken us quito so unreservedly into her confidence touch ing this favoured footman as she has done. In othor words, John Brown for breakfast is well enough in its way, but when we get John Brown a la mode, for dinner, John Brown as a haggis for tea, and all that remains of John Brown warmed up for supper, and when John Brown is finally worked up for a ' night cap' as we go to bed, we get a hazy idea that it is just possible to have too much of even such a good thing as John Brown is. Throughout the whole volume there is scarcely one of the 400 brilliant pages that does not positively slop over with gush for John Brown. At one time we read — ' I gave my faithful Brown an oxidised silver biscuit box and some onyx studs. He was greatly pleased with the former, and the tears came to hiB eyes, and he said, 'It is too much/ God knows it is not, for one so devoted and faithful.' John knew full well that he had about as much uee for a biscuit box as he had for a hoop-iron crinolette to plant abaft his bran new kilt, and that he ,would look about, as much at home T ?bohind a set af onyx stads as a billy-goat would ,1 in a. sou-wester hat and a suit of bo- sun's water proof clothing. Therefore, he said, the biscuit ? trough was boo much, and he probably slung the ; lot away in the farthest corner of his boot trunk. .. Then again, when the news of the Prince ,. Imperial's death was known, we are told ' Brown , was so distressed.' What a consolation ifc mus^ ,. have been to the once mistress of all the mighty ,; land of Fsance! .,?.,.? The next time we tumble over Johnnie, wo find ,.; him posturing as a sort of trouserloss knight ... errant, and the style the incident is told would [ remind one forcibly of the severely scholarly style of Lord Macaulay — especially when Mac wasn't ??? .? extra sober. It happenod at .a God- forsaken spot f called Inverlochy, and the gifted authorosa sayo: — 'We sat down on the grass (we three), on ? our plaids, and had luncheon, served by Brown and Francie, and then I sketched. 'The day was most beautiful and calm. Here, however — here, in this complete solitude — wo were spied upon by ',..., impudently-inquisitive reporters, who followed in* r everywhere ; but one in particular (who writeo for some of the Scotch papers) lay down and ?watched with a telescope, and dodged me and Beatrice and Jane Churchill, who were walking : about, and was most impertinent when Brown , went to tell him to move, which Jane horsolf had , thought of doing.' ,.. ' Me and Beatrice and Jane Churchill' is good, ... and it reminds me that I used in my boyhood's days have a, habit of talking about ' mo' and the Ozar of Russia, or whoever the other unimportant cuss might be, until my worthy schoolmaster ;' happened to remark 'that's right, my lad. ; . Whenever you count jackasses always count your ,.. -BilEfirBt.' What a conaummate scoundrel that reporter ? : must have been to wilfully, and maliciously, and of malico aforethought ' dodge.' those three inoffensive ladies. What did they do to deserve : being 'spied upon,' and what death could be : cruel enough to punish fcho blasphemous bleak guard who dared to bo impertinent to John ; Brown ? Blood would probably havo boon shed , on this fearful morn only for tho fact that the reporter was frightened, and Mr. Brown ' wasn't game,' for hor Majesty's writes : — ' Brown came back, saying be thought thoro would have been a fight, for when Brown said quito civilly thafc tho Queen wishod him to move away, ho said ho had rs good a right to remain thero a3 the Queen. To this Brown answered very strongly, upon which the impertinent individual asked did ho know who he was, and Brown answerod that ho did — and that ' tho highest gentleman in England would not dare do what ho did, much less a reporter' — and that he must move on or ho would give him something more. And the man said ' would he dare to say that before fchoso or other men (all reporters) who wore coming up.' And Brown, answerod, ' Yep, ho would, before anybody who did not behave ao he ought.' More strong wordt? woro usod, but tho othorn came up and advised the man to como avrnj ([tiiotly, which he finally did. Such conduct ought to be known.' Right here, howover, there's a bit of a hitch in the gay procossion. The ropoxtor in question was on the staff of a Scotch Conservative journal, and his account of how the battle raged runs thusly. Brown came up in a bullying style, and yelled out ' Gang awa' wi' ye noo, yersel an' yer wee bit 0' glass in a stick, or I'll gie y' th' prent o' ma fut right quickla.' To which tho reporter replied, ' Wha earea for you, y' duddio hash, yer on!a a coort lacquey ; coom oop hore an' I'll nathir kick ye nar bate ye, but I'll brok yer heart wi falls.' And then this impudent fellow hoisted his hands and began dancing about like a flea on a hot plate, but John having more discretion than valor at his disposal just then, ho scooted back, and as her Majesty sketched ho posed up against a Btump as Robert Bruce, or Sawny Bean or some other Scottish hero. ' Such conduct ought to be known.' We next find the irrepressible Mr. Brown at a ball given to the Inverary tenants where ho got ioi'no's mad up by. dancing a reel with Louise, and Beatrice footed it gaily with another gentleman connected with the royal retinue, and who bore the aristocratic name of Smith. Her Majesty bitterly complains of the band engaged because it could not play reels (although it came from Glasgow), and it is pleasing to know that our Sovereign Lady looks with contempt on the waltz and polka. In this, I am. proud to say, ' mo and Victoria ' are of the ssmo opinion. The waltz not only borders on indiscretion, but ifc is positively dangerous to any respectable person's corns, and a man dancing the polka always gives me the idea of a fellow who was wildly endeavor ing to shake a shilling down into hia boots through a whole in his braeches pocket. Therefore, I am pleased to agree with the opinion of my gracious Sovereign. This Inverary ahivoo was a bib of a 'frost' in its- way, but luckily John Brown came to the rescue once more, and his artistic rendering of the lovely old Scotch anthem entitled ftHey Didhul Didhul Thecat Anthef Hidul' onablod the Queen to survive the night's amuse ment. One thing that strikes mo as being a rather peculiar feature of life in tho Highlands is the very liberal style in which tho simple-minded peasantry sling that Olympian nectar, which to tho natives is known by the namo of ' whusky.' With tho solitary exception of Mr. Brown, I think whuaky is as honourably mentioned as any other subjoct in the Queen's journal, As a rule, tho Scotch do not drink so often as the English, but they drink a great deal moro when they sot about it. And when a Scotchman drinks he talks, and when a select congregation of ' Heo landero' goto together, and tho whusky begins to circumambulate, neither Demosthenes nor ov.on Dan O'Connor could begin to talk with Scotia's sona, and a boiler factory is a deaf and dumb asylum compared with the row that comos from tho room in which tho revellers are assembled. This, howovor, is no!; in her Majesty's book, but it's just as -truo as if it was. The first fright ful example in tho whisky way that wo come to is a party by fcho name of Smith. Smith, it appears, was the Royal coaches, and on tho occa sion of tho 'capsot' which ahocked our old Granny so much tho Queen says he appearod to bo ' quite confused,' but Mr. Brown's opinion was that Smith was ' as droonk an Dawvid'o sow,' and was endeavouring to nfceer the hovsao to the moon, which he ovvoro was the lamp in front of ' auld Doonald E/faophairson'a pooblic hooso.' At the burial of John Brown's father hor Majesty and all tho company indulgod in whisky and v/ator, and the Queen thoughtfu ly consoled the family by remarking thafc John looked very manly in his kilt and they hud a lovely day for the funeral. At tho opening of her Majesty's Highland home, the Glaesali; Ghiol, Mr. Brown made himsolf as sociable and aa much I at home a3 a slauj'hter-houao cror/ on top of a dead horse, and after battering holes in tho floor dancing fcho firafc roe], ho begged tho Queen would surround come water wonkoncd whisky and drink to tho ' fire kindling.' Just aboufc this time a oort of baby mania eet in nmonget the ladies of the district, and her Majoaty attended several christenings, at the end of which ' wo all drank the mother's health in whisky.' This end of tho story reminds mo of. a friend named Johnson who wont up to Cooktown during tho ' rush,' and started off to keep a diary of hio doings. Ho kopt his enfrieo well written up for one consecutive day and they ran in this wise : — Monday, 6 a.m. Awfully dry. Had a long whisky. ct 8 a.m. Had 3 whiskies to got up an appetite for breakfast. ' 9 a.m. Had 3 more whiekies to keep my breakfast down. ' 11 a.m. Won 6 games of billiards. Whisky every time. ' 12 a.m. Took 4 whiskies to prepare for dinner. Mad a pint of whisky at table. ' 2 p.m. Took a stiff whisky and lay down to sleep. All tho reat of Johnson's diary could be Bummed up in the one word — Chaoa. Amongst a perfect tornado of exciting events recorded after r,his I may mention that the Queen ' met some very pretty gentlemen's cottages at Balmoral' but she fails to state upon what points she judges whether gentlemen aro protty or not. It our talented lady wishod to toll us the cottages woro pretty, cho might have said ifc in a very much plainer and less ambiguous stylo. After this the Eoyal party visited Holyvood Palace, and were shown through the rooms of Darnley and Queen Mary and the picture-gallery containing tho portraits of all the Scottish Kings who reigned Bince the death of the first Pharoah. Brown we are told was ' much interested by all he saw,' but I believe he didn't think much cf the Caledonian Monarchs, simply con tenting himself by remarking that judging from the style of their beards and hair they must have suffered very much in olden times from the wane of good, reliable, sober barbers Tho keeper also pointed out the room Avhoro Mary and Rizzio woro enjoying their little bit of gossip and pint of beer for supper one night when Darnley and a few friends eiime in and told Bizzio he ought to be ashamed of himsolf, and ho'd better skip the premises. In all probability Eizzio's life would have been spared, bufc he was an Italian, and as it was strongly suspected he was the pavfc proprietor of a hurdy gui'dy and a wall-eyed monkey, Darnlcy's chums dragged the foreigner across the audience chamber and plugged him with their daggers at every step they took. Another memorable visit was that paid to the monument; erected to the momory of Bonnio Prince Charlie at Loch Shiel, and jusb here the Queen slips up a trifle by paying a graceful tributo to the grand old Maedonald clan ; her Majesty being evidently totally unaware of tho deBpicablo treachery with which her predecessor, the Good King William of glorious memory, treated those brave heroes. In case thero aro any a Moro Leaves' to spare, our eccentric diary-keeper might make a note of this lot. King Boyne Water Bill was on the fchvono of England, and King Jamie was skedaddling about from ono place to another, bufc all this tuno the High, lander?, being Catholics, and staunch soldiers too, used to pepper the King's troops day after day? until at last William's patieneo being pumped out, ho iasued a proclamation ordering all tho chiefs of tho clans to svroav allegiance to him on a cer tain dato or their peoplo would bo wiped off tho face of tho earth inatanter. All the chiefs oboyed but old Maccionald, who delayed his viait, until the day before tho appointed time. And being blocked by a snowstorm then, he was dolayed sovoral dayo ; but tho sheriff nevertheless received his plodge. Meanwhile, however, tho good King William despatched his avenging troops to make things lively for tho Macdonalds of Glencoo. Tho troops arrived ; wore hospitably received ; and lived for a turn on the kindly cheer of the brave, gonorous-hsartod Macdonalds. Ono night, howevor, they suddenly turnod out, and burst; on tho defenceless peoplo like bo many half-Btarvod tigers. Old and young, from tho tottering grey-haired man to tho prat tling littlo babe at the mother's broaofc, woro shot down liko dogs, and tho cabinB of tho clan burnt to the ground. Thirty-eight of the Mucdonalds were murdered outright., and tho balanco wore frozen to death on tho hills. Thai was fcho ntylo of coercion that was mado popular during the romabout days of hor Majcatj'n predecessor, the immortal ' King William oC glorious memory.'3 Amongst fcho mas3 of utterly inane statomonts recorded in 'Mora Loavos' there is ono remark which stinds out with all tho undesirable promi minonco of a watt on a bride's nose, and it is this. Speaking of hor visit to Inverlochy, tho Quoen writes : — ? ' I feel a sort of reverence in going over these scenes in this most beautiful country, which I am proud to cull my ov/n, where fcheva was such do votcd loyalty to tho family of ray ancestors — for Slmiiit blood in in my voina, and I am now thoir representative.' This is a bombshell for our Orango friends indeed, and it is therefore small wonder that they aro howling mad already over tho startling declara tion. Commenting on it, a rather disgusted homo writer says : — fC Considering that only a short; time n«o we were informed on high Orango authority that tho Orange faction were loyal to tho Quoon because she was descended- from Kinp William, wo sup pose that the natural result of this frank account of her ancestry from the lady horse!!:' will be the performance by tho brethren afc long last of their old threat; to kick her crown into tho Boyno.' That's rough talk indeed, bufc is just as natural for the dingo and the lamb to enter into a friendly partnership, as it is for Orangemen to quietly submit to tho rule of a sovereign who actually boasts of having fcho blood of tho Papist Stuarts in her veins, and who proudly and publicly declares she is now tho true representative of the Stuarts. ITo wonder the Herald whine3 that tho publication of ' More Leaves ' was ' ill-advised,' and we now call upon our loyal Orango friends to run to their Boyno-Wator Lodges ; flop down on their knees, and pray to tho great King William, to intermit tho plague that needs must light on the apostasy of England's Q,ncon — Victoria. 