DR. MOORHOUSE UON THE BALVATION ARMY. I MUST say to you a few words about a spiritual organization which is working vigorously in our midst, and which, by the tremnendous power of its enthusiasm, is sure to affect all our work for good or ill. The Salvation Army has, I think, a special mission. Its avowed object is a very large one-to make every man love God. Practically, how ever, its labor is confined almost ex clusively to the lowest classes in our cities and places of considerable popula tion. All its methods of appeal are shaped with a view to reaching those classes, winning their interests, and bringing them into the kingdom of God. I cannot believe that its re ligious patios, its military ritualism, its noise and disconcerting familiarity can ever be made tolerable to men of thought culture and largely developed religious reverence. If I had to judge this move ment by its adaptation to any classes but to those" who are lowest in culture and intelligence, I would pronounce it a huge mistake, and say it was destined to disastrous failure. But I do not judge it thus. I. look upon it as an effort to win classes which the Chris tian churches have not won. And so considered, it must be judged very dif ferently ; its means must be estimated with reference to the object which they are intended to attain. And now I must say of the Salvation Army, in the first place, that I believe it to be inspired by the noblest impulse which can direct human energies-by the desire to make sinful- men love and follow. Christ.. (Applause.) I see in its leading minis ters and agents a holy self.denying enthusiasm, which, on the large scale, is nowhere equalled at the present time. When I read of the bold assaults which they make on the very strongholds of vice in this city-of delicate women risking insult and braving disease that they may" rescue their fallen sisters from the grasp of loathsome vice and reckless violence-I feel my heart go out to them in love and admiration. (Applause.) They are God's children. They are Christ's people. If the Master were here, I am sure He would own them and honor them, and set them above me. If they don't shame all of us into more earnest self-denying efforts to fight the great foes of Christ and 1 humanity, it must be because our hearts are cold, and we have lost the glow of our first love. Again, I must say that in reading their book of doctrine and discipline I have been very much struck t by the sanctified common sense which to a very large extent leavens its teach- 1 ing. It is old-fashioned Evangelical Christianity, with a few of its excel lencies, and also with some of what I should call its objectionable features left 1 out. The firmness and fulness with which it insi-ts upon holiness of heart and life are most cheering. Actinomi ani:m as a doctrine is, I should say, impossible in the Salvation Army. It is refreshing to see with what ttenchent common sense Mr. Booth demolishes the idea that a man can be living a two fold life-the one perfectly holy and the 1 other utterly fleshly. It was also some what of a surpri-e to me t) find that this authoritative book repudiates the doctrine of sinless perfection. It is true that we still find in it the claim of "entire sanctification," not only as an aim, but as a realised fact. But when we come to ask o hat is meant by " entire sanctification," we find a mean in attached to the words which is dif ferent from that which they naturally convey. It is a kind of sanctification we are told, which admits of growth, and which answers to the pulling of weeds in a garden, in order that the more profitable plants therein may make better and more fruitful growth. There is, of course, a great deal of confusion in this representation. The great weed is selfishness-the good plant is love. Selfishoess cannot be entirely plucked up while love is yet imperfect ; for the only thing which hinders the perfection of love is the presence of selfishness. We must be prepared, however, in a popular movement 'lik?'this for some confusion of thought and expression. If the Army Manuel would only adopt some less misleading words than "'entire sanctification " to describe its meaning there would be little to quarrel with upon this point. But I fear the kind of people for whom the book is written will not earily distinguish between the "sinless perfection," which it condemns, and the "entire sanctification," which it affirhs?. There are again some ex cellent practical directions in the book for the conduct of mission services amongst the poor. What can be better than the remindei~ that "anything will be pardoned by the mob rather than dulness ?" Or what better directions could be given for the avoidance of dol ness than these :-" Short, sharp sp'eak ing, full of facts and illneustrations." "Plenty of lively, sharp singing to plaintive or merry tunes-song tunes for preference." "Plenty of music. Music -always means:life: and' interest, and never loses its charm." "Never practise or allow tomfoolery." Might not some. of our rubric worshippers study with advantage such directions as these whien laying their plans to get hold of the less educated classes ? (Continued applause.) Nothing, to my mind, can be better than our ordinary services, judicially shortened and varied, for people of education and reverent character. But these services are entirely out of place when an effort is made to get at the rougher classes of our alienated, home heathen. ('Hear, hear.)- 'Usie Ythe chiurch's services at the times appointed for them, by all means. But what is to prevent any of us from having short, sharp speak ing, lively . einging, and plenty of music at mission services, out of the ordinary hours? (Cheers.) There is full liberty of prophesying for the clergy, full liberty of singing for the people, and if anyone should think him self restricted as to prayers by the clergyman's promise that "in public prayer and administration of the sacra ments he will use the form in the said book prescribed and none other, except so far as shall be ordered by lawful authority." I shall be glad to authorise suitable prayers to be said out of canonical hours, as far as I may. Of course, there is much in this book of the Salvtion Army of which no English churchman can: approve. IThere is a great deal of narrow asceticism. There is a contempt for the results of honest and reverent thought which is nothing less than amazing. Unless I had read it, I would not have believed that an intelligent man could have advised his officers never to read the newspapers or anything connected with secular and religious literature, but to confine them selves to the study of the Bible, the Salvation Hymn Book, the general orders of the army, and the War Cry. (Continued laughter.) Again, what can anyone experience but sorrow and recoil at such suggestions as the following, in respect to bills and posters. After the recommendation of glaring colors, and so forth, it is suggested " they can be carried about on an umbrella, on a man's hat, round his person like a church bell, with his head out at the top and his feet out at the bottom (laughter)-or in ten thousand different forms." And then, after these precious suggestions, it is added, to stir the imagination and stimulate ingenuity, "Invent for yourselves." (Laughter.) Could the man who wrote those words have had in his mind his own excellent rule, "There must be nothing which would not be in perfect harmony with the feelings of Jesus Christ, if He were present with you in the flesh." Can anyone imagine Jesus Christ sending His apostles through Jerusalem so bedizened, or tolerating the kind of testimonies and scenes of uproar which are permitted, and even encouraged, at many meetings of the army ? That is just what repels me. I can make great allowances when I remember the mental inertness, the rude vulgarity, the gross animalism of the classes principally addressed. But I cannot believe that much which is done at army meetings is "in agreement with the feelings of Jesus Christ;" and I grieve to see noble men and women, whom I love and admire for their work's sake, con descending to such unworthy vulgarities for any cause whatever. I fear that instead of lifting what they call "the mob " to Jesus Christ's level, they will in time let the mob pull them down to its own. One thing more I must say has astonished and pained me in the doctrine of the Salvation Army the manner in which it deals with the sacraments of the Christian Church. Scanty enough surely is the ritual which our Lord appointed, and how those whose proceedings are throughout so ritualistic can treat their Master's appointment in this particular with such contemptuous disregard I am unable to conceive. The question is asked in the manuel, "Does the army consider baptism as a duty which must be performed 7" And the answer is, "Decidedly not." But who was it then who said, " Go into all the world and make disciples of all nations, baptising them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and teaching them to ob serve all things whatsoever I have com manded you I" Jesus Christ says, make men disciples by baptising and by teaching. The army says teaching is enough, baptising is not necessary. The quibbling interpretations by which the manuel seeks to evade this dilemma show, I fear, something worse than ignorance. The question is asked, " Was not baptism by water a common rite among the early Christians I" And the almost incredible reply is given, "Yes; and so was circumcision, shav ing the head, washing the feet of the saints, and many other Jewish cere monies." Surely the thought must have suggested itself to the composer of this outrageous sentence-" Did Jesus Christ command His Apostles to make disciples of all men by circum cising them or shaving their heads I" Nay, were not the Gentiles forbidden to practise circumcision by the same Apostle, who declares "all we, wholare baptised into Jesus Christ, were bap tised into His death," and again, " As many of you as were baptised into Christ did put on Christ ?" Such dis ingenuous trifling is simply amazing. Even worse and more inexcusable is the slip-shod sentence which answers the question, "What is the teaching of the army on the subject of the Lord's Supper 9" "When such an ordinance," replies this astounding teacher, "is helpful to the faith of our soldiers we recommend its adoption." So that everyone is to judge for himself whether he will obey the Lord's plain commagd, "Do this in remembrance of Me," and also whether he will seek that great gift which is covered by the words, "This is My body; this is My blood." How could a man like Mr. Booth, one naturally exclaims, give utterance to such foolish and pernicious directions as these I We may be quite sure that mistakes of such gravity de note some great oversight, some lamentable omission of essential truth. And that I believe is the fact in the present case. In answering the ques tion, "What did our Saviour do for us I" the :Army Manuel replies-(1.) He made known his father's will. (2.) He set forth a perfect examplefor our meditation. (3.) He made an atone ment for our sins by his death. Thus Jesus Christ's connection with us would seem to cease with His death. Not one word is said about that vital union with Christ which follows belief, or about our continual communion in His life, and all which follows from this. The Divine life in a man's soul seems to be conceived of as an independant gift of God. It is not once hinted that the Holy Spirit only gives to us what Christ has gained and stored up for us in His new humanity. And yet the New Testament, and especially the Epistles of St. Paul, are full of this. A man is a Christian because he is '"in Christ ;" because he is related to Him as a branch to the vine, or as a member of the body to the head; so that, except a man "eat the flesh of Christ and drink His blood," he has no life in him. This essential truth the Army Mlanuel drops out of its system-a cir cumstance all the more remarkable because it has so close a connection and affinity with another truth on which the Manuel delights to expatiate-the personal sanctification of the believer. The result is twofold-(1) a mechanical doctrine of Atonement, and (2) a mechanical, or at least unexplained, doctrine of the Holy Spirit, I believe that all the army's offensively material istic talk about "blood and fire" is caused by this fatal omission. No one, of course, can deny that St. Paul con tinually speaks of Christ's death as a sacrifice for the sins of the world. But in what sense? Does any spiritual Christian believe that there was some magical charm in the mere bodily accident of Christ's death, or that in any literal sense Christ's blood will be sprinkled on his conscience? If not, then it may be asked why so much stress is laid in Scriptures on the blood and death of Christ ? First, because it was by His death that Christ completed that sacrifice of His own will to God's which was required in the representa tive of sinful humanity, secondly, be cause He could only prepare for us that new life which He came to bestow by passing through death. Before our whole humanity can be effectively sanctified, the life of Jesus, consecrated for us in His own person, must pass really, however mystically, into the several individuals who compose the race. Now, Christ's death was simply the most critical and decisive step to wards that consummation. That step taken, all the rest must surely follow. From death He would pass to life again through the resurrection; after the resurrection He would go from earth to heaven; that, becoming wholly "in spirited," He might shed forth the glorious gift of Pentecost. Each of these events was a decisive step in the grand procession by which the Christ without passed on to the Christ within -by which the Babe of Bethlehem passed on through the streets of Nazareth, and the ways of Galilee, and the courts of the Temple, and the Gar. den of Agony, and the pains of death, and the kingdom of the shades, and the golden streets of a recovered Paradise, into the destined sanctuary of the human soul to purge it and sanctify it for God. (Applause.) Each of these was a step ; but the critical, the decisive step, that which ended the period of trial, and insured all the rest, was the awful blessed death on Calvary. Just, then, as the martyr's death is said to buy all the political and religious re sults thereof, so is the death, the cross, the blood of Jesus declared to be the means of our redemption and atone ment with God on the one side, and of our sanctification on the other. Now, that is what the army has never seen. And hence its vague, aimless, and sometimes irreverent talk about blood and its efficacy. Hence, too, its pre vailing idea that the office of Christ is confined to the giving of pardon, and that after conversion the soul is com mitted to the ministry of the Holy Spirit, considered as an independent source of grace. Hence the loss of that feeling (the deepest and most fruitful of any in the Apostolic Church) that at every instant the soul is in living union with the living Redeemer; and that it is in Him and frbm Him that the Spirit ministers to us the gifts and graces of the new life. And hence, also, that disdainful depreciation which we deplore of the signs of all this in the sacraments appointed by our Lord to be of perpetual and universal obser vace. Like two great pillars set at the entrance of the Divine Temple of Truth stand the two Christian sacraments in the New Testament, and upon them severally are these two inscriptions, " The life of God begins by union with Christ," and "The life of God continues and grows by maintaining our union with Christ. (Applause.) If then, the fact itself of this vital union be ignored, what wonder that the signs and means of it are depreciated ? You will see that I have here marked a grave deficiency in the doctrinal system of the Salvation Army. It is right for our own warning and instruction that we should note it. Otherwise we might suffer our people to fall into views which mutilate the fair system of Christian truth, and into ways which may lead to the perilous neglect of plain Christian duties. But do not think that I have made these observa tions in the spirit of antagonism. Very readily do I admit that it would be very difficult to find a Christian church which is not obnoxious to criticism; and even more readily that our own comparative coldness, formality and want of elasticity are ashamed by the enthusiasm and practical resources of theSalvation Army. (Cheers.) The men of I it must needs love for their love of Christ, and for their valiant and devoted self sacrifice. Not the less, however, yea, rather all the more, is it necessary to notice any capital defects in a new system; for nothing is more dangerous than to let the goodness of a man cover the defects of his doctrine. I am not even without hope, so evident is the honest intention, so marked is the good sense of the compiler or com pilers of the Army Manuel, that some of the errors which I have pointed out may be amended, and a grand effort of Christian love be made all the grander and more powerful, all the more secure and more useful by conforming more closely to the mind of Christ. In Georgia 93 counties, and in England 1000 private estates and villages, are pro hibited selling drink. King Soloman says"There is nothing new under the sun" but it certainly was some thing very "new " to some of those who were present in the Brunswick Court on Wednesday last, and who there heard a venerable member of " the great unpaid," say that the previous convictions of a prisoner had nothing whatever to do with the punishment to be awarded to that prisoner for an offence of which he had just been convicted. The question may be asked " what next ?" The Geelong Advertiser, referring to the operation performed at Edinburgh upon Mr. Ernest MIorrison, in consequence of injuries received at the hands of the blacks in New Guinea, says:--"On reaching Edinburgh his lameness and general illness increasing, he put himself under Professor Chiene, the eminent surgeon. After watch ing the case for six weeks, he diagnosed that there was a foreign body somewhere in the abdomen that caused all the trouble. Professor Joseph Bell concurred in this opinion. An operation was most skilfully performed by Professor Chiene, on the 1st July, who found, firmly embedded in the muscular tissue above the groin, the head of the spear, which had broken off and in sinuated itself between the muscles to the place where it was found. It was nearly 3in. long, with a sharp point, and as thick as a man's finger. He operated three quarters of an hour. The surgeon was much pleased with his success, got the splinter lithographed, and published an account of the whole case in the Edin burgh Medical Journal of the let August. Thanks to a robust constitution and the great skill of the surgeon, Mr. Morrison made a splendid recovery, and by the last accounts he was able to leave his bed and move about his room, and expected shortly to be in his old form once more." 