J24000 damages for not having a lamp aiigkt ! Such is the verdict of the jury in the case of | Belisario v. the Commissioner of Railways. In j consequence of some neglect at the South Creek Station the lamp placed at the embankment there was not lighted one evening : and when the train arrived the plaintiff, who was a passenger, left the platform, missed the track, tell down the embankment, and broke both his knee-caps, rend-jriugl him a, cripple for life, 3?or this ne glect the Government, or rather the country, will have to pay .£4000, besides all law costs. The plaintiff claimed a great deal more, but the verdict of the jary is not likely to be disturbed j and, considering the salary and prospects of the plaintiff at the time, and that he is permanently incapacitated from following his business, it is not excessive. There wai, in truth, no defence set up, and consequently this enormous sum will have to be lopped off the railway profits for the year. A few more such ' accidents ' will make the accounts very unsatisfactory. As we have before said,-it woald be interesting and instruc tive to have a return showing how much tne country pays ? annually as compeniaLion for injuries to piisseagers by rail a-ndiram occasioned by the carelessness or blundering oi the officials. Among other interesting facts which the orating ? as our American cousins would term it — it the Mudgee banquet gave farther con firmation of, was, that U Mudgee is particularly proud of its representative, Mr. Tajior, that gen tleman is equally proud of himself. Mr. D. Cousin, who proposed c&e; toasc which a&'orded Mr. Taylor an opportunity for adding his contribution to the eloquence ot the. occasion, was, indeed, somewhat ambiguous in his allusions to the merits of the latter; and, though moved by something of the prophetic spirit', did not venture beyond the tolerably safe i assertion that the objectof his eulogy was' a young j man who was possessed of such ability that his j future could not be foretold.' Sir John Bobei-teon, ! whom in due course the remarks of Mr. Cassin had brought to his legs, did not, however, deal out compliment to his ' young colleagne' in any half-and-half style ; but with characteristic en thusiasm described him as 'one of the moet &ccomDlished; speakers in the country.' Acuord ing:y, encouraged by the encomiums of his venerable friend, Mr. Taylor essayed a rather bolder rhetorical flight than usual, and projected his imagination on t^e 'coming race.'* The men of the present day might misunderstand his motives ; but feeling assured that he was in advance of his time, he looked 'to future generations to justiry him.' ' My friend,' said j Voltaire to the poet who wrote an ode to posterity, ' it 'will never reach its address.' It is to be regretted that so much of nnplea B&ntness; should have arisen, and, unfortunately hare continued, in connection with the Marian and Beach contest. The backers of the Austra lian champion may possibly have the Bincerest desire to do what, in sporting 6lang, is termed the 'square thing;' but the fact cannot be denied that they have managed to create in many quarters a strong suspicion of a very different feind ; a suspicion which Mr. Deeble's explanation will assuredly fail to remove. Waving the question, however, as -to the generosity, or even common justice displayed in their advice to Beach to stand strictly to the letter of his rights, and 1 decline to try conclusions again with the Cana dian till he would be compelled to do so, the pre sent remarks may be confined to the latest phase which the matter has assumed. The public were gladtolearnthatanarrangementhadbeenentered '' into for a match betw.een the two men in the be ginningf of next May. Meanwhile it was under- i stood that, with the full consent of all parties ' concerned, Haitian might, if he chose, fill up the interim by encountering any other aspirant to aquatic honours. In plain wsrds, every induce ment was held out to him to accept the cbailenge of Clifford ; the suggestion to that effect as will be remembered, being originally urged most etrongly indeed by Beach's friends. Yet, stxange to say, no sooner is it accepted than it is made the pretext for breaking the agreement which they had previously made. This game of fast and loose may be very clever in its way ; but, to say the least of it, it eeems somewhat shuffling and not a little shady. The fabled sword of Bamoclea was hardly a more terrib e menace of doom than that which a portion of hio subjects still appear to launch at the sacred head of the Enssian Czar. Move where he will throughout Li-, wide dominions the grim Bhadow of the Nihilist is thrown across his path. It follows him everywhere ; ev«n the seclu sion of his palace affording no guarantee against the presence of that dreaded spectre, from time to time recorta are circulated that the ghost has ; been effectually laid ; but it starts up again, and j apparently in the same formidable and ubiquitous j shape as ever. In the uncompromising altitude of the man who is thus threatened, there is much to command admiration as well as to extort pity from every generous breast, however strong may be its hatred of the despotic system which ? he symbolises. To bear the strain which, since he ascended the throne, the constant risk of murder has subjected him to, certainly needs some'- ! thing of heroic courage, albeit that it is partly the courage of despair. How great the danger is, which he has to confront is strikingly illus trated by the accounts to hand of his recent visit to the Polish capital. He drove through the streets, we are told, accompanied by the Empress, is an open carriage, and without any escort ; the acclamations of the inhabitants Rreetirg the j illustrious pair. But, ominous fact, the arrest of I 1000 euepects are one of the conditions, under which, daring the stay of their Imperial Majee- i ties, loyally is demonstrated and 'order reigns at Warsaw/' j ftobftery at Sir JoBbo Its»Sseri:so«'s. Thomas Smith and Charles Holmes, both about 17 i years of age, were charged before Mr. Leopold Yater, D.S.B1., in the Water Police Court yetterday wii.u having broken into and entered the dwelling of Sir John itobeneon at Watson's Bay, and with having stolen therefrom a gold bracelet valued at .£25. Constable White said that at about 1.30 p.m. on Thursday, he saw tho two prisoners , roaning along the cliffs between Watson 'e Bay and j Sydney. In corusegnence of information received, he ' arrested both of them. Smith had the bracelet is bis I possession. When changed with the offeuce, Smith I said th*t hie mate went into the bouse and brought oat the bracelet.. and afterwards gave it to him. Holmes, in reply, said, 'It's a lair bowl oat.' The bracelet has since been identified by Lady Boberteon aa her property. Mary Boneer, a ooofc in Sir John Robertson'-* «mplovjnqnt, *»id that atabont 1.10 p.m. Thursday she w«nt into Lady Bobertson's room, and found a bracelet caae open Mid empty on the dressing table. Tbe window of the room m : open. Bhe recollected seeing the two prisoner* walking op and down the road in front of the'hdnw P°fc b«fpr« ina after ehe mieied tbe ? bracelet. Fanny Edwards «aid that at about 1 p,m. on Thursday she was pawing Sir John Robertson'* rh0W». She aa* tbe prisoner Holmes faaif way tbrbngh tbe bedroom window, and:, Smith «u ctanaing at' the window - on the lookout. . Bh» went ronnd to tbe cook and told her what she had seen, and then re tamed tctfce ferat pf tbe homw, bat bo* men had gone. Both jpriaonm* were com mitted for trial. ? . ? The case of Mr*, tfrabeiLwiiowM sent to the jfenerfijfpt Awlw* by Mr, *, /fc Atoptt, S.M., town that &m; ooromandMit at 0ub »r«Mi,^tfr,3?rwnlin, themKlv«*in the pm,wM . «¥*? WfmMtmtnmMA* i Coi-Iwrwppprfc, A* wa» rMept^r mtmtfonM fa the j 