VANE TRESHA.M. A STORY OF METMEPSYCHOSI3. CHAPTER I. Br HERON SHAW. I do not for a moment expect that any one will believe this story; the Anglo- Saxon race is credulous to a degree, and probably second only to the Germanic and the Celtic in its love of the weird and mysterious, but the credulity of your average Englishman is more particularly of that character which believes implicitly in the wild and improbable in travel, and smiles dnbiously at the narration of experiences which pass beyond mortal ken and are unexplainable by any known law of nature. Set him down to a good dish of " moving accidents by flood and field, of hairbreadth 'scapes, and travellers' histories (wherein of antres vast and deserts idle, rough quarries, rocks, and hills, whose heads touch Heaven it is their hint to speak);" bid him to a substantial repast of impossible adventures in impossible lands, and flavour it all with a dosing of downright barefaced " Munchausenisms" and see how greedily he will devour the spicy concoction. So with his leaning to a love of the weird and mysterious : Tell him a good old-fashioned ghost story, a plain, unvarnished tale of Sheeted spectre appearing by your bedside at midnight, and warning you of some dimly foreshadowed danger—this, though strange, he will admit is possibly true. He will respect your family ghoBt, and probably think more p| afterwards for being thus honoured in the posses- • sion of snch an eminently aristocratic heirloom ; and even if he do not openly acknowledge that such things can be, he will at any rate go so far as to say that there may be ''something in it," and, vaguely quoting Hamlet's speech to Horatio, will go musing on his way. But lead lum out of the beaten track, bewilder him with a glimpse as throngh a glass darkly into that as yet unknown region which lies outside the material world of work and the wondrous realm of science, and you annoy him, and not unlikely end' by drawing down upon your innocent head the vials of his righteous wrath and nineteenth century scorn that you should attempt to take in him—him !—with such a glaring lie. He will curtly tell you with the splendid, outspoken frankness of a true-born Englishman that he doesn't believe a word ycu have uttered, 8nd will brand you henceforth and for ever as a most audacious— j perverter of the truth. { Hence, knowing that the circumstances Ị which I am about to relate contain so much that is utterly unexplainable, I start by repeating that I' do not expect any one to believe them. I give no cause for outbursts of contemptuous scorn, or ebullitions of indignant anger, seeing that I neither ask nor look for any credence in this actual history. I tell the tale as it WAB told to ine by one whose character, for veracity . is unquestionable, and who poEsesres not -the- faintest spark of imagination : who, too, was personally acquainted with the. principal actors in the scenes. It is sufficient for me that |I myself believe, while confessing my inability to account for the extraordinary narrative. The reader must judge'for himself, and draw his conclusions accordingly. The opening scene of this strange eventful history.is a small village in the midland counties lying upon the outskirts of the Earl of -B s beautiful park, and nestling beneath the shadow of mighty elms and oaks and beeches. The bulk of the dwellings were whitewashed, thatch-roofed cottages of the ordinary agricultural type (for the fad of beautifying his estate by the erection of rows ot Gothic red-and-black brick labourer's homes had not as yet seized upon tbe noble Earl), and the only two houses of any pretensions in the place were' the Rectory and a rambling antiquated-looking abode called Barn Abbey. Of course there were plenty of good comfortable homesteads and granges on the surrounding farms, but this story has only to do with the. village—Barton by name At the Rectory, a square two-storied, dark-redbrick house, situated in tastefully laid out grounds, separated from the church yard by a noble avenue of borne chestnuts, lived the Rev. Gwynneth Harcourt, Rector of St. Swithin's, a tall, well-built man of some sixty years. His still upright figure, graceful carriage, silvery white hair, ruddy smiling face, and kindly blue eyes were known and beloved by all his parishioners, whether peer or peasant, and there was no warmer heart, no more charitable band, no gentler spirit than his in ah the length and breadth of toiling England. The Rev. Gwynneth Was a widower with two children. A son, Cathbert,' about 24, who having taken honours at Cambridge and sub sequently Holy Ordets, had for a brief period acted as hiis father's curate, and, the hoped-for living being apparently as far off at the end of two years as when he left college, had, somewhat to the good old gentleman's regret, discarded the pulpit for tbe plough, and invested the email fortune which came to him from his mother in the purchase of a snug little neighbouring farm of some 250 acres. Here he now lived, and devoted all his days to the science of the rotation of crops, experimenting with artificial manures, ana the study of husbandry in general. As stalwart, manly, good - looking, and joyous a young yeoman farmer as all the country side could show, and where will you see a finer lot of young fellows, a more splendid race of young Englishmen, than among the gentleman farmers of Midlandshire. Cuthbert Harcourt had a sister: the delight of her father's eyes, the almoner of his charity, and the gracious chatelaine of the Rectory. About 19; graceful as Diana; with her father's wondrous bine eyes, and her dead mother's wealth of brown goldflecked hair ; skin as satiny and complexion as delicatc as the pale pink petals of a maiden blush rose ; a perfect, oval face, with a broad low brow like Juno's ; a patrician little Grecian nose, and a mouth whose every tmile was full of love and tenderness— A daughter of the Gods, Divinely tall and most divinely fair. Her name was Marjory, but her father and brother, and all who intimately knew her, called her Madge, and many a young farmer's worshipping eyes were turned to her sweet, pure face in Church on sunny Sunday mornings, as she sat saintlike beneath the great north window with her little village choir. In the cottages of the poor labourers, by the bedside of many a rheumatic, life-weary old dame, amongBt the village children at Sundayschool, in the quiet rectory garden with the rustic Leauties who came to her with all their love troubles, " Miss Marjory" was regarded as nothing more nor less than an angel sent from heaven to cheer and render happier the whole human race. So also amongst her father's friends and up at the Earl's big house " Madge Harcourt" was equally a synonym for everything that is bright and beautiful and good. Chief among these friends of her father was Vane Tresham, who lived at Barn Abbey. The simple souls at Barton could not understand '* Mad Tresham," as they usually called him amongst themselves over their pewter pots and pipes at the " Barley Mow." Because he was seldom seen inside the Church, excepting at long intervals and special occasions, such as Christmas Day— and then they said he only went to hear the anthem and see the holly and evergreens— from which you will judge correctly tnat they were proud of their singing and decorative ' taste at Barton ; because he lived all by j himself in the manvreomed, rambling, traditionally haunted Barn Abbey, having only a toothless old village crone, reputed to be a | witch, to make his bed—all his cooking he ; did himself—because he was independent in his mode of life, careless of the opinion of i the little world of Barton ; known to sit up until all hours in the morning, as could be seen from the light so often burning in his unshuttered study in the early , dawn as the sleep-rested ploughman | plodded past to his daily toil ; for these and other occult reasons the agricul- j tural population to a man, woman, and : child confidently (though confidentially, | for these things must not be pub- < lished on the housetop), affirmed that " Mad Tresham" was a wizard of the , deepest possible dye and a searet praefciser of the black aTt; and as be always took up his hat and walked out of Church if he hap- I pened to be there when the Athanasian i Creed was repeated, why, said these wiseacres, , no doubt he has sold his soul to Beelzebub. ; They would have said Mephistoplieles had they ever heard of Faust, for your chaw- i bacon is fond of a good mouthful of a word w hen he is upon the subject of religion. Harbouring these convictions, they natu- ! rally felt some difficulty in reconciling this theory with their Rector's close friendship with j '"Wad Tresham." This certainly puyzled i the m, and could only be accounted for upon the assumption that the parson was eDgased ; in the good and holy work of fighting against j the Prince of the Powers of the Air on be- | half of his soul-wrecked neighbour. Faint I tumours of the belief as to his dealings : with the Devil occasionally reached Vane • Tresham, and many a hearty laugh had he ! and the Rector over the superstitions scandal in the quiet seclusion of the Abbey etudy. j Of all men in creation Eurely Vane Tresham looked the least likely to enter into any such diabolical compact as that of which he was ; ' j j ! j suspected.^ Considerably over six feet in height, with magnificent square shoulders, of a dignified, in fact, majestic presence, and possessed of a most gracious mien, none who met this much maligned gentleman and student could fail to be impressed with | his appearance, and captivated with the charm of his manner and conversation? As for his real age, that it seemed impossible to correctly guess ; his buoyancy of spirits, full deep voice, and fresh wind- blown and sunburnt face gave him more the appearance of a comparatively young man, or one at any rate not yet out of "the fifties. On the other hand, his personal reminiscences of events which occurred early in the century, his intimacy as shown by mauy little ola-time anecdotes, with statesmen, philosophers, and actors who had nearly all joined the great majority before the fathers of the rising generation were breeched, and whose names are now for ever blazoned_ on the scroll of fame; his snowwhite hair, hanging in silky, silvery curls upon the collar of hiB old violet velvet jacket; a certain indefinable, old-world, stately grace handed down from the far-off days of " the first gentleman in Europe," these combined to show that Vane Tresham must indeed be well past the Psalmist's "three score and ten." After his splendid physique, this snowwhite hair and bright healthy complexion were the two things which first'attracted the notice of strangers; but let them once be brought into contact with him face to face, and everything else of a marked or striking character in his appearance was forgotten, completely eclipsed, in his marvellous eyes, of unusual size, in colour clear steel-grey, with big purple-black pupils, fringed with beautifully long upward sweeping dark lashes (with cot a white hair amongst them), Mid overhung- by thick, bushy, jet black brows. When he spoke these extraordinary eyes literally entranced the listener; there was something about them—not exactly uncanny, since they did not inspire those upon whom their gaze was directed with dread—but, what for a want of a better word, most people called unnatural. The figure and lace belonged clearly enough to the prosaic nineteenth century, and the eyes to who knows when ? They seemed to be piercing throngh the mists of untold ages, and looking with sad pity, sorrowful yearning, or lightning flashes of indignant scorn upon these degenerate modern times. They were not the eyes of a metmerist, although their influence was closely allied to the mesmeric in its nature ; they weie not the eyes of a Basilisk or serpent since - they rather attracted and ,held spellbound by their rare beauty and mysterious depths than charmed snake-like by a pitiless relentless glare lit, as it were, by a spark from the unquenchable fires of hell. It is difficult to describe snch eyes since few if any have ever seen their like upon earth. : Fortune Spindle, the consequential dapper little Church Clerk, who was more than suspected by the rector of secretly writing poetry, used to. say he always fancied tbey were like the eyes of Lazarus after he had been, raised from Idle dead, 'if you see what I mean.' He shouldn't like to say what those eyes had looked upon—' if you saw what he meant.' CHAPTERIL But really in a general way there was nothing especially strange or uncanny about Vane Tresham. He certainly was eccentric, but probably not more so than a hundred other lonely old bachelors. He had some few startling and original notions, too, upon the subject of tne secret of life and death, and the nature of the soul; but this was scarcely to be wondered at in a man who sat up haif the night pouring over musty old volumes of ancient Greek Philosophy, and who openly avowed himself a disciple of Pythagoras and a believer in Metempsychosis. But only to the Rector and his family did he ever open bis lips upon these mysterious subjects. " Rector," said he to his friend, one starlit summer evening, as they sat beneath the big elm in front of Barn Abbey—" tell me, Rector, cow, what is your candid opinion as to our having had a previous existence here upon earth, or possibly in some other planet. What do you make of it ?" "I think it altogether unlikely," answered the Rector; " but even if it be as you say, seeing that we don't appear to remember anything at all about our former state of 'being—neither its joyB nor its sorrows, its successes nor its failures—and as none of its lessons have left the faintest traces ih our minds to guide us in this the latest stage of our journey through time, why, I don't think it matters very much whether it was so or not. I know, Tresham, this is yonr pet hobby, but as for myself I confess I seldom speculate about such palpably unanswerable mental questionings," "But," said Tresham, have you never—of course you have—felt that well-known, vague, mysterious sensation of saying or doing again, in exactly the same place, with exactly the same surroundings, and under exactly the same circumstances, something which you suddenly seem to remember having done ages unon ages ago? How do you explain this curious feeling if it be not the soul's semi- recollection of its doings in the body, maybe, when the world itself was young?" " It has been frequently and to my notion most conclusively explained," replied the Rector. " A mere mental idiosyncrasy, onehalf of the perceptive faculties lagging a millionth part of a second behind the other and more wide awake half. Disordered stomach very probably, Never heard of . a man whose bosom's lord sits lightly on his throne experiencing the fancy to which you allude. I have certainly often had the notion myself though, but always feel inclined to put it down to irregular action of the mental clockwork caused by indigestion." " Ah ! in my own .case it is nothing of that kind," meditatively said Tresham. " I know all about that dual brain theory, and have read up every writer upon the subject, but the explanation, plausible enough upon the surface, falls a long way short of satisfying me. My memory of the event in such cases is too real, too distinct, to be accounted for by any mere drowsiness of one of the hemispheres of the brain giving the impression of a repeated image in place of the picture being instantly photographed upon the two hemispheres in a normal state of activity. Besides, as I get older these remembrances, vague and shadowy in my youth, dim in my middle age, yearly grow clearer and more distinctly :ocussed as it were. And, what is stranger than all," here Tresham laid his long beautifully formed, white, artist's hand upon the Rector's arm, and turning upon him the light of his extraordinary eyes, said in a low, thrilling voice—"and what is stranger than, all, I sometimes now seem, as it were, to see 'orward into a future existence, to have vague visions of myself in the guise of another self in another sphere—alike and yet unlike —but it is all faint and shadowy, and"— suddenly removing his eyes and hand and breaking off with a laugh, " what unconscionable stuff I am talking. Come in, and I will show you a splendid Elzevir and give you a Celestial salad of my own mixing, which I think you will appreciate. I had tbe recipe from an old Chinese mandarin, away up the Yang Tze Kiang. Although conversations such as the foregoing were not uncommon, particularly when the Rector went across alone to Barn Abbey, still they did not often take such a serious turn, ana never—or at any rate but seldom, and then only briefly—was the topic of Metempsychosis introduced on those occasions when Madge Harcourt accompanied her father in his evening visits to Vane Tresham or she acted as hostess to their guest at the Rectory. Then, indeed, was Tresham more than ever the courtly gentleman of the old school—witty and sparkling in conversation, not wanting egotistically to have all the talking to himself, like so many old and clever men who have seen a good deal of the world, but listening with an amused smile to the rather prosy anecdotes of the Rector's college days, and sympathizing with a kindly glance of his fascinating eyes and a gracious bend of his majestic head in Miss Marjory's perplexities and troubles with the village maidens and their swains. And then when he brought his violin, and Madge went to the piano, and softly played his _ accompaniments, he would draw such thrilling soul-stirring tones from the rare old patched and rivetted Straduarious, and would fill the big Rectory drawing-room with such a flood of more than earthly harmony, that the good parson would close his eyes, and leaning back in his easy-chair let his errant fancy soar upwards to the bright Elvsian fields, and Madge would quietly take t her slender fingers from the keys and sit in silence listening while Tresham all unconsciously wandered away from the original air, and went on improvising such sweet, sad music as surely never was erstwhile heard y by mortal ear. Rising and falling, mailing and crying, now a low mournful reqniem, then breaking into a spirit moving iiasan of praise or song of triumph such as Miriam might have sung or Deborah chanted; and so coming softly, slowly, by imperceptible by-ways of song back again to the Liede ohne worte from whence he wandered off. Whereupou the Rector would open his eyes, Madge would let her fingers fall upon the keys, and thus after a few lingering chords the tide of music would cease, the spell would be broken, and the glamour of the musician's wondrous power pass away. l And, sometimes, when the nights were warm and still, ana the air was filled with the fragrance of lilac, and laburnum, and guelder-rose, and when the scent of the thousand clustering cones of blossoms upon the horee-chesnuts came wafting in at the open windows, the Recto** and Madge and Tresham would leave the drawing-room and stroll around the grounds, or Bit upon the cool, mossy, well- mown lawn, while Tresham told of land s beneath other skies, the glorious luxuriance of tropic forests, the brilliant constellations of southern heavens, and of weird rites and mysterious ceremonies which he had witnessed on many a distant Sonth Sea Isle. He seemed to know everything— he seemed to have been everywhere, and all was told with such a simple eloquence that Madge could almost fancy that she saw the places spoken oi and often caught herself wondering if she had not reallv been there with him at the time. In his own house, too, in the character of hest Vane Tresham was equally perfect. Never were such salads as his—so deftly mixed, BO temptingly, so artistically arranged within the bowl. Never did lady's lips sip Euch delicate, silky, soft, amberhued wine as that which he produced in long-necked, ruby-tinted bottles from the darkest corner of the old abbey's big, cool cellar; and in examining bus priceless volumes, his portfolios of engravings, his cameos, his art treasures, his scientific cabinets, and the thousand and one objects of interest with which the gloomy lowceilioged, wainscotted room was filled an evening soon slipped away. And then when conversation flagged and other things failei, was there not always the violin? Old Sukey Hodgson, Vane Tresham's bedmaker, always averred that the violin was the master's familiar spirit, and as Sukey was a reputed witch she ought to have known something about such thiDgs, and maybe she was right. Now as every village is an epitome of the world, and as Barton was even as are other villages whose inhabitants, unlike the gentleman in Scripture, did not need to ask "_Who is my neighbour?" but knew all about him even to the minutest particular of his domestic life —in fact, were frequently better acquainted with his private affairs than he was himself—it can scarcely be matter of surprise that the bucolic Bartonians found engrossing topic of conversation over their respective washtubs, or pipes and pots (according to the sex of the Bossipers), in the intimacy of the Rectory folks and' mad' Tresham. And as is usual in such cases they saw quite clearly what neither of the parties most interested had even guessed at. Said Lucas Hopkins, ploughman, to old Amos Stanner, superannuated shepherd, one cold November Saturday night, in the snog taproom of the < Barley Mow, where the rude forefathers of the hamlet were indulging in tbeir weekly symposium. "Master Stanner," said he, removing his long clay to expectorate gracefully ih tbe spittooni " I hears as how Miss Marjory at the rectory is a gooin' to ma&ke; a match of it with mad Tresham. They're alius together a fiddlin* and a play in' onto the pyanner, so I'm a tolled." " Oh ! I've a knowed that was a comin' off this long toime gone by; any fool moight a seen that who had half a oye in' his head," 8ententiously returned the patriarchal Amon, proud of his fourscore and odd years and; consequent keener judgment than unobservant youngsters of five and tiiirty or thereabouts. Lucas Hopkins appeared to be slightly huffed at this implied reflection upon his de-; fective vision and general mental calibre, and' sulkily withdrew into his purtpot. But' Jabez Snodgers, a good-tempered simple-' looking " rick thacker," who was fond of unity and concord, chimed in with, "Ah, ^•on're a sbarp 'un, you are, Master Stanner. There aint a many wot Bees wot yon sees. ' Catch a weasel asleep,' says some; catch Master Starmera doziir, says I, when there's anything a brewin* in the wind." " WeM," said the mollified oldest inhabi- 1 < tant, v ± dbn't azackly think I woz a1>orn ; yisterday, young Jabez. I fancy I knows a thing or two irithout abein told it by Lucas. Hopkins." " Ah exclaimed the sycophantic thacker. 1 " Give me a hold man. What his oye don't see it 'd taake a tolerable big taliscope to spoyont." "But when'8 it a comin* off, Master Stanner f asked another of the company. Said Lucas Hopkins, setting down his pint, pot empty and grinning maliciously with the conception of a really bxilliant repartee, as. he pointed the waxed end of his pipestem at old Stanner, " Whoy, any fool knows that' who's got half a oye in his head." This sally was greeted with such appreciative gufiEaws that the offended ploughman was immediately restored to his wonted gppd: humour and Saturday night conviviality.! But Amos Starmer appeared to be stunned. When boys of thirty- five or thereabouts began to make fun of a man of his age and ; experience, surely the world must be coming: to an end, or if not it was about time it did.: " Young man," said he severely, as soon as, he could recover his breath, "young Lucas Hopkins, if you don't mould you'll come to a bad end; that's the sort o' talk and the sort o' conduck to them as is your sinnyers as brought about the French Reyylution. Stop in toime, Lucas Hopkins, for I should' be sorry to see yonr father's son (for he were a respectable man and alius looked np to them as woz his sinnyers) come to the: gallus." " Dash it all! Master Starmer," expostu-' lated Lucas, " it aint quite so bad as that I was only a repeatin your very own words." • " Well, don't do it again, Lucas, don't do, it no more," concluded the indignant patriarch : whereupon the ploughman with a display of mock repentance promised that he wouldn't, and to show that there was no illfeeling, offered, " if he might be so bold," to stand a pint for Master Starmer, the which hospitable proposal the latter equally, willing to let bygones be bygones, as cordially accepted, and friendship was again cemented over two foaming pots. "But when is it a comin' off, Master Starmer," again enquired the inquisitive villager, who had previously asked the question. " Oh, bymeby, bymeby," replied the ancient Amos, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. " What's your opinion Master Starmer, about the suitability, so to speak, o' the match ?" asked Jabez Snodgers. " Tresham's a pretty old bird, ain't he ?" "Middlin' like,"assented Amos, "notso old as me, 'o course, but a pretty good age, seventy or thereabouts, I should say." "And Miss Marjory's about twenty, I 'spose." " Yes, thereabouts." " May and December!" muttered a swarthy visaged black-eyed young man who had hitherto sat silent in the background quietly smoking his cigar and sipping his glass of hot gin and water. " Beggin' your parding, Mister,_ but what did you please to hobserve ?" enquired Amos, with Bome accession of dignity at this fresh case of trespass upon his own domain of leader of public opinion, as represented by the voice of the village at the Barley Mow assembled. " May and December, Governor!" curtly repeated the stranger. " Vane Tresham will never see a hundred again !' " Lord sake, yon don't say so ?" ejaculated the thunderstruck Jabez Snodgers. ' It's as true as God made little apples," affirmed the black-eyed individual, adding to himself, " Good reason, has never seen it the first time yet." This statement was a staggerer to Amos Starmer, who suddenly saw himself displaced from his proud pedestal of " the oldest inhabitant; and ne could only sit and stare with falling jaw, while the rest of the company gave vent to their surprise in a chorus of " Lord sake !'' This startling piece of news naturally drew the attention of the rustic circle to the stranger, who hitherto had been little observed, sitting as he did in a shadowy corner at the extreme end of the long deal table. He certainly was a strange-looking personage—dark as a Moor, with a jet-black eye m and a nose like an eagle's beak. A thick o black moustache fiercely curled at the ends, a sneering, cynical mouth, gleaming white teeth, and a little pointed tuft upon his under lip—not a nice sort of man to know, evidently—and one of those characters who the more one looks at them appear to grow more and more forbidding in aspect. Every labourer's eyes were fixed upon the stranger; and, queer to relate, as they afterwards each confessed, every one of the scrutineers felt that this uncanny-looking being's gaze was fixed upon him individually, and no other. An unaccountable sort of shiver ran round the room, and when the stranger gave vent a low, sardonic, chuckling laugh Jabez Snodgers felt that he could stand it no longer. With his fat, simple face, the colour of a tallow candle, and much about that length, he cried—" For the Lord's sake, man, don't laugh like that. You ma-a-ke my flesh creep !" Whereupon the stranger smiled, and Jabez really didn't know which he liked the least —the mocking laugh or the saturnine smile. " And so Vane Tresham is going to marry Madge Harcourt, you suppose, do you?" asked the black-browed personage. " Yes," replied Amos, reduced by the late uncomfoitable sensation to a monosyllable. As for the others, not a man among them could have opened his lips to save his life. " Ah, much you know about it, old wiseacre," returned the_ stranger once again, indulging in one of his peculiar blood- curdling Jabez Snodgers gave a gasp, and convulsively sprang to his feet. " Master Starmer and neighbours," faltered he, "I'll wish you good night. I'm sorry to break up pleasant company, but I railly can't stand that gentleman's laugh, it—it maakes my flesh creep" Then pausing irresolute at the door, " If so be as you're a comin (mv way, Luaas, Til bear you company home. But Lucas had not finished his pint, and was not quite so much impressed by superstitious fears as Jabez, so he elected to remain on a bit longer, and the latter, too full of nervous fancies to face the walk home alone, was perforce compelled to stop on also. _ "Sit down, Jabez" (how the dickens did he find out my name, wendered Snodgers), sit down, lad ; I'm sorry my laugh grates on your nerves eo ; 111 bittie it up." Jabez sank into his_ corner of tfce long high-backed settle, and with a poor assumption oi valour called for another pot of beer. "One minute, landlord," interrupted the stranger, as that worthy rose to execute the order; "if this highly intelligent company will do me the honour tojoin me in a glass, I shall be happy to stand pints all round." To most of the highly intelligent company aforesaid the invitation Beemea none the less welcome that they mistrusted the giver of it. Even Jabez Snodgers' began to. think there couldn't be anything'much amiss about a man who was willing to pay for pots of beer for other people to drink, and as for his laugh—why; but no, "dang his buttons, he couldn't get over that!" The memory of it made him shudder; but, thought he, it wouldn't turn the beer sour. There was one, -however, who priratelv elected to stand out in this "drinks aU round" business. This was old Amos Starmer. His cogitations upon the subject were most profound; no temptations, said he to himself, should induce him to accept the iio&pitality; of this individual, who if not, as was probable, Beelzebub in proprid persond, WHS at any rate evidently a pretty close acqu aintance of his. '' Still, on the other hand, a pot of beer was a pot of beer," and Amos scratched his head in perplexity. "Right you are, my festive Methuselah,' suddenly said the stranger, "a pot of beer is a pot of beer, and I'm not the party you take me to be, I assure you, nor are he and I especially good friends." " Well, ( I'm blest I" slowly ejaculated Amos. "I'll swear I never whispered a word, and how_ the nation could he find out wiat I was a think in about?" He was, in fact r so thoroughly staggered that without distinctly knowing what he was doing he took his pot of beer from the landlord with. the others, and mechanically drained it dry, without, however, prefacing the draught with the short and simple ceremony performed by the rest of the highly intelligent company, and which consisted merely of a .quick jerk of the head in the stranger's direction and the brief salutation, "Good 'ealth, mister." Then tbe party separated, the rustics wending their way home with many comments upon the stranger's appearance, and Bpecul&tions; as to who and' what he was and what he was after in Barton. The subject of this wonder and Buspidon quietly strolled tip the lane leading to TJarn Abbey, though what he should have to do with Mad Tresham at that time of night was more than any of hit late companions feould say. It more than confirmed them In their opinion, however, that if not the Devil himself he was beyond a donbt his emissary, and this being sothey furtherfound verification of their longestablished belief that Mad Tresham had sold his soul- to the great enemy of mankind, who was now oome or sending for him. Subsequent events quite satisfied them upon this latter point. (To be continued 