NATURAL HISTORY. ABOUT THE ZOO.—No. V. [By oar Special Reporter. J More upward working ont the beast, And let tbe ape and tiger die. —Tennyson. Having ao far disposed of tbe animals in tbe Zoo 'whose mission seems to be to go about seebiog whom" they might devour, I find myself now on the track of tbose whose ■ line is to seek tchat they might devour—that is to say, I leave tbe carnicora for a glance at the omnivorous and herbivorous creatures. Of these, I suppose I must first pay my atten tions to the elephant, Miss Siamt out of courtesy to her gentle sex—and she is gentle y-and by reason of her superior claims in matter of size. Though one of the latest to come, this lady pachyderm does not rank the last in public esteem. Miss Siam has won her .ponderous way into the affections of the South Australian juveniles whose wont it is to frequent Ithe Zoo, and tbe young people would probably raise almost as great an outcry at the sugges tion of her departure as the boys and girls of Great Britain did when Barnum bore off Jumbo. At first when she entered upon her dutieB as nursemaid to Young Australia she was a trifle timid, and on one occasion bolted outright, frightened by the sudden unme lodious cry of a peacock—and no wonder, for the peacock has about as much ear for music as a graven image, and his discordant yell is worse than a discontented dingo's. However, she thoroughly docile now, and any afternoon may be met shambling amiably about the broad paths with her howdah loaded with youngsters cheering and laughing light heartedly ; and, Bhall I whisper it, not a few big elderly people get into that howdah, os tensibly to see the youngsters all safe, but I had a shrewd suspicion that it is,," one for sonny and two for father in this case, and that the oldsters make a very transparent show of solicitude where in fact they are revelling in the recollections of youth when they used to worry their parents some fifty years aeo for a ride on the elephant in a bigger Zoo than ours; and why not, an elephant ride at sixty is ub legitimate as at six, especially when it rejuvenates one for the time being. Anent |Mies Siam, she is, I understand, an Indian elephant, and we are indebted to our liberal colonist, Sir T. Elder, for ;this valu able and interesting addition to the Zoo. By the way, the llamas I mentioned >in.,my last article were given by Mr. Philip Levi, sen. Miss Siam is young, always arecommendation with the softer sex. Whether she is beautifnl I will not say, but if " handsome is as hand some docs she is certainly charming. In my opinion she is a beauty, because 1 hold that every animal as adapted to its peculiar mode of life is beauti ful, whether it he the grinning ape or the Bpotted jaguar, the lordly lion or the ; slender ichneumon. In point of intelligence our elephant ranks high, and she knows par ticularly well on which side her bread is buttered. It is amusing to see her shuffling up to some tiny mite of a child and Ibegging eloquently with graceful movements of that ever-reBtless proboscis of hers for a bun, apple, or anything eke that is toothsome, while her Bingularly small eyes twinkle in so funny a fashion that one cannot help laugh ing. The contrast between the big, bulky beast and the little timid child, half delighted and half afraid, is too utterly too much some times. It reminds one of the lion and the mouse, for here the insignificant atom of humanity has the best of it over the brute. Our female Jumbo can pick up a pin or a nut with her trunk, and she iB very polite in handing up things to her driver, with whom she seems to be on the best of terms. In a quaint, old-fashioned work I find mention made of an elephant, which, in 1681, was accidentally burnt in a booth in the City of Dublin, and the account states that "when the fire was extinguished. every one endeavoured to procure Borne part (of the elephant, few of them having seen him living, by reason of the great rates put upon him. In those days he was not so well .[known as now, but the many absurd notions regarding this mighty beast have not yet been, all dis posed of. Mention is made in a book called " The Dialogues of Creatures Moralyzed," that "the olefawnte," as he is called, "beweth not the knees" and some ungallant writer in an old play dated 1633 refers to a woman as " stubborn as an elephant's leg—-no bending in hei." Even Shaaepeare has the following" The elephant hath joints, but none for courteBy; his legs are legs for necessity, not for flex ure." So much for Sbakspeare, who might he excused; but what shall we Bay of people nowadays who still believe that ,the ele phant never lies down, but sleeps standing against a tree, and that if the tree is cut down he will fall with it and sotbe captured ? The elephant at our Zoo quite upsets all those popular errors by ber activity, and those at the circus must have* completely crushed them by their acrobatic perfor mances. As a matter of fact the elephant is a singularly surefooted animal, supple for his size, and capable of climbing up or descend ing from rocky places which a horse would | not face. I And in an old work a reference to the elephant kept in the^Tower of London, wheieof it is said that the King (Henry IIL) in a precept to the Sheriff of London in 1256 says—"We command you that, of the farm of our city ye cause without delay to be built at our Tower of London, one house forty feet long and twenty feet deep for onr elephant." That represents rather roomier quarters than Miss Siam has in her day ana generation; but her apart ment is easy, and she has a better range pro bably than the royal pet referred to. Most classical readers are familiar with accounts of the feats performed by 'elephants in the old times when the Romans used to train them to throw javelins, dance on tight ropes, and perform similar seemingly impossible things which their fotest experience could never have put them up to, but which Bhows their docility and intelligence under culture. Onr own ele phantine pet will never, it is"almost safe: to say. be called upon to .develop herself In suoh directions, but she is gradually getting an education which fits her for society and the sphere of life ' to which Sir Thomas Elder's liberality to the Acclimatization Society has called her. 1 could go into rap tures over the marvellous structure of such a ponderous pet so fitting for so bulky a" body and its natural habits, but I am afraid of making my article as heavy as the elephant. While! am " spreading myself' solmnch upon a subject so large—in more senses than one— I am neglecting another Zoo pet as popular as Siam herself, and that is the Malayan Sunbear, or Helarclus Malayus, to give him his foil title, which is more high sounding than if he had been made a C.M7G. This young animal has decidedly a strong spice of humour in his composition, and I have little doubt that if his bnmps were examined Pro fessor Symon or some other enthusiastic phrenologist would discover that he has the bump of ludicrousness largely developed. Moreover, mischievous like a monkey he is Dot,' for his tricks are all thoroughly good.-humoured pranks, and seem to bs the outcome of excess of animal spirits, He has a pit all to himself now that; his former mate, the slow and solemn black bear, is dead. Master Snnbear is recognised as a regular buffoon by visitors, who always crowd round his subterranean habitation laughing heartily at his fanciful performances. One day he got a windfall m the shape of a hat which blew into hie pit, and straightway he began to deal with it as never hat was dealt with before. Ha tried to jam it over his head, and turned several somersaults in the effort. Finally he got his head through the crown, ana wore the brim as a collar. From that time a hat has been regarded as a special incentive to drollery, so far as the sun beax is concerned, and he is therefore kept UCCU. u tlfUVCiUCUi BUU un IO IIUCICIUIQ hCJIV fully supplied with cast-off head-gear till his looks like " pit looks like the floor of a secondhand hat shop. If some little boy's knickerbockers blew off and the sunbear set to work to put them on, 1 suppose his attentive friends, the public, woula forthwith lavish old trousers upon him until at lost he might come in for a full suit. It is a popular idea that the sunbear supports existence upon old hats and broken biscuits, those being the uBual form of contributions. He has the orthodox notched and gnarled tree-stump to clamber up, and the activity he displays is remarkable. His limit look as loose-jointed as a marionette's, and he can stand perfectly upright, till be bears an absurd resemblance to the pictures one sees of skinclad Esquimaux children in full dress. The description of this animal—the sunbear, not the Esquimaux—as given by an eminent naturalist is highly complimentary, and fits our comical young friend at the Zoo to a nicety. The fur. we are told, is particularly fine and glossy, and the hair shorter than that of the generality of the bear tribe. The colour is deep black, with the exception of a large semi-lunar patch on the breast, and a yellowish—X should say. dirty—white Eatch on the snout and upper jaw. The ead is thick and the neck extremely powerful. The sunbear is a vegetable feeder and easily tamed. Ours is as play ful as a kitten, and as active and supple as any of Chiarini's acrobats. It Beems a natural transition to go from the playful restless sunbear to the monkeys, whose mis chievous propensities and downright effron tery keep the spectators ever on the grin. Thereare several varieties of themonkey tribe, and. an intelligent observer could profitably spend a whole afternoon marking the differ ences in the specimens—from the baboons down to that tmy siender monkey, who in spite of his alertness and lightning-like leaps seems to be alwayB afraid some of his bigger companions might make a ghost of him. The Quadrumana form a big study in themselves, and there is almost no end to the family, but the few representatives in the Zoo are very interesting. By-the-way I do not think, much as they resemble a caricature of humanity, that any of themonkeys Btand so erect ornatu rally on their hind legs as the little sunbear and Woods points out that the awkward bipedal walk of the monkey tribes is due to the position of the orifice in the skull through which the spinal cord enters the brain. He observes that in the human skull this orifice is so placed that the head is equally balanced, and a considerable portion of the skull pro jects behind it, but m the lower animals this orifice, called the " occipital foramen," is set so far back that the whole weight of the skull is thrown forward, and so overbalances the body. Another cause, he savs, is seen in the structure of the hind liinbB. These members are intended for progression among the branches of trees, and are so formed that when the animal nses them for locomotion it is forced to tread, not upon their soles, but upon their sides. The muscular calves which brace the foot and limb are wanting in the Qnadrumana< animals, and even when they are standing as uprightly as possible their knees are always bent. It is in noting points like these, and observing the peculiarities of the different specimens of natural history at the Zoo, that the utility of such an institution as a. means of education becomes manifest. I should like to see some one present an ourang-outang, a chimpanzee, and a spider monkey to the Zoo, for each is singular in its own way; and, barring a real live gorilla, I do not think anything in the line of the Quadrumona could be more acceptable. They have two very fine black baboons at the Zoo, and most remarkable-looking ani mals they are, with their peculiar flattened faces, long noses, and jet-black skin. (To be continued.) 