LAY SERMONS.-No. XXXVII. THE LIBERTY F LITTLENESS. [BY THE BROTHERS NEMO.] Yours, &c.;, JOHN SMITH. It does not come within the province of a ley preacher whose pulpit it a column in the Advertiser, and whose congregation is so large and to mixed as ours is, to touch upon every theme of pnbUo interest. GontrovenUl theology Is, of course, among our tabooed anbjeoti, and so an the nioe questions affecting ecclesiastical history or tradition. As for ourselves we value a church not on ao count of its venerable or its recent formation bat solely by reason of its practical worth m the upholder of certain soda! virtues. Among the themes whioh we lay preachers claim equally with our clerical brethren are those connected with pnblio honesty, and charity, and morality. AU sections of the community an equally Interested in getting rid of what Is mean and bate and hurtful to our peaoe and well-being. Shams of all kind, whether sanctioned by sacred nsages or bolstered op by godless propagandists, an foes to our social harmony and common self-respect, and deserve to be held up to scorn. We received a letter Che other day which brought os face to face with a question of some delicacy as to our province as lay preachers. It ran as follows :—] Kapunda, October, 1884. My Dear Brothers Memo—l do not doubt that you have read the report in the papers of the new movement in reference to the Y.M.O.A. and its threatened opposition. I have read it with pain and shame. I did not think that then wen any people in our midst whe would or could hold such narrow-minded and bigoted ideas] as those which wen given forth at the reoent meeting for the establish, mentof a rival association for the young men of the Church of England, I was especially amazed that any man should actually trumpet forth his littleness of soul, and letitbekoown that his ideas wen so shrivelled and poor. I have always thought that the Church of Fngianil aimed at showing what b "tll^ ? " catholic" spirit, and bated whatsoever was schismatic and shallow and mean. I may be wrong, but I fancy that the meaning of the word "catholic" is universal or compre hensive, and not the reverse. However, I wiih you would give ns a sermon on the subject, and do something to show op this anti-catholic movement. The Y.M.O. A. is what I call really catholic. It hat a basis as broad as Christianity itself, and just for tali mason I am glad to hear of its prosperity.— We wen modi obliged to Mr. Smith for reminding as of the nutter; bat we were in doubt whether or not this squabble among the sects m a proper theme for u? to discuss. Among other formi of liberty which It certainly would not be win to suppress mart be [plaood this "liberty of littleness." If a mw likes to harbor in his own mind the ids* that he 1b the most righteous and proper man In the world, and that all the net of man kind arc children of the devil, that ia no ream why we should interfere with his eccentricity as long as it does not beoomea pnbUenataanee. Then is a certain citizen in a frnrtainrltr in Australia who holds that a vacuum is the greatest foroe in nature. We know of others who an burning with an enthusiastic belief that all of us, who an of English descent, an the lineal desoendants of the ten lost tribes, Mr. Woods wishes to convert hi all to a faith in the power of Christ to heal disease i even now by a touch, while some other wandering visitants wax furious in their eloquence in proving to us that theidea oC any God at all is a mistake. We dwell in a free country, and It is a delicate question when freedom ought to end and when re straint ought to begin. The late John Stuart HOl.'laid it down, as a practical maxim, that every man's liberty ought to be respected as long as it does not touch injuriously the in terests of others. This sounds very well as a theory, but 'as we read it we thought what ought to be our course of oonduct sup posing a sun wanted to put aa end to himself by drowning himself. Then is a man, let us say, on the banks of the Torans. He is stripping off his clothes in preparation for the fatal leap. We know the man; he is a worthless member of society; his loss win be a relief rather than otherwise;] he has no family to suffer by his death; he is alone in the world; be Is tired of life and wants to get rid of the burden of existence. In such a case, according to Mr. MQl's theory, no one ought to intorfen with his personal liberty "to jump the life to come" if he likes to make the venture. But in spite of theory we imagine Oat oonsetenoe would bid us lay violent hands on that man and prevent him from doing the deed; in spite of theory Mr. Beddome would commit him for trial with out bail if instead of ourselves some passing policeman saw the man about to "drown himself willingly." This "liberty of littleness" wants guarding from intrusion. It may be a vary silly thing in itself, but except to very extreme cases it ought to be upheld. The liberty of little, ness is the penalty we must all pay for liberty of greatness. It is the shadow of freedom, and no substantial reality can avoid casting a shadow when placed in the healthgiving sunshine. An old German legend tells us a story of a man who thought he could dispense with a shadow, and in an evil moment sold it for some Urge amount to the a—ir.?n E ev a one. He thought he had the host of the bargain, but he soon found out that he had been grievously outwitted by the de?D. A man without a shadow was so unnatural and so uncanny a creature that nobody would trust him. Similarly everything must have its shadow, and after a while we all find out that **"? shadow is quite harmless. We pondered carefully this letter from Kapunda. Kapnnda has recently obtained a curious reputation in our midst as the fulcrum on which the mighty lever of land reform is to be plaoed. This Kapunda arrogance made us at first very suspicious of the letter. We thought it might have some connection with the great manifesto. Finally we made up our minds that it was our duty to go right in the teeth of our correspondent and uphold with all the force of our pen the sacred "duty of being little." It the congre gation of the Bey. Uriah Heap has the idea that it and it alone is "a garden walled round, chosen and made peculiar ground," and forthwith resolves that it will have a Young Men's Christian Association of its own, that it will carefully mature its own " young cedars fresh and green," will look out for them as they arrive from abroad, and will warn them against joining any literary society in the union, or any Young Men's Christian Association formed on wider principles, and especially against being sucked into the pro posed rival Church of England Institute, who shall say them nay ? The Bey. Uriah Heap has a perfect right to belittle his own soul if he likes, and if his congregation like to follow him they can do so. If those eoeentrio fellow citizens who believe in the preaching of ghosts like to form " Lyceums " in which young men can be taught to make themselves merry in the "iftt of errant spirits, they may do so without let or hindranoe. The rest of the world may laugh at them, but that is all. So in reference to the V.M.C.A., if any large-souled members of any of the churches deem that their young men an not safe in the exercise of evangelical usefulness; if they think that it would be far better to train them in fisticuffs or billiards than in piety 5 if they flatter themselves that the true unction hi wanting in the association; if they like to drag out of the far past any small theory of <"w^"***ntlrtal exdusivenoss, no one can find fault with them. They an doing what they have a right to do. They an but exercising their exclusive right to the liberty of littleness. It may be urged that the V.M.C. A. in only following In Adelaide the came lines that it is following in other parts Of the world; that its main supporters in its evangelical work in Sydney an to be found among the Argl'"" clergy; that if it took any other course it would be putting itself out of thtt runim??? ??fcii?- .JmiUr ammniaftioni; but all this is beside the question. It does not even touch the fringe of our argument. What has English or colonial or American precedent to do with the South *—?—"nn liberty of littleness! It that [littleness does not injure the liberty of others it is bound to be left alone. Even if carried to the vesge of corporate suicide no onlooker, be ha polioe* man, or parson, or member of the board of the V.M.0.A.. has any right to thwart the purpose ot any Mbenu to oommit/?lo ds ??, 