SELECT 7OETET. THE )ESE.l'.. D HOUSE. Siere tin alght thatraiss strnger 1 analcs in Sour mind '' Oaian ? ousoe we sec deserted-voidof iny humrnu Slowily rotting, asnup and nolidy, every .ohambeor, 1roof ond floor. af in fear w ross each threshold, .eurious, yet f? ull of awe, ' *" " " " Lik a body used no longort and from whih thle soul hane fled- Liks a temple sred ,etliyto the long-forgotton doad; Here, beforeno a rlolg fire children iplayed while mlothersr atoleld; Fatbers frome the ores of.,daytimo by their loved ones were bgotl?do ? 'ialos were told, ad hopes and faroices lenlt their magic to the secac- trang it is to see how dreary laitha plate where on h?Yh?~ us' loeeso.e .hamberwe can hlmost hear tile grven Of solle std ind wneary sufferor dylgia in the gloom alone; (Ir perhaps wlth lrienic arolund hmn'caname at longth tile welcome olend, As for btreothl in valu lhestruggled, o'er.him did sonme loved one bond. TIhroalnl tiil doorway passed a.mother, with a soft and noiseloss treodl, Erury cevrlelg paused a moment, stooping o'er nech little bhel, softly klssecd the little imnate slqepling sweetly, cahnlly thre- ittle lives no strongly guatddd from a thought of sin or care. lld she every weep, wonder, as she lassed the empty cot,- scare a mothor but she misses some one fromII hlier troeured lot Diid a yenring strong and ctlder.fil the gentle mother's heart, ' len she vlIewced that olno 'cotttandling from the othler bed's apart,. lave the roon, a tfoisadId cs f? a wn fles rom it inito toy hln,ra Yearnllings strange and lcolings mngled , half .with joy iliid half will.pat.le ere a eimanbor wthe? ta miidden passeod her youlthfuzl healrs azway.; lrs sl druemiIt ihose dreama,sand fienoles tlimt like mist can Ifde awiyr:; hoere some yoUth formed mnight3yproJeCtseJastlng as time ,naicoll's dreases. itll tia lnife were but a hS irlllont s In youth's bright hours it dseemse'l Ills for the tinme forgotten wander through each valcntt roam ; lieca esid dre?oas now dlead for over.dwell like ghosts amid tile gloone; Ilenc ?nd decay togethor in thile once loved hIome iumust dwell, one are left to claim Ilo dwellinghgthat .colld aeer love it well. rat a few more years shall banish, and. itshall be seen n~o tunes, "oee wIll grow anld dgra wlll:llourishalvhero the honie hail stood befeoe:; Inds will moulrn and lob around it, elollde will frown to sco it fall; laoor. nionoas, soullessedlwelling, yours ie but tile fate of all i 