SERMON BY THE REV. H. E. COOPER. 'In quietness and confidence shall be your strength' (Isa. xxx. 15). .-? :;.r 'Awake! awake I put on thy strength, 0 Zion !' (Isa. lii. 1). I AM. invited to discuss this morning the question, 'What is the duty of the Church in our time and colony ?' The insertion of the last word intimates that there may be special features calling for special effort on the part of the Church here ; but it will be admitted ? that, generally, the conditions are much the same as in Europe and America, reproduced in our far-off, thinly- populated land on a small scale, tinged here and there with local colouring. Our special cir cumstances were so admirably dealt with by the preacher yesterday that I may be the more excused for taking a wider field. First, then, let us ask, ' What is the duty of the Church in regard to the recent advances of natural science ?' Is she to look with jealousy, suspicion, and alarm upon the labours of scientific men ? On the contrary, there are many reasons why she should encourage them, and wait for the ultimate results with calmness and hope. ' In quietness and con fidence shall be your strength.' The Church is ' a witness and a keeper of Holy Writ,' which she believes to have ' proceeded from Him who is the Author of nature.' Surely, then, every new fact concerning the visible universe which is brought to light will be hailed with gladness, and will cause us to ex-^ ? claim, with an intensity of .meaning unthought of by the Psalmist, '0 Lord, how manifold are Thy works, in wisdom hast Thou made them all j the earth is full of Thy richep.' There are men who delight to accentuate the supposed discord between revelation and science, but need we permit ourselves to be disturbed in faith or feeling by conclusions drawn from insufficient premisses 1 For, un doubtedly, if in any case where a comparison can fairly be made there seems to be discord, the cause will be found in a want of accurate knowledge of one or other of the things compared. I say ' where a comparison can fairly be made,' because not unfrequently the two things will lie in totally different planes. In the past, mis takes have been made by scientists as well as theologians, and this mutual liability to err should, induce mutual toleration. And, after all, the extent of the breach has been greatly exaggerated. ITrom an examination of a summary by Sir J. Lubbock, of the principal results of . scientific research within the last half century, the Bishop of Carlisle declares that ' we are reduced to the theory of evolution as the. one possible enemy to the Christian faith,' and you need not to be reminded that he does not at all consider this a real enemy. ' In truth,' he says, ' an ordinary Christian is no more bound to have an opinion on the subject of evolution, than he is bound to have one on the laws of electricity or the stability of ships ; but evolution is in the air ; people talk about it, both those who understand what they _ are talking about and those who do not ; and the suspicion has been evolved that evolution is opposed to the Catholic faith, and that the recognition of evolution as a scientific truth is the same thing as infidelity. God forbid that this should be so ; and especially it devolves upon the clergy and upon all educated men and women to take care that no rash language used by them Bhall have a tendency to strengthen such suspicion. Let them hold fast the faith, and act out the faith in their lives, and let scientific men pursue their course in peace.' In connection with this subject, it may be remembered that certain of the clergy were lately taken to task for speaking of ' the theory of evolution which,' it was said, ' had opened so many locks of nature's arcana, and had been baffled by none, as a fanciful, undemonstrated hypothesis.' If the hypothesis so spoken of included the origin of inan from the lower animals, the said clergy may derive some con solation from an able letter of Dr. Lionel S. Beale, F.R.S., in the Guardian of October 10 th last, in which he affirms that 'the un fathomable hiatus which intervenes between the highest animal and man has not yet been bridged even in thought. The assertion that it has been bridged, in fact, is one of the most cruel and mischievous misrepresentations of scientific evidence which has ever been pressed into popularity, and presented for the acceptance of the credulous and ignorant.' Eeverting to the duty of the Church in this matter, I think she should be careful not to commit herself to any scheme arranged to show the harmony between revelation and science ; such as that, e.g., put forth by Mr. Ackland in his excellent little book on The Story of Creation as told by Theology and Science;' or that, more recently, by Dr. Kinns in his popular and deeply interesting work, Moses and Geology, Such efforts are not without value. They show that with our present knowledge reconciliation is not impossible, but in vien v of the modifications which scientific theories may undergo, it is precarious to build too much upon them. Wise and weighty are the words of the late and much-lamented Clerk Maxwell in a letter to Bishop Ellicott on the creation of light before the sun : — ' I should be very sorry if an interpretation founded on a most conjectural scientific hypothesis were to get fastened to the text in Genesis, even if by so doing it got rid of the old statement of the commentators, which has long ceased to be intelligible. The rate of change in scientific hypothesis is naturally much more rapid than that of Biblical interpretations, so that if an interpretation is founded on such an hypothesis, it may help to keep the hypothesis above ground long after it ought to be buried and forgotten.' With this view agrees Bishop Cotterill, from whose recent treatise, Does Science Aid Faith? I have quoted the words. May we not, then, conclude that, with regard to natural science, the Church's duty, to a great extent, is embodied in our text, 'In quietness and confidence shall be your strength' ? Again, Wliat is the duty of the Church in view of the freedom of Biblical criticism which prevails, whether it.be that which deals with prolegomena or introductions, or that which investigates and seeks to reconstruct the text. So sweeping have been some of the hypotheses put forth that, if tenable, little of what the Christian holds dear would be left. How exhaustive was the process applied to the New Testament by the Tubingen school, which swept away first the miracles, then the authenticity of the writings, then the supernatural origin of Christianity, and last of all the moral character of Christianity ! And yet, to be abreast of the time, we should not now discuss the rise and progress of this school, but rather its decline and fall. The Church, however, has gained even by these attacks, for how much more firmly established is that truth which has stood the fierce light of such criticism ; which, from such a crucible, has come forth as ' silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.' If evidence were needed that the duty of the Church in this matter is that shadowed forth in the text, ' In quietness — not mental inactivity, but tranquillity of soul — and confidence shall be your strength,' it is afforded in the . complete breakdown of the arguments in Supernatural Religion as to the existence of our four gospels in Justin Martyr's time, by the discovery of Ephraem Syrus' commentary on Tatian's Diatessaron. To take one of the most recent contributions to Biblical criticism, I must confess to being fairly startled at the strength of the evidence adduced by Dr. E. A.Abbott to show that the author of 2 Peter had imitated Josephus. It is such as, to use his own words, ' can hardly fail to appear striking, if not convincing. For it exhibits — (1) a very large number of similar words and phrases in the two authors ; (2) these words and phrases are rare or non-existent in the New Testament and LXX.; (3) the groups of similarities between the Epistles and the Antiquities are found in just those portions of the latter which the author of the former would be likely to have studied ; (4) there are four passages which exhibit parallelism of thought. . , Now it is quite possible that these arguments, strong as they are, may be refuted by a strengthening either of the pleas supported by Archdeacon Farrar, that Josephus borrowed from the author ; or of that advanced by Professor Sanday, that the resemblance is ' due to some common teaching in the Jewish schools in which St. Peter or his secretary might have participated as well as Josephus.' But even if, after the fullest investigation, the epistle has to be given up — a result I do not contemplate, for, with Farrar, ' to me it seems impossible to read it without recognising in it an accent of inspira tion' — yet the loss could not be the precursor of others, for the epistle is sui generis as regards external evidence, being by far the most weakly- authenticated book of the New Testament. On the. whole question of criticism I adopt the conclusion of an article, by Professor Henry P. Smith, on The Theories of Wellhausen : 'We wrong the advanced, critics when we simply class them as ' unbelievers,' and assume that their motive in what seems to us daring speculation can only be hostility to what we hold dear. And, besides, we thus weaken our own ability to comprehend them and to see the true issue. While, therefore, it is necessary fpr every one to defend boldly the truth as he sees it, it is also incumbent upon every scholar carefully to examine his own ground and every new position of those who differ from him. It is moat important that he should learn to distinguish what is not settled, and that he should have the courage to say, I do not fawv. True progress comas by means of conflict. Candour, honesty, and patience will tell in the long run, and less danger is incurred by those who wait than by those who run headlong into the fray. The policy of Gamaliel was the true one. . . . How few are his imitators 1 How few can say in view of innovations, ' If this counsel or this work'be of men it will come to nought, but if it be of God ye cannot overthrow it' 1' But, to take a different outlook, what is the duty of the Church in view of abounding indifference, engrossing worldliness, and rampant vice ? Here she must be aggressive ; she must ' awake and put on her strength.' In distress and almost in despair, she may cry out with her ancient prototype, 'Awake ! awake ! 0 arm of the Lord ;' and the answer will- come back, as in our text, for ' the arm of the Lord is not shortened, that it cannot save.' With Him every provision is made, and it is for the Church to avail herself of it. From the apologetic tone sometimes adopted by her members, it would seem as if she were left alone, dependent upon an arm of flesh, equipped only with carnal weapons ; whereas .she is founded upon a Kock ; she is assured of the presence of her Lord even unto the end ; she is the recipient of the Holy Spirit, through whose gracious agency alone her work can be accomplished ; for 'not by might, nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord.' Very definite is her commission — ? to make disciples of those without her pale, and to teach those who are within it — to convert and to edify. And how are these things to be done? Will sinners be converted and saints edified if we follow the advice of many who tell us to throw overboard all dogma, or at least to tone down our dogmatic teaching to suit the fashion or the passing fancy of the age ? Was this the practice of the apostles ? Did they forbear to preach ' Christ crucified' becauso Jews stumbled and Greeks derided? and, further, was not the teaching of our Lord Himself eminently dogmatic ? Dogma underlies even His most ethical discourses, and the germ of all the apostles taught may be found in His words, .-.'.....'? S '.??'.?' ; The term 'dogma' seems to have acquired an ill reputation, so that to mention it is to condemn it. But is there not some confusion of thought in the minds of those who are so impatient of dogma ?, They have probably had experience of the offenBiveness of the man who, in controversy or argument, is intensely dogmatic, and they assume that every dogmatic statement must in like manner be offensive, whereas dogma is one thing and dogmatism quite another ; for what do we under stand by a religious dogma? Prebendary Meyrick (Is Dogma a Neces sity?) defines it to be 'a proposition regarding God or our relations towards Him enunciated by authority and resting on authority, rather than on evidence or on consciousness for its sanction.' Rejecting, then, all dogma as thus defined 'means the substitution of natural theology for Christianity.' It means the rejection of the doctrines of the Trinity, of the Incarnation, of the two natures of Christ, of the personality and divinity of the Holy Spirit, of the prophetical, priestly, and kingly offices of Christ, of the vicarial office of the Holy Ghost, of the sanctifying and trnth-imparting work of the. Holy Ghost. It means the rejection of the record of the human, life of Christ, His ministry, teaching, death, resurrection, ascension. It means the rejection of the doctrine of the atonement, of justifica tion, of holiness, of faith, of sacraments, of spiritual life on earth, of the resurrection of the body, of a future judgment, of everlasting life. Perhaps some of these might be excluded as resting wholly or in part upon evidence, but the list could not be greatly reduced. Now, without these dogmas, let any one try to grapple with the evil which is rife. Let him tell selfish and sensual sinners to be chaste, generous, and good ; let him paint in glowing colours the blessings of truth, purity, and virtue ; let him extol kindness and brotherly love. 'Will he free such souls from the chains that bind them, from the slavery by which they are enthralled ? I trow not. Or let the missionary take this emasculated Christianity, this invertebrate reli gion to the dark places of the earth, to the habitations of cruelty, and by a proclamation of it endeavour to persuade savage races not only to put away their idols, but to live honest, truthful, pure, loving lives. Will he succeed ? I think not, because there is an absence of adequate motives calculated to move degraded beings to such a life ; there is nothing to touch the heart or move the will. But tell them, in all its simple grandeur, the story of the Cross, portray the mighty love of Him who hung thereon— it is this that melts the hardened heart, this that moves to penitence, this that works amendment, this that supplies the power, otherwise wanting, to continue in paths of righteousness. It is no answer to this plea for the necessity of dogma to say that many of the doctrines enumerated above are highly mysterious, for a mysterious truth may be clear in its practical relations. We may not, e.g., be able to deter mine, perhaps not be able to understand the precise way in which Christ made atonement for the sins of the world, and all that is involved in that atonement, but, by faith the soul can grasp the fact and receive the benefit of it. I can conceive of no greater check to the spread of Sentimentalism, Sensualism, and Scepticism in religion than for the Church in this respect to awake and put on her strength in the full maintenance of sound dogmatic teaching. But suffer a word of warning. It is also characteristic of our time to attempt to divorce religion and morality. Many would endeavour to teach morality without theology ; let us be careful lest we are teach ing theology without morality, or that in any way we lay ourselves open to the charge. 'Many a hundred seimous have I heard in England,' says Mr. Fronde ; ' many a dissertation on the mysteries of faith, on the divine mission of the clergy, on apostolic succession, on bishops and justification, and the theory of good works and verbal inspiration, and the efficacy of the Sacraments ; but never during these thirty wonderful years, never one that I can recollect, on common honesty, on those primitive commandments — Thou shalt not lie, and thou shalt not steal.' To this charge it might be suffi cient to say, with Young : — 'Talk they of morals 1 Oh, Thou bleed ing love, thou Maker of new morals to mankind ; the grand morality is love of Thee.' Or with St. Augustine — 'Only love, and do what Thou wilt.' For Christian morality is embodied in the holy life of Him who is 'not only a sacrifice for siri, but also an ensample of godly life ;' and the man whose soul is seized with an entrancing love of the Saviour will be so intent upon following in His footsteps as to be incapable of the fraud censured by Mr. Froude in the paragraph preceding my quotation. But ia the charge true 1 The words were spoken in 1869, and whilst one cannot but think that the experience of the speaker was almost unique even in regard to his ' thirty wonderful years,' it is impossible to conceive of such a case in the twenty-five years since. The ten commandments, the Sermon on the Mount, the ethical portions of the Epistles are constantly the subjects of pulpit- teaching. And it is more than ever incumbent upon us to speak out boldly on such themes, at the same time remem bering that true morality is a fruit produced by the tree of a right faith, a building founded upon religions doctrines. Cut down the tree and where will be the fruit ; undermine the foundations, and what becomes of the house? Even Mr. Froude in another essay tells us that ' belief and practice tend in the long run, and in some degree, to cor respond.' Yes, 'by their fruits ye shall know them.' How infinitely important then that each member of the Church should be careful to show in his life that the legitima'e outcome of faith in the great doctrines of revelation is the purest, highest, and best morality. I would liked to have touched upon the duty of the Church in view of the pressure of grave social questions upon the importance of the adaptation of organisation and machinery to the circumstances of the time, and upon the absolute necessity of -union in all essentials, but time forbids. If the Church but remember what is the true source of her strength, if in all things she give honour to the Holy Spirit ; if she hold fast the cardinal truths of Scripture ; if sbo mirror forth and magnify her Lord ; if she bo trustful and tranquil, alert and active, all .embracing in her sympathies and energetic in prosecuting her mis sion then, although at times she may bo obscured by passing clouds, she shall come forth as the dawn, fair as the moan, clear as the sun, .and awe-inspiring as the bannered hosts. 