ANAMUSIHSCASE IN THE POLICE COURT. An amnsmg caso was heard yesterday afternoon at tho' Oily police Oouft, beforo tho Police Sfngis- tratc,'Mr. ,CalJ, A yootig duid of. respectable aproaranco, named Harry Cfauild Winfers, de scribed a i a gymnast, was charged by his mothcr-indaw, Mra. Blizaboth Shepherd, -with stealing her faruiturei which she valued at £40. Mr. Morgan appeared forf the prosecution. Tho complainant, an elderly woman, -who had takou oat a warrant anil had tlio prisoner arrested, said sho was a widow, r'aua carried her living aa a dress innkflr. ShoouB:d:i'to;Iive '-'at 4 Pclham-strcet, Carlton. Tho prisoner and - his wifo - lived thcro also, as ho had no- homo of his own. On the 10 tu Jjiiy. she, left tho ' Iiqueq to go into ssrvico, the prisonor having charge of tho fqmi- turo. - On thelfltlijinst,, having' left her place, show&nt; onok to tho bouse to seo if all wa3 right, when sad found thp. bouse empty, arid discovered that all the 'furnitures bad been removed to-ari auction room in Bqurke-street. She went there und saw several things which beloneod to hefV ln cross-examination by the accused sho admittod having told li:m, tho night boforo bo was marriod. that his wire was not' really lior daughter, and that tho girl's mothor wag in England, She would swear now tuut the girl was lier daughter. The reason she told prisoner this falsehood wa9 that the girl, who was a notorious liar; had bogged of hor to say so, Thoro had beon a bili of 'sale i ovor tho furniture, but it was cleared off and settled. 1The prisonor had paid " tho rent of the house. John B. Davidson salesman to his brother, an auctioneer, proved that tho prisonor brought certain gooffs to be sold which woro worth about £7, and wore sold at auction tho same day, realising £4 16s. 2d. The complainant ca'.iod at the auction room bo foro ail tho tilings woro token away, and claimed some, but did not forbid their removal. For the defonco the prisonor colled Stnart Bell, a hair dresser, livinc iu Bcrkoie'y.streot, who remem bered, whilst visiting tho houso, hearin" Mrs. Shophord say that hor son-in-law (the -accused) need not bo so hard on hor as to tarn hor out, S3 sho.had givon him all tho fnrnitnroin lieu of the rent which ho paid. That occurred about fivo weeks ago. Tho accused's brother, S. L. Winters, was then callod, ntid cave some extraordinary cvidouce. Ho announced himsolf as a professional "sword swallowcr" and contortionist, and per former on the horizontal bar. Ho had boon staying at tho Criterion Hotel. Tho complainant, Mrs. Bfaepbord, was a hcliovcr in ghosts and spirits, and hold conversations with the latter. On one occasion, whilst ho and his brother (tho prisonor, were in tho houso together, they heard a noise which so alarmed thom that they concealod themselves in a cupboard, taking weapons of defonco in caso of it boing burglars breaking into tho place, Whilst socrotcd in tho cupboard, pooping though tho cracks, thoy saw Mrs. Shopherd and a litlio girl enter, who forthwith darkened the bonso, and oallo-i out to tho spirits in affectionate terms. Tho prisoner being a bit of a ventriloquist, answered her from tho cupboard " in a vontriloquial voice," sayiug " Yos, doar," whon sho askod if a spirit was pre sent. . Then Mrs. Shepherd adjured the spirits, aud said she mortally and bitterly hated' her son- in-law, and mentioned in tho course of hor col loquy with tho ghost-ly beings sho was in imagi nation addressing that sho was in lovo with an old gent., who reciprocated-" her 'affoction 1 and would marry hor. Mr. Call'lioro interposed with tho remark, " What wa3 said about the furni/ ture ; to whom did it belong:"" The witness then, in a long rumbling . account of the inter.viow-be- tweon Mrs. Shsphord and tho spirits, said tho former hal distinctly owned to having given up the furniture, and ..wanted the ghost to aid her in "putting a. ballet through the prisoner and helping . her aftorwards if convicted end sootcncul to bo hanged for ' raurdor " to dio liko a brave woman!" All the while this spiritualistic' conversation was going' on a jingling noise was hoard in tho cabinet; where the two brothers wero concealod fooling the woman. After listening with extraordinary pationce to o-good deal of this pocutisr ovidcnco, tho bench dismissed the caso, and ordorcd the accused to lo set at liberty. 