THE MERCURY. MONDA Y MORNING, DEO. 1, 188/}. -? THE remarks whioh were made tho other day relativo to the propor course to be taken by the Government m regard to tho manufacture of rolling-stock in the Colour, appear to havo excited several well-meaning persons very much, BO much BO, in fact, that they have quito lost sight of what we did say. Ono gentleman is pleased to say that wo havo been "got{ at" by Mr. GRAM, a Northern paper deolares that the idea of Mr. GRANT competing with the Government is absurd, and also that wo are in a* fog, and havo made "wild1' statements. We have" read with due care what our very positive oritica have ,to say about us, and r wo feel bound to reply, and to show, that tho fog and the wild statements are all on their own side. In fact, judging by the way in which they write, we should say that what they do not want is open competition forthomanufaoture of rolling stock in this Oolony. What 'thoy really seek is, to get the rolling- stock made at the Government workshops at Launces- ton, and they are so bent upon this as to forget what is the duty of tho Govern- ment in auch a case, and what is for ' the best interests of the Colony as a whole., So far as wo are concerned, we do not care where the rolling-stock ia made, we onlydosire to seo it made, If possible, in this Colony, to tbe(very best advantage. To this end, we suggested, and ws insist, that it is the duty of the ""Government to learn what can be done by open tenders in an open market, only such conditions being made as will, secure the Government against having an inferior article passed off upon it. Though this business is new to this Colony, it is not at all new to thoso who have bad ex- perience in railway matters in the other Colonies, whore what is proposed to be done hore has been in actual operation or many years. In Victoria the Govern- ment Bupphos auch parts of tho rolling stock as cannot be made to advantage in that Colony, and then the whole business is thrown open to general competition. Tenders are invited from anyone who desires to send thom In, and the result is, that the work done, presumably, in the best and cheapest manner. At al levents, tho Government of that Colony has never seen reason to alter its method of getting the work done, and wo are quito- Büro that the people of that Oolony would never tolerate any proposal to have the work carried out at any of tho Government workshop!. In fact, the railway workshops there are regarded as most expensive and inefficient, although the heads of tho various railway departments insist that they are a model of economy, and have always regarded the open tendering in the Oolony as'a nuisance and a slur upon themselves. I This is tbo^ naturo \tiipoffloUls aï^all timèijj and > eVeiyjrhere.V 'They,' ^aro always peeking to ^magnify 'their - own functions. They hate^ny i^doparturo from tholr established routiner-They want things kept snug and comfortable ; above, all, thoy dread the fresh brcoio.pf open and publio competition blowing oway the musty atmoBphore in which thoy delight to dwell. On the other hand, our expoiienco, and not only ours, but the ex- perience of tho whole world, convinces ui, that the moat ohoap and officient way in wh'ch to got Governmental work dono ia, to teat the open market, to BOO what. pri- vate enterprise is capablo of ; to give .cope to onorgy and ekill ; to giro indus- trially na well as montally a free carear to ability wherever it is to bo found. And, this is all that we have proposed that the Government BIIOII do in referenco to tho manufacture of rolling-stock in the Colony. We detiro, now, to call attention to what wo did say on the subject, which our critics, offioial and otherwise, have not takon the trouble to keep in mind, I or, it may be, found that there was some inconvenience in doing so. One critic, who ought to have boen able to see the point, has a long dissertation on tho quality of the blackwood grown in difforont parts of the Island, and says that the price given by us does not apply to "blackwood proper." Our informa- tion comos from a source which does not leavo much room for doubt as to its correctness, whatovor the official view of the matter may be, but It seems to be necessary that wo should point ont that the price and quality of the wood in question io notât all affect our argument. Wo said that blackwood of an equal quality to that in stock in the Government shops could bo got at a lower price, and argued that {' if this correct," it is unfair to insist that Contractor» should uso the Government^ material.'., i If our information is wrong," ¿hen the tenderers' couldi not put in a price ,that would be'lower than that'for which the Government cab do the work, and there would be an end of the business. All we ask is, ¿hat they shall be allowed to show what they can do: In all these casos, there is a ' Btrlct Government inspection, to seo that material of the pro- per quality is used, and all tenders sent in would bè'fratnod in view of this fact. Wo are told''that the, carriages aro to be built of Huon pine, which may or may not be a wise decision, but it does not at all affect what wa said. If the} tenders are Invited for carriages made of pine the same course should bo pursued, that is, there should bo free and open compe- tition, BO that the Oolony may know what cm be done] and may get the very best value for ita money. ' And, lastly, as to the allegations that we havo been "got at" by Mr. GRANT, and that it ÍB absurd to suppose that he can compete with tho Government. We morely gavo Mr. GRANT'S name as onoi amongst others, who Is propared to go to open competition, and we fail to soo how a number of ex park statements about his inability to do the work can be re- garded as an answor to what wo said, Thore aro, we know, other persons who fancy,i themaelvos to be very much superior, and to be ablo ; to do Government work much better, and if so, why aro they afraid of the competi- tion we propose 1 If Mr. GRANT, or any- body elso, and wo know that thero are others in the field, chooses to go to the trouble and expense of tendering; why should he not bo allowed to do BO here as ,ho would he in any othor part of tho world J If he cannot do the work In the manner and at the price requirod, if he cannot compoto successfully with the present critica, or those who inspire them, he will have to retire, and the others will only shine with additional lustre. But we object, most decidedly, to take the critics' at their own valuation. Let them stand tho test of honest competition. Let thom como out into the light of day, and lot tho best man win. This is the only way in which a valuable industry will be established in this Oolony, and wo must say that wo aro surprised to find journalists seeking to keep up a bolo and corner fashion of getting work dono, which is to bo tho nucleus of greater things to icomo, and of a possible development of an industry in which this Colony ought to bo af least equal to any of the others, because of the splendid raw material it contains. WE published on Saturday tho statemont of, tMr. Henry, collector of real estate duties at_ Launceston, in answer to the finding of the Board, (whieh recently reported on the way in which Mr. Henry had performed his duties. It will be rcmomberod that the , finding of tho Board was generally adverso to Mr, Henry, who waa stated not to havo carried out the syBtom of keeping his ac- counts .prepared for him, and genorally to 'havo allowed his business to drift into a state of terrible muddle. Mr. Henry in his long reply enters into an elaborate explanation 'of various matters, which goes to prove that tho office has been in a chaotic condi- tion for some considerable time, and that there has not boen the most ordinary super- vision, On other points Mr. Henry has a great deal to say which is intended to traverso the conclusions arrived at by tho Board, but wo do not see how h'lB statements can" bo accepted as a reply to the finding of gentlemon who must be presumed to havo taken the whole of the evidence fully into consideration. On one point Mr. Henry oontradieta the statement of tho Board point blank, for ho says that no system of check was provided for him, and -that ho knew nothing about this Bystom until the 7th April, 18S4, when he immediately caused it to be brought into -operation. On this I point the ! whole weignt of evidence j seems - to be against him, and ho can (hardly expect that his mere'denial will be accepted as disproving the i very posi- tive Information which was beforo the Board. It is not deslrablo that we should go into the various points which ho has raisod in his defence, as wo Bhould then be per forming the very work which the Board was 'spocially appointed to do, and which wo must presume that it has dono proporly, and with ali due regard to tho evidence beforo it. We have no doubt that Ministers will givo full weight)fo all that.Mr. Henry allégée, that what no has to Bay in extenua- tion of the conclusions of the Board will bo duly considered, but the fact remains that a' most nndoubted muddle 'Was. found to exist, fcr which the collector is held ti be responsible. About this thero seems to bo no manner of doubt, and tho most favourable viow that can be taken of tho matter is, that Mr. Henry got into a state of confusion, which led to the chaotic condition in which the affairs, of the office were found tobo. It is evident,, also, that if' there had been proper supervision this state of affah-B could not have arisen at all, or could not havo lasted .long. For this the commissioner seems to bo to blame. Had he fulfilled proporly the duties of his posi- tion, he would havo, discovered, that the work was not ¡going ton in,a satisfactory manner, and he,would have rinsiated that I the office should at once be put'in proper order. Thoro'appoars^to have boen' neglect all round, and ' consequently muddhr'all round, if nothing worte,| f CABLE NEWS.-The French Chamber of Deputies havo decided on a rigid enforce- ment of the Treaty of Tientsin. A dynamite outrage in County Korry is reported. Tho intended victims woro an agent and tho members of his family. His houso was much damaeed, but tho inmates escaped un- hurt. Sir Hercules Robiuson, Govomor of Capo Colony, has rcturnod there after a somewhat lengthened absence. It is said that tlio concessions made to tho Boera by the Government to Bottlo tho Bechuanaland difficulty have not mot with public approval. Tho International Conforenco'on tho Congo question is proceeding satis- factorily. INWARD OMKOT MAILS.-Tho Orient Co.'s steamship John Elder, with the in- coming English mails, cnteicd Port Phillip Heads at G'25 p.m. on Saturday last, and was expected to reach Hobson's Bay about 11 p.m. Tho Tasmanian portion of tho mails will bo brought on by the B.B. Pateena, which is timed to loavo Melbourno, for Launceston, at 2 p.m. this day. TnB NEW GUINBA PROTKCTOIUTB.-His Excollonoy tho Governor on Wednesday last received the following despatch from Earl Derby, Secretary of State for the Colonios : -" Downing-street, October 15, 18S4. Sir, -I have the honour to transmit to you for communication to your Government a copy of a letter which I havo caused to be ad- dressed to the Amiralty, and from which you will observs that Her Majesty's Govern- ment have decided that the establishment of Her Majesty's protectorate over the southern coast of New Guinea and the adjacent islands, ns announoed by the Pi imo Minister in the Houso of Commons at tho ond of the late session of Parliament, should > now bo proclaimed, and that the Lords Commis missionors of the Admiralty havo boen re- quested to take the necessary stops for carrying tho decision into execution. I hope to address you very shortly a furthor, com- munication in regard to the measures which will havotebotakeninordertorenderthepro tectorato effective, and, until the necessary ar- rangements have boen mado, it is desirablo that it should bo generally known that, as stated iu tho letter from this department' to tho Admiralty, no persons will be permitted to Bettie or acquiro: ground within the pro- tectorate, unless expressly authorised by an officer of Hor Majesty's Government This obviously important requirement is in ac- cordance with tho 4th resolution of tho In- tercolonial Conference of 1883, respecting relations with tho Pacific islands.-I "havo tho honour, etc, DBRBV." ' i ' j TUE FEDTOAL ADDRESSES.-His Excel oncy the Governor, on Wednesday lost, re- ceived a despatch from Earl Derby, Secre- tary of State for the Colonies, to tho fol- lowing effect t-" Downing- strcet, > October 13, 1884. Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of your despatch No. 49 of the 26th July, enclosing addresses to the Quoen from tho House of Assembly and the Legislative Council of Tasmania, praying that Hor Majesty will be graoiously pleased to causo a measure to be submitted to the Imperial Parliament for tho purpose of con- stituting a Federal Council of Australia, upon tho basis of the draft bill adopted by the Convention, hold in Sydney in the months of November and Decomber, 1S83 I have laid tbeso addresses before Har Majesty, who was pleased to rocoivo thom very graciously, and tho subject of them is Receiving' the careful consideration of Her Majesty s Government. I have the honour, etc, DERDÏ," ( \ VOLUNTEER MATTERS. - Wo recently called attention to the fact that thcro is now nothing to prevont tho officors of the volunteer force who rosigned, becauso they roccived pay, from returning to their corps, as the item for payment in futuro had been struck out in the Assembly. Acting en this information, a member of the S.T.V.A., has been getting a requisition signed, asking tho officers who resigned to roturn to their old positions. The unhappy gunner who took the business in hand has boen, however, severely reprimanded by his commanding officer for this, and is, we understand, threatened with divers pains and ponaltios. Wo do dot know why this is thus, for tho gentlemen referred to were vory useful members of tho force, and they could but bo a great acquisition to it by re- suming their old positions. VOLUNTEERS.-A full day parado of the Artillory Corps was held on Saturday. Sixty-one rank and file, with ono lieutenant, assembled at the drillyard, undor the com- mand of Captain Evans. The men marched to the Franklin Wharf, and embarked on board the s.s. Colleen Bawn which, with a boat in tow, took them to Sandy Bay Point, where a landing was effected, and the steamer returned to town. The regiment proceeded to the Alexandra battery, the first move on reaching it being to get under the covered way, out of a heavy shower of rain which came on. As soon as the rain ceased, arms and accoutrements were taken off, and work was commenced at parbuckling the 7m. guns to a position ready for mount- ing. Good progress was made, considering the difficulty attendant upon working m wet earthworks.,,Tho march homo was agree- ably passed, and soveral amateur vocalists in tho regiment rendered popular songs, with chorus, ad lib. Town was reached m good time, and the men dismissed about 7 p.m. . ELECTION OF ALDERMEN-It 'is notified that nominations for the coming elections, will be received from tho 4th until the 8th ¡nat., and elections will take place on tho 11th inst. of aldermen, to fill tho places of Aldermen Marah, Watchorn, and Harbottle. \ THE CATHOLIC STANDARD.-With cus- tomary promptitude this, publication for tho current month is in the hands of subscribers. Its leading article combats the assumption put forth by Bishop Sandford, in his recent synodical address, that tho Church of Eng- land can bo aught else than a creature of tho Stuto, and made by Aot of Parliament. ,A.B.C. GUIDE,-Donnolly's handy little guido for tho current, month has been issued, ' j PHARMACEUTICAL -On Friday laBt an examination in pharmacy, chemistry, otc, toos nineo at the General Hospital, before the Court of Medical Examiners,jin whioh Mr. J. Ryan passed a vory creditable exami- nation,) Mr. Ryan has served his apprentico sbip_ with the firm of_ Messrs..Drako and Co.,~üf Elizabeth street.' , | A TRUE MERIDIAN.-In-the report of the monthly meeting of the Royal ¡society of Tasmania, which appeared in- Saturday's issue, Mr. H. C. Kingsmill, M.A., _ ¡B credited with a paper "On tho determination of a New Meridian.". The objoot of tho papor will bo moro intelligible when it is Btatcd that tho words should have been "a irue'meridian." CORRECTION.-Wo aro ' desired by Coun- cillor Young to correct a statement which, appeared in Friday's issue an to his stating at the Clarence Municipal Council mooting on Thursday, thattbat was tholastopportunity he would havoof addressing thecounoil. What Mr. Young said was, it would bo the last opportunity if ho was not re-oleoted. ! COOLIN- MOTH -Tho Union Steamship Co., by i their agents, Messrs. Macfarlane Bros."and Co., notify in their shipping an- nouncements aB follows :-" By roeent regu- lations all'fruit arriving in Now Zealand will bo subject to Government inspection and dostoyed or prevented from landing if ifound infected withCodlin Moth." i PARATTAH SPORTS, OATLANDS STATION. Wo aro requested to call attention to tho fact that tneso sports will'tako place on New Year's Day next, and will be altogothor distinct from the Oatlands sports, which have been fixod to tako place on Boxing Day, December 20, at the Parattah town- ship. The promoters of the two gatherings should liavo chosen Bomo moro distinctive appellations to avoid confusion. j CïOiJvo.-Tho first papor chase in con- nection with the Tasmanian Bicyclo Club, took place on Saturday, The following members assembled at the post office at 2'30 p. m :-Messrs. F. P. Wilkinson, Chas. Davis, T. Hood, D. Salier, W. A. Finlay, M. Montgomorio, A. D. Muirhead," W. F. Pretyman, and W. A. Prctyman (vice-cap.), Messrs W. JF. Pretyman and ,-A. D. Muir hoa'd'were appointed foxes. They received a'start of 8 minutes, and with a plentiful supply «f papor, proceeded along Elizabeth and Liverpool streets towards the Domain, and then orossod over by the oriokct ground to New Town, then down Elizabeth-street, and made for Sandy Bay, then home by Macquarie-stroot to the starting place, Tho hunters were unable to catch the foxes on account of the wind causing them to miss tho trail in many places, but the run throughout was brisk and enjoyable. ¡HOSHTAL ITEMS.-Margaret Currie (22) was attended to for a cut brow at the Hos- pital on Saturday. Joseph Noble, a minor's son, residing at New Town, was brought iu suffering from a cut fingor, caused by a blow from a tomahawk. The wound was dressed. Louis Webb, farmer's son, irom Bagdad, had a wound on his log, caused by a ¡¡tab with a knife, attendod to and dressed. Elias Woolley was treated for a wound on the face, caused by the limb of a tree falling on him, and Eliza Richards was conveyed and detained'in the institution, suffering from the effect of a brokon leg, the result of her accidentally falling'down on the street. . 'APPLICATIONS IN CHAMBERS.-Mr. W. R. Giblin appoarcd boforo His Honor tho "Aoting-Chiof Justico in Chambers on Satur- day morning, on behalf of tho dofendant in tho case of Knight v. Riddoch, in support of a summons for particulars of demand. Mr. A. Dobson appeared for tho plaintiff. Tho order was granted, but confining tho par- ticulars within cortaiu limitB. In the bank- ruptcy jurisdiction, in tho estate of F. J. Odoll, Mr. Laughton applied for. on injune I tion restraining the execution creditor from proceeding on the judgment, and for tho appointment of a rcccivor in the estate. ,Mr. Mitchell (Dobson and Mitchell) ap- peared for tho execution creditor. An ordor was mndo in tho terms of tho petition, and | Mr. Henry Ansell was appointed rccolver and managor, pending tho appointment of trustees by tho orcditors. Cur POLICE COOUT.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. Young, J.P., attended at the City Police Court ou Saturday morning. John Sullivan, for disturbing tho peace, and his wife, Johanna, for being drunk and dis- orderly, wore fined 10s. Gd. or 14 days, and 5s., or Bevon days, respectively. A girl named Margaret Ward pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing a tablo-cloth, the property 'of Mary Ann Groon, on the 23rd ult. She was ordorod to find ono surety of £10 for her good behaviour for six months. i ANNUAL LIOBNSINO MKUTINO.-The an- nual lioensing oonrt will bo held in Hobart, 'at tho Mayor's Court, at 10 o'olock this morning. Applicants for renewals and transfers are required to appear personally, and will do woll to be punctually in at tendance. BREAM CREEK.-To-day the annual liooni. lug meeting will bo held at Sorell, and moro than usual interest attaohos to tho proceedings, from the fact that an appli- cation will bo made for licensing a new hotel at Coppington, the application being supported by a memorial bearing,the signa- tures of many residents in the district. Against this, however, another memorial is to be prcaontcd, bearing, it is said, a much largor array of names, and the subject has given rise to much local discussion. , SOUTHBRN TASMANIAN CRIOKBÏ ASSOOIA tioN,-At a mooting of the above association, held on Friday, 28th nit., it was decided that an effort should be made to obtain the funds to build a now public pavilion to goat thojDUtor circle, and to make an ash bicycle track, a bowling green, nnd new tennis court upon the now oricket ground. It was de- cided that tho president and leading «ftfrons should bo invited to como forward and guarantee certain fixed sums of sayfrem £25 to £100, and that on this guarantee a bank loan should bo obtained. It was stated that soveral gentlemen interested in tho move- ment had already promised, and hope» wero indulged in tliat a well directed effort to obtain tho required guarantee would bo suc- cessful. The object which the committee havo in viow is certainly ouo in which every person in Hobart is interested, and tho committee may be commanded for having adopted this straightforward pro- position for testing publio. feeling in the matter, instead of attempting to raise money by debentures. ' ' THE ORAL GOSPEL.-At the Davey-Btieet Congregational Church, last ovening,' the Rev. Geo. Clarke' delivered the third of a series of Sunday ovening lectures on " Tho Oral Gospel.'1 The first leoure dwelt ospeoially on the reality and Importance of this oral gospel ; the second on Its sub stanoe and character) and the one,given last evening en the ovidonce by which that gospel was confirmed. After recapitulating the circumstances under which tho oral gospel was first received, and the marvellous fruits of its teachings, avon in the same generation, so that within 30 years the gospol had planted churohea in all the con- siderable towns of tho Roman Empire, the preacher proceeded to a consideration of both the direct and indirect evidence by which tho gospel'was oonfirmed. Tho cir- cumstances of Ufo, doath, and resurrection of JOSUB Christiwero toatificd to, not by one Apostlo, but by several; and whilo the Apostles might havo been'docoivers, they could not posBibly have been self- deceived, Tho Apostles wore competent oyo-witnesses of theso things, but those Galilean fishormen wero not competont to invent the life of Jesus Christ, and to forgo a system of ro ligiou such as Christianity. To assert that they vero, was morely to transfer to them all the spiritual wisdom, genius, and power attributed to Jesus Christ; it supposed a miracle by them more confounding than anything to be found in tho Bible. Nothing in the previous literaturo or history of tho world could afford a basis for such a hugo fabrication, and it was preposterously incredible to imagino that even tho rabbis of that day could havo produced such a work. What such an attempt would rosu't in was abundantly proved by the fate of the pseudo gOBpels propounded during tho next two ceuturies. If Jesus Christ did not say the sayings attributed to him, who did say thom ? It w ould toko a Shakospoare to forgo Shakes- peare, and a Newton to forge Nowton ; and-ho said it with all rovorenco- it would tako a Tesus Christ to forge Jesus Christ. Then as to character, the Uves and teach- ings of tho Apostles, their' sufferings for the cause of the highest truth, all rendered it improbable, if not impossible, that their | professiouB wero founded on a falsehood which thoy themselves must have known to bo such. Tho indirect testimony was con- tributed by the oarly followers of Christ, who heard the story from the Apostles' lips, and wero ablo to judge of thoir dispositions and character. A third kind of evidence of tho truth of the gospel was its own intrinsic testimony, and the fact that its teachings agreed with the h ¡ghost, best, and deepest that wo feel and know. Christianity sounded the depths of our uaturo such as no other religion has dono, uithor before or since. In conclusion, the lecturer roferrod to the in- consistencies of tho gospel narratives ; but, admitting tho discrepancies, he contended they did not at all affect tho vital issue Nothing was stable but truth, and by that standard Christianity had been tcsto'd. | ST. DAVID'S FLOWER SERVICE -A floral sorvico was held yesterday afternoon in St. David's Cathedral, conducted by tho Right Rev. 'Dr. Sandford, Bishop of Tasmania, as- sisted by the Rev.'J. H. W. Woolluough and the ;Rev. H. C. Hancock, J Contrary to the general custom tho church was not decorated m any way. Thero was a very large atton dnuco, the gi cater portion boing children, to whom the service was specially addressed. Amongst those present were all the juveniles from the St. David's Sunday school, Collins street Sunday school, and tho Girls' Indus- trial School. Each of the children brought a bunch of flowers, which were afterwards distributed amongst tho inmates of tho General Hospital and tho Invalid Dopât, New Town. Tho Bishop ' took < iori his text, " Consider the lillies of the field," and delivered a Bimplo and appropriate address, by which he gained and retained thoialten tion of his hearers throughout. . Special hymns suitable to the occasion wore dis- tributed amongst the congregation. >Tho prayers wore intoned by tho Rev. Mr. Woollnough, whilst the lessons wero road by 'tho Rev. Mr. Hancock. The sar vico was closed by the Benediction being pronounced. A very beautiful and varied 'collection of flowers was to bo seen at the altar rails, where the childron deposited thoir floral< offerings. An offertory, amounting to £12, wnB made in aid of the funds of the St. David's Mission Chapel. [MEMORIAL1 CONORKOATIONAL, CHURCH. Tho newly-appointed minister, tho'Roy. G. W. Sharp, commenced his ministry yesterday in the Memorial Congregational Church, preach' ing both morning and ovening, Thero wore large congregations, àu'd'Mr. Sharp delivered two able sermons. To-morrow evening a welcome tea., meeting to tht 1 newly-electod pastor will be hold in the Memorial Hall. I ST. ANDREW'S CHURCH.-U salo of useful and ornamcHtal goods, in a di of this church, will bo held at St. John's schoolroom, Macquarie-strcet, on tho 3rd and 4th inst, i YOUNO MEN'S CHRISTIAN! ASSOCIATION. The usual gospel temperance entortainmont was held at the Association rooms en Satur- day ovening, 20th ult., tho room being crowded. Tho Rev. W. H. Bowo occupied tho chair, and opened the meeting with a very oarncst ad (ress. Tho following ladies and gentlemen contributed songs and recita- tions :-Reading, Mr. Riohards ; song, Mrs. Richardson ; recitation, Mr. Ralph Barnett ; song, Mr. li. B. Innes ; vocal duet, Missos Cramp and Kelnon ; recitation, Mr. Cochead ; song,)ilr. W. H. Barnett, TboRov. Harris, of Franklin, delivered a very humorous and spirited address, inviting all who had not signed tho pledgo to do BO at.once. Mr. Macfarlano also addressed the meeting, and spoke at some length on tho evil habits of intemperance. Miss Marsh kindly acted as accompanist. Before tho meeting oloscd several came forward and signed tho pledge. QUEFN'BOROUO'll ' CoVVALEiioKNT HOME. Wo aro asked to remind our readers of tho meeting to bo hold this' aftornoou at 4 o'clock m tho Alliance Rooms, Maoquirio street, re Convalescent Homo. It is hopod that tile public «ill show, by their presence and support, their appreciation of this effort to supply tho waut long felt for such an institution in this island, tho neighbouring colonies each possessing similar homes.': ', rr RANUNCULUS.-Somo beautiful specimens of this flowor havojieen left at ,our office'by Mr. V. Marshall of Long" Bay, who may certainly claim pride'of placo for producing this gem of the parterre in perfection. ;_, SCOTCH CoNOKitT.-A Scotoh concert, under the nnspicus of tho Philharmonie Socloty, will bo hold this evening, at which those with a tasto for bngpipo munie will havo ample oportunity of gratifying thoir desire. Mr. J nines Mcliao, described as a skilful Scotch piper, is announced to " skirl tho pibrooh, and, doubtloss, thoro will bo a goodly ottendimco of thoso hailing from, or haviug affinity with, " the laud of tho mountain and tho flood." Tho pro- gramme of the concert appoarB in our advertising columns, and it is notified that it is nn extra conçoit, subscribers'tiokots ,wlU not avail. ' MATTHEWS' CIRCOS.-This evening, Mat thowB* Circus commoncos what promises to ha a very successful six nights season in Hobart. Tho cntcrtainmont has been pro- nounced in other places to bo vory clovor, aud many of tho icats introduced ure said to bo much abovo tho average of circus perfor- mances. The tent is pitched on tho Railway Rosorvo, and overy caro has beon taken to mako tho arrangements complete and con- venient for visitors. Notwithstanding othor attractions at prosont in the city, the circus will, doubtless, rccoivo its fair measure of support. j KxniDiTioN Boii.uiNd.-For a fow nights thiB popular plaoo of resort will be closed, | os Mr. J. S. Smith, who has boen to Mel- bourne and Sydney to ongago fresh novelties, has not yet returned. Probably ho may bo on board tho B.S. Flora with a new company, and in such casa the ro oponing of the build- ing will be at onoa announced. TUB NEW ZEALAND DIRROT MAIL SER- VICE,-An agreement has just boon con- cluded bstwoon tho Goverumont of Now Zealand and the Now Zealand Shipping Co., and ratified hy tho Jlonao of Representatives for the conveyance of mails by direot Bteom ers to England. Tho company undcrtako to maintain a four-weokly Borvice, alternating with the San Froncisco mails, thuB giving Now Zealand a regular fortnightly commu- nication with England. Tho oontract timo is 45 days hame, and 42 days out, the com- pany receiving a bonus of £5 por hour if tho voyage is done in leBsthan contract time, and being subject to a fine of £4 per hour if thoy aio behind timo. Tho company aro to bo paid for conveyance of mail matter at tim follow- ing rates :-Lotters, 12s, per lb.; packets, Is. per lb.; newspapers, Od. per lb. All moil matter posted between the despatch of the San Francisco mail and tho sailing of ths compon;'s vessels will, unless otherwise specially advertised, bo forwarded by tho contract vessels. It is estimated that tho postages will bring in about £13,000 a year io the company, who will also earn some- thing additional in tho way of bonuses, as their steamers can easily perform tho trips out and home in less than tho contraot time. One effect of tho contract will bo to I practically put a stop to' tho despatch of , New Zealand letters by the P. and 0. route, for which £8,000 was paid by this colony to the Victorian Government last year, while it was anticipated that that amount would havo to be doubled this year in consequenco of the English Post Offico declining to detain letters for the San Francisco route, as desired by tho Now Zealand, authorities. Now the formor will bo requested to forward mall matter by tho diroot steamers. THE TIMES CORRESPONDENT, IN EGYPT. With rofaronco to the lato Air. Powor, The Times correspondent, who " rorishod with Colonol Stewart and _ M. Herbin In tho dosort south of Borb'or, a correspondent writes to the Argus :-" I saw a good deal of little Power in London two years ago. He was tho model of a good- natured, warm- hearted, plucky, thriftless young Irishman. Short, broad- shouldered, and activo in build, very boyUh-looking, with coal-blaok ' hair, dark oyes, and ruddy complexion, he seemed little moro than 20 years of agc. Ho novor set up for a Crichton,, and was singularly unpretending, and oven shy in manner. If ho could bo induced to talk ho was worth listening to, I remember hearing him sneak at au anti-vaccination debate, ana he gave a most thrilling account of an épidémie of small pox among tho Turkish troops at Shumla, whore ho was Bhut up for some months during the Russo Turkish war. In ono Turkish division nono of tho men bad boen vaccinated, and they died like dios ; ho described the frightful scenes which took place. In tho other crops undor Ghazi Osman'» command, tho mon wera drawn up on pirado on certain days, and all vaccinated nolcnavolcns. Thoy scarcely had a death from small-pox. Power was gonerally opposed to his London com patroits on tho Irbsh question, as he was a staunch Catholic pf what might bo called the old school, and lie had a fierce aversion to the modern Yankee-Fenian patriot ; but he novcr made any enemies. Just beforo ho carno to London in tho early spring of 18S2 he had a sort of encounter with tho aftor wards notorious James Caroy. Powor was walking along the quay near the Royal bar- racks one morning, and in front of him was a, little bugler boy belonging to tho Rifle Brigade Caroy, who had shortly before been «looted town councillor, came along with soino of his companions, very drunk and valiant. Ho soiled hold of the bugler, cursed him, and was about to strike him whon Powor interfered, and got the boy out of Carey's clutches, using pretty vigorous language-as ho could 'do whon roused. Power had studied at an art school, and he had a good oye for colour and effect, but ho had no notion whatever of drawing correctly. When I knew lum ho was trying to get back into tho Austrian service, and meantime was making a living by doing water colour Bketohes for a firm in Regent Circus, little military and theatrical sub- jects, on grey paper-no great inorit. Tho last timo I saw lum he talked of going to Egypt as correspondent for au illustrated paper, the Pictorial World 1 think. It oc- curred to mo that it was tho accident of his being the only man available in Khartoum whioh brought lum into connection witli The Timen. THE OSPREY AND SIR ROGER TICH- BORNE.-Tho Auckland Uveni/i'j Star re- inal ka:-It will bo remembered that a point was made against "Sir Roger because of his testifying that whou tho Bella was wrecked he WOB picked up by a three- masted American solioonor caliea the Ospioy, bound for Melbourne. Enquiñes were diligently prosecuted at Mel- bourne, which provod that no such vessel had ever visited Port Phillip, and the story of rescue was thoreforo sot down as a ground- less concoction. It would appear, however, that this conclusion was rathol- hasty, and that such a schooner was actually in theso seas about the timo of Rogor Tiohboi no's travels. A story roaches us from Welling 'ton, which, though a palpable " maros nest,"'is Worth ruf erring to, since it has 'boen tho ^moans of calling'to rocollcction certain remarkable evidence in Auckland," This story ia to tho effect that while removing a' number of ammunition cases from Mount Cook Barracks, Wellington, 'sotrio of thcBO wero found to be marked " transport Os- prey," dated variously 1844, 1840,' 1854, and 1850, and bearing tho names of destination -" For Molbourno," "For Hobart Town," "For-Sydney." To-oonoludo from-theso facts that the transport i Osprey was the 'vessel which saved the, wandering Tichborne heir, would bo as unwárrantalo as the formor conclusion that no ship of that uaino had picked him up. Tho rCcolloctions of an old Auckland resident on tho subject throw con- siderable light on the question, his state- ment in effect being i as follows :-" He ro mombers that a British transport called the | Osprey visited Now Zoalund with storos shortly after the settlement of tho colony. That was, a largo vessel, and she was wrecked on tho coast. - Hor figure-hoad, a largo wooden representation of an osproy, was saved with othor wreckage, and gavo gave ita namo to a public-houso situ- ated in High Btroot, Auckland. At the great fire over 20 yoars ago, the Osprey Hotel was burned down with a lot of other property, and tho wooden figure-hsad whioh had escapad destruction by water perished by fire. It could not havo been this ship which picked up young Tichborne, as he would novar have mttde tho mistake of de- scribing it as an American schooner. But the gentleman who informs us of these facts has a clear rocolleetion of a three-masted American schooner called the Osprey arriv- ing iu Auckland Harbour. This was ahortly after the breaking out of tho Californian ' gold fovor,' and tho Osproy was the first vosscl to reach Now Zealand direct from San Francisco, tho circumstances boing well remembered, through local morchants having sent goods to tho 'diggings,' and being anxious to obtain diroct information aB to the markets, which tho churlish ekippor of tho Oflprcy rofusod to give. This, then, conclusively establishes the fact that Hiero was a vessol, exactly answering the descrip- tion given by the claimant, trading in theso seas at a timo corresponding very nearly with that of his alleged rcscuo, and as thoro is Bomo talk of the claim boing prosocutcd 'afresh, this evidenco may havo considerable effect in corroborating the story BO circum- stantially told, but which was believed tobo puro fiction. Other old Aucklandors will no doubt call to mind tho visit of tho Osprey, and may be able to confirm tho talo told to us by an * old identity,' which suggests tho question-What if, oftoi all, it should prove that the real Roger Tichborno has been im -prisoned for asset ting his claim to his own Î1' Since the above waa written wo havo re- ceived the following particulars of the wreck from a correspondent í-" H.M.S. ' Osprsy, l8 guns, was wrockod near Hokianga in 1810\. No lives loBt. Tho crow marched overland, and wore for some time stationed with the two companies of the 68th Regi- ment at Victoria Hill, Bay of Ishinds, Tho captain wns tried and acquitted, Part of stores, guns, otc, wore rccovorod by Sir Kvoraru Home, R.N., and lodged in tho magazines in tho Britomart and Albort Bar I racks. Tho figure-head of tho ill-fated brig was for many years decorating an iuu in High-street, and so the interesting discovory is oxplained." " 