WATER CONSERVATION. Next to the disposal of our 427 millions of acres of land, and tho peopling of this vast country by those who would use their lnbour ana money to cultivate it and other vine develop its vast'agricultural and mineral resources, there is no question of so much impor tance in Queensland as that of the de velopment of its great water capabili ties. These are actually worth more to us than all our gold. Ko doubt the Government land scheme, already faintly outlined by the Minister for Lauds, will do very much to stimulate private enterprise, especially in the great western interior. -Thoae vast;, rolling plains, even in'their present con dition, are magnificent; but when the , ; Crown lessees are possessed of security of tenure over , a reason able portion of their present immense, runs, knowing now by experience the Wonders that can be accomplished by afe w thousands of pounds judiciously spent in making reservoirs and sinking wells of water, they willhave every inducement to lay out their money,. and will, no doubt, do so on a large and liberal scale. Even in New South Wales, in spite of free selection- before survey, a number of the Crown lessees have ex-, pended immense sums of money in this • way, and to induce very many others, to follow their. example, even on a larger scale, they only want security of . tenure. For this, it seems, they {are willing to give up half their runs, dnd to pay a fair rent for the remainder; It is understood, however, that the Go vernment will, as soon as possible, have prepare a well-considered and com prehensive measure for water conser vancy and distribution, after the pattern of the Victorian scheme, but wisely adapted to, our circumstances in this colony; under which, besides. what the Government may do in the way, of the construction of great feed head-reservoirs as national works, every, encouragement will be' given to private enterprise by - Government loans for;. irrigation and. drainage, at a low rate of interest, the work to be done by com petent men under some effectual system of control. Thb Minister for Worts seems to be ,the special . , Victim of deputations. How they do crowd , upon him! A man needs fortitude, tact, andv temper to pass creditably through such ordeals. Just now there are so many divisional boards in difficulties with bridges and main roads; so many! localities requiring railways or the circu lation of money; so many municipalities re-, . quiring loans for waterworks or other objects, that Mr- Miles has had a rough time of it lately. There was a daylong levee of deputationiat* at his office on Friday week. Cabs, almost ad, lib., were hurrying to and fro. People seemed _. determined to make the most of bim before he left for the north. The Minister for Works is a 'cute old stager, and is not easily caught napping; but he must be wonderfully ' commuted to maintain a uniform tang /raid through all the., worry-, ofr such ~ a ,d>y u . that just referred to. ■ It is worry. Tt almost seems as if it wonld toon be desirable to appoint a very amiable and bland politician as Minister for Deputations, whose special func tion it should be to rewire and deal with.deputa*. - tiom the deputations of course should be,always required to. sendinbeforehandafull statement of their respective objects Mr. Miles has gone out of the way of southern deputations, but be will only jump out of the frying pan into the fire, and the fire will be hotter whero be has gone than here. He started for the north last , Saturday morning in good health and spirits,. and won't, wo sincerely hope, bo worried to death: by rival claimante for dredges, harbour works, and railways. Thsn the estimates for the Lands Depart lent were before the Committee of Supply a iw weeks ago, Mr. Aland, who is not much iven to either facetiousness or mischievous Das, rather slyly asked the Minister for Lands hetber a certain champagne luncheon, which as supposed to havo been given to the officers i the lands Department by tho then Minister, te Hon. P. Perkins, out of his own pocket, ad been charged to Consolidated Bevenue, ad if so, how much it cost ? It -as an arrow shot at a venture. It hit"a ood mark. The occasion of that lunoheon was 10 opening of a new room. The festivity took looe on a Saturday. Special instructions— nperative invitations, if our readers like fiat term better — were issued to all lands in the department. On no account ras any officer to be .absent. Tho Min iter was about to make a display of ostly generosity on tho tables. Ho was Iso going to mske a cheap declaration of his rdent love to every man and boy of overy grade a every branch of the department, although, s he admitted, after being five years at tho boad f the department, he did not know many of hem. Nevertheless, bo rsteomod them all, tut then, sufficiently to treat them all alike, lis quinquennium of office was approaching its xpiration. Ho wished to liuvo it ronowod. So uccessful bad,been the term, so pleasant his ntercourso with tho officors, especially the few, rliom ho knew intimately, and who in their • urn know on which side their bread wns luiterod, that ho contemplated with revulsion if soul tho possibility of a rupture of Lbcir ordial, official, and mut ually helpful relatione, la desired lliorafore to carry out a buppy bought. By the sagacity of an unpro :odontly goncrous and far-socing OoVorn» fflWt the officials of ' the Lands Department r,-h«l °Mn F""—'_""7, - - ■ , ' .would pay those offloials.a palatable com pliment. tfe never had done so before. Now, the time was favourable. The little cloud of : fttewu riling in the far west and sprealing Jong the whole route of theproposed transcon t .tinentdl railway. Many a big storm hn; come ;Hfrom the west. Thence have proceeded the ! ■ Mgry forces of electricity which hare laid low ■Vinsny a giant of the forest. The pride, the itateh'ness, the strength of the ironbark tree hsre been shivered and splintered into unseemly ruin. Who dare predict that the coming storm might not spend a part of its fury on the tempting heights of Anbigny, or on the pastoral lands of the Leicbbardt, or the rugged coast of Port Curtis? The prudent man, foreseeing dinger, hides himself, or takes other precau. e- tinns for safety. Mr. Perkins took other pre ' j cautions. He had no intention of hiding 1 himself. He did not hide himself . until after the Committee of Eleotions and Qualifications had plurked the peaoock feathers out of his cockado. His plan was to purchase the safety of himself and party. Given a worthy object and a man with means and generous spirit, money will thon flow freely for the accomplishment of the object. Mr. Per kins believed—honestly, eo much credit we giro him -that Sir 'Jhomas, he, and Mr. More head, were the best of all the poiiticiaoa of Queensland to control its affairs, and to guide its destinies. That was the idea that he wished to mix with the forcemeat of ducks, geese, and turkeys, and to wash down with fizzing liquor. Sow, Mr. Perkins has plenty of money in hand, and plenty coming in. He could afford to instil his wish by dainty flesh, by piquant liquor, and by dulcet flattery. It he so chose, he was free to do it even for a political object in a public building. Hut Mr. Aland took the gilt off the Hon. Patrick's gingerbread. He himself, did not pay for the turkey and cham pagne at all. The feed coat the country £41 or £42. The electioneering was done at the cost of the taxpayers. Ws have sometimes been tempted to givo. i friendly hint or two to our very numerous cor. mpondents We are pleased to have many correipondents. We wish the public who hayt real grievances affecting public interests t< know that they have a sympathising friend it Tie Weele. Bur we do not want to be mad: the confidant of people with personal griev ances, Once a matter gets into our columns i' hu nut the ghost of a ohanoe of continuing t< he private. It it therefore desirable tha before a man sits down to write to us hi should carefully consider what he proposes t< do and say. tie should not act impulsively Heihouldnotactielfishly. Heshouldnotaotcon esitedly. Space is Tery valuable. We have to oon rider that We cannot spore space for matter that are even comparatively paltry or personal This will explain why some correspondents neve: ks in print what they have written and sen tons. Again: correspondents should stud: couciunets. Put as much matter as possibli into t few words Further: correspondent should have mercy on our etaff in sucl trifling matters ss spelling, grammatical con itrnctfon, and punctuation. Lasi week i Ban asked us to oorreet his " gram mitiral pronounciation." We are sometime tsktd by writer# who dash off their enlighten ingcomments on public matters to "lick int shape " their slovenly productions. Now, tha u really their business, not ours ; if indeci they are determined to see themselves in print Wo do not object to a little trouble with well meaning men who try to say something seneibl and useful, but who find orthographical an syntactical obstacles insurmountable to thei poorly-educated minds. But not a few letter come to us, the caligraphy of whicl ts excollent, but tho punctua'ion execrable T. „ . puuciua'ion execrai punctuation commonly taught in eohoo many writes, with a One flowing ha some are quito indifferent to tho old junction: " Mind your stops." Others them don't loem to know tho dii fence between a comma and a calon; ^ the/ even put a dot with ft *bere & full round period should bo. Otl again substitute a dash for a full stop. Kx ibe emphui&by; underlining is a common fft Newspaper casual correspondents are very f of dashes. If vhey saw thtir letter* oxft reproduced as they land them in, thoy wrc be profoundly oatonishod and annoyod. whole genus leem to think ilral tho composi know by instinct how to punotuuto. u not the work of compositors to correct punctuation. Their duty is to "set i •hictly according to 11 copy ." To pause in tl mechsnio >1 work for the purpose of correct literary errors in copy would moan loss of *fl for they are all niece**""*mx - 'St 17 *U11P'!co*Woplc men. The corro bands or h°," ".T 1,10 C0P' S001 into mu! hawl«.or il mi,.11. ulv 6°0' ">W thro„gh their h 4 "ttBr 'l llml P' the® a second"^"'and """* b® R0U0 ore oorreinond Perhaps some o: ,ftkB kind,y "'do time, ° °"'B U"'.V will euro lis a li We learn from the Water* Bid* of 20th Mutant (yesterday) that there is considerable briskness in the trafllb on the Western Bailwav. The ordjnary trains are not able to carry the traffic. Three extra trains a week are being run, but even these do not ease off the glut This glut would be very remarkable Inasmuch as tho drought In some portions of the far west liae not broken up, were it dot for tho instinct of self-preservation. There is too muoh'stock for the grass in the west. Around Boma there have been fine rains Bnd the country has greatly revived. ^ It is, however, apparent that the farther into the pastoral country our rail ways are extended the heavier becomes the traffic. This would be satisfactory were, the traffic all profitable, but a large proportion of that from the west to Bris bane. is composed of live stock, which, we are informed, does not pay. Mr. Miles stated in the House that he intended to raise the rites for live stock. It is a delicate business to deal with. A species of traffic has been attracted by low rates. That traffio is found, on careful calculations, to be unprofitable. We will not say that the department 'has lost by it, but it has not gained. Any buiiness which has been established by the expenditure of large capital is unprofitable when it does no more than clear working expenses. Interest on the capital is an imperative necessity to the soundness of the business. It is not enough to have a large trade if no actual profit be made. A proprietor might be content with a moderate interest on bis caDital—if it were his own. Bnt if it were borrowed, and he had to pay interest out of his private resources instead of out of his current profile, he would be on the high road to insolvency. This is the analogous case to carrying live slock on the railways. Nothing has been added to the profits by it. It has barely cleared expenses. Why should the general body of taxpayers have to pay interest on the cost of railway construction that graziers and butchers may getfatstockcbeapl down to the sale-yards ? If the general publio got a quid pro quo in ohoap beef and mutton it would be less unfair; but they dou't. It is quite unreasonable that such a state of traffic should exist.' It does exist; and it is one of the lega cies of a pro-squatting Ministry who were always ready to act on the principle, " TJnto him that hath shall be given." Nevertheless osre will have to be tiken 'hat this traffio is not driven away. A very small margin of profit would perhaps suffice. The Star starts a sensible proposition. It suggests that "the Postmaster- General and the Minister for Works should consider the advis ableness of running a mail train once a week through from Brisbane to Mitchell." We agree with this in principle, but why limit a night mail to once a week ? The time has, we think, oome for night mails oftener than once a week. An enormous lot of valuable time would be saved to business men, both for corre. opondence and travelling, if it werepracticable, on two or three nights a week, to run mail trains. Men or mails might then leave dt-inthorpe or Brisbane at six in the evening and travel through to either of these points respectively by seven the next morning. The success of night trains in tho other colonies demonstrates the convenience and serviceableness to the public of suoh an arrangement. Fifteen years ago we travelled in New South Wales, both on the Southern and Western railways, by night mail trains. How many more years will it take us in Queensland to reach that stage of civilisation? Whilst writing on this Boma railway question, wo should like to sug gest that the department try to induco a lot of people to spend tho Easter Hobdays at Boma or Mitcholl. Very few people in Btisbano and Ipswich know anything about those districts. Much is said of them—some of that which is said is favourable, tomo is disparaging. Per sonal observation would be a good thing. The country about there is now looking its best j far moro rain has fallen at Boma than at Warwick. It would be a fine holiday excursion. But it must be cheap. Not return tickets at single fares — a much stronger inducement than that. One ad vantage of this would probably be that a few farmers might go out and see what tho laud in that direction is like. More settlement would lead to moro traffic. But, farmers aput, it would bo to tho advantage of all parties con cerned if a number of tradesmon cou d be tcmp'fd to inspect that country for themselves. The same remarks apply to Stanthorpo, only Stanthorpe is not looking its best just now. Tdk.vino tub Tanuia.—Match-box Row, in Albert-street, has been partially reformed and partly converted. There, till recently, the low vioe of easy virtuo had ono of its head quartors. If. has been dishoused and dispersed. Tawdry window curtains liaro been removed to screen misdoing olsowhoro, nnd the largo shop like windows are nearly nil adorned with suudry Ohineso wares. Maud and Mag hare gone out.. Tin IjuV and All Sam haro gone in. There is an exception—a notabte exception! In the centre of the row the whilom bouse of ill faime lias become a house of saving agencies. It is no longer a lewd house, but a gospel hall. This is turning tho tobies on tho enemy. Will it pay Mr, Landlord as well ? 