OUR PARIS LETTER . FROM OVK OWN COnSESPONDENT. PARIS. 23rd August. TLb CMnefle hato certainly out-dfplomafccd the French ; sticl, as tho rupturo between tho two nations la cotnplete, tho issue rests with events, aided by Krupp cannon. The Minis- terial press paint their cause ns sAcrcd, and their enemy's as downright guilt. Tbo fact is, neither power Is faultless, and that is what makes the situation so pitiable, that war should bo tho consequence of not coming to ah understanding about the indemnity. Tlie origin of tho whole affair springs from tho misunderstandings and jealousies between Gonerals Miliot and Ncgricr. Tho latter being tho hero of tho Tonquin campaigns, his supe rior officer, Miliot, has not had the chivalry of a Bayard to accept tho situation. In order to snatch a fearful joy, he rashly ordered an attack on Leagson, after a discussion of two days with tho Chinese commander. M. Ferry calls this an ambush. To throw 400 French soldiers at a Chineso army of 12,000 men, re sembled very much tho chargo of Balaolava : " It was glorious, but it was not war." The French — one nover can swear by their bulle tins whether of victory or defeat, as they allow no Independent eye witness to take a note for printrng — lost, in killed, wounded aud priso ners, 105 men. It is for this rashness on ono oide, and stubborncss on tho other, China was first adced — another blundor— to pay tho enor mous 6 urn of 250,000,000 francs, which was ultimately reduced to SO, 000, 000 ; somo alloge even to S, 000, 000. China played with tho French negotiator, and ultimately left him like Mahomet's coffin. This in difference and fearlessness of tho Chineso were certainly dictated by the decided reluc tance of tho French nation— which must not bo confounded with its Government — to go to war, and the antagonism between tho Euro pean powers, The idea of France at present L not to regard herself at war with China : bombarding Kelung and Foo Chow arc simply episodes on tho road to mutual lovo and com mon esteem. It is merely chastisement, not war. With tho most laudable iutontionsin tbo world to limit these ecOentric amicable rela tions with China, France cannot coutrol the march of events, when sticks are used on both sides, Tho Fourincr treaty is a thing of tue past, and with it disappears tho date for evacuating Tonquin. China will pour hordes into "Protectorate," and numbers at least count for something in a free fight. Franco may occupy a few ports, but, if China formally declares war, a decision expected at any moment, and calU upon European powers to do their duty as neu trals, tho war may become chronic. It ia not to be supposed for a moment that England, in her present justly 6urly humor, will allow a Madagascar blockadoof her trado with China, nor will the United States or Italy, As for Germany, Bismarck is not tow tho Jupiter ho wng.einco England let him down ; treated hiin as an ordinary mortal at tho conference. There is tho danger for Franco, and for Europo too, aud tho inertia of China will do the rest. There are shrewd per sons who think that a general war, evil as it must be, would result iu good ; and, sinco such Is admitted to bo on the cards, tho tug arriving a few years beforo its time might not bo a misfortune. A war with China will , be a severe test for the Republic : it will bo a drain in men and money. A loan is not to bo thought of ; the revenue diminishes month by month ; to increase the taxes would precipi tate a national crisis, whore tho chances aro against the Republic surviving. The Radi cals, and they are not this time Wrong, violently demand tho convocation of tho Legislature to decide tho question of peaco and war, and compel the Govern ment to make a clean breast of their " Colo nial Expansion " policy, and of the liabilities incurred to date. Not a soul believeB the credits voted represent all debts due. The Congress and the session are both closed, and the labors of both, in point of practical work for tho natiou, are on a par In their nothingness, The Congress Bhowed how deep are the divisions in the Repnblican ranks, Every one felt happy at the thought that tho Revision League — which revised the " Chamber," rather than what was contem plated, the Senate— was as doad as tho last rose of summer. No such thing. The Re- vision League has been revised, and will act ns a Banquo's ghost for many members of tho Ministerial majority at the general elections next year. That majority is shaky ; it deserted M. Ferry in the voto for tho supplementary credits for Tonquin, an impor tant factor in the decision of the Chinese. The budget for the curront financial year !b still unexamined. All the Sully-Oolbort- Turgot-Necker ability in tho Chambers will bo required to devise how to raise tbo wind to make tho two ends meet. To attempt a loan, ns already remarked, would so depreciate tho price of tho Threes and Fives, that the peasantry would become furious at this ro. duction of their capital, they being in the mass fund holders. To lay on new taxes when trade is stngnaut, business permanently bad, and tho outlook blaek, would raiso a hur ricane that would sweep away all before it. The weeping and gnashing of teeth con tinues respecting Egypt. Even the back door, by the failure of the conference, is closed against France's regaining a footing iu the land she blundered herself ont of, AU tho pessimist prophesies, suggesting the fox and the sour gropes, that tho French bathe their chagrin in, are not worthy cither of their pride or their esprit. They know in their hoarts that England is a fixture in Egypt, as long as tho Nile flows, and cotton grows ; that she will come to an oad with tho disorganisation reign ing in tho administration of tho country ; and that she has tho brain to dovisc tho reforms, tho arm long and stroug to execute them tlie moment she ceases to let " I dare not wait upon the I would," And that moment, happily, has arrived at last. Gordon appears to bo like a mouse in a Dutch cheese. Instead of a force going to relieve him, he Is likely to go to tho relief of his relievers. In any case his corps iVarmte is executing wonderful autumn manceuvres. Soon the Mahdi's name will be relegated to tho long roll of defunct false prophets, and Eastern Sondao.thekey to Cen tral Africa, opened to the Red Sea. No wonder the French bite their lips, and the water comes to their mouths, in being excluded from these diggincs. The Recidivate Bill is blocked, or stale- mated, in the Senate committee. Australia may fairly take credit for compelling the French Government to put on the brake in its express legislation to ship itn Irreclaimable aud incorrigible convicts to tho neighborhood of Australia. Your citizens have at last obtained a hearing. Yon are admitted to have a grievance. Continue the same tactics: (irmly re solve to oppose the introduction of any Euro pean gaol filth ; that resolve to be couched in sober language, and expressed to Franco through the Colonial Minister or English Par- Lament, The colonists of New Caledonia and I rench Guiana it appears arc a3 much opposed to the recidivist© trap-door emptying of homo penitentiaries as Australians thomselves. and the governors of theso two settlements are uncompromising in their opposition to con verting scoundrels Into legalised loafers, ex empt from local military jurisdiction, France will be driven to face the alternative she shirks— that of keeping both her "good and bad" ineorrigibles at home. The cholera Is daily losing its terrors. It has done its work in the filthy slums of Toulon and Marseilles, and now limps away. Bnt it pays a flying visit to neighboring villages just to remind them to keep themselves clean. A very vigorous sanitary surveillance is exercised in Paris, It was something like manna, during tho present hungry theatrical summer season that Prince Bismarck came to our relief with his declaration of lovo to tho Fronch. On ue badinc pas avtc f amour. He did it clumsily. Coarsely. Ho would do anything, givo any thing — savo the return of Alsace and a mil liard or so of tho 1871 indemnity fino, the tower of Spandau — if tho French would allow him to politically catermanl them as he does the Austro- Hungarians. By the union of threo Emperors, and tho Republic in her Phrygian cap, tho happy family would des patch England and divide her colonial posse sions. The Fronch shrewdly guessed this was a fresh trap for tho Chancellor in distress, the better to fall upon them, so tho maria'je dc raison could not bo negotiated. Ho was ro- quested to "move on" — circuh-z — to find somo one else to draw the chestnuts out of the fire for him., Tho Radicals view Bismarck's over tures as one insolence more to bo remembered 1 next "settling day," I If tlie Chinese permit, nnd the alliance of ! all the EmperoArhold good for so loug, Paris will have a monster exhibition iu 1S81) to cole- ; br&to; the centenary of tho revolution, Tho ; sinews of war have been provided. Tho site is the difficulty, Tlio suburban town dispute . for tho honor of possessing the leviathan < structure, ns did cities formerly for tlie honor : of having given birth to Homer. All the sites : havo thoir advantages nnd drawbacks, The j plans of the structure published aro as ideal as a fashion plate. It is contemplated that as tho building will bo international and illus trative of a cosmopolitan event, plans ought to bo invited from foreigners. Supposing a Prussian turnod np the winner? Tho new divorco law works well so far. Extra clerks have been employed at tho courts to register tho demands for dissolution? of marriage. The ratnor has been circulated by the royalists that tho Republic is on its last legs, and when they come into power tboy shall have the abominable law ropoalcd, This has caused a run on tho courts, as if on a bank rumored to be insecure. The chief typo of crime to note is that of parricide ; it is unpleasantly on the increase, aud is becoming specially Fronch, Tho motive ia invariably to get rid of tho old folks aud inherit thoir property, or benefit by that peculiar way of terminating nn au« unity. .In tho ordinary murders and robberies JtliQ ruffians are almost invariably young men, aged from 19 to 23, v. ho havo served thoir ap prenticeship iu several gaols, and aro thus pre maturely qualified recidivi-tes. They rob and slay with the appetite of tho savage, and tho cynicism of the degenerated man, has been the cause of their fall. It is iinpOs. sible to reclaim such brutes. Suicides rare also on the increase, aud there seems to bo. -a rivalry in tho plans of self destruction. Ono man threw himself from off a roof ; ho was armed with a revolver and poiguard, which, from a note left, wero destined to permit him, in case of necessity, to inflict his coup de gr6.ee> What a luxury of precautions 1 Business is vory slack, and commercial pros pects gloomy, the cholera affecting affaire, and. now it is succeeded by a war with China. Tho finger of Frovideuce is discerned by Bomo sharp sighted people iu this new plague, be cause the Congress has abolished tho reciting on Sunday in tho churohcs of the Domine iialvum fac Hvm publicum, "SuoU blasphemy out-Bcnbows Benbow." 