Guildford. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF CHRIST CHURCH. The foundation-stone of Christ Church, Guildford, was laid on Wednesday last by the Most Bev. the Bishop of Sydney in the presence of about 200 people. The church is being erected, on a pleasant spot on the Orchardleigh road. The site, which is on an allotment If acres in size, was generously given by Mr. H. Whitaker, and is rather over a mile from the Guildford railway station. The position is a picturesque one and its beautiful characteristics were happily referred to by the Bishop in a few words spoken by bim in taking leave of those present. The attendance at the ceremony and at the tea which was held later in the afternoon was not fo large as was anticipated, but this by no means indicates that interest has not been taken in the work. Indeed the utmost labour and zeal appears to have been pat forth by those charged with the conduct of affaire, and by those who have directly or indirectly contributed to the undertaking. The building, which has been designed by Mr. Gordon McKinnon, will be in the early English style, of brick on brick and cement, and will cost as for as the contractors are directly concerned about £400. A farther sum of £50 or so will be required however before the bunding is actually fit for use. Its design shows that the dimensions are 46 by 22 feet (interior measurement). A porch will be placed on the ode of the building facing the Orchardleigh road. A vestry 8 by 10 feet will also be provided. The walls will be 14 feet high to an iron roof. The ceiling will be lined with red and white wood alternately. The contract time is about two months, Messrs. Cranney and Green way being tiie buildere. The edifice is designed to afford convenient sitting room for about 129 persons. The seats will be of pine varnished, and the furniture of the church generally of tiie same material. Somewhat before tiie time announced for tiie laying of the stone the Bishop and Bev. Canon Giinther arrived at the site and a special service was commenced a few minutes afterwards.' Beside the Most Bev. the Bishop and the Bev. Canon Giinther the following clergy -woe esent in their surplices: Bev. W. A. Phillips, v. G. E. C. Stiles, Bev. Dr. Woolls and Rev. S.S. Tovey. Mr. McManas, lately organist of St. Mark's Granville, and several members of St. Martf choir, were present, and rendered valuable aid in connection with tiie musical portion of the service—Mr. McManas presided at the harmonium. The hymn," The Church's one foundation," was song, after which Bev. Canon Gunther conducted the service (with the exception of the lesson—1 Cor. iii. 9-18—read by Bev. W. A. Phillips). At the conclusion of the lesson a copy of a scroll placed in a bottle beneath the stone was read, iuid is as follows; " In the name of the ever-Uesaed Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This stone was laid by the Moat Bev. Alfred Bony, D J)., D.C.L., Lord Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania, on the 14th May, 18S4, being the 47th year of tiie reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria; Lead. Augustus W. F. S. Lottos, G.C.B., being Governor of the Colony; William James Gunther, MJL, bong of the parish, ana Bev. W. A- Phillips and A. J. O'Reffly curates. Trustees, the incumbent of the Pariah, Mesas. E. Whitaker, H. E. Whitaker, S. Barber, and Jaa. BeUenger. Architect, Mr. G. M'Kinnon. Contractors, Messrs. Cranney and Green way. Glory to God." In addition , to the ecroll, copies of the 1—iting papers had been placed beneath the stone. The Bishop then performed the ceremony with the customary formula, after which he offered np a prayer specially composed for the occasion. The Te Denm having been chsntrfl, The Bishop said he had been desired to say a few words, and would base his remarks on Pliil L 6," Being confident of this very thing, etc." They trusted that they bad that day began a good work by laying the foondationetone of a A church was emphatically the house of God, a place where His presence was manifested and the light end grace of Christ were to be enjoyed. It was a place where G-id's presence waa manifested in various ways, in confession, in prayer, in praise, and in the sacraments. In all these ways God's presence would he manifested there* and they would receive the manifeftation. Bat they must realise that it was not they but God who had began the work. He had dime it through the hands of His ser- { Tacts. And as He had began they trusted He 1 -would bring it to perfection. Thus must they ! regard, it as day after d»y tiie building pro- ! ' He basted the day was not for dig- ' tant when they woold be aide to open the building for wciship- They must in all things work with God and use whatever labour and make whatever sacrifice they could to cany ont the undertaking tnat day commenced- Bat the result mart be left with God, and His Messing must be sought without which the work could never be brought o a true conclnsion. He would remind than of the two words " In, us." The trne work nnt begiQ in their souls. • Everywhere he saw with thankfulness signs of growth and of progress and felt it wus becauae tiie work had began in tbsaonls 'bf membets of the Chnreh. If once the heart was given to God the life and all it had was given,.. Site true Church was built not with dead bricks and stone bat with living stones, that is, souls redeemed and sanctified by the grace of God. So the good workmust go on inwardly in oar souls, there mast be straggle against Bin, thorough eamestnea, communion with God, and diligent work. Then would their labours go on to perfection. In life they all were laying tiie first stones of what would be hereafter, of that which would not be perfected till the day of Jesus Christ. When thq?: all met again before God might He have begnn the good work in all of them, and have made it complete in that day. In conclusion, he earnestly prayed that God would bless the work for Christ's sake.. Offerings were then laid upon the stone by thorn present, and at a Liter hoar it was announced that £12 9s 6d had been thus contributed. The hymn "O Lord of hosts whose glory fills " having been sang, the Bishop pronounced the Benediction. On desiring the Bishop to perform the cere- mony of laying the stone, Bev. Canon Gunther presented his Lordship with a suitably-inscribed silver trowel with ivory handle, and*'mallet of tulip wood. A tea meeting was held in a marquee on the ground. The Bishop, on being denied to my grace, made a few remarks on the beauty of the spot at which they were assembled, and the refreshment be had experienced in visiting the beautiful district of Guildford, and advised his hearers to persevere in their church work until tiie day came when Guilford should be a pariah and a mother church with offshoots of its own. He trusted that many happy days such as, that they were then spending might be experienced by the leople of Guildford and by his successors if not >y himself. The Bishop and Bev. Canon Gunther were then compelled to leave for town. After tea Bev. W. A. Phillips briefly introduced Bev. Dr. Woolls to those present. Dr. Woolls congratulated the people of Guildford on the satisfactory arrangements that had been made, and on tiie handsome-decorated marquee that had been raised by the efforts of the friends interested. He spoke at some length on the changes that had taken place in the district during the time he had resided in the colony. He referred to Bishop Broughton and Bishop Barker, and congratulated those ; iresent on having as their successor a 3ishop so widely respected and honoured. He concluded by advising those present to continue the work in a spirit of love and seal for God, and by punting out that as the laity had, by their representatives in Parliament, decided to withdraw State support from the Church, it was dearly their doty to directly supply to the Church that support which they had decided to discontinue supplying indirectly. He thanked them for tiie kindness shown to him and trusted they would further tiie work by contributing as largely as possible. Bev. W. A. Phillips then read a statement from which it appeared that, allowing for all contributions received or promised, there re-, mained a debt of £159, which would probably be increased to £183 before the building was fit for use. He stated that a prominent resident of the district had offered to give & reading desk for the use of the church. The Bev. S. S. Tovey proposed a vote of thanks to those who had laboured so successfully in connection with the preparation of affairs for that day's meeting, especially mentioning the name of Mr. Whitaker. • In responding, Mr. Whitaker .spoke in very high terms of the committee with whom he had been associated in the work referred to, and also eulogised many of the collectors by whose exertions a large sum had been raised. Bev. Mr. Spear having made a few remarks, Mr. P. B. Holdsworth proposed a vote of thanks to tiie Bishop of Sydney and to the clergy for their attendance that day. Mr. Whitaker seconded. The proceedings were terminated with the Dondogy and Benediction. 