GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. BY J. C. "OH, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at all. It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a sickly and depraved imagina-<*> tion. "And why, pray, do you not uenevc.- said Alf. "Do you question it because of the impossibility or tho improbability ? If you take it on the former score you will hnd somo difficulty in your proof, it you admit thut thero is anything beyond the material— a something intangible to the outward senses; if you advance tlio improbability, why you know as well as I do that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, und never will know until it is 100 late for us to benefit from what you hove learned." ?' It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." . "Well," my dear tellow, " if that in the way wo must look nt this question, what else can we cay about the thousand end one oilier questions which arise from the unknown. Hcmember.your sceptic-ism is only of a very recent date, aud is a part of Unit great plague of doubting which assails other dogmas you would hue your right bund sooner than xore swear. Few philo-mpbevs. either ancient or modern, doubt the pos-iibility of exi.itencc apart from tho contingency of matter —- " 0, hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to a practical age, and I am not poing to believe every old woman ? tale, when iiltS is terrified out of her L'eusui* by the sour. vying of a rat over tho lloor, or tho scratching of a mouse behind thn wainscot. My own oxperionco is evidonco against it auftioient to my mind." "Well, if you want nn cxpoiimont;il proof I am glad I can givo it to you." " You 1 why I never thought, you held con verse with tho invisible. Surely to goodness you'ro not a medium I" " No matter what I am, I will givo you a oh nn co of putting your scepticism to tho proof—that is, you know, if you aro willing, for to tell tho truth, without questioning your own courago in tho least, I have found you sceptics not too oagor to test tho truth when tho opportunity is offered you. ? Alf and I wero seated in ono of the fine old houses of Northern Tasmania—ono of thoso houses which remind us no much ot tho "stately homes" of tho old country. Tho early colonists of tho " Tight Little Island " were thorough Britons, and enrriod with them all tho Englishman's ideas of comfort and stability. Cairnstoelt House might have boon taken bodily by houiq genius like Alnddin's elavo, and placed in tho middle of Yorkshire or Surrey, and no strangor would have noticed much difference between it and its neighbors, unless that its broad verandah would look n little incongruous in a country whore they think so much of the sun rays that they re ceive all they can ol them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The surroundings wero pielurcsquo in tho extreme. At tho bottom of a sloping lawn there llowed a broad, silent river, which had in its im petuous youth loapod ovor a precipice and thundered in rapids, but now glided calmly and majestically through wide meadows and undulating woodlands, llohind tho house the hillH rose tier after tier, until thoy cul minated in ft peak, whoso summit always received tho earliest winter's snow. It was a lonoly enough position, howovor, as tho nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alf and hie sister lived in the old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many fuoiits. I had met thorn in Paris. Ono Sun ay morning while onjoying a contemplative oigar on the top oJ Napoleon's Aro Do Triomph, and surveying tho unrivalled urban viows which can bo caught from that position alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, which came from the rosiest lips in that city of tho beautiful. Ada nnd her brother Alf Meadows had been like myself admiring the magnificence of tho Queen city. As they were strangers I did tho guide to them, anri pointed out tho beauties of tho Tuileries, tho Louvre, tho Invalids nnd tho othor show places. Wo beoame friends, and it was not vory long until I fairly sucoumbed, and was tho devoted slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was a little taken aback when I discovered my acquaintances camo from tho opposite side of the world, 1 but " love conquers all things," and space in the bargain, and before wo had known each other six months I was ready not only to risk a sixteen thousand miloa journey, but evon veritable transportation itself, provided I eor.ld claim her ac my own in tho end. I had arrived at Cairnstock House the vory day (2."rd December) on which tho fore going conversation had taken placo, and somowhat unexpeotodly, as I had completed some business in Mclbourno more quickly than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see some friends, and was not expected home until the'next day, aud I,had to bo contented with tho company of her brothor, a dear, good friend, but scarcely a satisfactory substi tute. After dinner I happened to say that tho position and surroundings of the, houso would bring to mind one of thoso haunted establishments of which old country folk think thoy have tho monopoly. I was sur prised to see my brothor-in-/?fiirf> take the matter, as the French say, eu yraml sfricu.r, and aotually consider tho possibility of epiritnal manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual dovil-mo-earo characteris tics, I ventured on tho inevitable chaff, but was still more astonished at soeing Alf's face loso all its buoyanay, and assume something very like the aspect of fear. I had not tho slightost idea of what he meant by his final proposal, and asked him to explain himself. Ho remained for some timo in deep thought and at last said: " You havo a right to know all about it, and thereforo as it is a family matter I shall toll you, though when you havo heard tho story you will understand why wo don't much caro to speak about it to outsiders. 110 paused again and then proceeded: "My grandfathor camo out to Van Dionian's Lnnd among tho earliest of the colonists. He had boon in tho array, and thereforo vory oaaily got all tho fine land whioh you can see for miles around us. Tho climato of the country suited him and hia family well, and indeed it would havo been a wonder if tho old warrior had not contented himself in such a country after his lifo of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had nil the sternness and harshness of tho soldier, and these wero exaggerated by tho position of absolute masterdom in which ho found him self. You are aware, I suppose, that tho con victs wero assigned H3 servants throughout tho colony, but you aro not aware that in ninety-nine ensns out ot a hundred tho un fortunates wero the slaves, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they wero the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crimo and ready for any description of villainy. There is scarcely a square railo of Tasmania which has not its talc- ot murder and outrage, and I remember well all over tho island the gibbets on which were hung in chains the bodies of many an outlaw and bushranger. But theso wrotuhes wero men at leust, and they were treated as bruto beasts, and wo need scarcely Hay thoy gave boasts' service. You cannot conooivo the horror which this lovely island witnessed much less enn you conceive the causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not account for them. " My grandfather for a long time had vory littlo troublo with his HcrvuntH. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him little gcod will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned ser vants thero was ono who had contrived to worm himself a little into tho confidence of his master by sneaking and tale-boaring on his fellows. It is ono of tho misfortunes, or, rather, tho ponalties of slavery that it insen sibly vitiates tho character of the masters themselves. The old Holdier who detested anything liko meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom ho looked upon ag inferior animals, and ho thought Limping Joe a very useful emiturc. Joe, on tho other hand, hated tho Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. Tho Colonel believed in tho cat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on his back, and they wero not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to havo met tho old man alone, but the chances of a etrugglo with him wero desperate, and besides his sudden death would have been a poor satisfaction for tho years of oppression at which it must be confesKod my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at tho very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. Tho new-comer was a man who had been convicted of con nection with some trade outrage in Sheffield. It was a strange time that, when men wero driven from home and all they oved for Iho merest triile, or if they showed tho slightest opposition to theall-powecful oligarchy. Tho misfortunes of his life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretch had come to tho very worst place for sympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing but the most ordinary communication between his wrvanm nnd his family, and tho young fellow, innocent as he was proved to be. was ) Ju-ft to broi.d ovor tin; iri;-.istieo of tho world without a word of consolation or a touch of kindness. No wonder that thero wus nothing on his side but sullen submission, and on my grandfather's a determination to 'drive the devil out of him.' " By :ill accounts Colonel Moiulowh made CairnHtock a hell to poor William.!. The Colonel was :i magistrate. You will B.e n largo tiv.< ?!?. the cpjiOnitu uiiic oi die back ', court, and neur it a detached building. The building ia tho old Bridewell to which prisoners wero consigned before being sent to Holmrt, and, Heaven help us, it w.ih rarely without a tenant. That big tree aud that paltry house could tell sonic awful tales if we eoulii kito thorn tongues. " Tho Colonel had two children, ft girl and a boy, both of whom ho loved passionately, (is mun such as ho sometime* do; but he cnpecinlly adored tho lovely little Ada, tho very apple of his eye. You will know whence my Bister gets her nnmo. Matters grow worse nnd worro for Williams, and Limping .loo watched everything with ft tiger's eye. About thie tiino thoro were ro portn that a strong body of bushrangers who had kept the western parts of tho island in terror had oomo northward, and then Joo, taking advantago of the despair and wrotohod no.HH which possessed Williams' soul, tempted him to join them. Williams seeing nothing but a life of misery or eelf-destruotion boforo him consented, and ono night they settled to start the next day for tho mountains, and appointed a place of meeting. On that next day little Ada wah found dead on the bank of tho river, and her lovely body wna mutilated almost beyond recognition, A bloody knife wfti found near, and every ono reco,?nisnd it as having belonged to Williams. Ho was not to be found, and of course tho orinio was nt onco laid at his door, Certainly tho attend ing circumtitanees went far to prove hi* guilt, and at that timo mil oh loss would have established it in thn oyofl of frco oolonists. No one in tho hurry and confusion soomed to notice the absence of Limping Joe. Thoro was at that titno ono of tho aborigi nals hanging about tho station. Wo have contrived to civilise them off the faco of tho earth, so you will not have a ohanco of seeing a specimen. Hie services as a trucker woro immediately employed, and soon thoro wee a strong party in pursuit. I need ?ivo you no details. It will bo enough \e toll you that the fugitives were overtaken, and after a Berco struggle Williams was sovoroly wounded and made prisoner. Jon nucapud for tho timo, and as it was thought tho murderer was har.l nnd fust no very activo pursuit was made after his companion. " The captive wns brought hero and thrown into that Bridowell. Tho unfortunate wretch, covered with wounds and with a leg broken, was a miserable flight. When he was accused of tho crime he denied it in tho strongest manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and ho was alone. Their passions were excited, and Rome one more brutal than thn rent pro posed to roast the prisoner or make him con fess. I can scarcely boar to tell you tho end. Olood God ! how unlimited power brutalizes us! Tho wounded man was dragged before a largo fire beneath that tree, and hung up by tho arms, from ono of tho boughs, exposed to tho donblo torturo of tho fire and of hi3 injuries. I can not imngino that tho exocutionors really meant moro than to extort a confession, but whether they meant more or not the miser able man wae not cut down until his senses had foraeken his wretched body. Aβ they dragged him back to the lock-up ho partially recovored, and Recing my grandfather near ho cursed him and his, and prayed that neither his son nor his. son's son should ever live to reach hin own ago. Tho poor fellow's body wae found cold, stiff, and still in the coll—done to death by our omniscient law. The vory nost day camo hie frco pardon, his entire inno cenco of tho crimo in Sheffield having been proved. A short timo brought tho confirma tion of bis innocence of tho murder also. Limping .Too joined tho bushrnngera just in time to sfiaro in n low depredations and in their speedy ruin. IIo v;as shot down, and had barely time left to confess that ho was tho murderer of little Ada, and that to keep suspicion from himself ho had used Williams' knife to do tho deed. " The?o fow bald particulars will not bo sufficient to make you realiso tho horrible truth. Ono almost iloubtti tho goodness of tho Creator when wo pu/.zlo ourselves to find why such thinge can be. Tho sharo poor Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and I would give all theso broad lanile that no ono of my blood had helped to make his part in life moro wretched. Sometimes I think that hit) curse must have fallen on us. My father had bnroly reached thirty-fivo —William's ago was about that—when hie dead body wan washed up by tho rivor near tho spot whoro his sister's had been found years boforo. Our poor mother did not sur vive him long, and wo were left to tho strangers' care. In all tho southern hemis phere we have neither kith or kin to caro for us or feel for us. Can it bo tho curno?" Tho story affected mo moro than I cared to acknowledge. Englishmen are not ofton brought face to fneo with such horrors. But I was not going to let a simple story ho easily undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I said to Alt: " It ia certainly a most painful incident to bo oven remotely connected with, but you will scarcely bring mo to beliovo that tho actors in the tragody have not something better to do than return to tho scene. la it said your little Bridowell is haunted? To be euro there aren'tinnny places thatdeservo it more." " You muy judge for yourself if you like," said A If, " but I give you fair warning. 1 would not pass a night thero for a kingdom. I have done it onoo, and onco is enough in a life-timo." " Well,'I shall try it this very night. Ada will not bo homo until to-morrow, and I may as well spend tho timo unravelling tho secret." "All right; and if you do so no ono will thank you moro heartily for anything thnn I shall for this." Tho conversation turned on othor topics, but Alf'e spirits Heemod to have fallen to zero, and gradually we becamo silent. I watched tho lengthening shadows of thotreoa pass slowly over tho lawn as the eun dipped towards the western hills, and contrasted in my own mind tho cold and dreary Christmas landscape of England with tho gorgeous brilliancy of the scono beforo me. I was so absorbed in this that it was with n sudden start I heard three rapid knocks just as tho Hun disappeared behind a distant peak. I jumped to my feet at onco, and was racher surprised that Alf took no notice unless a sickly smile on his lips betrayed hia having heard it. " What was that ? " said I. " Oh, nothing 1" said he, " or, rathor, Bomcthing wo are pretty well accustomed to." Of course I could not show too much curiosity, yet I could not help feeling some thing uncanny, hut this gradually woro away under the combined inlluoncc of a stiff glass of toddy and the soothing smoke of a frag rant Havannah. Menntimo whatover little preparations wero necessary to make thejsolitary Bridewell tenant able for a night had been made before sun down, and Alf told mo protty plainly that I should have little chance of company, unless tho ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would vontnro near the little building for ita weight in gold. This, howevor, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, during more than fifty years. I _— CHAPTER 11. Thero aro two classes of sceptics with re gard to spiritual manifistions. The first simply ignores everything that would seem to savor of proof. Such extraordinary circum stances as Lord Brougham relates in his Autobiography, aro to them merely evidences of a disordered liver, or at the best, only vaguo proofs of some atlinity between mortals not depending on material existence, the exact extent of which scienco will determine in the fulness ol time. The other class will acknowledge the po.]'ibility of communica tion between the other world and tin's, but doubt that there are isolated cases of such communication. Tbey sny with fair enough reasoning, that the benefit to mankind would bo ho great that if granted at all it would be universal. Now, I belonged to the former class. Of coiirsu my education hud led mo to --peculule on theories which have been beforo the world for centuries, but my conclusions were widely different from tho supernatural. ThoLnoro tinn; dootrino of a present -luind-' in matter scorned to mo to satisfy nil llio demands of so-called spiritual phonoincnn, anil wlioro wo could not comprehend, wo could take thai doctrine as the Inaia of pur investigations. My experionco had novor given rao'an oppor tunity of putting my theory to any tost, and it was something akin to pleivturo I found at hand a ohanco of testing tho mattur. Tho evident sinceroty ot tny friend assured mo that, so far at least as he was. concerned, thero was nothing approaching imposition, but this did not convinco mo that thero was no imposition elsewhere. If human beings had anything t> do with an attempt to frighten tho stranger, I was determined thoy would not get oft scot freo. I took with mo n faithful little revolver, which had done mo good Bcrvico en tho Upper Nile. Tho little building was a plain structure two stories high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The tipper .storey-had been tho prison. Tho prisonors'woro Bcourcd in a very primitivo fashion. Tho upper storey waH roachod by a ladder and trap-door, to which wore still attached the rusty remains of tho ancient fastenings. ' This means ol confinement certainly saved tho trouble of the warders who took possession of tho lower chamber, but thero waa little need of con stant watch and ward. A stretcher bed, a table nod a lite woro all tho preparations made for my reception—tho tiro only to give some oheorfulness to tho desolato scene, as the weather was warm enough. I had pro vided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a email bull's eye lantern, and to occupy my mind had brought a copy of Horace, whoso sterling oommon-senso and manliness would, I thought, provo an antidoio to any mental vagaries. 1 first mounted a crazy ladder, and tho roughly examined the uppor chamber, but found nothing—absolutely nothing. Th< poor prisonors hud not even a ray of light t> gladden them. Thero was oven a nlit i tho thick masonry to admit a stray simboun Verily our fathers were men of iron. Tlio inspection did not take long to coi plete, and I turned to tho trapdoor to desem but us I camo near I wuv it gradually I over, and that, too, without any no, though it creaked loud enough whoil first pushed it from beneath. Down ft sk (gradually as if tho moving power supportdt in its descent, not as if it hail rnooivodd) impulse and then dropped of its own went,I Of course the timo taken was cot eutnenv for mo to reason on llin matter. I ovil only grasp for the moment thn bare fnci.VtC tho door was chut and that I had prolaV neglected to push it up high enough. Pawij my lingers through an opening at the ddl pullrfd and pulled with all my might, but B door resisted every effort. Again an.l agn I tried in every direction without any sticcv. and I hadconui to the conclusion that by hcc i means or other it had got jammed, an I should havo to spend my night on tho to boards, when it suddenly ilew open with ch violence that I was almost dashed ngainetiQ j wall, and at thesamo moment I heard wh I j can only dcsciiba as tho echo of a hceo ! laugh, but where it camo from I couUlot i say. i I am not ashamed to confess that \vh I j got to tho foot of tho ladder I eerisly i deliberated whether or not I should t,'i up ' tho enterprise, but tho fear of chuf, lioli j makes many a man a hero, prevailed,ad I | determined to nee it out. I throw ruelf, ! dressed as 1 was, on tho little be At I its head was tho table, on whiclwere ! placed tho lamp, tho revolver, ar my watch. I settled down to ono the Satires, and for a time forgot whort was. Just as my eyea began to feel heavy I-*8 ro called to full consciousness by observi a pe culiar hai'.o grow around the lam; Ono minute boforo it burned bright and cl'/pow, though tho llsme was still there, iiooined robbed of its light. I quickly sat ion tho bed, and with something like terrorW the blaze of both lamp and iiro ovorwhood by a palpable darkness. The darkness ajfoaehed slowly, as if it was a bodily entity, fl bit by bit conquered its enemy, just as a tdk mist covers the landscape after sunset.I felt its approach, but if I could havo gairf a king dom by doing so I could not mo , a single limb. It approached from all sidiond just as its most opaque port table Horaothing like nn immense hanhyas sent forth and enveloped revolver i\n(*nteh be foro my eyes. My senses werljiinful'y acute, and 1 thought I could hear tb'hnk of tho chain of tho latter when it waa raid from tho table. I myself was forced backw4 ?w if by a mighty weight, but felt no wejti.or evpa touch. ;.' _ Vot some seconds I lay withor-H'pving, but bending every power of my mi) to resist, I would not fear. Thon I was cc*fons of tho bed floating in the air, though J;uld perceive no motion. It soon settled agaitiut I thought in a different position, and ;imaiodiate!y seemed to rocover eoino power**'")' limbs. I tried to pierco tho summing darkness with staring eyes, but I felt ns'ihe blackness clothed everything liko a ptfive cnvelopo, and for tho first timo I roali.*"? darkness which could be felt,"' not ii?'y ? negativo want of light. From one .<t,' howovor, I was convinced all these mtiicatations pro ceeded. It was liko a ccnlnW?pen lt " , n, and to this part I directed n'my attention. Without any relief in the bounding dark ness, I fanoiud tho obsonrit'iera became in tensified and the other party contrast less dim. Hoon it took shap- ini3(!linit0 > tut still a shape, and at the Kα* instant a lurid glaro tinged the guvo a horrid prominence to the indistin^ass. Like tho phantasms of'fever it revolved within itself, and tho hor' of its possibili ties were in my wind a twam 1 times moro dreadful thau tho real it* One minute, and there ctruck my enrihc shrill soream of a child, which curdld'tho blood in my veind, and then the revisions oml contor tious redoubled. Soon hoard tho hoarso oricfl of anger, mingled <U? tll ? groans and eobs of ono in mortal J ; nyi and the heavy tread of men in the above, and tho eiokening thump, Shumr- , of a body dragged roughly over tho iloor.Jed my ears. The hugo indefinite maua i;rf 1Cu tiw origin and source from which all^ s arose. To mo it took tho form ot an irr-'Oablo destiny. j Notwithstanding all.*>o horrors I retained j my senses, and oven fri hard to speculate J on them. That I <-< ? n the immediate ; presence of some awf.P owor 1 l^ n ow; that it could injure mo I so long as I was true to myself. 'J'h.ffeatest torture I en dured was tho coiiHcia 1 " 83 ot '?>' own ,m " potencn. I could ft? passively resist my spiritual taoultios be;! woaknncd by human disabilities. Wliat JiW. dimly appeared tho reilection of thu e^ t10,1 of au mevitablo fate. ? - While '§ thoughts crossed my mind tl,? m^^ ( mo bocamo more and moro distinct, (rtho obfcmo foima p f „ , "" lantern rfu'illv assume ermpc on tho i!l u mined fityind Uiuro stood out in relief a fnco witlio features writho.d nnd distoiJ with agcrfend halo. Tho faco did not fittm to ruprixt tho mass as tho human faco ten roientB i.man. It eer-med rather an ciuann" tion or jduot of it. I \v,? horror struck bv its oxpnon but did not fear it. It Rradimllv faded d gave placo to n succowion of ghaetlv appoarccn, each ol which retained human i oharneistics, but a thousand times mote ! repuls than tho creation of a nightmare i All a time I waa endeavoring, with iJ] iny ettgth of will, to myself tin) i wbatlqokcil at was nothing but awakine visiorithout reality—a dismal fnnoy, but I dnrci'ot, however, nttrmpt to sprini-'un 9n j diapiho illusion. I caught ruynelf hop? thato horrid din might bring some ono to i j my iietance, and tlmnoxt moment I doubled j it uono savu myself could hear it. From i thoary fact that I i:uuld reason on the mar, I judged I was regarding a reality none phantasmagoria of deliBion. '' I I "e whirling of tho centro still continued i aigradually it seemed to take tho form oli ch with long fair hnir, but a glow aronnl tt head revealed the features a mass ol wnde, and a broad (loop gnah from car to i o Tho sight for an instant almost ua. i mneil me, and I felt my courage, to endure i ; iiost fiir.ioking my henrt actually. I Wj ??"insonsibilily as a relief from thia menial '. [ rturo. j By soino intuition I seemed nt this moment i i gain an innight into the hidden meaning. , thought I looked upon thejtata of the. house i o which I was about to ally myself, at Icart ts fate in connection with that place. The mythology of ancient Greece and Rome gives Uβ many instances of places being unda tho direct iniluonco of somo occult power, sometimes benevolent, moro frequently mslc! volent or capiicious. Tho folk-lore ot Ger many, of Ireland, of Scotland , , and indeed el nil countries, tells us ot the awful powol thesa genii lori. Why then if there is the slightest grounds for eueh traditions sboald those countries not have them as well as thoso longor known ? Tho malign intkence with which thoy aro credited in Karope may ha (|uita as active in Australia, and Ihsymiy have revenged thmnsolves for sn'ne fancied slight on th<> family of my host andof ny future wife. It is strange that such thoughts, and indeed conclusions, should forco themselves on or mind nt such n moment. I scorned, how?, at this stage to have become an ind&rai; spectator, and by tho force, ot logic to hn reconciled myself to look upon this kmi apparition as ono having no personl ioioet in its significance, but I was mistaken, Suddenly, tho dnrkne."* lifted like the fieccj cloud before tho morning breeze. The scena enlarged and I ?nw tho deep river as it flow! past, the Cairnstock meadows; bat, pest llenvcutil in tho stream, struggling for Ufe and beating tho writers with inctlcctuil Mots, I saw my dear friciul, my brother. God cl HunvctiH! was it a fad, a present disaster,cr the premonition of a future fat;? Msdljl struggled to hurl myself from my coach,bsl I was bound to it us if by seven- fold eott , , and had to ga/.o hclpletis wliilo tho whiis ghastly faco rose nnd sunk ngain and again until tho waters slowly rij>j>!ed over his hai, and the dark shadow bocsimc more and mere obscure in tho cold depth of the stream. Tho icy sweat ot horror sprung from everj' poro, and I fancied the sound of hidwa mocking laughter—the laughter of £<:n<ls lilled all tho spaco around. I was powerless —powerless, and could not even aumnoa courago enough to put an end to my agony, by active resistance. Tho river eceno then changed, and a di)- tinot view of tho House appeared, bntho* different! Tho llamo.3 gushed from eterj window. Tho chimneyn totteml and thre&t; ened tho roof-tree, across which the staJtbj firo sprorid slowly as it suro of its prey, Bat whom did 1 boo at ono of the'window flrt , ' with a dreadful circle of lambent flame? Tee glowing oildy licks her form, and her gloriw hair is shrivelled at the touch. Soon fo bright form will be in ita deadly emb.is, and my Ada, my life, my soul . Human naturo could stand no more. I shrieked an agony, and threw out my kill It was claspod in cold, deadly fingers, tsl from tho extremity of the nails to the shoulder a chill aa of the grave struck to tin very marruive. I remember no more. When my senses wore restored, Adi vu leaning over my bod, her sweet countenance betraying tho anxiety nhe felt, and ill, wit: misery in ovory feature, stood watching ma; Ho bitterly blamed himself, and m btol ? by his eistor for allowing mo to subject a{- self to such an ordeal, butl mainUwed tosl only myself was in fault, if any fsolt %? wero. It was anything bin a merrjCtow mns wo spout. 1 related what Imwto.u, . and ho seemed struck with my theory o! w ; counting for tho phenomena. "I may toll you," said ha, "tnatontut awful night I spent in that room I ??. everything that you saw, with the ??i'ioJ; of my own appearance. That the tto ol ? Bhould have tho samo oxperienca u waifr- > thing more than extraordinary. \ou oa? ; to say that probably tho intluence, whstoTti. , it may bo, is only local, and if we should re- ; movo from this we should have pcaw. j " At any rate I think bo, and it is new ; j uwless to attempt to ronson onenchiuuitj ; It is ono of those things which W | philosophy cannot comprehend. ? i my word, my Ada, with ray wU. ?? i pleasure will never re-enter this house tfltf sho onco leaves its door in my ?np?V' Indeed, I should prefer that our mimfe .should take p 1rco immediately in and, dear All. you will, I am sure,??W8" 1B mo that after that dreadful n>?u'I ?? SI much prospect ot pcaco_of rnmn ? ""? country at all, beautiful aa it k.' _? Ada and I wero married a w^P , jl porsuadea Alt to remove to Yiotoiu, u*M , easily got rid of tho old station. W* ? , one subject wo rarely apeak about and m tho old Uridcwell at Cainwtock IIoa?e. ; This is my story, and I leave tho w * ? . account lor what I have rehted. ?e'? ?. may say it is all nonsenso, the aa t J? ? world may say. a dream of : moat, but tho sago will bay. I things in Nature than wo dream ol a <w philosophy. Ti.r. Emperor of Austria hu lj?g_ tho Sultan of Turkey with remarkable symmetry and ?'- 9tao „, horses are of Spanish breed wl.ict i?u / in the Emperors stud, vvl.o. pow*? only a dozen. Two superb sets ot liarnu sont with each horse. THFi l'OT AN'D KKTT1..U " u:'m: a l.iLA'.'r.ai'.uu', so vii mh;I 