^Mito'* (Mumu. COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING IT was to I e ia thc church, with music and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk up thc middle aisle aud lead the pro- cession. " Now you must both put on your best behaviour," said mother, after we had wor- ried ourselves into our new clothes ou thc all-importaut night j then she kissed us just as if we'd been going to bcd, and sent us off to tho church an hour before thc time. We found the sexton just opening the doors, and lie let us go round with him while he lighted up, aud then I proposed that we should stand outside and watch thc people come. " I wander if Cousin Tom feels nervous," said Claud, as he walked down the steps under the awning. " I shouldn't think he would, though, for you know doctor-. But I say, Bert, whats the matter doun thc street there? Sec all that crowd? Let's run down and find out." " Como on," I cried ; " I'll beat you there," and forgetting all about our good clothes and best "best;behaviour," wc both started off down thc block. " Oh, somebody's been run over, or some- thing 1" I cxclained, as I won thc race, and food a lot of people bending over the form of a man lying on the grass in front of the Baptist Church. We both stood still for a minute, and I was trying to listen to what a gentleman next to me was telling a policeman, when Claud pulled me by tile sleeve and whis- pered that it might be the very case Cousin Tom, who had just graduated at the Medical School, was waiting for. " Let's tell him about it !" I cried "Quick before they get somebody else ;" and then we both tore off to his lodgings, around the comer, and pulled thc bell os if thc house was afire. I tell you, the girl came to the door in a hurry, and without waiting for her to an- nounce us we bolted upstairs to Cousin Tom's rooms, and rushed in to find him just putting ou his white satin- necktie, .' Oh, do come quick I" we both fairly shouted. "Such a-" " What, boys, what's the matter !" he ex- claimed, making a muddle of his cravat. " Has Alice fainted, or the dressmaker for- gotten to send ber dresB home or what?', . ? " No. no," cried Claud. "There's a man hurt, and on awful crowd, and-" . " Quick, how far from- tière !" Interrupted Cousin Tom, leaving: thc twp ends of his tie hanging, and snatching his pea jacket, "I can spare just twenty minutes." " Why, it's only around-the corner, in front of the BaptiBt Church," I replied, dan- cing around the room in great exitcment, and then we all three raced off. "Whereis hn. hoy»'" .«.4 Tom, and Claud pointed inside the railings that ran in front of the church, and against which, i strange to say, nobody was leaning. Then, hot waiting to hunt up the gate, our cousin, who was a great strapping fellow shouldered his way through the crowd, and without paying any attention to thc efforts Borne of the people mode to hold him back, he placed his hands on tho top rail of thc lenee to vault over. The next instant he gave a spring back- ward instead of forward, and fell against Claud, who of couse fell against me, and we all three went down one after, another like a raw of bricks, while the people set up such a yell that you might have thought they had all turned into wild Indians on tho war- path. Being boys, and quite used to hard knocks, neither Claud nor I was hurt, and wc sprang up as lively os ever when Cousin Tom was lifted off us. But there was not much spring about him, and we were awfully frightened when we found that he couldn't even speak. Then they explained the whole thing to us, which was something like this : there was an electric light in front of the store next the church, and in Borne way the stuff- the elec- tric fluid, or whatever it is-had got off the track, or the wires, and rou into the fence, and, whoever touched it got a most tre- mendous shock. That was what was the matter with the man inside, and the crowd had tried to warn Cousin Tom, but he was too exited about getting an interesting case, to listen. " Oh, if lie's killed, it's all our fault for telling him about it !" moaned Claud. " And he was going to DC married in half an boor," I added, despairngly. " And Miss Cord Tl be in the church waiting for him, and when he dont' come she may have a fit, or something, and oh, Claude, how con we tellher?" By this time they had picked Cousin Tom up and carried uni into a drag store a few doon off. They told us Vie was only stunned, and would probably be able to sit ap io the course of half an hour. As he hadn't lived in town a week yet, nobody in the crowd knew who he was, and BO the burden of carrying thc dreadful news to the wedding party fell upon Claudie and me. " It's five minutes tocightnow," announced my brother, nervously, as, having left word with tile druggist that we would soon be back with friends and a carriage, wc hurried off to thc Episcopal Church. "Cousin Tom was to l;e iu the vestry hy this time, and, oh my t won't it be awful to have Hiss Lord walk up the aisle on her father's arm, and then find nobody to marry her ?" " But, Cbrodie," I proposed, a bright ides striking me, "if wc can only get to the church soon enough to seo her drive up, we can tell her then, and have the coacuman keep right on to the drug store." " The very thing ! criod Claud. " Let's run fur it." And run we did, but, alas ! arrived at the church just in time to BOC the bride's callage drive away from the-awning-empty. Wc could hear the organ playiug and the people whispering that thc procession would soon begin to move toward thc altar. "Oh, wliy don't they make sure Cousin Tom's iicre lirst !" I exclaimed, iu a whisper. " Perhaps they will," returned Claudie. " At any rate, they ought to wait for us to lead off ; but, stop, I've got a plan and though it's a kind of desperate one, it'll save Mus Lord having a scene before everybody. I'll -and lie spoke the rest very softly in my ear. " Wliy, Claude, dare you Î" I oried, under my breath. And do you know how to do it?" " Yes, I noticed thc place when we were in here with the sexton. Now, do you think you can get up close to Miss Lord .before I count twenty slowly ?" I nodded, and hurried into the. church, leaving Claude to take up IUB station in a dark corner of the vestibule. Thc procession was evidently waiting for ns, and os.fast ÄS I could, I squeezed a way through the ¡crowd to take my place in front of the bride. She smiled when she caught sight of nie,. and put out her hand. Then just as I took it every light in the church went out, and I knew Claude had succeeded in his plan of' turning off thc gas. " Don't be frightened, Miss Lord," I whis- pered, still keeping hold of her hand, " but come out with mc to the carriage, because Cousin Tom's hurt, but not very bay, ohly be can't stand up long enough to be married yet, and- But I'll take you to him right away." " Well, she didn't scream nor say she was going to faint, but just held on to my hand tight, and let mc lead her out in the dark. Wo found Claude on thc' sidewalk, holding the door of thc carnage open ! and ordering thc coachman (who looked os if he thought wc were cloping with the bride) to drive to thc drag store. We all three got in, and were off Tiefure the peoplo tn the -church had a chance to think of anything else but the darkness into which they bad so suddenly been plunged. "But-hut did thc electric fluid put out the lights in church ?" asked Miss Lord, after we had explained to her about Tom'B Bbock. "Oh, no j I turned off the gas," Baid Claude, promptly. " Don't you think it was a good way to keep people from staring at you and gossiping when they found the groom didn't conic ? " Yes, I soc now, aud 1 am sure I am very much obliged for your thoughtfulness; but what will papa and mamma think has become of me ?" "That's so !" I exclaimed. "We forgot all about that part of it. Stop the carriage, and I'll run back ;" which 1 aid, and found thc church lighted np again, a bigger crowd than ever inside, and Mr. and Mrs. Lord rushing about in every direction in search of their daughter. I was a little frightened at first, but re mcmbeiiiig how much tho bride lind been spared by our plan, I walked boldly up to thc " distracted parents " and began to ex- plain the whole thing, This took some time, but I told tlie story as quickly as I could, and 1 had scarcely finished when back came the carriage with Cousin Tom and Miss Lord both in it. I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, and indeed, Tam looked like one, but declared that he was every hit strong enough to go through with the ceremony. Miss Lord was already in her mother's anus, and I was awfully afraid we'd havo a scene, after all, butluckily everybody through! it was because the gas had gone out, and in ten minutes they were safely married, and nobody out of the family, the wiser. 