THE LUCK OF LUKESH AMDS. By F. W, Robilispk. III.— A Sunday Babgain. \- Luke lived all alone in a tumble-down, on a-roornjad "shanty close to! the hills of Fphpar. He was, worse housed than even Felspar folk were housed. as a rule. The Irish mud huts were roomy and oapacioua in 00m- parison with many of lbs domiciles where the viUage«-8 of this remote district drew the jbr-ath of life. It was a ert>ge psrehed by .it-self some ten feet below the level , of the narrow path in front of it, so that a spiteful person pissing py could hive easily, kicks I tha roof off ; and it possessed a back garden of soma twenty feat in length, ending abruptly with the white, blank killed ie. a colossal wall ot.four haodrfd feet, which tiwered above it and shut out air and light. In the distance, from the valley and the lower ground, Luke Shan Is's cottage seemed growing out of the . jagged limestone like a wen ; bat there was room in the garden behind the house for tho pigs, if -those animals would not object to a little overcrowding. And Lake had brought his pigs home, and Matthew Brant well, a shrewd business man ia his old age, toddled over to sea thm, and to see , too, what could be. dons; w aether Lake could not be 'done' might be added, even without refloating too severely on the character of Matchew, who was certainly an unreasonable and covetous old gentleman. Everybody knew -that. Even Luke, who thought the best of most people, Mrs. Twitters excepted, had., his suspicion of it, though he made a great deal of allowance for eccentricities of Peggy's grandfather. For Peggy's sake, and at Peggy's wish even, Luke was always exra civil to Matthew Bran swell — a civility wmch was not often reciprocated, Matthew's temper being a bad. one. For Peggy's eaka even he was living in this cottage, as a tenant of Mr. Brant well's, at four pounds per annum — a sari of money for which Luke might have secured quite a comfortable room at cock eye I Dobson's, and without the bother of housekeeping. But Matthew bad persuaded Luke two years ago to take the establishment after his mother's sec-ase, and Lube had thought it as _ well to please the old gentleman, not caring much where he lived until he settled down f r good with Peggy. It was only to sleep in. All d iy he was in the valley or on the hill with the sheep, and in <the early evening he was courting Peggy— Sunday excepted, when he : and she walked seven miles to c'anrch in the afternoon with time or four other inhabitants of Felspar, the rest of them stopping at home from year's end to yeai's end. It was on Sunday morniog that Mtihw oaPed on Lake, who was shaving by a bit c-f hung up in the front window, which Matthew banged at with his walking-stick and cracked. 4 I've come to sec the pig,' said Matthews who was an authority on pigs. 4 Peggy tells ) me you've hid quite a bit ©f a legacy.' - j 4 Yes, Mister Matthew; I call it luck myself.' 4 Your Uncle Ribton and I have done many a stroke of 'business together, Lufee,' said the old man ; 4 and if he bad lived t wenty-fbor hours longer, I should have had those pigs, and ibere'd been a matter of— well, ten pounds very likely, in his stocking instead. 'Ohl' said Lube, as he put away his shaving tackle. 4 Iv'e heard they're worth a lot more than ton pounds. But I ain;t a jadg6 of pigs.' 4 They're very ugly.' 4 They're uncommon ugly,' assented Luke. 4 But they're very healthy. 4 They'll eat you out of House and home.4 j 4 Yes ; they do eat,' said Luke, with a sigh, i 4 But there's a ohauca of getting their own" livini down the valley. I let them out every day-'' ' j 4 You'll lose 'em.' 1 4 Oh ! they know their way baok to supper !' said Luke with one of his laughs. Trust 1 them. But they're so aggravating. I wish | they wouldn't oorne back sometimes.' j 4 Why don't yea sell 'em, then ? You're ; not able to keep 'cm in ease and-, comfort'as ; a pig should be kept, any more than you | have ever been able to keep yourself — though 1 I say it, as shouldn't, p r'aps— in ease and comfort. But I'm a plain -speaking man.' 4 You are, sir.' 4 Why don't yoa sell the pigs, then ? 1 Bless your heart, I'm going to,' said Luke. 4 Eh ! What ? What's that yon say ?' I'm .going to sell them and bonk the money, before the winter comes on. At least. I'm going to sell four of 'em.' 4 Well, well, then, what do you want for the four?' asked Matthew. 4 That's what I've cime all this beastly way for— End my legs bo bad, too — to ask if I should take 'em off your band. The five, I mean. I want the lot. What's the use of keeping one,pig ?' 4 1 shall stick to the blind one,' said Luke,, verj firmly. 4 Why?' 4 Well, my old mother was blind tbe last two years of her life, and the pig reminds me cf her very much.' Matthew Brantwel! sneared at this touoh of sentiment ; but he said no more about the blind p;g jast then. 4 Let's look at them,' he said, shortly. They pissed into the little space behind the bous9, where were the five animals, all with their noses turned toward the gate whiob shut them out of the valW T,nir» was right ; tbey were uncommonly ugly. A misshapen, rhiooceros kind of pig, four of theoi red-eyed, as though they bad been cry ing, and tbe fifth -with his eyes banged up \- forever, The sight of thorn excited the cupidity of Matthew Brantweli. 4 1 li give you twenty pounds for the lot. Siy it's a bargain, and don't be a fool, Luke/ he said. 'I can't drive a bargain on a Sunday, Master Brantweli,' answered .Luke. 4 Not that I'm a religious man, hard and faBt, as I ought to be ; but X promised Peggy I never would again ' Peggy's always got some nonsense in her bdhd, and a interfering about something.' Peggy's ahvavs right ; only She's a b»t superstitions- Nothing ever panic right that was dune on Sunday, I'yp heard her say over and over again, bices hef.' : fteyar'tfilija "aboui'Pegg-. Wo'-ra . -ttlkiig. about pigs ; aint we V . v; ' 4 I'd father not talk abmt them any m6re tillChipstoke comes to see tbem'/ 4 Chipstobe ! What, from Roundel 1 Pikes ?' exslaimrd Mitthew. 4 That's the man.' 1 What do you want to see him for?' I don't knew shat I Want to see him,' replied Luke. 4 He" sent rhe word last night ha wanted to sea me. Thit's all. Except that he said, Don't part with the pigs till I've made you a good bid." ' ' 4 Selfi?h beast,' said Matthew. 4 That's | Jlko him. I know him of old; And then he'll offer vou less than I have. See if he doern't. He'll want them for a mere song ; and Ihsn you'll bi sorry tyou didn't let me fceve them.' 4 1 don't eay I won't sell them to yoa. You're Peggy's grandfather.' 4 To be sure I am Peggy's .grandfather. Exactly so.' 4 And you shri! have them fir what he offers me. There!' Oh 1' Matthew Brantweli seemed oheckmat&i; for a moment. What might not Ghipetokc off jr, if dead set oh these pigs, and knowing what pigs tbey were ? And whit might not Chipstoke make of them, being an expert in pigs— a specialist — 1 pig collector ? 4 Luke, if yoa don't let me have these pigs now, I'll forbid yon ever coming to my house ayaio !' he spluttered forth. / I'll move oat of Felspar, and take Peggy with me. I'll go -and live ia London. I'll ba shut of you altogfther.' 4 Good lor J' exclaimed Lake, in horror. 4 1 bate Chipstoke, and be mnsn't stand afore me.' 4 Of course not,' said Luke. ' I never said he should. ' 4 Look hsrof Lake Shands. I tell you what I'ii do. 111 give yoa this cottage — this free hold property— for them. There, you're rent free for life ; needn't worry about rent any more ; can save np and build another Hi tie' room here presently ; so that when you marry Peggy ' 4 When — I marry Peggy !' cried Luke. 4 Yes, y98 ; go on/ 4 Well, it will come to that some dy, I dare say,' S3id the old man. 4 At all events, when you marry somebody, yon can take her to a gdoi roomy place, as this would be, aod say, 44 Here's our home, rent free," now and forever."' And you may keep tbe blind pig. There !' 4 Done !' cried Luke. 4 Done!' echoed Mr. Branweil. The two men shook hands and clecched the contract. 4 We'd b3lt-r not say anything about this to Peggy till it's ail settled,' «aid Luke, after a little reflection, 4 as it's a Sunday bargain, after all.' Certaicly not. N t a word to Peggy.' ' Shall I give you a bit of writing about it ?' 4\. Yes ; and date it Saturday, Luke. Is looks so much better, too.' It is astonishing how qu"ckly that bargain was concluded, and how the freehold of Luke's cottage -was made over to Tinlrn by a lawyer who came from Nel+eeoombe on purpose, and how Luke became his own laud- lord, and felt very proud of the new position he had secured.. Bat when he met Peggy, the day after the fat pigs had gone home, leaving their blind companion in Mr. Shands'© posses- ! eion. a little light— even a strong, lurid light I — was thrown upon the whole tramaction. ! 4 Luke, do yau know what you have dene?' she cried, with tears in her- pretty blue I eyes, 4 and done without toiling me anything J about it, of coarse?' " I 4 Done V Yes ; got a house of my own over ! my head, at last/ 4 You great b'"g eily, whi4'« the good of 'such a place as thi»? You might have bought it for lees thin fifty pounds at any 1 time ; and you've Jet him have four pigs.' I 'Well?' 4 And tkey'e exhibition pigs—prize thing?, ' and worth forty pounds a piece.: And grand father has sold them already, and is laughing at you.' 4 Your grandfather is a sharp old man, and I'm a dull young as-,' eaid Luke, looking very grave. And that was all he had to say at Matthew Brantwell'B 4 besting' him. 4 1 knew something would happan to you for watching me at 44 My Lady'-i Chapel." satu reggy. 1 rnew wuat it would come to. I wonder where it will end now.' 4 1 wonder what that blind one's worth,' said Luko. IV —The Luck Turns in Good Earnest. The blind pig was not worth much — indeed was not of the same 4 strain.' and was not even fit for pork when the winter set in in real earnest, and the animal caught cola, and went blundering abont tha back yard cougbing like an old man, or leaning against the rock at the end of the" garder, too weak to get round the premises with out taking a good rest by tbe way The pig suffered very much from cold, and Luke, being .1 good tempered and feeling fellow, took tbe animal indoors for one night on the Hibernian system, when it had a shivering fit that nearly brought the house down, and screamed so loudly to get out again tint Felspar thought there was murder doing somewhere |o the valley, an j ran for the one sol iceman of the nl≈ who'd gone ten miles over the hide fc> a supper party, an d could not be brought baok to duty nnder six good hours. last pig's going to die, Peggy,' said Luke, when he eaw ber again ; 4 did yoa ask yonr grandfather whether he'd make a hid lot him?' 4 Yes, and he eaid he wouldn't have it at any price.' 4 He's vary ill,' he eaid. 4 Do vou know what I'm going to do?' 4 No,' said Peggy, a little alarmed ; for Luke was not particularly wiee when the impulse seifced him. " 4 I've got some dynamite charges from the quarry, and I'm going to biour htm a sty pot of the rock--a good hig bole, where he can get iu and out of the snow and the wind poor beggar. — - 4 Oh i you saqst not do that.' 4 Why n >t? It's my rock. Ii'd part of the freehold,' he eaid! with a laugh not quite « so hearty as usual. ? « Yes, It's your rock ; bat yoa'il b'owihh » freehold dawn, Lake. ' < j 4 Ah ! I had foibtten sat.' ;a-: j 'The house waa condemned months and i months ago, only grandfather kept it to him- | self, And the surveyor says itil hive to oe j robtrlfy or Ira won't answer for the cense- j quehdes. Tint's why grauifither wahted to f Sell it. in a harry.' j /Yes ; I know. I've hii notice, iastead Of | your grandfather " said .Like, ruefully, j 4 Your etitorasat'e quite correct, la33.' I 4 And what/a to be done V ' I don't qhite see. I shall have to chock up the freehold, I expect Bat the next day fchZ blind pig was so very ill, and the prist came sweeping in soch ! bitter gusts down the valley, that Luke 1 Shands resolved to carry out his original in- j tontion. j 4 It will bring the house down, too, I dare sav ; and I don't cars if it does.' he added. 4 the darned old lucifer box tbat it is. Yes, I'll obance it ' So Luke Shands, in a descents kind of mood, full of anger his fcouse and of sympathy for his pig, laid his Dlans and j his dynamise, and /went to work in a -busi ness kind of way, having done good service ia th"? quarries at times, off aod on, fotf" a change Here he lighted his fuse, and re tired a little way down the valley, leading h:s qnadrdoed at the end of a striug, and thara wait- d the result with grave - compo sure. But L ike's luck kept pace with him The report came, and the crash of cliff wall followed, &nd;«lh? pig died of fright there and then — turned oyer oa hi3 side and gave up the ghost forthwith. 4 That's a settler,' said Luke. Then he marched back, and found his hmse standing, with only the roof blown a trifle askew, and looking as though it haa got a oockei hi on. And the hole he hid blown into the cliff was bliok and cavernas. and seem ingly without end ; and that was the most remarkable part of the whole occurrence ; it hid gone inward, as though the change had shattered a thin crust of limestone and driven a way into the heart of the hills. 4B!es8 and save ui ! This is a queer start !" said Luke Shsttds. It was a queerer start than Luke ima gined, than Felspar had imagined, thin .scientific folk had imagined, until they came dowu presently ia twos and threes, and as 'ouated for it clearly and graphically, and said it was jost what miaht have been expected Luke had not expected anything; and it was n-it until he had lighted a candle and pi«g9d into the hole that hs discovered he had blown a passage into a cavern, long and tnrtuous, abd seemingly windinsr its way now up and now down to an extend that, on tha spar of tha moment, he thought he would parsne no further. 4 Whv, here's a lady's ohapel all lb myself in my baok garden,' he said, with one of his hearty roars ; and then he was Btartled by the rays of his candle light f riling on what looked like a lace curtain, with tints' and traceries from rof to floor. 4 That's very queer 1 said Luke. - But the first scientist who bame to see this — and he was handy on the spot, and had been foraging about Felspar with a hammer far the last week— said : That's one of the grandest stalactites I have ever seen In my life.' And the cavern was full of stalactites and stalagmites of all shapes, sizes, and colours, when one came to explore it care fully. 1 You'll exhibit this,' said one of the wise men. 4 Have the gas laid on, and charge bo much a heid.' /.Can't afford it,' said Luke. 4 Oh ! but you'll hive plenty of people &ere; presently. I shall write an account in the Universal Geological Ghtonicle. Is this your own property ?' 4 Yea. sir.' 4 You're a luoky fell iw ! Da you know the man who owns the cavern in tha Ctockaway HAD?' 4 I've heard of him.' 4 Lh's worth twenty thousaud pounds.' Lafcc-p sat down < n his garden pilings and feli as if be should faint away on the spot. 4 You don t say bo T said he. 4 But I do.' 4 You'll exoose me, sir ; but I must run and tell Peggy/ And away Luke started, down the valley at a a pice that might be set down as head- iomr, and Professor Treguffia seized the opportunity to chop off one small stalag mite, that he was sure would not be missed, and which would add oonsiderab-y to the character and tone of his own private collec tion. There is not maoh more to be teld. Shanda's cavern was soon famous in the Felspar district, had its place in guide books, became a feature of inferest la the locality, and wis lighted np by gas pre sently, having A little giaometor all to itself, on the site where the blind pig died ; and all at Luke Shinds'a expense, whn Luke began to get a rich man and that with some degree of rapidity. The last E ister Monday before Matthew Braiitwell died, three thousand exoaraiosits came to Felspar valley from the new station a mile and a half away, and thost of tbehi paid a shilling apiece admittance without a murmur. After that Matthew firaotwali died of jaundice, and wai buried with hie frtrafafchflro. Luke and his wife — aesd I s»y Luke's wife was Peggy Rrantwril, who© grandfather had cut her off with a shilling ? and tha chi-'drea are living in a brand o?v «tonc house at the head of tha valley where the FeUpir hotyl is now. It Was in this Strang- fihion — vnd true fsehio— that Juke Sb%nds'» luck tyrnei, and ia her heart of beits Paggv puts it down to her little prayers in 4 My Lady's Chapel' that autumn evening when the ©pell seemed broken by -her lover's untimely interference. Bat Luke will not hive this and Mrs. Twitters, who ia still living, we rejoice to say, thinks that a mm who could hive had each look as he had and not be grateful lor it, aod own how It bkinc r«mnd to him, is little batter thAu a b irn heathen and dia't deserve to prosper. 'i 