What is Thought of Us in England. . A private letter received from London by the last mail, written in April by a gentleman . having large interests in Australia, has been shown to 'us as affording interesting matter for contem plation on this aide of the world. We : publish some extracts, presuming that we must -not necessary be understood to ( endorse the opinions expressed. The ^ writer says : — ' ? 'I have been afforded the opportunity ' of reading some numbers of the Queens- ' land 'Hansard,' and am sorry to say that 1 the course taken by the Government on the coolie and kanaka question, and on the railway question, has condemned, Mr. Griffith and his colleagues in the eyes of all old colonials as well as of all ofiic ially connocted with tho colonies. As to the two first, he is held to have made it apparent that he won the general election under false pretences. With regard to tho railway question it seems evident that the whole action of the Government was due to spite against tho late Ministry and a desire to please the squatters. The financial statement caps all. 'It takes people's breath away here to find the Treasuret talk of floating a loan for 2?2,G00 000 this year to clear the way for niore extended operations at the latter end of it. ,.., 'Mr Hemmant's position is not. a of the worst proceedings of the Ministry, for of all their acts the treatment of Mr Thomas Archer was the least excusable. He, was. universally regarded as an up right, and popular man, whileMr Heminant ?was only known on accountof hia charges against ypur-lato Premier. To everybody, hero the'placing of Hemmant in Archer's place was so preposterously unfair that the Acting Agent General was viewed with suspicion and distrust. It will be difficult for the Government to retrace tlfatifalscstep, for ore- thinks they. -will have the'wisdbm to rein-state Archer,'' 'I sincerely trust the forthcoming Australian loans will bo a eucce'ss, es pecially that of Queensland. So' far as ?the money market ? ia concerned, every thing is favourable. Queensland stands very high among the colonies, thanks to the ?action'of her late Government : arid trUd'e is so bad hero that there is an immense amount of . money seeking in yestment... The bank of England being intrusted with your loan is in some, re .pepts ail' advantage, but others there verse. ? Depend upon it, the Bank of England will not take the trouble that your National Bank did last year to pre vent a failure. The force of this remark - may not be seen in regard to the first loan Hotted, because the time is so good for that purpose, but it will be seen after wards. While hoping and hoping and believing your next loan will be a success Iain satisfied there will be a hitch with 'the following one. So far as finance, is; concerned, your new Government have! had wonderful luck. This time last year Queensland had not the ghost of achance of floating a big loan. Now any colony can place one. TJhemore;I go among people, here the more do I find what a, profound impres sion,, the .election of your Speaker has ma'de,1 Often now I hear disagreeable allusions . to Queensland as the 'convict colony,' where old exiles '.are so numer ous that they are deemed worthy of ^situations .of hon our in. Parliament, and elsewhere. I don't think anything ever done by an ? Australian Ministry so dam aged the colony in tho eyes of the Eng lish' -peoplo as that unfortunate appoint ment of your Speaker. There is a feeling abroad, however, thatit was the desperate work of an extreme party, and Mr. -Griffith as its head has aroused the de testation of all Queeuslanders here. I am quite sure Mr. Hemmant must regret having' accepted his appointment, for the respect1 usually ])aid to an Agent General is not1 paid to him either at the- Colonial OfficR or anywhere else, ' Itis stated on. good authority that he considered, after his reports .were received in the colony as to the condition of the office, that Mr. Archer would be allowed to resume work after. his leave had expired. .. . : ^''Queensland is the favourite. here of all the colonies. The Americau, States of Georgia and Florida are very like Queens land, in climate, arid it is wonderful the amount of good settlement that is going on in them— I mean fanners with capital who from the competition in grain and meat with foreign countries, are. forced to leave England. Some of. my friends aro interested triuch in these countries, and I often come across their1 emigrants. They would .ill prefer comirig'to Queens land. America is not at all popular with, farming capitalists on a small scale, bubitheydo not see their way to farming in1 Queensland. Tho change iii farming in England in very noticeable in the last few years. You can travel for piles in places through grass fields wliich 1 ro mqmber- ,to have been all, under grain, Grain, with the American, Russian,' and Indian competition does not pay the farmer''- whose only liopo ia meat. When I tell them the inevitable quantity that must in the next few years be sent from Australia they look very hopeless.' 