p film III. jr%j J iijj I niiif .11 I I FACTS AHD TflAtiMENTS. PI «- i i I A tower is to be erected to the memory | of the late Lord Frederick "Cavendish by the 1 electors of the West Biding of Yorkshire, | on an eminence known as the South Nab, J Dear Bolton Abbey. An inscription will be H oarved on the monument, winch is shown by ft the plans to be 94ft. high. H An uncomfortable solution of the great r sunset mystery" is given by a Persian p ntrologer, who predicts that the blood-red i appearance of the sky is a fbrewaming of a I war such as the world has never yet- beheld. 1 There is to be bloodshed on an unexampled 1 Scale in all quarters cf the globe. | A gircular has been issued by the I French Minister of ,War reminding officers I that the publication by them Of newspaper | articles, books, or pamphlets, either under I their own names or under pseudonyms, or ! anonymously, without ; Authorisation, es- 1 poses them to dismissal from their comj | mand. t M. Raspail, as representing the Extreme | e lt.made a proposal in thejrench Chamber : o iDcputies tlie other day to abolish the Embassy to the Vatican. He insisted that it was derogatory for a representative of the French of 17S9 to kiss the Pope's toe. The motion was rejected by 325 votes to 191\. - Me. Trevelyax, it is announced on good authority, is to be the next Cabinet Minister as soon as a vacancy shall arise. Mr. Tre- vftlyan is a most effective and polished Soaker ; as be tits the nephew of Lord acaulay, lie is a highly-cultivated scholar ©f a type which is every day beeoining more rare in political life. What Constitutes a Workman. — A man at Nottingham, who 'Was employed to devise mechanism to be used in the manu facture of lace, and who had engaged him self as " a practical working mechanic, contended that he was not liable as a vvork-. man for absenting himself from business The magistrates thought otherwise and iv>he judges supported their view. _ # In Lord Lytton's memorials of his father the first two volumes of which have ap- i peared, he has dealt with am obvious frank ness with those epissdes of bis father's life which even during his lifetime formed the subject of gossip. Not the least interesting part of it, perhaps, at least to the readers of Lord Lytton's works, ie the introduction which liis son favours us with to the Drijnals of some of his most famous char ac- tere. On the Zuydsr Zee interesting experi ments were recently made with foghorns of a noVel construction. They are sounded by fcteam, and are worked after the fashion of Morse telegraphs, with long and sbprt sounds. Two ships were provided with the fog-horns ; on each there were telegraphists working the horn, and the signals were dis tinctly heard and understood even if the distance between the ships was such that they lost sight of each other. It is supposed that every war must be preceded by a declaration. France declared war against Germany, and Qiieen Victoria- declared war against Russia in the case of the Crimea ; but these are not the rule, but the exceptions. The rule is that war© " break out they dre not declared. Wars tire not born, but, like Topsy, they grow ; and no enemy would think . of waiting for his purpose to be notified — he strikes as Suddenly as he can. ' Some interesting relics of Napoleon I. were lately sold by auction at Hastings. They consisted of three views of St. Helena, e occasional table made from a willow tree which grew over the grave of the Emperor, and a mahogany chair bearing the follow ing inscription in brass : — "This chair, which was the last Napoleon Bonaparte satin, was at his bedside' when he died, and was brought over te England by Gover nor Charles Dallas. " : Lord Wolseley, speaking at a distri bution of prizes to a Volunteer battalion at St James s hall, said he "did not believe in Universal peace, and those who did were the most visionary people in England. He accepted things as he found them, and at the present time he found that every nation in Europe was arming. It was a fortunate thing that : the Volunteer force had cropped up, and -he was glad to see that in the past year it had contained 2,000 efficients more than ever were in it before. A writer in the current number of the Graphic has been at the pains of devot ing a careful examination to the prin cipal Christmas numbers, seventeen in ail, for the present season. As a result, ho finds that they comprise . three ghost stories, of which the mysteries are explained, and three in which the mys teries are unexplained, and eight stories of adventure, and seventeen love stories, besides six eccentric, two humorous, seven pathetic, and one romantic story. The old- fashioned Christmas story, once so popular, in which Christmas incidents and the benevolent feelings which they awaken were wont to play so prominent a part, is found to be now utterly extinct. Mr. Matthew .Arnold, lecturer, at Boston, devoted an hoar or so to reading some selections from his poems. He delayed a little to chat with his audience about his most famous early poem " Empedocles on Etna," from which he read the extract which describes the married life of Cadmus and Harmonia. This extract, he said, had been quoted entire by an anonymous critic in a column and a half review of his first volume, "A Strayed Reveller, and other POems," which had greatly cheered - and encouraged him as an unknown author, and was written as he afterwards learlied, by Professor Gold- win Smith, whom lie had come to count among his personal friends. The Army Clothing Committee at Alder shot hiavfe, after seVeral months' delibera- tion, and many experiments, settled what is to be the future campaigning and working uniform of infantry regiments. . The coh>ur Is to be a somewh?.t Iiirht grey, much the same as that now worn by the London Scottish and several other volunteer corps. ' The shape will be that <i lobse-mside tunic with /lqaick«aWijj»;'> White pipe-clayed to be done , away with, ahd bdi? fe4ir>ones substi tuted for A vering for the \- \ t- .i-- r- v.e- . . . helmet is. to be worn with this undress jOMforn i. The scarlet tunic now in use will |»e rfeta feed for full-dress parades, guard» ruountii ig, and other stated occasions. Folic b-justior Mubray, of New Yor> cs tiled i fcfcention to some of .the fortuna te po Uoe ot ficials of that city who, on s;dar ies of- (OdoL a week, manage to own fast trottjers and) callages at the seaside, and generally to "fisws . at the rate of five times their offie tei i toorne. The magistrate's remarks ledt u«.li ctle incident in his court a day or two after wards, which, as illustrating tbie free- and-c wey 'manners of American court- rooms, may 1 ie worth quoting. " That was rather a ron fit shot you gave us," said Police - captai « Perry to the magistrate, between the he. wing of two cases. " I didn' fc speak of Any police-captain in particular, but of them i is class," was Justice Murray's reply. . ' Well." said the captain, doubt fully, " it was rongh anyhow. " No rougher than the stories started by the poliee ab< >nt me," answered the magistrate ; " for thej ' say I am a deserter, and that I kept an il1 licit still. How is that ?" Mdme. Patti's diamonds are almost as famous as those of Mdlle. Georges, the celebrated Preach actress," who generally displayed alU her jewels, when playing before provincial awdiences, 110 matter what her role was ; an d the announcement that MdHe. Georges wou Id appear in the piece " with, all j her diamond b" was a regular feature in the | bills. Patti, who usually appears before her J New York audiences with something j like £50000 , worth of jewellery when. I she sings in " Traviata, " never ven tures to take her treasures with her to the theatre .Aboufc half en hour before the theatre doors open four men, well armed,, in charge of a casket,, may be seen leaving .her hotel! They are detectives specially told off by the authority ys for this service. T hey never lose sight of kier while she is on the stage, and one of them is constantly sta tioned at the dour of her dressing-r oom. When the performance is over "she carefully puts back the jeweks in her case, and Bands them to her body-guard to take back, to the hotel. 