ECIOESOF MELBOURNE. [BC THE GuosT.]J There cau be little question new as to which is the victor. The friends of Mr. Service and Mr. Beny have each claimed in, the past that their side has achieved a triumniph. One set oel politicians averrdd that the; Premier has been brought over to the Liberal ranks, while another has strenuously maintained that Mr. Berry has soon the.error of his ways, and become a convert to Constitutional doctrines. The Ohief Secretary has himself set the- matter at rest. Heneverloses an opportunity of refer ring to "his chief," 'and' ostentatiously playe second fiddle whenever an ocasalon arises. Hid 'talk:'ialso isan? longer "of " broken' heads :and- houses' in,' flames," and instead of:! those, fiery!:orations.. whseewith the member for Geelong . was wont to iwield at will ai fierce democracy,, the.honourable gentleman has adopted the suaviter in model line, and roars as meekly as a sucking dove, or displays' the " great talent of silence," the while the:"chief,," at the banquets at: which he is called upon to " drate," indulgas in mild plati: tddes, which, quite'devoid of "sound and' fury," possess, nevertheless, the attribute of "signify-; ing niothing.!" Thoso:who 'attended theBosisto banquet, for instance, given to celebrate the return of the member for Richmond to Victoria,j aeid ivho expected to ga.ther some'e insight' into 'Ministerial intentions from the speeches .of 'lMessrs' Berry and Service, wero certainly'dsent emipty away. The two gentlemen carefully' eschewed political matters, and beyond a few allusions: to .:the questioni!'of federation, during which they ' talked at large," saidi nothing. anent their. intentions when Pate liament.,again .mebts after the long recess.: Itie 'tthereforo :halidly a "matter, for surprise, that thb st?maller Ministerial' fry. Messrs. Ti'cker, La gridnd e, and 'Lvle, anduo' like' leader' stars in'the Cabinet'galaxy should copy the reticence of their superiors, and decline to take 'the ,public ,into the confidence of thee Government until, no. the Premier hbrased it, "the proper 'time, arrives"-that proper time: being doubtless when the. Parliamentary pulse has been felt, and it has been ascertained with a: tolerable degree of certainty which' way the; political cat is likely to jump. At the banqluet 'given at Nhil on -Vednesday to colebritte the: settlement of the Mallee country, the Ministers : -ofLands and Customsontertained their hosts with the usual amount of " airy nothings." When it is borne in .mind, however, that the. locality in' . which the Minis. terial deliverances ,were made. rejoices in tlih'iiame of Nhi, and the oft quoted dictum is remembered, all surprise should cease. E1: nihilo' nihil it. -It only requires the dropping ofiati'"h"or so to make the proverb fit, and this to some memberi 'of. the present Ministry is apparently aon easy task. " .. . i keessrs, erforrdal d. OGillies have returned from New Zealand and their foot is-once more on Victorian lieathi. It is extraordinary how little thedird aence was felt, and how well their departments managed to get oii without them. In fact, there'is no doubt that Mr. Gillion's de parture rendered some of the reforms of the new:Railway Commissioners' more easyof ac complishment than if le had been, at the Spencer-street office, where his Ministerial amoerpropre might have, run the.risk of being hurtby the rescinding of some of-the silly rules framed during his regime. Lieutenant Colonel Sargood hld been in some whattoo great a hurry to bo on with thes now love of a militia, befor'he was off with the old one of the . Volunteers; :Of the 3000 men required to complete the Defene Force, under 700 have come forward to tender their services. He has a complete set of-officers, but where are the men that were to flock so eagerly to enlist under the* bainer' raised by .the Minister of Defence ? The 6hld'force is disbanded, and has not been replaced by the ."oitizon army" the gallaht soft goods-man' hoped to create by 'a wave of'his magie yard stick. And the project havint hung fire'for so long is hardly likely to go off successfully now, Evidently the re organisation of the Volunteer force was begun at the, wrong. end. Instead of taking expert enedll Imperial 'offioers into his counsel, he cut and dried a .scheme of. his own, and then obtained a staff from the regular army'to carry out his crude ideas. 'The result has proved a fiasco. The now plan is alike distasteful to the old force and to the'new recruits it is proposed to' enlist. Does not all hhis go to prove . the . wisdom: of the. old saw anent the cobbler andhislast? And in a sort of. way, Lieutenant.Colonel Sargood is acting up to the adage.He is devoting himself to devising 'a 'new uniform' for the militia-when it is formed. In the oldVolunteer fore, thoere'wore red, grey, and green battalions oflihfantry.' The Defence Minister 'is desirdous ofadding a brown one. He lhas ordered a? e.upply.of the cloth used by the British troops as' a fighting dress." Any enemy, therefore, contemplating an attack on Victoria is warned, that as fares the millinery department is con cerned, we are fully prepared,. Two great ad vantages may be claimed for the proposed noew dress. It will 'assuredly 'frighten .a foe by its ugliness-and it .doesn't, show dirt or beer staiiin.s, And writing of our Victorian defences, one is reminded that the hands of our naval and military forces have been on a oruise inwhat is iliterally 'a' mud-barge. The "Fardknor," ,which is naval parlance anets as tender to the dredge ' Crocodile," .underwent her trial trip on Saturday. .'Of course: there, was the usual pbppingof champagn'e corks and speechifying, without which nothing can be ogun, continued, oir ??idd' in Victoiii. The vessel or craft, or 'whatever she may be termed, . is to be ;"utilised'; in ease of attack by an onemy. . Seo is in tinme f war to carry a gun. It has not however, been officially announced what sort of iilssile' she' is to use. Perhaps, being' a. imud:barge;' it: is' :intended : she" should' discharge . mudi at the fde. " Mud 'slinging," as Mr. :Bentonce elegantly said, inParlicment, wm a most -effective mode of warfare. . Perhaps our naval authorities intend to aovail' themselves, of the exporienceoof the haiourable 'i?inbeefor Brightfbn. That gentle. hnan has in his time played many parts, and woald" doubtless be',ready, "at duty's call; to assumo I command:: of thie 'hopper 'barge Fawkser.'k ... . , '. I The detective police, have, after a :long par suit, during which.the object, of their search ppearas to have, been seen over and over again by 'veryobn except those' specially commis sioned to effodthis arrest; captured an escaped lue'ietidop'whoim'thoy suspect' committed 'the mysterious murder of' Mr.- Beach at Pettavol. The mean;:who is known as "Captain Donovan," sdd,.' has. a. .inumber of aliases, gave the warders at the Yarra Bend.:- Asylum the slipin, Jaly last, and has therefore been'at la~'e. for'elght. months, a fact, which, by the' way; says very littlq for tho:e astutenss of'tle. Victorian "force."At present theore is no evidence. td'edinnedtthe lio cdused with the crime orop-' ting the fact that he was soon at the funeoral of the vietim,' a bircumstanco that of itiseolf is enough to:throw considerable doubt on his guilt. The robbers of the London Chartered Bank at-Horsham, of-whom it was stated there wore five all anxious to turn 'Queeon's ovidonco, are sill still at:large.. The statement that one 'of the tlileaes ieetodded to betray his associates, industriously ciroulated by theo police, in or'dedr to brin :about the 'rsult tlhe 'Wishod, hdsP not.prbddcad'tho desired o.ff~et. The' gentlemen wvho: possossed' themselves of the bank's netoseknd coin' ard- evidditly'ef'thd brooeed of:dishdnost birds, "too old td bo e aught Wiit ohaff" of the kind used by the "olover" detective force,. i Tfih'ia'ees ofthe death of the poet: R. H. Horno, in 'Loddoni, rcalls 'thed days when the author f." Orion" was a' denizon of lVictoria. Td'mostpiconlo,' howcver,'ho'eivill be. better re membered as the perpetrator of a hoar, known as".'the Groons'correspondence," in which Sir Charles Hotham's frugality in the mitter of Government House entertainments. was most cleverlysatirisod. The best of the joke wars, that thie Governor, for a time, took the matter quite'aic derieu;x, and 'actually issned an order -it was before the days of responsible govern moidnt-that " Mr. Croons, Ithe contractor, who had ventured to speak and write disrespect. .fally .of the .Quoon's' representative in the f-ornning BHerald, should in future be debarred from, contracting for the J3overnment of Vic tbdria.' The alleged disrespect was challenging the quality of the "codlonial beer" served out to the guests, 'and placing his hand on the spot where pain follows on the imbibition of sour inialt liquor. With the full ceremonial befitting the oocaslon, Sir William Olarke has been installed as the Grand lMaster of thie Masonic craft in Victoria, under the English, Scotch, and Irish Constitu tio~s. Since the day the late Charles Jardinoe Don, erst while member for Coiling. wodd, in the Legislative Assembly, headed a deputation of stonemasons, to proffer some request tothe Government of the day, such a gathering of trowdl-boaring profession has not been witnessed. Eleven hundred masons, all in evening costume, seated atthe banquet held in the Melbourne Town Hall is a sight which loeaves the celebrated "' four and twenty black birds .aIl in ae row" a long way In the rear, althouieh the craft were of the "speculative" andliot of the "' operative" order. ; Nothing daunted by her financoial difflaulhies, ilies Eanelle Molville has started at the Bijou, whore there is to be a presentation of English and -bouffo opera. "The Bohemian Girl"and !''Fatinitza," have already been given to approciative audiences. At the Opera House Jenny Lee is still performing to good houses, and no. hango in urogrammo is yet announced. " ThseOomedy, of Errors," at the Royal, has ,'en -pliace to Oxenford'I drama ." The Two Orphans,'. whileat the Princess Miss Genevieve WVard in "Fortget-me.not" ' till continues to "draw." The Victorian"' Exhibition 'f,wline, fruit it; d grain is daily increasing in popularity, and is crowded everyo venig with fashronable longers. . Moarch 29. 