CAULFIELD. „ ;BY: "TIIE WORM,". A t barp white frost, but a beau' iful morning hr vork, Tho horses mustered early, &3 a'?o did tho touts, professional aid non. Thsfe was a very fair amount of work d> no, and by half post bo von o'olook ttio groan is woro protcy wen doierted, , . Mr Hiokinbotham put O'Bnon on Don Quixote, sending tho filly Tiisuo for a com panion for a strong mile, the Doa finishing tho round alone, striding over the bill in good stylo. OApri and Pole Star, with O'Brlon and Rowo ia the saddle, dia a good working gallop for a milo, Oapei's jockey boing at him all the way. Hiwo kept tho eon of Angler book to him until pisnidg the winning poet, whou ho movod aloog for onotbor half-circle for strong work alouo, La Grand was oent a round ot the grass about three-parts p&oo;, moving nicoly. Eglington can orcd ana spurted fur throo or four (at- ?SrUow6,a Nonaonao audi Ouestorput in quiet oxaeciso, Mr Batty sont Yatoly a good striding gallop occo round tho turf, moving moo and fr oly. Ontario put in a oouplo of strong rounds on the sand, Deceiver joining in tbo laot round, tho son of Paolo going very strong. Ho ia looking remarkably wtll. Deceiver fiolahod up with another round alone. Thin horso is showing a lot of improvement, Yoeterd.iy Batty put hfm over tho fenoes, and at tho samo timo no gavo Ontario a oouplo of turns ovor tho hurdh s, bith jumping well. Umborto brushed nltng for halt a milo. Mr Connelly treated Friondloss and Syphon, the Utter with body aweatero on, to three or four roucds on tho sand, finishing ud about half-pnco, Anglor, Veritas and Midnight doing thrco rounds, onntering smartly. Yes terday Novelette and Qooen Bess galloped for a mile in company, finishing togotuor, ttio for mer having a bit tho beat o! tho weights. Mr Jones sont OoriolonuB nnd Tho Bohemian two or threo steady rounds, (trlding borne from tho turn oaen rouno. 100 lacror aoosj not look like a likoly Btnrter lor tho Guinea?., MelodioUB, with O'Biion up, cantered a ooupte, ol rounds, brushing homo from ths half-jnile% This filly is vory fresh and well. Mr Leek had Saramouche and Strugg... The former brushed along for half-a-mile.... Mr Campbell's Mozart, who cantered.... round, running strong over the ..... with the steeplechaser putting in a turns on the sand. t PMr Loog sent Oan«h ' 1 OIt" toit quiet , Kingfisher, and Eg- gTaes, tha tfVtf mb two laetnomed on tho MrDaw" - 'rom the turn, iiU and i- lvid 80®« mild wottff ioateidnytho wqj a gooduaefal gallop, on tha Derby fiuR, Uaofilog tho liUidle-racL." ,?? Qr 'our lengths. Hs should run very 'n tbo Goiooas. Dsrgo ard Oamerino wcra SSht good striding work yesterday tuorniog on tl o sand, thie morning being restricted to stwrg canteriug. Mr Robertson scat Cupola, O'Brien up, a sharp flovtn furlotg , Marry Fonolln joining him half a mile from homo, but fniliug to get on torccL he ran huiue throo or four longths in front of her, Mr T. G. Repel had Norfolk and Graco Darling going medium pace work on tho grow, Tbo Ghost doit g foilo quiet ororoiso ou tho sand. Burrn i-nri N'inolo cr.ntcrcd, brushing along for hnlf u xulo. OudRroy and Snnrtan cantered, tho latter ROE# a 6ooplo ot urfie over the hurdles, jump, ing very fairly. Berotford with hi nwnot in the saadlopatin scmo strorg work on the eand: the Inttd wont steady. Yesterday bo was doing a bit of echoolirg in company with Redoubt ond Now Babylon. Tho tetter camo te grief at tho third fmoe, end tho o iiiirs hitting them vory hard ell round— amateur riders up. 