[?] BY S. A. C. I am glad to report that the fishing season boa now tairly begun, aud, from all the reports from different quortera, as well as my auccess so far this season, I thiuk we may expect some fairly good sport. To-day I killed fourteen very nice ash (bream), weighing in all lujlb,, largest fish Ijlb. They were caught at the Bulls Paddock, anchored out from tbe bank about nine feet, and all taken with the white sand worm, which is the only bait at preseut to depend ou, tbe red worm being too soft, and if used is sucked bff by the small 'bream, which are iu almost countless' numbers ; hence my reason for aucboring out to avoid them. The very large bream have to come np yet, and I am sorry to say that great destruction goes on at tbe stone waU, or rather the green light, which is not only knowu tome, but others who witness it carried on, aud is done by those who probably would be least ex- pected. , Mr. Langridge, -Commissioner of 1 IVade and Custojna, informed a deputation of the Auglen Clhb, who waited upon him some little time ago, that he had a number of men who were watohiug and on the look-out for illegal netting. If so, I say that there is a great waste of money going on, as those ap pointed officially to protect the fishing interests as well as the present Fisheries Act are ; treated with the greatest contempt by the self-called fishermen. I think if Mr. Langridge, as' well as the officials of bis department, were to be guided a little by those who practically know the habits1; of the fish from long experience, the state of things as at present could be easily remedied. These self-styled fishermen, who rake and scrape about the mouth of the river, or up the river itself whenever they hear there has beeu half a bream caught by -an angler, are there .wjth their nets to illegally capture the other -half. I merely put it iu that way to show that the last ghost of any species of fish would be eagerly sought after. That is tbe true state of affairs, aud why, I ask, should it be so when it oould be easily remedied and ! regulated in many ways? 1 will point ont one ! from my lost eighteen years' successful experi- I enee of fish. Were there simply a close season J proclaimed to prohibit the sale 'of/bream only \ (understand, not the catohing with a rod and | line lot Sport 01 the table), fish-men and anglers alike oonld fish, but the fish oould not be legally exposed for Bale ; and I will give my reasons for that and the good that would result, say, from 1st September to 30th No vember t> be olose, prohibiting the sale. The bream would have free ingress to tha river, or egress from it in time of fresh or flood, which takes place occasionally between those dates. Consequently, by the end of November every river, creek, and stream would be well stocked, ana, consequently, an enormous qaantity of spawn deposited, whereas :now they are captured and slaughtered in all directions, which is a crying disgrace, a3 the bream far excels the English, treat out here for sport. Some might ask why. Simply, the trout grow to a very large size for some reason or other, and arc not near so game. A 2 or 31b. bream iu good condition requires most careful handling to secure him with the rod and line, aod as regards eating, there is no comparison. The bream is much superior in flavour. I do not mean to say anyone con5<l go to the market or the fish shop and make sure of procuring a bream worth eating unless it happened to be netted in our river. I allude to the Gippsland bream bronght by rail, also bream netted in the creeks, which travel perhaps all night per a spring cart. I say chi3 in conclusion : that any fish-eater who was in the habit of eating fish caught with hook and line, and carefully carried home, would never eat the majority of fish to be bought at the fish shops ; and to prove what I write I shall be glad if any flsh«eater who may be a member of the House, especially Mr. Langridge, would leave his address with me, and I will go and cater such a fish dinner that he will not forget in a hurry. 