,,.-,,. SOCIAL PURITY. V; , : It -is scarcely possible to read without feelings of ^rowand shame the report of the select committee upon a _ bill forth? prevention of contagious diseases which, about five; years ago, led to the passing of an Act for the; conservation.^ public health, an Act which deals with women only, allowing men to go scot free. Further and wiser legislation is impera tively Required, not that evil practice^ may be rendered innocuous\nd wrong-doers may escape the just penalty o their transgression, but that, so tar as P™««»»» -» T~'~ / evil may he hindered and prevented. We would not how ever, rely solely or chiefly on legal enactments, although they should be made applicable to men as well «? ™™Vj£ protect the latter not, as now, only up to the age of twelve years, but even up to eighteen or twenty-one years, but we would use all the moral and spiritual means we can bung to bear for the preservation of the purity of our youth and thereormationPof such as have unhappily Mien into sm It is obviously hopeless to prevent the degradation l o women . and children while we leave untouched the root of the evil, and content ourselves with lopping off here or there only a branch or a twig of the upas tree, under the dark shadow o which so many have miserably perished. The Bishop ot Durham well says :-' A more wholesome and righteous . ^bUc'pi'on m£* be created in the matter of social purity Not until it is generally recognised that the man who has i wrought a woman's degradation is at least as great an offender against society as the man who has robbed a till or the man w§ho has forged a cheque-nay, much _ greater for he has done a far more irreparable wrong-noc uun »uu«^ ™ prepared to visit such an offender with the severest LTa penalties will there be any real change for ^he .better . So long as the violation of purity is condoned m the one sex and visited with shame in the other our unrighteousness and unmanliness must continue to work out its own ternb le retribution. Is it beyond hope that,_ by invoking widely the principle of association on a very simple religious basis this end of creating a healthy public opinion may be obtained?' The need of such association m order powei fully to influence the Legislature on the one hand and effectively to teach the community on the other must _be admitted by all. The Bishop of Peterborough quoted I m the House of Lords the case of a poor working man whose child I of fifteen or sixteen had been inveigled into a den of infamy and who ascertained that he had no legal power to enter the hoiisl and take the girl away, though, as the Bishop sarcasti cally remarked, if the woman who kept the establishment had stolen his spoons instead of his daughter he could have 2one to a magistrate and taken out a search warrant, and entered the house, and recovered tne sroien P iop «JJv Ellice Hopkins truly writes :-' Whilst the Chmch is content to preach to her people that their bodies are temples of the Holy Ghost, and leave them to litter down like pigs every night-men and women, girls and boys together-in less spaSe than their corpses would be accorded with no prophet's denunciation of the upper classes for the selfish I carelessness of landlords and house-owners and muinci^ ties- whilst the tone of men is so deplorably low that the degradation of women is openly talked of as ' a necessary evil,' and openly paraded in our streets, one may weU fed hopeless as to the good of penitentiaries, except on the side , of the infinite preoiousness of the individual soul. In 1882 the Social Purity Society of South , Australia waB established. The Church of. England Purity Society wS formed uuder the auspice* of His Grace the Archbishop rjoff, .Canterbury at Lambeth Palace on 25th May, 1883. oThe .White Cross Army was inaugurated by the Bishop of Durham, and has, we believe, a great future before it* not ,-jO^ily inEngland and America but also in Australia, in raising Jjfch.er:inpral toke- and lifting up to a higher, purer life those i Upon whom,. it acts. No badge is worn by its members, ?'but1 the 'following pledge is signed : — ' I, ? , promise .jb'y' the, hjelp of God — 1. To treat all women with respedt, .,and' endeavour to protect them from wrong and degradation, ;2. .sTo . endeavour to put down all indecent language and -36ai,rseii;1jestsi 3. To maintain the law of purity as equally '^iti'iSing;' on men and Women. 4. To endeavour to spread ., these ;; principles, and to, try and help my younger brothers. -.5-. To Use every possible means to fulfil the command, ' Keep thyself pure.' ' The words of the spotless knight of old 'have been taken for its motto — -'.!.?;?». ..-. -?..?? My strength is as the strength of ten, ?'???iii,: .:. i Because my heart is pure. .'. , Cannot we form in this colony a branch of one or other of the above societies? Are. we ..not bound to do all in bur power to promote pure living and high thinking t Surely to us 'the .words apply, ' If thou forbear to deliver them that .are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain ; If thousayest, Behold, we knew it not; doth not He that ppndereth thy heart consider it ? and He that keepeth thy 'Bouj,'doth not He know it, and shall not He render to evefy .man according to his works V ; ?. 