.-?*;?. Band Nationalisation. No. vh. A T.AT SP.RMON OM' THE LAND. We cannot do better than supplement the brief account of the latest phase into which the land nationalisation movement in Great Britain has entered, which we have given in the preceding paper of this series, than by laying before our readers a full report o£ a discourse on the subject, ?which it was our privilege to hear delivered in Tower Hamlets, London, one Sunday moraing three or four years ago. As we have already Btated, we have the permission of the author to publish his ' Lav Sermon on the Land.' No man can serve two masters 5 for, either he ?will hate the one and iove tne otaer, or eise ne will hold to the one- and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and Mammon. Therefore I eay link) you take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink ; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on._ Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment ? Behold the birds of the air ; for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they ? Which of you, bytafeing thought, can add one cubit unto his stature? And why take ye thought for raiment ? Consider the lilies of the field how they grow % and yet I say unto you. that Solomon, in all his glory, was not arrayed lite one of these. Therefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to-day is and to-morrow is cast into the oven, shall He not much more clothe you, O, ye of little faith? Therefore, take no thought, saying, What shall we eat ? or what shall we drink ? or wherewithal shall we ba clothed ? For after all these things do the Gentiles seek; for your heavenly Father knoweth that yo have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these- things shall be added unto you. Take, therefore, no thought for the morrow; for the raorrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. — SIatthew VI., 24 to 34,. Sisters and brothers, fill of you have probably heard many sermons on portions of the passage from the Sermon on the Mount, which forms the test or motto of the discourse that I am about to address to yon ; but I confidently venture to assert that not one of you ever heard any official expounder of Christian doctrine, at any time, or on any occasion, refer, even in an inferential and casual way, to the teaching of the Pounder of the Christian'F&ith; on the land ques tionj or, to be more precise, on the relation which human beings occupy, or ought to occupy, towards the land on which they live. And yet this i3 manifestly the subject dealt with in the, paragraph I have selected' for our consideration this morning. On this most vital, important, and urgent of all the economical, political, social, moral, and religious questions of the day, the Church has been silent ; and, if we except the Catholic Bishop of Meath,the Catholic Arehliiliop of Cashel, and a few Protestant as weil as. Catholic clergy, wliosa utterances on the subject, I may remark, have been strictly non- official, 1 know' of no clergyman, of any denomination who has denounced and condemned the inherent and heinous iniustice of the eidsting land system. The attitude of the Christian church in all its I varied branches towards the dominant institution of private property in land ie, at the present moment, exactly similar to that occupied by the. Christian ciiurcli towards tlie institution or private property in human beings, before the advocates of tlie abolition of slavery had vir tually triumphed in their noble and heroic en deavours to rid the earth of that foul iniquity. That great and glorious cause vras fought lor and gained by men and women who were ' without the gate' of every ecclesiastical organisation, and they won it by their own devoted efforts, without the assistance of any of the recognised authorities or officials cf any of the churches. The emancipation of the bodies and souls of human beings from the thxaldom of slavery has now, however, been heartily welcomed and adopted by the vast majority of the men and women, who bear the Christian name, and it has ever been accepted by them as a practical applica tion of Christianity to the regulation of the rela tions of human beings towards one another. But as yet very few Christians are aware that, there i3 flourishing in every Christian country an institution which is essentially as unjust and as iniquitous, and which perhaps, esercises even a still more widespread, disastrous, and evil in fluence on the soul3 and bodies of men than slavery ever did. In these circumstances, when the clergy of all the churches and their fioeks are equally insensible and indifferent to the gigantic evils that reside in and flow from the existing land system, I hope I may 3-3 excused if I, a lay man, destitute of everything that could pesBibly. be described as authority — and not, I may say, at all concerned about its absence — should attempt, to the best of my ability, to direct attention to the teaching of Jesus of Nazareth oa this great and most important subject. I shall begin witii an exposition of the passage I have chosen as my test or motto, as the reader may not at a first glance see its bearing upon tho land question ; and I shall confine myself strictly to it, and avoid reference to other scriptural texts which might be cifced in support of ray interpretation. It will not be necessary to attempt +.t\ mto anv exhaustive account of the two masters who are contrasted with and opposed to each other in tae two opening sentences. God and Hammon embody the conflict in^ ideas and motives of unselfishness and selfishness ; and the preacher assumes that those he addresses hold by the formeranddispise the latter. It is upon this assumption that his whole argument isbassd. ' Therefore' — that is because we cannot serve God and Mammon, because you cannot, in a spirit of self-sacrifice, devote yourselves to the promotion of the wel fare and the elevation of the minds and hearts of. your fellowtaen, as you in your hearts really wish to do, if you are engrossed in self-seeking, and' worried by carMng cares. ' Therefore/* he proceeds, 'take no thought for your life, what, ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on.' There is more than meat end drink and raiment and shelter — which is but another sort of xa ment, though it does not directly touch the fiMn — there is more than these things needed ; for ' Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?' Then follows, as the reason why men should not worry themselves about food and; clothing, a reference to what some of us would; call the economy of Nature., but which Jesus ?would have termed the economy of God, as it aSects the birds of the air and the lilies of the field. Your Heavenly ITather f eedeththe fowls of the air and clotheth the grass of the field. 'Are ye; not much better than they? Oh, ye of little; faith I' Think you, that God, who has provided 50 bountifully for the wants of the animal crea tion, and haa so sumptuously clothed the iiiieax-£ the field, has neglected to provide for the wants Df his human creatures ? Tour Heavenly Father fcnoweth that ye have need of all these things — of meat, and drink, and raiment, — and He has provided them all for you in amplest abundance. £ Therefore/'- Jesus reiterates, 'take no Hy/mtTh+..' or to srive more emphatic and cor rect expression to the idea, 'take no anxious thought, saying, What shall we eat, or what shall jre drink, or wherewith shall we be clothed ?' Tour trouble and worry cannot really accomplish any thing. ?' Which of you, by taking thought, can add one cubit unto his Btature ? And Jwhy take ye thought for the rest ?' It is God alone who giveth the increase. Human labour and skill eannot actually and really produce anything. Our economists tell ns, and tell us truly, that land and labour are the primary factors of pro duction, the-pmnary sources of all wealth. The land, indeed, is the source of all wealth, of every thing that maintains human existence, and contributes to human comfort ; and the land, including the eea and the atmos phere, is the only source of wealth. All wealth, in Bhorfc, comes originally from nature. 'The earth is the Lord's, and the ful UesB thereof .' . Labour -and skill may, however, increase the irield of the coil, and the water, and the heat, and: SB light 1 and may, and do, fashion the producer to 'forms that render it more attractive and use^ tul, and more permanently attractive and xisefuL io man than it was in its natural state* .and this service is not only of the very greatest import-, foce, but it is evei\ nabsolutely «idiBpenwbJe4 Man has high and necessary: functions toperform with hand, head, and heart ; and is not, like the rest of the animal and vegetable creation, like the birds of the air n-rm the grass of the field, an involuntary and unconscious element in the natural order of things-; but, by his mind and will, he can assist, or retard and defeat — within certain limits, no doubtj but to an extent that may determine the fate or fortune of countless thousands of his fellow beings — the obvious designs, the aims, and the objects of creation, He has a choice before him ; he can, as Jesus puts it, serve either God or Mammon. He may neglect and ignore and trample upon the rights of his fellow, beings, and concentrate his whole heart and. mind and soul on the pro motion of his own interests, and the inte rests of his family, and of the class who enjoy similar privileges to himself'; or he may strive devotedly to redress the wrongs of the poor and tbe weak, and to live and act in the spirit of what Theodore Parker well calls ' the one. reli gion—love to the Father and love to. the Son — to. mankind here on earth, for mankind is the Son of God.' I shall only be following out this line of thought if I pass on, and complete my survey of the argument in the paragraph with which' I am. dealing. Having counselled his hearers against taking anxious thought about the neceE saries of life, and shown, them that their Heavenly Father knoweth that they have need of all these things, and plenteously provides them all, Jesus at once proceeds to state the conclusion ?of the whole matter. ' But seek ye first the ?Kingdom of God and His righteousness, sad all these things shall be added unto you.' What is the Kingdom of God ? That is tha first question that has to be grappled with ; and, if ifc be possible, answered conclusively. Well, I tbink thatthe Kingdom of God is a kingdom or realm where God prevails. Justice, equity, and frater nity must prevail there; and, mark, it is not only the 'Kingdom of Gad''' that Jesus ?urges his hearers to seek to establish, and to maintain, but also the ' righteousness' of *Gk-d ; and the certain result of the establishment of the kingdom of righteousness of God, and «venof an earnest and wise eeeTcing after it, will, the Great Teacher assures us, be that all these things — meat and drink and raiment— will foe 'added' unto us. God haa provided meat and ??drink -and raiment to supply all the wants of £h& human family as bountifully and- beneficently as he Ting supplied the wants of tae birds of the air and of the grass of the field; bat the distribution of the necessaries of life, which God has furnished for mankind is determined, in a large measure, by inan himself, and if nian does not ' seek ~£rst the Kingdom of God and Hie righteousness/' and manage his aliairs iii accordance with the principles of Gad's kingdom and God's righteousness, the vast majority of the human race will be deprived of the bounty of Heaven. The solution that Jesus indicates of the problera raised by the widespread -and' constant anxiety caused by poverty in the world where there is superabundance to supply all the needs and desires of the whole human race, seems to me to be the establishment of a system of Government by laws that embody the principle of righteous ness, and this is ihs principle wiiich is most utterly frustrated by the land system under which the people of this country, aad tl.e people throughout nearly the whols of Oliriatendoia, are now keenly suffering. It would certainly be a serious defect of the Christian religion if it did not comprise any ?maxim or principle by whichitlie justice or in justice, the legitimacy or illegitimacy, of prc psrty in laud could be decided ; for 011 the land system, or the relation in which the people stand towards the soil in which, and from which they live, the fabric o£ society is necessarily based, and its character and stability are determined. Does the soil and the water — sea, river, and lake, as well as continent and island — rightly belong to tae people, or only to a smau section of the peoole, who, through 'possession,' and not through any merits of their own, neither through their wisdom and their virtue, nor chrough any service they have ever rendered to their fellow men, hold these natural ageats as their exclusive private property. In truth, and as a necessary consequence of that unjust and immoral position they have occupied and now occupy, the landlord class has exercised, and will ever exercise, a most basei'al influence alike on tke moral and material condition of the community that is subject to its rule. There is no possibility of denying that the power which prosperity in land puts into the hands of a few has had 'a most demoralising influence on its holders ; and it ia even, if possible, etiil more clear and unmistakable that the power of life and death which the posse3Eion of land as private property allows tbe 'landlord class to wield has sunk the masses in every country in which it lias been instituted to -extreme depths of poverty and. degradation, and has even not infrequently, starved thousands to death, in tiiis fair world of God. To bo sure, the great body of the people have been themselves largely to blame. They have not had the intel ligence to discern, except fitfully, their natural andinaHeiiable,bccs,nEeindispsnsable,riglittotlie land on whioh and from which they have always lived, and always must live, and they have not. had the necessary public spirit, the necessary interest in and loyalty towards their fellow men ; or in Jesus's words, they have not sought after ' the Kingdom of God and His righteousness ' with that earnestness which, would have enabled them to repel the inrcaas that the sons of 'Hammon have- made on their heritage. Consequently, they find themselves in a far inferior position to that of tlie birds ef the -air and the grass of the field as regards the supply of -the necessaries of life ; being practically ex cluded from all participation in the bounty pro vided for them by their Creator and the Creator of the world, and reduced to a state of subjection and servitude, under which they owe their very existence to the euSeranco of the privileged class that legally, but unjuB«2y, hGldposseBslonx»f the soil. Here it oeonrs to me to ask if it was the aim and intention of the founder of the Christian religion to establish ' the Kingdom of God and His righteousness ' upon this earth, during the lapse of time; or, as many of the official expounders of ids doctrines seem to believe and teach, did he only entertain the idea of estab lishing God's kingdom in Heaven, throughout the eternity of the future, or in some other world than this ? In my opinion, Jeans clearly -meant to establish God's ? kingdom here and now. In the prayer that He taught His disciples, the very first petition to the 'Father runs : — '. Thy Mngdom come s Thy will -he done-oa earth. as it is iu Heaven ;' and God'-e -will, certainly, can merer he -done -on earth soIorLg&s.tae;^gigaai- tic evil aaidinjustice-of property -inland prevails, andtlie vast majority of the human iE.ee ^are de prived of and excluded irom theirprimary and ' indispensable Tights to a natural element that is as necessary to their .existence and ifceir welfare as is the air they breathe. Heinrlch Heine was, perhaps, a somewhat .strange apostle -of theee -latter days; but he was, as he described himself, 'A. gallant soldier of the Holy Ghost/' and he -believed in the possibility of establishing, and in his own queer way worked for the establishment of the Kingdom of Heaven here, under the 6ky,fiS well as above it. One of his poems opens with this verge : — O, freunde, will icli each diqitea. TrVir wollen iiier, aaf erden, Ecfcon, Daa JEUmmel'e— roioh errlehten. (A new -song, a better «ong, O J friends, will I sing to you. We shall hero, on this earth, soon ?setup the very Kingdom of Heaven). One word more beiore dosing, or rather, before breaking oft, this discourse. Of course, the lay man who has given 'Utterance to these somewhat disjointed thoughts will be laughed at-for seri ously and earnestly advocating the seeking defter an earthly '^Kingdom of Heaven' that 'would; secure the just distribution of meat and drink and' raiment to all mankind ; and I fear that Chris tian men and women wQl regard him as an enthusiast, or even as .an ecstatic, notwithstand ing the .plain injunctions of the Foun'deriof their Faith. He will, doubtless, be told that the world cannot be governed byjusfcaud noble and self- : denyingmen, but must Eflwaysbe tinder subjection ^ to -** sovereigns and statesmen,' and be ruled by *' blood arid iron.*' And TfeinklF_ confess that but little progress has been made since theeze cuiion of Jesus towards *he .establishment on earth of anything approximating to Ms. Kingdom of Heaven; but, nevertheless, I shall iwB|^.J»i*eri3i^he a3pjra^pn,-ena to seek. after and work for its practical realisation, and it is my firm conviction that, at the present mo ment, the. best, and most needed service that can be done to the human race is, the promulgation of sound doctrines in regard to the land, -with the view to its eventual,' and, I hope, speedy resumption by the people, whose inalienable and indispensable heritage it is. RUFUS. 