A MINER ON THE LAND BILL. i>fr John Scarlett, of Bothanga, has ad dressed I ho follo wing letter to the " People's Tribune — As an old colonist and practical miner in the early days of that branch of national industry, aud as one si ill ivsidingia a mining district, lam surprised, beyond measure, at that extreme apathy and indifference exhibited by the miners, t i l -a mining boards, and last of all, by tim representatives < f our mining con stituencies in tho Legislative Assembly, re-'iprciiug the- provision-; of the Land Bill, now in tho course of r . view by the Upper House, J ills hill mr, , i taken as the ilfituiicmen' ni land Icgi-iaiion by our Yic- forian Parliament. Such being the case, it becomes an imperative duly on the part j of all who dc-iire to see rino rights of tils ! g iir-nd public conserved to watch with ' rigid j.nloitsy tho farciai puce of lvgisla'ion ; proposing to distribute am! appropriate 1 what little remains of tlt.it grand putri- | luoiiy which '"as conferr- d np-m the people j of Victoria, by the constitution of 1855, j the soil ui our adopted country. Since the ! days of tha Laud Convention in 1S57 no mure critical time has been seen than t'ae prc.ji-nf, concerning land tenure. There is one section oE the community whose ii.i: r sis will, and :ans; be, terribly compromised, if not annihilated, should the bill become law in if s present shape. By the provision of the bill as it now stands, tlie rights and privileges of the miners conferred upon them by the provisions of the 5th clause of the Mining Statute "to 1 i ,kj and remove dead or live timber for mining purposes from Crown Lauds" will Iu uit.wiy swi-pt away. By the issue of licenses for " pastoral allotments" and "grazing acres" under this bill, that grand aiiciout light, to take timber from Crown Lands by holders of " ir.iner3 rights," is completely ignored. Oil those " allot ments' and "areas"' the miner is still auiliurised and permitted to go in and for gold, but there bis rights csase aud determine. Not a stick of timber can he touch, unless having a license under this Act. All the Grown lands so licensed and leased become to the gold-seekr a terra tiinoi/utla. Such will bo the posi tion of the minor, no matter whether lie is an individual miner, or a member of a mining company. The question then arises : What will be the practical result of this It requires no far-sighted wis dom to sec that mining operations in these days are not what they were in primitive times, when gold could be got in abundance by a little manual labor, com bined with rude and simple appliances. Now, the most approved and advanced inechanical art ami skill is demanded, coupled wiih latest intricate and elaborate scientific discoveries, aided and supported by a liberal supply of capital, before the gokl can be extricated from the natural clemen Is in which t-hey are cnc.-is id. In addition lo all this a large and ever in creasing consumption of timber for props, laths and fuel is indispensably necessary for the successful and remunerative earry- | ing out of gold mining. J By the doth clause of this Laud Bill, ''grazing acreiis" of one thousand acres are allowed to be taken up, the lessee of which is compelled by the conditions of 1)13 lease to fence it in within three years from the date of the lease, after which the J miner cannot enter upon this sacred territory for a supply of timber to enable him to work his mine. For this area the lessee has to pay from 2d to 4d per acre, while tho miner who may hold a few acres in the immediate vicinity of this grazing area, for a gold mining, has to pay at the rate of 103 per acre, without having the ghost of a title to acquire the fee sim ple of land held by liim for mining purposes. On the other hand, the 1 lessee of the grazing area can at any time I take up ail allotment of 320 acres of sucii grazing area as an agricultural allot- I meat, and ultimately get his title in fee simple for such allotment. All this time the miner ha3 to remain outside of the lessee's fence surrounding this grazing area of 1000 acres, looking wistfully at tho timber inside, of which he stands so much in need to carry ou the operations of his mine. The miner is reduced to the des perate position of the poet of the John- soman age, of whom Maculay writes : — " That he would be found standing at the doer of at? eating-house in Porridge Island, sniffing up the smell of that which j he could not afford to taste." By the 100th clause of this bill, heavy penalties I are imposed upon any person who cuts or takes any'timber from Grown lsnd3, unless authorised under this Act, How is such I a provision to bo reconciled with the rights conferred by the 5th clause of tho Mining Statute. 1S65, which statute is confirmed and continued by the 2nd clause of this biU I In the north-eastern districts of Vic- I toria tlie ranges are clothed with luxuriant herbage to their, very summits, and will be all absorbed under this system in 100-acre "grazing areas." While, at the same time, the ores discovered recently in that district are of such a nature that the gold can only be extracted by " blast-furnaces" of the newest aud most approved descrip tion. In these districts the lessees of I those grazing areas and the owners of mining leases must come into hostile collision, when the question of procuring timber for those mines comes to be solved. It seems to me an almost inexplicable ques tion how the Government framed such a bill in the first place, and how, in the second place, the popular branch of the Legislature tacitly allowed the bill to pass in its present shape. The representatives of the mining constituencies in the House seem to have forgotten, like the foolish J virgins, to put oil in their lamps, and the consequence is the miners will be left out- sido in the cold. Far more reprehensible is the conduct of the Mining Boards throughout the colony, who are supposed to be the special guardians of the miners. It is a humiliating fact, but it need not create much surprise, a3 it is long since those bodies ceased to be a true reflex of the views and interests of the miners. Selectors, butchers, news-agents anc publicans constitute the Mining Boards as j now existing, and it is not to be expected , that such a " motley crew" — having little or no interest " in common" with the miners — will giv-i much trouble or concern whether they sink or swim. __ j Now, Mr Editor, the discussion of this \ subject would require far more time and I space than can be condensed in this coai- I munication; but thi3 I will sy, in coiiom- I sion, that if this bill is allowed to become law in its present shape, then the days of sorrow and distress and 'misfortune raiust speedily follow to the mining interests oi Victoria. 