BRITISH AND FOBEIÇt$.ITEMS',' ss '-~ The Count de Chambord left £10,000 to the fund of Peter's pence." . i j . . j An American jeweller has a clock that goes one year and thirty-five days' without winding. , ' , j Emblem fans from Vienna are made of cork with proverbs or signatures on the leaves. A parcel of land in London recently sold for a price which would have made an aero cost £600,000. ,, . In Ceylon the coffee is to a great extent giving place to cinchona, and other market able productions. In twelve more Iib 3,353,005 umbrellas, some of them brilliant in colour, were imported into India. The Government of France has to" be good for its telegrams from Tonquin on the London and New York Press. The Emperor of Brazil has given Professor Lacerda £4,000 for his discovery of an antidote for the bite of the cobra. The Jardid d'Acclimatation of Paris has added to its many scientific attractions a panorama of the antediluvian world. The French are experimenting with a new rifle designed for infantry use, which is said to discharge three projectiles at a time. The treatment of leprosy is becoming a hard problem in India. In the Bombay Presidency 9,483 cases are under treatment. Seven now hotels of more than ordinary size are going up in London. Four of them are to contain about a thousand bedrooms each. Three hundred guns protect the Thames and Medway. One fort near Sheerness hsB '14 Rises, ranging from 18 to 12 tons. A recent report of the actuary of an English life insurance company shows by statistics that the average duration of life has been increased. A singular discovery of an ancient document has been made at Erie, Pennsylvania, involving a claim against the British Government for £400,000. According to the last census the number of millionaires in Berlin is larger than had hitherto been supposed, amounting to upwards of 600 persons. 'A Hungarian Low Rent to a Vienna paper a grain of wheat' on which he had written, 309 words taken from Thott'a book WVienna. ' "-l r ~-< to. l { Messrs. Siemens and Halske have received a concession from the Austrian Government for seven electric railways through the town of Vienna, to form one connected system. The first concession is for six months, The increase of population in France since 1872 is said to be in no small measures due to the immigration of the inhabitants of Alsace-Lorraine. The house in which Daniel O'Connell was born is now a neglected ruin. The roof long ago fell in, and the stone walls inside and out are overgrown with ivy. Mr. Ryder, embryology of the United States Fish Commission, has solved the problem of the Zulus re of oysters from artificially impregnated eggs. The total sporting capital of Scotland is estimated at about £12,000,000 sterling, The sporting routes of the shire of inverness alone is estimated at £00,000 a year. The railway companies in England are about to collect and deliver ltiggagoata moderate charge, which is much opposed by the cabmen, of whom there are about 15,000 in London. i H ! The University of Edinburgh is soon to celebrate the 301)th*c anniversary of its establishment. The Occasion will be commemorated by expenditure of £30,000 on new buildings, i us At the end of the year 1882 the deposits in the English Post-Office Savings Banks were nearly (£40,000,000. During the year over a quarter of a million now do positions opened accounts with the banks. The G union steamer Alaska recently made the trip from Liverpool to New York in six days 21 hours and 20 minutes. One day's Bailing was 30 miles. wide The Lord Advocate of Scotland has refused to institute criminal proceedings against the Highland It and way Co. for " breach of the old Scottish law regarding Sabbath observ Race by running trains on Sunday." , ., The new Metropolitan Opera House at New York, the largest opera house in the world, has just been opened. The dimensions of the auditorium are 66ft, deep, 39ft. wide, and 32ft. high and the stage is 100ft. wide, and 20ft. deep. There are 121 city in Europe in which telephones! are in use, having a total of 30,OGG subscribers in Asia there are seven, with 426 in Africa four, with 240 in -election 120 with 40,185, and in Austria four, with 80". . ' Natives of the Grand Duchy of Finland evade military service, it has! been discovered, by going to St. Petersburg and committing petty theft, the law of Finland prohibiting those who have been convicted of theft from serving in the army. ' ° "I The Clyde trustees have taken the energetic resolve to light that river for 20 miles below Glasgow in much the same manner as public thoroughfares are ! lighted. ; By means of an ingenious adaptation of the electric ( light, All Duboscq hostess ' duced the novelty of a rainbow at the Grand Opera, Paris The prismatic colours and shape of the arc are perfectly reproduced. Thor) English Wesleyan Methodists are gratified to and that they have increased their church membership by 4.3,331 during the past-! year, which follows a similar increase past year. ." '-, ' f'f ' Tlio'^itriarican Presbyterian missionaries 1 westerner to their posts in Egypt after 1 thVHr'ar are labouring as diligently as over, but ivith'morb'mahitest Vokona of success. Mr 'J)aBJAfchoí Berlin, states that a " death, "iB&W;" of Luther is still in existed, in" the possession of the Marienbibliothok, at Hallo.^lF'was made on February 21, 1510, wHen the Great Reformers body rested in the High Church at Halle, units way from ßislobon,to vViltenburg. - ^r*^l»ri;a'numbeVuf^lrs*famottohiroilmna» 'Yorkshire (England) mill ownorsj'wll'o¡25 years ago outshone the torrnoriäTmig- notes iii. other lavish splendour of thou eSEybljshmotits, are now living almost in obscurity. Inspire cases their condition is on the verge of penury. _ , j j ! The fish caught by English, fishermen every year' are estimated to be worth about JÇ8,00Q',000,and those by Scotchmen £3,000,000.;-. The fish taken immediately , off the coast of Ireland are worth only j£500,000 ; yet the Irish seas, up noted for their abundance of fish ~ 'V," , . Sarah Bernhardt's attacks on her, husband have done him great service. His salary Jonas been doubled his acting is highly praised, and he has been offered the chief parts in plays by Dumas, Octave Femllot and "George chief. Perhaps there is a thrifty method in the conjugal infelicity of the pair. Mr. William Black, having been written to in regard to the pronunciation of "Yo laude," sent the following reply : " They say the author's spelling was planned To make the people pronounce Yolande ; And who could think 'around be found handy " To use the cumbrous form'Yolando? Though those who wished a rhyme for Hol- land r "n Were doubtless welcome quite to Yolande ; But now upon us it has dawned Th as better far to say Yolande." A party of Italian scientists have just returned from an expedition to the South Pacific, having proved to their own, satis- faction that a race of giants once existed in, Patagonia. In wandering over Terra {deljFuego they found human bones of mAr.Yalkmsly large size. . idea that of electric railway- car signals had been made on one of the New York elevated roads Each engine is provided with a battery, and when two trains are on^tfjo same section of track the circuit is closed) and(the electric bell on each engine rings until one of the trains clears the sectional' -', It is mentioned, in illustration of the rage in England for postage stamp collection, that a well-known London collection recently sold for £8,000 or more than twice as much as the famous Rothschild collection brought. 6, It seems odd to read of the rejoicings which took place last month on the marriage of the daughter of Sir Francis Drake. The company were shown the flags of the great Sir Francis Drake, and the plate given him by Queen Elizabeth. Timothy Shields, of Howard County, Maryland, stands 6ft. 2in. in his stockings, and weighs 2200. Bo has four children, three of vi horn are Sons, averag- ing 6ft. 2in. in height, and weighing 281., 2308., and 240ft, respectively Mr. Nesbit, the famous analyst, has discovered a process of dyeing flowers by absorption through the stem. A bouquet recently carried by the Princess of Wales, composed of large lilies, was tinted in this manner in delicate blue and pink tones. The German Admiralty has elaborated a scheme for more rapidly effecting demobilisation of the marine forces The existing regulations have been perfected and extended, so that no flesh can be mobilised more quickly than the German. ) The hours of Brigham Young, the Mor- mon prophet, have brought an action against President Taylor and other officers of the Mormon Church for the recovery of half a million of dollars, which the farmer allege to have been stolen from Young's estate. _ ' ''' The Chmdiman says: -"It is historically true that the Puritans in Cromwell's time gave to a child the name 'Had Christ not - died for thee - thou - hadat - been damnod-Barobonos.' He became a member of Parliament and all his names were dropped, except the last, but he was familiarly le own as 'Damned Baro boiled.' " , Readers of "Homer will be interested to learn that Dr. Schliemann iso-.nployingi his leisure at his native village in Mecklenburg in completing a. new English translation of his favourite Greek poet. nA dailyrEngliah~paper has been lately I started Paris called the'Moriitnff News, and thbTinitter softness if the giving a lesson to the French journals, for it can towns The latest information from all parts of the world, when the French papers only favour their readers with the meagre telegrams of the Agence Hands, which are generally two or three days behind any other telegraphic source of information. The Duke of Beaufort is about to play the part of an editor. He is supervising the preparation of a series of small volumes dealing with sporting matters. The series will be called the " Badmin- ton. The German language is taught in nearly all the white public schools of St Louis. The entire number of pupils who are now studying Gorman is over 20,000, or more than half of the whole number of pupils in all the schools of St. Louis. , The ringing of the curfew bell was resumed at Stratford-on-Avon on the night of September 11. One of the interesting features of this revival of an ancient cue tion is the fact that the curfew is rung upon the soil which was tolled at Shakespeare's funeral. The man named Clark, who has euc-, ceded to some of the duties of the late John Brown in Queen Victoria's service, and nephew of Brown. Nearly require all the servants at Balmoral are either Brown. or Clerks. ( , At the State banquet given to the Gor man Emperor in the 'Palm Garden at Frankfort, the Imperial table was ornamented by a magnificent display of gold plate sent by Baron Rothschild. In the middle was the famous centrepiece purchased from the city of Nuremberg, which is valued at £36,000. The whole service is worth over £100,000. - Sewing, cutting, and fitting are taught in all the girls' primary schools in France, and the programme for the higher prices. rica includes household industries and some of the trades particularly adapted to women. The most important measure of the Liberal party with reference to the education of women in France is the law of December, 1886, under which succes for girls are being organised. i The Queen's action in bestowing the decoration of the Order of, the Garter on Prince Albert Victor, who is still a minor, has excited much comment, it being against the precedent to bestow it upon anyone not of full age. Her method of doing it, all, in the drawing-room at B moral, with none present but the Princess Beatrice was also singular. A year ago, when the first number of Harper's Christmas was brought out, it I was understood that the publication was i to bean, annual one. However, there will be rio Harper's Christmas for 1883. The enormous expense of preparing the illustrations and text, it is said, made the venture a not entirely profitable one, and the experiment is not likely to be re- a period. j A French inventor, who has patented a machine for the use of concentrated | solar rays as a general motive power, has set up three of his machines in Algeria, for the French Government. He is now carrying on experiments at the island of Porquorollos, near Byron, in France, where,, hons threshing Indian corn and raising water by the action of the sun's rays. It is proposed to bridge over the Straits of Messina. Signor Giambastiana (the chief engineer of the Italian approaches to the St. Godard Tunnel) has drawn up a scheme for this purpose, in which he proposes to have five openings, the three middle to be each. of 100yds. in length, and the two solutions to be half that length. The pillars are to be of granite, and the openings to be spanned by arched girders of steel. ! v.-,Dr.)Hopkinson, the rising electrician, has so improved on Edison's dynamo machine (the Z) that it will now feed 200 -Mleaodeaoeut-Jights,-instead of CC , as heretofore, with a proportionate increased expenditure of power. This is all in the fright direction. It has been fully demonstrated that, on all sides, incandescent lamps are superior in every respect to gas lights what is now required is to render them cheaper. It is a curious fact that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burning alone can scarcely destroy it. The authorities have in a little glazed frame the remnants of a note which was in the great fire at Chicago. Though completely charred and black, the paper holds together, and the note is sufficiently legible to establish its genuineness and to be cashed. Two thousand pounds is the prize which France offers for the discovery which shall enable electricity to be applied economically in one of the following directions : Asa source of boat, of light, of chemical action, of mechanical power, as a means of the transmission of intelligence, or of the treatment of disease-the prize being open to all nationalities, and to be awarded in December, 1887. A European savant is said to assume in theorising about the origin of petroleum, that through some of the fissures in the crust of the earth, occasioned by the upheaval and depression of the surface water percolated to the carburetted metals, and acting upon them at high temperature and elevated pressure, formed metallic oxides and J saturatedJ hydro-carbon : the latter rose in the form of vapour and became convertible into liquid. " The Chinese are not the soldiers that the French are," says ex Congressman Bookwalter, who has just been round the world, " but they have a clear policy. They are the beat diplomatists in the world. The Chinese state Office is regarded as the keenest on the globe. The influence of the Chinese among all those Eastern people is subtle and perfect. Fancy the accuracy and skill of a Government which, under one system, can control 450,000,000 people." The Academy says :-" Perhaps the handsomest book that has issued from the English press in recent years is "The Life of Don John of Austria," on which the late Sir W. Stirling Max- well spared no labour of research, and his representatives have spared no expense. It appears in two folio volumes, in an edition of only 115 copies, at the price of 25 guineas. That such a book should be published in such a style is not inappropriate, but the general public will be glad to hear that another edition may shortly be expected in a more accessible form." Whittier's Lines to the Chambermaid. -A chambermaid at the Asquam House, Holderness,, NH., says the Boston Traveller, made bold to ask John G. Whittier, who was staying there, for his autograph. He complied with the request, signing his name after the following impromptu lines The truth the English poet saw Two centuries back is thine " Who sweeps a room as by God's law, Makes room and action line." And in thy quiet ministry To wants and needs of ours, I see How grace and toil may well agree. Tis rather wheat impromptu, but it is a pity that Whittier did not quote correctly. Old George ' Herbert, in his poem " The Elixir," says : A servant with this clause ! i Makes''drudgery divine; Who sweeps a room as for thy laws, \- - Makes that and the action line. A distinction with quite a difference. * "A lineal descendant of Oliver Crom- well; the late Cromwell Fleetwood Varley, devised the first successful Atlantic cable, it is said, and foretold that it would be used at tho rate of fifteen words a minute, as the result of his experiments with an ingeniously contrived artificial line, whereby he could obtain resistances and induction equal to that on long cables. The Japan Weekly Mail gives publicity to a terrible story which comes by telegram from Hiroshima. It is to the effect that on the night of September 3, at about 10 o'clock, a fire broke out at the gaol, and spread with such rapidity that all the buildings from the first to the 12th ward were destroyed in a very short space of time. In each ward from 30 to 80 criminals are confined, and it is stated that the occupants of the fourth and fifth wards, 61 persons in all, were burned to death, while 150 prisoners were more or less severely injured. One hundred and twenty escaped, but of these 15 were recaptured the same night. The Bishop of Lichfield announces to his clergy that he has founded a new chemical older-for what precise purpose does not 'transpire to which,," after much deliberation and prayer," he has decided to give the name of the "Pastoral Order of the Holy Ghost." j 2Ynt7i gives adonialtothe " foolish story that a marriage is contemplated between the Princess Louise of Wales and the Duke of Portland. It is, of course, pure fiction and considering that the young Princess is not yet 10, and that he will not be formally introduced into society for another 18 months it would have been more in accordance with go A ' taste to have postponed all such wild speculations for some time to come" ' . ! London Truth says of the Gosforth Park Coursing meeting ; ',' It is outports but merely an excuse for gambling among some of the vilest ruffians in the country. The promoters of such pmdemoniaanl orgies ought to be whipped at the cart's tail, and their patrons with them. It is a public disgrace that such ghastly bar-' barley should be allowed.' The mjiBt abandoned Bavagcs would disdain such vile cruel ties. " Coursing of trapped hares was the chief offence ' ' ~ in a certain " beauty competition that has been going on for some time in, the interests of advertisement, ''Miss-, Kate Vaughan, at the closing of the poll,, headed the list with 1,208 votes, and after" her came Miss Daisy Vera with 1,171. Mrs Langtry bad 1,012 ; Miss Cameron 310 ; Miss Ellen Terry, ' 250 : Miss Emily Duncan, 154 ; Mrs. Maddick; 13.0 ; Miss Phyllis Broughton, 117; ondMiis'A'ddie Gray, 214. 'n' The Queen recently inspected a large ring made by Mr. J. W. Benson, of Old Bond- street, for the King of Siam. It will be used by His Majesty once a year for various ceremonies est head of the Bnddliis's in Eastern India. It is believed to be the largest that has over been made. The centre stone, which is of great lustre, is one and a quarter inch: in diameter, and 13 encircled by a ruby, emerald!, sapphire, and five other stones, cut cabochon shape. The mounting, is very light and elegant, though strong, and embodies emblems of the mystic faith of Buddhism. The Literary Freedom of Europe. " The trial is expected shortly to come on of the editor of the Trieste /iidejieiWcnfc, who was recently arrested on a charge of high treason, arising out of a criticism in his paper upon a melodrama which was founded on an incident in Triestino history. His predecessor is also in prisoner a similar charge, and the editing of the journal is at present provisionally in the hands of a member of the corps of com- missionaries, no journalist being found willing to undertake so dangerous a post.", r_, ! Some extraordinary disclosures were made at the hearing of an alleged marine insurance conspiracy case at Bow-street, London. It warranted that the cargo of the Denia, worth. only £4,230, was insured, for £43,200. £150 i worth of feathers were insured for £1,100; £80 worth of pig's hair, described as bristles, was insured for £24,560 and clover seed, not on board, was insured for £7,000. This is only another proof (says the P.M. Gazette) of the necessity^which'has long been admitted for legislation" on the subject of marine insurance." Iffla a matter which should not be held over any longer. J . , ' we call the Egyptians cowards when we hear that officers and men alike desert at the prospect of having to face an enemy, but a telegram from Cairo lets in a flood of light on the question, which may well give pause to our opinions The telegram runs: The authorities are bringing down from Upper Egypt recruits from the Soudan, chained together by their necks, in batches of 20 or 30. Many of them are also handcuffed with huge backs of wood, and many are old and a grey-bearded man. The sight is most sickening. Poor wretches ! No wonder they run away as soon as they can. When it hall in the Transvaal, it does with some force, if the local papers may be relied upon. A late paper from Natal says that recently, in the bush, a party who had outspanned their waggons iii a sprint had to climb into trees to find safety. A farmer lost 1,800 out of 2,000 sheep. The horses and cattle were covered with hail up to their very ears, and were found standing dead in the hail. The waggons were covered with hail up to a few inches of the top parts of the hind wheels, and had to be dug out next morning. Four days after this event hail was found to the depth of life in some parts of the Boekeni- outkloof. Bulwer Lytton, in " The Parisians," makes a paper called Le Sens Common, and embodying the principles of that phrase, an active agent in the downfall of the Empire. In his speech at Rouen recently, M. Ferry asked his hearers to drink " to the Republic, to the practical and wise Republic, and to the Republic of common sense." This as a peroration to a contrast between the Clemenceau party, who condemn the foreign policy of the Ministry, and the " prudent practical men, the well-balanced minds " who have directed the movements of the Republic in Tonquin, Madagascar, the New Hebrides, and elsewhere. There has always been a controversy as to the meaning of the phrase " common sense," but we ven- ture to think that M. Ferry has found a completely new interpretation. Marriage and hanging, according to an old adage, go by destiny. Occasionally, however, destiny is a synonym for both to the same individual. There have been several Justice Williams in England as well as in the colonies, and of Mr. Justice John Williams it is related in " Curiositieaof IawandLawyera," just published, that, coming home at night to his chambers, his progress through a doorway was interrupted by a pen- dulous body, which, on procuring a light, proved to be that of his clerk. The man had made an unfortunate marriage, and had left on the table a volume of the Spectator, upon at an essay upon ill assorted unions. Upon engaging his successor, Justice Williams asked if he was married, and, upon being answered in the negative, said, "Very well, then, if you marry when you hang yourself, you are not to do it in my chambers." The Berlin correspondent of the Daily News says that, considering the Draconian measures taken by the German Government against the importation of American pork, it is very strange that a most alarming outbreak of trichonosis is reported from Saxony. In some 10 villages nearly 400 persons, including entire families, are prostrated by the terrible disease deaths are occurring daily, and over 50 cases are stated to be beyond hope, while the physicians expect still further spreading. The police are actively engaged in Bowell- ing for the origin of the epidemic. A tale has been revived, and is going the rounds of the Press. Some years ago there was at Oxford a very popular old Don, who was nicknamed the " Com- poser." In examinations by the living voice he always began by saying-" Pray compose yourself, Mr.-, there is no hurry. You must not be nervous." One day there came before this gentle examiner an undergraduate; who was not only very nervous, " but who Into also a treacherous ' memory. The '"'Subject, Was the Thirty-nine Articles! lv'cIs0'in*ririago regarded as a sacrament by our Church?" asked the Composer, blandly. "No," was the answer. "Quite right, Mr. Brown ; pray compose yourself, and quote me if you can the article, or part of it, which refers to this question." The nervous one hesitated for a moment or two, and then quoted Article XXII, which relates, not to marriage, but to purgatory "It is a fond thing, vainly invented, grounded on no warranty of Scripture, but rather repugnant the remainder of the sentence being drowned by the merriment which followed The composer was pleased to reckon the answer as a joke, and it is said that the floundering undergraduate, answering better in other things, was allowed to pass. some days ago M. Rochefort, sitting on the sands at a watering place, I was approached by a gentlemanly young man who introduced himself as an Italian officer, who wanted to fight him for an article in the Intransigent insulting the King of Italy. M. Rochefort replied that if King Humbert chose to call him out he would be happy, to meet him, but his subjects were not entitled to make the article a subject of personal quarrel. There- upon the would-be duellists raised is his hat and went away. M. Rochefort, paying a visit to the Place de la Bourse, found Miss same person in town, and was told that he had sworn not to go back to Italy without having satisfaction. M. Rochefort drew a revolver, at the sight of which his assailant withdrew. He is an Italian lieutenant, named Bettini, ' who lately attempted suicide in New York, and"wounded"himsolf~8oriously"'for""the love of a lady who rejected his addresses. He is evidently a lunatic, and a very dangerous duels , 