IN TrTR OLOAM'NG. A Galaxy of Q-hosts (ffrom Bectorie Annual.) Dit. Bushnell, ia his grand work, ' Nature and tho (supernatural,' lays it down as an axiom that thoro is nothing bnyood the reaoh of Almighty direotion, and that thoao devia tions from the received laws of nature which we aro t'o apt presumptuously to pronounce imp .Beibilitiea aro simply matters which our Quito comprehension cannot fathom. It U intorcatiuir to notice how generally un impressionable children and vory young peoplo ure with regard to supernatural appeu.rai.ccs, and we have every reason to think they are ex ceptions to the genoral rule, and not evidences against it. Wo have known children of susceptible and norvoue temperament, who could be workod up into paroxysms of tor or by nursery tales of thieves and robbers, liston quite U connorntdly to tho most thrilling stories of ghostly appearances. Who has not read of the children of Kpworth Rectory, whose marvel lous coolness under the visitations of the family ghost is recorded by Abol Mx'vons in his Life of Wesley t 'Jhesa children, when in terruptod in their pliy by tho noisy rappi ngs of the ghost, would simply say to each other, ' Oh, it is only the ghost I' and continue their game. It is mostly in rmturer years (hat our restless yearnings to diaoovor the mysteries -r.t tho unseen world, or at least to aicunt for tho few glimpses wo may have Ind ot it, become most intense, especially when tin angel of death has torn from our arms some cher ished member of our little oircle. We may go hand in hand with our loved ones to the very brink of the dark river, but there we must 0.1 v 3 thum; and oh, how wa struggle and agonis.i and pas'sionatoly pr±y — a'as, how fruit lessly ! —for bu'. ono glimpse beyond tho voil, for bat ono brief ni'ssago of comfort or of warning from tbe shadowy land into which our chorisiied ones have vanished I It is Btrango, tjo, lhat while tho veil which parts tho visiblo from tho invisible world is thick and im orvbus t ) the moro delicate, fragile, and susceptible o'lildren of clay, it Boerns at times perfectly diaphanous to bjiho of the hard-working, practical children of toil whoso spiritu il sensibilities might be supposed to be of th; dillost an ! moit obtu e kind The events which we rc:ord in this p ipor aro from the nirrati in of p rsonsof striot voraait? Wo begin with one told by a pious and useful minister of tho Church of Engla id. He says— ' I was brought up by my grandfather and grandmother, whi resided in the old family mansion on tho banks of tho Dervent, in Derby shire This vener.ible place, which h id belonged to our family From tho timeof the Norman oon quest had a wid-- roputition for being r.auuted, ani indeed tho strange noises which were heard, and tho strange tricks which wero played, for whio i nothing rational oould ccount, made the beliof of general acceptance. From genera tion to generation no death occurred in our family wi'bout some supernatural warning biting given 5. and in what I am about to tell you I was the- person visited for this purpose. ' When T was about seventeen years of age it was rather svxiaonly agreed that 1 stimla go with 'granny,' as I called her, to pay a visit of a tew days to my pironts, who lived in the suburbs of Manchester. Daring the past summer my youngest Bister, Lizzie, with whom I had been very little ac quainted before, had paid us a visit at the time of haymaking; and I remember th-nking that she was the most beautiful child I hid over seen Always in. white, with lovel. auburn hair floating in long curls over her shoulde s, and playfully darting in und out among the hay makers, she appeared to be something angelii', and when her ?isit was ended I quite grieved over h-r departure, f was th refore much pleased when granny asked me to accompany her to Manchester, as I should see my ilearlittlesistoragain. A. year before, wehad lost an aunt to whom we wore deeply attached, and her bereaved husband- was at the present time inhibiting one wing of our family mansion. Il was the 19fch of December, 185 — , that after carefully packing my box for the ournt-y and laying quite at) tho bottom of the box aB it stoo 1 in a cornerof my room, some articles of black orupo whio-A I hod worn at my aunt's funeral, I went to pay a farewell visit to my uncle in his part of the house. Aft.-r I had sat vvit.li him aonn lime tho hall clock struck four, and just at that moment I lelt a deadly chili and shivering all over me, enotly as if I had been suddenly plungedioto cold water. I became deadly pale, and my uncle in an alarmed tone aeked tvhut waB the mo-ter with me. I Baid I did not krow., but that I had never felt Buch a strange s-nsaion lofoie. My uncle imagined 1 must *have taken cold and recom mended my going early- to- bed, as I was to travel the following day. ' Having quite roooveredifromimy unpleasant feelings, I spent the evening as-usualand retired to bed at the accustomed time. Now, my bed room was at the en o£ a-long,. narrow corridor, aud exactly opposite tho' door- by which I entered was the door of a room siid to be haunted, which was always- kept closed, and which no servant in the houss oould be per suaded to enter ; indeed) they very unani mously avoided going- into the corridor itself after dark, though it opened! into many bed rooms bevideB my owe. I had two or three times, while a boy, been. in. tho- haunted room with my grandfather;. I saw nothing remark able about it but a good deal, of mouldy, old fashioned furniture, and an immense, funereal looking boa al ono-ona) wiun Hangings wmon had once been splendid' but. were now drop pvug to pieo-s from, age ttnd ui gleet. The bed in my. room stood exactly fueing the door by which I entered) and the door of the haunted room. across! he paseago Another door on the same side of. the- room was blocked up by my bji, which stood: against ib I can not -tiBtinctly remember*- wheth-r or not in entering for the night I closed my bedroom door, but thicA it almost certain that I did so, for it was Pojomber andithe weather very, cild I went to l-erMull of my. to morrow's journey, and not giving, a single f ought to either ghosts or h unted room*, w-nt fast to sleep How long I slopt.I cannot guess, but I found myself sitting up in bed intently watching the door of my room, which was wioe open, and the door of the haunted room, which was also opon, and Wf.ioh I oouldi see distinctly aor. b» the corridor an the moonlight fell upon. it. From this room cime-aD^urn which I watched across t-Je pas«ag-, and- which on approaching m; b?dil at once reoegnUedas the auat 1 had los- thi- year hefore,.d7e*sed in the same clothes 1 had Jut seen her in- She had a most fond and tender expression on he' face, but it ohanged into 'in angry frowo. when, slretohing over the eide it the bed, I tried to embrace her, ex claiming, ' Oh, dona aunt, is that you V . I felt tho I clasped tho-impty uir, the liguro vanish ing; in an instant Srora my tight. I thought I lied be-n dreaming, and lay dovaa again, to wake up a short time afterwards and see again Uto figure of mj aunt, but now differently £reseed advancing from the hcunted room into inino, ihia time not coming to the bed bt-t gouft to the box I hud pa-keel and placed ia. the corner road, for the neat . a 1 hit sh» appeared to rummage over, dis placing tho oootents and then tossing the things baik again. I wa'ched bor with ttie greatest astoniihmea4, and saw horgo- Blowly out of my. do -r iuto. bfce door of the iaunted room. I don't kncivr whether I slepi again or not j but a third bimel w»s silting up in bod, a third time noj-aunt came in, thiatimo olose up to- the bo I, i» long, flowing whiio clothes a (ivess in whicK 1 had never Been hi-r I almost ga-p^d out '? f-ear aunt, why tto y -u come P' ho which sue r»piiea, vory ciearigr anu uisun.-tly, out with something of I'ffort, ' I come -o- make an important communication, but it is- all com pri-e 1 i in the* e werds : Poor Lizzie ! But don't grieve : I izaio is quite happy ' Ab -he finished tho-e wojds I started tram, the hod with otitstretnhcx) arms, b t she had vanished snd I foil heavi y to tho flow where she hod stood. I Buppjso that after getting book to bed I slopt til morning, but as Boon as 1 saw my grandmothor I told her all tho cirouru-itanees and mada har look at my box, whioh was in tbo grouteat diso del, snd all the articles of mourning whioh I had placed at tho bottom of the box I found at tho top. My gr ndm thor looked grave but, buH nothing. I still persisted in thinking it but a ourious dream, and wo ?flirted on our journoy thai, very morning I was quite in my usual spirits when we arrived at the lait railway station. From hero we had still a long walk to whero my parento lived, and as we wo.ru not expooled, I pleaood xnyeoU b thinking how surprised they would all be. We arrived, and juafc as I laid my hand on the latch of tho garden gate to open it for granny, I felt exactly tho same deathly chill and shivering whioli had como over mo wbilo sitting with my uncle tho - evening bofore. When I had recovorod and we wero going up the long gravel walk, I said to mjgranclmotbor, ' How Btrango tho houso looks, grinny ! AH the windows aro draped with white, and I never romombor my mother's room having white our tain* boforo.' Grranny made no answer, and is ws knoekod at the duor my mother opuned it, led us into tho hall, a'.d received us most affec ionately, but spoke in a hushed, BttMu'.d tone which: frightened me. Her first words were, ' How glad I am th*t you are coini; wo looked for you somo hours ago.' 'How sun that be,' we replied, ' when we meant to sur prise you, and did not write that we wel coming?' 'But did you not,' said she *' get-. , : my two letters ? -tho oni in which I wrote of dear Lizzie's .langorous illness from scarlet . fever a week ago, und one to tell you of hor : death at 4 o'clock yesterday, which last ought to have reachod you boforo you started this morning ? ' I his Was a: dreadful blow to us, for, aB wo told my mother, wo had received i neither letter. When wo were a littlo rccovored i from the shook, my mother told us that, the i day bofore, Lizzie knew sho was dying and said i she felt quito happy ; sho took leave of all the - family then a1; homo, and reforring to me said, i ' I should havo liked to say good-bye to dear i Tom -poor Tom ' Givo my lovo to Tom ! ' As she said those liBt words sho fell baok and paiBed away ; just, at that moment the clock struck four. he died, then, exactly at tho time when I felt tho deithly chill whilo Bitting with my uncle. ' After my grandfather's death I waB placed till I was nve-aud- twenty in bnsinoss with a master who provtd to bo a professed atheist, finding me to bo an intelligent lid and moro than UBua ly well groundod in tbe ScriptureB, he made it his daily business, by Bpecious ur gument and c ivert ridieulo, to undermine my :liri?tian bolief, and often .flattered himself that he was on the f.oint of succeeding Ho eortainly would bave done 83 but for my re membr.mce of my aunt's appearance in my bedr. otn at the time of Lizzie's death. When ever I had time for reflection and thoughts of that, [ felt assured that thoro was not only » sate of being aftor doath, but a directing power by whoso agency even a disembodied «pirit could r.turn to the scene of ita- earthly pilgrimage.' A. clergyman is credited with the following curious occurrence in his father's family before he was born, which related to hiB eldest brother, then a baby in arms : — ' His father haviug come into ths inheritance of a largo estate, was having s )mo alterations and addi tion i made to the houif, and ponding tho com pletion of these ong-igad a - ouse in tho imme diat-i neighbourhood. When his family arrived a spacious, airy room on the second floor was' given up to the nurse and iho baby, then only aeven months old. Tho vory cUy of thnir taking possession the nurse found that her' little charge, usually so quiet and gond-cem eredj began, when the evening drew on, to scream' most violently, and moro particularly when,. in walking up and down to quiet him, sho passed before a large, empty closet at one side - o! the roam ; indeed, it seomed to her moat unaccountable that the baby appeared, by an irresistible fascination, always to turn his head ' towads the close', and to scroim so that she feared he would go iuto convulsions. This continued for some days, only towards evening, and always at the saino time. The nurse told her mi .tress, und ilrs. — thought it ad visable to rem-jve the nursery fc- a room on tho floor wilh herself, when it was found tint the child's ex oitement entirely ceusoi, -nd it became as placid as usual. ' After i-aptain ? removed to his own house, the on« he had hired was pulled down by the landlord, and under the lloor of the empty closet was found tho skeleton- of a p.-rson who had evidently been- murdered and hidden away there long years before. Thero wero no ru mours ia the place implicating any of tho recent owners of tho houso in question, but a very old wo-m in remembered to have heard in her youth of the mysterious disappearance of a young girl from the family of a visitor tr that placo, who was never heard of again. It is to be supposed that tho unconscious baby was in some mysterious manner made uwaro of tho g ostly aeoret hidden under the cupboard lloor.' Here-is another inslanco — 1 A young Engl'sh lady nearly connected with our family, married, while visiting in Germ .ny, a gontleman. of rank and fortune, with whose mother, wh) lived at a distance of about forty mUes-iiway, she became a great favourite. At the birth, of her first baby she was much distressed that her kind mother- in law, the Frau.von-B ? , was not present, nor did her husbaiidi venture to tell her that illnoss -not, however,. supposed to be dangerous — was the cauid. All weLt well in the fiok room, and five diys afterwards Madame B ? , her baby boy by hfr side, was sleeping soundly, with her curtains- drawn, just an darkness had Bottled down at the close of a winter's day. Contrary to her- OBUdl custom the nurse, seeing tbe lady so fast asleep, had left the room to get Bomo thing, necessary fur the nigh;. Madame B ? awoke on.leeling ihe pressure ot an ioy cold handion.her arm, and looking up hastily, saw by the light of the lamp her mother in law hanglae over hor and the baby with a very. Bad expression on li-r face, which waB ashy pile. Haising herself in the bed, the young, mother exclaimed, ' O dearest mother I wheu.did, you cojio? I am bj glad!' The motlior-in lav sighed deeply, and replied, ' I am- only tonu, dear Alice, to ray farewell for even;, you. will never see me more on earth ! ' 8ho-,n*tantly vanished out of sight, and thd nnrao returning, found her lady in a slate of. grant excitement and, ularm, calling for he/ mother ia-law and saying that she must be in, the house, h.-tvini- just left her bedside. She uuur lad; was ill for many .days, and it was iong bofor-a- elie was told that her husbaad'is ? mother hud die at her own castle, forty mlos aw&,,.att.tlu- ver- moment wn?u she stoodiba side- her ** The- next ia a --easide Speotrc — ' A sub. » oS this youug Madame B ? was. stajing at' Brighton, with, the family of a young invna in a nepionoie state oi neaiin, but wb« was gradually getting bettetvund-r the- e3-j- of a doctor, clever and zealaus, who visited bar daily and took the greatesinintorest iii hoffooaa. He was a tall, slender man, with longy thin Sugars, most remarkably white, and a o -wit-en-v oo which ncemed to bear l-iio impress of all the w. ej and troubles of hia-numorous patients, so deep was tho sympathy, he felt for thfieo who. Buffered. Ono day thera- was much sojnow in the family) the kinii physician, on who»e visits t'i-y no much doponded, died B»ildeniy ; none of them dared toll the in valid, and for a few days nothing was Slid,, but the family noticed that peer. Mia! a — looked v.-ry pensive ard grave. At length hea mother, thought it host to tell her, when sha. quietly replied, ' I have knoivn it from tho fiVst ; he eamn and told mo hiasolf, and coisos. to some every night I' A few nights aStof this, for some reason or another, the imojidj went to sleep in a different room, and the youngr friend staying on a visit leok her place i& tho vacated bed. Towards midnight the family, who'kept late hours, retirj'd for the nigbt,,and Misa D- ? took possession of hor friend's bad, quite ign -rant of the doctor's nightly visits. In about an hour loud shrieks wero hesjd irrom the room, and tho young girl was found on tbe sida of the bed, pale, trembling, Had almost convulsed with terror. Bho Bairt that having undressed and gone to bed, first shut ting and looking the bedroom door, she went fast to sloop, leaving, her ourtaina undrawn and tho lamp on the dressing table alight. She was awakened by a rustling noito beti'.e hey bed, and eturting tip aaw. the doctor, dressed ju«t as he waB in life, standing thoro. He then tat down on the side of the bed, and laid bis long pale hand on hor arm, but the moment he eaw that the occupant of ths bed wu ohanged, he got up and vanished from hor sight before roaohing tho door. Strango to say, that very instant ho wont to tho room whore Miss S ? was sleeping, and hold his ouatomary conversation with ner, quito un noon and unheard by Mies D ? , a younger ?later of the one to whom he had just been to plainly viBiblo. After a time his visits ojaaod.' The following anaodote is well authenti cated: — 'At tho olose of the Burmooo war, Lieu tenant K— ~, a young offloer who had been severely wounded in one of th* actions, -and subsequently attnokfli by fover, : was sent homo on sick certificate some months . beforo tho return of his regiment^ whose term of servico in India had nearly expired. He -.! loft many frionds behind him, but none from J whom ho more dooply rogrottod to part than' ? j Mr. P— -, tho BritiBh oolleotor at Madura, -,.:V ' ' I with whom ho liad been for years on toraw ot ! most familiar intimacy. The very first nigUb of hiB landing in England, after an absence* which dated from bsjhood, he lay long awake* '- in his b d at tho hotol whore he had taken up* his quarters. Ho felt Tery restlesB, and thought over all he had' gono through in India, and tho ' ? friends ho had left, to so», probably, no moro. Among those ho thought oS his Xriond P — . ' -;: i It was past midnight, and ho was still modi- ?'. fating, wh»n ho limrd somo one in the room, ??; though he ihad looked1 the dosye before undreBB tng. He looked to Vhe' side from which tho eo-nnd ca-i.o, and (KHinctly tow )iis friend . , . : P ? , not far from tho'bed; gazi-ag. at him vory ,. moumfuly. ABtoniahoS bejond aieaaurs, he ' . , prepand to step out of bed exclaiming; ' ' ' ' 'Why, P ? :! Wliateytr1 brings you- her«P * His- friesd waved liis hand'at) if to lleephim off,-. sl'.Dok hie head sadly, and gliding tomirdB tbe door suddenly disappeared: K — remained awake nearly the whole night; ? quite unable to- : account for what hud happ -nod. In dus- oourae1 .-... ;?'., v al tisae- tho- mails from India- brought word ,' I thitP ? hud died of cholera,- ot Madura, I if tor o-ft-w hours' ilnest, on the very night in ' 'J whioh Uevi pntnred to Lieutenant K- ? .' I The nest? tale is a very our-eus instance off lostly wurnitig : 'MissMmyB ? resided with1- her fathor^ I and kept honso for him in his beautiful Kentish' ' '! villa. Tho grounds wore very extensive but Mr. K ? V nivourite flpot was- a group off large trees within night of tho drawing-roomi wiudjws. Hcfo-he had a garden seat' and' a- small tablo pluaad, and was in the habit ot smoking his afternoon cig«, aud also- ? rending; herseveiy day. Miss ji ? was an accom plished horsowomaa, and usually accompanvdi her father in his4 daily rides. One day she' rofuBed tj go, having u bad headache, but fol lowed Mr. 1£ ? tO'tho foot of the stairs' und. begged him to return. in time for tea, aB- hehod' promised to escort her to a dancing party in their neighbourhood. to this he agreed,. and Miss K ? from'the window watched ninn mount his horse, and ride off dhe lay djwn ! f.ira time, but at last, feeling restless, got up»- and taking a book sat- do- n to read. At the' ', . usual time tbe maid c&me; to say that tea waa- ; ' ready. ' But,' said Miso- K ? ,' papa has nob- . eome homo, Mary, and I would raiher wait/ ' Oh, yes, miss,' ea d the servant ; ' my master ° ha« been home for about? half an hour, and is ' smoking in tho garden.' Mibs J£ ? looked:) from tbe window aud saw her father in his ac- ? ouiitomed placo uuder the trees. She was going -' downst -ira to join him and biing him in lo te», . wh-eu she paused, hearing a confused murmur ' of voices in the hall below, v deadly fear, for' , which she could not account, seized her, bub'- 1 recovering she Wont down, to find a group of men from tho village,. many of whose (aces she' knew y sight, b ioging in on aBhutter the dead' baiy o£ her father, a is horae had shied, it was supposed, a1, a heap of atones at the s de ol the - roadv nod his head coming in contact with the ' - . stones-, death must bave been instantaneous.-. ' At' the sime thtt Mr. B was distinctly seen - ... - by the- servant and his daughter, he was lying a bleeding corpse ' \- Here is anoiher s'.range Btory — ' 'Some time after my dear mother's death, I was-sittiog *i'h my father, Ooloml I) ? ,-in-' his- dressing-room, and we were mutually de ploring, our dreadful misfortune, and going1. ^ over,'. aB we were too prone to do, many of7' ' the circumstances attending her last illneBS. I remarked to him, among other things, that hor illness wai in the beginning so slight that' I shouldi not have felt the least fear as to the ? result had I n.-t been extremely discouraged by tho sadnoss and prooceupa- to i of mind mani fested by himself at that time. My father, . after somo hesitation, rotated bp me tne occur- ? 1 renco '.vliich had occisioncd his unwonted de pression of spir ts, whioh I can truly say I listened' to in dumb astonishment, so unliitlya - pfirann did ko appear to have experienced any- - thing.of the sort. 1 He was sitting ono evoning after dinner with' my mother,, conversing on variouB subjects,-. Th*i winoand dessert having been placed on the table, they d/ew their chairs up to eich corner ? of a blazing Sre, the evenings being chillyr thougb.it was only the early autumn. After4 a time my mother appeared to be dozing in hor chair, and my father drew out 'his pocket booli- to mttke a note of eome visit he ? ha'i to- pa.? tfee next diy. He found, ' however, that the pencil case h» always - cauried in his pocket, aud much valued as the-' gift of i an oldi friend, was i ot there, and, con ciuding that he- hud left it on his dressing table - before dinner, quietly left the room to fetch it.' Tlaj ? stai'caee went up from the hall, and at -. tho- first landing branched off into two smaller ttaii-eii8OP,,tho- one to the left leading to my ?? mother's apartment-!, u bedroom and dressing roomi.fronti. g thn lawn, with a wide landing' - * place. and window b. tween tho two rooms ; the ? one to the right, through an arched doorway. iota a long corn or, wilh bedrooms on caoh i ?ida - and a. biioi ut^irojse at tho end. My/ : futher's- dreseiiig ro .m waB in tbe middle of - bhe-corridor- Having found his fercil-cuse he - was coming, out of the arched doorway b- fore ?? ,. , ^ ; mentioDod, when he saw my mother before him . ? ?m the smnlli Sight of stairB leading to her own : rooms, fchs- turned in'o her dressing room,.. ?Wid my father, much surprised to see her, foli [lowed to giivo her hiB arm in coming down -. again, as-sho- waB rather infirm. What was his .aitoniBhraont on entering Iho room to find no-t one there- He could hardly believe the evidence,, ' of' his- BenBos, and when, on returning to the - dining. noom,, he found my mother in her chair ? ' '' by the fire ca^etly --s be had left her, ht- knaw- * ;not what/ to thjnk When she roused up. before- tea, he nBko.i whother she had left the.. room i sinoo dinner, to which she answered-/, ? . ' N«t lor a. moment.' When my father was. on.i ? ? ' 'his dcath-bod, he was for some time deli.-. rious, but on the lost morning, a few, hours- before death, he was perfectly lucidy and said- to me, 'I shall soon leave you,, mv. ahild i vnur dear mother has nuina to fotah.me !.' Then, Breing, doubtlees, my loot, ? af' atv-ed. astonishment, he added, ' ^s. my iloar wife, has lain by my side all nighti1 Ij hadtntnor loft his bedside, but had,, noither Bean.nor- heard anything uuueuil, exoe t that- : - liu-Nugdho night ho seemed, at int'rvala,., to bo- ' , kalkirig Ebndly to some ono near him.'' ' ' . : Tho- Jorngning ghoBt stories are given upon, ' unimpwiohable authority. We may, lough as, V, ' ?:-.-' we pkaso at ghost seers; hut is itini.t.ouriousk '?.'.-: *C ?'???? thai), men and women of . sense and .erudition. .. ' . ; oonfo-ss to having seen ghosts ?? Nut long ago, ' ii,-Koi»i curiout oip.'rionca was related iu the, Atih&taum;— a journal not givon, to. joking.— and authenticated by the name and' address, off blxe. divine who had fen the ghoali Bitting, with, hicc in the library. Wa are oujsoIvib cognisant^ of some curious appcaranoes ;. and ono family,, whose colleotire voraoity .it i» impossiblo to! doubt, have given us particulars whioh ibis itctr jrassiblu to deny, conccrning;tho curious appari tion whioh haunted their house in Kensington, and whioh followed them, to their nexfc reai-. dence. We were sptaking-of this to a.ladr the other day, who told us how a relative. of herd had been staying in a ceatain castle in HcaUapd^ und there saw a peoulitui appearance, of whiuh, she had never hear'. A (-.host nuns- into hep room, und gravely washed its hands, from somgi blood stains— it iB supposed — liko a, soconi Lidy Macbeth. Iho visitor neit moi;o-» ing desoribod the ghoBtly visitant, aud a disbulievor volunteered to. Bleep, in the room with, the other* guest. heso two ladieB — tho oae who had soon the gbo»t» ?? aad the other wfa- disoreditod the story went. to bed in the haunted room, ami both saw too lame figure enter and wash her hands as de aoribed. Neither lady had any reason to fear the ' spectre,' and they aoroin no way alarmed. That the ghost came tb,oy positively ueolaro. We da not presume to explain these appear- i- unceo. That some objects — tho likenetses of peoplalong puBaed away, as well as of living people - do apparently present themselves to our vision, ii per feel ly true. They appear to the eye most palpably. Whether they aro objeo tlve or subjootive images we leave learned dii-- putants to .doolie. Wo huvo only seon ono ghost ourselves ; that any spectre is harmful we Oinnot beliovo. But at Christmas time wp - may indulge in a fow anecdotes, and hence these tales of ' Sprites and Goblins/ and GliMd,, 