The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse on ' Western Cornwall.' A lecture is reported in the Methodist Record, given . by the Rev. Mark . Gu]r Pearse, the subject being, ' Some Characteristics of West Cornwall, with Illustrations of dialect and humour. Lang before rue time announced for the lecture, the room was densely crowded, and some slight disturbance was occasioned during the evening by several persons in a recess at the extreme end of the room who could hear little and see less ; but the lecturer with his ready wit was equal to the emergency, as, on a false alarm being raised of a lady hav ing fainted, he quietly remarked, ' We cannot well make the room larger, but if the fainting lady will retire, there will be more room.' After announcing the subject, the lecturer said he was not going to apologise for the tumour, which was capable of causing great mischief if regarded as the end of life, but a blessing if rightly taken and enjoyed. As a ' Blue Rib bon' man he did not believe in narcotics and Stimulants ; the best of narcotics for the weary \was a good laugh, and the best of stimulants for hard work was a healthy bit of humour. . He was sorry to say many of the characteristics of West Cornwall were fast dying out; the single coach had been superseded by the rail way, the newspaper had taken the place of. the village gossips, who used to make such charm ing additions as the news was carried from place to place ; and now the Comisfaman knew as 'much as the Londoner, and of course that was everything. On one occasion a young man visited a friend, and kept interrupting the conversation with '.bow-wow-wow ;' *? Why are you making that noise?' exclaimed the other. ' 'I was told by the doctor to take wine and bark.' Such simplicity as that would not be met with now. But amid the many changes that had taken place there was one thing happily that knew no change, the scenery of West Cornwall. 'Come with me,' said sMr. Pearse, and by some vivid realistic word-pictures he brought before his hearers imagination, with almost pano ramic distinctness, some of the beauties of the county. 'Pass under those Cornish elms,' he said, ' with their tiny branches just budding out and overlapping each other with the dainty green of early spring t cross that bit of moor, and pass the old mill, go over the bridge with red water running beneath, and climb the hill ; -ee that wide stretch of golden furze and purple leather, and then look up at that Cornish sky. [ have seen the sky of Italy, but have never so idmired the deep, deep as of the sky of Corn wall. Sit and listen at the music of the lark alls delightfully on your ear, and then glance it the far-off line on the Atlantic — not the dirty nuddy little nook that some of you have seen md called the seaside, but the grand Atlantic, vhose waves have come rolling on for three housand miles, without let or hindrance, dash hemselves like thunder on the black and ugged rocks, and go running down in hun Ireds of little rivulets into the sea again.' Vfter describing Cornwall inland, the lecturer |uoted the opinion of Max Muller that the in iabitanfs of Cornwall were descended from the -lts, and said they had left to their descend - .nts a physique and character that was notice ble wherever a Cornish miner or. fisherman et his foot. They were a people with hearts nd liackliones, not mere jelly fishes ; they ,rere hasty in forming their opinions and not fraid to express them ; and some of them had lore than an ordinary estimate of their musical bilities, as had a choirmaster who, in arrang ing the service with the minister, said, ' Yot do not think the people come to hear yon, .but we do know the neople come to hear we. The religious teaching of the Wesleyan acted upon the people of Cornwall like a charm, wirl a completeness and swiftness that could only be explained in the orthodox fashion, by the Divine power that commissioned and attended them; The books of the church d the parish in which J6'hn Wesley first preached still contained the entry : ' Expenses of driving ihe Methodists, nine shillings ; but, notwith standing the opposition that was raised, Methodism had so prospered that there were now in that parish twenty -five Methodist chapels, The moral character of the people of Cornwall was quite exceptional ; the practice of gambling was unknown) and such Sundays were only to be experienced in Scotland* The people were very Celebrated for their pies, and a sample of a duck pie was once put before {he Rev. Dr. Adam Clarke who, after doing justice to it, said he had never seen a duck so cut up before; ' Noj' replied the host, ' but when the rats killed it they so mauled it over that there were nothing for it but a pie.' Ol course the people* had their ghost stories, but gas-light was fatal to ghosts, and lecturer sug gested that Sir. John Lubbock should include in his bill a clause for the preservation of a few that still remained. He only knew of one ghost story that had any foundation, and that related to a young minister who lost his road on a very wet night ; seeing a light in a window in the distance he made his way to the house, knocked, and was invited to supper by the old lady who kept the house, but on inquiring if he could be accommodated with a bed she re plied that there was only one and that a haunted room. Amid almost breathless stillness the speaker described the visitor's entrance into the bedroom, his getting into bed, bis sleep being disturbed by the opening of the door, the entrance of a tall female figure that gradually approached .the bedside, and on his springing from the' bed in alarm, exclaimed, ' I was afraid your poor feet wor' cold, and brought a petticoat to wrap 'em up.' So the lecturer continued for an hour and a-half to play upon the sympathies of bis hearers, now almost drawing tears from their eyes by bis descrip tions, in the native dialect, of the intense religious earnestness of the people (as in the case of one who remained out in the field the greater part of the night praying for his wife's conversion), and then by flashes of humor evoking uncontrollable laughter, which he said he regarded as a physic that was greatly needed .in the bustle and worry of the present time. Notwithstanding to cries of ' Go on !' From the audience, Mr. Pearse curtailed his address very considerably, and brought the lecture to a conclusion by giving a specimen of a Cornish sermon that he heard some years ago, and and expressing the hope that it would impress his hearers as deeply as it did himself. The Inventor of Submarine Tor pedoes. — The first attempt to use torpedoes, says the Electrician, is generally accredited to an Italian engineer named Lambelli. At the siege of Antwerp, in 1585, he floated boxes filled with gunpowder down the river, with the object of destroying a bridge. These -boxes were provided with mechanism which was to cause the explosion of the gunpowder on the boxes colliding with the bridge. The Ameri cans, however, claim that David Bushnell, of Connecticut, was the first inventor of the mechanical torpedoe. He was born at Say brook, now called Westbrook, Conn., in 1742, and entered Yale College in 1771. During his residence at this college he devoted a great deal of his time to the study of submarine torpedoes and mines. Another American, Robert Fulton by name, took up the subject with great energy at the beginning of the present century. At the time when-England was thrown into a fer ment by .the numerous threats of invasion uttered' by Napoleon Bonaparte, Fulton en deavored to get him to adopt his plan of sub marine torpedoes, by which he promised ' to deliver them and all the world from British oppression.' He does not appear to have met irith any encouragement from Napoleon, how ever, and he subsequently betook himself to the United States, where he published a book en tittled ' Torpedo War and Submarine Explo sions.' It is dated New York, 1810, and has the curious motto on its title-page, ' The liberty of the seas will be the happiness of the suth.' His torpedoes were all to be fired by mechanical means, however. The invention of the voltaic battery and its development were to lead to its adoption for firing submarine mines. [n 1819, when but a boy, Col. Samuel Colt, :he inventor of the revolver which bears his lame, began experimenting in this direction. He-worked hard until 1842, in which year, on fune 4, he exploded a torpedo in New York Harbor, by means of the current from a bat ery, and on July 4 following blew up the Jnited States gunboat, Boxer, opposite Castle harden. After this he was taken by the American Government, and a sum of money 17,000 dols.) voted him to enable hfm to con inue his experiments. On August 20, 1882, le destroyed a schooner on the Potomac River, rhen five miles away from her, and on Oct. 8, 842, he blew up the brig Volta in New York larbour. It is generally conceded that Colonel 'olt was ^the first to utilise electricity for firing nines. A Great Russian Bridge. — The idea ol repeating the ice railway across the Bay ol Cronstadt, tried with parrial'success in the year 1 88 1, has now been finally given up. A scheme has, in fact, taken its place for connecting Cornstadt and Oranienl-aum by a bridge at a cost of about 16 millions of roubles. The structure will be under the supervision of the engineers appointed by the Russian Govern ment. It will rest upon granite pillars, fixed by the caisson method, each of them protected from the action of the waves during the pre valence of the south-west winds by an angular wall-like guard of stone. The bridge will be 7% versts in length, and is expected to be completed in the year 1889. When finished it will consist of two parts — a railway and a foot bridge— and will be lighted by the electric light. Expeditious Husbandry and House wifery. — An American paper records a feat recently performed by an inhabitant of Caroflton in the presence of spectators. He invited them to see how quickly growing wheat could be converted into biscuits. Two years ago, it seems, the same man had. served round to a party of guests bread baked by his wife just %% minutes after the wheat was standing in the field. He determined to surpass his former achievement, and succeeded. At six minutes after four the reaper stood beside the growing wheat, men being stationed every few feet along the line of grain, ready to seize an armful as it fell, and to rush off with it to the thrasher, hard by. The mill was just 16 rods away. At the 'drop of the hat,' the mines sprang to work ; in a minute and a half a peck of wheat was in a sack and on the back of a horse, that set off at a gallop for the mill. Just 1 minute 17 seconds later the flour was de livered to the agriculturist's wife, and in 3 minutes 2 seconds from the starring of the reaper, the first griddle cake was eaten ; whilst rather more than a minute later a pan of well baked biscuits were passed round to die ad miring spectators, who, adds the American paper, intend presenting their fellow townsman with a suitable testimonial for his and his wife's smartness. Bdware of packages of injurious stuff pur porting to make genuine Hop Bitters ; also preparations and fluids said to contain all the properties of Hop Bitters. They spring np on account of the great popularity of the genuine, which is only put in large square-panel amber coloured bottles, with the names ' Dr. Soule,' and ' Hop Bitters' blown in die glass, and is die best family medicine ever made. Read. Schocking Punishment in a State School. — A very serious complaint has been against a State School teacher in the Heytes bury Forest (Vic) and the'ooiice havejjeen laid busily engaged making an inquiry into the par ticulars. It is reported that some weeks ago die teacher referred to deemed it necessary to correct a scholar for some 'alleged fault (says die Cdtit/entoaltt Chronicle). The infor nianf to the police avers that in this instance the teacher abandoned the usual methods of chastising the scholar, and resorted to a new and extraordinary system of punishment. She (for die teacher against whom die charge has brought is a lady) is stated to have threatened to hang die child, and to have so far carried out her threat as to throw a piece of rope over a cross-beam in the school, and suspend the child she was punishing, a few inches from the floor. The scholar went home to its parents, and during die night its rest is said to have been disturbed, in consequence, doubtless, of die impression made upon its mind by die new and terrible experience it had undergone. The story was related to us some time ago, but it seemed too horrible to be true, and it was suggested that the matter was one that should be sifted by die Education Department. It seems, however, that the afiair has been brought under die notice of die police authori ties, by whom die necessary investigation has been commenced. IUOKE ATROCITIES BY V REXCH CONVICTS. — The Melbourne Argus extracts the following from recent files from New Caledonia : — ' During die month of March, it appears that the number of convicts who succeeded in mak ing their escape was 24, and that 21 arrests were made. At the beginning of April, die 'evasions' are described as continuing on a large scale, and there were as many as four in one night. Three prisoners who had got away in a boat were seen by some natives at Tong horn. When die latter approached them, they were fired at by two of the fugitives, who were armed with guns. On Friday, the 21st ol March, two convicts, named Fiorentin and Cosson, escaped from die dockyard ai Noumea, and, by theft or otherwise, possessed them selves of a compass, telescope, provisions, money, and clothing for a voyage to Australia. Fortunately diey were detected5-reaking into a miller's store on die following Sunday evening, and were arrested, dtough not until after one of them had shot his captor in die shonlder. At Paita, a convict named Sanitongay has been apprehended for a criminal attempt upon a little girl 10 years of age. The Council of War is still sitting at Noumea, and some evi dence taken in die case of a ruffian named Rovatori, who has been seven times convicted previously, illustrating die desperate character of some, at least, of die criminals deported to New Caledonia. On the irth March he assassinated a fellow-prisoner and made his escape. Then he killed one of the two native police who had endeavoured to arrest him. He next fell in with a canack, who proved too strong for him, ind to whom he professed to surrender himself. Under pretence of extract ing a splinter from bis hand, Rovatori bor rowed a knife, witb which he stabbed the canack four times, who died of his wounds almost immediately. The natives in the neighborhood were so indignant that they pur sued and captured him. Sentence of death was pronounced upon him by the Council of war. When the judgment was delivered, he exclaimed — * It is a frisson -T Avril. This is the first of die month. In any event I feel sure that I shall not be executed.' The Detective Police of Victoria re ceived information by die last mail to die effect diat a man named James Wallace, who for many years was die principal cashier to die bank at Hopkinsville, in the State of Kentucky, bad absconded, having embezzled the sum of 50,000 dollars. The directors of the bank have offered a reward of 5000 dollars for bis apprehension, or 20 per cent, of the amount of stolen money recoverable. Mr. Wallace is an elderly man, being about 50 years of age. It was supposed in the locality where he resided that he would be likely to proceed to Australia. A full description of the absconder has been sent to the authorities in the principal cities in tri^ rnlnnipc Says -die Saturday Review -. — ' I don't believe diere is a single offence diat I have not committed,' said an undergraduate once, as he awed a whole wine party with examples of his knowledge of life. There was a respect ful silence ; dien a small voice asked, ' Did you ever cheat at cards?' With shame and blushes die Janfaron of vice came down from his bad eminence, and owned that he had never cheated at cards. This, is, indeed, die very lowest depth to which civilised man can decend, and he seems at present to reach the abyss pretty often. No one can defend a man who has cheated at cards ; the only estimable per son who ever did so was the Chevalier Grieux, and be bad the one constant excuse for his conduct admitted by all admirers of Manon Lescant. The case of die Chevalier must be placed on one side in that world of random morality to winch Charles Lamb good humouredly consigned the comedies of the Restoration. No, a man may do many shady things; his accounts may be difficult to un ravel; he may decline to fight a duel in a foreign country ; he may find diat urgent private business calls him to Europe when his regiment is in the Soudan or Nova Zembja, and people will make excuses for him. But he really must not 'cheat at cards.' 