FOXGLOYE MANOR. By Robert Buchanan. chapter xiv. BAPTISTO STAYS AT HOME. As Haldane sat in his study, tho evening previous to tbe morning fixed for his journey to LondoD, BaptiBto entered quickly and stood before the desk at which bi master was busily writing. " Can I Bpeak to you, senor I Baldane looked and nodded. " What is it, Baptisto7" " You havo arranged that I shall go with yon to-morrow, but 1 have had during tho last few days an attack of raj old vertigo, Can you possibly dispen«o with my attendance, senor !" Haldane stared in surprise at tho Spaniard's face, which was inscrutablo as usual. ' Do you mean to say yon wish to remain at homo f " " Certainly, eenor." " Why? because you are ill f On tho cootnry, yon look in excellent health. No ; it is impossible. I cannot get along without you." And Haldane returned to hi3 papers; as if the matt'or was ended. Bapti3to, however, did not badge, but remained in the same position, with h s dark eyes fixed upon his master. " Do me this favour, ssnor. I am really indis posed, and must beg to remain." Haldane laughed, for an idea suddenly occurred to him which seemed to explain the mystery of his servant's request. "My good Baptisto, I think I understand the cause of your complaint, and I am Buro a little travel will do yon good. It is that dark-eyed widow of the lodge-keeper who attaches you so much to the Manor. The warm blood of Spain still burns in your veins, and, despite your sad ex perience of women, you are still impressionable. Bh? am I right i" Baptisto quickly shook his head, with ths least suspicion of a smile upon hie swarthy face. " I am not impressionable, senor, and I do not admire your English women ; bnt I wish to remain all the same." "Nonsense I" "Nonsense I In serious lament, senor, I beseech you to allow me to remain " But Hald-ine was not to be persuaded at what ha conceived to be n mere whim of h s servant. He itill believed that Baptisto had fallea a cap tive to tho charmB of Mrs Feme, a little plump, dark-eyed woman, wilh a large family, lie had frequently of late seen the Spaniard hnnging about tho lodge — on one occasion nursing and dandlicg the youngest child, and he had smiled to himself, thinking that tbe poor fellow's mt- anthiopy, or rather his misogynism, was in a fair way of coming to an end. Finding hia master indisposed to take his request seriously, Baptisto retired ; and presently Hal dane strolled into the drawing-room, where ho found his wife. " Have you heard of the last freak of Biptiito t He actually wanis to remain at ease, instead of accompanying me in my journey." Ellen looked up from some embroidery, la which she was buail j engaged. - " On no account I " the exclaimed. ' If you don't take him with you, I shall not stay in tha place." " Dear me ! " said tbo philosopher, " Surely you are not afraid of poor Baptisto 1 " " Not afraid of bim exactly, but he makes me shiver. He comes and goes like a ghost, and when you least expect him, he is ot your elbow. Then, of course, I cannot help remembering he has com mitted a mnidcr ! " "Nothing of tho kind," said Ilaldsne, laughing and throwing himself into a chair. " My dear Ellen, you don't believe tbe whole truth of that aifiiir. True, he surprised tbat Spanish wife of his with her gallant, whom he stabbed; hut I have it on excellent authority that it was a kind of duello the otber man was armed, and so it was . a fair fight." Ellen shudderod, and showed more nervous agitation than her husband could quito account for. "Take him away with you," she cried ; "take him away. If you never bring him back, I shall rejoice. If I had be n consulted, he would never have been brought to England." A little later in the eveninz, when Haldane hail returned to his papers, which he was diligently finishing to take Hway wilh him, he rang and summoned the Spaniard to his presence. " Well, it is all settled. I have consulted your mistress, and sne insists on your accompanyiog me to-moTrow." A sharp flash came Baptisto's dirk eyes. He made an angry gesture ; then controlling himself, he Baid in a low, emphatic voice — " The senora means it f Sne does not wish me to remain I " "Just 10." " May 1 ask why ? " " Only becnuse she does not want you, and I do. Between ourselves, ebe is no: quite so certain of yon aa. Iam. bbe baa never forgotten that little affair in Bpain." Again the dark eyes flashed, and again there was tho same angry gesture, instantly checked. Haldane continued. " You are violent sometimes, my Baptisto, and madameis a little afraid of you. When she knows you better, as I know you, she will ba aware that you are rational ; at present " "At present, senor," said Baptisto, "she would rather not have me so near. Ah, I can under stand 1 Perhaps she has reason to be afraid," Something in the man's manner, which was sinister and almost threatening, jarred upon his master's mind, Bising from his chair, Haldane stood with his back to the fire, and, with a frown, regarded the Spaniard, as he said — " Listen to me, Baptisto. I have noticed with great annoyance, especially of late, that, your manner to; madame has been strange, not to say sullen. You aro whimsical still, and apt to take offence, If this goes on, if yon fail in respect to jour mistre»s, end make your presence uncom fortable in thid house, wo shall havo to part," To Ilaldaoe's astonishment, Baptisto asked an explanation, and, frilling on hiB knees, seized his master's baud, and kirsed it eagerly, " Senor 1 Senor I you don't comprehend. You do not think that I am ungrateful, that I do not remember? But you arc wrong. I would die to save you — yes, I would die ; and I would kill with my own hand any one who did you an injury. 1 am your servant, your elave — ah yes, till death." " Come, get up, and go and finish packing m/ things." " But, senor " "Get up, I say." The Spaniard roie, and with folded hands and bent head stood waiting. (TO BE CONTINUED,) 