Clje Itapuitija Strain. TUESDAY, APRIL 8,1884. ELECTORS AND ELECTED. It will be seen from our advertising columns that a public meeting of the electors of this District will be held at the Institute Hall on Thurs day evening, for the, purpose of con sidering some of the most important social questions^ "From a perusal of | the resolutions which £ft,aye,, already, been published tfce^ubjecf® to which prominence will be- given may be known, but .as, the meeting is general in its scope ifc is open to electors to introduce any new political matters they may think fit. We have several times drawn attention to the necessity which exists for holding electors' meetings, and to act upon the sug gestion at the eleventh hour is even better than the maintenance of a stupid silence. It is amusing some times to read of the glibness of mem bers of Parliament about the feeling of the country; posing after their cus tom as the weathercock expositors of public opinion* in theij? description of it they seldom come within range, of the mark. "The public are with us " comes from the opposing orators of both sides of the House, when they wish to give the gloss of patriotism to party tactics. For this' the stolid in difference of the people themselves is to a great extent responsible. The hearts of them have grown so sick with waiting for the realization of their hopes that something really sound, and bearing on its front the mark of an unselfish origin, will even-, tually issue from Parliament, that they get into an apathetic mood, and despairingly accept the subordination of national interest to political ambi tipn which goes on in public life, as inevitable. But with more animation outside we wilX have more political sincerity and less of party dodging inside the Assembly, for nothing is better established than that the moral tone of the elective cham ber of a country is but a reflex of the character of the elec torates, The average legislation is no better or worse than the average citizen; he merely acts in a greater light of publicity "and is more in the way of opportunity. What is it that iu most countries makes some of the best and purest persons shun politics, which ought to be the highest and most ennobling of pursuits, as well as the most unselfish. Simply the fact that within its domain honest seekers for light and followers of con viction are very scarce; the fact that in the arena of politics wholesome discussion degenerates into personal squabbles and adroit fencing for victory; and the circumstance that enforced association with persons of natures and ways so opposite to his own, breaks the heart when it does not change the nature of a man. Again, what was it that made Carlyle Bay that "the mass of men consulted at the hustings, upon any matter j whatsoever, is as ugly an exhibition of human stupidity as the world sees." The I same feeling that made a greater man than him describe the rabble that make populaiity, as blocks, and stones, and I worse than senseless things. So sus I ceptible are they to the influence of the honeyed words of every new demo gogue that the very men who shout loudest for Pompey to-day will strew flowers in the way of Caesar to morrow. Prom the days of Simon de Mont fort down to the dawn of the agita tion which led to the first ILeform Act we can trace the growth of an idea which prevailed in. its greatest in tensity about a hundred years ago, that Parliament exists for the benefit amusement of its members. "We see in the doggedness with which the Commons defended a ragged privilege, in its modest shunning of exposure to criticism, in its eonservativism, and in its surprise and dismay when Junius, that " mighty boar of the forest," as Burke called him, broke in upon its proceedings. Throughout the long years when the son of my Lord this or my Lord that was picketed as of right into the House of Commons, as being the most agreeable lounge for a professional idler, the same idea is still dominant, and even now, when the clamour of democracy is heard on all sides, there are signs of it discern ible. To what else can we assign that cut-throat system of attack still re sorted to in England by political parties, when the supremacy of party is the main object sought by the actors in politics, and class interests are fostered at the expense of the general well-being. Even here in South Australia we have evidence of the remarkable persistency of this idea, in despite of man hood suffrage, in the uncompunc tious ease with which tacitians excuse a compromise with error where a strict following out of the dictates of principle would check the progress of individual ambition. How admirably in a doubtful contest some men poise themselves between parties, ever ready to fall upon the winning side ! The action of Mr. Bray upon the taxation question is an exemplification of this spirit. Hang principle where office is endangered, is his motto; so he wears his policy after the fashion of his hat, which "ever changes with the next block. It is too much to expect that every legislator in tins nineteenth centurv should be m character a Bright or a Cohden. What time may bring is only for hope and conjecture. With the advance of political morality may come a better understanding of the true^ duties of representatives and a practical recog nition of the great fact that Parlia ments are made for the people and power must have its foundation in public opinion; and that it matters little what becomes of cabinets or ministers as long as the course of government is subservient to the general good. Principle must come first and party afterwards. All in stitutions, in their growth towards theoretical fitness and practical utility, advatice slowly, through successive stages of upward development, but the highest in the absence of a revo lution is eventually^ reached. The Parliamentary machine will share the universal experience,. Customs Receipts.—The amount received bj the Customs authorities during the week ended March 29 was £7,358 9s. 81d. Kapunda Races,.—A race meeting will be held on the Old Course, Crase's farm, Clare road, on Easter Monday. Kapunda LocAt, CotJBT.—On account of the holidays, the Local Court will sit on Thursday next, April 10, instead of Friday, April 11. Eapunda Hospital.—The Secretary re ports as follows for the week ending April: 7:— Admitted, 5: discharged, 1died, 0 ; remaining in Hospital, 16. Christ Chuech, Kapunba.—In ouradver tising columns will be found the order of services to be followed at Christ Church during this, the last week in Xienfc.. Kapctnda Wesley ait Sunday school.— The anniversary of this Sunday-school will be celebrated on Easter Sunday, Monday, nnd Tuesday. Full particulars, will be found in our advertising columns. Staple Produce.—The value of the staple produce exported during the week ended March 29 was £116,704. This included flour to the vnlue of £23,7lT, wheat £76,200, copper £3,500* copper ore £3,040-,. and' wool £3,035. Wheat Exportation.—During the week ended Saturday, March 29, 1884, 371,305 bushels, of wheat, the produce of South Aus tralia,, were exported from the various ports in the oolonv, as against nil during the ■ corresponding ^eek of 1883. 1 Educational.—The following resignations have been approved of by the Minister of [Education :— Provisional teacher — Alethea Mander, Frankton. Sewing mistress—Jose phine Holdsworth, Marrabel. Lectpbe.—^Mr. J. P. Short, a well-known lecturer, will deliver a lecture in the Institute Hall, Kapunda, on Easter Monday evening, on '■ Pleasant Ireland i its valour, wit and •humour." SCHOOL Boabd,—Thursday's Gazette con tains the re»appointment of Mr. H.T. Morris, J.P., and Mr. W. H. Benham, J.P., as mem bers of the Board of Advice for the Kapunda school district. Angas Recreation Pabk.- -The annual demonstration, in behalf of the funds of the Angas Recreation Park, will be held at Angas ton as usual on Easter Monday. The usual attractive programme of sports has been drawn up, and the days proceedings -will be brought to a olose by ail entertainment in the Institute Hall In the evening. Railway Receipts. — We note by the Gazette that the total receipts on all the Go vernment railways for the week ended 22nd March was as follows:—Passenger receipts, £3,933 13s. 7d.; goods, £6,39L Os. Id.; miscellaneous, £222 8s. 4d.; total, £10,554 2s. 0d.; being a deficit of £97 17s. 5d. on the corresponding week of 1883. Political Meeting.—A public meeting of the electors of the District of Light, convened by His Worship the Mayor in response to a requisition, will be held at the Institute Hall on Thursday evening next. The object of the j meeting is to give the electors an opportunity of expressing their opinions in regard to the land question in the presence of the candidates for the Parliamentary representation of the district. I Election pob Light. — Since our last issue, Messrs. Coles and Moody have addressed meetings of the electors at Templars, Lin wood, and Dutton. They were well received at all the places, and the usual votes of confidenoe were unanimously carried. The candidates com plete their programme on Wednesday (to morrow) when they will address a meeting at Gibbs's Hotel, Morgan, at 8 o'clock. The nominations take place on Tuesday, April 15. Sunday School Annivebsaby.—On Sun day last the Sunday-school connected with the Kapunda Congregational Church celebrated its anniversary. The Rev. A. Jones, of Angaston, conducted the services, morning and evening, both of which were largely attended. The discourses were earnest and interesting, and were much appreciated. In the afternoon Mr. Jones addressed the united Sunday schools of the town. Special hymns were capitally rendered by the children under the conductorship of Mr. Davies at all the services. The Weatheb at Wilca2tnia.—Through the courtesy of Messrs. Liston, Shakes, & Co., we are enabled to publish the following ex tract from a letter from their correspondent at Wilcannia, dated April 1st:—" No change in the weather has yet taken place, although it has a threatening appearance, looking as j though a change was impending. Bad ac- 1 counts from all quarters. Stock are dying in I quantities, mail horses dying, and the general outlook anything but reassuring." j Ministebial Changes.—i'his week three of our resident ministers of religion will leave I Kapunda to take charge of circuits in other j parts of the colony, viz., the Rev. Jas, Has]am j (Wesleyan), the Rev. J. Raymont (Bible Christian), and the Rev. A. T. G-lasson (Pri- j mitire Methodist). Mr. Haslam goes to ■ Kent Town, and Ma*. Raymont to Port Elliot, but Mr. crlasson's destination has not yet been fixed. Each of the gentlemen mentioned have been resident in Kapunda for the last three years, during which they have won the esteem of all classes of the community, and we are sure that in leaving Kapunda they carry with them the well-wishes of all for their future wellfare. ! Dynamite accident.—Weare informed it is the custom of the men repairing the permanent way of our railways to displace the sleepers with the aid of dynamite. If this be the case those who use this dangerous explosive should be extremely, careful not to leave it lying about, as in the hands of inexperienced persons the liability to accident with dyna mite is very great. That they are not always thus careful is proved by a case which oc curred at Hamley Bridge recently. Some children, who in going to school have occasion to cross the line, the other day came across some dynamite caps, and not knowing the danger they incurred commenced playing with them. Their sport came to an abrupt ter mination, as one of the caps exploded in the hands of a little boy, blowing three finders and the thumb off his right hand. Medical aid was procured as soon as possible, and the little fellow is now progressing as we'll as can be expected. Kapunda Institute.—The usual monthly mpetins of the committee of the Kapunda Institute was held on Friday afternoon last. _Present—Tht* Piesideut (Me.,T. Yaxley, S.M.), the Rev. J. JF. Donal 'son, and Messrs. M.eLaivn, PaVriok, Wheat-ley, and Rivment. The minutes of the las-t »net-tii)<r were read Hiid confirmed. The abstract oi the receipts and expenditure fuse the mouth t>f March showed that there was a credit balance on February 29th of £6 19s. Id.* sinoe which £22 10s. had been received from various sources. The expenditure for the month was £18 Is. 9d., leaving a balance in bang and in hand of £10 17s. 4d. The circulation for March was as follows;—History, 5; Bio graphy,. IS; Science and Art, 10 ; Travels, &c.;, io; Poetry. 4 ; Fiction, 376 ; General Literature, 45 ; total, 463. "Various accounts were passed for payment* The Secretary was instructed to order the Victorian Review and the Queenslander for the Institute. Mr. Rayment's motion,that young persons be tween the ages of 15 and 21 years of age be admitted members of the Institute on pay ment of one shilling per month in advance," was ordered to stand over until the next annual meeting of subscribers. Presentations.—On Thursday evening the teachers of the Bible Christian Sunday- school i met at a social tea in the schoolroom. The ! occasiou was that of a presentation to Mr. ! Robert Hooper, in kindly recognition of his services in training the children to sing at the school anniversary. The Rev. J. Raymont, in the absence of the Superintendent, Mr. Polglase, was invited to preside and to make the presentation.. He expressed his pleasure in seeing so large a gathering, who had come to practically express their indebtedness for ■ Mr. Hooper's, services,, and their esteem for hi» general character. He was sure the pre sent would' be valued, not for its mere- com mercial value, but chiefly on. account of the wealth-of good'feeling, that prompted the-gift. He then, handed to Mr. Hooper a riiehLy-boundl copy of CasseU's Illustrated Family Bible." Mr. Hooper having suitably responded, Mr. Hitchens and Mr. W. Thomas in a most pleasant manner added their testimony to Mr; Hooper's worth. Mr.. Raymont having*vacated the chair, the. meeting at once installed Mr. Thomas instead. In well-chosen words he said he had a pleasant duty to perform. Tiie meinhers of Mrs. Raymont's class had decided to present he? with, a memento of their esteem on her leaving Kapunda,for Port Elliott. He then handed th at ladva valuable butter dish and cruet stand1. He said lie-hoped she would carry with her pleasant memories of her Kapunda j friends, and spend along and useful life in the work of G-od. Mr. Raymont having said a few words in reply, the meeting closed with the benedictioti. VALEDiCTOEY.—*-On Sunday, March 30,. the Rev. J. Haslam, whose term of three years as pastor of the Kapunda Wesleyan Church has expired and who is- leaving for- the Kent Town circuit, preached his farewell, sermon at Kapunda to a large congregation. Mr. Haslam toot as the basis of his discourse the words " For my sake " (Matthew v., 11). The sermon was most impressive, rivetting the attention of the whole of the hearers, and by manj will be remembered for years to. come. On Thursday afternoon last some of the mem bers of the class that meets on that afternoon were determined to surprise their pastor and leader, and they succeeded in doing so. As circumstances prevented them holding an ordinary valedictory tea and meeting, they found other means to accomplish their ends, and at the conclusion of the class-meeting mentioned, Mrs. E. F. Garsed read the follow ing address :—" My dear Mr. Haslam—-I have very great pleasure, on behalf of this Thurs day afternoon class, in presenting you with a fruit service as a small token of remembrance of the many happy hours spent together in Christian fellowship and listening to your kind and faithful counsels. As a class we are sorry the time has arrived for your removal to another circuit; trusting our Heavenly Father will more abundantly bless you in your new sphere of labour; may the light of His countenance ever rest upon you, your beloved wife, and children wherever your future lot may be cast; and at last may we all meet again at His right hand, where there are pleasures for evermore, is the heartfelt prayer of every member. Signed on behalf of the class, E. F. GrAKSED. Kapunda, April 3, 188i." Mr. Haslam expressed his surprise . at what had taken place. If he had known their intention to present him with anything, probably he would have discouraged it. He had deolined to have a farewell meeting, one reason being a desire to reduce friction of itinerancy as much as possible. . He felt leaving Kapunda keenly, for he had labored happily here and with some success. Next to the joy of preaching the Word, he had en joyed the Thursday afternoon "class- meeting, which had been a means of blessing to him rather than of labour. He . thanked them very much for their very handsome present, which he should greatly esteem, and he earnestly prayed that the class might con tinue lo be prosperous. We understand that Mr. Haslam leaves Kapunda for Norwood next Wednesday, and we are sure that he takes with him the best wishes of his own people and that of the inhabitants of the town and district generally. W ESI.RYAN Sunday-school Auniybbsaby, Tahlee.—Services in connection with the above Sunday-sohool anniversary were con ducted on Sunday, March 23, by the Rev. J. Haslam, who preached morning and evening, and in the afternoon a song service, " Life of Christ," was rendered. The services were largely attended, and evidently highly appre ciated. On the following day a public tea was held, and was patronized by a large number of persons, including visitors and friends from all parts of the Kapunda circuit. The tea was splendidly prepared, and reflects the greatest credit on the ladies who had pro vided the many good things. The public meeting whieh followed was of a two-fold nature, viz., school anniversary and valedic tory. The church was crowded, and Mr. R. Kelly, J.P., circuit steward, presided, and de livered an interesting and instructive opening address. Mr. Clark, jun., presented the an nual report, which showed the school to be in" a flourishing condition: The Be*. W. B. Mather, of Riverton, and Mr. J. W. Blarney addressed the meeting on the importance of Sabbath-school work. The remainder of the meeting was of a valedictory character, the Rev. J. Haslam, having spent his full term of three years in the Kapunda circuit, being about to remove to another sphere of labor. Addresses expressive of great affection for the pastor and Mrs. Haslam were given by Messrs Wheatley and Menhennett representing Ka punda, Messrs. Wirikley, Kelly, and Davis Giles* Corner, Mr. Clark Tarlee, Mr. Smith Stockport, and Mr. Shearer ITinma Point, and the hope was expressed that.at some future time Mr. Haslam would again be appointed to the charge of the Kapunda cireait. The rev. gentleman made a most suitable reply in thanking the friends for their appreciation of the servioes of himself and Mrs. Haslam. Ho said the style was unique, but he fully appre ciated it. They but seldom heard from the pulpit or platform personal reference, but he was in a manner forced to do so that evening by what had been said. Their very flattering words would not npset his well- settled con* victions of what he was and what he was not, but next to the approval of his own con science he esteemed the heartily-expressed approval of the church to which he had given his life. During the three years of his ministry amongst them the membership, he was thankful to say, had advanced, and the finances were in a better position, the credit of which he did no: by any means monopolize, but which might be attributed, under God's blessing, to the earnest co-operation of the various officebearers and members of the cir cuit, all of whom he rery heartily thanked. He had not referred offensively to any other section of the Christian Church, nor had he sought to gain a member who belonged to another denomination. Tn these respects, however, they were not always treated thus, but they could better afford to suffer than to do wrong. Mr. Haslam then alluded to recent attempts to unsettle well-established beliefs, which he said were not more likely to succeed than the futile efforts which had been made in every cpntury of the Christian era. On resuming his seat, the speaker was loudly applauded. Several hymns .and anthems were ably rendered by the choir under the leadership of Mrs. Nock, Miss Taylor pre siding at the organ. After a vote of. thanks bad been passed and the benediction pro nounced, one of the most, interesting and suc cessful meetings ever held at Tarliee was brought to a close. Buddhism in Relation to Chbistiamtty. —At the last large, meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, ■ Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read , by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A.,on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said:—" Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern- work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the Devas acknowledging hiB sup remacy ; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves a* his feet; the temptation by Mara—which legends- are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such, phrases as "Conceived1 by the Holy G-host." " Born of the- Virein Maya," " Song of the heavenly host," " Presentation in, the Temple and temptation in the wilderness"— none of these- is found" in the-early Pali" texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached' a new doctrine of human suffering,, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is »o thought in the early Buddhism,, of'which we read' in- the Psfcli texts, of deliver ance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his sta-FBihg after the true emancipation from sorrow and' ignoranrev The accounts- of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the worM of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, thedUmb sang, the lame danced, the sick were-cured, together with all such, embellishments, are certainly added by later hands; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable like nesses in thought or expression to things familiar to-us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must ha^re bee? the in^uence* as I hare before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, per haps, long subsequently. This is a point •which has been much overlooked; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the etory of the fgod Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat- CUta, a theosophical poem put into tbe mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what, we should call Christian truth 'wrested from their proper setting, to adona thifl creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do the etories of his life .in the Maha-liliarata; bo that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the stoiy of Krishna was inserted in the Ufaha-Bharala to.furnish a divine sanction to the JBhagavat- Cfiia. If, then, as there is the strongest reason 1o believe, the Christian stoiy, somewhere between the. first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the founda tion of the most remarkable poem that ever eaw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ? " Several Some and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea Subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any'said to militate against the truth of the Sible,—a discussion ensued in w hieli Mr. Hormuzd Hassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student o£ the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements ■of Mr. Collins* paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian find Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth;.centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. ■Collins* statements. 