GEOFFRY STIRLING. PfiOLOGDEL-CHAPrER VL (Continued.) BY MBS. LETCH ADAMS. "Aye, I seen him, por* chap, down by the market place j he seems troubled i' hia moind like, mistress, but that's what a many of us are this day, and he moat howd up—he mast howd up like f rest on us." " Did you speak to him 2 ' she said, looking as if she were deaf to all else save the one fact that her husband had been seen. "Noa, he giv' us t' slip, did Muster Deve nant; he flitted by us, so to say, slape as a bat on f wing." "Which way did he take?" said Hester, twisting her hands more and more. Her pride was rolling in the dust, yet rearing its bruised head like some living thing. " I conna reetly say," said the farmer; " he flitted, yo* see, mistress." "Yes, bat which way did he flit2" said Hester with some impatience. "Heflitted outo'soight; he seemed like as if he were sore troubled in t' yed.. There's a many i'Becklington same as him this night, Mistress Devenant, but happen their yeas is stronger than hissen and can stand more wi'out brastin'." Hester, still pressing her hands the one in the other, made some assenting motion of the lips, while her eyes, gazing wist folly around, seemed to Bay— " Whither shall I turn my steps to seek my lost one!" Fanner Dale let no look of hers escape him; he saw that things were .going badly with her, and his honest kindly heart yearned to help' her. IM mo wi Biiiiijr wiui.yuu aiwr muster uewnant? It's a lonesome time.for a woman to be out; and as to my old woman, why it's this way twixt her and me, if so be as I should chance to be out of reason late, she'd know there'd be good cause. I've stayed a bit over'tame at The Safe Retreat to-night, there bein' Bo much to talk over and digest, as you may say, but, bless yon, what does that matter? nance knows I'm always safe to cross t' plank as lies over t\ brook at bottom of our garden wi'out a stumble. Good fellowship I'm for: drunkenness I'm agen; and that there jJlankl calls a test. * Build a proper bridge, Tom,' savB Nance to me (she's a proud find o* wench is Nance, and one as likes to shine afore her neighbours); 'No,' says I to her, ' I wo'ant; that there plank's a test,' says I ; *if I comes home as a sober man -should, l ean cross it; if Fm the worse ion drink, in I go, and out o' ducktoeed; let f plank bide.* All this sounded somewhat irrelevant on the part of the speaker, but it was'not meant so. It was saia partly to gain titae (in the hope that Gabriel JJevenant might suddenly " flit" into sight, and bring his wife's quest thus happily to an end), partly as an outlet or overflow for the growing uneasiness in his own bosom, and a consequent reluctance to lose sight of the troubled yet defiant woman. It maybe questioned whether Hester even heard the story of the plank that, was the nightly test of the farmer's sobriety. Yet she felt a warm sense of comfort in the sound of his hearty voice, and of help in his hearty sympathy. The weakest, part of her even, longed to accept his offer of companionship. But the- oride within her shrank from the thought of any third person, witnessing her meeting with' the man from whom she had parted in bitterness and anger. , - —•• with n; bat keiing shadows about them, as though she longed to be gone, " but I had rather go alone. Goodnight to you." Then she added, with a faint smile that lighted up her face into wonderful beauty for the moment, "Don't think that my trouble makes me forget yours." Another moment and she was Out of sight, so quickly -did her eager feet bear her onward, while the fanner was left alone under the stars, with the night wind sighing through the pines. 'Tm blest I" he thought to himself, smiting his thigh in wonderment, " but that's a rum 'on, that is 1 Snoh a scholard, too, as I hear. Why, my lady henel' dont epeafc prettier; and eyes like gimlets for going through a chap; a tongus, too, .as I hear, like a whip o* ama cords. She's a fine woman, ana no mistake, is Mistress Devenant; but there's blessLn'a as cuts both ways, I reckon." Here a vision of Nancy's apple-face and cheery smile came up before the eyes of his m nd, and he felt that his own lot had {alien unto ; him in pleasant places. But, keeping his homeward way} he went thoughtfully. He sang the morning hymn no more. A dead march—had he known one—would have better suited HIB frame of mind. Mistress Devenant' might have a bitter tongue and a hard look, but for all that she carried that night a terrible load of fear and sorrow in her breast, or he—Fanner Dalewas "a Dutchman." Lacking the phlegm of that stolid nation, he was conscious of a great pity for the woman who—at once sad and defiant of her own trouble—had just set out upon a weary quest. Truly she deserved such dole of compassion as she made her lonely way towards the lights of the town that lay gathered in a group in the hollow near the sea. For with every step the fears that had borne her company all through the day grew and multiplied, one .giving birth to another— the offspring darker than the parent. Mingling with these came phantoms of the past—sad-eyed ghosts of things that had been, .and were not, nor ever should arise to new sweet life again. How was it that the words of Hilda's foolish song—the song that had been rudely chidden as a fault—came to Hester's remembrance now ? It is not—it cannot be—laid aside; It is not a thing to forget or hide. What cannot be laid aside—what cannot be hidden, pile what you may of stifling coldness or cool estrangement upon its reproachful face ? The love of a wife for the man who has been the lover of her youth. You may trample it, but it will not die ; you may outrage it, but it will not fly; and in the hour of sorrow and suffering it starts into new life, new strength, new passion. It clings to the heart—ah! woe is me! As the ivy dings to the old oak-tree. In vain did that hydra-headed monster, Hester's pride, try to tear it and cast it from her; it would not be put forth. It kept her eerie company, dimming her unaccustomed eyes with tears, so that the lights of the town grew blurred to her sight; she sobbed as she walked. A torrent of irresistible tenderness towards the man she had driven forth with jeers and taunts flooded her soaL If she could only find him—only find him ! How all the old happy days came back to her ! The days when she first met him, when he seemed to her better than the best—goodlier than the goodliest. Their first chance meeting when she came upon him at his easel in a leafy dell, stealing the leaf shadows from the grass to set them, soft and wavering, on his canvas. The gentle woids he spoke, seeing her; his timid request that she . would stand a moment, her coal-scuttle bonnet hanging on her arm, the olive-green of her simple cloak and gown harmonising well (so he said) with the lighter greens about her; the bunch of ox-eyed daisies and pimpernel at her breast lighting up the whole. And she had lingered there to do his will, holding her head proudly the while, too, as a sort of compromise with dignity; she had stood there feeling the light of his eyes upon her as the flowers feel the sunshine—feefing that he was drinking In each special beauty as she had been dowered with—possessions never so highly valued before, but now precious exceedingly. For love came to Hester Deacon at a bound, not in dainty lingering steps, later in life than to most women, and therefore more infinitely sweet; for is not the late prune ofttimes the ripest? How sweet it was, as the early summer days passed on, and meetings grew from one to many, making each day bright with points of light as though it were a night and set with stars, to note how GabrielDeveiiant's wonder grew at all the things the farmer's daughter knew; at the books she had read, at her gentle speech, free from the rough Lancashire dialect; at the stately grace of every movement; at the glory of the irassive coils of burnished hair which formed a queenly crown about her head 1 And then—just when hay-carrying was over, and all the lanes were sweet, and every low-bending branch was fringed with hay brushed from passing carts high-piled—the evening when first he told his love in words ; when first his lips touched hers, and she shivered beneath the solemn ecstasy of the first thrill of passion that her life had ever known. She had been a proud and lonely woman, this farmer's daughter, who was so much above her surroundings; who, longing for knowledge, had stretched forth her hand to gather it; living from day to day in company with htr own thoughts and seeming to neea no other; even then, more feared than loved; aggressive in her demands of submission from her own family, wedded to her own will, imperious, jealous of slight, less happy than many a less gifted woman. But when Love came, his magic touch changed everything, teaching Hester a strange new gentleness, filling all her life with fragrance, as the scent of the hay perfumed all the world in those fair days of summer's first and sweetest harvest. Why did these memories of a far-off time lift their dead faces from the shroud of years, pleading so piteously for remembrance and recognition— to night ? (Z*o oe continued.) 