TIT BITS, IIV THIS N0V1CU. Travellers by rail .will bo surprised to fiucl tlint llicro has not; been during tho last fow days a Jlcll oil tho Penrith Station. * * # Shalcospoaro, or some one olso says, " Now is the winter of our discontent limdo glorious summerby thisson of York," or something to Hint direct, 1 hav'nt time to look it up just now. At an.v rate wlion I rise at about .! 3D n.in. 011 tlie.su cold winter mornings, 1 often wish this same LHike of York was about now. # * .* A good deal of correspondence was going on some time back in the Sydney papers, as to whose remains the stone near Linden Station, 0n the Western line covered, and many were the names given of the deceased one. A friend of mine a few days ago met with a party who resided in that locality upwards of forty years ago, and knows all about it. Tho deceased was a carrier and was killed by a bale of wool falling on him, his name was Donohoe, and the party who relates it reccolects the circumstances well. i« i|t >;< ?? ? On passing " tho little gloroo shop " a fow days ago ] made n remark that tlio building was hardly a suitable one for tho present cold weather. A friond who was with mo said "Yes it is rather cold inside but. then you know in case of fire ample provision has been made in tho way of new patent tire escapes." I had to confess my ignorance of any such new invented notion in l'enrith and my friond soon explained tlio matter, lie wiid "if you not Ice there's an intermission of about a quarter of an hour between cach of the slab), and in/case of lire there need bo no danger of a. rush to thedoor as tho inmates could easily slip out between tho cracks." Ho hud to bo carried home I # ? # * Some most poculiar challongos aro thrown out fit times, but about tho funniest I over heard was a 1)01*80 nud cow race. Two railway employes had made a deal for a cow. A purchased from li an animal for ;C2 which)!! was continually grumbling nbout, saying it was too dear and that it was tho womt bargain he hud over nmdo.. At thu same time A iiurchasdd ft marc from another employe named 0 tor fourteen pounds, which ho was very proud of, mid offered to back her to trot anything in the dis trict. U didn't think much of the mare, aiid said that although A had paid fourteen pounds for it, it. was not worth four, and to prove tho truth of his assert ion ho oil'ered to bnck tlio cow to trot the mare n distanco of half a mile for a five pound note; ho would rido t ho cow and 0 would rido the mare, that is if A lent him tho four props which he had used to keop tlio cow up. Shu had got too poor to stand. # # * Tho Cumberland illorcury is at prosont pub lishing " Wshur's Ghost" a yarn which has a. great deal of truth In it. From all I can gather fimu old hands hero, and who knew all about It, tho main facts as so far published, nro pretty corroot j but when tlioy lay theseone in tho Penrith district, they lire a littlo wide of tho mark, as it did not happen in this district at all. * ? * Talking of ghosts, an old friond of mino, a relation, and one of,tho stanchist teetotallers fells tho following, tho truth of which he is prepared to afllrm to day, A numbor of years ago ho was a carrier on tho roads between renrith and Sydney, and had some strange adventures, tho funniest of all was with an unibrolla ghost. If this man liad not boon a thoroughbred teetotaller, I would say that lie was-you know how. Ilu arrived atKaslorn Creek on a certain night about half past six and after having his tea, and giving ills horses a feed, as It was nrelty light and tho roads wore good, ho dotormtned to push on home. On nonrlng South Creek church ho saw what appeared to him a very tall man carrying an umbrella,, and walking at ft rapid pace. Jio could not understand what anyone could bo doing along such a lonoly road at Hint hour especially carrying an tunbrolhi. Nearer mid nearer the figure came towards hlni,,and when within a fow yards ho spoke but got. no answer, and tho flgnro passed on. Nothing more occurred until lie reached tho Sou Hi Crook brldgo. when he saw tlio samo llguro coming towards him again. Ho was determined ho would find out all about It this time. Nenrur and nearer the llguro enme agnin, but, with this difference that it. gradually grew smaller nud sninllor, and from a six fooler it gradually got down to about, two fuUt, when it. canio up to" him, llo immediately attoiimtod to sol/.oil, but lie grasped at 1 bin air. Just at the time I lie,10 appeared to hu a flnsh of lightning, and lie was for a few niliiules bllndi'd and Insensible. Of course lie soon recovered and drove on wondering in his mind what It al| meant. Nothing further occtiral (ill lie reached the top of the hill opposite the Presbyterian church when lie saw the same figure coining towards him, opposite the Commercial then kept by 31 r. I'erry. This time the tiguic did not reach liiin, but. turned into St. Stepen's church, and he nfiver saw or heard any more of him. Now these are related as facts, and the ninn is prepared to swear to them. Can any of my readcis tell mo what it all meant. A petition, to be signed solely liy women, is now in course of signature, for presentation to the Legislative Assembly. The following is the text of the petition :-'. The humble petition of the under signed women, residing in the colony of New South Wale*, sheweth,-That your petitioners regard the trnflic in intoxicating liquor.-!, ns at present existing in this colony, ns the source of manifold evils to society at large, and especially to many of their own sex, in as-much as there are numerous womeu who are exposed to constant ill-usage, or who suffer equally cruel neglect, because those from whom they should recinve protection ':irc mode brutnl by intemperance ; while many mothers are doomed to sec their sons or dmightcis in whom their hopes are centred, yield to the temptation of the drinking bar, and become the victims of the shame and ruin which inevitably result from continued excessive indulgence in intoxicating liquors*; and n large number of wives and mothers have themselves yielded to the allurements of iutcmpcrancc which beset (licin, iind the inniifold effort* tint forth for the reclamation of these anil other fallen ones, are made ineffectual by the agencies which tempt tlieni to their own destruction ; that, in short, your peti tioners regard the lipnor trallie as the most liroliliu source of broken hearts, ruined homes, blighted lives, and their sex* as thd great sufferers by these misfortunes. Your petitioner, therefore, humbly prny your honorable House to pass a measure of local option, giving to tho ratepayers of every district nil effective power to restrain the issue or a renewal of licenses for the sale of intoxieing liquor." _ v The parish church of Hillingdon, a mile from IJxbridge, wns broken into. The thieves effected an cntrnnco by smashing the large stained-glass window over the Conimunioii table. The alms boxes were broken open niul their contents ab stracted, Tho thieves apnear to have injured them selves, ns blood was found in various parts of the building, and also 011 theoutside'of the east window. The vases 011 tho Communion table wore knocked down, but, fortunately, the Ccmiiuuiiion-pliitu had been rcmoncd from the ehu.tch the day previously. The l'aris correspondent of iha_Stitiitlard snys A boy violinist,| who, it my bo predicted, will in future be heard of by the world, gave 011 Thursday night a recital in the'presence of a distinguished audience at the Snlee JI or/.. The iinmu of this child artiste is tiniest Morel-, and ho is s'nled to lie 12 years old, though he does not look mora tlinn 1(1. Besides lakinJff tho lirst violin in classical quartets young Moret played several solos by Vieuxtcnips, W'ioniawaki, and other celebrated composers in a manner so finished and full of ns fairly to astound the audience. A Fact Worth Knowing*.-Are you suffer ing with Consumption, Coughs, Severe Colds sett led 011 tho Breast, i'neumonia, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs I II' so, go to your Druggist and get a bottle of Boschoo's German Syrup. The people are going wild over its success, and Druggislsiind over our country nro writing us of its wonderful cures among their customer. 11 has by fin* the, largest sale of any remedy, simply because it is of so much value in all affect ions of this kind Chronic cases quickly yield to it. Druggists recommend il and physicians prescribe it. 11'you wish to try Its superior virtue, got a Sample Hot tie for (id. Large size bottle fi.s (Id, Three doses will relieve any ease Try it. Hitpslmrg liiailOS.-These magnificent in struments may now be had at. the lowest prices for cnsli, or on tho most liberal times payment system, from W. Sykcs, Station Street; J'oiirit'li.-Aov! A Fact Worth Knowing.-It. may not he know that tho slock of Air. S. W. ltayncr of ]'!niu Plains] is being nlmost given away. 'Tin's stock is without doubt the host kept, best' bought, and best value in tho whole district, and Mr. Alex. Caiuiibell having purchased the whole lot amounting in (ill to £1780 17s. 10d, at a very low pricc, is now soiling the same much lower than similar goods can bo bought in wholesale quantities foiv Wu advise all our friends just to have a look and IC tliey have a few pounds to spare they can save fully 'Jii per cent.-Ajjv. 