:..PL&YING; WITH THE GHOSTS. BY B.W.N. "Oh! Maggie, how can you jest so !" said Fanny Gamble. "I guess if you found yourself in the presence of a bona fjde ghost, you would run from it instead of after it." "What is this all about t" asked Guy Halifax, gazing in astonishment at the excited group before him. " Why, just this," answered Robert Norman, constituting himself spokesman for the party, " we were discussing guosts and kindred spirits, when that madcap, Maggie," casting an admiring glance at her saucy face, "rehearsed for our benefit the story of the Leslie haunted house, and concluded with the audacious' propo sal that the entire party should spend the night there, and engage in the exciting pastime of chasing spirits." Guy laughed and said : " Well in my opinion she would have a long watch and no game." " That's my opinion, too," said Robert, " but some of the ladies are frightened at the idea, and disavow all desire to try the experiment." " Shame on them," said Maggie, " for showing the white feather. I'm deter mined to go, if I go alone." " If you are determined to go, Maggie, why, I will accompany you," said Robert Norman, who was her accepted lover, "and see that the ghosts do not spirit you away." Here followed an animated discussion upon the propriety and safety of the scheme, but persisting in her determina tion, they all finally agreed to the pro posed visit. Mrs Eaton offered some feeble resis. tance to the proposed plan,buther husband said : "Let the young folks have there own way. There's nought there to harm them." So Mrs. Eaton made no further objec tions, but ever thoughtful for the comfort of her guests, dispatched some servants immediately-for they could not be per suaded to approach the house after dark with refreshments, blankets, and materials for light and fire. The Leslie mansion was not far from Eaton Villa. The evening was bright and cloudless, and the gay party started off about nineoclock with laugh and jest, to walk to its haunted precincts. "Here Guy," shouted Mr. Eaton, as they started down the garden walk, "take this with you," handing him a loaded pistol. "You'll not be troubled with ghostly visitants; but if your adventure get abroad, some meddling vagabond might attempt to impose upon theladies credulity and nothing could better assure you pro tection against such rogues." They walked blithely along, and soon stood before the deserted dwelling. It loomed up gloomy and repellant upon their gaze. The great door, as it yielded to their touch,Icreaked dismally upon its rusty hinges, and the firm tread of Guy, who had volunteered to precede thermand strike a light, resounded hollow through the dis mantled hall. The familiar sputter of the imatch, and the faint glimmer of a candle, however, restored their faltering courage. Soon a cheery fire of blazing logs crackled defiantly in the open chimney, and under the influence of light and heat, their re creant gaiety soon returned. They drew forward two moth-eaten lounges that stood grimly against the mouldy wall, and covered them with the blankets which Mlrs. Eaton's care had pro vided. A time stained, forbidding-looking table, too, was drawn out of its obscure corner, and made the receptacle for the contents of two plethoric - looking hampers. " What a novel affair," laughed jolly Maggie. " A midnight picnic in an en chanted house, with any quantity of ghosts expected to assist in the consump tion of the good things." "Oh, Maggie !' exclaimed Maud. "you're not orthodox; ghosts don't eat." "Don't they, though ? Then it is be cause they don't get the chance. If I only see one, I'll ask him to eat, and you see if he refuses." "He " laughed Robert mischievously. "You seem to imagine that all the spirits are of the masculine gender." " Oh, I'll leave all the females to you. You are wondrous fond of them, you know." "Only one, ma chcre," he whispered, stooping to cut a knot that defied her deft little fingers. While the ladies were busy arranging at their command in a most comfortable i manner, two of the E--slemen explored the rest of the house, but soon returned, saying that they had discovered nothing s but dirt and cobwebs. They gathered around the table, and discussed the tempting viands. Song, gay rapartee, and lively chit- I chat passed the hastening hours. Midnight ! The very word brought with it a shuddering fear. The ladies ceased their flippant chat, and cast ner vous glances over their shoulders. Even the bolder masculine souls grew more - quiet and less boastful. The moments flew on, and no ghost was I seen or heard. Weary eyes, in spite of their fear, grew dull, and sleepily closed. Sudden visions, rattling of detached plas ter, creaking of loose timbers, or the melancholy chirp of some bird disturbed C in its slumber would start the listless forms, and open the sleepy eyes in lumi nous fear; but gradually nature overcame their sleep watchfulness, and all, except 6 Guy, were closely locked in the arms of Morplheus. Guy glanced round him with a smile. The curly head of the intrepid Maggie rested on thle shoulder of Robert Norman, where he had placed it, apprehlensive of speedy dislocation of her neck far hier violent nods, as she succumbed to her it weariness. The other ladies were on the lounigs in somnnolent attitudes, while the - gentlemen reclined on chairs, or in half 1 recumbent positions on the floor, Maud, sweet Maud ! Hlis gaze lingered lovingly on her dear face. Site reclined C in the cumbersmne armt chair opposite Ii him. One rotndedt cheek pressed the a crimson shawl whichl he had spread over n the dusty, mothl-eaten cover. Uer dark e: ringlets, picturesquely dilshevelled, clus- o tered in rippling confusion absout her face ci Sher white dimpled hands clasped negli- tt gently in her lap. A sweet picture she I made, the flickering shadows from the y ruddy firelight stealing over her. But gradlually thie silence grew irksomne, almost insupportable. Extremely weary, his eyelids heavy with sleep, yet anxious forebodings chased away his desire for rest. Time dragged heavily along. Guy, with his head resting wearily upon his hand, was dreamily meditating. A slight noise aroused him from his reviere. Raising his eyes, ha beheld to his dismay, a phantom trowFd glide in from tihe unopened door. IIe gazed with mingled awe and wonder, anti a thrill of a fear and a sense of icy coldness crept oner him. The outlines of the shapes were dim, and faded into nothlingness, they seemed to sway and hover in the air. They were all skeletons, and their flesh less jaws grinned sardonically, and an in tense uneartly light shone from their empty eye-sockets. They took no notice of the unconscious sleepers, but turned their fleshless faces towards Guy. He felt their baleful glances, and his blood chilled with horror. They pointed their bony fingers at him gesticulated angrily, as if incensed at his presence. r Finally, one of the more hideous look. t than the rest, glided menacingly towards I him, his fleshless bones clattering as he I approached. Palsied wtih horror, Guy remained motionless. Not until he felt its cold, Sdeathly grip around his throat did he I rouse from his lethargy. Shaking off the rinning horror with a deperate effort, *e seized the pistol before hin, and dis charged it at his grisly foe. The sharp report rang echoing through the house. Every one started to their feet; the ladies in abject terror, and the men in wondering consternation. Guy glanced bewildered about him. The phantoms had fled, but-oh ! horror I -Maud Eaton; his dear betrothbd, lay welterino in her life's blood. :He had shot her. in a? hideous dream, and, paralysed with horror and remorse, he sank insensible on the floor. The fearful realisation of the awful tragedy before them burst upon the be wildered senses of the awe-stricken party. They gathered, mute and. unnerved, around the prostrate form of the victim and her unwitting murderer. The red rays of the morning sun trem bled in the east, and flushed the doll gray sky with rosy light. Out of the grim por tals of the ill-fated house shudderingly passed the returning party. Two' rough litters had been hastily constructed,- upon which reposed the lifeless body of the hapless Mlaud and the still unconscious form of poor Guy. Maggie walked beside her slain sister, with a dazed expression of her dark eyes, remorsefully murmuring, " it is my sin ! it is my sin !" As they neared the house, Robert Norman hastened forward to break the dreadful news to the inssuspeoting parents. At the sight of the gory form of Maud, and the ghastly features of Guy, Mrs. Eaton sank helpless to the floor. The guests, aided by the weeping ser vants, set about their mournful tasks. They carried Guy's prostrate form to a bed-chamber, and sent for a physician to attend him. They applied restoratives to the poor heart-broken mother, and tenderly prepared Mlaud for the grave. It seemed a dream I so young, so full of hope ! Oh ! cruel fate, couldst thou not hare stolen the sweet young life in a less fearful way 1 but to fall by the hand of the one who would have given his own heart's blood to have spared her one d fleetinlg pang of sorrow. When Guy arose from his bed, a asat tered man, the wintry snows were heaped a high upon Maud's dreamless bed. A few years of restless wanderings, his hair blanched, and his face wrinkled with bit ter grief and gnawing remorse ; a lone journey to the grave of his murdered be trothed, a gasping cry for forgiveness, and the worn and weary victim of a cruel fate was stretched, cold and lifeless, on tile damp sod. 