THE PRIEST'S GHOST. (From the Argonaut.') One day in early July the little village street of Stalden wns as crowded as a Parisian boulevard. On foot, on horseback, carried in chairs, came pil grims from the old and thenew world, on a summer tour of tho Alps, halting here for a draught of the celebrated native wine before they continued their journey. The inn door was blocked up by a keen-faced, ? blonde-bearded Ger man, whose alpen-stock and knapsack proclaimed him an Alpine climber ; mf. f.Tin wrnf.Tl nf 4:Ji« naiv.nnmarfl ailll. sided when a glance through the door of the overflowing tavern left no doubt that his broad shoulders could have found no room within. Ho was look ing now in pleased surprise at a restless pair of horses' ears, and above them tho dark face of a woman among the tourists crowding the shaft-liko open ing of the street. The day before he had been only a few steps away from her, as she stood looking down dreamily on the 'Rhone vallev from the ruins of the Castle of Tourbillon. She was then accompanied by two odd-looking men, one of whom (the taller), had eyes only for the terrors of nature, while the other (a little man) went into ecstasies over the red immortelles and numerous butterflies. As the lady stood silently where the rock falls sheer down, for one moment our traveller had felt as if she alone with him could ap preciate tho gloomy grandeur of the andscape. He had stepped back re spectfully as the trio left the ruins, but a glance from under her heavy black lashes had punished him for his too evident admiration. He wondered now which of the two peculiar men still be side her washer husband. That she was married seemed beyond a doubt, she made such a calm, determined effort to break through the crowd. She was checked by a dispute between her two companions, which disclosed to the stranger the fact that they were her brothers, that her name was Brigitta, and that she was the harmonizer of their continual discord. A movement of her horse next claimed her attention, and she became aware that he was investigat ing the blonde stranger, who was feed ing him with bread. ' I beg your pardon,' she exclaimed with a blush, as she recognised her mute admirer of Tourbillon. He only answered with kindly smile that seemed to increase her embarrassment. Presently the guides came back to their neglected animals, and the little caravan started. With an almost im perceptible bend of the head, Brigitta had parted from the traveller, but the eager interest in her eyes was marked by Michael, the more powerful of her two companions, who, believing it a criticism on himself and his brother, crushed it accordingly with a martial glance. Presently the stranger found himself alone, except for a few unemployed guides anxious for an engagement. One of them finally addressing him clumsily : 1 Would the gentlemen like to cross the Monte Moro into Italy ?' ' At this time of year? No !' smiled the German, with an observant look at the young fellow, in whose eyes lay something sinister and unsteady. 'But I must earn something,' the guide insisted, holding outa well-worn book for inspection. 'My name is Furrer. We are three brothers, from Saas. One of us is sick with nervous fever, at home, and the other has set up housekeeping and has no money left.' The stranger glanced at the book in which tourists had written their testi monials, and looked up surprised, for all languages bore witness to the strength and coolness of Alois Furrer, of whom several books of travel had spoken as a celebrated and reliable guide. Over coming his, distrust of Furrer's hangdog look, the traveller said kindly : ' I have a giacier-climb on hand, and am fortunate in securing 'so famous a guide. Were you ever on a certain Fairy Alp?' Furrer's face turned ashy white as he said, hoarsely : ' What do you watt!; there ? There is no hotel ' ? ' The view of the Fairy Glacier must be glorious from the Mischabelhorn.' ' It is,' said Alois, with* a deep sigh. ' Well, I will go with you. We can reach Saas to- night, and ' ? , ' I prefer to go over the Zermatt,' interrupted the. stranger ; and as Alois shook his head, he,.c.ontinued, ' My feet are like steel, and my head never swims.' The conditions were soon agreed upon. The stranger was liberal, and Furrer (liko most of his class) had a certain rough chivalry in money matters ; so they began their climb on the best of terms, and reached the Hotel Monte Eosa in time for dinner. Our friend cast a rapid glance down the table, and discovered what he was looking for. A slight consciousness came into his face as the waiter placed him opposite the fair object of his pursuit, and Bhe sat silent and unsympathetic between her brothers. Presently a fresh quarrel between them was diverted by seeing that their usually reserved Bister was in conversation with her vis-a-vis. He was telling her the object of his journey. ' I give out that it is in the cause of science, but really ib is1 only for a romantic memory of my childish days. An old botanist, a friend of our family, in wandering over these districts had come upon a detached Alp, quite Bur rounded by glaciers, called the Fairy Alp. No matter what subject waB started, he always came back to the fact that the Fairy Alp was the most beauti ful thing ho had ever seen. So it was the dream of my boyhood, and has become my longing as a man. Every thing that I have seen seems colourless beside the magic of that unBeon glacier island. My studies wore influenced by it — at least, I hoped that by studying the ice-age, and investigating erratic blocks, I might find the solution of my crystal riddle, the Fairy Alp. My dread is now that, some olomental cata clysm, something never before heard of, will keep me yet from the sight of it. lou see,' the stranger concluded, with an embarrassed smile, ' that a scientist of thirty yeare may be a child.' ? * Brigitta inquired where this Fairy Alp lay, and naturally wondered why he did not go directly from Stalden; but his confusion made her repent ' her question, and her brothers came to the rescue. ' Strange flowers, and ancient troes, and a pretty Sonnerin,' gurgled the younger. ' My old friend said nothing about her; but if she existed she must be slightly faded by this time,' laughed the stranger. After n\ore conversation, the brothers offered to accompany him on his expedition, introducing them selves as Michael and Theodore Donner brecht, and learning that his namo was Waldeinar Faltenberg. Some days passed before the weathor was suitable for their undertaking. Meantime AValdemar's intercourse with Brigitta had returned to a formal basis. He learned from the travellers' book that she was Madame Monten, and from her brothers that her husband had been dead for years. Michael spoke of him as such a model of manly ac complishments, unwearied sportsman, climber, runner, athlete, swimmer, that Waldemar felt an icy wind nip the tiny bud of sentiment in his breast. Tet before they started Brigitta suddenly restored him to favour bespeaking to him confidentially of her fears for Michael, and ended by placing her brothers under his special care. They started at midnight that they might cross the icefields while they were still hardened by the night frost, and the Donnerbrecht brothers held out better than was expected. On they plodded, until at last the pale 'light over the highest peaks turned red ; and as they halted painting on the height in snow knee-deep, the sun rose bravely on a world of ice, and snow, and dark ?ridges of rocks — a world of death and desolation. ' We have left the worst behind,' said Alois to Waldemar, as they began the descent, sinking deep in the snow at every step. At last they came to firm ground, a narrow ridge between two glaciers. Perhaps because Michael was frightened at tho depths on either hand, he had gone down where the rock sloped like a roof for some fifty feet, and ended in blue air. Suddenly Alois gave a loud warning cry, and tried to throw the rope he held around the point of the rock in front, but it was too short. Then came a despairing call, and a dark mass rolled down the rocks. It was Michael, who had slipped and fallen. Then the pull on the rope that bound them all together came on Theodore, and carried him down. Waldemar saw that with his own uncertain footing he must irrevocably follow the other two, and Alois could not withstand the united weight of three men. He came to a rapid decision. With a glance at the abyss on his left, and a warning cry to Alois when the pull came on him, he spraug over the precipice on the oppo site side from the other two. Alois understood him, and quick as lightning let out a few coils of rope. -Then he fastened the rope by which Waldemar hung, securely to a rock, and the next moment Michael and 'Theodore began to climb the slope ; but when they re gained the ridge Waldemar still swung in mid-air, seeking in vain for a foot hold, in the Bmooth wall. Then Furrer knotted the reserve rope several times, and giving one end to the rescued men, threw the other to Waldemar, who was thus drawn up to firm ground, while Alois gave a trembling cry of joy, and the others were too moved to speak. They proceeded more cautiously, and at last stood on the upper gallery of a glacier amphitheatre. The icefields hung like monstrous tiled roofs from the pyramid of the Mischabelhorn down to the glittering ice terraces that descended in narrowing semi-circles to the valley. And in the midst a table rock, with sloping plains, rose from the frozen waves of the glacier streams surrounding it. Covered with pale ,green grass and dark pines, the island lay like an oasis in a crystal desert ; inhabited, too, for a lilliputian figure was looking up at them. ' There it is !' said Alois, pointing in agitation that neither love of nature nor the danger just passed could ac count for. ' The Fairy Alp !' whispered Walde mar. At the same moment the clear cry of a woman's voice was repeated by the echo from all the mountain sides. A long call from Furrer made answer. ' You are in luck,' he said. Sery is here already with her goats. Generally she is in Mattmark at this season.' Alois seemed to think that he, too, was in luck. ' Where is Mattmark ?' inquired Waldemar. ...,..-.. - ' At the foot-of Monte Moro.' Waldemar understood now Purrer's offer to take him over the Monte Moro pass. ' Who is this Sery ?' he asked. ''Her name is Seraphine Imhorn. She is an orphan. Her parents lived in Snas,' answered Furrer, ? with a quick, mistrustful glance at Waldemar. The figure that had called to them stood- still, watching them as they ap proached. When Waldemar set foot on tho grass, he stood astonished at the girl's clear-cut, colourless features, and well developed yet delicate figure, and although at Zermatt he had seen braids as blonde, skin as white, and features as fine, the young Sennerin made an uncanny impression on him. ' ' 'You are early this year, Sery,' cried Alois, hurrying to her. ' Adieu, Alois,' she said, with the for mula used in that region for welcome asfor favowelljignoring his outstrotchod hand. 'AVhore from now?' ' Zermatt, The gentlemen nearly lost their lives trying to see your Alp.' 'The Laughing Imp does that,' said Sory, with every sign of fear. Walde mar found some difficuly in understand ing her gutturnl speech. ' I hoard him laugh yesterday, and when I counted my flock, my prettiest kid was gone, last suininor he stole a goat aud two kids.' ' They fell into acrevasso,' said Alois' ashamed to share Sery's superstition in the presence of the strange gentlemen. ' You never saw tho Imp.' ' , ' Last summer a great yellow head came above that block there, and -laughed.' ' ' ] f I had my gun,' and the gentlemen stay long enough ' — ' Don't do that, Alois,' said the girl, earnestly. ? ' If you shoot at a spirit the bullet will wound you. And who knows what the Laughing Imp would do to us? It is not as it used to be on the Alp — look at the ice-wall there that was far enough away last summer; and now it hangs almost over our headB. I pray to the Blessed Mother of God every night, and go all over the Alp with holy water, so that the Imp won't throw the wall on us.' ' That ice-wall needs no evil spirit to make it fall,' remarked Waldemar. ' But unless some unforeseen cir cumstance loosens it from the rest of the glacier, it will melt away without danger in the course of a month.' Sery nodded, ' Yes, the smoke from the good ice-queen's chimney will melt it,' and she pointed to some small white clouds rising from one spot in the glittering mass. Waldemar was slightly vexed at this way of taking his simple and natural explanation. ' Where heat and moisture meet, vapours arise,' he began, but Sery had vanished into her hut to get them milk and cheese. ' A strange young creature,' he said to Alois. ' What does she do in winter ?' ' Sery is not poor.' said Alois, proudly. ' She has a house in Mattmark, and the Alp belongs to her. Besides, she knows so many fairy-tales and legends that everybody would be glad to have her.' ' She seems to have some education, too. At least she understands High German.' Furrer turned pale and looked down. ' Father Jules, who used to live in SaaB, took a great interest in her.' . ' And where is the priest now ?' 'He was a fine climber,' panted Alois, as if he had been running. ' He used to guide people for money over the glacier. Two years ago he was drowned in Lake Mattmark. He turned giddy, and then he fell in, I suppose.' ' Such a good mountaineer ?' said Waldemar. ' Anybody can turn giddy,' returned Alois. ' Besides, no one knows rightly ; the water was too deep to find the body.' The Donnerbrecht brothers decided to go on to Saas that day, rejoin their sister, and start for Kyssel. This seemed to please Alois, but the corners of his mouth drooped low, and his un Bteady eyes flickered peculiarly when Waldemar declared his intention of spending tho night and perhaps the following day on the Alp. This was not to prevent the brothers from reach ing Saas that evening, and it was agreed that Alois should accompany them. ' That is, if you will trust Sery_ with me until to-morrow,' he said, looking at the guide with such mischievous good nature that Alois looked away uneasily. ' Will you take care of this gentle man ?' he said to Sery, as she gave her hand to the brothers in farewell. ? She nodded with the seriousness of a matron and the unconcern of a child. Then the party set off, and Waldemar and Seaphine sat together through the twilight. As she told him legend upon legend of the good and evil spirits, and the poor souls that do penance in the ice-fields, he thought her voice, with its deep gutturals, was like the low cooing of the wood doves in his native land. The night fell ; the mysterious glow faded from the sky, and only Seraphine's white face shimmered through the dark ness. He followed her like a sleep walker when she showed him his straw pallet in a shed, and commended him to the protection of the saints! When he tried to take her hand she had vanished in the darkness. So he climbed into the shed, and groped about for the pallet, and slept at last with his head on his knapsack. About midnight he was wakened by a singular noise, as if a garment hung with glass or icicles were brushing against the walls. The next moment he a-itributed it to rats, and laughing at his short breath and beating heart, he opened the door of the shed. Each beam of Sery's hut was distinctly visible in the light of the moon that stood full above the Fairy Glacier. Suddenly Waldemar started back. From the little Sennerin's door a dark shadow slid, vanished among the trees, and appeared again on the glacier leading to the yalley. This figure did not hover spirit-wise, but now climbing, now jumping, followed all the irregularities of the ice. Mistrust of Sery and anxiety for her struggled in Waldemar ; anxiety won, and he approached her hut. She was praying aloud most fervently and as Waldemar had no wish to pry into her secrets, he slipped back to his shed and wrapped ihis stiffened limbs in his plaid. . Sery herself, waked . him the next morning. She did not droop her great spiritual eyeB before his searching look, but said, quietly : 'If you are going to Saas, I will guide you acrpss the glacier.' ' Why,' said Waldemar, ' it was arranged that I should wait here for Alois.' ' Alois and I must never meet again,' said Sery. ' HeN talks about my being his wife, and that is impossible.' 'Why?' Sery dropped her eyes and blushed deeply. ' Because last night I promised a poor soul in pain never to marry my whole life long. I am going to Our Lady of tho Steps to make the vow. But you must not stay on the Alp.' ' Did you make such a vow as that to a ghost last night ?' asked Waldemar, doubting tho girl's sanity. ' Who was it?' 'The dead priest,' whispered Sery. ' He came, last night, and, after ho had breathed my breath, that ho might speak with the living, he told mo that it wns not Alois who pushed him into Lake Mattmark, as everybody thinks, but a crazy shepherd. And then he said he was kept out of heaven by a sinf nl earthly love, and can nevor be re deemed until a young girl whoso lips have never been touched by a man shall make a tow of perpetual maidenhood ba 1 ? '? ? ? ''? fore Our Lady of 'the steps. Ipromise* urn to do it, and he went away in tbe- ! hope of salvation.' -..?.-. ' You don't know the object of this- i earthly kve?' asked Waldemar. \ No,' she answered; lifting her true hearted, innocent eyes to his. 'And you recognised your dead friend?1 .' ? } heard him, and felt his breath, ! said Sery, shuddering at the recollec tion of the dead man's kiss. ' They never found the body,' said Waldemar, thoughtfully, . remembering le dark figure on the glacier. .?'- ' But then,' he reasoned, ' why should a man in_ the almost sovereign position of priest in one of the valleys give himself out for dead ?' He gave up the riddle ' You must not go alone;' he added. ' I will go with you, and help you pray f or the repose of his soul.' ' (To be continued.) . ?y 