HOW I FOUND NARGUN CAVE. (By J.D.S.) When first I came to my selection, now some years ago, the blackfellows used to tell me, "Nargun will eat you." Thinking it was only their way of joking I took no notice of what they said, but when I became better ac- quainted with them, some of them very seriously told me, Nargun, has a cave near you and will be sure to find you out someday. One of the more intel- ligent of them informed me that this was a monster like a woman, but much larger, very strong, and covered with scales like a fish, that she had a great taste for eating blackfellows, and if one of them came near her cave he never got away, but was sure to be devoured. I find in Mr. Brough Smyth's interest- ing book about the aborigines that he mentions among their myths this of Nargun, and, that this being is sup- posed to live in a cave near Lake Tyers. These various statements made me wishful to discover, if possible, the residence of so formidable a neighbor. Mr. Bulmer informed me that he had seen the cave, but it was so many years ago that he had forgotten the precise locality. I often tried to induce the blackfellows to show me where it was but could not succeed; they positively declined to be eaten. I was too busy with work on my selection to give time for exploring, but sometimes on a holi- day would search the gullies in the direction of the mysterious cave, though hitherto without success. Last week two young men, who were rusticating in this neighborhood, one a school master, who, tired of teaching the young idea how to shoot, for a change came to shoot wallabies; the other a candlemaker, came to my selection to recreate. One day was set apart for trying to find Nargun cave. We made an early start, and after pushing our way through some very rough country, came to a large gully that I thougft was somewhere about the place I wished to find. Proceeding down it for about half a mile we came to were some rocks had fallen, and half hidden by ferns and bushes was the entrance to the cave. We scrambled over the rocks and found an opening high enough for us to stand in upright. The roof came lower, and we had to stoop, then crawl on hands and knees, and our progress was neither rapid nor pleasant. We soon got tired of it, and reaching our candle as far as possible, could see no change far the better, so we backed out, and were not sorry to get into daylight again. We unani- mously resolved that if this is the famous Nargun cave it is not worth coming to see. I suggested that in- stead of returning the way we came we should keep down the gully and follow the creek towards home as the scenery was very beautiful. All were willing, so away we went, the school master leading. Very soon he let a great shout out of him, " 'Why, we have not been in the cave at all, here it is." And sure enough the gully had come to an abrupt end; a spur of the range had cut across it, and in the face was a large rent or crack some twenty or thirty feet high, and just wide enough for a person to walk in. It was a wild looking place, and made us think of those lines in the " Fairie Queen," Ere long they come where that same wicked wight His dwelling has, low in a hollow cave, Far underneath a craggy, cliffy pight, Dark, doleful, dreary, like a greedy grave, that still for carrion carcases doth crave; On top where of aye dwelt the gastly owl, Shrieking his haleful note, which ever drave Far from that hunt all other cheerful fowl, And all about it wand'ring ghosts did wail mid howl, And all about old stocks and stubs of trees. Spenser might have been here when he wrote this, for we have the cave, the owl, (the candllemaker shot it though) old stocks and stubs of trees, but where is Nargun? Our candle had got very short through exploring the first cave, so we had not much time to give to this. For about four hundred yards it continues narrow, and then opens out wide, and is much higher, perhaps forty to fifty feet high, but when we got this far our light was nearly gone, and much to our regret we had to return. A creek flows through the cave, but is dry at present. The drift wood shows that sometimes it is four or five foot deep. The mystery of the cave has yet to be explored, how far it goes, where is its outlet, where did Nargun cook the blackfellows, and other interesting, particulars remain to be discovered. If some of our enter- prising summer visitors solve these problems, well and good, if not, should we live to see another holidlay, we may try again. 