EXHIBITION NOTB3. (B? k SsBOIiX.} tt Is strange to men *ho Mwfe been a mt about, and whose camji has Cttfth been pitohed I in strange plate*, trlifct & wonderful attraction i this t?o*d a Exhibition" has ever since that memorftbJe world's fair in Hyde Park in which was undoubtedly the beginning of all these s> owe upon tho larger and—if I the word tho—amalgamated system* Kvet since then countries hare Tied with each other in general as well as special exhibitions South Kensington has giren us last year the Fisheries Exhibition j this was the fi"t of ?»!""'°f arrangements. Now the Health Exhibition hat h said fair shaTe of the public attraction. On Wednesday Queensland opened its annual exhibition and to all who hare been concerned in it let me pay them—if they will accept it great credit for everything except arrangement. The catalogue was admirable, but Why was it not possible to show where one could go to see certain -special exhibits that tbey were particularly interested in seeing. Nothing could hare been easier than to adopt the old 1851 plan of hanging a painted banner " Food Sec tion," or, if you like it better, "Vegetable Department." Upon entering tho building, I eaw a lovely group of plants, which the placard told me were from the Acclimatisation Gardens, but, good as ther were, nod having been connected with exhibits of plants a long time, permit ma to say that the man who put up that group was a true floral a-tirte, and might fairly rival tome nf the old country people who have earned their claim to be " Decorative Fl-wist to Her Majesty " I don't know, nor did I ask, who arranged this, so pleasB take this, as is now probably admitted by the thousands who saw this floral trophy yesterday that it is only a worthy tribute to a splendid effect. Now a word about this vegetable exhibition of Qu'ensland. I am very much surprised at the slow progress that has been made in horti culture ; if I were a market gardener at home, and took into Covent Garden the " first prise" celery, T am certain that the ghost of old Pandy at Evans's wonld chaso me in memory of soma of the Bomford celery—this was as long as yonr arm and as solid as a nnt. This is celery, and there ib no reason why Queens land cannot produce it. Now turnips made a considerable display; some of the kinds were really what one who knows believes to be the best; hut why not give the names they are called out here? I saw red-top stone a good winter turnip at home, and also the green-top •'catch-a kind wa u-e for cattle-feeding m the winter but in most of the northern counties it is considered a verv desirable winter acquisition The rest are Chinese kinds Then, again, the cabbajes shown, most assuredly the Wheeler's Imperial, wns no more the true variety than it was the Digby Chicks, which are supposed to go wi hesbbsges. The savoy that was shown was a capital variety of the Drumhead kind, of which there »e several. The potatoes, as far as specimens were con cerned, were grand, but why not gat more of the newer varieties that are found so much more prolific and so much better in flavour ? T noticed some kinds that I knew whan a boy. Such kinds as tnowflske, magnum bonum, and even the many varieties of the ashleaf kidney kind were conspiouous by their absence. Are there not sufficient zealots in onr midst to introduce new varieties of tuberous vege tables ? I was struck with the absence of the globe artichoke here when I first came, because I have found it in abundance in many other places of far less importance than Brisbane. If the gourami fish is to essential to the happi ness of the inhabitants of Queensland, surely the introduction of new varieties of vegetables demsnd our attention, and in this one thing there is a wide scope for work. Apparently we depend principally upon our Chinese fri'nds for supply^ and they naturally use those varieties that they are in possession of, having no interest whatever in improving varieties; and I am afraid to say it because it is true, that enterprise in importing new kinds of vegetables would not repay the introducer, so this is clearly a. quettion of public enterprise. If the Land Bill is to pass, could this not be a matter that should have the consideration of the Lands Office? Here is a suggestion, respect fully submitted, that might " square " certain supposed shortcomings in our present Minister for Lands. Altogether, as a whole, the horticultural department may be looked upon as a success, but there is room for immense improvement, and Queensland possesees every natural advan tage to develop the improvements of our mother-country. Tub Fobest Kiso.—It was suggested tl the recruits on hoard the labour vessel For King, now in charge of Mr. Kerne, tho Marsl of the Vice-Admiralty Court, should be sent St. Helens nntil the validity of her seizure : a breach of the Kidnapping Act has been i cided. This idea, however, has been abandon and the islanders will now remain on board i vessel, in charge of a Government agent —B Hornbrook. We are informed that the own of the For'st King have given noties throu their solicitors to the Admiralty Court of th intention to enter a counter-claim for ille seizure of tho vessel, the damages being laid £5,000. 6 A New Tbxpebixcz JonBtut.—We 1 to acknowledge the receipt of the first nun of a new twopenny monthly, printed and f lisbed at the Queensland Leader Office, All street, entitled The Temperance Record. new paper is well printed, on good paper, has a very good display of advertisements f start. Considering tho great number of 1 Eibbonitcs, Good Tetnplara, Etcbabilcs, of Phmnix, Bands of Hopo, and tho like in around Brisbane, the Record ought to se an enormous circulation at once, 