MISSIONARY .WORK -IN NEW GJJ'INEA. ... - ; A meeting was held at the Congregational Church, Collins-street, last evening, under the auspicta Qf the' Geographical Society 'and- the London Miasionary Societs, for tho i/urpose of welcoming tho Rev. TV. C. Latves, v>ho has for njauy yeara been engaged ;u misaiona/ry work in Now Guinea. Tho church was well filled, and among those present were tho Governor and Lady Loch, tbo former of whom ?ne<jJed whilst the latter occupied -i ?eat atthuiool o? wro platform. Tho Rot. W. b Lawos was seated oti tbo right of his Excellency; whlht amongst the other pentlomcn on fhe platform were .Sir Edwd. Strickland. uTesidcnt,. uud several members of the Gdogy&pbtcnl; Conference, along with tbe Rev. It, Jones Uainer and J. King. A short devotional service having been con ducted by tbe Rev, D. Jones Hatner, Excellency said that this large meeting was assembled tor a t'oo-feld object— the one to welcome Mr. Lawes tu Vicloria, the - other .w ko.irlrom.Mr. Mann an account of tbe pmceed- ings ot which he was. a. witness in the recent establishment of. the British .protectorate on the southern -aVaree of New Guinea. He would leave Mr. Maun to.tell .hib.o.wa story ; anil as for Mr. Laos, it required no words from him to easuro a most outhuLaetic weloomo at their bands. It was a great source of pleasure to liim to preside there, to convoy not oulyhir. own. admiration but also tbo .admiration ot tbe meeting in respect to Mr. and Mrs. Lnwes for their work in Christianising and civiliriug the natives of New Guinea. (Applause.) This 'work had been carried out in the face of mau'y dangers and perils of ' life. They often read and heard of heroic actions on the fields of bsttie, but how did they compare with tbo courage of the inisstouarics and their wiros? (Applause.) In the beat and ex citcu;-ut of bnitle, when hundreds were ehariug tbe sauio danger, one was not surprised to hear of tho hrisht. deeds of heroism and bravery, but tbe missionary acted without wanting ' witnesses to testify to hie usivoti m to those principles for which he was prepared to lay down his life. (Ap plause.) ITf. trusted that the bright work would he extended, us it was a work with which the name of Mr. Lawes would he connected for many years; and bo trosted that they would show their appreciation of tho groat works of bumauity and civilisation amongst the natives of those distant countries (Prolonged applause.) The -Rev. Jvicpb King moved the following resolution That tide motjlipr, in grateful recognition of the setf-denying, tealous otic) successful labors or the missionaries oi the London Missionary Society in Now Guiuoa, m planting Christian, institutions on that Island, and their important contributions to geo graphical knowledge, accords to the Rev. W. G. Lawo;. who bas under tho Divluo blessing reu-Jered such dlsthigulfibed sefvl re, wt only on New Guloos, but in other parti o! PoIyucsU, a hearty wulcotae to Victoria. Sir Edward Strickland seconded the resolution, aud in doing so ivsM a high tribute to thevalueof the work that bad been Jcno by the missioLor-'es amongst tbe nativos of the South Sea falandfc. There was not one of the missionaries laboring in those islands who did not deserve tbe Victoria Cross. (Applause.) They wero engaged in a great perpetual work, and if he had sous to bring up in tbo world, on« of tho lirtt duties to which ho would devote himself would bo to teach tbem to respe.H the men who thus employed tbeir livos. (Applause.) It wan his eafucct prayer that when the British people went to occupy New Guinea, the speculators aud the land jobbers, and tbo39 who bad done so much harm in other new coun tries— (loud applause) — would be thoroughly eliminated, end not allowed lo go within a very long distance of the natives. Mr. J. P. Mann also spoke in support of tbe resolution. Ho referred to tbe excellent work done by Mr. Laues and his brother missionaries, and read some nf tbe notes 4that ho had. made re garding New Guinea and its people during his recent viritto the island as the representative of .the Geographical Society at tbe ceremony of establishing a British protectorate over tho southern portion of the territory. His E i jollency then introduced to tbe meeting the Ret. V/. (J. Lawcs, who was accorded an en thusiastic reception. The Kov. Mr. Lawes said be had not words with which snfhcieuily to thank tbe meeting lor tho overwhelming kindness with which tbey had received him. He took it as extremely kind of bis Excellency and Lady Lacb to grace the meei- ing with their presence at all, but he thanked his Excellency stiil more for the kindly word ex pressive of interest in and sympathy with him self and his colleagues and tbo work in which they bad been engage! in Now Guiuea, In reply to tho resolution of welcome pro posed and seconded in buch .kind terms, and yet ho fancied in language some- what exaggerated, be couid say that ho thanked them sincerely. He accepted those words, not as nitre empty compliments, but as an expression of honest, sincere apprecia tion of tho efforts of bimsoif aud hia. colleagues to raieo. tbe condition ot the natives in New Guinea. (Applause.) He thought that large meeting was a tangible expression of their in-, terestm that country and in the Christian 'work that was being done there, and at this juncturo it augured well for tbe future of the islaud that so much interest was manifested in its' affair. The union they saw that evening between tho geographical society and the missionary society w as cot a new one, and he trusted that tbo two bodies would continue to go hand in hand in mutual helpfuinoss and sym pathy. Ho confessed that he felt embarras sed in attempting to speak to that audi ence on New Guinea. It was a le:-R formidable took to face a New Guinea audience, even with its feathers and paint, and an occasional spear ana club. Tho subject was so large and imlofi- Dito— so inu'.h had been written and oaid about iiiO island, that ono ielt perplexed as to what should be said and what left unsaid, Ho'wus there that evening, not as .& geographical ex plorer, a botanist or a scientist of any kind, nob an a merchant or trader, but as a Christian missionary. Tbeir mission consisted . of two iiMochei', which ' were distinct and eepara'e. The western branch, !yint: to tho west of the rly River, was under the c.\\-o of Messrs. Macfax- lane and tkott, who lived for health's suke en, in island in Torres Straits. included in the Queens land territory. Tbe eastern branch had its headquarters at Port Moresby, and ' of that brar><'b Mr. Chalmers and himsolf had the superintendence. It was ot the litter therefore that be intruded to speak. In tho work m.vht be said to bavo been commenced in New Guinea. In JS72 a stuion was opeued at Red Star Bay, but 'i L vl to be abandoned on account of the unbealtbinefcs of the situation, and a Vic torian-citizen; Mr, James Orkney, who visited the island, saved the lives of 'aoa cd tbo people by removing them. (Applause.) Tn' 1S7-J Mr. Lhwee and himself Arrived at Port Moieshy. The small we»thrbbart Louse which they rook with them was built by the sailors of tho John Williams in fivo days. The " house that Jack built" still stood about GOu yards from the village, although the natives at the time protested against their erecting it so far away, be cause, they 6uid, the men from tbe mountain lril.es, or tbe ghosts, which I hey feared far more, would como down in the night and destroy it. They found that thieving was practised to Bach a largo extent amongst the natives that it was necessary to koep everything iuside. Their diiii- La!"' then was to koep tho natives out. If tbey once got in thero was no getting rid of -them, especially if the pot; wa oh the fire, and they vipv-uf1 a forthcoming nioal. Previous to that Mrs. i.aws hud beard of New Guinea being' aland "flowing with milk and bon<y." Well, tbey did uot ece tbe milk- nor taste the honey. 'Tbey wondered, in fact, what tbo peopio had ' to Hyo on— a poor miserable crowd tbey were, and the country seemed as poor as themselves. The uoble aavagao£ tho poet aud the novolist was conspicuous by his absence. He was iqolinc.l li he sceptical on the subject of tho noble savage, who he thought- was chiefly tbo result of fertile imagination. When ho and his wife landed tbey were great curiosi ties, and tbe pictures which they took with them were never . failing eonrces of wonder. It was curreutly believed that her Majesty came out of the picture in which . she was framed . and consulted with them at night. They were aecused ' of ' raising epidemics and plagued. However, he found that Fort Moresby would be an important place iu the future, and no doubt it would develop into an important centre for the British protectorate, as it was an excellent harbor. On tbe south of tho island ho, found that tbe race of meu were very similar to the Maories of New Zealand, though tbey wero iudnityly inferior in physique. In re lation to iuferiou.Hork.too much credit could not b&'psid to the South trc.i islud<rvma£y of-wbom wero tho real pioneer's of civilisation aud Christianity. (Applause.). One-, of them had beeu at-Port Morcsbyfcr eleven years, und about seven years ago, whea there was an influx of wbWucn, hesavod many livei by tho careful naTBitig of himsolf and wtfo. These men had proved invaloable to the whito men, and ttiey claimed the belp and sympathy of alt' whito men, seeing- that tbey' were mere chdJren in kuowledge and expe rience. (Aptdause.) Tho central mission st&cion; consisted of himfeolf, Mrs. Ltiwes, Mr. Cbalmere aud several South ea isi'tndcrs and New Guinea natives, who had been ontaiaed for tho woik. One of the lai»t named bad translated the pro clamation of Commodore Krebiuo into the nativo tonguo, and r-id it io the natives, tbonga a few year, boforo be was \\\ cannibal. (Applause.) There was1' a great mUconoep- tiou citing as u thi character of inumionary wprk and tire kind of infioenco brought to bear upon the people. Tho missionaries it was true, did not wear black coats, nor did tbey try to teach tho natives any system of theology ; but boliering as thev did in that Divino gospel 'wh>li bronghtglad tidings to all men, they on- d ensured to briu It lo tho twtivca without touching acciHriauixm. _ They did wish to teach tbam any M isms." (Applauce.) They saw tho teachings in tie lives ef tho mn who taught tbeio rather than in their teach ings. (R>. lowed applause,) The missionaries bad also taught the natives ,aritbiuer.-3 and geography in tbeir own language, as it was im- possible to educate tbem in the English tongue. One feature in their education wi tho use of tools, and tome of the natives coa!d do' ordinary car- peatering jot-s vrail. The cissioMiVtsiih|id tried to. introduce the trneGospe! or Chriatfahity, and their kaqrafiilly urcii Xtoa toibo tbe.'thoiiglit was. tho first rnhz in. th« ladder of U7ilisatiou; (Apnlanso.). At tbe "proa '.-nt.timo tbey had "upwards of 150 comtnuniSuLsf \tho.o lives were consistent with the'r vrefessions in tho faith of Christianity. The natives had also learnt to respect tbe Sabbath. (Applause.) During tbo last tou yens the natives had com. pletely changed, as now.thcse on the south coast lived at peace with all men. He hoped to have tho Gospel translated into the native language, and something bad been done in this direction by tbo New South Wales Government, who had promised to print a grammar and dictionary in the native tongue. This '.mid be a valuable help to foreign settlors, and a great boon to the natives.. He v isheJ to refer to the valuable exp:r! 'I'V:- 'n.t to New Guinea by the leading newspapers of this city tor the ory'oration of the country. News paper correspoiiuunts were, however, lavish in their criticism, though good in advice, and one of the la said that tho mission had had nothing lo do with the improvement of thu people, _ but he (Mr. Dawes) found that the natives around Fort Moresby were now growing pumpkins, pine apples, sweet potatoes r.ed oranges, and wero also producing leather, the whole of which good results he attri buted to the elforts of the missionaries.. (Ap. plauso.) New Guinea had now entered on a new era, as it had beon annexed under .the most hope ful circumstances. . Tho British liag had beeu hoisted, und tho people on 'the 'southern shothu were all attached to'-tbat flag. (Londappta'trs. ) Commodore isrskine had not only discharged ilia duty, bat he had earned the good will of tbe people of New Guinea, and his memory would be cherished throughout those shore:-. He (Mr. Lawea) was glad to he able to testify' that, although so many men from tbe squadron were now on shore, he had not heard a single com plaint maie against tbe conduct of a marine or a bjuo jackoL . (Applause.') . He supposed the Nolson Was not gonerallv classed as a missionary ship— iiaughver)— yet her men in New Guinea bud taught a lesson of justice and righteousness. 'Xbe natives gained some idea of whut England's power was, and when the fleet lpft.it bad given a practical lesson in moral teaching which tbo i people could well understand and appreciate., i'hey knew that the Commodore could have dorr r anything ho chose with the power he had at hi s back, and yet he went away without taking evr/n so much as a single banana without paying f sir it. And now the fine series of noble barbers along tho southern ehores of the island v secured to the British Empire. He w ouid have been glad if the Union Jack had float- id on both sides of the i-lanti— (loud and prolonged applause) — but il was evident thflh the In j'perial Government meant to discharge al'i.the du dies in volved in tho responsibility, "which tl.joy had assumed, and ho could easily iipagi'ne . that tbey would shrink from assuming/ " a pro tectorate over such a vast number.' of wild barbarous tribes, and such a largo /extent of unknown country ; and, after all, tl in Gerraau flag was a guarantee of law .iuth j'jstil.'o 'and order. (Applause.) It was only /gujoug hir-- barous tribes that, ihoy found tb/s suspicion which looked upon every foreign po.rur as a hos tile one; but so far ns the ('.roteitorate extended he could assure thorn; that tho natives understood it. He did ! uot mean that they underst od it in al) U's hoarincs, but thoy understood its genera! c bar.'f.ctrr, cu-Tbo trusted that any future del elopuientt of the pre sent protectorate would be upon she line'.' ot it; inauguration. The guardianship of native rights was not antagonistic to Brilbili interoots. The resources of tho country i. would ho best dovcioped through tlio n;(t;ivec, aud not by riding rough shod river thoiu. (Applause.) That protection was 'seeded the lata deplorable cases in connection with the labor vessel Hopeful, and Borne otlier instances that could be mentioned, proved onl.V too clear I/. If idle plea for mercy that was Kt jug taado ou behalf of the unfortunate men cotlaecte l with the vessel named woro favorably considered —and ho trusted it would be— bo. hoped there would bu no lesseni fg of the sense of their crime in the public mind, for by tho cruelty und tho inji aitico ot these in en they had imperilled the liifcs of all who mi"htgo after them. He (Mr. La res) had reason Ic believe' that no man bad left b»j home in New Guinea', except under the belief U.at bo would bo returned in three months. Unfortunately many hudgono to Queensland und had f g.und tbeir graves there, but justice demanded t eat the survivors should bo returned. If they - » uro detained for three years, for which time it vs.is said the agree ments had beeu made, then there would be a stain on the otherwise unsullied flag of the pro tectorate, and the faith of the natives in 'the boneaty and truth of tbe wlfl.to man would bo verygreatlyehaken. ( Lou d appljmse. ) The tou tb cm shores of New Guinea were new under a British ; protectorate, and that result was largely, indeed lie might say entirely, owing to Anetralinn in fluence. (Loud applause.) -And now they hud got it, might he ask what they were going to do with it ? Their own aborigines, too long ne glected and forgotten, seenied almost to bo iu a hopeless . condition : aud. were these natives of New Guinea to be similarly or worse treated ? Ho asked tbem rather lo accept them as fellow subjects and as . fellow men. (Loud applause.) Do not talk about theor us "niggers" and "blackfoilowe," but shako bands with them across tho Btraits. The black would not como off; the contact wonld not "hurt there. (Ap.- piause.) But it might ho said of the cring ing native who .begged for tobacco that he had got no sense of honesty or trnplifiilhcss. That was a mistako. for it had been proved that ha had, and he (Mr. Lawos) was proud to class many New Guiueaus among t his most faithful friends. (Applauiv.) They were capablu of undor- standingwhut truth and honesty uud falthfuinecs meant. He did nptdesiro that tho coddling policy of blauket6 and biscuits should bo adopted, towards them. He only asked that tbey should be ac cepted aud traded as men — weak audi ignorant men no doubt, bu still mumbors of thci human ' family ; and if that wore done the nut'iTec of New Guinea would develop yet into a line and vigorous manhood. But to tcure this end tbey must bavo patience. Tbey could not make these children of New Guinea understand at once nineteenth century biwa and idea;. But do not let the natives be trampled under foot. A great ration could a Jord not only to be jnst bnt tn In liberal auu generous to a people like that of New Gniuea. Tbo Christian men and women o i these gio.it colonies now nad a golden opportunity. Nov/ Guinea sat at their feet and asked for that which lmd mado tha-e colonies rich aud great and honorable and happy. £he atkod fori read, and would they give her a stone 7 In the island they might expect that commerce would shortly be repreiout id, ecienco would be represented, and geographical reseaxch;and wonld they not seo to it that civilisation wan f.,irly represented there also, and _ that tho country which God had placed in tbeir bands for good or for evil shonld bo impregnated with a true and a healthy ChrNtianity '! (Loud applanse. ) A vote of tbanliB was accorded to liiu Dsco'lcncy the Go', eraor by acclamation, on the motion of the Kev. D. Joues-Hamer, seconded by Baron Yon Mueller. His Excellency having replied, the meeting terminated. 