; THE BEST MAN. (FROM THE WORLD.) Let me introduce you to two men. First, to old Lord Arthur Lanton,' a well-to-do, fashionable clubable, Men aoignd bachelor. Somewhat old-fashioned, he . called yellow 'yaller,' and always dropped his final f/'s when talking of readin' or dinin' out. He wore a blue spotted cravat, a buff waistcoat;, a geranium' in his button-hole, and a gold mounted eye-glass, which he held to, but never stuck in, his left eye. At the time of which I write he was -fifty-three and a half,' gouty, crackly as to voice, and rather affected in manner. ' He had viand considerably, about the time of the Crimean war, arid now he played piquet, and belonged to all the clubs that are called after the names of the defunct coffee-house keepers. He lived in Flat A. Regency Mansions, Victoria-street; and his rooms, decorated with old prints, were filled with baths and pipes, and tubes for carrying up roast chickens inside the walls, and things' for talking to people ever so far away, and other evidences of confirmed luxury ; and he was on good terms with his brother, the Duke of Dorset. Secondly, to young Lord Arthur Lanton — generally called 'Art,' for short, by his own set. He wore high collars, a black satin scarf with a pearl pin in it, a white waistcoat, a gardenia in his button-hole, and an unmounted eyeglass, which he never held to, but always, even when asleep, it is said, stuck in his light eye. He was twenty-six, muscular, good-looking, and winning in all his ways— except at whist. He played polo, and shot pigeons, and belonged to the New Club and various ' Juniors.' He lived in Flat B, Regency Mansions ; and he, too, had baths, and tubes, and many modern photographs, and a cavern full of soda-water and other things, and he was by no means on good terms with his father, the Duke of Dorset. From all which things can be irathered his differentiation, as scientists say, from his uncle, who lived in the flat below him. ArtLinton had been scrapish, not to say scampish; and rumour had it that he had offended the ducal head of the family by giving a party of a mixed and somewhat dramatic character at Dorset-house, into the middleof which theduke had most unjustifi ably popped. However, his chief ground of offence was that he had recently been affectionately afficlied, and, indeed, openly devoted, to Miss Harry Horton. Her name was Harriet ; but everybody had called her Harry ever since she was a schoolgirl. To describe with anything like fidelity dear Harry Horton would take up several consecutive numbers of this journal, - which might possibly irritate the solvers of the aecrostics and the people who read the city article. Suffice it that she was graceful and svelte; that she had tossed brown hair, violet eyes — big, deep-lashed, rather mournful, soul-destroying, real violet eyes ; that from a mouth that was rather mutine she was wont to faugh, as it were, with a tiny peal of silver bells ; that she had hosts of adorers ; that she rode with perfecb hands and danced with perfect feet ; that she was a brave girlish girl ; and that she was the most downright, audacious, and deliberate ilirt in London. This tendency of Harry's arose from buoyant animal spirits, a quick sense, of humour, and a perfectly innocent desire to please people. This, however, is a subtle matter of psycholo gical analysis andmetaphysical chemistry, and belongs in no way to this veracious chronicle. 'Art' and 'Harry' certainly made a pretty pair wherever they went. Ascot; Hurlingham, and the Row knew them wejl ; and there was a firm and close alliance between them, spite of the many 'keen encounters of their wits,' which, I regret to say, frequently led to rude things being said, to pique and petulance on one side, and to growlings and going away after grouse on the; other.- For all that, they never sent back photographs, or did anything so absurd as to ask for old letters to be destroyed, or to ' bury the past,' as sentimental folk and poet people do in like cases. ' They simply sulked, longed for reconciliation, and made no move till a picnic or water party brought them together, and then -it was either, ' Harry, I was a beast,' or ' 'Art, I am Borry.' Sometimes only a glance from the violet eyes, or an abrupt ring-crushing grip -from a big brown hand ; but, at all events, Harry's 'make-up' (I don't imply, mark you, that the lady had studied the mysteries of macquilfar/t;) nnd Art's uncon ditional surrender were always full and complete. ' '? . They were not engaged, nor had they ever spoken of such a .thing; but they were 'chums,' or, at least, so they said to each other., Their sympathies lay chiefly in mutual dislikings of certain people and ways of life. High art in all its forms, creative, critical, and emotional, they were wont to make almost malicious . fun over, bhakspeare, Burne Jones, Wagner, the Society.for Psychical Research, melancholy bards, eamest.actors. with purposes, and generally the group that Art (Low Art she called! him) was wont to irreverently allude to ns the 'Serious Johnnies,' were their pet aversions ; but there were certain players, and play-houses, und newspapers, and race- meetings, whose names I forget, that they sedulously patronised. They also liked each other, in which last particular I must admit that they were not to blame, particularly at the moments.of tender truce-making referred to. They were both poor; tor Art, a younger son, had biitasmall allowance from the iratu duke ; and Hurry was the youngest of the live unmarried daughters of air admiral (' a retired real-vice-commodore of the pea green, or something of the jlcind,' Art once called him), who was an; irascible old sailor of ancient family, who sat as a director all, day on the boards of 'dicky' companies in the city, and sat at : his club all night, telling stories of all the sea- fights fromSalamis to Alexandria. ' . Every wise man has, at some time or another in his life, been struckAvith the folly he has committed by the simple act of a social introduction. Thin edges of wedges, fractured friendships, nay, murderings of loves, have sprung from the fatal little formula, Don't you know each other? Really, you ought! Allow me to present— — ' and then the eternal mischief is done. There is a little devil called the ' Introduction Demon,' and ^vhen the wrong people are introduced to each other, he always chuckles over his victim— the introducer. He (fcho littlo demon) nod-, a 'real good crow when Art Lanton, climbing up Jim Iniiper's drag at the last meet of the coaching club, in company with nia uncle, to Ins undisguisrd delight discovered Harry Horton in the freshest and f/'oiifrou-eat ot rustling white frocks, and then, in obedience to a gentle avuncular murmur behind him, duly presented the elder lord to his— well, his chum. The old gentleman was in amazing form. He doffed his broad brimmed white hat with Chesterfieklian courtesy, promptly installed himself beside the rustling white frock, and laid himself out to regale Miss Harry with somewhat obvious compli ment, and somewhat reckless anecdote of his own early coaching days and nights ('sugar and spice' sort of conversational pudding), all the way to Richmond. His nephew vainly at tempted an occasional cut in from his seat behind. No use ; and toe moment he permitted himself to wear, but for an instant, a certain frown that Harry well know, his fate was sealed. Why men w;)l pujb their stupid heads into the mouths of lionesses, to v?i *^e** Promptly snapped oil', is one of time's insoluble problems. Occfts-onal|y she threw a Hhort monosyllable over her left shoulder, where nestled .the orchid spray poor Art had sent j isex that morning, but slu* devojted herself to Lord Arthur at tie. \ lhe temptation was irresistible. jjiicl,e and nephew were a new ' team to drive, and nh«s hustjud them atony merrily. Art tried in vain to console himself with unother white frock beside him. To his horror she turned out to be of a poetical turn of mind, $pitp ot her pretty face, and somewhat brusquuly refusing to offer nn opinion on the last volume of morbid verse called /fi/miin of tlfe nevuuck, he sulked and had a bad time of it. Ilia outraged namesake Ifigh Art, and all her followers, were for the moment amply avenged for the many insults offered to her and them, and tt8 lot the little Introduction Demon (who was perched invisibly in a i i m*basl{ct bel)»»(I), ho almost laughed his little black tail off. .. Although frequently piped unto (in the shape of invitations), ine old lord did not dance, and bo he wan not at the Caledonian «au at Willia's-rooms that night, with a red collar tacked on to r 'is Ureas- coat, pretending to be a postman. But Lord Art was there in the full bravery and panoply of the Queen's Own Orkney Islanders, of which gallant corps he was a sort of honorary sub lieutenant. Harry was there, as a matter of course, and before he well knew where he was they were dancing their annual reel (a weird barbaric thing, in which the performers touch the floor gingerly with their toes, as if it were red hot, and look regretfully over their shoulders at their left legs, when they are not engaged in tying them into true lovers' knots, and snap their fingers and -ory--,Hoo ! at excited intervals). But the rhythm of the reel didnt crush Art's sternness; and when he led Harry out for a lemonade under the famous Sir Joshua in the anteroom, he had lost his wonted smile,' looked inclined for war,.and sat by herside like a sulky bcandinayiah'gotl. The Queen's Own O. I. s wear, as you« Sr1}0^ 'a .'costume more archoeologically accurattfthan artistic. : iWhyhas thegood uncle of the angry'nephew riot come to the gay danced Harry inquired Olleridorffiahly.' Weren't/ those roans Simply stunning, and hadn't we a good time?' . 'r .1' '? .£-???*?* rN°t I hadnt a good time, you know that; and, forgive me, youlare getting shockingly slangy!' -. /Harry-opened the violet windows of her soul— wide open— and -'said;- nothing. , .':?? ' ,,,.,, . , 'You devote yourself to my uncle— can't helpthat,^ l;A'rt'Went'- on, and then the peal of tiny silver bells tinkled softly ;,' but: then you are never serious fora moment. Life is all areelito you ; why don't you go to Girton and be a Wrangleress or some thing, .or have a mission, or go 'slumming'— anything to stop this irittering and frivolling away your young life?' - 'i . ? ' Art was getting ridicujdus, and he knew it ; still hefloundered on. This London world is so emiity and shallow. See here, Harry, perhaps I ve no right to speak, but let me give you just a little piece of my mind. .'-??;?P~?\ T;0 'u v ' I wouldn't give me a very big pieced if ? I were you, Art ; you know you haven't very much to spare,' said she of the violet eyes ; and then he got cross, which wasVioolish, of course; K.:p, ''.4 What pleasure can it give you to' fret me so?' the growled. ?Likcall the rest of them, I suppose:' ,-:.?''' -.?.;?;. If there's one observation that a.womari 'dislikes more than' another, it is that just recorded; To be classified, to be made one of a group whose ways arid habits are understood as if they were bacteria, or blackbirds, to be summed up as' 'so like, a woman,' are statements and criticisms, as a rule, uttered by man ,' in anger and listened toby woman with contemptuous indigna tion-; :arid so there was a row royal, ? and it pivoted 'on slanginess - in general. ? - ': : . : .' - ?, ,., ??-,,. -.- .:?%.??.?'?.&.,., -T;, V: ;';..,,, ,., ? ?; ' ; You inen,' said Harry, ' who insist on applying your racing^' ;arid cricketing, and boating metaphors to all the events of this life, and who teach us to. dp the same, hayen;t an ounce of the pluck' of the ' Serious Johnnies,' who have the courage to use words out of the ordinary smokingroom vocabulary because they know.what they*mean, which the idle'arid iimdrant'don't. ? :Do you know, you and I have spent years talking abject ribrise'rise;.; to each'other ;' and there was just a faint liuslij.'as' she spoke.' In the;.p£tise Art had qualms of conscience, and his eyes wan dered round the room. - ?' '';? ' VVhat dp you think of that?' he said suddenly, indicating the Sir Joshua before him. He knew, she was a fair judge ot pictures', and waited for an earnest verdict,, to turn the talk into a less stony and perturbed channel. i!^^*' / /*''-' :/ ' With the rapt gaze of a seraph Harry lobk'ed upwards, and murmured softly, ' Downright ripping !' i:^;: ..'?-. ??????: -: ?,- ..- It was '? too much for. him, arid after .her' own lecture, too ! ' ltippitiff / : you ought to be put on Baby Ruskins and water for . a fortnight. The-gopd old uncle would not admire the^ypung girl's^discourse ;'Mand then he hummed to himself an ill-advised ?'starizaepmriiencirig' ?' Crabbed age and youth,' and laughed,' till suddenly the. violet eyes ^'turned into steel-blue, like those of GlaUcopis Ath end,'; 'arid, asr the valse began Miss Horton rose, and flashed out; ' What right have you T ' and then her partner came ?? out arid carried her off,- and in ; answer, to subsequent inquiries of Art's she stated coldly that her card was full. For three days subsequently he never called on her — a dangerous experiment with a girl like Harry — three whole days of golden passionate youth lost, three beads fallen from the chaplet that makes up life's rosary. But uncle Arthur did call, and, what is more, asked the admiral to dine with him at Whoodle's, and had long talks with that port-absorbing sea-lion. ' Then did my Lord Art do a very foolish thing from Mr. Worldly Wiseman's cynical point of view. He wrote to Harry very late one night. He loved the girl, and he told her so. He upbraided himself. His earnestness knocked all the frivolity and irresponsibility out of him for the moment, and he became so earnest, and wrote so late, and used so much note-paper, that the other men in the club thought he must have taken to writing ?: for newspapers, and were naturally indignant, as his conducts seemed a; violation of rule forty-seven, which stated that; *: no ^ trade orcalling was to be carried on in the club.' V : :?? ; The next morning's post brought him aline: 'Too late; be brdve'for both our sakes. — II. H. ;' and he promptly gave orders to packup for a ride to the Equator in lawn-tennis shoes, with a , parcel of refrigerators to soothe thenative chiefs withal. Morn ing, however, brought him an urgent ivitation to breakfast with his uncle in Flat A, at ..which banquet he found himself the.solitary^ guest. -?.-:...- ?; ? .. v-'-i ;-';.',:. ?.???? ? ??'? v. :?? ?- ?'.;.';; / r,..:.^A'''l''St' ' My hoy,' said his well-preserved relation, as he began on a slice of melon, 'you did me a great seryice^and I- sha'n't. forget it. She is really charmirijr ;[ know you will approve of .my'choice : Art, your affectionate uncle is about to take unto 1m middle-aged,? but still fascinating, self a wife.'.- .;- il A what ?'.-'?. -' ,:-\A-:'i:y.':^::\r:i::,-.- ? '-:?'?? ?? . -/ 'A wife, irreverent nephew ; it may seem foolish to you,, probably is, more especially as I don't think she really loves me (true, she doesn't quite know me yet); but she said ' yes ' ina fit : of pique 'with': some unknown scapegrace who was playing.at sulks. But then, bless you, I 'understand women, and love, will come all right after marriage ; and' now you know what I want. . Special licorice next Saturday, St; Dunstanls-in-the-Lane-T^old. City church, you know ; no crowds' and reporters and fellows to gossip' over it— they can do that in a week if they like ; aridl(ypu;. know bur old motto, .Ninic atit 'nunquam?) you, my clear boy, are ; to be my Rest man 1' : '? : ' ? , v i' ,: ' Your what ?' . ' . ? ' Confound it, sir I can't you hear ? Best man ; second best, really,' he chuckled, as he made fair way with a reindeer tongue ; ' and you are to square the man who runs the church, and the organ-grinding chap, and all the rest of it.' ,?t Art had his laugh out, he couldn't help it. 'Forgive me, dear uncle, but really this new departure is so abrupt— however, I'll see you safe through it all ; I'll square everybody — bridesmaids particularly. Mille felicitations ! St. Dunstan's ! why, that's old Cantley's church ; he was up with me at Cambridge ; capital sort., old Rob ! And now let me see — yes, you are not quite a real peer ; still, you get the licence for the asking. Other people have to go and tell shocking crams to old men called Deans of the Faculty and a Surrogate, who live in dens in the city and ask stupid questions. Then there's new frock-coat, llower, lockets for the girla, cake — no, that's her department ; toasts, ring, telegrams. Yes,' he added cheerily, ' it's a close thing, but we can do it, and now I'm off ;' and he got up. ' O, by the way,' ho said, as he turned at the door, ' you haven't told me the fair one's name.' : 'Her name !' snid the elder peer, as he quaffed off his claret and rang for coffee ; ' why, 1 thoughtyou must haveguessed it : Harry Horton, of course.' The door banged as Art leaped rather than ran downstairs, and Lord Arthur ymil.ed complacently. TJjat ' capijtal sorjb,' jbhe Reverend Robert Cantley, M.A., was asfoundpd by Art's abrupt and fevprish invasjon of hjm, and still more so to repeiye l)is ': inarclijng orders '' fpr the ensuing Saturday, and to hear j)ia old ally's Rorneo-ljke rornarice. Like a true Frjar Laurence ho did his best tp adrnhjister ghostly and worldly counsel, even going tlje length of ignoring Art's muttered imprecations as he pointed out proverbially that the 'feminine fish ' yet remaining in the social sea wero fully equal in fjavour and j quality to the specimens that had already been, or were about to . be, extracted therefrom. Bat chaff fell flat, admonitions were received with running comments of a kind long expunged from his reverence's vocabulary, and finally he got up. 'Look here, Lanton, be a man; no woman's worth fretting over. Do your duty, don't' whine over it ; and now pull yourself together, and come and look at my church.' ' . / : j ;. The Vicar of St. Dunstan's-in-the- Lane pointed out ; the' mediaeval carvines and windows (the designs of which chiefly .consisted of interlaced; noses and' tongs, commemorative or the founder's famous teat), the crypts, monuments, cells, fonts, lecterns, brasses, and a rare thirteenth-century/hagioscopej which might have been a kaleidoscope for all that Art knew of its uses ;— arid 'the exploring party wound up at the vestry. ' :' .' This was a vaulted octagcinal . stone chamber. Mysterious doors led from it into dark passages ; through the dusty ivy that ' ceaselessly tapped and flapped. against the wire-guarded stained glass the sun just managed to struggle in coloured shafts of light, lull of dancing motes; the very surplice that jhung on its peg in the corner loolced like a ghost. ', It was a queer place altogether. ; ' And where does that go to, pray !' said Artf, pointing to a low, wooden door thickly studded with heavy nails, to reach which one had to descend three much worn stone steps. 'That's the penitentiary : you see it would nave been no use setting impositions to old friars who spent all their days writing Latin, and precious bad Latin too,' said the Vicar, 'and they did all their swishing themselves ; so when they were in disgrace, or shirked the Second Lesson, you know V (Art nodded, he did know), 'or went out of bounds, the abbot used to bottle them up in there for a bit till they were sadder, and wiser, and hungrier monks. Like a peep ?' and he opened the door. - ?,.[' \ In the gloom Art could just make out a table, on which stood a decanter of sherry and a box of Abernethy biscuits. 'Heavy work of a morning sometimes,'' said the [Vicar laughingly, 'when the font is full as a pool of trout, and the couples are 8or ting themselves in pairs to be married afterwards. , Takejcare ! if you bang that door you'll never get put, as it shuts with' a'snap, and takes two keys to open. ? Fancy being shut up with the spirits of all the erring friars who dolefully counted the hours and their beads therein centuries ago ' 1' ; K ' \\.A rtVj was glad enough to get back to the vicarage, and f el f .better after lunch and a big cigar. Suddenly He bethought himself '; of his duties. ;, ? :'- ' Good-bye,' said the Vicar ; ' keep up heart, and when it's j-all over, you and I will go a-fishing together, tip north. It's 'a 'theological pastime, you know,, from primitive time.' Then' 'Lord^Art lauglied as he got into his cab, and there was a mis 'chieVousV twinkle in his eye; as he drove off. Probably he was thinking of the old friars. .' ,;C :; r , It' was a very quiet wedding indeed, only atttended by the ' near friends of the parties,' as the papers say. The; bride arrived at ': halfTpast ten, with her bridesmaids, consisting of her sisters and' ''thejpoetical young lady who had been on the coach, and of whom Harry; was, curiously enough, very fond. She looked properly pale and interesting, as, leaning on her father's arm, she swept up the aisle of St. Dunstan's, an operation, by-the way, which the old woman in the black bonnet and shawl, who ushered them in, had previously performed that morning. The gallant admiral looked fierce, n s was his wont when happy, and glanced about him with a sort of 'six dozen all round' lookvin his face. The gentleman at the organ played beautiful soft music— an orange blossom motif of his own composition ; and the Reverend Robert awaited the party within the rails. But there was a gap, a curious hiatus, on the clercyman's left.' Could it be possible? The ''admiral fired broadsides of fierce looks about him, the bride looked bewilcTered, bhp'gSiitleman at the organ pulled out all the stops afbnco tVcov'elc/tljfe laitch ; but there was no doubt about it -4-the*|_bVfdegfoom. was lteqpijng the stage waiting. The little old . ladfoyiWi the black^bonyiet nived into the vestry like a rabbit, and -rmtamed, af^ej\^n-m£erya1^with Lord Arthur Lanton the younger, amt with hirj^atone. ?''??'/ ' . - - ( Htlie t-£sT- man held*. a/hurried conference with the startled guroup.^ .---v!'\/ , '.'?: X* i.ceftlttnf^' sawjiim a quarter of an hour ago ; then I left the vestPjUfcfr a iriflBagnc, to speak about the carriages, and when I re turned ne~wain't there. It's very strange !' There was much murmuring and consultation, during which the poetical bridesmaid looked at the best man and his gardenia, and whispered to the startled sisters, ' 'Xwere better by far ? ?' To have matched our fair cousin with Young Lochinvar.' But no bridegroom, ' dangling his bonnet and plume,' or his Lincoln and Bennett, was to be found high or low, the time was . vebbing. fast,- and then the Admiral' lifted up~hisrvoice, and gave 'utteranceto strange words not understood of the^many, and that ancient; mariner's eye glittered wickedly, and he roundly swore 'tbat'hisigirl s/mw&Z; be married. 'Send out andCscour London I Where's; the lubber shirking ? String me up at the steeple if she goes back from church !' \ 'She shan't go back from church,' said the best man quietly and gravely. ' It was my duty to bring the bridegroom here,' and as he's not here, it's my bounden duty to provide a substitute for him.' ':; You will observe there was a touch of the Gilbertian ethics about this self-sacriiicing young man. '-. - -.:. ' Right, sir, by Gad J but where is the substitute? My daughter was to marry Lord Arthur Lanton, and;——' _ ..' ;^i ~ 'And.if you will accept him, she shall marry him,' said the slave of duty, with a loving glance at the bride, to whom he said half a dozen words in a whisper. : '-'??? ':-}-/l- / ','i 'Spoken like a Briton, sir!' almost roared the Admiral. ' She s ypiira if she consents. ' ,, ' 'As it is your wish, dear father,'' meekly murmured the bride; and then the Vicar had a little say to say. Had the banns been put up? How could he perform the ceremony thus abruptly?, . ,. -^ ?;?'?;: . ' Here,. reverend sir,' said the best man, ' is a special licence, directing; you to marry Lord Arthur Lanton, of the Regency .Mansions, to this lady, and that is my name and ^address ;' and then he produced a document bearing a red seal, and before the ms'stic ' Ed. Cantuar. ' the Rev. Robert Cantley naturally felt it incumbentuponhim(asincuri»bentof St. Dunstan's-in-the-Lane), to do his duty, and he promptly, and without further protest, married the handsome pair before him. ; There was a pleasant little breakfast, at which the bride looked ? bright and the bridegroom brave, and the Admiral blended blessings and round dozens in his speech ; and 1 'have heard that they were all very happy, and that when the bride was dressing to go away, she whispered to the poetical bridesmaid, '? I shall be in no hurry to come home, dear ; I'm quite, quite happy. And remember, if anything docs happen, / know nothing about it. And now good-bye, dear ; and ot course I'll write to you every day, and send me some cake to Paris.' And below Art waited for her, with the few astonished guests; and in a moment they were driven off, with much joy in their young hearts and much rice down the back of their young necks. As to how it all came out, I am not quite certain. The Reverend Bob is wont to declare that he got u telegram from Dover that afternoon, bidding him ' Look after the friar!' Other folk say he knew all about it ; but this he stoutly denies. At all events, ho and the little old lady jointly and severally discovered that evening one Ahernethy biscuit, one decanter that had once con tained sherry, nnd one Mtilvolio-Kke old gentleman fast asleep in the refractory friars' penitentiary of St. Dunstan's. There was a nine clays' laugh, of course. Lord Malvolio bore it with Lyceum-like grimness, and now swears he was well out of it; but the story so tickled the duke that he forgave his prodigal s.on for tlje sake of his sweet daughter in law, who, by the way, ljas turned out an expellent wife. The litfle ql'd lady could tell the story if- sh^e liked, but she doesn't ; and her rnyaterious silence has been rewarded. Bob Cantlpy and the admiral both tell it well ; but the poetical bridesmaid tells it better than anybody else, and she told it to me. if REttE SALVAGE. 