PRACTICAL CHARACTER 0& THE BIBLE. If we remember that God has given unto us His Word, that we may find in it Him, and not food for curiosity, material for the exercise of our skill and erudition, relief from feelings of gloom, and security in the superficial accept- ance of doctrines and promises — then we shall use the Book for godly edifying in faith, and realise in our experience that it is profitable.' The practical character of the Bible will 'then increasingly manifest itself to us. Practical in the true and full sense of the word, not in the conventional sense, which opposes it to doc trinal, and has reference merely to outward acts and habits of life. Nothing shows more fully the peculiarity of our age than the meaning attached to the word " practical " in the sphere of spiritual life. In other spheres men fully appreciate the value of theory. The practical signifi cance of mathematics, astronomy, and chemis try is admitted by all ; we constantly wit ness it, that a single idea, the discovery of a single law, is the fruitful source of the mo6t important and manifold results. But while" the world is becoming more philo sophical in everything else, in spiritual things it is becoming more childish and superficial. The knowledge of God, of His counsel, of His love to tne Eternal Son ; of Christ, His divinity and humanity ; of the work of the Spirit, of the Atonement, of union with Christ, of the kingdom, of the return of the Saviour— in abort, theology — is considered 'a barren theory and speculation ; the pointing out of isolated duties and outward works anc habits, is deemed "practical." Life is expected from the dead, and a pure river from a polluted fountain. " Morality, like a castle in the air, is constructed without the founda tion of the fear of God. -While Christ tells us that to know God and Jesus Christ is life, the world insists that theology — the knowledge of God — is abstract, and has no immediate con nection with the reality of life. It is the old story, the philosophy of the old serpent, of being good without God ; of being like untb God without knowing, loving, and trusting Him. Formerly God was believed to be the source of all good, and men who were not w ing to obey Him, said, " We love sin now men say, " We love virtue, but we can have it without God." The great motives which God places before us. viz., the return of Jesus and the glory which He shall give to His servants ; the great power by which God moves the heart, viz., the light of His love, His revelation of Himself, the whole counsel of God, which apostles preached, and through which men became the salt of the earth and the living epistles of Christ ; all this is not " practical in the estimation of many ; they do not recognise the Divine power, full of vitality, which this teaching possesses. And thus it is that they ascribe in reality more power to the word of man to the exhortations of hnman wisdom and earnest ness, to the oratorical enforcements of isolated duties and of ethical maxims (not ! growing out of " the Root"), than to the very words of .God." They forget that/God, after all. and God alone, is life ; that He hath life in Himself, and His words have also life ; ; aod that His words bring with them not ! Uirively good things, but that which is the 1 first aud essential requisite of all good, viz., Life. For the Word is living ("quick," Heb. iv, 12) and when it is recognised as the voice of God, it is powerful. Christ's words are spirit and life. They are therefore compared to the < seed, which appears insignificant, but which, if received in good ground, soon shows its I vitality. Often the seed springs and grows up, ' we know not hoi? j first the olade, then the ear, after that the full corn in Hie ear. Tie' _ v Word of God, received as such, does not re- " ' /' main in us as a dead and inert. a-iner" addition to our knowledge, but is continually - " active and growing in our thoughts and vvbrd® ; in our character and walk, bringing forth r fruit, in some a hundredfold, some sixty -fold. in some thirty ; while "again, it is wnfcten," that we are.to lay aside everything that hih- dredth, and receive with meekness .the en- grafted Word.; we are to keep the Word, to hide it in our hearts, to give heed that the enemy take it riot from our ineiripiy and Our V affection. Again, this Word, living .and powerful, is as a «word ; it possesses a- dividing, sepa rating, "piercing, energy,' which penetrates into the very deaths of man, ; and discerns the thoiights and intents of the heart. With .a moat faithful accuracy and searching minute- ne 8 it analyses our motives. It distinguishes between nature and grace, spirit and flesh, the old life and the resurrection life. It divides, when we in our blindness and self- sufficiency imagine that all is pure and pleasing to God. Thus the Word is a mirror, true and clear, in which we may behold our likeness. And as a mirror is for .the purpose that we should look not at it, but into it, so the Word is not used by us according to God's purpose, unless we look into it, to see in it ourselves ; and all "objec tive" admiration of the Bible, as a wonderful mirror of the world and the Church, only in creases our guilt when we neglect the subjec tive use. We are the subjects, " Thou art the Man." "Know thyself" has, from remote antiquity, been the counsel of human wisdom. But the precept forgets one great difficulty. "The heart is deceitful above all things." Who but God can know that mysterious fountain, out of which are the issues of life? Gnd aloue knoweth and searcbeth the heart. We therefore need a mirror, such as man cannot provide. But while this mirror shows us fuithfuily our t-ru1 condition, we behold in it also the bice of t.i:e Lord from Heaven, Who is our righteousness, and Whose beauty thus shines on His believers, so that the Father delighteth in them. Seed, sword, mirror — these are three aspects of the practical character of Scripture. In reading it according to God's purpose, in reliance on the Spirit, a wonderful influence is exerted on us. Impressions of an eternal character are received. The influence of the Lord is on the very heart, out of which proceed thoughts and works. Grace is our teacher, and its discipline is through the Wordi And as God's dealings with us may all be comprised under the two grand lessons, our sin and nee I and His grace and fulness, so the Word con tinually kills and quickens ; takes away our own life and gives" us the Resurrection Life ; " discloses to us our nothingness, and unfolds to us Christ's riches. Thus the ultimate end of Scripture is always comfort. " Comfort ye, comfort ye my people," is the motto of tfie Bible. But God's comfort is in righteousness and truth. Sin is condemned in the flesh ; life is given through the righteousness of Christ. The consolation of the world and the natural mind is based on the imperfect view of sin i thinking it less evil than it is) and on a false view of the creature life (regarding it with hope) ; it ignores sin and evades the cross ; it does not humble man; it does not lead through death unto life. Not so God's consolation. It is the consolation of resurrection after the cross. And this is our temptation, to separate what God has joined. His promises and command ments ; His blessedness and His holiness ; the cross and the glory ; His earnestness and Hia compassion ; Ghrist representing us in Heaven, and we representing Him on earth ; this con-, stant combination, so harmonious, so vital, so immediately commending itself to the con science, Satan is always anxious to dissolve, and thus render our use of Scripture to the flesh comfort, and to the spirit terror ; whereas God's method is terror to the flesh and comfort to the spirit, that we may bear about the death of our Lord, and that in us may be manifested also the life of Christ. The Word makes us wise unto salvation The Word teaches us what it is to be "wise. For the world often mistakes cleverness and prudence for wisdom, and sometimes calls nn- worldliness folly. But Scripture teaches us that wisdom is from above, that Christ is our wisdom, and that the end of wisdom is salva tion. Yet this wisdom embraces true prudence in all earthly duties and relationships. And if we are guided by the Word, if we seek God's kingdom and His righteousness, if we have our eye fixed on His piomise, and our affec tions set on the things above, if we walk 'with Him in humility and faith, our minds will be clear and calm, our words sober, truthful, and kind, our actions straightforward and prudent ; in our intercourse with our fellow men we shall commend and adorn the doctrine of the Gospel. Ob, how beautifu and perfect are God's directions in Scripture If we obeyed God in all things, temporal as well as spiritual, inward and outward, how 'blessed and attractive wculd our lives be I What civilisation attempts, and attempts super ficially. God's Word realises, and realises radically. What tiue wisdom would he possess and manifest who followed Ihe Scripture rule In his heart he loves God and hopes for Heaven, loving and forgiving his brother, and thinking no evil ; his speech is yea, yea, and nay, "nay ; his words are in truth and kind ness ; in dress simple, as becometh one whose body is the ten. pie cf the Holy Ghost, and who knoweth what is the true ornament ; in his behaviour taking the lowest place until he is bidden to go up higher; in business nGt slothful, yet not making haste to be rich, and not anxious about to-morrow ; in sorrow not overwhelmed, in prosperity not elated ; a man who instead ot asking, " Who is my neigh bour ?" always asks, " To whom may I be a helpful neighbour ?" A lover of solitude, hut ready to exhort and comfort the brethren as be has opportunity, and to visit the fatherless and Widow in their affliction ; solemn and earnest yet anointing his face when his soul is fastinjf before the Lord ; a man faithful in that whicn is least, just and benevolent to all, fervent in love to the disciples of Jesus a man whose heart is in Heaven, who learns daily ot Jesus to be like Him who is the Wisdom from above. The Bible is the Book for life, and only he who desites to use it for life , can enter into its true meaning. The Bible is profitable, but only when we read as disciples whose object is to " learn Christ." The children of God thus read Scripture, not with the purpose of exhausting its fulness, but-of receiving from. it what they need for the present, though often they treasure up much which at the time is not underscod, but is unfolded in the ! future. In reading the Word in which Christ ; is the substance, the believer feels that the providence of the Father and the ap plication of the Spirit make the' Scrip- ture to have a direct guiding, exhorting, and comforting moaning to hj)|k hp thus not merely seev green pastures, £Um- ! sell maketh him to lie down iinf receiveth from the heavenly I salutary and refreshing to from Dr. Saphibs new wtitlk, €w$st < the Scripture " " v - 