THEATRICAL GOSSIP. The beginnings of ^^grefci wringers are aotii- 1 variably encirclad by abilo of romanoe,; Apropos ol Madame Gerater, an. American correspondent -writes :— H We found her to \e a piump, iair-iacea young woman, or anonx j wenty-eight. Her eyes axe large and; ex- ] iresmve, and her form as round ae the Torso j . if Milo. She speaks Italian, Hungarian, ! j ierman, and English. She was born 'in; ] Jaschan, Hungary. Her father was a. car-: .; -enter in Kaschan. She used to go to school! ?] md work at home. She was always happy; \ md always singing. She told us, 'I sing ] ,bont my daily work as a bird sings, because; ; ny heart was full of joy and music. ' Some-: imea poorer people Btood in front of the 1 vindo w. I thought that it was a great com- - 1 )Iirnentand I would sing just as well as I , :onld. Well, one day when father was out -« yo work, and mother was away at market, I .: \ elt very happy. I was just twelve years oM ??. ,ben, was ironing, and singing with all my; 1 night I When I stopped a man at the .; window clapped his hands, and said, 'Ah, .] ittle girl, you -eing like, a bird.13 'And who i ire youf Tasked. ' Well, I'm Helmesberger; . ['m the Musical Director - from : .Vienna, ['m goine to give some concerto here n the village, and when 1 set through in ; KaschanTm going back to Vienna; and if ?ou want to go with me Til take .you,' :ie ' added. ' Then/ said Madame Gerster, aligning, 'I remember how. they fixed me ip, - Father waa to pay for my 'tuition, and nother was to keep me in clothes I remem ' ser how I cried, and laughed,' andi sang: all ;he way to Vienna;' There Professor Helmes berget taught me to spell, *nd I became a pnpil of Madame Marchesi,1 '-- .-n:o \ Mr. GUbetfa' Pygmalion and Galatea,^ is 3cpringa- fresh success at the Lyceum through the offices of Miss Mary Anderson,.' the ? beautiful American actress, wh.o holds poeees-i sionof Irvine's temporarily deserted piemues.' Mr. Gilbert's play is a witty -'but .afSridex-j posure of the immense divefgenge from primitive ideas and habits which necessarily belong to our nineteenth century life,' bat it Eras come to be recorded mainly aa a one-part piece, dem.inding little more than a ' leading fady,' whom nature has' 'endowed witfi graceand high perfection of form, of which training has enabled her to- make very good use. Miss Anderson can do far more than pose exquisitely beneath red curtains aad white iight, nut she also 'fulfils, per fectly the conditions demanded - by tha literally statuesque -jiart of ' Galatea ; for while she remained. ? at ? home,' ? a majority of her compatriots pronounced her ' the most beautiful woman in America,'and uow that she has turned the light of her countenance upon us,, those' who give the tone to public opinion have styled her ' the most beautiful woman. in- Europe.' She however, does not presume. up_on these natural gifts of face and form, but is on the contrary, a most painstaking, patient artist She will readhao Press comments upon her ictinz until the -play under review is withdrawn, and says, 'If I did. I could cot escape- self-consciousness. If I. had read at the time the praise of my drapery arrangement in 'Ingomar5 I should have been thinking about my robe every time L moved.'- She' was asked ? to same: her favourite poet. ? She replied 'Homer;' and there Is reason to believe that this is not mere affectation, but the genuine expression of her strictly classical taste. ' ? The Alhambra, homa of : gorgeous spec tacle, comic- opera, and lavish legs, has arisen from ite ashes gaily decorated in the Moorish Arabesque style; fireproof as any 'theatre can possibly, lie,- but .'extra dranghty in consequence. ^The opening per formance consisted of an address Bpoken by Fred Mervin, and a fairy ; spectacular opera written by G. R. Sims, and composed by Frederic Clay, one; of the cleverestEnglrah musicians. ~ ft took four -and a half hours to get through the bilL ; Much of the music is voted even too good for an Alhambra audience, an unaccompanied fisher-folks song—' We fiardy sods and daughters of every sea-girt land'— being exquisitely con ceived and harmonized. ' . It is sad to snow that the terrible strain and anxiety conse- - guent on overseeing the preparation of so important a production expedited a paralytic stroke, from the effects of which Frederic Clay was lying in a critical condition when the mail left Not only had : he to under Lake the heavy 'work incidental to the score, but he conducted the band rehearsals, and was present with Mr. Sim3 at all other rehearsals. These frequently lasted from 6 in the evening till 5 the next mornin?. Mr. Clay stepped out of the conductor's sbair after the first performance with a sigh1 of relief. 'Thank God,' he said to Mr. Sims, 'we've pulled it through without a hitch, old man ; to-morrow we can sit in easy chairs ? and take life quietlv again.' And on the morrow, at the restful time anticipated, he reeled stricken into the arms of hia collabora teur - - It is some time since W. J. Holloway paid £300 for the questionable pleasure of punch ing a dramatic critic. # Though his name no longer rolls in majestic cadence_ from local Olympians, at Ballarat there is no cessa tion of . the ? mighty sound. Holloway has prospered and made money, and shortly -visits - the- old - country ' in search of dramas for. his - Australian public. In a recent issue of the Courier, however, ' A Ballarat Playgoer since 1855' hits our ancient theatrical acquaintance hard: on soft places. If one persuasion more than: another pervades W. J; Hi's cerebral organ ism, it is thathe (W. J. H.) is the- one 'poor; player' alive specially created and adopted by a generous Providence for the absolute realization of love-lorn Romeo. Says the cruel 'Playgoer:' — 'I should like to see him. again in ' Macbeth.' ... I think, next to Marc Antony and the Ghost in ' Hamlet,' it is. hisbest part andmuchmore suited; to- him than. Romeo or Hamlet.' Further. on, '.'Miss; Essie Jenynaisa pretty but very weak Partheniai. :. .- :.Andlthink the management should be careful, how they, thrust ilisa Jenyns. into parts beyond her present'; strength, ?. but ^'wait ;; till her power? arc more developed.,: I am. sorry ; tfiat ; Mr; flolloway^ ; should think- that, the drama . requires such backing up as 'Colonel' Ike. Austin can give it, and think it degrades it' There is much . raw truth, however, mixed in these remarks. Austin is, of course^the exhibition rifle-shot. Strange to say Wybert Reeve engaged Austin Jately at Sydney. - Argninzj upside-down, it .would appear that the grand . elements of success, in. dramatic life are (1) a firm refusal, to create a new part, and (2) aa utter absence of artistic growth. Here are Mr. and Mrs. Williamson once, more at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, in ' Struck Oil,' and drawing . crowds, too ! These clever people have not added a single character to their legitimate repertory for years, 'Eureka' being, after all, only a re flex of the older play. It would be far more satisfactory were they to wake from their histrionic somnolency,. and draw crowds in something new. Let us hope that at least by the next decade it will be made penal for any person whatsoever to perform 'Struck Oil in Australasia. . ? Wybert Reeve has made Frederick Mar shall a handsome offer for a prolonged en gagement. If Marshall accepts he will open at tlie Gaiety, Sydney, about Easter. Dar . rcll stupendously ignores representations made him lately, and' propotes to give us remarkably good measure of 'The Sunny South,' the scenery for which has arrived at the Port -?'-.: . The latest aspirants for histrionic fame at our Theatre Royal are a gentleman dog and a lady cat The dog. iaoists oa declaiming vigorously at the wrong moments,, being at present denied the advantages;of rehearsal, The cat appears bodily on the stage whenever Miss Maggie Knight melts into pathos, Such is the force of eenius. ' Wybert Reeve hesi tates as to giving the new performers per manent engagements. ? : An exciting scene took place at Dyon a month or two ago. A wild beast exhibition formed part of the attractions of a circus there. A lion-tamer put his ' head into the mouth of a lioness. The lioness suddenly closed her jawa. The roan with hi3 head- un pleasantly' fast shrieked - dismally. The spectators ran away. Excitement prevailed. Presently the lioness chose to release the tamer. He was by that time in a dilapidated condition, and says he- will never do it again. ; Opinions of thirty' professional peopft on IrviDg's Louis XI. were requested by the Editor of the New York Dramatic Times, and published1 by him. They exhibit just thirty different opinions, varying from 'I dont like him; I think he's overrated,' to ' Enjoyed it very much. I think Mr. Irving a very great artist.' Nothing can be more vnlgar, more repug nant, more telling, or more coarse tha&Zolas; ' Pot-Bouille' just produced at th« Ambiqu, Paris. It is characterized -as -a 'strange, disgusting,- but interesting piece.' Stage realism can hardly jeo further. Hence, it is hoped, a reaction against this class of dramas must shortly be experienced. The travelling Xoftus Troupe advertise . their return to- a civilized country as follows : —'Wrested from fee Typhoon and Hurri cane-lashed Ocean— -Battled for in the Wi'ds of Africa — Volcanic Eruptions, Earthauakes, the Deadly Fevers of the Jungle, the* Fatal Miasma of the Lagoon — all, all defied for Honourable Success !' Where is Darrell ? It is intended to produce Dumas' adapta tion of ' Hamlet' at the Comtklie Francaise, with Mounet-Sully as the Prince. Mounet Sully was a most boisterously potential actor not so long ago; bat, thanks principally to the patience and insistence of Got,, the veteran doyen — this loud but clever socie- ? tain has toned down considerably of late years.. . Scat plans and elevations of a new National Opera House to be erected by Mr. J. EL lapleson, on the Victoria Embankment, have «4 defiveredi ? They ^ provide Lfor 480 rar h«atral aad 440 balcony stalby 90 private «xes on three tiers,' 500 ampMtnestre stalls, ndJ 860 amphitheatre teats, bouquet and ; ansic -counters, » - spacious foyer, royal : partments, a lady's boudoir, and. a smoking ooniiv-- ??' i ' ?? ?? ? ' ' ...-':..- The Majeronisj are first m the Australian ield with ''Feaora,' which they are now traducing at the O^era- house, Sydney J iignor Majeroni received the manuscript nonthsago from. Europe.. It will be cruel o the person whose fate calls her to . play ^dora after Signora Majeroni— an emotional ictress of the first daaa. ' It will soothe Allison to have known on he spot that George Rignold'a purchase ' In he Ranks' brought more money to ? the idelphi during its first fifty nights than was rver taken durmg a corresponding, period »t hat theatre. -; : ? .;.... Some wealthy New Yorkers with. Vander -Qt at their head have oSered -£enry Irring k new theatre in that city to be managed by urn in conjunction with the Lyceum, London. 2ash all 'Subscribed.- ?: - ' . : The Princess's, Melbourne, seems the Ans iralian abode of modern drama. . Money has been turned away from the dress-circle of ate. C. W. Godfrey's ' The Parvena' suc» »edB 'Imprudence.' Godfrey'B work is essentially, bright, original, and wholesome. Annie Mayor will play a rollicking hoyden— Mary Ledger— therein. . It is proposed to revive . ' Remorse, a tragedy by the poet Coleridge. . . . \- 'Impulse' stu) drawing at the Princess's, Melbourne, though 'The Parvenu' &as; long been rehearsed. ? ; . . : , '.-.?..: From Cincinnati we hear that Joseph Bmmett (Fritz) has almost lost his voice, and ias ceased to be attractive. ? , : . .: , Kate Chard is .now a member of the Savoy Company, and in the cast of Gilbert and Sullivan b ? new opera. We ? hear nothing, lowever, of the burning Brand 1 ...... . : Johaon Gung'l, famous at onetime aa the jomposer of.popnlar waltzes, recently died n Hungary. '?.??: ...... Some fiddling pays. Abbey gives Joachim Si 2,000 for one hundred concerts in the United States. . ?- . - Bysubmittine to an operation for excision )f the uvula, M. Stephane/a 'Parisian tenor. 3as gained much in force -uid brilliancy of roice. ' : .-.?;'?. -Mr. Jufitra McCarthy, not content with political and literary distinction, aspires ;to ihine as a dramatist and is preparing an icting version of his novel, 'The Maid of Athens.'- ? Lydia Cowelt is playine successfully aa 7o ^at the London Standard Theatre in mother adaptation of 'Bleak House' entitled 'Jo, the Outcaat,' from the pea of Mr. Fames Mortimer. . Two apparently full-blooded -French negroes, M.M. Galouret and Damare, have become members of our Theatre Royal archestra, They are very fine performers on tlie cornet and flute. ? Wybert Reeve's season in Adelaid* begins February 1L -.;.-.? A daughter of Sims Beeves will shortly become a professional actress. - . Solange xTavaro is now a member of the Mai eroni's Company at .Sydney. :--?????; ? \ Sir. William Jenner says thai; Erederlc Clay-, the composer, is slowly recovering. , W. S. Gilbert has written a new play for Miss Marv Anderson. Ite title ia' Comedy ?id: Tragedy.' . - - ? ??? -. ? During his first six weeks m America' Henry Irving'a receipts amounted to the nice little sum of 108,596 dollars. ?? ' ' Standard Theatre, New York, burned down (December 15. Loss estimated at Beventy-five thousand dollars^ - ?? [ I ? *♦ Fedora? been- very successful with Fanny ? Davenport at the Fourteenth- street Theatre, New York. Average weekly receipts, stven ? thousand dollars. ? ? - i Gilbert & Sullivan's sew opera, ' The Princess,' is in rehearsal at the Savoy, where ^ the last nights of ' Iolanthe' are annonnced. Lillian Russell to be the Princess Ida. ~ 