My Åslies. THE VICISSITUDES OF AN INCINEEATED MOTHEE- 1 IN-IIAW. Mv ashes, locked within a handsome silver i nrn, were placed by my son-in-law on the I mantle 'in the drawing-room,* after he had I carried ont the provisions of my will, one of I which was that my remainB xrere to be i I mated, which he had done, despite^ny daughter's prayers. The circumstanraof mvadies beingcaptured by barglars was.asfoll^i- There were two o£ them, ahd^ffeOT came into tjtö d^wing-|:oom, aboutJ^Vci^ in the mlrniag, though theÄdow£3t^hich | was (äisached tlÄ. " patent biblar alarm." Flashmg their :: dark lan tern hitor^ and thithä', the rays prasently fell ligpÉJShe turn. A rapid éxamination couvinced fflMm that it' f as ^able, and, without a word.they trans- \ e " ed ^ a fack which one of them oarried. cenar^to g^et %he^f ä^miBngy atÖeilocatea:fii |?.o bs enre qnarter of the town, began a aj™ 1011 ?» their spoil. When they came tot^ ^ y Trera^nzzlfid ior ajmiment, .. ??P d 8wa g' s this . oul?" said one of them, holding the urn np to the light. "Looks like a vase or a TniUr pitcher or somethin'," said the Other. " Milk pitcher yer gran'mother," scomfnlly replied the first speaker; "I don't b'lieveye know a milk pitcher from a horse oollar. Where'd ye ever see a milk pitcher 'ith a look on it like ?" and the burglar turned the padlook to ward his companion. As lie did BO the imcription caught his eye. "Hullo 1" he exolaimed. "Why,Bill, it's a graveyard—ef it ain't d n me.' i.- • " A wot?" cried the second burglar, leaning. for ward, his eyes sparkling with snrprise an4 increduliJy. "A graveyard 1" repeated the other burglar; "a stifE-kit—a little private cemetery. Here ^ i 0 on the door plste,' Sacred to the inem'ry Missis_ Matilda Xiambert, who departed this April nineteenth, eighteen eighty- one. 1 Can't ye read. It's one o' them ash barrels 7 e tear tell of. People wot's a little off their n. n t3, an' don't want to go to the boneyard, gi ts bnrned, and they pnt thétr ^remams' in wot you'd call a milk pitcher," ~ " The h-—1 ye say. But are them 'xemmns'valu'ble swag? Ken ye sell 'ém to the fence?" inquired the less-iåforméd burglar. • " Sell 'em to the fence - be hariged," contemptuously replied;the other; "Wot ud the fence want of them, rd like to hnow? Not mnch; but they're valu'ble allthe same. Jeet you wait a day or two, an' look at the advertisements in thé paper w'ile yer a waitin'. Ef iye don't see ä piéce in the paper offerin' 'a libjral reward' fur the return of a vase or a ' nrilk pitcher,' es you'd call it, an' ^no queations asked,' I hope I may git seven Btretches afore I'm ä week older.' We kenmelt.dbwn the 'milk pitcher' thongh; we ken sell that to the fence. It's the genooine stufi, or Vm a white head. Here, Bill, hand me that .lard can, and we'll dump the ' remains' into it, to:, be jkep' 'til called for;' no nse to anybody bnt thé owner.' Nice bizness fur two snoozers as to be in—robbin' graveyards ?;I see by the door plate she was fifty-seven years Nice old lady, I spose, an'lier bereaved fam'ly won't mind plankin 1 down right han'- to git her back agin. Wonder ef her ghost's fiickerin round this boodwah jest pow." The burglar who held the lard cani 040 which my ashes were being 41 dumped" trembled perceptibly, and threw a hasty, apprehensive glance around as if fearing the approach of my angry spirit. His companion noticed his agitation, and with a soornfnl 8m'le remarked: "Well,ef yon ain't the wnst, Bill—yer a funk. J ' Then, with a few light tapson the bottom of the um tö detach any adhesive g^ins that might be dinging to the xeceptaele> laid it aside with, " There, olMady; y 011 '. 11 keep, I guess, 'til yer called fur. Pnt her in the pantry, _ _. Bill, , an' cover her np: 'ith: that side o' 'bacon, ,ftnnn so's the mice and — j cooki — u roaches won't git into her. : Sh^s a lady^ : Bill, an' we ought to treat -the wimmen 'ith ^espect." .. ; As the burglar had predicted, my son-inadvertised for " a vase or um," and the burglars replying throngh the " personal. e o l™ n o v e r the signature "Ashes,'' the n.egotiation was soon conclnded, and in ccmw »deration of the payment of $300 by "the P artyof ^01:34 P art " the cancontain- 851163 was ^nsferred to his xeeidence.5 r ^ ^ • son-an-lawtäie justioeto^äiat .- S^^ffil^ffi "V^r ttifl taPBOm ^TmLIg: the burglars. He even paid it cheerfnl^mBd: j last no time in procuring another 'mn *äs Bimilar to tfae one that had beenlstolen <aa -- possible. This nrn, however, was not <&•• played on the drawing-xoom mantle, rand l was relieved from contact with my hatéful " intimate friends " by being relegated to ,my dan. g^^r' s dressing-room, the urn being concealed in a lacquered cabinet on the bnreau» Here my ashes wiere comparatively safe from the vandal hands of vnlgar burglars, bnt not from the ruthless mischief of -my own fiesh and blood. One day while the rfamily was occupied in another part of thé honse, my grandson, a little imp of Satan—a dhfld five years of age—crept into the room,: nn- Iocked * he cabinet, abstracted the nrn, and «onceahng it under his^pron, shpped ont in« to fft the 4-lia back tiD/ilr yard, *rnmliAM where, with •...'i.1. water J . and n a broken stick, he mixed abont half of the «ontents of the um into mudpies. . Greät heaveng —just think of it! The ashes of a dignified, respectable old lady converted by a young : scoundrd into mud pies I—and the ashes of~ : his own grandmother, too I Instindt shonld have tanght him reverence for the dnst of ons but for whom he wonld never have had an éxistence. But this was not the worst of iW A handful or more of my ashes remained - in the urn, and the child, beginning torealize that he was committing a domestic Mony, became frightened, and picking np the urrr« started back to the dressing-röom with 7 : Passing throngh the dining- room, the castor on the ~ dining-table caught his eye, and uiother brilliant idea strnck him. He emptied the pepper bottle into the fire-place and i filled it again from the urn. He pérforinéd ; the same operation with the salt dishés, and"' then distributed my remaining ashes in the vinegar and oil cruets and the mustatd bottle. Having Öras disposed of my remains, he^xel \- umed the m D to the cabmet and awiuted developments. They came at the Hinner table that afteraoon. "Matilda," said my son-in-law, " this is the queerest tasting pepper I ever eaw in my life." ' " What, my dear, what does it taBte like ?" inqnired my daughter. . - . ', Like old dried bones, as far asi can mnlm, out," replied her husband. " And themostard ? ! , e , t ? ste -, 1,00,03 88 someboäy f 1 K been empjying the pepper into -the mns- I tar ? bottle—its full of little gray particles ; and tllere' s a sediment in the vinegar cruet, anÄ~ 3 j St ^ ^ i * 1 ^ ^ - " ^ da , Q g ht ef Jouched her tongne to my f™™,} 1 *? face , 1 ? disgust. jt, Why.Atfred! she exdanned, «w 'what can .Ti;,, . „ x.t, V 6^ y° n > Matdda; it's some of onr y° UQ g hopeful s work, that's what it is. Cömie yo? ? on ? g rasoaL have you been P uttm j> tne pepper bottle, Alfred. Speak up now, and no lying. If you tell me a lie I'U whip you within an inch of your life." The . boy burst into tears, and for a time neither threats nor expostulations had any efiect upon him. At last, ona promise that lie should have .a new diam and a train of it ., „ ,, - . . _ , . — 1 steam cars," he blnrted ont: ; It's grah'ma." "Grandma! " cried his parents simul taneously. Yes, her mod." " Her mud 1" The plot was thickening. Mystery brooded over that houBehold. You know, papa, that spéckled stuff yon said was gran'ma, up in the jampot in mamma's T» Q'c room." rnirtm M A shrill A' oltolll shriek resounded i through the houae, and my daughter fell fainting to the floor. With a frightful oath my son-in-law rushed into his wife's dressing! room> tore open the cabinet, hastily unlodked . nrn > and found it—émpty. He reéled against the wall, one hand pressed convnl- Bively against his brow, the other dutching thé um, at which he stared like a inäniac. As he slowly sank to the floor, his limbs trembhng with horror, I heard him curRle rather than mutter: • i tfip nrri* af. wTinh Pto ofnMil ^ ' " My God I my God! I've eaten my motherin law." E. H. C., in the Argonaut. 353\. ~ 