CHAPTER XXXIV. JACOBIS POSITION. What do I care after all, whether she is found or not ?" said Constantino Jacobi to - himself, savagely biting at the end of his cigar, and then throwing it far away over the parapet of the Thames Embankment, as a sort of relief to bis feelings. The scowl that he wore upon his hand some face was anything but pleasant. The cold east wind had given him a shrivelled, pinched appearance, in spite of the richly furred, warmly lined overcoat which he affected in winter, or during the chilly ■ breezes of early spring. He was suffering, too, from bodily fatigue; for he had been busy upon errands for Sir Wilfred and one or two on his own account all the previous day and for part of the present one, and he dia not relish fatigue or exertion of any kind unlees it was undergone for the furtherance of his own purposes. On this occasion he had chiefly been doing Sir Wilfred's work, and his nerves were exasperated at the les sening of his nightly dose of opium ; for he had been staying for a couple of days in Gil bert's house, where he did not think it ad visable to procure for himself top deep a ■ sleep by artificialmeans. His night s rest had therefore been much broken, and his eyes had the jaded look of one who needs a refreshing slumber. But it was not want of Bleep entirely that gave him so worn an appearance, nor even the chilliness produced by a strong east wind. He was absorbed in the considera tion of facts which gave him real cause for - anxiety. He had just seen Messrs. Pengclly and Morris, Sir Wilfred's solicitors, on the sub ject of Clarice's disappearance with Mrs. Danvers. They had not received Mr, Jacobi very warmly. Old Mr. Peugelly, tho head of the firm, had strongly urged upon Sir Wilfred the propriety of waiting until Clarice was of age before pressing her mar riage; and, after the interrupted wedding, had been foremost in expressing his opinion that Jacobi ought to be turned out of the house at once. He, at least, believed all the charges that were brought against Jacobi, and offended Sir Wilfred very deeply by saying so. But Mr. Pengelly had acted so long for the Vanborough family, and knew so many of their secrets, that the impending quarrel was, by some timely means, averted, and the old lawyer devoted himself to the search for the missing girl as if she had been his own child. " How is Captain Vanborough ?" he had asked of Jacobi, rather abruptly, at the close of the interview. " No better." " Ah!—not spoken yet I" "No." "Lucky for you, that accident, was it not, Mr. Jacobi?" " I do not understand you," said Jaeobf, with lowering brows and a snarl like that of a dog preparing to bite, "Don't your' Mr. Pengelly was always very curt with Sir Wilfred's Secretary. "Well, I suppose he would have had you prosecuted, wouldn't he ? Mr. Tremaine's story is that Geoffrey conld give ovidence against you. although his own would have no legal value. " Geoffrey Vanborough could not prove anything against ine with respect to tho marriage," said Jacobi, sullenly. " There is nothing to prove. Of course he could swear away my character if he chose.". "Little enough to swear away," said tho lawyer to himself, as he watched the change of nate, and fear, and rage flit like lurid shadows over the Spaniard^ swarthy face and fathomless dark eyes; " but more than you. can afford to Iobc, no doubt." Then aloud— " I suppose that when he recovers he will bring forward his evidence ?" "I don't know." " There is no other evidence against you ?" " There is none anywhere." "Oh! But I am informed that Mr. Tre maine is only waiting for the arrival of a friend from America who is in possession of certain awkward facta" The lawyer stopped. Jacobi had uttered a terrible oath, the like of which had seldom been heard in the respectable offices of Messrs. Pengelly & Morris. • " My dear sir, said Mr. Pengelly, putting up his hand reprovingly, " yon must not— you must not! If any of my clerks were to near, I assure you I should feel that my own character was at stake." For answer Jacobi looked him in the face and swore again, though not so londly as " What the devil do I care for your clerks or your character!" he said. Mr. Pengelly touched a bell at bis right band. "Good morning, Mr. Jacobi," he said, coolly. " I will ask Sir Wilfred to send me another messenger next time." " Show this gentleman ont," he added, to the clerk who appeared. "One minute, said Jacobi, recovering himself. "I spoke hastily. I apologize. Yon should make -some allowance for a man in my iminful.position, Mr. Pengelly." The clerk withdrew, in obedience to a sign from his master, and Mr. Pengelly acknow ledged the apology with a stiff bend of the head. " I am willing to hear anything of impor tance that you may have to tell me, Mr. Jacobi," he said drily. "But I am not willing to be sworn at in my own office." " I lost my temper" said Jacobi, in a con ciliatory tone. "I iorgot"— "That you were not in South America," .said the lawyer, finishing the sentence so sharply that Jacobi felt compelled to abandon his own conclusion and to force a smile. " What else have you to say, Mr. Jacobi?" *'I want to know whether, in the event of Miss Vanborough's return, there would be ■any legal obstacle to ray marriage with her, supposing, of course, that nobody openly ■disputes it?" Supposing nobody disputes it? But somebody has disputed it! Sir Wilfred can never allow the marriage to proceed without sifting the evidence of your first wife's •existence, which Captain Vanborough, or Mr. Tremaiue, or Mr. Tremaine's friend from South America, may be able to bring for ward." " There is no evidence for them to bring." " So much the better for you." said Mr. Pengelly, standing up as a sign that the in-' terview was at an ena. " In that case, Mr. -Jacobi, when it is shown that there is no such evidence, you will be at liberty to marry Miss Vanborough (if she is found) whenever she consents to let you. You know what English law is on the subject of bigamy, I ; suppose?" There seems no chance of proving the thing one way or the other," said Jacobi, ignoring the question, and taking up his hat with a worn and weaiy expression which did i not escape the shrewd old lawyer's notice. "Even when she is found, am I to be kept waiting until these men have concocted their story and found some woman willing to swear that she is my wife?—although I saw my wife drowned before ray very eyes. It is not fair to me." " You ought to know Geoffrey Vanborough and Nigel Tremaine better than to speak of their concocting a story against you," said Mr. Pengelly, gravely. "On the produc tion of the evidence—whatever it may be— Sir Wilfred must decide whether the matter should be suffered to drop, whether it should go into Court, or whether you Bhould be allowed to marry bis daughter. His present conduct shows great trust in you, and I think—I really do think—that under the circumstances you might well be satisfied." " I mv.il be satisfied, I suppose," Jacobi -muttered bitterly, as be took bis leave. The old lawyer stood musing in front of the fire with his handB behind him, for some minutes after Jacobi's departure. " How much truth is there in his story, I wonder !" be said to himself. " What is one to believe ? I wish Sir Wilfred were a little less of a fool. As for Gilbert, I think this man Jacobi must have got hold of some handle against him, for the poor lad turns as white as a ghost if one but mentions Jacobi's name. A weak set those Vanboroughs j poor Geoffrey as wean as any ot tnem, nut a nner lenow tnan Gilbert by far, for all that. As for Clarice, I expect we shall see no more of herjuntif she has come of age; though, if we do," h went on, while the half smile that had irradiated his wrinkled countenance like a gleam of sunshine, gave place to a wintry gloom of melancholy forboding ; "if we do, it will be either in a madhouse or a grave. Poor child ; poor child !" He finished by a sigh and a shake of the head as he returned to bis desk. There was a mystery surrounding the fate of Clarice Vanborougli, and Mr. Pengelly did not like mysteries. This conversation sent Jacobi away in an extremely dissatisfied state of mind. He was bound for Cbarnwood later in the day; hut he had an hour to spare, and employed it in a walk upon the Embankment. The day J was fine, though cold; the trees were burst ing into leaf; the river glittered; the stone steps and balustrades gleamed almost white in the brilliant spring sunshine. Jacobi plunged his hands into his pockets, and bent his head low to escape the cutting wind as he paced along the river side, absorbed in fol lowing out a train of thought that had lately given nim sume trouble. For a year and a half he had had a com fortable home. He had saved money out of the liberal salary that Sir Wilfred had given him and the sums that he had at various times extorted from Gilbert. He had hoped to constitute himself Sir Wilfred's son-in-law before Geoffrey or Nigel could hear of the projected marriage. He had meant to depart immediately after the wedding to some safe corner of the world, out of the reach of two . men whom he had injured; there to spend the fortune that would accrue to him through Clarice, and to revel in every kind of pleasure suggested by the -claims of a thoroughly sensuons and sensual nature. Life in a hot climate,' with complete indolence, and luxury in every shape and fonn—these were the conditions that he had always vainly coveted—the gifts that fortune had hither persistently denied, They had seemed to be just within his reach. Were they now to vanish from his grasp like the food and drink that ever eluded the tor-, lured lips of a fabled demi-god? Hot anger and bitter mortification raged within him at. the thought. He reviewed his position. He firmly be lieved that his wife was dead. He did not think that with their utmost efforts Geoffrey and Nigel could prove that Maddalena had not been drowned seven years ago. He' fancied that they had been deluded by some South American Pepita or Juana..who had thought to gain something by palming her self off upon them as Jacobi's wedded wife; and in his sleeve he laughed at them for their credulity. But he did believe that when Geoffrey regained his senses he might prove against him the attempt to rob and murder Nigel Tremaine that had caused his expul sion from the camp Upon the Pampas. The witness from South America might be Luke Darenth, Carson, or Hiram Gregg. Even the fact—the small fact, as it seemed to him— that he had Btolen, would destroy his credit once and for all with Sir Wilfred Van borougb. . Geoffrey's accident was indeed a fortunate circumstance for Jacobi. It gave him a long space of time in which to mature his plans. Nigel Tremaine could evidently prove Dthing nothing against him without the help of other witnesses; it was Geoffrey who might at once have identified him as the man who bod been "staked out" for the paltry theft of Nigel's pocket-book and watch. As long as Geoffrey lay insensible, as long as Geoffrey was well out of the way, so long might Con stantine Jacobi enjoy comparative security. If he could but have married Clarice, and left the country before the bursting of the storm 1 Should he throw np the game and go back to South America with his savings? He had enough to live upon ; be might extort more from Gilbert; should he content himself with this, and leave the VanborougliB and the Tremainea to settle their affair3 amongst themselves? No, not yet. The passion of revenge was strong in liim. He had a grudge against Geoflrov. Was there no way in which to make him suffer yet ? If Geoffrey were out of the way Jacobi himself would be safe. The thought recurred to him again and again with frightful per sistence. He put it away from him for the present. It needed lengthy and Berious con sideration. He had a grudge against Nigel too. Well, if Jacobi married Clarice his debt of malice to Nigel Trcmaine would be well paid. He knew nothing that would be likely to wouud Nigel more. But Clarice was gone, and he was con vinced that Tremaine was acquainted with her place of concealment. There rose up once more the haunting image that had disturbed him through all the opium-begotten, half delirious drcam3 and visions of the past few nights—the lovely yet mournful face of Clarice Vanborough, white as snow, with the purple shadow of pain and weariness upon her half-closed eyelids, and her dark hair lying like a shadow above her blue-veined forehead—more like the face of a dead than a living woman, as it had looked of late. At first ho had mocked at the girl for her fear of him; he had delighted in seeing her tremble in his presence, and had not scrapled at using any means in his power for terrify ing or exasperating her. He had grown to take a savage pleasure in the bursts of pas sion into which she was sometimes goaded when repelling his advances; if he had admired her statuesque beauty in her colder moods, he found that the colour and fire given to her face and eyes by her shortlived fits of anger rendered them far more fasci nating. When her tempeBts of indignant fury had died away it was his delight to see her humiliated ard tongue-tied in her father's presence and his own. Alter a time her unconquerable aversion to him began to cause him some vexation. He had expected, with his characteristic mis understanding of a woman's nature, that when he had induced Sir Wilfred to give her dresses, shawls, jewels sufficient of every kind, she would end by showing some femi nine interest in her new ornaments, even perhaps by evincing some gratitude to him. This hope was finally destroyed when Clarice threw her emeralds in his face. Then he .went through another phase of feeling. He hated the girl—he was resolved to make her suffer. He would punish her for her scorn and contumacy; she would rue the day when she had insulted him, and thrown back the gifts he brought her with contempt. He did not know how much of this feeling he discovered to her when he spoke under the influence of opium; but for the time it was almost maddening in its intensity, and made the enforced delay of the period when he had promised himself to punish her a time of great irritation and dis appointment to him, succeeded only towards its close by a sullen resolution to make her his own in spite of every obstacle. Upon the wedding-day be was thinking more of Clarice herself than of the wealth which had once constituted to him her chief attraction. Then the blow that was eveD greater than that given by the interruption of the wedding fell unon him in all its force. She disap peared suddenly and swiftly from his ken, and left no trace behind. Those who knew the man best had thought that he was too degraded, too base in cha racter and motive, to give a thought to any quality in Clarice Vanborough but her beauty, to any of her possessions but her wealth. They were mistaken. The girl's culture and refinement, her faithfulness to the man she loved, her uprightness, her Burity, all had had an effect upon his mind. fe might glory in putting his jewel to vile uses, but he knew the value of the jewel for all that. It was only Madame Vallor who, with her keen insight into his mind, began to divine what was passing there. A look or word from him had shown her the danger. Steadily, unflinchingly, she had set herself to combat it in her own way. She separated them completely. The constant use of opium was acting strangely upon his nerves and Bpirits, in con junction with the strain of anxiety respecting his future prospects. HiB dreams were suc cessions of frightful nightmares, during which he was constantly pursued by the face of Clarice Vanborough; and, of late, by two other faces, which, as far as he knew, were reposing under the billows of the stormy Atlantic—the faces of his wife and child. He had scarcely thought of his wife for years. He would have said a few months before that he could not recall a feature of the dark-eyed baby whom he had refused to save; yet now, < during the silent watches of the night, it floated up before him through the mist of bygone years, a sweet, pathetic little face, with the hue of death upon its childish features. Then Maddalena's dark eyes would look at him reproachfully; then followed the vision of Clarice's vacant and wandering gaze, of Clarice's stricken lips and listless form. When he lay down to sleep, he fell into the habit of wondering which of the three was going to haunt him through his dreams that night. He could not understand his own state of mind. He could not understand why Cla rice's face should be as present to him as it { was; He was sure that he hated her with all the force of which he was capable, and yet he was consumed by the one overmaster ing, passionate desire to see those sorrowful eyes of hers once more, to bold that slender band in his, to call that white, fragile, deli cate creature, at whose weakness he had jeered, over whose pride he had sought in vain to triumph, his own in face of all the world, and though all the world forbade. He was not used to the analysis of feeling. He had not given a name to the subtle at traction which Clarice exercised over him. If he called it anything he called it hate; but it was perilously like something that was not hate at all, but love. It was the'persistency of his dreams that had caused him almost to discontinue the use of opium for a time. But the physical suf fering that this abstinence entailed was growing to be more than he could bear. He knew that on the coming night he would sooner incur the chance of frightful visions tbau hours of sleepless, nervous pain. He bad seen a physician on the previous day, and the physician had prescribed for him, but told him that a gradual cessation of his practice of taking opium was the only thing that could really quiet his overstrung nerves and excited brain. Jacobi had promised to follow the doctor's advire, but knew, as he walked upon the Embankment in the teeth of a cutting wind that he should break his promise on the first opportunity. He rouBed himself at last from his medita tions with a new light in his eyes. A fresh idea had struck him. As he hailed a hansom, and drove to the railway station, as he seated himself in a corner of the railway carriage, and looked absently at the passing rows of chimneys, of winding streets, of country fields and lanes through which the train was speeding on its -way northward, Jacobi was ponderiDg whether his new idea could or could not be turned to good account as a means of compelling Nigel Tremaine and the Vanboroughs to reveal the hiding-place of Clarice. Nigel could do so if he would; of that he was cure : and he believed that Gil bert and Sir Wilfred were not so ignorant as they professed to be. On his arrival at Charnwood Manor he made certain arrangements for the further consideration of bis idea. He talked of busi ness matters until Sir Wilfred grew weary and retired to his own room. Then Jacobi sought out a bun eh of keys which had already done good service, aud locked himself into Sir Wilfred's study. He opened the desk, where the baronet's most private papers were always kept. The opportunity was a good one for running his eye over various documents, the contents of which Sir Wilfred was a little chary of re vealing. Jacobi glanced with a smile at a "Last Will and Testament," in which he had an interest, and at various papers relat ing to settlements, leases, and charters. Then he touched the spring of a secret drawer, which he had not opened for several weeks- and took out a large blue envelope. With another 'elongation of his Hps—half smile, half sneer—he read the inscription upon the envelope—" Papers relative to the cause of Geoffrey Vanborouvh's departure from England in the year 1877," Should he publish these papers to the world or not? He might threaten to do so, at any rate. And yet it would be dangerous to abstract them from Sir Wilfred's desk without hiB permission; but Jacobi thought that he could gain that permission. At pre sent he would but look and see whether, in the papers kept in that secret drawer (the letter from the Secretary of the Hospital, a copy of Sir Wilfred's reply, a memorandum of same of the facts of the case, and the forged receipt for fifty pounds that had never been received by the persons to whom it was sent) there was evidence enough to convict either Geoffrey or Gilbert Vanborough. He opened the envelope and drew ont a folded paper. Had there been only one when last he looked inside that drawer ? Hastily he unfolded the solitary sheet. An exclama tion escaped his lips; an expression of utter dismay and perplexity crossed his face as the paper dropped from his fingers and fluttered to the floor. For all that the blue envelope now contained was a sheet of blank paper. 