THE MERCURY. FRIDA Y ilORNIKQ, MARCH 14,1SSÍ. ? ? ? There seems to bo a sort of conspiracy at the present timo to rehabilitate the British ghost. That once very respect ablo - we cannot say person, wo do not like to say shadow, so we must content ourselves with the neutral term character -that once very respectable character has become rather disreputable of late, and is by no means in his, her, or its old form. It has, in fact, gone stale. Con- jurors, professors of magio, proprietors of I Psyches ana 'other mysterious figures, havo dono such w undera that tho ghoBts have been' fairly 'driven out of the field, and It really does seem as if tho British article ' had taken tho 'advice given by the tenant of the old Inn to the ghost that haunted an ancient cabinet. Readers of Pick- wick r ,will !,Remeniber that when this old and most legitimate gliOBt-in fact, the roguhr' dustman in tho ghost business of the neighbourhood-appeared, tho tenant pointod out that ho was a fool of a ghost, inasmuch as ho continued to live in a musty old cabinet, when ho might roam through all tho pleasantest places in the world. Tho ghost waa a sensible one, for ho-it was a ho, wo believe, on this occasion-thanked the tenant, and at once vanished, and' nevor roturned. Now, whothor th^British ghosts generally have taken exkmplo by, this sensible one or not wo do not,know, but itt is quite certain that the British ghost, as a ghost, is rather a failure. Dickens, who used to feel "creepy'"on reading ghost stones, was accustomed to advortiso for haunted houses, but the ghosts always had another engagement when ho went, in company with his busiuess manager, to see thom. Ho had offers of' many houses, and ho ac- cepted many, but ho nevor could seo the ghosts that woro warranted to bo on the premisos, and thus they lost n chance of being handed down to ovorlasting fame such as no w/oll-rogulated ghost would have neglected. > Wo have a theory that the spread of spiritualism has interfered with the business of the regular ghost, and to an extent which leaves room for a great I doal of very just complaint. It isas un fair as tho competition in trade, by which persons who have never served an ap- prenticeship undersell those who have sorved thoir seven yeirs, and who aro re- gularly, onrolled. ( Thoro aro swarms of ghosts now-a-days, some of whom can scarcely write or read, and who aro yet ambitious ¡to play . such characters as Shakespeare^ Dickens, Homer, and one actually aspired : to personate Helen of TroyjLJand " materiolisod a piece of her ' thumb-nail for the benefit of an enthusiastic circle in Victoria Now, such proceedings as these aro enough to drive the old; steady, family ghost wild. There is want of decorum about thom. They aro degrading to the profession. No* ghost of the-Bteady old typo, who valued his,' or her, or ' its character the snuff of a candle, would'go about materialising his legs, his arms, or other parts of his per- son. He would know,what is due to bim self and his long roll of ancestors, extend- ing baot to the remotest ages, a great deal j>etter than to bo guilty of such indo oenoy ¿especially as he is really nothing if ho is not immaterial.' Such things aB a jack t chain or the banging of doors have been allowed to a few rather rough and loose minded ghosts from time immemorial, but the better class of ghosts havo never countenanced these coarse modes of frightening people, and have le lied 'on' what' 'may bo ca'lod the legitimate , drama, in which a few appropriate and modest actions explain to intelligent persons the whole situation at once.1 ' The consequence of it all has been, that the legitimate ghost of Britain has discovered that his occupation is gone, especially as people have taken to gas, electric lights, ventilation, and other things,'detrimental, to legitimate ghost ship. Even in rural Franco, where sonio very curious , things are , still believed, Berenoer tells us that the day of the revenants is overland that they have been heard cry ing, out, me me au village notic rigne eui paste It has become evi- dent,' therefore, that if tho British ghost we do' not'me'an* of course, those silly ones who rap at, tables, and pull people's hair-¡arto ,be saved, from- extinction something must be done, and two very respectablopersons, the Bishop of Carlisle and Mrs. Oliphant, have tried to do it. \ We cannot conscientiously say much for the Bishop. He has written a rather serious article in the Contemporary Re tee, in which he tries to explain away the difficulty started by Coleridge, that we might believe'in the ghost of a person, but it is not easy to believe in the ghost of a person's clothes. Any well-informed ghost cçmld explain away the difficulty at once, if he was i not bound not to do so,* but the objection is one which has I puzzled other persons besides the Bishop of Carlisle, and jt is plain that ho is unable toi get over* it. Horatio tells Hamlet that the ghoat of his father " wore his 'beaver up," showing that he was in his habit as ho lived, and we must confess that wo can as easily believe in the ghost of a bob-wig, a pair of jack boots, as of the modern dress-improver or the ancient hoop. It speaks well for the lady ghosts that they generally dis- card these gee gaws, and do not appear in their habita as they lived, but choose to I be clothed in white " mystic, wonderful," like the arm that rose from the lake when King ARTHUR'BswordEscaliburwas thrown in, or they go in for silk, which makes a pleasant rustle, or what the French call frou-frou. And the lady ghosts show the fallacy of the argument of the Bishop of Carlisle. He saya that if wo aro composed of body and spirit, and spirit cm communicate with spirit, we cm only perceive with the physical eye. Thus, if a friend who has become a spirit wishes to announce that ho has been drowned, he can only mako ub understand by actin? on our Bpirit, and so wo seo him as we saw him when ho lived, in his clothes. t- Thus, a ghost appeared to one man with his clothes all wet, and it turned out that he 'had mot, as tho roportors.say, a watery V»""e.' Thoípuzzlo is, how did tho wot» noss, como toxbo addod-in the mind's eyó ?' Ho had novor soon his friend wot. What, is moro, people who aro drowned bathing are not drowned in thoir e'othcs, yot thoir ghosts always appoar to thoir lady-loves docontly attired, and no young woman over yot confessed that sho saw her affianced husband who was drowned appear as n rnkod ghost. It follows, thoroforo, that wo do not soo any- thing that exists, but somothing that is compact of our own imagination, that is, wo do not boo a ghost nt all, on tho Bishop's own showing. As for tho lodyi ghosts thoy nearly always havo a spocial toilotto, und instead of seeing thom patchod, powdorod, mid painted as thoy used to bo, or "swollin' wisibly " as thoir dresses now aro, they haunt old corridors in soft flowing garments, and porform thoir spiriting gracefully. So, it Booms to us'that tho Bishop's illustration fails, and is very unjust to tho legitimate British ghost. Mrs. Oliphant has, howovor, dono n real sorvico to rospoctablo ghosts. lu tho last number of Blacltwood aho has a story about an old lady who mado n will and hid it away, and thus loft a much-lovod god-child in diro poverty and distress. Sho gets permission to return to oa*th and try to tell people whore tho will is. but sho can only maleo hersolf visiblo to a baby aud a little girl, though sho manages to effect tho nor vos of manyporsonsbosides. Tho story is, told vt ith singular clovor noss, though it has ono glaring incon- sistency, and wo neod not say that tho old lady appears in the soft flowing dress that sho used to w oar when alive. As ft mattor of fact, wo should say that in lifo sho would have had on a crinoline, na tho ovonts aro supposed to havo occurred many years ago, but that would havo boon discordant, and Mrs. Olithant is not i tho sort of person to insult a ghoit of any kind, and, abovo all, tho ghost of a, nico old lady. The ghost fails as to' the will, but sho gets pardon from hor god-child, who at last sees her for a moment, and goes back to-woll, tho placo sho carno from, and is content, and tho will is found by nccidont afterwards. Mrs,i Oliphant does not attempt to proveí j anything, 1 but sho ogives tho legitimate gliost'a lift. She docs not assume any such, absurdity as tliatyho ghost can niaterialiso herself, for nil Uio troublo arises from i her not being ablo to do so. Thousands of persons will havo ''creopy' sonsations' after pending this story,, and this will Batisfy all) modórato-mindod ghosts throughout thei Empire. Wo do not see how the Bishop of Carlisle can oxpoct to bo "on friendly terms with the British ghost horeaftor, but wo should not be surprised to hoar'that Mrs. Oliphant is the contre of a circle of admiring ghosts who still survive, -just as tlio author oí^Clarissa Harlowe used to. bo tho centre of- a crowd of admiring women. ' ' _ j The election for Buckingham will take plaoo to-morrow, and wo hopo that tho doctors will not fail to show tho Interest1 in it which its importance warrants. The roturn of oven ono moinbcr to tho ! Legislativo Council is a matter of moment, because questions there aro decided frequently by small majo- rities, and one incompetent member may be the cause of very serious trouble and loss to tho colony. Fpr example, the railwaypolioy was rejected by only a singlo vote last year, and the conscqueuoe was, as ovcrybody knows, great public excitement and tho ne- cessity for a now Session being made. In tho present instance the electors ahould not hayo anydifficultyinmakingaohoico Whatevertho merits of Mr. Solomon may be, and ho may, of, course, have merits M bichare at present blush- ing unseen, ho has done nothing, so far, to warrant his election in the place of so ex- perienced a politician as Mr. P. 0. Fysh. On tho other hand," if Mr.-Solomon Bhould prove, to be no bettor than tho general es- timate of lum, her will i bat add another reactionary and narrow-minded clcmont to the Council, which may again, by a narrow majority, fall into such another error aa that" of the rejootinu of the Railway Bills. Wo may surmise that Mr. Solomon docs not know much about tho questions which a legislative body has to discuss, from tho fact that ho gravely tolls tho electors in his address that the burdon of taxation is now placed solely on property. This wonder-' ful discovery, ono quite startling in its ' novelty, might bo taken for a bit of keon sátiro after tho style of Swift, only,wo cannot bo much as Buspect him of being acquainted w ith that master of tho satirical method. Most persons think that tho taxes on almost everything con- sumed by the working classes throw tho burden of supporting the Government mainly on themî and^hat,property has continued, bo far, to talco very good care of itself, and does not require any further- protection. This ono example of Mr. Solomon's idea of political economy ought to bo sufficient to settle tho position which ho will occupy, for it serves to show that ho has not mastered ono.,of the simplest of truths about the _ incidence of taxation. Apart, how- ever, from this, thcro can bo no com- parison between tho two candidates. Mr. Fysh'has done the State .some sorvice. Be has 'shown that he is capablo of dealing with public questions/ Ho has filled various responsible postiona with credit to himself. If Mr, Solomon has any claims to bo1 returned, they ought not, cer- tainly, to havo any weight ob against Buch a public man as the one whom he opposes, and the opposition to whom seems to bo quite uncalled for at tho present time. We think it highly improbablo that a majority of tho electors will be found to stultify themsolves in the way Mr.-Solomon desires, and there can bo little or no doubt as to what the re- sult of the voting will bo. Still, it is tho duty of the electors to take caro to 'rec'ord_ thoir votes to morrow, as apathy in exor- cising a public duty often leads to deplorable consequences, ' and repentance comes too late. ' *_ i I Nominations for the extraordinary vacancy in tho City Council, caused by tho resigna- tion of Alderman Davies, munt bo modo by noon on Monday next, and there is, there- fore, but a very short timo for the selection of candidates. So far, very little interest appears to be taken in the election. .This may arise from the fact, that there was some doubt as to whether tho seat was really vacant, as the resignation was not accepted until some time after it had been formally given in. The notice from tho Mayor, who is tho returning officer, of course puts an end to all doubt, and it is the duty of the citizens to at once take the necessary steps to get suitable candidates for tho vacant seat. Wo need not, wo aro suro, dwell upon the necessity of good and true men being asked to como forward, for wo may assume that tho citizens are fully awaro of the importance of the election, and aro ready and willing to do what is required. The City Council has this year a compara- tively large sum of money to spend, many important works will bo undertaken, and there can be no doubt that many questions will arise as to when and how the money shall be lnid out." , This being tho case, it is veryj'dosirablo*. that > men in' whom, tho, cltUfons generally hnvcjiil! confidcncojbolild bo induced to como forw^il.vjnorder' that the very best ability may be nt tho Borvico of the city. Up to tho present titno \io<,havo ¡'not heard 'much said about tho election, but sou-o liamos havo been mentioned, amongst which there aro somo that, wo"aro sure, will bo regarded as thoso of suitablo men. Tho names that wo havo heard are, Mr. M. Seal, Mr. G. Hiddlostone, and Mr. A. Crisp. Amongst thesa ¡Mr. Seal appears to be io gaidcd with tho most favour, and, If ho can bo induced to como forward, ho will, no doubt, rocoivo very general support. Wo may expect, howovor, that in the courso of to-day and to-morrow matters will toko a moro definite shapo, bo that wo shall bo able to an nomico positively who is in tho field. Wo only hopo that citizons gonorally will not allow tho election to go by default, and that thoy will take tho proper stops to bring out tho most suitablo men. Heavy Press ok Matter.-In conao quenco of extremo pressure on our advertis- ing columns, wo havo been compelled to hold ovor for several ¡»sues much interesting read- ing matter in typo, possibly to tho disap. , pointment of our contributors and correspon- dents. To malí o amends'we shall to morrow issuo a doublo paper, of eight pages, and hopo, to thiiB clear up at least a portion of present arrears. ' Cable News.-Tho Consorvativoa in England do no intend to lot tho proposed oxtension of tho frauchiso throughout Great Britain bo cairiod into'effect without a I Btrngglo. Tho Marquis of Salisbury, ad- dressing a public meeting nt Chelsea, has declared that ¡ the Conservatives will appeal to tho people oi tho thrco kingdoms before consenting ,to tho bill for tho equalisation' of tho franchisa bo coming law. Tin in the London market has receded to £83 (is., which is 20s. per ton less than tho < previous quotation cabled on tho 10th hist. * Tho Suoz Canal share- holders havo, aftor stormy discussion, ad ooptcd tho terms of the Convention made between M. Lcssops and British shipowners, Lord Rcay has declined the Govornnorship of Victoria, and tho oflico is Btill going a-bogging. A political ciisis pre- vails in Norway, the King1 appai entry being in antagonism with his Ministers. Nowa from Egypt states that on Wednesday General Graham had taken up à position within a milo of Osman Digna's entrench- ments,- and- intended" tormako "ari"Tittack thereon at daybreak yesterday. , No now s of tho engagement has yet como to hand. Tho i.ippdiutmont of a Governor at Khartoum is still a matter of diplomatic correspondence botwoen the Egyptian Government and General Gordon. Intercolonial Files.-The following filos of intercolonial newspapers aro to hand : Victoria, 28th ult. to 11th inst.; Now South Wales, 27th ult. to 8tli inst.; South Aus- tralia, 24th i ult. to 8th inst. ;. Que jnaland, 21th ult.'to 8th inst.; Now Zealand, 20th ult. to 6th inst. j Western Australia, 7th ult. to 2Gth ult.J . - -' J ; Municipal- Tho Council will meeton Mon- day next, 17th inst, at tho Municipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'clock, when tho following business will have "Consideration, besides subjects that may roquiro' prompt attention during tho sitting :-Reports from the various committees, as follows - Public WorltB : On letter from Mr. E. J. ltegors1, asking the council1 to'i-o-con'sidor their de- cision with refcrenco to footpath in Letitia street ; on letter from Mr. T. Bennett, ask- ing permission to orcct a' signboard in Bathurat-streot ; on letter from Mr. J. P. Boxall, calling attention to surfaco drain in Croinw ell-street, Battery Poiut ; on letter from Mr. Jpsoph, White, with roferonco to tho 'flagging in front of his premises, 123, Liverpool street. Markets: On letter from Mr. .f. F. Strutt, asking for "a return of portion of tho,sum paid by the Sailors' Homo Committee for tho uso'of tho Exhibition building ; on letter from Messrs. C. E. Knight and Co., asking for repairs to a cor tain portion of tho -Now Market. Town Hall : On lotter from Mr. T. J. Haywood, asking for the uso of tho Town Hall assembly room at n reduced rato. Whole Council : On.lottor from Mr. Chas. A. Gucsdon, on tho Bubjoct of traffic tramways for Hobart ; reception of tenders, No. 8 contract, out- lying Btreets., .-i<*. , I Comba Elections,.-Mr. G. Hiddlestono announces himself as candidato for tho scat in the Municipal Council, rendered vaomt by the resignation of Mr. G. Davies. Nomi-1 nations for this office will bo received up to noon on Monday, 17th ins t., and' tho elec- tion will be hold On tho fe Ho wing Thursday.. Mr. Joseph Solomon publishes his address to tho electors of Buckingham-tas a candidate to lill tho vacancy in the Legislative ,Coun cil canscd by tho doimsa of the recant repre- sentativo of that district. .Ho 'cornes for- ward in opposition to, Mr. P. 0. Fysh, who has previously .aufiSmiccd, lils'candidature. The nominations oftyotli candidates ha/o been officially! announced, and-the polling for election takes place to'inoriow. | Fire Brioade Hoards.-Tho first hoards appointed in accordance with tho provisions -of tho Fire Brigades Act, passed last session, have now been completed. On the Ilobart board, tho Government is represented by Mr. B. T. Solly, the City Council by Alder- men Bolbin and Haihottla, and the Insur- ance Co.'s by Messrs. John Roberts and C. M. Maxwell. On the Launceston hoard, the Government is represented by Mr. F. Belstead, tho Town Council byAldcrmon Douglas and Carter, and the Insurance ,00.'« by Messrs. Edgell and Weedou. . | Macquarie. - A Gazette Extraordinary issued yesterday contained tho valuation roll for Macquarie I The Late Mrs. Coi'PINO_Tho funeral of this old lady, who died suddenly at the residence of har, boc, Captain Richard Copping, on Friday last, at the advanced agof of 98, was the largest which has ever takon' place at Coppington, Sorell. In our obituary on Monday the name of Governor Arthur appears instead of Governor Sorell, in whoso household the lato lato Mrs. Copping, as well as her husband, wcro good and faithful ser- vants during his Governorship of Tasmania, from 1817 until Governor Arthur's arrival in 1824\. j i ', . I Illness of Inspector Doran.-The many friends of Mr. Alfred Doran, Inspector .of Schools under the Board of Education, will learn with regret that he is dangerously ill. Having become seriously indisposed last Wednesday, Mr Doran came up to town from Southport yesterday, on board the S.S. Pearl. On his arrival here he was met-by-his father and Dr.-Perkins, whom he accompanied, to the Criterion Hotel. Whilst there he grew worse, and Dr. Perkins had him conveyed to the General Hospital, where there are, of course, greater facili- ties for careful,nursing and medical atten- tion. On enquiry at a late hour last,night, we ascertained that Mr. Doran was in a very critical condition. His, brain is af- fected, in consequence of either sunstroke or over-anxiety in connection with his pro- fessional duties, most probably the latter. ! Educational Appointment.-Tho Dum 'fries and Galloway Standard, for January 6, states that, "Mr. James Longmoro, who for tho paBt few years has been tho efficient superintendent of our local Industrial School, has just been offered by the Govornmcnt of Tasmania tho governorship of the recently erected national reformatory for hoyB, situ- ated at Hobart, the capital of that beautiful colony. Tho establishment will accommo- date upwards of 200 boys, and is the only institution of its kind in Tasmania," Readers of this In Tasmania will be amused at tho grandiloquenco which exalts a super- intendent to tho rank of " governor," and they will wonder also why the authorities hero have gone so far afield to find a person on whom to bestow tho appointment. Mr. C. Hall, of the Murray-street Free School, has sedulously and efficiently performed the duties of the office to which a stranger has" now been appointed, and wo know of |ao reason why no might not havo been per- mitted te continue to do fso, with credit to liimnplf nnrl nrnfifc to thn nnlnnv Barristers' and Attornevs' Act.-To- morrow, 15th inst., candidates for tho July examination under this Act must enter their names on tho customary list. Waste op Water.-It is time that the Waterworks department had ita attention directed to the leakage that has boon allowed to continue for at least three weeks in the vicinity of Bertram's, in Fitzroy-placo. The residents in the locality complain that their supply of water has been very limited while tho leakage has existed, and express the hopo that the matter will bo attended to without any further delay. Volunteer Firing Competition.-The firing for tho Criterion Cup will tako place to-morrow afternoon. Three-Hot Point Regatta.-Tho pro- gramme of this annual event will bo found in another column. ' It comprises seven events, and liberal prizes are offered. Tho regatta takes places on Monday next, 17th inst. Allkord Fraudulent Bankuuitot, The Polico Magistrate (Mr. W.. Tarloton) waa ongaged alldny yostorday at tho City 1'ollco Court In licaring.a chaigo of "fraudu* lent bankruptcy against.. Clmrloa Perkins, lato storekeeper in Campbell Town. Tho prosecution waa founded on oortaln facts which woro elicited at tho public examina- tion of tho bankrupt. It was alleged that Perkins, previous to becoming insolvent, in- structed ono of his employ ces, named Doran, ¡ to tuko a number of articles away from the premisos, mid that ho had obtained accom- modation from Mcssi'B, P. 0. Fysh and Co., j on tim pretenco that ho was solvent, and could realise £500 at any moment. Tho witness Doran, who seemed to havo been imbibing rather freely, gavo ovldcnco to the effect that ho lind talton articles away from accused's premises, but that when ho (wit- ness) left Campbell Town ho returned tho goods to Perkins. Tho Polico Mngiatrato found that there was not sufficient cvidcuico to establish the charge of accused having fraudulently disposed of goods, but found that thero was a strong caso of bim having obtained goods from Messrs. P. 0. Fysh and Co, on falso protonccs. On that ground tho caso would havo to go further, and bo placed undor tho consideration of a grand jury. Bail wbb fixed at two surotios of £100 oach. ! Mayor's Court.-His Worship the Mayor mid Alderman Marsh occupied tho Bench nt this court yesterday. F. Thornhill, of High-¡ Btrcot, for allowing a dog to bo at largo was finod 5s. and . costs.1 Jamos Brndloy, of Molvillo-streot, was charged with having dnmnccd tho footway in Bathuist-strcot, by throwing a load of wood thereon. Tho offenco waa proved and tho dofondant was ordered to pay 5b. and costs, and 10s. for damages. I Bbllkrive Police Court.-Thoro 'was not any sitting of this court yesterday. i Glenorchy General Sessions.-At tho Glonoroh General' Sessions yesterday tho bench was'occupied by Mr.'Murray (tho Warden), and Messrs. S. P. H. Wright mid H, Wellor, J.'s.P. An action waa raised at tho instance of Jeremiah Pratt against Emma Perkins, about a goat which it was alleged had been illegally dotaiuod by the dofondant. Tho amount Bued for was £4, tho goat being valued at £2, and tho damages for its detention being laid at n similar amount. Mr. A. J. Robertson appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Charles Ball for tho defendant. From tho evidence' it appeared that tho détendant had givon tho goat to plaintiff's daughter about two yeais ago, on tho condition that it should bo kept tied up. This condition, however, was not carried out, and the animal always getting into defen- dant's garden and doatroying tho plants, she recaptured and detained the erring animal. Mr. Ball pointed out that plaintiffs daughter was tho owner of tho animal, and thattlicro foro tho caso must lapso. Tho Bench conj currcd with this view, and tho caso was dis- missed. AUGUSTA ROAD TRUST.-A meeting of the Augusta Road Trust was held last evening at New Town, when the secretary an- nounced that in consequenco of continued ill health Mr. William Giblin had been ob- liged to resign his position as chairman of the trust. Mr. Giblin, it was stated, had been connected with the road trust since 1866, and was appointed chairman in 1871, a position which he had all along filled with tact and ability. A resolution was unani- mously passed expressing regret at the cause of Mr. Giblin's resignation, aud hoping that his health would be speedily restored. Tho resiguation being accepted under. 33 Victoria, nunibor 8, section 24, tho trustees had power to elect a member in his stead, and Mr. W. Andrewartha was unanimously appointed. This was all the business, and the board adjourned. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-A meeting of tho Executive Committee of the Benovolent Society was held yesterday afternoon at the office', Bathurst-streot. ' Mr. Mather pre- sided, and thero were also present Messrs. J, Withrington, W. F. Browncll, J. G. Parker, and James Murdoch. The minutes of last meoting were read and confirmed. It .was reported hy Mr. Witt that 20 oases and 120 individuals had been relieved dm inn the past week, with 25 full aud four half rations. Tho return from tho Invalid Dopot, Now Town, showed that seven males and ono female had been discharged since last meet- ing. Tho other business was of no public Interest. , Police Buildings at Jerusalem.-Visi- tors to Jerusalom yesterday, who had not hoforo inBpocted that township, wcro much surprised at tho dilapidated appearaneo of tho buildings whloh.'do duty for polico quarters, gaol, court-house, otc.' Thoy aro sadly out of repair, and havo altogether an appearance quito ancient enough for tho holy city itself. Moro than onco the oflcdt of the weather on tho ruined tenement has compelled tho magistrates to hold tho polico court in a public-house. A sum of money has already been voted by Parliamont to carry out tho necessary repairs, and though tho local residents aro quito ready to oxouse tho 'Public Works Oflico on account of the many calls ou its resources, thero seems to bo urgent need of this work being efibctod before the winter sets in. I Mr, Booth, the Blue Ribbon Advo- cate.-A report was current yesterday that Dr. Benjafield had received a cable message from Molbourno announcing tho death of Mr. Booth, tho Bluo Ribbon Advocate. On making cnqqlrios, wo find,that tho,report is absolutely without foundation, though, wo regret to say, Mr. Booth's state of health la still1 precarious. , ' . Presbyterian Glebe -A mooting'of leaseholders of tho Presbyterian Globe will ho held at tho Ocean Child Hotel, at 8 o'clock this evening, to talco into consideration tho opening of Globe street, which is partly closed by a f onoo. ,_ I ' Southern Hunt Club.-A general meet- ing of members will bo hold at tho Oatlands Hotel at 11 o'clock this morning. ! The Bourke Sheffield Grand Handi- cap.-Particulars of this pedestrian event, which will como off in May noxt, appear in pur advertising columns. Prize money to the amount of 300 sovs. will bo given, and tho competition is open to all comers. Proposed GunCluíi at Oatlands.-At 0 o'clook this evening a mooting will bo hold at tho Oatlands .Hotel in connection with tho formation of a Gun Club at Oatlands. ' Cricket Association.-A meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association was hold last ovening, at tho lower ground, when tho plana for tho "public refreshment room at tho new ground wero agreed to. Tho hon. Boorotary (Mr. J. G. Davies) was in- structed to ascertain tho probable cost of tho erection. It was intimated that the now colours of the association (bluo and gold), which was agrcod upon Some time ago, had arrived, and would bo worn for the firet ,timo at tho match which r is to bo played at Hobart on Easter Saturday and Monday, botweon teams'roprcsonting North and South Tas- mania. A vote of thanks was awarded to Mr. A. J. Chapman, for acting ob secretary during the absence of Mr. Davies in New 7nnlnn,] Cricket.-Tho,final cup, match. between tlio Wellington and_tho Break o'Dày plubs, commcnccdlast Saturday, will bo continued on the upper' Association "ground to-morrow afternoon, at 2 o'clock sharp. Tho gamo at present 'stands- Wellington, first ' innings, 108;¡ 'Break o'Dày, first' inning's, '26. At Now Town, the return match between the Buburbantarid'the Strahan clubs« will bo finished, wickets' to. bo ¡pitched at 2 p.'m. Lost Saturday Now Town scored 89, and 28 for seven wickets ; and Strahan 39 in its first attempt. On the lower Association ground ? tho second, elevens of the Wellington and Break o'Day clubs meet for their .return game, the following .being tho , respectivo elevens ;- ' Wellington ; Hannaford, Fitz- gerald,- O. 'Harrison; F. Harwood, C. Kean, Jones, Piesse, C, Hammond, J. Reid, E. Burgess, V. Norman. Break o Day : Rev. J, V.Buckland. Rev. J'. C. Mace, H. Smith, W. D. Edn-ondBon, W. C. Walch, H. Clerk, W. Cutmear, S. T. Tinning, C. Harrison, C. Clerk. Ml Butler.'. Tamar Regatta.-An object of much in- terest will bo'on view in Mr. Golding'B window iu Livorpool-stroet to-day, in the form of a handsome prizo cup, which Mr. A. J. Hall has' very generously presented to tho Tamar Regatta Committee, as a prize to bo competed for in the yacht race. Tho cup, which is of solid silver, inlaid with gola, mounted on an ebony stand, and covered with a gla ~~and, apart from Us intrinsic value, which is something substantial, is in every respect a handsomo and appropriate trophy. It was made in Melbourne, and the standard metal of which it is composed waa obtained by Mr. Hall direct from the Victorian mint. It is a matter of regret that no yacht from tho Derwent will take part in tho race for this prizo, which is a special feature in the pro- gramme of the forthcoming regatta. A Theatrical Law Suit.-Mr. Fleming Norton, who gives public entertainments after tho Macabe stylo-somo say a very long way after-has commenced an action against Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove, for breach of agreement, and the firm named havo begun an action against Mr. Norton for a similar cause of action. Both cases are set down for hearing at tho approaching civil'Bittings of the Supremo Court at Melbourne. The agreement be- tween Mr. Norton and Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrovo was made in London, on tho 2nd August, 1833, and committed to j , paper. Tho suhstnnco of it was that j | Morton should leave for Australia not lntor I than tho Oth September, and to givo his eor- j vices to Williamson, Garner, aim Musgrove on tho continent of Australia for 13 weeks, and to próvido a drcssor and pianist for himself. Ile was to appear for tho first thro in Slelbourno on tho evening of Derby Day. Ho was to receive £50 a wook salary of 13 weeks, hut was not to bo paid for timo spent in travelling, which however, was not lo oxoecd n weeli at a timo. At tho and for 13 weeks, Norton was to continuo his services for 13 weeks moro, and to receive instead of his salary, one-third of tho proceeds of his entertainments. Norton was to havo tho solo salo 'of tho books of his entertainment. Williamson, Garner, ami Musgrovo agreed to pay for a first class faro for Norton from London to Holbourne, and second-class faros for his drcssor and pianist. Tho breaches of the agreement alleged by Mr. Norton aro that ho was not provided with a piano in certain country towns ; that ho waB not paid his salary for the 2nd and Oth January, 1884 ; that tho carrlago of his luggago from town to town was not paid for; that ho was not allowed to 'go on with his ontertaiument on tho 14th Jaunary ; and that ho was, wrongfully dismissed without Wil- liamson, Garner, and Musgrovo declaring tho ngrcomcut at an end. The breaches of agreement alleged by Williamson, Garner, and Musgrovo against Mr. Norton aro that ho did not próvido BCcnory for his enter- tainment in certain country towns, and that ho did not perform at Albury on tliroo respqetivo nights, nor at Wagga Wagga on another night namod. Mr.' Norton claims £050 damages, and Messrs. Williamson, Garner, aud Musgrove, £7ß0. An application has been made on behalf of Messrs. Williamson Garner and Musgravo, for a commission to examino in London certain persons said to bo material witnesses, i and that tho, trial of both actions should bo postponed until the return of tho [com- mission. Mr. Norton's couiiBol resist this , application, on tho pica that their client , ought not to bo detained six months in tho , colony. Tho application baa boon adjourned* Workinu lip A Surnusi:.-Tho other day, says an Auckland paper, a gontleman pasting down Wellcsloy-stroot West, mot alad of<12,or 13 .years toiling up tho hill, dragging, by a rough halter, a steed, by the sido of whoso pronounced leanness Don Quixote's RoBinanto' would' havo appeared corpulent. Ita ribs protruded on oitnor sido Uko tho timbers of a vessel on tho stocks, it wheazed with scpulclual hollowncss, and languidly tottered from Bide to sido as if ovcry movement was to bo its last. As- tounded by tho sight of such nu equine phenomenon, tho padestrian accosted tho youngster, mid enquired whero ho ihad picked up tho famino-strickcu boast. Tho Ïortiig Bhavor smilingly leplied that ho liad cou at ' a horso auction salo, and Und- ing 'that tho price of tho animal was likely to bo within . his means, ho bought him for 15s. as a birthday present ¡for his father. In answor to further ques- tions, ho said that his .parents wcio quito ignorant of his intentions, and then added that ho | waa, hurrying home to givo thom nu ngreeablo surprise wliilo thoy wcro at their,tea. Tho only faults ho ltad Milli his piirohaso woro that it was awfully Wy and rather thin.. -Ho then resumed his I journey, paiufully hauling tho debilitated bruto nftor him, and tho traveller went on his way conjuring up viaiona of tho^rooep tion that would bo given tho sanguino youngater and his birthday present. Tho cuso, , however, is tinnscended by that of the gang of young larrikins who somo time ago clubbed togothor their ponce and bought, for 3s. Od., a horso blind of ono eyo, halt of ono. foot, and considerably diseased, which thoy iodo almost to death, and then turned out to'giass on tho Sunoy Hills estate. i Tue Labour Qulstion.-Tho advocates of rcasonablo lloma for labour mid fail wages will learn with pleasure that tho London Standard marvels that it should bo necessary at this timo of day to proclaim such truths as that tiicie ia a species of cheap labour which ia in Reality very dear, and that the value of a man's work is by ne means mcasurod by tho number of hours during which ho ia ongagod in it. There could bo no greater mistake than to assume that long hours and diminished wagoe result in economy. In tho ond it is the most expensive method that could be followed, i Mr. Fawoott,, not in his capacity as a political economist alone, but in hh capacity as tho hoad of tho great Govern mont department, has declared " that o cheerful and' contented servico " is not merely tho most efficient servico, but, because it is tho most efficient, it is also tho cheapest. 'What Is tho value of tho ¡about of a man, jaded1 and ovorburdoncd by 11, 12, and 13 hours'.work, in an 'atmosphere that is not by any means too healthy, in i comparison willi that of tho man who goo* to his eight or uino hours' duties, with mind and body refreshed, and abovo all things, without tho consciousness that ho is boing ill-used by too exacting employers ? Tub French Récidivistes.-The Paris correspondent of ttia South Australian Jtcyis ter, writing on'Fobruary 1, says.--"The bill as voted by the Chamber proposed the Marquesas and tho'island of rim'Quoo ás places for tho transported convicts, But in au intorviow with tho commission the'day before yostorday, M. Fnvro, tho Under Soarctnry.of State for the Colonies, said that the Government could not accept the two last-mentioned places, as thoy wera unfit for penal settlements. ' Tho Government pro- posed to sand to Now Calodonia transported convicts v ho havo a trade, and who would be demanded by the colonists, Thoy would bo subjected to a not very stringent supervi- sion, i M.'Favro thinks that their numbera would not exceed a fifth of tho total number transported to Guiana. The Government estimates that the number transported the first year would bo, 5,000, tho Bccond year 4,000, and tho t|i¡rd year 3,000. Tho ex- penso of transporting and maintaining them tho first year would bo nino million francs. But fivo million francs would be saved by their absenco from French prisons." Of trio accused'brought before tho French tri- bunals' 87'por cent., aro récidivistes. Tito B.s.i Minx will tako excursionists to tho Throo Hut Point regatta on St. Patrick's Day/ . I A Court of Special General Sessions will bo hold at Bollorivo'on tho 27th Inst». to hear appeals against tho assessment roll for the municipality of Clarence. . ' Tho Government offices atJLnuncoston will be closed on tho 17th inst, and a bank holi- day will bo proclaimed at Launceston, Long- ford,-and Doloraino/on tho occasion of tho Tamar regatta. ' "I ' i Miss Bliss, of' tho London' Missionary Society, will address a mooting of ladies only at tho Memorial Church this ovening. ' I The Hutchins School swimming races will bo hold at tho Sandy Bay baths to- morrow.1 Thos.s.'Pinaforo will not Icavo for Tasmania Peninsula until Sunday, returning on tlio following Tuesday. I ? Subscriptions and contributions nro^n vitod for tho gift'auction in nid of St. Paul's Church and parsonago at Glenorchy. ' . Tho steamer Monarch will maleo an excur- sion to Now Norfolk on Wodncsdny noxt.tlio lfltliinst., leaving the Franklin Wharf at 9 o'clock in tho morning. j ! esr Wo havo been ' requested by ¡Messrs. Gucsdon and Westbrook to draw tho atten- tion of purchasers to tho Balo of two stacks hay at tho Elwick rncocourso, which takes placo at thoir mare, TllLS DAY, at 11 o'clock, sharp.-[Advt] - | esr Wo havo beon requested by Messrs. Gucsdon and Westbrook to draw tho atten- tion of purchasers to salo of 2!) »haros in tho Tasmanian Steam Navigation Co., which tokos placo at tlioir mart, This Day, nt 12 o'clock sharp.-[Advt.] j 