THE PARLIAMENT. ECHOES FROM THE SMOKING ROOM. I By a Scribbler, I "The Legislative Council Chamber is dreary. If 1 had to preach a funeral sermon ; if I could choose the preaching-place; if 1 wished to call iu the assistance of suitable accessories to more fully recommend my ora tory, I would select that Chamber. 1 would give it the preference over a burial vault. A rustic graveyard, canopied by dark • greeu leaves, reputed exercising ground for troubled ghosts—this gloomy place at dead of stormy night, when bpectres play fantastic pranks, whilst the gale makes ^Eolian harp strings of their bleached-white ribs and toughened tendons, and moans and shrieks as if with pain at the recoil of the leaves which it so tiercely lashes—a rustic graveyard is not half so solemn as the Council Chamber is. The one is dreary, but romantic; the other never. It has not anything to lighten up its sadnesB and itB gloom. Its walls are always bilious in their looks, and long ago through ague-shakings needed bracing of their sides by iron rods. Its leaden-coloured galleries ever yawn, and the clock below has a per petual dew upon its face, suggesting the quaint idea that the gallery is of the ogre kind, that that clock is its single eye, and that its constant tearfulness is caused by the incessant gaping of its owner. Even the hands of the moist-faced clock shiver as they move from point to point. The dingy damask fronting the reporters' vaults is faded, thin, and torn in several parts, as though the con stantcoldvt hichracks the other portions of the House had Bettled chiefly there, and paled its face, and split it up by coughing. Excess of draughty air has blown the hirsute orna ments from nearly all the older members' heads; not one seems regularly free from cough or hoarseness; and—with walls so dreary, and speeches .so weary, and seats so cheerless, and pictures so faded, and members so prosy, and all so dead, and so dark, and so cold—you might search the world over and never discover another such wearisome place!" There; I may as well run in, if the Editor will permit me, this quaint description of the Council Hall, be it true or falie, or war ranted or not. It is not often you can get a legislator of that type to pen his burning thoughts, and when he deigns to do so he should surely be encouragd. I don't quite see how the wind can play with the ribs of a sjiectre. I did not even know that spectres had ribs; but the sentiment is poetical, and therefore right, no doubt. Personally I am not very well acquainted with the Council Chamber. I only know that when I enter it I'm bound to shiver and to sneeze. The Oracle has instructed me to say some thing about the chief members who debated taxation last week. He says they have not been honoured with sufficient notice by the Room. Some have, but not all. One of the former is Mr. Rankine, of whom a full length picture has been painted. That worthy gentleman's friends have not done him full justice in their estimates of him in the past. They bave not credited him with sufficient modesty; but as a fact he is modest —very. In the course of the debate he ad vanced some really startling propositions in political economy—propositions quite new ; but when the Press gave him the honour due to him as their revealer, he blushed, and his too great diffidence com pelled him to say that they were old. This is self-depreciatory modesty. It abides by all profound thinkers. It stuck to Goethe and Mill and Adam Smith, by whom Mr, Rankine swears. But even to Smith — great political economist that be was—Wednesday's proposition of our South Australian thinker was unknown. Search Adam's writings from gilt title to flourished " Finis," and you will fail to find note of the revelation that you could best help the working man and adjust the inci dence of taxation by putting an import duty upon meat, If this is not new political economy, what heights or depths shall we explore to find the point at which it first was known before? No; Rankine's is the idea; Rankine's be its honour. Mr. Hay was one of the principal speakers. He has greatly improved since the proud day when the English and American magazines honoured him and South Australia by print ing one of bis orations under the head of " A Representative Australian Orator." He has not retained possession of all the native graces which characterized that earlier effort, but what he has lost in that way he has gained in extra force and vigour. His speech on Wednesday was perhaps the beat de livered. He had well loaded himself with facts and with figures, and he fired them off | with a good aim. Mr. Salom was instructive, but amusing. His delivery is good ; lie is fluent and hard headed and practical. It is clear that when he was in England he went to Gladstone and learnt of him, and sat at the feet of some other Gamaliel, and opened his ears and worked his brain. A colonist who takes a lively interest in the colony which has done so well for him, he deserves to be and is a leading member of the Council. When another Government representative is wanted in that House the name of Salom will be amongst the first suggested. But its owner, with all his excellencies, lacks one thing. He needs terseness. He is too prolix. He has all the verbosity of Gladstone, but not all the solid flavouring. Mr. Salom—so to illustrate my yioint—puts a thimbleful of sound sense into a half pint glass and fills the rest of the Bpace with water. Mr. Gladstone's tumbler is not leBS full—nay, it has besides a foaming head on—but no drop of water is employed. Mr. Ramsay is all the better for being out of office. His retirement suits the colony and himself admirably, and he suits that re tirement. Soorates had a notion that every man made mistakes; but Socrates did not know Mr. Ramsay. He is a gentle man who is never wrong. If a state ment he makes sounds incorrect, that is due to the acouBtic sins of the Chamber. If a figure he uses is proved to be inaccurate, it was an unfortunate printer's error. He is a peculiar speaker. The fashion of his oratorical architecture is unique in its way, and the method of building his word piles is altogether queer. When he talks he wanders and he jerks. He begins one thing at the start, drops it_ half done, and returns not to it till decay has caused it to crumble away. He rears hiB chimney first and lays down half the foundations. Then he puts in the front door and paints and grains it. Next he ruus posts and rails around the block, and absent mindedly puts up a " To let" notice before he remembers that a chimney and a gorgeous door ate not sufficient shelters againBt the summer beat and winter cold. When he would complete the erection time has not yet shown. The Room has been heard to expresB the hope that he will improve in speaking ere he again assumes the cares of office. Ishmael has been known to add that in that event he need not trouble to hurry his studies. He can be deliberate Mr. Spence is a shrewd man and an able one, butnis oratory has scarcely a dangerous fascination about it. He has a very good sort of voice, but he does not give it a free rein. He holds it in, and it audibly grumbles at the restraint. His attitude commands attention for him. He gets up and stands in the classically correct posture which most gentlemen assume when they walk ux>on the deck of a yacht which the sportive waves toss. He rises suddenly as though an invisible wire from the top of the roof had jerked him thitherward; he looks at the President in an irresistibly comical way; he twists his tongue, and he gives a prefatory wink. Yes, he unmistakably, wickedly, Actually, roguishly winks; and when a gentleman observes with proper em phasis that the finances of this colony of our j are in a deplorable condition, and then im pressively shuts one eye and opens the other and winks, I beg leave to remark that that gentleman is simply irresistible. Mr Spence speaks as naturally as one child to another on the playground; and he is lis tencd to for that if for no other reason, though his jerky style somewhat discounts the effect. That style reminds me of one of those new - fangled telescope fishing- rods, with about half a dozen jointB fitting into each other, till it looks like an innocent walking-stick. You have to blow it out joint by joint. So with Mr. Spence. He lays down a proposition to sup port him. It seems complete in itself, and you regard it as an oratorical walking-cane used to fortify his assertion in its progress to proof. But watch him, please. He sways towards the chairback; he lurches towards the President; he makes the half of a letter S with his left little finger; he hooks it with his right little finger; he winks again; he unhooks his fingers and fishes for his spec tacles with them; be catches the gold rimmed glasses and waves them triumphantly on high; he drops them; he knocks the heads of his forefingers together: he winks a third time; he wmks a fourth time; he puffs out his cheeks; he says a word or two; and, lo 1 the proposition is ex tended. A second joint is blown slowly out. In an instant he enlarges; and a third section, and a fourth, and a fifth dart forth; and behold the walking-stick has become a fishing-rod. Then he harks back. He restates his first proposition with a startling sudden ness. Or, to put the matter otherwise, he closes up the fishing-rod with a snap; His other peculiarity is a fondness for varying his speeches and their matter. One colour—one style—are not enough. If he were a fence-painter his pickets would probably rejoice in all the hues of the rainbow. But while the Room smiles at Mr. Spence good-humouredly, it smiles with him. It knows that he is a use ful man, and it respects him accordingly. He is not quite bo universal a genius as others—Mr. Cotton to wit, and being humbler he is less reviled. Mr. Cotton is none other than when last the Oracle's man date went forth; but he iB the victim of a misunderstanding. Other honourable gentle men who envy his pat periods will persist in saying that he reads his speeches. He has protested—tearfully, with all the force turned on to his plaintive voice, protested— againBt the libel, but without effect. It sticks. Perhaps it gains believers because Mr. Cotton never speaks unless he has several sheets of foolscap right under his nose and waving in his hand. But that is only a way he has of gaining inspiration. The paper has merely cabalistic figures upon it—not writing. It iB a sort of Abracadabra. He only holds it so that it may act as a soundboard—so that his voice striking against it may leap with renewed spring towards the Press Gallery. That is all Let libellers be hushed ! 