FOOTBALL GOSSIP. By Goal Post. There was a very fair attendance on tbe South Melbourn e Cricket Gronnd, where tbe local team were being opposed by the Mel bourne for the second time this season : the first game ended tu a win for the tormer by 3 goals to 1, but opinions were pretty evenly divided a?? to the ultimate result of Saturday's match. The South woo the to?s, and thereby secured a valuable ally iu the shape of a nice northerly wind, of which they took advantage bv selecting the southern goal to kick at. The Melbourne, however, started off with a rush that augured well for their success, aud to the a&tomshuieiit; of the local supporters soon had a couple of behind to their credit from shots at goal ; the Southerners, however, man aged to free their quartern, and commenced an attack at the other eud. which was defended in capital style, but shortly after tbe Red« worked it forward again, anil to the delight of their supporters managed to scorea goal. This had a beneficial effect on the play of the local uien, who uow rallied np, and soon astonished the spectators by ratlliug up a score of four goals within a quarter of an hour, the game at half time showing 4 goals and 5 behinds to Melbourne's 1 goal and 4 behinds. During the second half the Melbourne played a very good uphill game, but their luck was de cidedly bad. as several easy shots for goal were obtained j but only one proved successful, thus leaving vjctory ouce more with the .South' bv 4 goals 3 behinds to 2 goats II behinds. The winners were in very fine form; in fact, butter tiiau they have yet been ibis ea-;oa ; but they indulged rather too freely in tbe reprehensible practice of holding the hall too long, thereby causing endless scrimmages and waste of time. Taken on the whole, however, the game was of a inost interesting and exciting description. »r£CTi.\r> the downfall of the (jeeloug for the first time this season is a feather in the cap of the Soutb BalJarat, who are to be heartily congratulated on their victory, &s; the " cracks seemed to have had the best of the game and the scoring up to half-time ; vet the local moo stuck to their task maufully, and fairly worked their op ponents out, thus wioi ir.c asjilcndidlv -contested game by G goals 9 behind to 6 goals 17 behinds. Of curse uutnerou excuses are oflorcd ; hut as there was a very good team sent up to uphold the credit of the Geeloog, and uo fault could he found with their play (except in kicking for goals), the winners deserre every credit for their meritorious performance. The Carlton again showed up well in their match agaiust th« Essendon, and, though tbe latter were ibrtuuato enough in haviog a cur- plus of goals at the termination of tho uarae, it was tho only poiut in which tbrv excelled their ojiponcuts. Tho play was very good on both -ides, aud the number of behluds scored shows that tho bail was kept travelling pretty evenly between ouc eud of the gruuud and the other. The winner bad 1G ncbinib and the Carlton 11), whil-t the uuuitier of goals obtained were ooly 3 to 1, plainly pointing to the fact that goal- bickers arc badly ucedrd in both teams. The Hoibam played 23 of the Royal Park, and had vcrv little difficulty in scoring a vic tory, notwithstanding the haudicap, by 5 goal.-; 9 behind to 1 goal 4 behind. After the good show Williamstown made against Gecloug it was naturally .anticipated that the Fiuroj would hare their work cut out for them if they wished to keep up their repu tation, but the match proved about the most one-sided affair of the seas'in, the visitor? never scoring even a behind against Fitzroy's 5 goals and 12 behind?. This may partly be accounted for by the fact that several of the losing team seemed more intent ou playing for their op ponents than for the ball. The Football .Association had a busy night ol it last Friday, rhnith, of the Carltou, was hauled over the coals fur jostling the goal uuuiire on tho Melbourne Cricket Gruund. but owing to his long services in tho football field he was leniently dealt with, being admonished by the chairmao to be more careful iu future. Tbe liallarat were fined a "fiver" fur playing a couple of tuoo against the Es-cndon without a permit; this seems rather a hard decision, iu view of the fact that tho secretary's letter stated tbo players wore only taken on at the last moment to make up the team. As they never had a ghost of a show of winning tbo unmo, it is a pity they did uot play short and tuu< saved their4' sugar." Tbe protest Hotbain v. South Melbourne was rather a peculiar one. The latter played a couplo cl men who have figured iu other teams duriug the season, ami Hotbam therefore entered a prousb Tlio South, however, allege that tho players referred to started tho tc&«on as members of their club, and hnvo never received permission to leave it ; thorcfnro thev contend it was perfectly legiti mate for thuin to plav. Tho Association, how ever, would not see it in that light, and derided tlmt flier had infringed Rule 23, which stipu lates "fliat nay club playing a member of aunther club -shrill lose the match in which it plays such member, and shall, in addition, tor the" first offcnco be fined £3, for the soroud £10, aod for tho third shall be disqualified from play ing auy of the associated clubs duriog the re mainder of tbe season." With all duo deference to the Association, I think their decisions were not such as to give confidence in their delibera tions. In the first place, Smith was proved to have committed an assault upnn an umpire, and therefore should have been unqualified ; other wise what is to prevent other umpires being treated in tho same manner as Mr. Trait ? Tbe Association regretted their inability to punish his assailants ; why not niako nn example of the player who molested Mr. Ward? In the next place, the excuse put forward by the liallarat was not nn unsatisfactory one, and their request to be leniently dealt witli (owing to want of funds) was odd' that might have bceu graciously acceded to by tlm Association, uuder the cir cumstances, had a desire to administer the spirit of 'he law been more thought of than a wi-h to carry out the rules to tho letter. Finally, if tbe players objected to by the Uotham were mem bers of the South Melbourne at the becianing of the season, th-ir playing with the Foriroso or anv other club could not prevent them being chosen by South Melbourne if they had not gut tho necessary pjrmbsion to transier their ser vices. The "desire to 44 get at '' a rival club seems to somewhat blind' tho judgment of the representatives on the Association. Tub "exciting" match of next Saturday is certain to bo that between the Gcclong aod Fitzroy od the cricket ground of the latter. Their previous meeting at tho beginning of the season resulted in a win for the Gecloug by 4 goals to 2, but the losers on that occasion have vastly improved since then, and should be able to give a much better nccount of themselves this time. Judged by tbo manner in which they put tho Willi&mstown; through last Saturday, it requires very little stretch of imagination to anticipate a very tough struggle f»r supremacy, as tbo Fit2roy mil go into it with a lot more confidence now tiiat the ice has been broken ; and it is alreo-t mcdlets to remark that tbeir opponents will leave no stone unturned to make up for lhe laurels lost in the golden city. Anotijkb good game should tako place on tho East Mclb urue Cricket Ground, where the Esseudoo and Melbourne play their third match of the season. The first was won by tho Essen- don after a very keen contest by 5 goals to 3. hut iu tho following one the Melbourne turned the tables upon tlcm and scored a win by 3 goals to 2. This, therefore, is tho conqueror, and should provo a most excitiog and interesting match. Carlton and Uotham fight their battles o'tr again on the Hotbam Recreation Reserve, and. a boih teams have improved very much io their play since they lat met, and Carlton won by 3 goals to 2, it i< hard tu say whether the dark blues will repeat their previous performance or have to haul down their colours. Either way tho game "ill he w ell worth sreine. South Melbourne pay \Vil1iara«town a virit next Saturday, but the local players tuuL improve very much on their last week's form lie- fore they can export to do unto South Mel bourne a tliev did to Carlton. Playing on one's own ground, "surrounded by local influence in the shape of 44 fair supporters" may make a lot cf difference, and cause the villager to buckle to once more with the view of effecting another surprise on their native heath. The members of tho South Melbourne Cricket eud Football Clulis arc to be congratu lated on the success attending their efforts to suppress the "boisterous" elrmeut ou their ground; and if they could only keep up the good behaviour of last Saturday, players and specta tor would look forward to their Albert Park outingb witli plea«ure. Adelaide seems to have peculiar attractions fir footballers, as this season the Carlton and Geeloog have already found their way over there, and now Melbourne is getting a team ready to start next week. 