Sanitaby reform is a matter that should engage the attention of tlie local civic authorities. As a town grows the necessity becomes more and more pressing for some measures being adopted to provide for proper drainage, and for depositing refuse, which if allowed to accumulate would poison not only atmosphere, but the water in wells in the vicinity, and engender fever and disease. In thinly populated villages, where the houses are far apart the eftect of defective sanitary arrangements is not much felt, but at the same time it is the duty of every community, however small, to provide for such matters. The present condition of this town demands serious consideration. Though loud complaints have been made through the columns of this paper and otherwise of bad smells and unhealthy drains the Municipal Council seem utterly to ignore them. In our issue of November 6th last, we published extracts from the Municipal Act, which empowers the Council to compel the occupier of any property 9n which there are unhealthy drains to cleanse aud keep them in order. No notice however seems to be taken of this important matter. We understand that the Town Clerk has been appointed Inspector of Nuisances, but his office appears to be a sinecure. There are several drains open at the footpath gutter on. Stirling Terrace which are an undeniable nuisance and the sooner they are closed the better. The inhibited portion of Albany is situate)! well above the sea level, and there ought to be no difficulty in providing proper drainage. The expense compared with the advantage to be derived would be trifling and the ratepayerswould have no objection to pay higher rates if for such a purpose. To allow cesspits and other nuisances to exist in the vicinity of a street where, there is an extensive traffic, reflects considerably against those who have the power to prevent it. Typhus fever, cholera and other diseases are often the result of inertness on the part of those whose duty it is to look after the health of the place under their jurisdiction,but the public ought to take the matter in hand and Urge the Municipal Council to compel the occupiers of property where nuisances exist to retoove them, or take legal proceedings. The reputation of. our climate is at stake. The enemies of Albany have tried to injure it by the fact that measles firstbroke out here, and no steps were taken to confine their ravages to the few who were first attacked* But if things are allowed to go on, arid people are permiteed unchecked to turn oat their rejuse on the public street, to open their drains into the street gnfe^^d send doM^ihem all the deposits arid excrements from their houses, they will justly suffer for their apathy- The best thing to do will be 'to-call a publicmeeting and pass resolutions uigiug the Municipality to take action in the matter. The climate of Albany is universally admitted to be as ^ne as any in the continent of Australia- 13ut our climate will not make up. for deficient sanitary arrangements. Our salubrious climate will'be no protection against the diseases that are engendered by filth, so it is the duty-of every one' interested in the place to make some move, so that there can be 110 possibility of a slur On our fair town. We hope this is the last time that we shall have to write upon this : subject. > The. overland mail arrived in town last night at 6 p.m. with, one passenger, Mr. G. 43-ibbs. The B.M.S.TJavenna left Colombo tor this port at noon ontlie 6th instant, two days late. _ She may be expected to ! arrive on Friday mornmgj \ Thbodgh the courtesy of His Excellency ^Governor, we have received a copy of tlie Beport of the proceedings of the - Intercolonial Convention recently held at Sydney. JjNDfitTAii weather for this time of the year has been experienced here. Instead of :9ie easterly winds prevalent dnfigr this season in past years, south an.. wcsterly lirieezes have been blowing with occasional sqnalls and showers. Climatic changes are noticed in many Other parts of Australia. The West Australian Timber Company, of Lockeville, have concluded a contract with the ]S T ew Zealand Grovernment for the supply of 80,000 iarrah railway sleepers. Mr. Anthony Hordern has written from London to the effect that if successful in negotiating for the construction of 1 5 s y stem ^ Western Australia, he will found a university in Perth. It is intended to hold a picnic in connection with the Church of England Sunday School, at Middleton Beach on lhursday next. The children are requested-to meet at tlie top of York Street at 8 a.m. Parents are cordially invited. The second of a senes of Saturday night entertainments is to be held on the 19th hist. A good programme lias been provided fur the occasion and the admission is by silver coin at the door, the collection-at the last one not being sufficient to defray expenses. The King George's Sound Coal Company have contracted to supply 100 tons of coal to a steamer from Sydney bound for London due at this port on Sunday next. They hare also made further engagements for next month. Patrick Began, a ticket-of-leave holder, was charged before Jfct. C. Loftie, Esq., Government Eesident, at the Police Court on Monday with being drunk and disorderly and insulting the police on Saturday night. Prisoner denied the charge, which was however proved by Corporal Dunn. The accused pleaded very hard to be let off with a fine as he had just bought a lot of. provisions and was taking them out to the bush, where he was splitting. He was fined £3. Oub telegraphic columns contain intelligence of the progress of the rebellion in Upper Egypt, The followers of the false prophet are threatening Khartoom, the capital of the province, situated at the junction of the White and Blue JN'ile. -Fears are entertained that if El Mahdi's vast horde of fanatics are not checked shortly that Cairo will be attacked. The withdrawal of the British array of occupation in Egypt has been indefinitely delayed owing to the uneasiness caused by the success of the rebels. The new fortnightly mail from Albany to Kojonup, via Perongorups, Tackalarup, Stirling Bange, Mongup and Etieup, and back the same way. has now been established, the mailman who bears the appropriate name of Baggs, arriving in town on his return journey on Saturday last. The settlers on the route have expressed their gratification at the advantage of getting their letters regularly, and credit Mr. Loftie with having obtained it for them, as it is the result of his visit to their districts some months ago. We are glad that our old friend " Semper Paratus " is hot left out in the cold, _ and hope to hear from him occasionally. Ah Chong, a Chinaman, was charged at the Police Court on Monday before B, C. Loftie, Esq., Government Besident, dnder the ^Masters' and Servants' Act with absenting himself without leave from his employers, Messrs. A. & A. Hassell. Mr. Dymes appeared for the prosecutor and handed in an agreement signed by the prisoner at Singapore, binding him to work for Messrs. Hassell for three years from the date of his arrival. Ah Hue was-affirmed as interpreter. The prisoner put in the usual plea of " no savee." Corporal Dunn deposed that he arrested him in Mrs. Harris' kitchen. He said, "Me work Mrs. Harris £3 month, little money Hassell's. Bye and bye two months lock-up all right." He. seemed to expect that he would ? be arrested. He nad been working for Mrs. Harris for about a fortnight. Prisoner admitted that he hnd signed the contract and said he left Kendinup because he saw a ghost there, and that was the reason he stayed away. He was sentenced to three months imprisonment and to go back to his employers at the end of the term. Bepoets from the country districts with regard to the crops are very satisfactory. The formers nave plenty of hay this seaison, and from the quantity, now gathered in, we should imagine that there will be no necessity to import any this year. It is a veiy pad advertisement for tlie colony to bring produce from Adelaide and Melbourne. One of the passengers going tlirbugli in the " Shannon " the other day was heard to say "This place can't be much good if thejr have to import so much chaff." This was said referring to the number of bags landed from that vessel. There is plenty of land not far from the town that would grow good hay, and it does not speak well for Western Australian enterprise, that it is lying idle and so much money sent to the other colonies for produce that might be; much more cheaply grown here. Boxcotxtxo, which is said to he dying out in Ireland, has made its appearance in Albany, as the following letter left at this office last week will show. It apr] pears that W. Bail who has been employ^ ed to deliver papers, has given great oxfence to a section of the public by the rigor with which^he has carried out the functions of his newly- appointed position of town ranger, and this jcommunication is the result. We withhold the signatures, which are nine in number, as sever ral of those who signed nOw regret having doae'so. The letter is as follows:— "To the Editor of the Albany Mail, " Sir,—We, the undersigned do hereby " give notice tliat unless you dismiss the "informer, W. Bail, from your service,, " we will withdraw our advertisements " and -.discontinue ; taking the Albany "Mail.":.- " ••••'' The final meeting of the Bcgatta Committee was held at the Freemasons* Hotel on Friday last to settle the question of disqualifying the Ida sailed by F. Douglas, and the Kiwi sailed by C. J. Asliwcll in the lai^e. sailing Jioat race.' It appears that a protest was -entered against the Ida for hauling to windward along the mooring, rope at the start. This protest was entertained, the boat disqualified from being placed. With regard to the Khni no protest was entcred agahist her v ,hut one -of her crew while thegl^t jgTay in on the 6terbo^d jrfcaelc towards* Poiut^rederick put a shorf; top. mast, lying in the bottom dF 'ihe: Imt,- over the side to try . thf depth " of- the water. This was done ifi ignorance of tlie rules, but the Ctommitfee •held that it was sufficient to disqualify the boat from taking the second prize, which was accordingly awarded to the Chusan -Jfo. 2, the third place falling to • Ssfofah Burnyeat. The result of the race will- therefore be as follows:—Chusan Ko. 1, first; Chusan No. 2, second; "Sarahipiirnyeat, third ; Fray Bentos, Copper. Edith, Ida, disqualified, Kiwi, -disqualified- The Committee expressed great -indignation at the remarks made by a section of the public casting reflections of the probity of the stewards and accusing them of partiality and misappropriating the funds. This was done by a class of men who contribute nothing ^towards the sports and because they have paid a small entrance foe consider they have a right to malign and blackguard the- Committee. Some of them have won Iarge_ prizes year after year and never contributed a penny towards the funds. Before the next annual regatta steps will be taken to form a club, the members of which will elect the stewards, and no entries for any events will be received unless on the understanding that their decision sliall be final. It shows a large amount of meanspiritedness and blackguardism on the part of a few of those who are permitted to compete for the various events, to east aspersions on those who give" their money to provide f• r and their time to organise sports for the entertainment of the public. With regard to tlie ignorance of sailing regulations, in future printed rules will be provided for the guidance of competitors, and programmes will be published with the entries, course, time allowance, &c.;, for each race. Our magnificent harbor possesses such splendid facilities for boat sailing that the annual regatta ought to be an event to look forward to, and to mark the gala day of the year. 