The Blatchford Bequest. CHAPTER IV. [FEOH CHAHBEBS'B JOURNAL.] IT was several months before the agent returned from America. He had been ordered to spne neither time nor money, and had kept his instructions to the letter, but with little result-es yet. Having after some trouble ascertained that the man who was shot, as described by Mr. Dunn, passed under the name of Winslow,>he went to work to trace him back. It was a difficult task, but it would have 'been even more so had not the so-called Winslov^ by sundry villanous acts, left his memory .green in tie minds of some he had come in eeatact with. It will doubtless seem as though the search ni begun at the wrong e&d; but yoare ago the other war had failed. From .the time when ke quarrelled irrevocably with fais mother, Blatchford could be traced a certain distance; thea he disappeared. At last the agent returned. By the merest chaaoe he had ifouud a man who ta-Ied from Livei$ool in £he suce boat that carried Blatchford or Wcnslow. He, libs others, bed reasons«f Jiisown fonrsmembering him. So this was the result of-ihe inquiry: Biafchfevd sailed from liM-erpool at a certain date, under the same of Winsletr. After e. short but discreditable career in various citiae in North and South America, he tad met hie fate as -described. Nothing was -known about, his wrfe. Cathbrat heard t&e; agent'e repert. "We bed better advertise fer Mrs. Winslow," that gentleman.suggssted. \ Cathbert considered. ".Not yet," he saidU "Go dow£ to Liverpool, ;aud try and trace' bickfirom ihere. He wai=.a saloon passenger.) yoc eay. Mont likely he stayed, at a good| hotcf. AlBst of the gueste.may-shew where be; came from, as he appeare ito have boea con-; tented with one alias. Go -down .and see what youcan doq bnt doil't write me or come to me cota. you'ttmk the case hopeless, «r until yoa have learnt -all.'' Tfee agent went his way, and Cattbert knew that tie lime was drawing>near -when the old battie mustibe refought. strove to dismiss tike mitter ffrom his .mind:; but, ido what be would, it wes always with him. Dreading that c»ch $ost would bring news .of the missing people, despite himself, the mail's manner changed. i£e grew moody, (pre-occcpied, and silent" even the smile with which.be greeted Jus wife anfl children was difierent—so different, ttst for the firstitime- BUiceehe.bad been man-tee, Marion Ray felt .unhappy acd full of strange fours. It we about a month afteriher husband's last interview with the cOEtfidential agent, that . UsricsL aat alcne. Cot&beit; iad ^one to the Diortit eE (England to speak at an limportant o teetiag, iieldithat night in adaige town, one o f the efcronghflMe of his tntagosusts. jllthough \--the Wceys .being people of .-some note— mhrion ittd hrff a dozes invitations,jJor this ps irtioulai- «veniig, she preferred spending it at bcime and alone. She ag& ithVnking jjf many th ings, past an£ present, %>ut most of all of Co thbeftfa ohauged manner .of late. It had for some ti«e beaa a source «f great .unoasiness to 116r. He did 'not compUca «r «how any sign of illness; be -was sanguine asite the acteome of pmblic a£urs.; iiis ambitioa was notvso high •Ma to ensure disappointment. What, then, had changed Jiim—changed his «ay of^speakiog, changed liis eraile? Could it be, she thoui^it, with, the «Bick suspicion, of a loving «oma n, that has affection for her was waping f Did he at last begin 4o think that, is maifjing cue so lowly as Jberself, he had thraflm a chenee away? But «uch thoughts were but passing ones. He Jiad given her too msxy piwofe of the eadurance of his lore to j>eonit her to .harbour such -..unworthy douVts. .Yet she eigh<)d, and prayad that whatever weighed npoa her husband might be removed, or that he would let her share the burden. After .a while she rose and rang: the bell. " Bring mo to-night's letters," ehe sad. Gubhbert kept no secretary. He was an en-;, ergetie-man, equal to wgr amount of worl^f but whCst the House was>eitting his correepon-i dence «os so voluminous^ that recently his wife opened many of his letters, and sorted them; occording to the importance they bore. .In; this way-she Bared him mnefc time. , There /was a goodly pile to-night She .opened and examined each letter in turn—all «ave one or two, which ehe laid aside untouched,; kaawing from tke .initials on the envelopes that.they contained political matter so weighty that ehe must not be tke first to read it -Presently die came opon>£ thick packet, sealed and registered. It bore the Liverpool postmark, and«as marked " Private"—but so was -every secoad envelope. Without hejita> tiondo broke itiie cover and drew the letter out, leaving the other papers which accompanied it behind. "A begging petition with testimonials," she^aid as she opened ths letter, preparing to take ahasty glance at its contents. As she unfolded the paper a small bogStt object dropped from it on <to her lap. It was a gold cross, one arm of which was broken off. She took it in ber hand, losked at it for a moment, and then started as if a snake had bitten her. With the trinket still is her hand, she turned to the letter, and her face grew paler with every line she read. The missive was short: its meaning mot have been plain, as Maosn had no nsd to peruse it. As die read the last word, she let both letter and trinket fall, then, uttering a low cry of pain, placed her hands upon her eyss. " Oh, my darling," she moaned, " and this U the reason—this is why you hare changed so, lately! My love, I may have desarved it, "but not like tins!" So she sorrowed for a fopft then ber mood changed. She rose, and rtwfr'Pg te J®*** #wajT| jsced tb* loom, lifca a queen. " If an angel had told me tMs, T would htfve laughed htm to scorn. 1 After eo< many yean—so many happv years! Cuthbert, - CethbeRS Vhy did y6\» do it F How couH yohj (Jciti'P 1 ® was your right to know. Had youf wished'it, I would have told you-4cM youl freely.tn spite of your promise. Butohf! tpj learn it like this, through* hired spy!" Theij her -proud bearing forsook her, and the hdt t«U*«praKg forth agifri. But at last Aegre*- composed : bnt there was a world of sweet regret in the words she Addressed to fcar-absent IroSband—" Yes, ydu will still love me, I' -ebtl) forgive even Ihis. But never, never again shall we be the same to each ether— never quite the same, -Outhbert!" She looked at the contents of the ^pockets. Two or three lettets in a woman's tuufttrriting —one well known to her—which gave her the feeling as of ghosts rising from the pafit. She replaced everything in the cover, atid locking it <tway, sat late into the night, Wfeing and thinking—longing for the morrow-te end her suspense. The next day Cathbert rtitarne&jast; in time to greet her for a moment before 'he went down to the* House. He had a .question on the notice-paper, one that he knew Wocld stick ? : ke a barbed arrow into the Home Secretary's wellseasoned flank. He was in. bettor spirits than usual. " We shall smite them Up umd thigh!" he cried. " Inside their ewn fortresses we shall slay them ! My darling,, hdw ill you look. What is the matter f" " I have passed a had nigR," she faltertd. She could not reproach him that moment. • She could not understand why, with that letter \- iraiting for him, his voice should express such unmistakable anxiety and solicitude. " Lie down, dearest,'" he^eaid, " and rest till H come home. I ehsil be -bed: to dinner." He kissed her, and wotlt to St. Stephen's. JSxcept for the fear as to-v&at; news any post i night bring from .the dttective, he was very jioyons. Every £f>er ihsd a leader on the f tpeeehes of last sight, te,ad his speech had 1 K>en an important and 'fs.vourably criticised ( me. He was in good epirlts^when he came home t o dinner. His bout wilt, the Home Secretary 1 lad succeeded te a marvel. His manner to ilarion, who st£U looked worn and weary, had sever been more affectionate. She felt bewildered. Dinner over, he must^go to his duties again. She could not let the moment pass. She placed herself in a low .chair'near him—her favourite ieat. " NTast you go^to the House to-night, Cuthbeit? " "I don't fcraw about 'must.' I ought ta, although there will 'be no division of importance. If yea feel ill,my darling, I will stzy with you." He kissed her so lovingly, that she knew it codld ! be 110 pretence, and wondered more sad more. " How cold your Ijpa are," he ssid. " Tee, I will stay with you to- night" She thanked him, 'hat waited a while,-as iin deep thought, tgfore tflie spoke again. CBSJbert," she eaM,-sweetly but gravely, "may I teUyiu a little "tale dfreal life P " He looked at her, and felt sure there 'was some grave tneaning^a her request. " By «11 means," he said. Calm as ebe forced'oitrself to be, her heart 1 Jeat and ber hand trembled as she drew -eut t :be little hrdken gold cross and placed 3£ in 1 lis hand. He "lodktjd-ist it and then at her >eni (uiringly. "That wa«given me, years ago," ehe «ffd ^vith an eSwrt, " by'the man who was lay. 1 insband, or who J fancied was my husband."" Cuthbert started. Wait a memeat, I farion. [ did not «sk for this. I do not •ft'ant it. But if -yon^wish to tell me, tell me with your hand in sine; for I swearwTiate rer yon may choose to let me knowehall m ake no difference between us." His voice w; is passionate as when he first pleaded for her! love. She did not wnSerskmd. She looked ntlnm almost dreannhr, 'but 'die not place her hand in his. "No, Crfhbert. It may be I shrill have a questiea to aSk-you. Let me tell it ay own way." Se saw she was qtiito serious, so listened with growing fear. " I was hat a giri,"-»he said, very quietly and with her eyes cast Sown " a girl of twenty. He told me he leved-me. He was young, and I believed would change hiB manner of life fer ray sake. I married him. For a few months I was happy; then T found him as he really "was—a false liar, a-coward, a swindler. When -years afterwards he-told -me I waif not even his -wife—that even m -that Vhe had deceived me. I -think, in spite of the shame, my heart leapt for 'joy. He could clsiim me no more. Did I wrong yon, my Cathbert, by marrying you'f T-was only sinned against. My silence mnec have made yon thmk "it even worse than this. 'Now, I will give you -youf better." •"•Outhbert was very • grave. " Why do yon •tell me this, Marion? T was of course hound •to-guess at something of -the kind. Why tell me-now? I never adke3-fT nover wished to 'He bad not notieed her mention of the letter, iror-would he have known *hat she meant by k. -"She drew it from *her breast. "My husband," she said eaSly, as "she handed it to Km, •" we can never he quiet as we were brffore -you did tbis thing, "if yon doubted, vfiy not have asked me? Why not have asked Mr.'Msynef I will ndt-reproach yon, but you have degraded both me and -yonrselt" He-took the letter in stupid astonishment. That 'he and Marion were at -cross-purposes, that -die-was under some delusion was evident. What 'it • was he could only lean from reading the'letter, so, withoct another word, he read-— Dear -Sir—I would hare «een?ou, but am ordered away on an affair of greafimportahce. T do not -neglect Tour interesta in going. A child natrht now follow the <3ae. Winslow and hie wife lived for gome time at T)——. He left her—deserted her. probably, when lie railed for the States. She lived on at 1) "for a while, trvintr in make an income by beeping a small Echool. Then -She fell seriously HI. ond at last ws* taken away by a gentleman, whose name my informant "forgets, but who was-rector of St. Winifredfe,!* church on the outskirts of Lonion. This should be ample for your purpose; hut X enclose some letters, end-ft trinket left behind tier, when she quitted the bouse at which ehe lodged. A« he finished the letter and read the signature of his cosfidsotial agent, CuthberKs head felt in a whirl. It was some little fame before he conld see ths connection between his Wife'* grief and this letter- which brought the dreaded moment dose to hand. His first thought-was that Marion was troubled by his having aon- *oealed the matter from'her. He glanced at-tke letter once more, and-Qiis time the meation-af fit. Winifred's arrested his attention. The whole truth came to 1dm like a flash of lightning. Astonishment no longer expressed his state. He stared at Ms wife. She stood with her eyes cast down, her hetutiful Has pals anil; sad,-and with tears slowly running down her( chesks. Bot the child!" gasped Cuthbert—'' your child!"' Still ignorant of the truth, die looked at him with reproachful eyes. Why ahould he wish to probe every old wound ? " Poor little baby 1" she said—poor little hoy. The onlything in all that time T^an look hack 'to with chappy thought—ths onlv gleam of sunshine "in my life. Bnt he died, Cuthbert —died bcfore l wrote to my old friend Mrs. Mayne, begging her to come and save me from starvation or worse. Then it was'T said I will bave no past.** Cuthbert rose an d clasped his wife to Vs heart., Had die wished to resist those strong loving' aims of Us worit have made resistance aaelefs. " Marion, my wife, my dariingl** he -cried, can yon not understand F I have been sending across the woaM to find traces of the wiSow and son of Ralph Blatchford, to whom, if I could have done what was right, I must have (Jven np nearly every farthing of the wealth we enjoy; and from this letter I learn that Balph Blatchford was the man who married yoa nnder the assamod name of WInalow 1 Miarion, if you nnderstaod what this means to me, to yon, to the children, yoa would be happier than tra JW tore betn tefore l" ttarioh uhderstddfc~~Sb£ ^lififco3 a"1«ll» delirious, but entirely happy laugh ^ her hani Stole into her husbasf s, and the whole qttostfcb dl the Blatchford Inquest was ended, asA it rest for ever. 