BAPTIST. The anniversarv services of the Minlacowie Baptist Sunday-school were held on Sunday and Monday, October 2G and 27. three sermons were preached on Sunday, by the Rev. M. Morris, to large congregations. On Monday, a picnic was held in Mr. Long's paddock; various games were enjoyed by the children. Tea was held in the chapel, after which a public meeting, presided over by the pastor. Addresses were given by the Revs. Gillinghatn (Wesleyan), Clare, and Nancarrow. The proceeds amounted to £11 8s. The anniversary of the Sunday- school connected with the Kapunda Baptist Church was held on Sunday and Monday, Nov. 9 and 10. On the former day, the Rev. Matthew Morris, of Minlaton, conducted the morning _ and evening services in the presence of large congregations. In the afternoon Mr. Morris addressed the united Sundayschools of the town, the spacious church being densely crowded. On Monday the anniversary was continued by a well-attended tea meeting in the afternoon^ and in the evening the triplexicon of scenes from Dicken's "Old Curiosity Shop " and dissolving views, belonging to the Sunday-school Union, were exhibited in the presence of a large number of school children and their friends. The Hindmarsh Baptist Church held its anniversary tea on Tuesday evening Nov. 18, followed by a public meeting Mr, C, H. Goode took tbe chair, at the latter Mr. E. "Windsor, as secretary read the report. The present number of members is 161); Sunday-school children, 170. There is also a Young Christian Union composed of fortyeight members, and a Bible class of thirty members. The treasurer, Mr. A. S. Niel, gave his report showing the estimated cost of the new church to be £1,G50; furnishing, £170 ; total. £1,820. The expenditure had been £1,345 9s. 3d. debt on old building paid off, £150; total, £1,495 9s. 3d. The receipts were—donations, £181 Is. 3d.; borrowed from Baptist Association,£200; advanced from bank, £1,1148s.; total, £1,495 9s. 3d. The proceeds from bazaar, inclusive of promised donations and proceeds of tea and meetings was expected to be about £210. The meeting was addressed by Revs. W. R. Hiddleston, pastor, and Revs. W. Coller, T. Lees, F. Boyling, and J. B. Sneyd. BIBLE CHRISTIAN. On Sunday and Monday, Nov. 9 and 10, the Gawler West Bible Christians held their Sunday-school anniversary. On Sunday two sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev. Bullock, of Kapunda, to good congregations. A children's service was held in the afternoon. On Monday a tea followed by a public meeting was held. Mr. W. Bennett occupied the chair, and addresses were given by the Revs. Bullock, Ashton, and Martin, and Messrs. R. Marsh and Scrivener. Music was provided by the choir, and recitations were given by some of the children. The music was under the leadership of Miss Nottle, who presided at the harmonium. CONGREGATIONAL. The anniversary of the Houghton Congregational Church was held on Sunday and Monday, November 115 and 17\. On Sunday three sermons were preached, in the morning by Mr. J. Tasker, and in the afternoon and evening by the Rev. F. W. Cox. On Monday a tea meeting took place, followed by a public meeting, presided over by Mr. W. T. Gray. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. W. J. Webster, D. AVatkins (of Adelaide), and Messrs. J. Tasker, R. McEwin, and C. W. Stokes. At intervals the choir enlivend the meeting with harmony, Miss Gollop presiding at the organ. The proceeds of the anniversary amounted to about £20. EPISCOPALIAN. The memorial stone of a new Mission-school Church was laid at Islington, by Bishop Kennion, on Saturday, November 15. The church will be situated on the lower North Road, and will be a wooden structure, thirty by twenty in the main, and fourteen by twelve in the chancel. Estimated cost, £250 ; and will seat 130 persons. There were also present at the ceremony, Dean Russell, Canon Dendy, and the Revs. F. T. Whitington. A. G. Rawston. and H. M. Pollett. PRIMITIVE METHODIST. The continuation of the opening services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church, Tickera. was held on Wednesday Nov. 12, when tea and public meetings were held, both proving very successful. At the latter Mr. W. G. Cooke presided, and addresses were given by the Revs. A. W. Wellington and W. T. Wiltshire. The report was read showing the financial position of the church to be satisfactory. Proceeds of the opening services amounted to about £2;t. The anniversary services of the Primitive Methodist Sunday-school, Kadina, were lie-Id on Sunday Nov. !>. In the morning the pulpit was occupied by the lie v. W. Reed, Wesleyan, and in the afternoon and evening by the pastor Rev. A. W. Wellington. On Monday the public tea was held in the church, and was well patronised. In the evening the meeting was presided over by Mr. Chas. Whitbread, the superintendent of the school, who addressed the meeting and was followed by the Revs, A. W. Wellington and \V. T. Wiltshire. WESI.EVAJT. The anniversary services of the Unly Wesleyan Sundayschool took place" on Sunday and Monday, November 10 and 17. Oil the former day sermons were preached by Rev. J. Watts, and a flower service held in the afternoon conducted by Rev. E. Gratton. Tea and public meetings were held on Monday ; the latter presided over by Mr. R. Barrett. The report read by Mr. H. Sanderson showed there were 302 scholars and 2G teachers on the roll. A mission school had been opened at Malvern with encouraging success. The new lecture-hall had been opened daring the year, and the scholars had raised £77 towards placing an organ in the same, free of debt. Income for the year, £74 15s. 2d.: expenditure, £60 9s. lOd. Addresses were delivered by Revs. J. P. Chapman, E. Gratton, J. Watts, and G. Hall. Port Pirie Wesleyan Sunday-school anniversary services were commenced on Sunday, November 9, when the Rev. W. T. Carter preached on three occasions, the afternoon service being addressed specially to parents and children. On Monday afternoon there were children's and public teas, which were well attended; and in the evening a service of song. Mr. Nicholas presided. A coffee supper was held at the close. Anniversary services were held in the Wesleyan Church, Crystal Brook, on Sunday and Monday, November 9 and 10. On the former day sermons were preached to good congregations, in the morning and evening by Rev. W. Dennis, of Georgetown. In the afternoon he gave a Bible reading on " Reverence." On Monday there was a well attended tea- meeting. Mr. W. J. Venning occupied the chair, and speeches were made by Revs. W. Dennis, I. Perry, T. B. Angwin, M.A., and Mr. John Venning. The result is an addition of £50 to the funds. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Church, Alford, were celebrated on Sunday, November 2, and were conducted by the Rev. W. Reed afternoon and evening. The service of song, "Pilgrim's Progress," was rendered by the choir and Sabbath-school children. On the Wednesday tea and public meetings were held. At the latter the Mayor of Wallaroo (Mr. W. Phillips) presided. The financial report read was most satisfactory, showing only a balance due on the building of £100. Since the opening of the church an organ costing £40 has been procured, and paid for. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. W. Reed, and Mr. Glasson. Recitations were given by Miss Tamblyn, Messrs. W. Rosewarne and J.Langley. The anniversary services of the Clara Wesleyan Sundayschool were held on Nov. 9 and 10. The Rev. James Read preached three sermons on the Sabbath. Subjects: "Royal words to mothers," "The Shepherd with His lambs," and " The Saviour's love for the little ones." The church with its two galleries (for the time being) was crowded, and the collections (£11 13s.) were very encouraging. The annual picnic was held in the racecourse paddock, kindly lent by J. Hill Esq. J.P. The happy day will not soon be forgotten. The public tea was well attended, and the after meeting was a good one. Mr. Bryant the superintendent, made a good chairman, and appropriate addresses were given by Father Moyses, Mr. Longmore, and the Revs. W. Davidson and J. Read. The choice selections of music from " Anniversary gems " were rendered by the children with very great taste, and gave general satisfaction. Mr. S. Williams ably acted as conductor, and had an efficient helper in Mr. Moore the organist. The proceeds amounted to £29 3s. MISCELLANEOUS. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION.—The general committee met in the Y.M.C.A. rooms on Monday, November 17, 1884, when thirty- nine members were present. The president, Mr. W. Gilbert, M. P., occupied the chair. The previous minutes were confirmed, also the report of annual meetings as recorded. The general secretary read statement of income and expenses in connection with same, which was, after some discussion, passed as being satisfactory, although a small debit balance was shown. This being the annual business meeting, the functions of the various sub-committees were re- classified, and appointments made for the ensuing year as follows: Literature and school aids : Messrs. D. Robin (convener), J. Hill, E. Hack, W. B. Stephens, C. J. Holder, C. Scrymgour, and E. S. Peart. Services and entertainments: Messrs. W. B. Stephens (convener), G. Scrymgour, P. Gordon, J. Pickering, jun., H. Buttery, and W. J. Threadgold. Examinations : Messrs. W. Rutt (convener), J. J. Stuckey, S. Churchward, E. S. Peart, and G. Scrymgour. Extension and visiting : Messrs. R. Hay (convener), D. Robin, A. W. Meeks, A. Crooks, Wr. Birks, the president ex-president, (Dr. A. Campbell. Finance: Messrs. J. F. Scrymgour (convener), J. Bussell, (treasurer), T. Rhodes, W. Burford, and L. Grayson. Young Christian's committee, (embracing the Y. C. Unions, International Bible reading, and other associations: Messrs. T. Frost (convener), J. J. Stnckey, H. Nicholls, J. Vardon, and J. Thomas. Executive committee: (To assist the general committee in carrying out details). To be represented by the president, vice presidents, the general secretary, and the treasurer, and convener of each sub-committee. Each sub-committee to have power to add to their number. Vice-presidents elected : Messrs. Tlios. Rhodes, and T. Frost. General secretary, Mr. W. Shakespeare, re-elected. Minute secretary, Mr. W. J. Threadgold, re-elected. Treasurer, Mr. J. W. Bussell, re-elected. Hon. organist, Mr. J. Shakespeare, re-appointed. Singing visitor, Mr. A, Crooks,', re-elected. Auditors, Messrs. C. Scrymgour, and E. Lucas. Correspondence from Orroroo Baptist school, enquiring to know the privileges of being connected with the union; from Norwood and Maylands Presbyterian school, as to the fortunate position held by them in receiving the prize for sending in the greatest number of competitors at recent examinations, and offering a prize of equal value at next examinations to be given, to the school sending in the largest number of succcssful candidates. Secretary to acknowledge same with thanks of the committee. Letter of apology from the Anglican Bishop for October 20 annual meeting was read. TEMPERANCE. At a meeting of the Pride of Petersburg Lodge, I.O.G.T. No. 42, the following officers were duly installed by D.G.W.C.T., Geo. F. Elsey, W.C.T., Bro. G. J. Inglis, reelected ; W.V.T., Bro. J. Inglis, re-elected : W.M.. Bro. F. Kentish, re-elected : W.F.S., Bro. J. Waters; W.T., Sis. Kentish; W.S., Bro.T. Maddern; W.A.S.. Sis. L. New- W.D.M., Sis. Spicer; W.I.G., Bro. Spicer; W. Chaplain, Rev. J.J. Nicholls; W.O.G., Bro. H. Hicks; W.R.H.S., Bro. Broforth; W.L.H.S., Sis. Bloomfield; P.W.C.T., Bro. S. Garrett. This lodge has had only two quarters existence, and it numbers fifty good on tlie books. After the installation ceremony addresses were delivered by the D.G.W.C.T., W.C.T., and recitation by Bro. J. Waters ; songs and duets were rendered by W.C.T. and organist Sis. Inglis. A united picnic in connection with the Orroroo and North Walloway Divisions of the Blue Ribbon Army, and the Peake Vale Band of Hope was held near the Orroroo railway bridge on Monday, November 10. The friends mustered in good force, and all seemed thoroughly to enjoy the gathering. An Entertainment in the evening, in aid of the Blue Ribbon Army Organ Fund, at the institute hall was very largely attended. Mrs. G. Degenhardt rendered two songs in her usual pleasing manner : as also Mr. Pigott one song, and Mr. Simcock another. Messrs. B. Jones, and Alex. AIcKenzie recited, and a scene entitled "The Drunkard's Warning," by Messrs. Harvey, Mankev, C. Degenliardt, McGlashan, S. W. Padinan, and Misses S. Whitford and Pearce, met with deserved applause. Proceeds of both gatherings highly satisfactory. On Monday, Nov. 10, the Missing Link Lodge No. 1 held its ordinary meeting, when there was a very good attendance. Bro. J. F. Grutzmacher W.C.T. presided; after the usual business, the programme of the evening 1 (which was English songs and readings) was ably carried out by Sisters K. Barber, Maloney, N. Barber, and Stratton: Brothers Hope, Froman, and Johnson. The South Australian Pioneer Lodge No. 1, British Templars held its usual weekly meeting at tbe Rechnbite Hall Grote-street on Friday. "Nov. 7, when the following officers were installed by the D.W.G.C.T., Bro. J. M. Lapsley, assisted by Bros. T. H. Cooke and E. Tackley : viz.W.C.T., Bro. W. H. Harris; W.V.T., Sis. F. A. Pepperell; W. Sec., Bro. W. Carter: W.Treas., Sis. M. A. Grutzmacher; W.F.S., Sis. L. Wise; W.Chap., Sis. C. Argal; W.M,, Bro. Duggan ; W.I.G.. Bro. Jolinston ; W.O.G., Bro. Read; W.A.S., Sis. Holden ; W.D.M., Sis. Ka/. The officers reports were read and showed 168 members in good standing, and nearly £20 in hand. The Hope of Islington Lodge No. S, I.O.G.T., had a very pleasant meeting on Wednesday Nov. 12, when the following officers were installed by Bro. Thos. Davidson, L.D., assisted by Sis. Davidson. W.C.T., Bro. John Burdon; W.V.T., Bro. Fred. Dodman; W.S., Bro. Win. Wilson ; W.F.S., Bro. P. P. Probert; W.T., Bro. Davidson ; "W.C., Bro. Robt. Dodman ; W.M., Bro. Thos. Tolhurst; W.I.G., Bro. T. Davidson. The officers reports were read and adopted, and show the state of the lodge to be favourable. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Semaphore division of the Blue Ribbon Army was held in the Semaphore Baptist schoolroom on Monday evening Nov. 17. Mr. R. Charlick vice-president, in the absence of Mr. G. E. Swann the president, through illness, took the chair. There was a very good attendance the hall being very nearly filled. The Rev. W. Jones was the first speaker, and gave a very humourous Irish reading. The chairman then gave a short speech addressing the young people especially. After which Mr. W. Stephens, ex-president of Port Division, gave a very earnest address on the advantages of total abstinence. Mr. Featherstone gave a temperance song, and then Mr. W. Berry gave a stirring address. Five persons signed the pledge and donned the blue. The brothers pound night in connection with the Missing Link Lodge, No. 1, I.O.G.T. was held on Monday, November 17. There was a large attendance of members and visitors from various lodges. The brothers of the lodge supplied plenty of eatables, which seemed to be thoroughly appreciated by all present. Brothers Blakeway, Nagel, Loxton, J. C. Grutzmacher, and W. W. Litchfield favoured the meeting with harmony. During the evening the following prizes were awarded:—workbasket, Sis. Miller; Hood's Poems, Sis. Tamms; silver thimble, Sis. M. Argle; lady's hand-bag, Sis. Chiasm; fan, Sis. C. Argle; silver bracelet, Sis. K. Barber; Sisters Pettit and L. Wise also received prizes. The members of the Link have every reason to congratulate themselves upon the rapid progress of the lodge. About eighteen months ago it was almost impossible to get a meeting through not having sufficient members to form a quorum, and at the present time it is not only one of the strongest lodges, but is certainly the prettiest in the colony. May they prosper in the good work they have in hand. INTERCOLONIAL. An Australasian Council of Roman Catholic divines will be held in Sydney next year. A bazaar in connection with St. Peter's Anglican Church, Surry Hills, N.S.W., has realised £1,000. The N.S.W. Baptist Union includes twenty churches, 1,054 members, 1 241 scholars, 144 teachers. Bishop Hale, of Brisbane, lately baptised seven Polynesians at Maryborough. There has been an arrangement among the Protestant clergy of S. Brisbane to give religious instruction after school hours. The C. D. Acts repeal petition has been signed by 3,200 persons in Queensland. There are thirty-three Maoris ordained as Christian ministers in New Zealand. The Wesleyan churches in Australasia have lost three ministers during the year from lung disease. A college has been founded at Gisborne, N.Z. for the training of native Maori ministers. Rev. J. Inglis, Presbyterian, Ballarat, recently baptised two Chinese converts. THERE are three ways of proving our love to our Lord :—working for Him, suffering with Him, rejoicing in Him. These should not be separated. I CHARGE you solemnly as Christians, especially those who have been confirmed, to take heed to bring forth the fruits of the Spirit. To live by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost is the very highest calling. Such a life is required of all Christians. There could, I think, be no torture greater than to have to reflect in perdition that you had received the Holy Ghost, but had not cultivated His graces. " God is able to keep us." 