" Hebe's another liroatic ! " said Scrooge, when his nephew followed swiftly on the tracks of others who had come to wish him a Merry Christ- mas, and we dare say there may he a few who, when they open the broad sheets of the Press to-day and notice 1 the inevitable topic of the occasion, will cynically remark, " Here's another journalist suffering from the prevailing epidemic) " We plead guilty, gentle reader, but we venture to say the vast majority of mankind who are familiar with Dickens' " Christmas Carol " will be in sympathy with us in declaring that they would rather be the lunatic than the hard-visaged, close-fisted old miser. Bat even Scrooge was so successfully operated npon by the ghosts of Christmas past, present, and to come, that be overflowed with philanthropies! emotion, raised the salary of his poor little clerk, " Bob Gratcliit," considered it an excel lent joke to send the largest turkey in the market to gladden the little Crat- chits, and became as big a lunatic as those he had denounced. The festive season, it has been remarked by many original writers, " comes but once a year," and we can think of no better excuse for honoring a custom that with the growth of centuries has become part and parcel of an Englishman's nature. There is really no credit whatever in trying to be jolly under such circum stances as those here and now present ing themselves, for in this pleasant clime and in these piping times of " peace, progress, and prosperity " the difficulty is to be otherwise than merry. Where the real merit of keeping np Christmas comes in, is in the Old World, where the toiling millions manage for twenty -four hours to banish their every-day sorrows, and to rejoice that there is one short season of respite for them, whatever the morrow may bring forth. Victorians are so far fortunate that, as concerns good cheer, and plenty of it, it is Christmas with them all the year round, for their lot has fallen in pleasant places, and they have a goodly heritage. Bnt there are particular reasons why the present Christmas shonld be a merrier one with them than usnal, and their holiday observances will, doubtless, acquire an extra tinge of heartiness ac cordingly. The season has been the grandest one for graziers that has been seen for many years, and if the farmers had had the weather expressly made to order, they could scarcely have picked anything better for the crops. It is true that the price of grain is low, but that is the farmer's own fault for putting all his eggs into one basket and setting himself the task of com- peting with America and India in vrLcat proJuuldUU) WlltJU 80 Ql&Uy; iiihit profltable fields of agricultural industry are open to him. The political horizon is as calm as a mill-pond and our two Honses of Legislature have been striving to outdo each other in mutual concession. The party-feel ing which once divided the colonists into two hostile camps has melted away beneath the genial sunbeams of coalition, and it is no longer a political principle with any of us to regard the rich and poor as hereditary enemies, but rather to treat capital and labor as twin sisters, who are interdependent and mutually necessary to each other. The consequence is that instead of vindictive class legislation, we have had placed on the Statute-book, by the spirit of compromise, a number of useful measures long urgently desired, and the benefit of which will be felt almost immediately. For five and twenty years our Parlia ments have tried without success to pass a Mining on Private Properly Act, hut the thing has now at last been accomplished. One very welcome Christmas-box is the granting of a rail way to almost every district, whilst some localities hitherto neglected, or with more urgent wants than the rest, have obtained two, three, and oven four new lines. A handsome New Year's gift is the Land Act of 1884, whereby those who desire it may take out 14 years leases of 1000 acre allotments for grazing purposes with permission to free-select 320 acres thereout for agri cultural occupation, upon the nsual liberal terms of conditional purchase. Besides these important matters some forty-odd minor items of legislation nave been got through the Parlia mentary mill, and the result has been that most of the burning questions which agitated the community have been removed out of the way. The barren sessions of the Reform era have therefore been compensated for, and legislation has been brought pretty nearly abreast of the popular require ments, leaving a clear field for the settlement of new subjects as they arise. One of the principal things that the public are to be congratulated npon is the circumstance that the initial steps have this year been taken to bring about a federal union of the colonies, and although difficulties have been met with through the non-partici pation of New South Wales in the movement, enough has been done to show that the rest of the colonies are sufficiently earnest in the" matter to warrant the belief that with or with- J out the cooperation of the older colony an Australian Dominion something after the Canadian precedent will eventually become an accomplished fact. It is true that the unfortunate action of the: Sydney Government has apparently loBt to the colony the northern half 'of New Guinea, thereby bringing -Australians face to face in these waters - with a strong military power such as Germany undoubtedly :i% hut after all. .we must console >our- selves with the reflection that in Aim tralia proper, weliave a vast continent with only -a fraction of its -resources ; developed and -with sufficient elbovv- zbom for, nail comers during the - start 100 jreara or more. Victoria, winch fc has the densest population of the group, carries only 9 person to the square mile, and the whole of Austra lia- not quite one person to the 8qmjre mile; whilst in England and Wales there are no less than 445 individuals to every square mile. Commercially the times with us are not at all bad. They may be a trifle dull perhaps, but credit is perfectly sound and capital freely forthcoming for all sorts of in- dastrial enterprises and permanent im- .v . i i \iAnou in provements npon xne iauu. - tolerably plentiful, and will be easier yet, when the railway loans already sanctioned are floated. With these conducements to contentedness, all cul minating in tbe present period of the year, he must be bnt a poor soul who would object to a little rejoicing. If there be anything approaching to lunacy in taking stock of the blessings we enjoy and expressing thankfulness for them, why then we are quite willing to brave criticism and to join in wish ing all to whom these presents may come, "A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year." 