Women at Sea. One of De Quincey's similes to something or other, was that of a woman sailing over the water, awakening out of sleep to find her necklace untied and one end hanging over the waves, while pearl after pearl drops ] from the string just beyond her reach; when she clutches at one just falling, another F do6ps beyond=recovery. tIt must' have beenuin a skiff, or small I plasureboat~tfr ome kind, an? thewomaninh had only drioppedinto a doze. Wheni a fe male goes sailing over bigwater, she makes different arrangements. Most of them stick pretty close to the beti~putri ?a?a nickaces and other valuables i th ilocke) let downs their back hair, and prepare for a seige. If they prefer to be on deck when trouble ,co~ eces ilthey just: h h n ove rltlie" 1 l ar/ tc itg, a twhatever is lcnly ?ind at'ahitable inte'rvalsd drop into the waves all they have eaten for a day or two, and don't I care to recover it. In fact,,gihe .the.con.? At that particular,time tlie'yiv4uddi?ladl give all their pearls to ble'at iiomei if gtheerefifany-ti tti " Yemar teya are, generally to the effect that a great piece of 1folly was-committed when'they'steppedo nthe horrid bot,'had-*ioniction amou ing to certainty that they will neverjagam n see the?loyeld 'ones 9t h'omie. It is a pitiable sight; and if she is young and pretty, the male members of the pas sengers--r sich 'oftihem as are not pIaying tribute to Neptune-are at a loss what to ,do 1ny onelof themswoildigl~dly give her 'tfikaidof, his 'strong right arm, but knows that'?he-ia not at all desirous of extending the circle of-hbr~fiquaintance just at' that moment. This is written on the basis 6f the suffer rbein? a iin?mfatrierfoman or giddy S1e hlas` pressing bnsiness on hand; the blandishments of all the. Adonises on board are aslnoi6thinglin ifiher eyb. Possibly, ,how ever, she may have her brother along, or some other relative, or maybe her affianced is travelling with her; but in either casl the assistanoCel he i jnreddjr is comparatively small. L i?oli?ldiher head, to be sure, with onehand, and pat her affectionately on the ba ,k. iththe o heriand say, "Poor gir , k.by t ýillliod6'fd'l better; cheer up I" and ask her if she wouldn't like something to eat! 7() 1.,Tl'1J "Eat," she replies, in a staccato voice, "I shall never eat an tMing mo; Henry. Obiviflse"th iiot b *aed ii the Iiorrddocean, t tl old church yard at home, wod't)Ik'(1 ?'She feels pretty (w)retched about this time, and H1 does I ref1 p f little -"eer aaeTww it thou h, when there is posi tively nothing more to throy up, she says-in! a weak . y y "I tj ý~ ?li my state-room now,"t n yn One side and some other gentleman on the other convey her to that sanctuaor qfrestand hand her over to the ininistrations of the kind old stewardess .or, matron ..who makes, her as comifp- table as •i• ,ssble;.aundshe s6b?Ulsinks ihtO `dreamless slumber if she has good luck. She remains asleep for twenty-four hours, and then re-a ppler opecpl oy'le and wan the t~'Y gh'ost ofi the merry girl who em barked so gaily at Sa dridge. Not long, hbdolei(i,'dbes she remain so. The fresh breeze gradually brings back the red roses to her cheek, and .narkle.to her fg ni uiyaniftber esep, and he says to lenry :- "I do believe I could eat a .little break fast" (or dinner;-as-the case may be), and he hastens to conduct her to the banquet hallt fr'r :3- iJlOl 1,.1 l: ', 1 Let us draw !veil over that "little break.I fast," and suiwee~ingSiieals. " Hungry as a wolf " is about the correct thing to use in -an ori ,retip'sjui,ai, er n sthe 