EI- lawll iTrs t. CHAPTER XIX. Beryl made her way'upstairs to her own chilly, and cheerless room and flung herself all wet and muddy as she was, upon her couch. No one-came near her. For an hour or more she lay quietly, resting after her adventure, but she finally arose, her teeth chattering, and applied a match to her fire whlich was already laid. She removed her uncomtfortable garments, putting on dry ones, rid sat down at the corner of her hearth and basked in the red firelight. L .L had a narrow escape,' she" thought with a shudder. 'I shall remember Noble Des mond while I live. He looked as if his name indicated his nature.' _She sighed .she new not why. She gave little thought in these days to her brief mar ried life, or to the husband whom she believed oto.lie,dead. ;He had vanished from her lile leaving no pleasant memories, and she strove rather to forget him. _But she thought of him now, only to contrast him with this fair and noble genileman who had rescued her, and ,who had seemed to consider his action as-a'matter of course and not worth commen dationn. It was growing dark, but Beryl continued to sit.in the red glow of the fireliglit until the houtsemaid appeared with her frugal supper on a tray. Then the ydung lady lighted a candle and 'drankl her tea and ate her toast, after which she returned to her seat by the fire. - - She was sitting there, grave and thoughtful, when. a knock sounded upon her -door and Mrs. Toplolt entered, puffing and wheezing, as wis her-wont. Beryl arose and placed a chair for her, and the landlady took posses sion of it, her ample figure overflowing it in all directions. 'You are looking pale to-night, Miss Star,' she said, in a friendly,' easy tone. 'I think you are overworking and ;underfeeding your self, and that's the truth. Mrs. Ryan is a scrimping, squeezing creature, if I do say it, and I worked for her a many years. You must take care of yourself. At your age, you 'ought to have some one to take care of you. -Have-yJu heard from my sister lately?' S.-' No, not since the day after I came here. ' I understood that Mr. Star of Starwood is your relative, Miss. - Why don:t you go to him ? He might give you room in his house and your living. . Or he might allow you a hundred pounds a year for. your support, and there are 'places where a hundred pounds j'rannum would support; you like a royal princess, so to speak. Won't you go to him, Miss ?' " - - ' Certainly not,' answered Beryl, with a slight tinge of haughtiness. 'I have no claim upon him. I am not his acknowledged relative. I wduld starve before I would apply to. him for help.' . . - The old lodging-house keeper pupmped up a sigh that might have come ifrom her very soul. - . . : ' -*I amn anxious about you and .that's a fact,' she said. ' I like.you, Miss, and I can't abear to leave you unprotected-like. - It's a hard world for such as you, and I feel a kind of rhotherly interest in you. - We must write to Margot, if so lie you'll take her advice. You see, Miss, I am going out of the lodging-house business... -I am going to leave England.' Beryl-looked her surprise. " - . -" i ' Whereare you going?' she inquired. i' To,4Astralia, Miss,',said Mrs. Toplofr, in a tone'halt of triumph, half of regret. 'Did I] ever tell you about my two sons ? ,They are great, strong, rough fellows, and are sheep farmers in Australia; They have-got a good house apiece, and a half dozen childrena piece also. Abel has a westicountry woman for a wife,.a.capable person, if I do say.it. . But .Johrn--he's my favorite and my youngest-bborn; I've had :a letter" from him to-day, and-he's just; lust his wife, aind his children are .all youne, and he begs me to come out to him, and bring up his.children for him, and make ahome for him -and for them. It's my duty to go, and I am going.;. I shall sell the lease of this house. The lease has only a year to run, and I know a person who wants to take it off my hands - The furniture I shall send to the auction-rooms. I anm not troubled about any of my lodgers.but, you, but I can't see what is to become of you.' . - - . -; !'Can -nbt stay onr here with your succes sor, Mrs. Toploft?'. inquired Beryl. .. \- '' Oh, dear, no, The person who wants to take theshouse'is the person next door."*Sha keeps chambers for gentlemen,; there's not a lady in her house. I know she would refuse to keep you,'even if it were a proper place for. you among so many gentlemen. She considers women troublesome as lodgers, and wanting of! a;good Mdeal waiting on.; What, do you think of going somewhere up Brunswick Square wvay; so as to be 'near ybur business ? Or how would yoh like the neighbouirlihod of Oxford-street'? I know of lodgiog just out of Oxford-street tliat would suit you exactly, but for the sum you'.pay here you would only get an~attic, there.' : ' - * If Irmustleave this house, 'Mrs. Toploft, I shallibe very grateful to you for finding me any honest shelter,' said Beryl.:' 'I think' I should like the ueighbiourhood ,of Oxford street. ... ... *Then" I'i speak to Mrs. Margle about. a room for youti "toimorrow,' said Mrs. Toploft,, decidedly. 'She's a good, honest woman. She was a housekeeper many years in very good families, and laid up a handsome.bit of money. "She's got a suite of rooms, well-fur nished, that they let for five guineas a week. She knows so many rich families that she may be atble to'get youa better situsiaion than your present one. -I:don't know offa better place for you.' - - - - *Shall you leave England:very soon?' ,-:I'shall lose outnmy furniture this week. Isshall leave England within/-a fortnight." It's a su'lden. start. Miss, but England can't hold me now that I know how much my poor boy wants me. The conversation was'prolonged for half an hour further, and then" Mrs-. Toploft went wheezing out of the room, intent upon house hold cares.' ' " :' The next day, .which was Sunday, Mrs. Toploff atiired ir in a:old purple: satin gown and'a black silk sacque, went to Oxford-street to visit her friend, ihe lodging-house keeper of whiom she had spoken to,Beryl . .. - ": She returned in gpod spirits, having secured an upper room, for ,Beryl, ..with fire in the evenings 'and-' a-light; at a rental 'of sixteen shillings per week. She had .promised -that Beryl should call to see the room the next evening ' We will go together in a cab, Miss, if you please,' said Mblrs. Toploft. 'You can take posses-ion of your room immediately if you like it, which I think you can't do otherwise.' Accordingly, on Monday evening, Beryl and Mrs. Toploft went in a cab to inspect the new lodging. o e The h6iouse in question was in a quiet street opening out of Oxford-street, and was a respectable" brick dwelling of four stories. Mrs. Toploft sounded the brightly.polished knocker, and'the visitors were admitted by a smart housemaid who wore a cap with pink ribbons, who 'ushered them into a small reception-room'and went in qufest of her mis tress. Mrs. Margle, the. lodging-house keeper, a spare, dignified woman past middle age, and wearing a cap, presently, appeared. Mrs. Toploft performed the ceremony of introduc tion. The candle light fell full upon Beryl's face, as with gentle courtesy she acknowledged the introduction. But Mrs. Margie stared at her with wide-open eyes almost as if the girl had been a ghost, 