X.OCAX. XMTSMiXCtSXfCS. A CURIOUS BILL.—Some of the "properties" employed in the sepulchre play at the beautiful church of St. Mary; Redcliff, Bristol, were thus quaintly described in an on ecclesiastical stage carpenter's account, sent in to the rector of the parish in the year 1470:—" Item Heven, made of timber and stained cloths. Item Hell, made of timber and ironwork thereto, with devils to the number of thirteen. Item the Holy Ghost coming out of the sepulchre. Item longeth to the four angels, four perukes." Saints, angels, ministers of grace, &c.;, defend us from celestial visitants in wigs! MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.—The usual weekly meeting of this society wa6 held in the B.C. Church on Monday evening, the Rev J. Hancock presiding. Mr Maley was to have read a paper on "Oxygen," but as he had intimated that he wished for a postponement, Mr Johns had been asked to give an essay on some subject, and it was understood that he wonld do so. As, however, this tamed out to be a mistake, Mr Hullett stepped into the bieich, delivered aa impromptu address on Mesmerism, and promised to deal with the subject more fully and extensively in a paper to be read at the next meeting. SHIP AGROUND.—The British Commodore having cleared from the Customs some days ago, was towed down the stream by tl>e Rob Roy on Tuesday morning. She had not however, gone far from her moorings before she ran aground and remained helplessly stuck in the channel some little distance below the Government jetty. We have been unable to ascertain whether the accident was due to silting up in this particular spot, to the steering of the steamer or to the Commodore not answering her helm. In the evening the united power of the Stanley and the Rob Roy succeeded in towing her into deeper water near the Railway Jetty. As the Commodore draws 23ft. she requires very cautious handling and high tides to take her in safety down the Gulf in the present state of the channel. She will make another start on her voyage this evening THE FLINDERS ELECTION.—All returns for this district have not yet been sent in The voting record has been made up at 11 polling places with the following result:— Tennant,272; Moule,234; Horn,217; Mort lock, 122. The number of voters was 535 The returns of Port Augusta West Blinman, Yardea, Beltana, Sliding Rock and Farina, have not yet been received and as a large number of electors are on the roll at these places the position of the candidatis may very likely be altered The list of plumpers is as follows:— Plumpers: Streaky Bay — Tennant Moule 1, Horn 15; Talia—Tennant Moule 7, Horn 4 ; Bramfield—Tennant 1. Moule 2, Horn 1 ; Port Flliston—Mortlock 3, Tennant 4; Moule 32, Horn 2 ; Lake Wangary — Mortlock 1, Moule 11 Franklin Harbor—Mortlock 1, Tennant 2 Moule 1, Horn 1. A NEW ASPECT OF THE RECIDIVATE QUESTION.—The French colonists of New Caledonia have joined Australia in pro testing against the transportation of any more convicts from France to that colony. There are already some thousands of them on the island, and the crimes which they commit, and the danger which they keep the whole honest community are becoming insupport able. The New Caledonians view with horror and alarm the proposal to people their island with 25,000 hardened criminals. They would far outnumber all the honest men, including the military, in the colony, and its resources would be strained to the utmost to provide for them. Indeed, the Gallic colonists vow that the island is not nearly large enough to hold this undesirable additton to its population. A gentleman who has been sent out by the French Government to report on New Caledonia's prospects as a penal settlement, has telegraphed from Melbourne to M. Ferry, recommending that no more convicts be sent out for ten years to the Pacific Islands, and that in return for this concession to England's wishes, that power be asked to sanction the annexation of the New Hebrides by France, that she may have a fair chance of increasing and improving her colonial possessions in the Pacific. A SALVATION ARMY CONVERT.—Many old Victorians resident in this district will remember " Billy Aberdeen"—a once noted character on the Ballarat and Castlemaine gold-fields. The following extract from the M. A. Mail gives an account of bis appearance at Colling;wood on a Salvation Aruiy platform as " Happy Billy :"—Mr Aberdeen made his appearance amidst warm applause, and said he went up to Castlemaine when the diggings broke out. He made money the same as hundreds of others. He made enough to build the Prince of Wales Hotel. Judges, amongst others, used to come and stay at his place, and it was with them he first learned to drink. It soon brought him down and into trouble, and then he fell foul of the local police. He could generally manage any of the Castlemaine police, and he broke their be^ds and knocked them about a good deal. He got down until he got as low as he could. Then the Salvation Army came up to Caetlemaine, and they reminded him of much that he had been taught in his young days. He had spent £33,000 in drink during that time. On one occasion he put up for the Upper House—lie would not condescend to try for the Lower one, but he was defeated on account of his drinking habits. THE MUNICIPAL ASSOCIATION.—At the quarterly meeting of this Association Mr C. E. Stokes, the Mayor of Port Augusta^ proposed that a short Bill be prepared to amend p;:rt 8 of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1880, by providing for the better and more equitable assessment of town properties. The present mode of assessment was as follows :—All land built upon not exceeding one acre, was rateable to the full, fair and average estimated annual rent at which the whole would let for a tenure of not less than thirty years. All land, exceeding two acres and up to twenty acres, according to a percentage f 5 per cent, on the value of the freehold. ll land in blocks over twenty acres at per cent, on the value of the freehold. e said that the result of this was that ersons holding large blocks o£ land in orporato towns for speculative purposes ere taxed at a considerably less rate than hose who built upon and improved their roperty, and carried on business in town. he Mayor of Semaphore thought there ould be a great difficulty in devising a scheme for taxing the land only. Vacant lots held for speculative purposes should be taxed. Councillor Gell thought the Droposal should have been more definite. With certain alterations, he would, however, support it. Councillor Burton thought the proposed plan unworkable, and the consideration of the subject was adjourned till next meeting. Mr Stokes' second motion, that the grants in-aid for roads, streets, bridges, and jetties be extended also to drainago works, was brought up for discussion The Mayor of Glenelg remarked that the subsidies were made on the one shilling rate, and that a special Act would be necessary if they wanted to go beyond that. The Mayor of Semaphore said that his was an inopportune time to make the roposal, since the Government wore trying o curtail expendiiure. He suggested that he motion be withdrawn, which was ccordiogly done. 