ECHOES OF PALL MALL . hb0m a cobeespoxdkkt.j LONDON. 3nn OnvmpiL The map colorers are at a loss what to do with tho west coast of Africa, Portugal, lYance, represented by Do Brazza, and the International Association, represented by Stanley, aro mixed upon tho Congo. Germany has jumped another English claim on the Catneroons, whilehcr so. called colony of Angra Pequcna is in such an inchoate .state that her cuckoo egg m.iy yet prove to be addled, fIhc latest state of the Ctiso as re gard 9 the Congo is tins Eiigluud and Por tugal havo, jn obedience to tbo European order of "Hands off!" reli/iquished their treaty about the mouth of the river, although none of the other competitors has the ghost of a claim to any part of the river below the falls. The contention between Do Brazza and Stanley relates only to the upper stream, aud the fact is, although it finds no expression in words, that Prance has withdrawn her preten sions, or keeps them in abeyance, upou the understanding that the association will, if it should retire from business, give her the pre ference at the sale of its possessions Mr. Stanley now eaya that the association will not retire from business, and that tho promise to Prance moans little or nothing. Olio interpretation of tho bargain is this : If the properties of the association are brought to tho hammer, and there aro two bidders (France being one of them) who offer the same amount, they will bo knocked down to Prance, But there is never finally a dead bent between bidders, and Fr.mce, if shu wants the lot, must give the highest price. There is a rumor that the King of the Belgians is inclined to send his brother to establish an empire that should rival Brazil on the opposito shore of tho South Atlantic, but the emperor-designate might object to this sort of espoliation, and prefer to await Ids chance of succession to the Belgian throne. Sir, Stanley pro poses that the association should assume sovereign authority and borrow money to make a raihv.iy JJOQ miles in length between tho lower and the upper waters. IIi9 enthusiasm is commendable, but it is very easy to over-estimate the valuo of the river. Brazil has not been able to do much with tho Amazon, incomparably the grandest stream in tho world, and navigablo from the sea nearly to its sources. The Congo is navigable for only a hundred miles from its mouth, and the rest of the river is a mere inland canal. It will become very valuable, bnt that valuo will ba developed with provoking slowness, There may bo traffic for tho proposed railway twenty years hence, certainly not sooner ; and it 19 a question whether a shorter canal round the rapids will not be preferable. It need not be a ship canal. The Germans will bo allowed to consoli date their acquisition on one shore of the Cameroons Hirer, The English there out number tho Germans by six or seven to ono ; the courts are English, and tho natives have learnt to speak English. Thoy fondly imagine that so soon Q3 their case is fairly represented at Berlin, Germany will withdraw her pre tensions. They are mistaken. Lord Derby can quietly ignore the feeble pub lic opinion of tho locality, and, having offended l'riuce Bismarck by his want of straightforwardness in the matter of Angra Peqnefia,'he will make amends by winking very hard at German doing3 under the equator. It is absurd to call the acquisitions of Ger many " colonies," and it is ridiculous to send out a fleet to salute a mere factory. Ger many is tho land of toys, and is pleased with her toy colonies; but she will lire of the game. Prance having withdrawn lier pre- toosions to tho Upper Congo, nothing is now acaru or Brazzaville, 'liio fact is that there was nothing in her pretended treaty with tjto native chief that could be made a basis for operations on tho Paris Bourse, and indiffer ence and neglect have naturally ensued. It 19 not bo with the mines of Tonqnin and For mosa, which can bo manipulated by promoters, by whose interests tho movements of the French fleets arc directed. Austria .also is supposed to have colonial aspirations, although her hands are already filled with the affairs of Bosnia and Herze govina. Her attack of the colonial fever mnat be a very mild one, but she finds an advantage in humoring the whims of tho Germau Chancellor, who may make use of her in establishing claims on somo of tho harbors of New Gaiuea. Some Australian activity will lu requisite to prevent complications there. It was not tho wont of the colonists to submit to dictation from West minster. When the Lord Derbies of other day3 said to them, " You must not do . this or that," the response was " We will," If in dividual Germans can hoist their flag, and establish colonies, why should not Englishmen ? Lord Derby's" don't" need not bo taken into account. If tbe Upper Congo can be appro priated by au international association, what is there to hinder an intercolonial association from profiting by the example ? A great deal of nonsense appears in print about the strength or weakness of the British navy. It has been boldly stated that although the English ships are nunreri- cally greater, the French are superior in guns and armor. There is no truth in tbo as sertion. Of ships protected by iron and eteel plates of from 14 to 24 inches thickness, Eng land has 105,450 tons, while France has only 137, $00. This includes ships on the stock. Tbe usual stylo of argument is this : — If other countries were to do this, that, or tho other thing, England would be defeated. That is how Sir William Armstrong, for instance, puts tho case. But two can always play at the gamo of " if and if all the powers of Europe were to build a dozeu ships a year, England could build two dozen, while John Bright himself would not dare to raise au objection. Cobdeu was a Jingo in naval affairs. It is on record that he expressed his willingness to vote a hundred millions to make the fleet effeciivo. It would not be at all surprising to find tbe budget of next year making provision for un usual activity iu tbe dockyards. Now that Lord Derby has brought about something like a coalition against England, there is likely to be a very general demand for increased ex penditure in preparing for the worst, aud with this demand the Government would, of course, comply. On a recent festive occasion Sir Frederick Abel, the Professor of Chemistry to the War department, made some noteworthy remarks on torpedoes, especially tho submarine variety. He regarded this as a diabolical instrument, which he wished had never beeu created, for it was a sneaking underhand weapon, and its power for mischief was most terrible, cruel and unsparing. Sir Frederick is hard to please ; but there is something that may be urged in favor even of the submarine mine. It is useless for attack, aud is of value only in defence. This is an excellent quality, and quite the reverse of diabolical. War can never bo prevented, as somo imagine, by increasing the destrac- tiveness of warlike instruments generally ; but a great deal would be gained if the powers of defence became relatively stronger than those of attack. The submarine torpedo has already done some service in this way. In tbe Franco-German war the French fleet was paralysed from fear of tho torpedoes which were known to lie submerged along the south shore of tho Baltic. It would not be safe, however, to rely upm a repetition of this experience. Much pro gress has been mad in tbe art of fishing up torpedoes aud cutting their connections, where these are made with electric batteries on shore. Henceforward the efficiency of a torpedo will depend ou the secrecy with which it is laid dowo, and thU can only be secured by keeping the torpedoes on shore ia readiness for being placed when a hostile visitant is expected. A sagacious local practitioner at Kidder minster observed that during a recent outbreak of typhoid the teetotallers suffered severely, while the beer drinkers enjoyed comparative immunity. This he attributed, not to the good ness of the beer, but to the badness of the water. Followiug up this clue, he succeeded in tracing the mis chief to a particular well which Was danger ously close to the sewage works. Ho coin- muuicatcd his ideas to other medical men, and they mot in conference to compare notes. The result was that tliey recommended the closing of the well for ever. They could not trace any cases to; tlie milk Bupply. .Some sanitary details of local importance were gone into, for. although the well was the chief cause of offence, it was rightly supposed that it was not the only one. There 13 reason for believing that typhoid originates from defective drainage, even though that does not affect the water supply. When both air and water aro con taminated, the case is bad indeed, Tho outbreak in Kidderminster has been ex ceedingly severe, the number of patients rising to 700, bo that it is mote like a medieval plague than an epidemic of the nineteenth century, A thorough examination of the water of the suspected well should be made in the hope of discovering tho disease producing organism. Although the medical men of Kidderminster appear to bo of the right sort, they will need the aid of experts in the carrying on of microscopic researches. Tho old story abont the disappearance of birds during tho prevalence of a plague has been revived in connection with tbe course of the cholera at Marseilles. This is ono of those things that are so hard to believe that some thing like demonstration is required to establish them, and the evidence falls very far Bhort of that. The coming and going of birds cannot be recorded like the changes of temperature, of rainfall, or of barometric pressure ; and there aro sometimes differences of opinion even on these points among thoso. who rely on fhoir own sensations and reminiscences. With regard to the birds, a single investigator, perhaps, jumps to a con clusion and communicates his couvictiona to a society or a newspaper — aud that is all. As ageucral rule a theory that is based on tho fancy of a solitary observer is ab solutely worthless. The movements of birds ore regulated solely by tho circumstances which affect their own comfort, and these are chiefly temperature and food. Different naturalists in tho same locality will not always agree in observations of their movements. Tlioy may bo plentiful ou one side of a hedge and scarce on the other. A great many witnesses are required to establish a single fact, and even their agreement as to tho phenomena might be of little use for tho discovery of a cause. As wnn alone is affected by cholera, any theory derived from observations of animal life should be viewed with distrust. 