'f he Desperado »nd the Puritan. AiiouT tho year 1851 tho moat influential man in San Antonia wnu an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob camo to San Antonio with a foarful record. Ho enjoyod tho roputation of having killed a doxon or ao of men, aud wau roapectcd accordingly. Whilo ho waa in San Antonin ho did not ro duco tho conniiB at all, but that wbb not hia fault. Ho had a ucduotivo way of drawing hia oightoen-inoh Arkannaii toothpioh and ex amining it critically with n Minister smilo whilo humbly requesting tho temporary loan of 85. Thua waa it that Bob went about acquiring wealth and worm porso^Tv~T but creating no funorals. Thorc wni '*? that Bob: ww playing bluffXr™,1.?111'' after ha had marched away 'mt «bh It waa .liirinF! the ™,.n (',f p.,|, ^ ' l-hn lutig-rnncn roarer of Calnvpru', r IIK-- ' iw lie familiarly mll,d himnoif , W^W man from Uwioii, tm,,lt,(1 .,,',, . ' -«nng . oaino.to San Antonio, prc..,,', b v I r°'' 0 health, an 1,«- br.i,iRl,l v0 ,' '' »'J««h Ho was far ,-cinu in omlMunntii, 'I .u''1' hut the fact that he had buu 1 r°thilIB live, unless tha climate of 4,ton 7 lo saved him, induced him to eomo tn bM Antonio. Aa ovorybody carrin? .San Winthrop did not Lo V? ^ f «j»«bl, qonoy by going unarmed. Be,iLP „ ' .do' coin™ might aa seriously inteS ' t', h, -n restoration to -health aa puUin/^fi Hia Puritan traininc cnami\ h;™ 1 ?it tho idea of carrying Wm« 0,rovo1' sorted to artifice. Ho wore a l,'ni ? ho ro' Jnatcad of keeping a piatouE it h tha'd^-'1 caali f unda stored away in it »„ 1 , hl8 ; waa tho wiser for it. O?n 'the' ont ?„?$' throp wbh looked up to by tho K ?»? juBtlho aamo M if ho wasyio dod d wn!»'?h8 deadly weapona. Of course, ovat,b0a? wS to mako tho stranger from MttiBBoWt, 1^ aa comfortable ps if he wns at hnm feel waa told all about Bob AuBurtino 7hi B.° h° ranged roarer at least ten' tfet'^' ho wob advised not to be partioukr in I'J nd seourity for ao-dobtinoafolhoS^SS to borrow n , amall loan, unlesa.ho WntS did not wish to regain his health ntllroP) The long-rnngcd roarer ai-unlcrea intn Winthrop's room at the hotel, but boL, M desperado could ;opon his moutl or drl ! weapon tho unfortunate Yankee hrow bit hiB coat, and with trembling (lnKor itZn a \ hia pistol holster to get at L SRl1 peaae tho would-be amssin. On thG otff' hand, as soon as tho roarer saw wLl , trying to get out hia pistol ho turned I aa7? aa a ghost. Tho alleged dosperodo' 'kS knocked together, the cold sweat ToiHoS on^tryingt^onoVVdrMir ' heart beats for you, my boyf I If™ R? a°aloT h H a 'I™*' NeVM Iot 5 S galoot get tho drop on you. If anybody in sultfl you just tell them that Bob7n^C tho roarer, ib your friend.' ^wuk, Winthrop who was moro scared, if „„. aiblo, than the roarer, replied : P 'Oh, I'll givo you what you want,' and uXcwJ^1118^'1011018^^^™ With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through tho window; carrying o« ha ' sash, and ran down Commodore Btree h principal thoroughfare, with tho sash on his nook, howling, ' Police 1 police 1 ' olo»dv pursued by Winthrop, who kept on faS at hwhoh 1 or, trying to got out liiainonoy ho believing that tho desperado was runnina o his room to proouro a shot-gun with whioh to commit murder. All that afternoon Win. ' throp kept on huntiug tho roarer, to nut. ohauo peaco on any terraa, and the roaror hid himself to avoid tbo pistol of tho Bostoa man Next morning tho long-ranged roarer of tho Calaveras canyon waa missinc, and Winthrop was tho lion of tbo day for havini! ? run off tho terror of the Alamo City 