Typical Turfites. By "Freelance." Uo. 5.— TRAINEES. Tbaikebs— like owners and jockey— are too important a body to be polished off in a single chapter. This article accordiu ly will be merely introductory, and I fear will be somewhat disjointed, as the subject is one which admite of so varied a treatment, that tha space allotted me is hardly sufficient for even au introduction to the salient features of training as a science and trainers as its exponents. Weight don't stop a good 'on when he's fit "was the very audible remark of "The Leviathan" as Frying Pan cantered in for The Bookmakers Purse, on Saturday, carry- 2min. 42fsec. No ; fit and well I am of very much the same opinion ae Mr Thorn peon, vlr., that a real good animal Is not troubled as much by an extra 71b. as the occasional outcry of owners and trainers against what they consider " an unjust imposition " would lead outsiders to believe. For mjself, I am of opinion that animals like Commotion, The Ghost (now in India), Darebin, and Frying Pau would make just as fast time in a race with nine stone and a good strong man on their back, as they would with six stone piloted by 8 puny lad. This of course will bo considered rank heresy by the majority of turfites, but it is my opinion, and I write it unhesitatingly. No turfite is more popular than (he success ful traiuer when a horse heavily backed by the public passes the judge's box first, and yet, enigmatical as it may read, few sporting men are more freely criticised both by the press and public opinion than our trainers of racehorses, who are frequently made responsible, not merely for all the ill tbat equine fierii is heir to, but for in-aud-out running and a reversal of public form on the part of tbeir charges, which in nine cases out of tc-n is due to a peculiarity of the horse's temperament and not to the trainer who prepare him for the raoe, nor the jockey who ride him. How frequently we bear individuals who know rather less about the racehorse than they do about the Buuyip exclaim. 44 1 can't stund so-and-so ; he's iu Tommy What's his-name's stable, and yon never know when be'e running a stiff 'un." Now, while occasionally ' stiff 'uns" do exist in a race, I mean to assert that these cases are of very much le.-s froquent occurrence than the con stant iteration of the whisper, 44 Don't touch so-aud-so, he's cot a goer" would indicate. And these constant inuendoe are not alto gether as harmless as their p-tty nature would lead us to suppose, for public opinion occasionally reacts on the capricious mind of a disappointed owner, who — knowing that he possesses a good horse— is dissatisfied uDleas he wins everything he start for. We have not, in Australia, had a9 maoy ex amples of owners' horses being withdrawn from the trainer as a result of his honesty being distrusted, as have occurred recently at home; but, nevertheless, rumours arc con- etautly float lug about, and within the last couple of years a case which, to ear the least, involved a considerable amount of unpleasant ness and resulted in an action for damages, cropped up, if I remember aright, out of the in-and-out running of Napper Tandy. Of course public opinion was not solely to blame for this occurrence, nor was tha running of the horse alluded, to alto gether as consistent as, ear, the performances of Commotion. However, ae this is but a general article, I aiu precluded, by limited space, from treating this phase of the training question as exhaustively a9 1 would like. Treating on Australian t rainers, and gaugiug their success by the number of winning brackets earned by horses prepared by them, the private Iraiocrs arc far aud away the more successful, the public trainers, although more numerous, being either indi vidually less competent, or the horses en- trusted to their care are not of such a high class as those prepared by private trainers. Looking at training horses as a science, the most able, or at least the most successful, exponents of the art arc the Dakin?, De Mestres, and Wilsons ; the Morrisons, Foulshanis, and Langs runniog into second place ; and I fancy, moreover, that those gentlemen who. on the training ground, place the least amount of reliance on the time test, as applied to a trial, gauge the ability of their animals more closely tbau those' trainers who are constantly galloping their favourites against the watch. My objections to the time test are in superable, and although a horeo who has answered a question satisfactorily, aud who has done his mile aud a half in 2wiu. 40sec., may win his race, rcpeatiug the performance in public, that event rarely comes off, for the race will, in ail probability, be run at a totally different pace. Ooe race may be scrambled for from start to finish, while another is run slowly for the first mile, and the real race reduced to the last four fur- longs. For example, I believe, in a slow-run two-mile race, Archie, fit and well, could win, beutiog animals who, if a hut pace were made from the jump, could almost distance bim; aud of course in the two instance the time made by the same animals would vary some second?. In my opinion there is nothing like a cood schoolmaster, say Commotion or The Drummer, through whom a good line can be obtained, and whose companionship in a trial is worth 'all the watches in crea tion. Trainers vary as much in their opinion as to when a horse is fit as their horses do in condition and temperament. As au old and experienced trainer remarked to me only this morning, 44 The tendvuey of the majority of the registered trainers is to gallop the inrides out of their horse and make them four or live stone too light." Now, with all due deference to the opinion of the trainer al luded to, I certainly have an idea that no mania competent to judge of the condition of an animal save the trainer, who sees the horse daily, witnesses the work he does, and kuo«re bow Lo does it. Phantom, for example, was pointed out to me on Saturday as being altogether too fine, and, if appearances go for anything, the grey son of Lecturer could do with another couple of stone of flc-sh. Still, his trainer ie in the beet position to judge of the condition of hie charge, who may possess a natural inclination to be light, and who may be fitter to race when fiue than when a bit above him self. Of course, in estimating the abilities of our Australian trainers, every consideration must be made for tbc good luck which falls to the lot of some of them in' having charge of clinking good animate. The preparation of a colt like Martini-Henry, par cxemple, would make the reputation and fortuue of a , hitherto unknown trainer, who, in the ordi nary course of affairs, is doomed to plod along faking up crocka for Moonee Valley and up-country meetings ; and, per contra, if the persevering and popular trainer of Frying Pan and Magnet had the misfortune to get hold of no better animals than the slug Prodigal, no amount of assiduity and attention would maiot∈ his reputation as a clever trainer in the estimation of that critical body, the outside sporting public. In a future article I eh&U; have eomethiug to eay. individually, relating to eome of the registered trainers, both eulogistic and condemnatory, gauged not merely by the test of success, but by the class of animals entrusted to their cam and the manner in which tbeir own money is got on. Some of onr trainexa can tell eome queer yarns relating to the manner in which some of their greatest morals have been upset by disobedience on the part of the jockey ; while jockeys on the otbbr' hand tell a different tale, and assent that races are frequently lost owing to the trainer's instructions to 44 just Win by half-a-length." These orden are of course given with the laudable deeire of hoodwinking the handicapper, bat that they do not invariably come off was proved very recently- when a knowing crowd, wbo own a very good animal, but who are not anxious that the handicapper and other outside indi viduals should know what he oould do, gave strict orders to the jockey to make as close a thing of it as he conld, and the rider, carrying out his instructions to the letter, waited until the last moment (under the impression that be oould win as be liked), and was just beaten on the post. Very little doubt existed, either in the nriod of trainer or jockey, as regards the ability of the horse to win— and win easily— if ridden vigorously, and this fact was illustrated shortly afterwards in another race, when the jockey who rode him made up his mind to make no mistake this time, and the animal won by f oar dear lengths. In a future artiole 41 The Trainer," will bo more exhaustively treated on. 