MCSWELK BBO0K.. MUNICIPAL BHSOTIOÏC To-day (Saturday) the election of two aldermen to fill the seats vacated by the re- tirement of Aldermen Dowell and Rasmussen took place, and for the first time for many years a great deal of interest was manifested in the result. The two retiring aldermen were again candidates, and two others, viz., Messrs. J. T. Rees and Wm. Davison, were nominated. The general feeling was clearly in favor of the return at the head of the poll of Mr. Dowell, who it was expected would be closely run home by Mr. Rees. Great ex- citement prevailed throughout the day, the supporters of each candidate working like " niggers " in the interest of their several favorites. Every, kind of vehicle available was pressed into the service, and the constant traffic to and from the polling place made our town present an unusually lively appearance. When the hour of closing the poll arrived, the excitement culminated in the adjournment to the opposite hostelry of the two " favorites" and their prominent supporters, where a weary hour of expectation was spent in drinking success to the already elected Aldermen. It was then noticed that the other two candi- dates-whose exertions throughout the day had no doubt convinced them that they hadn't the " ghost of a show" of being returned,-had carefully retired to the seclu- sion of their respective homes where it is to be hoped in the interest and the well-being of the municipality they will pavtnanantly remain. At length after a tedious hour, the doors of the School of Arts were again thrown open, and the Returning-officer (Mr. Bussell) roughly declared the result as follows : Mr. S. J. Dowell. 127 J. T. Rees. 101 W. Rasmussen. 49 W. Davison. 46 The announcement was received with hearty cheering, the win being a thoroughly popular one.-The Returning-officer announced that the official declaration of the poll would take place at noon on Monday, the 11th instant. The ratepayers are to be congratulated on their choice, and we feel confident that when the newly-elected aldermen again come to seek our suffrages they will have every reason to feel satisfied that in the election of MeBBrB. Dowell and Rees they have done the very best thing possible for the advancement and pros- perity of the municipality. So mote it be. Muswellbrook, Feb. 9, 188a. 