posterity to puzzle over. LACK OF TASTE. True taste ia all the more appreciated on account of the plentiful lack of it, especially iu those persons who by a turn of the wheel of fortuoe, and with no labor on their part, have suddenly acquired wealth, and with it the silly ambition to shine in positions to which their antecedents and natural bent of mind has not fi:ted them. It is well for the world that these people have a passion for inordinate display, for it is better that they snould scatter the money than to hoard it up, or, still worse, lay it out on land to the p h t a enslaving of future generations. In no city, probably, are there BO many of these parveuuea as in New York, and it is sadly amusiug to read of how the mushroom plutacr&ts;, in the midst of such poverty, contrive to squander enormous sums on trivialities. Tne old seem even more foolish than the young. I notice that the baldheaded men in New York have hit on a new idea. They eschew the notion that grey hairs arc venerable, and it has become quite the ra^ to have on their bald pates beautiful landscapes andother scenes painted by eminent artists at the cost of as much as £100 each. If ever there was a perverted taste for the beautiful, surely this is it in a concentrated form. Poor old fools! they have nothing beautiful inside their heads, and so they squander the money in getting something beautiful painted outside, Well, after all, jt is good for tbe artists, and the sooner such idiots get shut of their money the better for every I),,(i v. A much more serious instance of want of taste has been the subject of much severe comment during the week. This occurred at the opening of the Salvation Army Barracks last Saturday, when Major Barker formally opened the building "in the name of the Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost, and General Booth." It nsed to be considered blasphemy in the Victorian Yankees to couple the name of Jesus Christ with that of General Jackson; but that seems to me to sink into insignificance when I hear the names of the Trinity linked in a formal and public manner w 'tn that of General Booth. Good heavens! what are we 00ming to in Ballarat, that inch an utterance could pass before any crowd of people without some expostulation, and tokens of disapproval ? I do notjbelieve snch athiog would have been allowed to •pass at any public meeting in Ballarat, before the Solvation Army came here. This, Mr Thomas Williams, tbe hale old bridegroom of sevebty.Dine, as good as attested to at Hallelujah wedding to tbe prepossessing Miss Thomas last Tuesday. This old gentle- "!•», who is in tbe habit of getting np in his ughtshirt to pray, stated that when be came to BilUrat "he wonld never forget his impremions as he first walked the streets. Jbey reminded him of tbe old country. The quietness of the streets; no larrikins about; people wending their way to some place of worship, and the beautiful bells in the tower, all reminded him of home." Thus, praoiipally. the old gentleman argues that a change has come o'er the spirit of tbe dream" now that we have the Salvation Army established in our midst. If so, he is "got, to my knowledge; for I know young JMowtao went regularly to plaoea of worship «W. and who, seduced by tho toreof novelty d excitement, left their placeof worship for' oe salvation meetings, and the howltv over E hey left them, and now they g7to"o n E f worsh.p asserting that at the Swfttf rmy meetings they got their Enll of rel^ — c 