BLUE RIBBON ARMY IIISSION. BALD BILL, LYNDHDIIST. A meeting in connection with the above mission was held in the Bald Hill ?1tate School on Friday evening last, at which there was a good attendance, ttie building being crowded. At about eight o'clock Mr. Jobeon rose and said it was usual on such occasions for Mr.' T. Hehderson to preside, he being the district president; and he would like to see him in that posi tion then. Mr. Henderson, in taking tile chair said that bo was glad that he was to oc' cupy that position, as he would not be ox ected to make a long speech; as not heing wound up he could not say much. His duties were to call upon the speakers and to keep order. There were such a number of blue ribbons present that this latter duty would be a sinecure. In fact he had a blue ribbon himself. He had been nineteen years a total abstainer, but had not worn a blue ribbon until lately, but he did not think the wearing of a blue ribbon could make him a better ab stainer. He had put himself into the movement heart and soul, and although a little man, would go into it "lemons." Hymn 176 was then sung, and Mr. Hen derson resumed. There were a great many present total abstainers, but he hoped there would be more before the meeting was over. As president he wished to inform them there was abenefit lodge in connection with total abstainence the I.O.R., which was one of the best lodges in the colony. He compared the benefits received from other lodges in the event of sickniess or accident, and stated that the I.O.R. could afford to give better benefits as their members were not so liable to either sickness or accidents. Before they could be members of this lodge they had to be total abstainers. Some 30,000 people had lately joined the Blue Ribbon Army, in town, and he had heard people say, "Oh, they won't keep it, not half of them. As soon as the rib bon wore out they would take it off." But he considered it was the same as clenching a nail, and when once in should never be taken out. He had been to see a doctor lately and when he told him his age the doctor was surprised and would not have taken him to be within seven years of it. But he also told him that if he had not been a total abstainer he would not Iave alive at that moment. and bade him give up smoking. This latter was the hardest thing he had ever been told to do in his life, but he sup posed he would have to give it up. (Ap plause.) He would now take the oppor tunity of saying a few words with refer ence to this habit. At one time they had a debating society in Berwick, and the question "Was habitual smoking injurious to the health," once arose. He under took to say it was, and straightway went to their public library, a very good ,one, and collected every work that had any thing about smoking in it, encyclopaedias and all. The consequence was that he beat the smokers hollow, as they could not.get the books, he having taken them all home with him. (Laughter.) But seriously, he found from the various works he looked at that smoking was very in jurious to young people, stunting their growth, &c.; A number of doctors agreed however, that it did not have such an ef fect on the system of people who did not commence until they were twenty-one. He again reverted to the utility of the LO.R. lodges. From the young people the future legislators of the colony must come, andwhat would fit them better than by becoming total abstainers. There were two lodges close at hand one at Dandenong and the other at Cran bourne, of which Bro. Thompson was se cretary, and would be happy to take any names. Mr. Carr was then called on to speak. He remarked that he was not prepared to make a speech, and therefore, perhaps, he should sit down, but before doing so he would say a few words for the cause. Whilst sitting there that evening he was wondering why men drink. That ques tion was really unanswerable, although many had excuses. One man he had asked said "so as to circulate money;" another, "It helped a man to work;" and another called it "a creature of God." It was as much a creature of God as a snake, for who would tread on it or take it up and nurse it. No, they would take a stick and despatch it. He then pro ceeded to show how, in various ways, a man who was a total abstainer was better than a drinker. Some men abstained from selfish motives and others for the good of their friends, but it was far better to abstain, He then decried moderate drinking. No man who started drinking did so aith the deliberate intention of be coming a drunkard. Want of decision was the great weakness of the majority of the people, and quoted Dr. Young's lines bearinmg on that point, and drew attention to the old saying that "a certain name less place was paved with good intentions." This showed the want of decision of char acter in a great number. He exhorted those present to stick to the cause and spread it if possible, and at the conclu sion of his speech was greatly applauded. -Some amusinganeedotesshosing tiebe nefit of being a total abstainer by Mr. Henderson then followed. Mr. Tuckfield, who was next called on, stated that the other day he had heard Mr. Booth say that there were three boards broad enough to h6ld all sensible people i?. Christianity, Total Abstinence, and Charity. Christianity and Clharity should accompany Total Abstinence in a telescopic manner, each blending into the other. What he warnted to know was what was the Blue Ribbon Army. Mr. Glover, in speaking of this, said that there was an old woman who lived in the bush who did not know what the Blue Ribbon Army was. Oneday herhusband came home wearing a blue ribbon. She asked hin what he meant by wearing that mean piece of blue ribbon for, but hlie would not tell her until Saturday. On the Saturday he brought her home a handfull of money, his wages, saying, "that's the blue ribbon." She then ex claimed, " Oh, if that's it you shall have a blue suit." He then proceeded and showed how the various trades were beno fitted by total abstinence. The blue rib ben gave comfort and home blessings, and kept men out of the mire, and men also lived more nobly and proved themselves ablessing. They should be very earnest in the matter. Mr. Glover wished to know what was anything without en thusiasm, and depicted the excitement at a race meeting, and also of a fight between two crickets, one of which was a cripple but bit the others head off. If a man tried to save a friend from destruction he would be told, "What a lot of fuass and excitement you are making over it." The excitement over an old nag winning a race was pardonable, but to save a friend was not so. This was the point Mr. Glover wished to show. If men went ineo sate. of excitement over hors. racing, cricket-fghting, &c.;, why should they not do the same over their fellow men. . Take an auctioneer for instance. Their friend Mr. Clarke, of Dandcniong, when selling a beast would try - to make his hearers excited, saying, "Now,' gen tlemen, who's going to bid for this fihe beast?-last and only chance!-going! going! gone!" and the beaot was sold. Exeitement did it alL Enthusiasm.was the groat thing. .As christians they were not half enough enthusiastic. Why do people join the Blue Ribbon.Armyl To show their colors, of course. In other days when a slaver met a British man-of war the latter run up the Union Jack and the slaver either showed false colors or ran.. They had nothing to be ashamed of. Their colors meant liberty. The pirates used to hoist the black flag with the skull and crossbones, and would chase ships, firing into them and wrecking them if possible. Why should they allow the black flag of destruction to chase them out? He liked showing their.colors. Down with the flagshipof death-drink. He informed them that in his speech at Bairnsdale Mr. Berry had promised that local option would be introduced next session. This was as it should be. He did not see why they should not have the same privileges as the dwellers in the city, and exhorted those present to use their influence to prevent the curse of drink spreading. (Applause.) Mr. Henderson then sang "Onward to victory," a temperance song, in a very pleasing manner, for which he received an ovation. He then called on Mr. Job son who opened his address by stating that he thought the best thing those who joined the Blue Ribbon Army could do was afterwards to join a Tent, as their chairman had previously said. There were 89 names enrolled at Lyndhurst in the Blue Ribbon Army. He was pleased to see that so many had joined. They had a better average even than Melbourne where one in every ten belonged to the movement. Great praise was due to the ladies of the district for their efforts in the matter, they having left no stone un turned, and the result was that nearly double the number had joined since the inauguration of the mission. He now wished them to become members of a " Tent," which would prove a safe in vestment, as it was a very solvent institu tion. His heart was in the Blue Ribbon movement. As Mr. Tuckfield had said, there was nothing like enthusiasm, and quoted some remarks made by Mr. Lang ley to that effect. He repeated an amnius ing story told by M"Ir. Glover of a man who once joined the Blue Ribbon Army. Upon coming home he asked his wife to seow a piece of blue ribbon on everything he wore, even to his night-shirt, and the only reason he could give her was that he had made a vow that he would never ap pear on the street without a piece of blue ribbon, and some night the house might take fire, therefore he intended to be pre pared. This was the right spirit. Every one should stick to their colors and not be ashamed of them. He gavean instance of a young man who at one time gave. way to drink but fras afterwards induced to reform. For some years after that he lived happily with'his wife in a nice little home where everything was comfortable. This young man was in the habit of read ing aloud every evening, and one night the thought struck him that he would read much better if he had a drink. Ac cordingly he went and had one. He re peated the dose next evening and after wards continued the habit until lie developed into an inveterate sly drinker. Gradually this became known, although he thought it a secret, and his business began to dwindle by degrees until at last he had recourse to a friend to borrow money to carry on business. His friend repulsed him, and he. then applied to another who also refused to help him. When he asked his friend why he did so, he was told that it was because he had become a sly drinker. He then went from bad to worse, and on one occasion he stopped out drinking until four o'clock in the morning. When ho arrived home lihe found the light burning, and his wife kneeling at the side of the bed praying for him. She took his hand and pulled him down alongside her and offered up aloud a prayer to the Lord for the re demption of her husband. This was the turning point in his life. That man was General Booth, and no one could say but that he had stuck to his colors and saved many from going to perdition. The Blue Ribbon was much harder to take off than put on. Abstainers should remember that they were disciples of Christ. Tem perance was founded on the book that never lied, the " Rock of Ages. " When temptation beset them they should look at the blue ribbon and be fortified. Probably there would be'a falling off in the ranks of the Army. That was to be ex pected, but he was sure that those present would not fall off. If there was any temptation they should turn to Christ. He was pleased to see so many remaining firm. He hoped to see more become members. Why should' there not be another 89. He exhorted them to bring their friends with them and thus induce others to join the cause. He wound up by advocating the desirability of those present joining an I.O.R. lodge. (Great applause.) After a song by Mr. Henderson, Mr. Smith of Fern Hill, was called upon to speak, He said he would not make a long speech. He once heard a gentleman at Westeroport say there were two things he disliked-long speeches and long ladies-the former he disliked himself, but could not say the same of the latter. At one time there was a gentleman who was prone to make long speeches. He 'was remonstrated with twoor three times, but without avail, as he still continued the habit. At length, being spoken t. one evening prior to speaking he told the chairman to prick him on the leg with a pin when Ihe thought he ladl said enough. Accordingly he did so, but it had no ef fect. He prodded hisa again, but not the least notice was taken. Next timo the pin was put in his leg and kept there, and gradually pushed in until only the head could be seen. This not having the re sult desired the csairamn gave up in de spair. At last the gentleman ceased speak ing. The chairman complained of the length of time he had taken, and the gen tleman asked him why he had not pricked him with the pin as agreed on. The chairman informed him that there was a pin sticking as far as it could go then in the calf of hIis leg, to which he replied, " ou should have pricked the other leg, you have got it in the cork one." The speaker thoughlt tlhat it woold not be necessary for the chairman to prod him with a pin as he would not take up much time. He stated that 90,000 peo ple died annually in Great Britain and the United States, and proceeded to de pict the horrors of drunkenness in vivid terms. He exhorted those those present to be.more energetic in the cause,, com paring drinkennesa to a sinking ship and temperanoc the lifeboat which the pes sengers are saved. Ho also told an amusing ghost story, .illustrating the fact that there were many people would try to frighten others out of doing their duty, but' who, if put to the; test, were the greatest cowards tlionmbelves.' Another hymn wa siung and the chair man then invited any of those present who had not joined'the Blue Ribbon Army to come forward and do so, and read aloud the pledge to be signed;. 'He remarked that a number. drank for the sake of company, 'but total abstainers could have social enjoyments just as well without going to public houses. He was pleased to see so maniy people from Lynd hurst present at the Berwick Show wear ing the blue ribbon, but he had a slight suspicion that there were a few amongst those present who had not joined. Two were then enrolled, and whilst the rib bons were being sewed on ?Mr. Henderson related an instance concerning two men who met at a public house door, one coming in and the other going out. The one coming in asked the other what sort of stuff was the beer sold there 1 Was it good I ard received this reply, "Goodsh i (hic) Looksh at me for fourpence." He drew a moral from this incident, and then Mr. Smith favored the audience with a most pathetically worded song showing the dire results of drink, for which he was greatly applauded. Mr. Thompson, who was next called upon to speak, said he was overjoyed to see so many Blue Ribbon men present. He thought they were doing the right thing. Like their chairman he. could speak from both sides of-,the question. Moderate drinking was a dangerous evil. Some said they could either take it. or want it, but let them take it for a. while and then knock it off, and something in side them would say, "give me, give me." Drink was a species of vile slavery, a chain, every link was so strong. As had been said that evening the power of Jesus alone would save them. Booth and Glover were doing immense good in Melbourne, and thousands would have cause to bless them. Drink was insidious. He thanked God for the Blue Ribbon movement for the sake of the young peo ple around them. It was a grand truth that total abstinence added to the length of life, and also enabled a man to do his duty. A man who drank was below the level of the brute-demoralized. He was pleased to see that local option was coming forward. Theyshould use their best en deavours to aid it. It was a grand thing and bound to succeed. As Secretary of the Cranbourne Tent he would be pleased to enroll a number of the young men pre sent as members thereof. A man who had the resolution to join them and the firmness to withstand temptation was sure to get on in the world. He stated that the lodge owned a hallat Cranbourne upon which there was not one penny of debt. Each individual member of the lodge owned a share of the building so that they were in a good position. He had a few words to say about the ladies. He believed in their aid and influence. They did a great deal to spread the cause. He concluded by urging those present to do the samne. The chairman thanked the audience for their attendance and hoped to see them all again on a future occasion. This ter minated the proceedings and the meeting then broke up. 