TO THE EDITOE. Sir — In a letter under the heading 'Slanders on the Salvation Army,' appear ing in your issue of December 10, that indefatigable ' defender : of the spiritual claims inhuman nature and destiny,' Mr. C. Reimers, makes a short allusion to my last communication' to you. It is a sort of explanatory reference, and in it he expresses the pleasure it would be to him if I would recognise my views 'as being up to the mark' by attaching my 'own name to further suggestions.' Well, as a matter of fact. I have not the slightest doubt as to the truth of anything I have said respecting spiritnalism, and am prepared to uphold my position immediately; it is attacked. To show my 'sincerity and courage' — both of which I possessed under the norn de plume— I attach my name to this letter. It is undesirable, indeed it is unnecessary, that I should occupy very much of your space just now ; but I have an innate prompting to never let an op portunity pass unuEed, and I cannot close these remarks without adding a little to what I have already, in former letters, said as regards spiritualism and spiritualists. The fact is spiritualism is founded, for the greater part at any rate, on the teaching of the ' first of the Latin Fathers,' Tertullian, and has been supported by ideas (which, I believe, have not the autaority of Christ) that the Scriptures contain the doctrine of the entity and the immortal principle of the 'soul,' that the 'soul' of man when it leaves the body wings its way to some region— by some called 'paradise!' by others 'purgatory,' and by David (Act3 ii. 27) ' Hades'— idealized as between earth and heaven. Before the world was known to be spherical the spirits of men were believed to go after leaving the body to the 'under world or unseen place, where a deep twilight ever reigned, and the poor ghosts of those vvho had left the upper world of light (the earth) flitted about in an obscure haze till their time of judgment came.' Now that the world is round the ' world of spiritual entities,' aa I have said, is situated above the earth. In this mystic region of spirits departed souls are engaged in a preparation for an ascension ' to a higher sphere, whence a return to earth is no longer enjoined.' This is on the authority of Katie King, who, we are told, informed Mr. Crookes that she had 'worked out her own salva tion.' Katie surely believed in the ultimate salvation of all, or the probability of man, if not too bad, being released from 'purgatory' after due punishment. I am afraid I am ex ceeding the limit of space allotted to me, but rsally the subject opens up so largely before my mind that I am very loth even now to come to a conclusion. Mr. Reimers is ' tired of fighting ' dummies.' and likes to know the 1 parentage' of every thought worth knowing ;' therefore 1 am pleased to disclose my name, lam, Sir, &c;, R. B. BANYER. Kapnnda, December 11, 1884. 