bring in the candles. IFrom the Sunday at EomeA In the year 1666 the belief spread through the length and breadth of England that the. end of the world was at hand. Where the idea originated is not known. The times were portentous, and astrologers and students of prophecy broached various ideas, which probably fostered the natural propensity of mankind to foretell "the end of things created." It chanced during that summer, while the assizes were being held in one of the towns in the western circuit that a terrible storm most suddenly arose. The court was then ait* ting, and the bench was occupied by Sir Matthew Hale, at that time Lord Ohief Baron. An eminent barrister who was present has described the scene. Yery sud denly an awful darkness overspread the heavens; vivid flashes of lightning at intervals irradiated every object in court with a lurid brilliancy; loud peals of thunder rattled overhead, and the rever beration seemed to shake the very walls of the building. The effect on the assembled crowd was strange and fearfuL A general consternation seized all, and each looked with eyes of alarm at his neighbor. Pre sently a whisper ran through the assembly that the dread moment had arrived. The sudden thought seized them that the day of judgment was being ushered in by that fierce tumult of the elements. Every one, as by common consent, forgot the business in hand; the counsel rose from their seats, and the people present, in a paroxysm of terror, betook themselves to their knees, and prayed for mercy, believing that "the great and terrible day of the Lord" was at hand. The narrator, a man of no ordinary resolu tion and firmness of mind, confesses that he was completely unnerved by the scene; but, chancing to look towards the judicial bench, he perceived the judge perfectly unmoved, calm, and self-possessed, amid the general confusion, He continued to make his notes, as though all were proceeding in the usual routine, and by his countenance and deport ment it was evident that his thoughts were perfectly composed. From this the barrister drew the conclusion that the great man whom he was observing had his heart bo stayed upon God, that no surprise, however sudden, could discompose him, and, "he verily believed that, if the world had then really to end, it would have given him no considerable dis turbance." The anecdote is worthy of the reputation of Sir Matthew Hale. We are reminded by it of thoae lines of Dr. Watts Then should the earth's old pillars shake, And all the powers ol nature break, Our steady souls shall iear no more Than solid rocks when billows roar. So in the days of old Rome Horace wrote of the just man:— Si fractus illabitur orbis Impavidum ferient ruin<e. It matters not whether it be the day of doom or the day of death, or of any calamity, there is no such security against fear as calm well-doing, in trustful reliance upon God. The American poet Whittier has retold a story which well illustrates the place of duty in tho emergencies of life. Plain, practical common sense is an admirable servant of true faitb. ABRAHAM DAVRNPORT. In the old days (a custom laid aside With breeches and cocked hats) the people S9nt Their wisest men to make the public laws. And so, from a brown homestead, where the Sound Drinks the small tribute of the Mianas, Waved over by the woods of Bippowams, And hallowed by pure lives and tranquil deaths, Stamford sent up to the councils of the State Wisdom and grace in Abraham Davenport. 'Twas on a May- day of the far old year Seventeen hundred eighty, that there fell Over the bloom and sweet life of the Spring, Over the fresh earth and the heaven of noon, A horror of great daTkness, like the night In day of which the Norland sajas tell— The twilight of the Gods. The iow-hung sky Was black with ominous clouds, save where its ilm Was fringed with a dull glow, like that watch climbs The crater's sides from the red hell below. Birds ceased to sing, and all the barnyard fowls Boosted; the cattle at the pasture bars lowed and looked homeward; bats on leathern wings Flitted abroad j the sounds of labor died; Men prayed, and women wept; all ears grew sharp To hear the doom-blast of the trumpet shatter The black sky, that the dreadful face of Christ Might look from the rent clouds, not as he looked A loving guest at Bethany, but stern As Justice and inexorable Law. Meanwhile in the old State House, dim as ghosts, Sat the lawgivers of Connecticut, Trembling beneath their legislative robes. " It is the Lord's Great Day! let us adjourn, Some said; and then, as if with one accord, All eyes were turned to Abraham Davenport. He rose, slow cleaving with his steady voice The intolerable hush- "This weilmaybe The Day of Judgment which the world awaits; But be it so or not, I only know My present duty, and my Lord's command To occupy till He come. So at the post Where He hath set me in His providence, I choose, for one, to meet Him face to face No faithless servant frightened from my task, But ready when the Lord of the harvest calls; And therefore, with all reverence, I would say, Let God do His work, we will sea to ours. Bring in the candles." And they brought them ill. Then by the flaring lights the Speaker read, Albeit with husky voice and shaking hands, An act to amend an act to regulate The shad and alewive fisheries. Whereupon Wisely and well spake Abraham Davenport, Straight to the question, with no figures of speech Save the ten Arab sigrs, yet not without 3he shrewd dry humor natural to the man 3 Eis awe-3truck colleagues listening all the while, Between the pauses of his argument, To hear the thunder of the wrath of God Break from the hollow trumpet of the cloud. And there he stands in memory to tbi3 day, Brect, self-poised, a rugged face, half seen Against the background of unnatural dark, A witness to the ages as they pass. That simple duty hath no place for fear. We are reminded by this inoidenfc of another scene where the bringing in o£ the candles marked the conclusion of a graver question. In the General Assembly of the Kirk of Scotland, held at Stargon in 1633, Alexander Henderson was moderator, after ward3 one of the commissioners to the West minster Assembly. The Royal Commissioner, the Marquis of Hamilton, perceiving that the Assembly were about to censure the bishops, and subject them to Presbyterian rule, in the name of the king, as the head of the church, dissolved the Assembly, and discharged their further proceedings. It was a critical moment. Had the assembly dismissed in obedience to this summary and unconsti tutional order it would have amounted to a virtual acknowledgment of the king's claim to be the head of _ the church in all matters, although this inde pendence in matters spiritual was guaranteed by law. The moderator ordered a protest, prepared in anticipation of such a crisis by the Chancellor Rothes, to be read by the clerk, in which, for the reasons stated, they declared " in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the only head and monarchof His church, that from a consciousness of our duty to God and His truth, the king and his honor, this kingdom and her peace, this assembly and her freedom, and the safety of ourselves and our posterity in our persons and estates, we profess, wich sorrowful and heavy bat loyal hearts, we can not dissolve this assembly." This protest being read, the moderator delivered a cheer ing address, in which he adroitly turned the departure of the king's commissioner into an encouragement for him to remain. Seeing that his grace, tbe lord commissioner, is so zeaiousof his master's commands, have we not also good reason to be zealous towards our Lord, and to maintain the liberties and privileges of Hie .kingdom?" All remained at their post except one or two who slunk away. The moderator then ordered lights to be brought id, and the question being put, "If they would abide the whole time of the assembly and adhere to the protestation," the whols assembly rose, and, as with one voice, voted in the affirmative. We refer at such length to this scene because it was a turning point in the history of the Scottish Kirk and of the kingdom in the seventeenth century; and because" it was tho 3ame conflict o£ authority which in cur own day led to the disruption of the Scottish Establishment and the formation of the Free Church of Scotland. 