SCIENCE OP THE DAY. Everybody is pretty well acquainted by this time with the course that an ordinary spiritualistic revival runs : the faithful few who have manaced to believe through the last period oi depression oegin to piucK up courage, they break through the crust of sullen reticence under which they had hidden themselves from ridicule, and begin gradually to relate more and more impressive expe riences to their sceptical acquaintances, the fairer-minded of whom are perhaps at last led to admit that 'there maybe something in it.' Then is the time for the clever tribe of mediums to issue, and, beelike. to gather during the brief summer from the faithful few and the enquiring sceptics a sufficient supply of golden coin to furnish meet sub sistence through the next winter of depres sion. But the pockets of the great common sense public remain unopened flowers to these thrifty gatherers of the yellow dust. The latest attempt to open them is by ap pealing to common sense ; the newest English mediums, instead of getting np seances and trotting out the ghosts of Shakspeare and Queen Elizabeth as easily as the showman works Punch and Judy, modestly advertises that he will merely give an interesting exhi bition of muscle-reading. This change of policy promises to be equally beneficial to public and medium, because now people can give their attention to a large class of facts which require attention, without running the risk of being called spiritualists. Indeed, in their eagerness to conciliate the common sense public, and avoid all suggestion of mysterious and superstitious agency, the latest mediums (such as Mr. Cumberland) have gone quite beyond their province in calling their exhibition 'muscle-reading,' because no one as yet knows what to attri bute the phenomena to. In fact a letter pub lished by Dr. Lodge, Professor of Physics at Liverpool, and well-known in England as a scientific man, shows that there is no muscle reading in the case. He was invited along with other scientific men in Liverpool to a private exhibition of thought transference. After two thinkers had been several times success ful in instilling the idea of some object or drawing on which they were steadfastly fixing their thoughts into the mind of the blindfold percipient or subject, he brought into the room a double opaque sheet of thick paper with a square drawn on one side and a cross on the other, and silently arranged it between the two operators so that each looked on one side without a notion of what was on the other ; the percipient was not informed that any modification was made in the usual operation, and there was a clear space of several feet between her and the operators as well as between the operators. There was silence till the percipient exclaimed, 'The things won't keep still. I seem to see things moving about. First 1 see a thing up there, and then down there ; I can't Bee either dis tinctly. The object was then hidden, and the percipient with eyes nnbandaged was told to draw the impression in her mind on a sheet of paper. She drew a square and then eaid, 'There was the other thing as well,' when she filled in a cross from corner to corner. There was certainly no muscleread ing here, but there was apparently trans ference of thought. Dr. Lodge BayB there was no possibility of collusion, but un fortunately does not tell us how he satisfied himself of this impossibility. However, the great thing is that scientific men and the com mon-sense public are willing to assist in the gathering of experimental facts, without ad vancing theories which ask us to believe that the ghosts of our departed frionds can be harnessed on to tables and coalscuttles at the bidding of any medium— in short without advancing any theory whatsoever till ' facts, facts, facts' are gathered in abundance. To pass from mediums to magnetism sounds natural enough, because the words 'magneto' and ' electro' have become the ' open se sames' of the spiritualistic swindler. Pro fessor Barrett, of Dublin, has been investi gating the effect of magnetism on the human body. Quite recently Sir William Thomson remarked that it is wonderful that we have no Bense of magnetism as we have of sight and sound. Such a sense would be invalu able to us, for space around us is as thoroughly traversed with lines of magnetic force as it is with rays of lig_ht during the day, but the lines of magnetic force would not leave us d.flring!darkness— we would feel the presence of all the bodies round us, and in the blackest of pitch darkness would know as. well what movement was going on as in the broad day light. However, although we have not got a special magnetio sense, Professor Barrett thought it worth while to enquire whether the senses we have got take cognizance of magnetism. Out of one hundred people examined he has found three who when their heads are placed between the poles of an electro-magnet know when the current is running or when it is stopped, and these same three if taken into a dark room where there ia a powerful electro-magnet see a faint glow over the poles when it is active. He tests them by noiselessly interrupting, the current in another room ; they always ex claim that the light is gone when he breaks the current. Facts such as these should not give people any more faith in the thousand and one quack Bo-called magnetic remedies, but should prove to them that when the scientific man knows so little of the effect of magnetism on the human body, the adver tiser of magnetic nostrums is in all cases taking advantage of the mysterious associa tions of the word ' magnetic' to fascinate, and thereby to dupe. Some time ago Mr. Galloway drew atten tion to the prominent part played by coal-dust in those terrible explosions in the English coal mines of which we hear from time to time. The old idea was that the explosion was always due to an inrush of fire-damp, a gas some what like coal-gas, from some cavern broken into by the miners. Mr. Galloway main tains that the explosions can be explained entirely by means of coal-dust, and that fire damp is not at all a necessary cause. It is obviously quite intelligible that an atmo sphere charged with very .fine coal-dust should be highly explosive when one thinks what a volume of gas each particle contains ready to be liberated at a certain temperature, and any particle owing to its minuteness is easily raised to that temperature on contact with flame. With gunpowder aa a typical ex plosive we can readily admit Mr. Galloway's proposition that coal-dust and air in certain proportions form the explosive in most coal mine accidents. Before the days of submarine cables it was customary with naturalists to paint very gloomy pictures of the sea bottom in the middle of the great ocean. It was a scene of desolation— a vast desert without a trace of life, buried in the deepest darkness, and in tensely cold. Of course, although water in small quantities appears so perfectly trans parent, you have only to observe how sub stantial a shadow a glass trough filled with water throws in direct sunlight to convince yourself of the extent to which water absorbs light, and to realize how utterly weak a beam of light will be when it has traversed a mile of sea water. The naturalist argued that where there was no light there could be no vegetation, and where there was no vegeta tion there could be no animal life. ' But the repairing of cables soon revealed abundance of life, indeed quite a superabundance from a telegraphic engineer's point of view ; and the further study of deep-sea fauna carried out by such scientific expeditions as that of the Challenger showed that many of the forms possessed perfect eyes ; but not only were these eyes for seeing, but most brilliant and elaborate colour markings to be seen, The results of the deep-sea dredgings by the recent French Talisman expedition again draw attention to the problem of the ex istence of creatures with brilliant colours and eyes in dark waters ; and the marked and extensive arrangements for phosphorescence in some of the forms give weight to the theory propounded some years ago, that the use of phosphorescence in the marine vital economy is to illuminate the depths of the ocean, so that, instead of shining with borrowed light as we and the moon do, the creatures of the deep sea are each suns to themselves, and though beholden of all beholden to none. One of the new Talisman fishes has rings of phoBphorescenc plates round its eyes, and another can set the wonderful light playing all along its sides, ' There is no doubt that the next great fundamental problem that science has to solve is the evolution of mind. Darwin has shown how, given a low form of life to begin witil tte whole animate wprld ha3 been evolved ' tut as to how consciousness began and intelligence waa developed we are still utterly in th-5 dark. There are two lines alone which we C** wOr.k towards the hght ffiTK? isC thl Btu^y f &S;° KthTr throughout the animJ.1 W^L S? °Sf J the study of intelligence^^teaS latto study can proceed oi%£j of facta. mulation of unmenBe numb. -,0/,™ in the Darwin found the proof of his tu withered enormous store of (isolated facts t ^own Sr Wb predecessors. No man has_b. ^^ m8elf a more industrious ana discn. . nating gatherer and storer of facts than Dr. McCook— the Lubbock of America, the authority on American ants. It is an in teresting example of the scientific method to Eee him carefully putting on record his observation of a small species of wood spider. The natural habit of this spider when alarmed is suddenly to drop, paying out a foot or two of thread, and dangling in mid air. But if a female with nnhatehed eggs is alarmed she sticks to her post through all dangers, while if the young have issued from the egg she seeks her own security at once, and leaves the apparently helpless young to look after themselves. At first sight this would seem unreasonable and unnatural con duct to desert livingiyoung, and stand by life less eggs : but each young spider as soon as it is hatched has an instinct and aweb-spinning gland a« good as ita mother's, and on the slightest alarm drops into midair. If the action of the young is purely instinctive that of the mother seems very reasonable, seeing that she recognises the self-preserving provi sion in the vounc and its absence in the escx. 