South Australian Baptist Missionary Society. FURREEDPORE MISSION. This society held its eighteenth annual meeting on Monday, May 26th. A tea, attended by nearly 400 friends, was followed by an enthusiastic public meeting. Mr. C. H. Goode was in the chair, and on the platform was a number of ministers, including the Rev. R. Bion, a missionary from Bengal, and Rev. G. W. Gillings, from Victoria. After prayer had been offered by the Rev. W. Hiddlestone, the annual report was read as follows :— In our last report, allusion was made to the fact that Misses Gilbert and Arnold, our Zenana missionaries, had arrived at Calcutta, and were obtaining a knowledge of the Bengali language preparatory to going on to Furreedpore. We have now to state that on the 18th January last, these two ladies arrived safely at their new home, with which, we are happy to say, they are well satisfied, and to which they were most heartily welcomed. They have settled down thoroughly to their work, studying Bengali more perfectly, beginning their regular visitation of the women during the permitted time (about five hours a day), confin- ing their efforts in this direction to teaching, reading, possibly writing, and religious truth, and establishing a bible-class once a week for the European girls; all this in addition to the usual Sunday services. Punchanon Biswas writes how glad and happy they all are to have these ladies with them; that they are getting on wonderfully; how much they are liked; and that in the short period that had elapsed since their arrival (about two months and a half), how they had gained the golden opinions of the people. It must be evident to all how thoroughly their hearts are in the work. The long and tedious work of building the house at Furreedpore is completed, with the exception of outhouses and fencing. The committee have also sanctioned the erection of a building that can be used as a chapel and schoolroom in the bazaar, a step rendered necessary and important now that the ladies have commenced operations; built in the native style, this will be put up for R160. At the Rev. Mr, Kerry's reccomendation the committee have requested him to procure a covered conveyance for Miss Arnold's and Miss Gilbert's use, in order that they may do their work of visitation safely protected from the great heat of the sun. The cost of horse, harness, and conveyance is estimated at about £40. This unusual expenditure will, we believe, be money well spent. Through the generous courtesy of the Victorian Com- mittee, we have with us on the present occasion the Rev. R. Bion, a missionary from Eastern Bengal, where he has been successfully labouring for thirty-seven years. We have most sincerely to thank that gentleman for the many interesting details he has given us of the work in that district and trust that he may long be spared to labour for our common Lord. We should be most unthankful if we failed to acknowledge in the warmest manner the unwearied kindness we have experienced from that sincere friend to missions, the Rev. George Kerry, of Calcutta. It is little known how much we are indebted to him, and how deeply grateful we ought to be for the lively interest he takes in our work. In the beginning of the year we received a letter from our treasurer stating that a friend was willing togive £50 per annum towards the cost of supporting a European missionary-agent at Furreedpore, provided £150 be raised in addition. The committee hope that the time may soon come when the liberality of other friends will enable us to close with this offer. Punchanon Biswas writes, "In submitting my report for the year 1883, in the first place I must thank our Almighty Father, through whose loving kindness and protecting care we have been able to overcome all the dangers, difficulties, and trials, which have befallen us from time to time during the year. Then we must desire our heartfelt gratitude to our friends, benefactors, and well-wishers in South Australia, whose liberalities and prayers for us and our work, have enabled us to go on working in the Lord's vineyard. We must also thank the Rev. Geo. Kerry, of Calcutta, to whom we are greatly indebted for his good and precious advice at times of our difficulties and disappointments, and the lively interest he takes in our work. I regret that the hopes with which we began the year under review have not been realised. There were two young men who seemed very zealous and anxious for baptism, but one of them has already disappointed us, because we have lately come to know that he has been an athiest. As for the other, though we have not given him up as hopeless, still I am afraid he is losing his former zeal. I cannot report any actual conversion, or any addition to our church, but on the contrary I am sorry to say one has been excommunicated, and one has been taken from our midst by the hand of death. The latter was our beloved brother Ananda Kabiraj, by whom our Bhanga Mission was opened. But notwithstanding our sorrows and disappointments mentioned above, we have several reasons to thank God and rejoice. Amid the cloud of disappointments there has been no lack of sunshine of encouragements. We have had visitors and enquirers, who have frequently called on us, and attended our services more regularly than many of the socalled Christians do, and it will not be a mistake on our part if we cherish bright hopes for some of them, so zealous, attentive, and sincere-hearted they are. Among these the conduct of one young man is specially remarkable : he regularly attends the church every Sunday, both morning and evening, sings with us, joins in our prayer, and always seems to take pleasure in doing all these. He often says that he prefers the company of Christians to that of his Hindoo friends, and would be glad if he could stay with the former. More than five years ago, when our brother Jungal Behari Boona came out publicly to own Christ as his Saviour, his mother was ready to follow him, but was prevented by her eldest son and others; now this woman and some friends have made up their minds to give themselves to Jesus, and to be baptised in the name of the Holy Trinity; but, as some of them are ignorant of many things which they ought to know before they are baptised, we have given them time to learn. Will our friends in Australia please remember these poor souls in their prayers? Before I say anything of our work I cannot but stay here to copy a very interesting letter I have recently received from a friend of mine, from which it will be evident that your prayers, and money, and our efforts are not in vain, and how wonderfully the Gospel is working into the hearts of the people of this dark aud benighted district. Though this young man is a Brahmo and has many errors in him, yet I can assure you that he is gradually nearing the banner of Jesus. ' I return herewith the tracts kindly lent to me by Miss ..... I have read them with interest, and have no hesitation in saying that they are very edifying. Jesus Christ I cannot love and reverence too much. I have many times wept over His sermon on the mount, His parable of the prodigal son, His solicitude for His mother even on the cross, His dying prayer for His brutal executioners. These are enough to melt the hardest heart. I lay hold of Him in my mind's eye, hanging on the cross, inwardly blessing those who were busy adding insult to torture, and praying for their salvation, and I cannot but exclaim with the Roman centurion, ' truly this was the son of God.' I and Brahmins in general do not understand what Christians understand. We are all sons of God. Jesus Himself taught His disciples to address God as our father in heaven. But Jesus was the Son of God, inasmuch as He more than any other, made the Father's will His own, loved the Father with all His mind, and heart, and strength, so that a moment's separation from God He could not bear. You will know how on the cross, fearing that the excruciating tortures might overpower Him, He exclaimed ' Eli, Eli, lama Sabacthani.' In this sense all great religious teachers have been the Sons of God, have been begotten by the Holy Ghost—if by the Holy Ghost is meant the Spirit of God enthroned in human heart or soul. As for the doctrine of mediation, you know our views—God, we cannot bear to keep at a distance. He must be in our heart of hearts ; we must be able to go to Him direct, to lay our miseries before Him, to ask His blessing, to bring Him close to our hearts. We firmly believe that the infinite and august God is also the sinner's friend, the prodigal son's father. Our motto is—'God's mercy alone availeth.' We ourselves can do nothing towards our salvation, but His mercy can make the impossible possible. In His mercy alone we trust for salvation. When the prodigal son went back to his father, he needed no mediator, nobody to speak in his favour, alone and unpleaded for he went direct to his father, and the father received him joyfully. Our business is to cast our burdens upon God, and then patiently abide His holy will. Not fainting or murmuring, but prayerfully seeking His grace. And these ladies (to me they seem to be angels) I do not find words to admire their self- sacrificing spirit, which led them to leave home, and parents, and everything near and dear, to devote themselves to the service of this benighted conntry. When I think of the ignorance and superstition still reigning undisturbed in this country, the invidious caste-system eating into its very vitals, the gross paganism that is udermming [sic] humanity, my heart bleeds in me. Any religious movements here we deeply sympathise with, so we cannot sufficiently thank those who, however they may differ from us in other respects, have this in common—the propagation of the worship of God. I am, yours sincerely, SASADHAR Roy. The bazaar preaching has been carried on as usual, and we have not neglected visiting people at their homes. The latter branch of our work is exceedingly important, because there are many people, especially old men and invalids, who are not able to come out to public places like huts and bazaars, and unless we visit them often at their houses, it is impossible for them to hear the words of life. Besides, we can easily get women to hear us on our visits to villages. I am glad to say that whenever we go on a visit, we are warmly received, and attentively heard. The usual work has been done at Bhanga—-it has nothing so interesting in it as may be mentioned in this report, still I am glad the brethren there are not without encouragement. There are two enquirers, who, the brethren believe, are not very far from the Kingdom of Heaven. May the gracious Lord bless them. Canal-side preaching has been of a very remarkable character during the rains ; the canal passes through the town, and in the rainy season is full to its brim, and so the cargo boats can easily come to the most central place of the town. This place is quite crowded during the season by people from all quarters of the district, to whom we reach the Gospel, generally in the evenings, when, after a hard day's work, they rest themselves under the banyan trees. A Hindoo gentleman, who has a shop near the hut, requested me to deliver a series of lectures on the next world, because he thought that the ignorant and illiterate people to whom I preached knew nothing of it. Thinking the advice good and wise, I delivered seven addresses on the subject, and I was glad that I did it, because all the people who heard them seemed very much interested; one old man, especially, one evening, after hearing what I said, came to me with tears in his eyes, and said, 'Sir, what you say about hereafter is quite true; but what must I do to avoid the torments in hell you speak of!' ' Believe in Jesus,' said I; then I talked to him and several others about salvation through Jesus Christ. Regarding the itinerant preaching, very little has been done by myself, because as the supervision of the building of the new Zenana Mission House was entrusted to me, I could not leave the station even for a day, but Buboo K. C. Mitter, and Brother Hera Lai, have gone on several tours, visiting almost all the principal huts, bazaars and public places, where people often gather in connection with buying and selling from the villages around. Buboo Mitter says:—' On my visit to a village, called Baliakandi, I was visited by a Brahmin, named Giridhar Sahiri, and requested to pay him a visit at his house. I most gladly accepted the invitation, and went to his house, where I found a number of villagers awaiting my arrival. All of them seemed to be so willing and anxious to hear what I had to say, that I could not but begin at once to speak to them of our Lord. When I had finished, Giridhar very humbly requested me to visit their village every now and then; because he said that if I did the people might get rid of the ignorance and superstition, so prevalent among them. One day I called on a Mohamedan, Moulavi, who, as soon as he saw me, brought out a Hindoostan Testament, and told me that he had picked up that treasure out of some waste papers, which one of his neighbours was throwing away. He also told me that he had read it through and found in it something which he preferred to the teaching of the Koran. I asked him what it was, and what I heard in reply filled my heart with joy,—'It is,' he said, 'that Jesus gave his precious blood for sinners.' Then I had a long talk with him on the subject, and on my departure he promised to come to Furreedpore and see us whenever he could find opportunity.' It is true, that actual conversions are very few, but should the labourers be discouraged since there are so many encouraging instances before our eyes ? Are these not the surest omens that a glorious harvest season is nearing us ? In the medical branch of our work, Buboo H. C. Sanyal has very ably discharged his duties during the year ; he has not failed to speak of the true way of salvation to his patients and their friends. In conclusion, we would reiterate the bright anticipation of our sisters, Misses Gilbert and Arnold, that a wave of blessing is coming, and then request that God may come now, and that souls may be awakened and soundly converted to God." Mr. J. Viner Smith then read the treasurer's report, which showed that the progressive income was as follows :—for the year 1878, £148: 1879, £173 ; 1880, £200; 1881, £588 ; 1882, £482; 1883, £708; 1884, £763 19s. 4d. In the year 1883 the income was considerably increased through the visit to our churches of Punchanon Biswas. It was stated that subscriptions had been received from Tasmania and Victoria, and that the balance in hand is £38 8s. 8d. The chairman expressed his regret that Mr. Joshua Gurr, who was to have taken the chair, had left the colony before the date of the meeting; Mr. Bion, however, was there with personal experiences to relate ; Mr. Lloyd, who had but recently visited India, and Mr. Mead, who had India both on the heart and on the brain. Since this was professedly a missionary meeting, he would ask what were missions ? Missions have for their object the dissemination of Christianity. But is Christianity worth disseminating? Let us ask ourselves the question. In answer to this, let us look round us and see whether Christian Adelaide, is not better than non-Christian Adelaide. Think of it soberly, and see if the Christian part of our population is not by far the best. Take our young men, look at the large and powerful institution—the Young Men's Christian Association. Divide the young men into two classes, and see on which side are ranked forgers, betters, the wasters of time and money. Christianity is directly antagonistic to the evils of social impurity and intemperance. Or look at our young women; apply the same rule in their case, and see whether the Christians do not form the best part of this class. Look at the nations of the world; compare heathen India with Christian England in the treatment of women, and especially of the widow; the spiritual is infinitely superior to the material, and, therefore, Christianity should be spread. As an instance of the material take the magnificent Taj Mahal at Agra, built by the Mogul Shah Jehun, doomed some day to perish; then compare the value of this costly mausoleum with the value of a single soul led to Christ by a Sunday-school teacher. Who can state the comparison? He was glad to note that a friend had offered £50 towards the cost of sustaining a male European missionary, and he believed if a suitable man were forthcoming, the money would soon be raised. The Rev. R. Bion, who was warmly received, said:— " Dear Christian friends, — I am afraid that some things I may say you will have heard before, as I have spoken so frequently in Adelaide and the suburbs ; however, I will say a few things to show what a missionary's life and work is like. First I may remind you that some of your native Christians in Furreedpore were brought to the truth under my teaching in Dacca and Tipperah, One of these is Lolit Mohun Dass, who is situated at your Bhanga station. Dass came to me as a boy of sixteen, was educated at Dacca, and will, I hope, prove a worthy helper. There are frequent and painful instances of backsliding among the native Christians, sometimes even among the native preachers, and these instances of faithlessness do a great deal to hinder the work of Christ. Many of the converts, however, would be an honour to any English church; one especially, a good and faithful man, now gone to his rest, for many years preached and worked in Bengal and among the Garrows. His works do literally follow him ; instances come under our notice of people seeking after the truth, in whom he was the means of creating the desire for it. In one of my journeys in the eastern part of Bengal, where there were then only three tea planters—there are now some four or five hundred—we preached to the coolies working in the gardens, and among them a good work was afterwards carried on by Mr. Allen and some others, who were enabled to carry on the mission by some money left for the purpose by one of the tea planters, a Mr. Lakie. Lolit Mohun Dass was one of those who devoted some time to preaching among the coolies, and I myself visited there last December and found some twenty or thirty native Christians, who had been baptized by Mr. Allen. One incident I may relate about this tea garden district. Having been invited by one of the planters to his home, we went thither on horseback, but on returning I rode by myself, accompanied only by a native servant. In the midst of a thick jungle, through which the road led, my pony suddenly stood stock still. Not perceiving anything to cause him such alarm, I urged him forward. But no, he would not advance an inch. My servant, however, soon took in the situation. 'Fly, master ! fly !' said he, 'there is a tiger.' I fled. Faster and faster went my horse, and did not slacken his pace until he had carried me, clinging in a most undignified way to his neck, into the adjacent village. My advent caused much amusement amongst the villagers, who thought it a great joke to see the missionary gallop into the village with his arms round his horse's neck. On one of my journeys I met a certain Garroo, who told me that he had received a Bible at Berkumpta, and as a consequence of his reading it, wished to know more about the religion it taught. Accordingly he went to the magistrate, who only led him astray. Whilst he was earnestly seeking after the truth, being careless of his earthly possessions, he lost almost all his property through the fraud and cheating of his neighbours. In vain he tried to get it back; and this, with his ardent longing after Christianity, partly upset his reason. In this state I found him, and though I asked him to return with me to Dacca, he preferred to spend the remainder of his days where he was. In Tipperah, whither we went to preach year after year, the Brahmins said to us, 'Why do you come? People get mad about your religion. Don't come any more.' Our efforts there, however, were not altogether in vain, for a few years afterwards some found Jesus and were baptized. I also established a sub-station about ten miles off, where I used to go on an elephant, and sometimes stay a week, with little or no comfort, having only a little bamboo hut to dwell in. In another place I found an old pundit to whom I had given a Bible and with whom I had argued nine years before. He received me pleasantly and asked me to smoke his hookah, or sign of friendship. ' Yes,' he said, ' I find you are right after all, one cannot get saved by our religion.' I met once a most remarkable missionary, a Mr. Hobbs, lively in the extreme. Whilst I was preaching in the bazaars he would leap into the air several feet, crying out in the native tongue, "Jesus Christ is the true Saviour." Great kindness was shown us at a place at the foot of the Garrow Hills by a certain Maha Rajah, who sent us many presents, such as fowls, goats, etc., and on another occasion gave us a small piece of ground. In a village in the Dacca district an educated man came to us, expressing a desire to become a saint. Having applied to a Roman Catholic priest, he promised to make him a saint in three months. Of course, he did not become a saint. He manifested an earnest, enquiring spirit, and a desire to find out the real truth. Missionaries meet with much opposition, and I could tell many instances of the opposition which we have had to face. In a bazaar in Tipperah, whilst we were preaching, a Mohammedan rose and called out, ' These English are of the caste of dogs.' In the same journey we met with a young fakir who seemed half crazy, at least, so I should judge from his subsequent behaviour He asked us, 'How can I be happy ?' We answered, ' Happiness is only in our Saviour.' ' Will He answer prayers ?' ' Yes, if we pray according to His will.' Then, standing up and holding up his two hands, for half-an-hour he called out, ' O God, take me to heaven, body and all !' Finding that he remained where he was, he turned round and said,' I don't believe in your God.' I said to him, 'You are mad ; go away." A missionary needs a good temper to put up with these hindrances and annoyances. The Mohammedans, in their fanaticism, held their fists before our faces in one bazaar, saying, ' We would cut off your heads, if ours were safe.' On another occasion some men detained our boat, and would not let us proceed until they had severely thrashed the boatman, who had displeased them. Mr. Bion then related the circumstances that led to his entering the mission field. After his conversion he was very zealous in the Master's cause, and could not bear that his Lord's name should not be published everywhere. Through snow and storm he went every Sunday to some Christian friends who were interested in mission-work. One day getting hold of some missionary papers, he felt something burning within him, in longing for the advancement of Christ's kingdom. In his zeal the youthful Christian, at that time a merchant's clerk, with open Bible tried to convince some ministers in the neighbourhood that, unless they did something for missions, they could not be real Christians. After removing to Busle, he one day met a missionary, who said to him " Some day you will be a missionary;" at that time he thought it impossible, but after thinking over the matter he determined, if possible, to enter the missionary college. His zeal had been increased by his intercourse with the students of the college, and he began to pray for guidance in this important matter. Before he could enter the college, his parents' consent was required. To his great surprise this was given ; his father expressing the hope that his entering the college would be the means of driving these fanatical notions out of his head. Out of forty or fifty applicants, he was one of the seven chosen ; at last his desire was accomplished, and he was now on the road to becoming a missionary. At times he felt despair when he viewed the amount of work to be got through; but making his studies a matter of prayer, he found that they became much easier. After two years new troubles arose through the death of his father. His mother, sisters and minister thought it was the hand of God, pointing out to him that he should stay at home aud support the family. In his perplexity he resolved to visit some friends at Toggenburg; on the way the words came to him ' No man putting his hand to the plough, and looking back is fit for the kingdom of God.' This settled the point. Go he would, leaving his family to God's care. Accordingly he stipulated with his family, that if the business prospered during the next year, it would be a sign from God that he was to go. To his delight at the end of the year his sister told him that never had they been so prosperous, not even during the lifetime of their father. Two years after, the Principal appeared among the students one evening and announced to them that the Bengal Mission had been taken up. Three students were chosen to go out, Mr. Bion among the number. The news came like a thunderclap. To India ? His heart had been set on Africa. He told the Principal that he feared the Brahmins and the difficulties of the language; but his tutor said, no! you are practical, you will do, you will speak the language in a year; and so he found it. In concluding, Mr. Bion expressed the hope that instead of one or two, there would soon be six missionaries sent from here to help in draging the gospel net. May the time soon come, when the sons and daughters of India shall crown Him Lord of all." Mr. Mead then delivered a short, but stirring address. He thought that they should look upon these meetings as shareholders' meetings ; everyone should have an individual interest in the mission. He was sure no church was the worse for contributing to the mission cause. The £700 was not a very great amount, but still they were thankful to God for this. In expressing his gratitude to Miss Gilbert and Miss Arnold for the interesting, plain matterof-fact letters which they sent so often, Mr. Mead said he was very pleased at the good reports and long letters which the Christian Colonist inserted, and felt sure that an ample reward would be received in the sympathy created in the Christian public of South Australia. The people of Furreedpore were impressed with the fact of our sending two missionaries at £700 a year; they cannot understand it, and there is no ordinary selfish motive that they can find to explain it; they know very well that we are spending a lot of money on them, without any return to us, and this fact impresses them. While there is a balance in hand of £38, our efforts must not be relaxed in anyway, seeing that £50 a month is required to sustain and advance the mission in Furreedpore. 