WYLLARd'S WEIRD, A NOVEL BY M. K. BRADDON, Antbor of "Lady Audlet's SBchbi" Phantom Fortune," ' He relapsed into silence, and Hrathcote sad he walked side by Bide for some time irithmt a word,, the Uwjer contemplating toe Boldier, studying him as if he had neea a difficult page in a book. Edward Heathcote bad spent a goou ueai ui uia me in Biuajmg U?jq» hooks of this kind. His practice in Plymouth bed been of r Tory special character ; he bid been trusted to delicate matters, bad held tbe hoaoar of noble families in bis keeping, had cotne b-twsea father and son, hnsband and wife ; had been guide philosopher, aid friend, as well at legal adviser' His tepntation lor fine feeling and high morai charac'er, the fact of his good birth and ample means, bad made him the chosen repository of - many a fami.y secret which would have been trusted to very few solicitors. His name in P,v. mouth was a synonym for honour, and his advice, sbiewd lswjer though be w.s, always -leaned D the side of chivalrous feeling rather than to bare justice, Bach a man must have had ample occasion for the study of human nature under strange aspect;, H was, tbercioie, a highly-trained intellect which was now brought to bear npon Bothwell Grahams as he walked silently beside tue flowering n-ug-l rows in that quiet Corni»h lan-, puffing a, oil cigar, and looking straight before him iuto v»cmicy. Mr Heathcote bin ?e:n a good 'deal of CipUia Gtahame during the yr, r be had lived at Penmo;. val ; but he neve h such « look of care as he taw in the , Ui-i'- t ee to-du., Trouble of same kind— tiinl <-i i-e iLt or trifling kin 1— v,8 gnawing Rt tfce nun- - Di-.ttiiL Of that i'aci Edw.ffl ilcAtt-cote was a r-uivu : and there was a strange sinking athiB cad t.io.-' - he speculated upon tbe nature of that secret txu .bie which Bothwell trying his beit to bice under a snow of somewhat sullen indifference. As coroner and ae lawyer, Mr. Heathcote bad m>de np his mind more than an honr ago that the pirl lying at the Vital 8park bad been murdered. She h>d been thruit out of the railway carriage flung over the liL-e into that dreadful gulf, by :ome person who wanted to make away with her. Bet tuutdeier was to ba looked for in tue train, bad travelled in one of those carriages, bad been one among those seemingly innocent travellers, all piofersing a like ignorance of the girl's identity, One among those threc-and-twenty people wham Cbsfy, the etationmaBier, had counted and taken stock of at Budmin-rosd station must needs be the murderer. That one, whoever he was, had borne himself so well as to baffle th station- master's scrutiny, He bad shown no trace cf re- motse, agitation, guilty fear. He had boras himteif at all points as an innocent man. Bnt what If the criminal were i-ne whom the stationmoster knew acd respected — a man of matk and Btanding in the neighbourhood, wcose very name dnnrmed suspicion I bucha man would have passed out of thestalioi unobserved ; or if any aigps of agitation were noted in bis manner, tbat emoiion, wonld be put do vote kindly fetling, the natural' pity of a bcoevo'cot mind. Had any hstd-hanaea son of toil, a stranger In tbe land, reaper, miner, seafaring bun, had such au one aa tus exhibited signs of discom posure suspicion woulu at once have been on tbe alert. But who cunld suspect Mrs, V/jllird'i soldier cousin, the idle, open- handed gemlemao, who had made limielf everybody's favourite. It would lave been n wild speculation to sup pose because Bothweli's conntenanoo and manner were so charged with secret trouale that his waa the arm wbith thiust that poor girl to bernntime- ly death. Yet tbe eoroner found himself dwell ing npon this wild fancy, painfnl aa it was to him lo harbour any evil thought of D ra Wyllsid'i oousin. l'heie were several points which forced them selves npon biB consideration — as it were, in spite of himself. First, Bothwell'B changed manner to day— hie avowal of a troubled night — his evident wish t-> he alone — his incivility, as of ono whose mind was set on edge by paintnl thoughtB, Then came the fact of bis journey to Plymonth on tbit day — a journey undertaken suddenly, without say explanation offered to bis consin — a seemingly purposeless trip, since he hid given no reason lor absenting himself, stated no business in the town. He had gone and returned within a few hoars, and ' his journey had been a snrprito to his cousin and her buBband. Thirdly, there was bis clumsy at tempt to explain tho girl's death just now in front of tbe inn doer, his unwillingness to admit tbe idea of fonl play. He who excusie himself eccuses himteif, says tbe proverb. Bothwell had tried to account for the catastrophe on the line, and in bo doing had awakened the coroner's she- pioiens. After all, these links in a chain of evidence were of tho slightest ; bnt Bdward Heathcote bad set himself to unravel tbe mystery of the name less dead, and ha was determined not to overlook the slenderest thread in tbe web of that dark secret, " Your consin, Mr Wyllard, seemed to have quite recovered from the shock of yesterday ovening," he said, pressntly, " I never saw htm looking bet ter th>n he looked this afternoon." " Wyllard is a man made of iron," answered Bothwell, carelessly. " I sometimes think there is only one soft spot in his heart, and that is his lore for my consin. In that be is distinctly hnman. I never saw a morb devoted hasdend, I never knew a happier couplo." Bothwell sighed, as if this mention of the happi ness of others recalled tbe thought of his owu misery, At least, it wsb thus that Edward Heath cote interpreted tbe sigh, Completely absorbed in his own cares, Bothwell had forgotten for tbe moment that be was talking to the man whom his cousin had jilted in order to marry Julian Wyllard. The courtship and tbe mntrisge bad happened while Bothwell was in the East. It had never been more to bim than a tradition, and tbe tradition was not in his miod when he talked of his cousin's wedded hsppinet9. "I am glad thatit is so, very gUd," said Ed ward Beatbcote, earnestly. He spoke in all good faith, He bad loved with so unselfish a love that the welfare of his idol had been evtr of more account to him than bis own bliss. He bad renounced her without a straggle, since her bappineBS demanded tbe sacrifice. And she was happy, Tbat was tbe grand point. He had paid the ptice, and be bad won tbe reward. He had loved with all bis beart and strength. He had never ceaEed so to love. That wedded life, wbicb to tbe oatside world bad seemed a life of quiet domestic happiness, bad been on bis part only a life of resignation. He had married a friendless, penniless girl who loved him— who had betrayed the secret of ber love for bim nnawsies, in very innocence of inesperienced girlhood. He had taken a helpless girl to his heart and home, because there Beemed, upon this earth, no other available shelter for her ; and lie had done hie utmost for her happinesB, He had succeeded bo well tbat she never knew that this thoughtful kindness which wrapped her round as with a balmy atmosphere, this boundless benevolence which shone npon ber like tbe son, was not love. She was one of tbe happiest of women, and of the proudest wives in the west country, and she died blessing him who had mode her life blessed. And now the gossips were all full of pity for the widower's loss and loneliness— a poor bereaved creatnre living in a lonely old grange, with a young sister, the twin daughters, iust four years old, and an ancient maiden lady who looked after the sister, the children, the faonse, and the servants, and in her own person represented the genius of thrift, propriety, prudence, wisdom, and all the domestic virtues, People in the neighbourhood of Bodmin, and his ola friends at Plymonth, all thought and (talked of |Mr Heathcote as borne down by the weight of his bereavement, anil all hoped that he wonld soon marry again. The Spaniards lay in a valley between Bodmin Boad station and Penmorval. It lay on 'Both- well's road to biB consul's house, snd he bad this no excuse for parting company with tha Coronir, had he been so inclined, The old wrought-iroa gate, between grey granite pillars, each crowns with the escutcheon of the Heathcotes, stood wins open, and the snug rose and tnyrlle curtained cot-> ago by the g- t - h-d as sleepy an air in the sum mer ovening ne if ; r. '. b.i-n a lodge at the gate « of Hie Sl-iepi-.g L-'v '.1 fiichanted domain. Even | the old trees, t':-o,,jeat fc'p-.ttub chesnutswiththsu j iDHtscs of foliage, had a loci: of having c tit gt o n i all teasori in a century of repofle, i>To nrodigri son j had laid the spendthrifts axe to the good old t'---' j Rrcrtsii"! >' e birthplace of tho Heathcotes. The'-' v.- as only the extent of a wide paddock ana ; J law is !-.- ;-i hell door a--/' 'hist, grand f"- ' u house ( : - : / -..v. ,.r v..". asiegeti innumerable doois end niudowi, and ow, htaviiy timbered ceiling#, a bouse in which -strange viiitors and their 8 rraota Vere.givea to seeing ghosts and horing unearihly noises ot floomy andlnneteul significance — a bait the ftmi'y ed jigged on quielly enonchfrom g-ceritioa to ger-eration without any interlerence t-om the epirit-world. People com ng from braad-oew homes in Earl's Court or Turabam Green pro- trsted thet ibe Spaniaidi most be intuited ; and shuddered every time the mice scamprrrd bah'nd the pauneiing or the wind sighed amidst the branches of those leafy lowers that girdled lawn aid meadow. Bothwell U ought tbat Mr Heathcote would leave him at tbe gate of the Spaniards. "Good-night," be sld somewhat bort!y. 'I'll go on to Fenmorval with you, and hear what impreision tbe inquest made up, n Wyllajd," arid the other, " It is not h)f-p«st seven yet—' your cousin will t-c able to spare me a few minutes before nioner." Bothwell walked on without a woul. Ten minutes brcnght them to the gates ot Penmorval, by far the lordlier domain, with a history that involved noblest ttaditiois. Bnt that ancient rece for which Fenmorval bad born built, for whose sons and danghters it hid grown in grandear and -dignity as the crntnries rolled alcng — of these ttere remained no more than the echo ot a vanished renown — they were gone— verily like a tale tbat is told, and Ihe parvenu banker, the men who had grown rich by hit own intellect and his own industry — naturally e very inferior per- vonage — reigned in their stead. Fenmorval eceaitd not quite to dead asleep al Heathcote Grange, »Ii»a tbe Spaniards. In tbe sweet stillneis of th summer evening, Bothwell and his companion t-ear.i roic.s— women's voices — familiar and ple sent to the cars o both. Mrs. Wyllard was strolling in the aveune, with a young lady by her tide, a girl in a white .gown and a large lefhnrn hat ; tall, slight, grace ful of form, and fair of face — a girl who gave a little cry oi pleased surprise at serin Heathcote, "I was just rushing heme, Edward," she said, " for fear 1 should keep you waiting for dinner," " Indeed, Hilda, Then I cm only say that jour idek of ruahirg is my idea of sauntering," her brother answered, trading at the girlish face as be shook hands with Mrs Wyllard. " What did Mr Wyilard ihink cf the irquest !" he asked. " Y'ou have seen him, I suppose I ' " Only for a minute as he drove by to the house, while Hilda and 1 were walking in the avenue, "Why, Bothwell, how fagged and ill you look," ex claimed Mrs Wyllar-i, looking at her cousin. "Only bored," answered U -thwell, which was not complimentary to the companion of bis long walk. " But yon look i uaitively exhausted, poor fellow," pursued Dora, pityingly. " Why didu't jou come beck in the dogcart. There was room for you." " I wanted to be alone," "And I wnnied company," said Heathcote, Itnghing, "so 1 inflicted my socrety upon an unwilling companion, Very bed manners, no doubt." "I'm afraid yon got the worst of the bargeln," -mattered Bothwell, with a sullen look, at which Hilda's blue ejea oi>< md wide with wonder. " Do ycu know. Mr. Heathcote, an idle life does not agro wilh my cousin," said Dira. " I never know what it is to be weary of Pcnmorval or tbe country round but for tho last three or four week Bothwell bes behaved as if he hai-d tbe piace, and could find neither rest nor amui-cment within twenty miles of us. He is perp- t.u:iily moving off to Plymouth or to London. 11 1 wieh women wonld teko to reading thslr dictionaries instead of cramming their beads with o'her womcn'B uovriB," exclaimed Bothwell, savagely," " for then perhaps thoy might havesome k'ea of the meanr g - f words. When you eay I rnn np to Locdou perpetually, Dora, I suppose jou mean tbat I have teen there twice— on argent bueinese, by the wpv — within the lest five weeks,' " And to Plymouth at least a dozen times," pro -Deled Dora. " All 1 can say is that you are my idea of perpetual motion." " I know you are h»rdly ever at home, Mr Gra- heme," said Hilda, backing up her friend. They strolled towards the house ae they talked, and half way along the avenue they met the master of Penmorval, cotrretij" attired iu sobjr evening drefs, with a light overcoat worn loosely above his faultless black. "How do you do, Hea'hcoto? Do you know, Do:n, that it is 10 mir.uti s to 8 I You'll stop and dme with us, of cunt:," added Julian Wylhrd, cordially. 11 You refused lent night, but cow Hilda Is bore, and you hare no excuse for going home." " 1 only came to .llcinoon tea," said Hilda, "And yon and my wife have been goisiping ficni 5 o'clock until n >w. Deepest mystery of social life, what two wumtn find to talk about for three mortal hours in the depths of a rural s«c!u- sion like this !" " A mystery to a man who cannot imagino that women either thick or ren-i,'' retorted Dora, takiig her husbai d's >rm. "You men ha7u a fivtd idea tint yo- r wivea and sisters hove only two subjects of convi-r-ation— gowns and servants Of course, jou will slay and dine, Mr Healhcote. 1 am not going to -itere for dinoer, so please don't lock Ht you frockeoat -s if th»t were an insuper able obstacle. You and Hilda are going to stop, whether you like it or not." "You know wo always like to be here, "said Hilda, in her low sweet voic. She stele a littl- shy look at. Bothwell, ai if wondering what ho thought of the mutter ; but B.thwdl's countenance was inscrutable, Hilda was paint.d but not surprised by his manner. He had changed to her so strangely within the lust few months— be who half a year ago had been so kin-i, so attentive. She was not angry — she was not v-ia enough to wonder that a man eliould begin by caring for her a little, and then leave off caring e.11 »t once, and relapse into at-Eoiute indifference She supposed tbat such fickleness w«s a ci mmoo attribute of the superior sex. They all went to tbo house, and through a glass door into the large low drawing-room, where the \- barter immediately announced dinner. The two ladies bad only time to take off their hats before they went into the dining-room. They were both in white, and there wa a grace in Dora Wjllard'a simple gown, a cluster of roses half hidden by the folds of an Indian muriin fichu, a Swanlike throat rising from a haze of delicate lace, which was more attractive than the cosDieet toilet ever imported from FariB to be the wonder of a court ball. Yes, she wa» still of ail women Edward Heathoote \- had ever known the most gracious, the most 'beautifnl. Those srven year of happy married life hsd ripened her beauty, bad given a shade of thonghtfuiness to the matron's dark eyes, tho low, wide brow, the perfect mouth, but had not robbed \- the noble countenance of a single charm, The face of the wife was nobler than tho face of the girl. It was the face of a woman who lived for another rather than for ber own happinesi, the face of a woman superior to all feminine frivolity, and jet in all things most womanly, Edward Beatbcota sighed within himielf as he took his piece besi-V iho hostess in tbe snbdoed light of the old paneiiai room, a warm light from lamps that bnDg lew on tbe table, nnder rose- coloured shades, nmbrelia- shaped, spreading a luminous glow over silver and glass and flowers, and leaving the faces of the guests somewhat in shadow. He sighed as be thought how sweet life wonld have been for him bad this woman' re- . mained tine to ber first love. For she had loved him once. Eight y tar.-; ago they too had clasped' hs'nds, tonched iipr, a.- uflia- ced lovors. He conld never forget what the had been to him, or what she might have been. He sat at her husband's table in all loyalty of :nul, in sttunch friendship. Ho would have cut bis heart on, rather, than debase himself or Dora by one guilty thoaght. Yet be could bat rem--mber these things bad been, Tho two ladies left almost immediately after dinner, and Bothwril e-uuteted out into, tbe garden directly afterwards. Not to rejoin them, bb he wonld have done a few months ago, but to smoke the cigar of so'itudo in a walk beside a crumbling, old, red wai., and a long, narrow border of hollyhock, tall, gigantic, yellow, and crimson, and while, anu pink. There were fruit trees on the other side of t-..e wall, which was sup ported with tremen- ous butiressfs at intervals of 20 feet or so, and about w 1 a. d buttresses climbed clematis and p.Eaiou llo vt i, j.ismino, yellow and white, and tho great cr.nuon trumpets of the hipnunia. The bsnkcr and the lawyer sit silently for a few miuuies, Julian Wyllard - ccupied in the choice of a cigar from a case which h? h.n! first offered to his uuEBt, and then tdwi.id Huathcotu ark-id him whet' be thought of she imprest. " I . thought it altogether uniatisfactory," -arraaered Wyllnrd. " Yen" did your best to thrash out a few facts, but tin. v.- i :ol of railway people hsd nothing to toll w ;li heurine. Evcrjbbd)' knows that the poor t. n .,uora ull off the train—or was thrown off, . What we want to find out is - whether there was foal play in the bnsineea, "It is my bt lief tbat there wn,"aaid Hoith- rote, looking at him fixe 'ly in the dim, difficult lighr, almost as nmatisfactory for suoh a eorutiny ts ike changeful glow of the fire. "And d ae," tnsered tbe banker, "and so strong is my conviction upon tus point that I stopped at the post- office oo my way home, and telegrajhed to my old friend George Distin, isklog bim to come down and help m to solve the mystery."1 " Do yon mean tbe famous criminal lawyer I" "Whrm ebe )hould I mean 1 He and I were fcboolfellows, I have tsked h'm fo stopatPin- moival while ho carries on his invesligx-.ion." (TO BB CONTINUED). 