/ THE APOSTOLICFCHURCH. When we look back to the Apostolic Church, 1 Cor. xii. ch., we see how much the apostle dwells upon spiritual gifts as efficacious. " Now," says he, " brethren, I would not have you ignorant concern ing spiritual gifts ; for no man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Ghost." Then he enters into the diver sity of gifts, the differences of adminis trations. " To one is given by the spirit the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge, to another faith, to another the gifts of healing, to another the work ing of miracles, to another prophecy, dis- . cerning of spirits, interpretation of ton- gueB ; and ne compares the church to the human body, having many members. The church is here an organised body, having a diversity of spiritual gifts, but all the production of the same Spirit, like aB in the material universe we see a great variety of agencies at work, yet all subor- . dinate to order, so in the church where there are appointed apostles, prophets, J teachers, helps,, governments, &c.; How far, then, is the present church built upon this model? Some of these gifts and some of these offices it is said have ceased to exist. The historian .Burton says "that spiritual gifts were distributed abundantly by Paul and the other apostles, and the gift of healing was abundantly exercised by many persons besides apostles ; even in the second cen tury they were occasionally exercised, but as the church became more settled, miraculous interferences were less re quired to confirm the faith of believers. But may it not have been that as the church became more secular and corrupt, looked more to human aid, faith became more languid, prayer more formal, and spiritual gifts less sought after and believed in; in short, as the church became either the tool or the terror of kings and emperors, the saying of our Saviour was forgotten, that his kingdom was not of this world ; and the ordinary gifts of the spirit became her sole legacy, and even these were but feebly sought or acknowledged. The question now is agitated, why does not Christianity make more progress ? But the answer is — the church has grown sensual, not having the spirit, the great supernatural agent, which is the fountain of all the ordinary gifts to the church. The last great legacy of Christ before His departure — " I will pray the Father and He shall give you another Comforter, even the Spirit of Truth," without which the ordinances of the church are lifeless, and Christianity but a name — is not cultivated. .Tiiah fia in t.Yia imorAtaKlA Irinrrrlnm nothing lives or prospers without rain from heaven, so all the ordinances of the church, however formally administered, are in like manner unproductive. The essential operation of the Spirit is taught us by the occasional awakenings and re vivals which display to us the efficacy of the Spirit. " Now," says the apostle, " the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long- suffering, goodness, faith, meekness, tem perance, against which there is no law." We may add, without which there is no Spiritual Life, no awakening power. As the sap of the tree conveys life to the utmost branches, but death ensues when the sap is cut off, so the church of God grows cold, lifeless, and powerless with out the Spirit, "therefore," says the apostle, " walk in the Spirit." Eloquent men may preach, formal prayers may be offered as a life service abominable to God. Isa., 1st chap. Churches may be built of ecclesi astical structure, the psalmody most scientific, priests be enrobed more costly, Popes hum on the altar, much human reasoning be displayed, respectable con gregations be assembled, but without the effulgence of the spirit the life-giving power, all is barrenness. The Apostle says, " I came not with the excellency of speech or of wisdom, my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in the power of God, that we may know the things which are freely given to us of God, that no flesh shall glory in His presence." So that we may be taught that we live, move, and have our being in God only. All this profession of religion, this sacredotalism, this pomp and display called Christianity, is but vanity without any vital existence, nay, it is a vast cheat, misleading mankind ; every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometb down from the Father ot light, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning. It is not Christianity that haB lost its power, but the manner in which Christi anity is dispensed ; like Christ and His disciples, we must go out in the highways and bring the starving and perishing multitudes around us to the foot of the Cross that they may be Baved. Our divisions are our weakness, the divisions of the church, are expressly attributed in scripture to the absence of the Spirit. The agency which can unite the church must be able to reach the spirits of men, and to contend with the great spirit of evil fermenting strife. Wherever union has been promoted, it is associated in scripture to the direct result of Divine influence as set forth in the valley of vision, where the Spirit came in answer to prayer, and breathed life into the dry bones. Accordingly, the Gospel is empha tically the dispensation of the Spirit. Whatever agency may result to man, and glory may redound to God in the Gospel, is to be ascribed to the pre sence and the agency of the Spirit. The Spirit of God is the teacher of the Church, the life of the soul, the sanc- tifier of our nature ; likewise, the Spirit helpeth our infirmities, for we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. Rom. viii. Christianity must be barren, its Ordi nances lifeless, the Bible uninterpreted without the show. We do not wish by this to disparage educational fitness for teaching, but we wish to show that human wisdom, good in worldly matters, falls utterly short in teaching spiritual realities — things super natural. We say with Hasis, pray for the visi tation of the Holy Spirit, the only infal lible remedy for union, so that every party appellation shall be forgotten, and lost in the name of Christ. What need have we to revivify Chris tianity to carry the Gospel through the land by missionary agency, in power and demonstration of the Spirit, that men dead in trespasses and sin, may be quickened into life, and God may bo glo rified as all in all, and man bo humiliated at the foot of the Cross, and Christianity in its simnlieitv mav nrnsner. B. S. 