HOW A SOMNAMBULIST WAS AWAKENED. We've got a somnambulist over here in Cassopolis, one of those fellows who meander around fast asleep, in the dead of the night, rumaging the house fron top to bottom, waking up folks, and then don't know anything about it themselves in the morning. He's a dandy in the profession, and is taken this way about every four weeks. At first he used to startle the rest of the folks ; they didn't know whether it was a burglar or the cat or ghosts they heard rattling around and mumbling in in a sort of sepulchral voice ; but now they've got on to the racket, and when they hear the stairs creak, or doors open, or anything in the way of talk about two in the morning, they know its a ground-hog case, and that he is doing the somnambulist act; and they just get up and quietly follow him around and see that he don't get out on the roof and walk into the street., or take the third storey stair-railing for a fence and climb over into the basement. They don't lare to wake him ; the doctor says it isn't healthy to wake up a fellow when he's got one of these spells on, so they just keep track of him, and finally he quiets down some lwhere and snoozes again like any Christian sleeper. But the other night he "came to" himself and the shock to his nervous system wasn't half as great as it was somewhere else. You see it was his night "on" as it were, and about the time that graveyards do their yawning, he climbed out of his roost, and began a tour of the house. Two or three of the family heard him prowl- ing about. and as usual got up and began stumbling over chairs and running up against door jambs in the pursuit of the sleep-walker. They say it is wonderful the way he picks his route out in the dead of the night, and never makes any miscues, while they jam their toes and steer up against some obstacle every other step. They finally tracked him to one of the adjoining rooms, and began watching and waiting. He was talking to himself and the subject of his remarks was that he was looking for a letter his little girl had written him that week. He had forgotten where he had laid it, and was going to find that letter, if he had to fight it out on that line all summer. And so he began yanking open the bureau drawers, and skirmish- ing around the contents. They say a fellow in his condition can see as well as an owl, no matter how dark it is. Perhaps they can ; but I suppose there are times when even an owl would like a little light on the subject. Any- way, he concluded he wanted a light to find that letter, and so he plucked a match out of the match-safe by the bureau, and proceeded to illumine things. Now this rambler from dreamland has adopted the national method of igniting a lucifer—he scratches it on the south side of his anatomy just below the middle—and it seems that this indecorous habit has become so familiar to him, that it comes natural, even if he is asleep. Anyhow, he instinctively informed himself which end of the stick the ???? ???? ???? ????? ?? ????? nether garments as no doubt ????? ?? and gave the match about two feet of solid scratch, in the old accustomed place. This thing worked all right as far as the match was concerned—it was a first-class match, and lit before it had gone six inches—but the regular pro- tection wasn't there, and the fire was and the combination was greater than placid sleep could endure. There was a great and sudden awakening, and a howl of pain went forth upon the mid- night air ; the dream-ache ended, and loving friends administered comforting words and soothing ointment. He goes around town now with a quiet and subdued a manner as usual, for he is of a gentle nature ; but if you're ever down this way, and get loaded for "fun," and want a fight, just hunt him up, and in his presence scratch a match in the manner of our daddies—but he is a big fellow, and hits awful hard. 