'!l«2y;Aslscs. THE .VlCiOSITOOCa OF AN INCINERATED MOTHEIV IIMlVW. M oslies, loolrod v/itbin a 1 IiQndcomo uilvor urn, wore placed-by my sbn-iri- law on tlio mantle in. the drawirig-room, after he had carried but tlio pL'ovi:;ion:j of my will, -ono of whioh was . that my remains were to ho ore- mated, which ho had done, despito my daugh ter's prayors. - Tlio ciroumstnuce oi my ashes, being oapturod by burglars was ns follows : Thoro woro two ot them, and llioy carab into tho drawing-room, nbout threo o'oiok in tlie morning, through the window, to whioh was attached tlio " patent burglar ninrm." , Flashing .. their dark lanloiii hither and - thithor, tho! Vays presently foil upon the urn. A rejpid examination convinced thom that it was valuable, nud, without a word, thoy trans-' (erred it to a sack whioh one ot them carried. After rilling' tho home from collar to garret thoy dopartod, aud ia a dingy attic, located in an obscure quarter of tho town, began, ri division of thoir spoil. When' thoy oamo tho urn thoy .wore puzzled for n moment. Wot kind o' swog'B this; out?" said ono of .theiri, holding tho urn-up to the light. . i "Looks liko ri -vaso or a milk pitcher or ' aomothln'," said tho othbr.' " pitcher yor gran'mother," scorniutly repliod tha first apoakcr ; " X don't b'liovo ye know a milk : pitcher from n horso" collar. - Whore'd yo over oco a milk pitohor 'ith ri look on itliko?" arid the burglar turned thri pad- look toward Iito companion. As ho did so the inscription caught his eyo. . . : , . : .,. , "Hullo 1" ho oxoiaimcd. "Why, Bill, it's n gravoyard— of it ain't d n mo.' - / A wet?" oricd the sccood burglar, loan- ing forward, his oyos sparkling with surpriso and incredulity. , "A graveyard 4" ropeatod tho othor burglar; " a stlff-kit-Y-a littlo pnvato oomotory. Hero .it is on tho door pinto, 1 Sacred to tho mcm'ry , - o Missis Matilda Lambert, who departed this lifo April nineteenth, eighteen eighty-one.' . . Oan't yo read. It's, ono ok them ash barrels yo hear tell .of. Pcoplo wot'ri a littlo off thoir . nnts, an' don't want to go to tho bonoyard, . gits'bnrnod, aud 'thoy;put.'thoir/remains' in' - wot iyon'd call a milk pitohor.'' . \- , " Tho h— 1 yo say. Bnt are thom ' re- - mains' valii'blo swag ? Kon yo soli 'cm to tho'. fpuco?" inquired ths Icss-inforiricd burglar., ' . ... "Soil 'cm lo tho' ferico bo. hanged;" con temptuously repliod tho other; "wot lid tho fonco want of them, I'd liko to hnow? Not muoh ; but thoy'ro valn'blo all tho same. /Jest .yon 'wait a day ' or two, an' look at tho adver- tissmonts in the 'paper w'llo ycr a waitln'. ' Ef yo don't seo a pieoo in tho paper offorin' 1 a lib'ral-'roward'/ fur tho return of avasoor a 'milk pitohor, ' os you'd oall it, nn' 'no ques- ' tions nskod,' I hopo I-may git seven etretohes ' .afore I'm a week older.' Wo ken molt down ' thri. milk pitbhcr' though; we kon sell thnt - ;to the' fence.' Tt'o the genooino stuff, or f'm - a whito licad. Hero, Bill, hand mo that lard / can,:and we'll dump thd 'remains' into it, to bo kop' 'til oallod for; ' no uso to anybody bat " tho ownor.' Nico biznoss iur two snoozers likens to be in — rebbin' gravoyards? Isco / by tho door 'plato slio was fifty-ooven' years : old.! Nieo old lady, I sposs, an' her bereaved 1 ;fam'ly Won't mind plankin' down right ban'- somo to git her back ngin. Wondor of her ghost's; fliokorin round this boodwah- jost 1 now." The bnrglar who hold tho lard can into which my ashes were being ""damped" trembled perceptibly, and throw a hasty, npprohdnslvo glanoo around as if fearing the approach of my angry spirit. Hiscompaoion noticed his agitation, and1 with a scornful smilo remarked : - "Well, of yon ain't tho woat; Bill — ! yor a flunk." ' Thon, with a fow light taps on tho bottom of tlio urn to dataoli any adhesive grains that might bo dinging to tho recop- tacle, ho laid it aside with, " There, ol lady ; yoo'll keep, I gooss, 'til yor onlled for. Put her in tho pantry, Bill, an1 cover hor np 'ith - that sldo o bacon, bo's tho mico and cook- roaehes won't git into hor. Sho'o a lady, Bill, an' wo ought to treat -tho' wiminen 'ith ' respect." , As tho burglar had prediotcd, my sbn-in- law. advertised for ." avaso or urn,"- and'- the burglars replying -through tho "porsonal . column" over tho oignatnro " Ashes," the negotiation was soon- oonoluded, '-and in con-- sidorrition of tho payment of 8300 by "tho parly of tho first part," tho lard oan' contain- ' :ing my ashes was transferred to his rasidonco; I will do my son-in-law tho jristiee to soy that ' ho did not hogglb'over the ransom charged by '- the burglars. Ho oven paid it cheerfully, 'and - lost: no timo in 'proouring another urn as- : .similar, to .tho: one that had "-been 'stolen !os .' -. ' possiDio,- rnisi tirn, However, vras not di"- played on tho drawing-room mantle, and I was relieved from contact with- my, hateful;; / : ." intimate friends " by being relegated .to my ..'! dauglitor's. dressing-room; the urn being ebb-i-V /' -oealed'in a'lacquored; cabinet on tho bureaa. Y;'-/ Horo 1 my oohbs were bomparativoly safb from'v ; - - tho - vandal : hands of vulgar burglars, but not/from tha ruthless mischief of my own"' . flesh arid blood. Ono daywhilo tho" family was oooupied! in another part , ol ' thoi hotiso,-/ : - ' iny / grandson, a little imp of Satan — u child five years- of nga — crept into tha room, un- locked the cabinet, -abstracted tho urn, and ! concealing it undor his apron/ slipped out iu- to . the baok yard, whore, ! with water and a, . brokon stick; ho mixed, about- hnlf of thb eon- ' tents: of tho urn into mud plc3. Groat hoavens —just think of it I Tho ashes of a dignified! : T respectablo "old lady ' oorivortcd-by a young-/" scoundrel into mud pies I— and the ashes of his own grandmother, too 1 - Instinat ahould ' havo tinght him roverencb for! the dust of ono ' but for. whom he would novor havo hadlari: oxistonco. But this was - not tho' worst of ' it.1;' '.:-' A handful, or inoro of my ashes reriiained- in './.' iri . the urn, and tho child, beginning to realize. : that ho was ' iommitting a dbmcritio felony, :' . bocamo frightcnod, arid picking up tliG iirD, " ' Blotted baok to tile dre/eing-rcom with it. Passing through the dining-room,, tho castor ori tlio dining- talilo 'caught'. hia1 eyo, arid -,Y'' ioriothbr brilliant idaa-struck him. Ho omp/;'' tiod tho popper bottle' into tho fire-place and filled it again from tbo urn. Ho performed-' ' . thb same operatib'n -with tha -Bait dishes, and then distributed my .rera'iilning aslies in the : vinegar and oil oruots and tli e inue tard bottle. Having- thus disposed of ; my remains, ho re- turned- the urn to the cabinot and -awaited ;"-- developments. ' Thoy- oomo '.at tho dinner ' table tliat afternoon. " Matilda," said my son-in-law, " this is ' : tho!qucorest tasting popper I ovor baw in my ; - life." / .".What; my dear, what does it taste liko ?" ' / inquiroil my daughter. / . Liko old dried bones, as far as I oan malto out,": replied hor husband. "And tha muri- tard has thb samo taato. .Looks as if somoV, ' body had beonemptying tho pepper to tho mus- tard bbttlri-— it's full of 'littlo gray, particles ; ' aud there's a sediment in tho vinegar cruet, - and— just taste that salt; Matilda." - / My daughtor touohod , hor tongue to my ' ashos and-avortod- lier'faoo in'disgust. - " Why, Alfred I " Bho oxoiaimcd, "what can : itbo?'h- . : . f / "I'll tell you, Matilda; it's, somo of our ' young hopeful's work, that's what itis. Coma 1 horo, you- young raeoal!/ What havoyou been- putting into tho popper bottle, Alfred. Speak -. up now, and no lying. If you toll mo a lie I'll ' whip you within an inoh of your life." ' 'J'ho boy burst into tears, und for a time neither threats nor expostulation!! had any effect . upon him. At last, on a promisa that lia should havo a now drum aud a - train' of " steam oars," liu blurted out : " It's grau'inn." "Grandma!" cried liis parents simul- - tarieously. " Yes, licr mud.'1 Por ,raud I " The plot was thiotoiug. Mystery -broododover tbat , household. ; ' /'You know, papaj that Bpeobled otuil.ybu ; rsaid was gran'ma, up in "tho; jampot" iu mamma's room," A shrill shriek roaonndod through tho hoiucj and daughtor foil - fainting to tho floor. ; With a frightful, oath, my son-in-law ruBhed into hiav/ifo'a dre'38ing- ' room, toro opan tlio cabinetj hastily unlpokod tho urn, and found it— ompty. Ho re'oled against tho wall, ono haud proaacd oonvul- sivoly pgainat hia brow, tho other clutching , tho urn, -at which ho atnred liko a maniac. As ho llowly sank to. tho floor, liio iiraha trembling .with horror, I heard.' liim gurglo. ' rather than mutter : ; , " Mv God 1 rnv God! I'vo fintoni mvTnftthni. in law." ' . 33; R. O., in tho Argonaut . "r 353, 