Good Spirits and Bad. To stow the kind pf readhig -Hiong-ht suitable for German children, the following story is translated from that language :— ? Once \ipcn a time there lived in Hungary, on the shores of g, lake, a boy fmd a girl. There Was a great wood all rennd the lake, and they lived between the wood ana toe laKe. ite :poy s name was i rita, and the girl's Hams Vera. Their mother and father had died when they were votings and left them to the care of thenuj;Ive3. It was npt very hard to get food, as there was plenty of berries and fr hit growing in the wood, and'fishih the lake. They were a!J alone, ar.d no one cpuld come thronsrh the wood, Some part3 of which were enchanted, ' Many unfortunate knights had tried to come, but had always disappeared, no one knew where ; but it was supposed they had been seized and carried off by a vickecf magician who lived thereis his castle. Where Fritz and Vera lived thera were no goblins and ghosts, except good ones, as Fritz's father had cast a magic spell over their part of the wood and they were able to lire in peace. The evil spirits had tried to br-eak the magic spell which had been thrown over the children, but never could. They revenged themselves, when they found that they could not break the spell, by seizing ail mortals who came in their part. of. the wood, thongh they coald net always kill theni. One day Fritz went put to get wood. It was a lovely day, though coli Fritz1 got a good lc^d of wood, but he thought he would not go home just yet: but take a little walk on his pim account. So lie pnt down his wood under a tree, marked the tree, and then went on. He had g6ne a good way^ and was thinking of turning home, when, he heard a sound cf sobbing. Fritz wondered what ii was, and thought he would go and see. So he grasped his axe firmly in his hand, and advanced cautiously. There, sitting on the ground, with her face in her hands, -was a young girl, weeping-. She lifted her head when she heard Fritz, and he saw that she was very beautiful. 'What's the matter ¥' asked Fritz. 'Oh!' said the girl. 'I have lost all my goats. They were feeding on the mountains, and something frightened them away into tiiis forest. I followed them here, and now I have lost my way.' ' Can I help yon?''' asked Fritz. ' Yes ; if yon wiil come with mo out of this wood I should be very glad. It is a good distance, bat it is early yet.' They Lad Treiked a good xrc,y without speaking, when Fritz said, ' We are near your cottage now, aren't we ?' and turned ronnd to her. But she had disappeared. ' Why. where has she gone, I wonder?' said Fritz in surprise. ' I never saw her go. ' Tlien the thought flashed across his mind that she was a spirit, and had been sent to bring him into the enchanted part of the forest. ' Well, said he to himself, ?' this is a nice state of -things ! How am I to get home, I wonder ? Well, I suppose I may as well start and try to get home as quick as as I can.' ' so he picked up his aie and started. Suddenly he heard strange unearthly noises. He looked no, and saw nxmareua ana thousands ot little \viiite goblins dancing round him. He struck at them with his aze, but they ali vanished, and ha heard them laughing a good distance away. Then he heard a rustling sound close to hiin. He looked round aad saw a great tall spirit. ' Who are you P ' Pritz asked. 'I have come to help you,' answered the spirit. ' I am one of the good fairies that live in the wood. My family are nearly extinct in this part of the world, owing to the magician having banished us for having helped poor people who got lost here ; but there are still a good many of us on the other side.' Fritz was rather doubtful as to whether this was really a good spirit, as he had been mistaken once. So he asked him some charm questions which, none but the good spirits could say. The spirit answered them correctly, and Fritz was sure then. Fritz asked him where the magician lived. ' We are near his castle now,' said the spirit. Then he went on telling Mm that the magician had all the mortals that he had not killed shut op in the castle in tbe form of birds and beasts of prey. He had taken all the gold and treasures they had. FritE asked if the treasures could be got at. 'Tea,' answered the spirit; 'but it would be very hard. Nothing could be dene without the charms.' ' Bnt,' said Fritz, 'we could get all the charms if we got all the good spirits to help us, couldn't we f ' ' ^Se have teen trying a long time,' ! answered the spirit, ' but we could not dp it without a mortal to help us. ' ?'Well,' said Fritz, ' I would like to release the prisoners if you will help me P' 'Very well,' the spirit said; 'we will come to morrow.' They were near the cottage now, so Eritz said that the spirit could go, thanking him for his kindness. 'Oh, no! that's nothing,' said the Et)irit; 'we wonld gladly have helped any mortal that 'needed our protection, but we could not, and we could not alwavs be there.' Meanwhile Vera -was very frightened, ar.d ws.s thinking that something must have happened to Fritz, bo when he came home she was very glad. Fritz told her ail, where he had been, and everything, and they had tea. The nert day Fritz went to the border of the en chanted forest to wait for the spirit. There he saw an enormously-great hideously ugly man with a long beard and great staring eyes. His mouth was open, and he was^^nashing his teeth, with rage. Fritz's heart sank, for it was the great magician himself. ' So you are here, my fine fellow.' the magician said chuckling ; 'I have you at last. Now, you have to come along, and I am going to THV1 you.' 'Oh, no,' said Fitz, 'you are not gorncr to -ret me so quick,' ' and he made a cut at him witlThis aie ; to his surprise the axe went right through the magician without hurting hirr^ and he sud denly turned round and grased hold of him. The nest thing that Fritz knew, the magician -was holding him by the hair and flying through the air vrith him. Presently he stopped and put Fritz down, and took out an enormous knife or sevthe, for it looked more like the lastnamed article than a knife, and was just going to kill him, when suddenly the spirit, along with some other spirits, came and rushed up and took away the magician's knife, and took possession cf Tiim, ' Now,' the firet spirit, Frits 's friend, said, ' vou must come and show us where the prisoners are kept, and their money.' The old magician very sulkily led them to a great oak tree. There was a hole under the oak tree, and the magician put down his hand and took out three cabinets. ' Now,' he said, ' the first of these cabinets has copper in it, the second silver, and the third gold.' Fritz took them and put them in his pocket, and then they went to the castle, and the old magician told them where the prisoners were. After they had turned the birds and beasts into men and women again, the spirit told Fritz how ho had managed to save him by coming in the right time. The spirit had gone to the border of tho enchanted forest along with lis brothers, the other spirits, just after the magician had taken Fritz, and they saw. the magician flyinir along aad so they went in hot haste to tbe charmed place where the old goblin was. Fortunately, -fhe goblin had gone ont, so they nuHi&sred; to set the charms easily. Then they went as fast as they could to the place where the magician and Fritz were, for they knew the spot, as the magician generally killed his victims there, and just managed to get there in time to save Fritz. Among the people that they saved was a young prince. He said that he had loved a young princess sut she would not marry him unless he went ana killed the magician by himself. He would not do ix at once, but at last he went. Then some of the goblins caught him, and took him to the magician who shut him up and would iiot let him out. All the ofier prisoners hid stories to tell, which would bo too long to tell here. JPritss gave all their money to fiiem, and kept the rest himself; He ont down all ie forest, and fixed up the castle so that he could ivemit; and all tbe prisoners who had lost their homes came there to live. The spirits and goblins all went away when the forest -was cat down. At asfc the prince found that the princess was dead so h4 came and married Tera, and they all lived happily after. 