SANATORIUM IDEFfiOTS- It may be that small pox is not spreading to such an extent aa to reader it probable that the dlsosee will beoome epedimic in onr midst. Still it is rather on the increase than other wise. and knowiner the ravages ol whiob it is capable, when it onoe fairly establishes itself in a populous city, it is our duty to leave nothing .undone that ia calculated to utterly stamp it on1. It is, therefore, with eincero regret that we express onr feeling that the preventative rorssurea that have been adopted are liksly, tttilctfl'improvament are promptly mads, to ' brief k down in one v?ry essential and important direction. We rsfor to tu Cut-pawpaw. Sumo startling rsvsLtioos regarding the ojLblinhuiout rnado to Oar Ho- portor by a gentleman who war otlioLlly wo- nooted with tho place for several wteks are givon elsewhere in our oolumns, aud these will not tend to assure the publio mind thit every thing there is as it ought to b?. Nuthiug c»u be of uuiro Importance at such a oii-ia as an outbreak of smsll pox thu to populariso a Sanatorium. Tat Uw does not pormit tho ootnpulsory roinovnl of patientsjto thoSanatoriutnad thoiioLtum of an infeottd house is so soriou an inoouveniouof to the inmates that to avoid it pooplo will o )u- coal tho (aot of the preeanco of tho disiaso, and oxporience teaches us that thoy will be able to obtain surreptitiously medical aid. Thus wo sro brought faoo ts face with a double danger, arising however from one cause, and that the condition and surround ings of the Sanatorium itsolf. It will not be an easy thing to persnado siok people to go to a place where, in possible deliriam, thcyjwill bo haunted with tho howling of dogs and tho moaning of the wind, nud the iooo)- sant clattering of strong ventilators (whcr> tho outlook isupon dog house aod (owl ooopt) and a bloak dismal plain with sosroo a vestige of vegetation, and not a fljwer or a »hrub visible to remind tho sufferer that outsil tho wilderness in which ho is thoro are still tbo besntios of nature, to the enjoyment of whiob, on recovery, he will return; Add to these docidod draw backs that every shower of r do produces mud ankle doep, that in tha vicinity of the Sana torium there ii a two-acre pond o! postilontial . green atime ; that the culinary arrange- monta are not snoh as to tempt a weak appetite; and that the trans portation thither in tbs to- caUod arabuLn:e weggon, is, to say tho least of it, a ritky one for young patient#, and tho dismal ploture is oom- pleto. Wo have now a new President of the Oentral Board of Health, a layman selected, doabtle>s, beo&ute; ol some epeoiol aptitude for the work, sr.d to his serions oousidora- tion, wo ourauund, the whole of our itiformAot's vLw#. It is too late in the day to select another Sanatorium eito, but there are many thiuga we might do to make tho pi too less dn f ry and forbiddiug. Wo might stop tho conveyance cf pitiouti at a break nsck ;aco with a lomo hurio over rough ground. We might plant a few flowers and shrubs to relievo tho general df eolation. We might abolish the dogs, tho fowl coops and tho mud, and fill up tho slimy pond and improve tho arrangements connected with tho kitchen, These audrntuy other things are required in ordor that the Sanatorium may fully accomplish its intondod purposes lathe work oteradiostiagtbis diBoase, which, in the countries of the Old World, is always more or lees a source of droad and trouble. The " secrets of the prison-house/' so fir as the Small pox Sanatorium at Ont-paw-paw is concerned, will be fonnd revealed to public tiow in Acother column, It was found impos sible for a representative from this journal to obtain a personal glimpse of life and the snr- rcundit g» io that evidently dismal retreat, and . so we were obliged to fall beck on the expedient of interviewing a gentle man who was fir stvoral weeks officially brought into daily acquaintance with Sana torium affair. We have simply described him ab an oflioial, aud for apparent reasons we have no iatention of to further alluding tn his cation puiHlble. Saffice it I hat ho i« at ofca intelligent, observant and experienced, as indeed the rather ditcrcdiUble tale bo has givep to Oor R»pcrtor will indioate. It is almost needless to add that our objeot in pub- libhirg these revelations ia not in anyway to affect tho usefnloets of auoh an imperatively necessary institution as the Sanatorium,bntto awakes the public mind'to a sense of needed improvements, and to tho neoesiity for stricter quarantine rul", and thorough and general disinfecting of all who are brought oven bat slightly into oonUot with this disease, whieh, in the iotrreat of the publio health, and at wbatevf r coat, must be nttorly eradicated. Our Sydney correspondent to-day telegraph that Beach has offered to row H&nl;&n; lor the championship and £1000 aside ia skiffs, but HanluD has declined tho challenge Thia appears as if the Canadian has formed a very high estimate of tho abilities of Beach. Hanlan himiolf attributes his de feat on Saturday to tho interference he mot with from the steamer Tomki, and tho re action prudoeed by the shook he experiensed on suddeuly seeing hie danger, and tbo ter rible efforts he made to get ont of the way, and make np lost ground, The annual elestioss of Mayors of Dittos, Towns and Boroughs, and Presidents ol Shires took place to-day, in aeoordanco with the provisions ol tbo Looal Government Act, in all those municipalities where there bad been contested elections. Tfu results of the elections, so far obtainable, aH> given elsewhere. In one case (Qaeenscliff) it will be seen Counoillor Stoneman has beon sleeted for the tenth time, and iu unother cose a president ba« beeu elected lor the ninth time, 0>jq souly elected Mayor at once donated £20 to (he oca) charities. At Williamstown there was a little mutual admira tion observable. The retiring councillors -prpbo&tvd; the Town Olork with a handsomely buund copy of Milton's Paradise Lost, iUtu- 'rated by Dors, and was, together with an other cunoillor, the recipient of an illu minated- address from the Council It is worthy of n«.te that Mr William Wvire, the Tlwo OLrk of Geeluug. and the oldest Town Cltrk in the oolony, died thin morning, bat most likely vsry f«w of the local bodies were avare of the fact. Thousands of thoke stupid psople who talk before they think were on Saturday, on receipt of the news that Beach tad beaten Haolan, loud in their declarations that the OuiDdiau had Bold the race, and that the whole thing was 7a swindle, It is always thus whoa n publio ideal is shattered. It is so in raoiog, in cricket, and everything else. When Arouie lest last year's Derby, tho outory against his jeckey for having pulled his horse wai both loud and deep, and'fyet everyone knows that from a mile to a mile and a quarter is the colt's distance, and that he did not have a ghost of a show for the Derby. Agrio, whon Ali-Koglrnd recently dofoatod tho Australians by an innings and 5 runs, it wae doolarod that Joe Thompson was at home and had "stifftraod" the Australian bowlers. Now wo have it confidently assorted that Hanlan sold his backors, In this caao a few minutes thought, without tho loast knowledge of how the race was rowed, should have been sufficient to dispel any suoh suspicion, In ths first pLco Hanlan has ad mittedly rowod atrictly "on the square, " as evidenoed by the fact that np till Saturday he had an unbeaten rooord—a minor raoe after, a sovere illcore not being taken into aooouut. deooodly, it is known that ho was particularly anxious to win this race, in ordor that he might retire vithout having had hi fltg iowored dnricg hi career. Thirdly, Beach h notorioariy »bout the best and most improving oarsma-t Australia has over . produood,tand it waa com- uiiulalk, as wo published oa Saturday, Ilia; he hnd written to his brother-in- law deoLriug bo was in tho best ooudition pos&iblo;, and ooa- fidrui of wiuuing, Fourthly, and what ought to have oonvinolog woight with thoso people who arc- Mirpicioua, tho differoooe batwoon the money Haolan oobld liavo insula by loving in- race and that comiug ftohitn by a win wind I bo ho slight that uo euo poraou would iui ho would throw a-vny hia roputi.t htariooid, und tbo championship for it, Tho opening of tho lino of railway to 0 which it isuudorstood will take plnoo oa t ni . proximo, is canning quito a stir at Bruu» aud Cobarg, This morning, at the morticg for tho election of mayors aud oouocillore, bjth council appointed a ceremonial ooramittoo to oatty out a deinoualratiou on tho occasion. A writ h&e; boon i'suad againsttho Viototian Rail way e Gunmissioners by Mr W. II. Lewis, of Queen elroot, solicitor, on behalf of Win. Davie, of Gcolong, who was seriously m- jurcd in tho 1 ittle Kim nocident, The plain- tiff olaims L3000, and tho writ iscuod is ths first under tho Judioatnra Aot, arising out of tbo Littlo Hivor aocideut. It is aaid that tho wife of tho plaintiff died soon after tho now of tho aocidont wa« couvayod to hor, l>\nd that tboiojuiioj reooived by tho plaintiff were so tvere that bis busings, wbioh was (oriuorly fluutiebitg, has entirely oolbpaod from want of attention, A boot fiuiobm, named F. Bibby,who roeidoi rr>xt door to tho huu&o; in Glnigowf street, ColliugHOod, whore a death has oocurred tbrongii small pox, has oallod upon a to oom plain of tho hardships ho has boon sobjeotod to through the noo-ramoval of tbo patients to the SauAtormm. llo statos that it boiog known that small poxixiitednoxtdoortowhiwo he livos, tho workmen in Fool's faotory, Nor thumberland streot, whoro ho was empioyod, refused to allow him to go to work, The coq eequenoo is that be has been reduo#d to great straits On Saturday he bad to pawn otothes to obtaiu food for bimsklf and wifo. He b&stiitdfor; othor employment, but cannot ob tain it, Tho following are tho readings by Gaunt's instruments s— Baromotor, 30.050, Heat in sun to-day 12 noou, Gi, Too highest reading of G aunt's thormomoter in the shade, BourkQBtr'ot,y6Btnrday was 72,ad tho lowobt from 9 xra, yebterday to 9 a.m. to-day, 38\. Tho highest reading in tho sun yesterday was 96. Bain-fall 0.40. Wo have sovoral times oompLunod ot tb ' practice of tho Police iq allowing respaotable dtunkords, who are looked np, teeecapo withcut an appoaranoe at tho bar of tho police court. Auother oae occurred to-day. A well-dressed man and woman woro arrested on Saturday for drunkonnaes anil dis orderly cooduot in front ol th> General Post Olfioe. Tnoir names mrb kept back from the sluot, a tv\ jippatently supplied to tbo Bench privately. Th9 ensos wore called ns numher so and so. No d&fcndriuti; appeared. Tho Binah treatod the matter us if it was All right, and iofliotod a fino of £1 onob on tho inviaiblo oalprita. By what authority ie tbo Hue tbua drawn ? Other eo-oolled ro?peotable people do not posters the secret by wbioh they may bo enabled toslado the publio court appearance after a de bauch, An inquest will be held at the Alfred Hos pital at eleven o'olook to-morrow morning touohisg the death of John Holson, who wav crushed by a fal< of oarth at a brickfield at Glen Iris, MUvoro, as reported in Saturday' Hsralu. The death of an illegitimate ohild, who wai foncd dead braldo its mothor, who resides t Weston sir ot, Branswiok, yostorday morning, aill form the BUbjcot. of a ooronial inquiry this afternoon. Ah unforttmate accident oocurred on Saaday ; afternoon at the corner of Burwood road and Power ttreof, Ilawihora. Mr Win, M'Givcrn, aicBidout of Hawthorn, who-wos returoiog (rtm Balwyu on arathfr bad-tampered home, ndeavoring to turn tho ootner quiokly, the hoifeo slipped, aud with its own impetus ali.i fcoat ten feet, oomieg dowu a fearful orssh an lbs p»or fellow's right Lg. Mr Tto, who witnebrod ths accident, with the assiitanso of a few gentlemen, quickly psmovod the sufferer from tho mud and rain into Tats BDd Pratt's auction rooms. Dr Emo- ling, juar., was qofokly in attendance, end with the kIp of Dr Embling, sen., aud also Dr W. H. Bmblmg, of Frahrao, who hippened to pass at the time, plaood the patient undrr chloroform, and the very reaous injury of the leg being brokon in tbroo ptaoss was discovered. It was, however, soon fixed in spliita, and suooesifully set. Tho suffersr was then convened to his homo, A case <.f garroting wss reported to the polio-- atanesrly boor this raoroiop, An ouginoer ntmcd Thomas Cooper was returning from >» friends house in Carlton, and when posaiupr the corner of Queenl)ory and Lygon streats, about ten miautas to one o'«l»ck, two mou a- eaulted aod robbed h«m. One of tho men pushed Cooper against tho wall, and placed bit bands on -Cooper's month, whilst tbo other man rifled Cooper's pocktts, and t;ok 16 in silver. Cooper was then knocked dewo, and the rubbers dseamped. Tbo police sab-district of Clifton Hill con- tains a popalation of hetwoen 4000 and 5000, and there are twenty milos of ntroeta to b« patrol! d. To protect tbi population, aod Jto patrol these streets, there is a senior oonstab'.a and two othrr members of the force. Fitirffcld, on tho Heidelberg road, bids fair to becoroo a very important and oven fashion able tuburb. Within tho lastfewmunths several fino villas and & number of neat cottages have been erected, and at presont a number of mechanics ore employed fininhing two other beautiful villa, and a magnificent two- storied maneioc, with a tower sufficiently high to command a view of the eountiy for milo#. This building stands on the west eido of the road, at a point about oue hundred aud fifty yards beyond the fourth txiffo post, and forms qnite'a feature is the laud&cape.; Iu coniequouoe of tho oppotitioa offered by ro.identi and owners of propnrty at Ivanhoe to the istabhibujont of abattoirs in that neigh- bnrhood, it it prob&bh; that the project will be abandoned. One of the prinoipal grounds of opposition is that a sufficient supply of water would not bo available to keep a slaughtering eBtabliibmeot to clean e& not to become a publio nuiianoe. The shop of Mr 0 H B ikf>r, butoher,.250 Elizabeth itrect, was broken in yesterday, and about 8s in coppers and valuable papers were etolen, An entrance was effected through the fanlight. On Saturday night the Mayor of Brightoa, M? Arthur W»l«wb, whose term of offio?. expires to-day, cntertaioed the members and officers of tho ISorough Ooanoil, and the loeil prevs, at Hardh«nj'j Msrine Hotel, Middle Brighton. Poiribly Mr Hardham, as au sx-oonnoillor, was ac quainted with the tastes of the guest, and th'> result was tn exosllont dinner capitally servwri, and exceptionally good wines. Mr Bent, MP., proposod the Mayor's health, speaking in high terms of hi energy whib in offiee, The Mtyor returned thanks, Ttio officers were complimented on the perfotmauoa of their respective duties Toe visitor were done fall justice to, and after special allution to tho satisfactory uondition of the Municipal loan, the rest of the evouing was spent iu singingandgAncral Amuvomcr.t.Theproceedingi terminated at a late hour. Lat ovonirg, at about hnlf-pavt eight, a great glsro wen «on in tho riirootioo of Oaul- Seld. The Prehrnn, Windsor, and two riivi- iops of tho 8t. ICilda lire brigades immediately turned out, and after c long ran of nbnt 'our miles they reached tho spot, To tboli great snrpiire acrira-ntificatloo, they ouly (oitt ci taut tlmy ha 1 b;ou the viotlma of a et lavgh.-.Mu though uiiiotoutional hoax, (or what thoy Bupposul t b-j a groat confl gr.vtion, wis only a very logo bonfire iu Mr Webh'a paddcok, Huwthorn Iliad, Otulfield, aud hud uuiU'trily bocu lit to cclabrito soiue jotlifioalion, Tho vorioua brigades who wore in attendrno? expoot, and properly so, that Mr Wobb should r«o.uu omo thorn (or their praiseworthy efforts aud promptitudo in so quiokly turning ou>, as no uotitlodion bad bti-a received of tho lutoutiou to light tho hugo uotifiro. Soiuo timo ago tho HoidolbergSiitro Ootinoil QAuecd a iiumU.t of fine healthy young trees to be planted along the sidos of tho Hjidolbrg road, (torn a puiut near tho Morrl Oreok to AlpLiiitus, aud for tho protootion ol the trees substantial guards wore prouded, scinowbat similar to thoso to be sceu on thu Bydnoy road, oppoaito tho Uoyal Park, Within tho la?t fow days kovural of tho trcos haro bsen dostsoyed in tho most wanton manner, tbo tops bicg ocmplotely broken c-ff. This sort of vaodAlism is attributed to tho Oollibgwood larrikins. Tho bntcheri of Iliobmond, South Yarra and Frahran havo jollied together to erect a Re frigerating oitablUlunout iu 'the first uainod place, in which thty onu htoro their meat in hot weather, without having to oonroy it all tho ft ay to Melbourne. Riohmoud is more conveniently s.lUmtod fsrboth.tho South Yarra snd Frahran butoture tlnn Melbonrno, and botoo thu uiovomynt. A meeting hns been .held, Aid a provisional ouimuittoo formod to oarry ont tho objoot mentioned. Tho praetico of shorthand appears to be becoming geooral. We aro iuformod that lOvcral gfujilemen are now engaged organising a 1'hoi'ograpkio Club, whoso mombora will be afforded facilities (or perusing tbo Ltost phonetic literature, and will meet for mutual practice of tbo stenographic art io reporting and cot responding styles. Nnmorou othi-r milar advantages are to bo offered, and the subicriptiou is to bo merely nominal. A pre liminary moating of member will bo shortly oouvenod, "John" calls attoutiou to tho very 'clumsy mann6riu whloh oort.uu repair to the Fall Bridfio havo beou curind out. Ho states that uulsas tome attontiun is givon to tho realtor tho City Oounoil will have to dufoud more tbau oso aotiou for Q xq 0( oureff has aGon liia pired, aha iully on- flbreos" JchaV views, Mr W. OL« writes:— "Greatly Dhap- poictcd"ccm;LiQS very bitterly of tho manner inwhich tho Turn Yvreiu BII at tho Exhibition wis tr.aungod, He begins about tho supper, for which he prid a balf-ft.jruxvn, and for which l.u only received & small piece of tongue, three fhiu sliocs of him, a tvrt aud a fow small pieces of broad, all he oonld poo ou the »ahh». Allow mo to oxplaia that by opouii g fen-5(iB for carlorer one was 1MU 10, another £3G, and Gnnsler'a £27, but aa wo though'. Gunsler would give satisfaction wo gavoitto him,ft&dto; onr Borodisappointmonf,ureveri body has been complaining. You will aoo, Sir, that tho Committee of Maungomcnt is not to blamo for this, a thoy did not accept tha highest tender, but left it in tho bsudo of a oatercr of whom you and I could have txpcctcd somothing f«r differout. Tho ball programing I think, was all that could be desired at a muik- bill, aud mot with gocerol approbation as rcg-rds tho murio. Allow mo t»i stvto the band wi oompiaod of 50 pcrfrnre rs of the beat plnfcra of Melb;nrupf of which I think there is no reiwon to complain. That the cloak 700m w&a; crowded is natural when about IrOOladiot and gentlemen urooutbe floor, and most vf them stop to-tho last, bat this you cannot blame the Oommifetoo of Mro- sgement for, m it iv'a part of the Exhibition Building, and comc« under tho trusto of the same, A correspondent writos On Saturday night, about half-past eiht o'olook, visitor to Colt,' Book Aronde were snddooly plnngsd nto darkneiB in the first and sroonil Btoriea of the bnilding. Tho gas waut ont, aud it was tome considerable time bofore it was again lighted. Dating the timo it was oat tho scone may bo bitter imngined .than described. Of course tho young men in tho place appeared to be highly delighted, while fcse young women appeared rather ccxrivoppmially ben a oryof "rata" was raised. This was the rigcal lorthe fsmales to gather their dresseB tcgctbor, but it was a complete failure a re garded? these who woro crinolines. I am afraid that if there bad been any rats about thefie ladiea would have regretted wearing cucb article#. Wbentbo ga was lit again as sud denly us it wont ciut.Baveral young ldie wore seen to bo bluthiug fariomly, and thia, coupled with the fact that om&ious; sounds w#ro hoard proceeding from differout parts oftho building, luggoalod the idea that someone hadibaon in dulging in a garao of "poatman'a knoolc," or "Jacob's ladder," An amnting instance of tho desire that prevailed amongst Salvation Army people to hear Oolonol Ballington Booth was given yesterday. It aomobow or other got wiod that tbo Colonel would make bis first public appcaranca at the Oollingwond bit- racks yesterday. Acoordiogly, the pLco, which holds 1C00 people, was crowded to overflowing at tho 'forenoon meat- iug. Colonel Booth did not put in an appoar- tnce till tho nftemoon, but thoso who were pretest in the forenoon woro not to be thwarted in that way, and so most of ... thorn oaino provided with loBchof, ol which they partook in tbo barracks, and kept their soots, so preventing a groat many vi>itors from other placrs from oven gat- ring standing room inside. Colonel Booth, who u not in robust health, was iodispojod after bis voyage, and conEoquently ho wai cot present at tho Temperance Hall in the evening. To-night a grand demoo&tratioa; to welcome him is to be held in tho Town Hftli, It ia noticeable that all ths Salvation Army o fficers are mosloal, either vocally or inatra- mentally. Yesterday; when Ooloncl Booth first hesrd the Ovllingwood Band playing religion# aire, ho literally jumped with onthu- riaauj, Snddc-nly he wont outside and spoke to tbemembfreofthoband, complimenting them on their profioioooy.and telling them that they ought to select tH poorest and worst plaoes in the city, and givo tbo roaident in these parts tho benefit of their music, Tho buiincBS ehrewdnoaa of Goueral Booth oftho Salvation Army, is coming to be pro verbial. llrta iuau ioatnncs, when Mr Moody t Moody aud Snukoy) finished his mission in London, he had a largo movoublo hftll,oipable of netting 0C00 ptrsons. This was at onoe bought by tho General for tho.oomparativaly nsiKnificent sum of £020, By tbo expenditure of £1000 this has been converted Into eix ucaller building. Ths head quarter of the Salvation Array wrrt literally besieged this morning by persons wittt.ii g to »ee Gjlonel Booth, the seoond -cfficeria command 0! tho Army throughout ths wc-rld, bat that gontloman had to de- cliae soeicg any viaitors, a he has ao much to do during tho short tay he will make in Molbonruo. The while of ths morning was dovoted to consulta tions with Major Bavkor and other oflioora of tho looal Armyand most probably tha Amo prcgramme will bo gone through to-morrow. On Wodnosday the Oolonol will, most likely, be able to icq visitors. Thid evening bo in to addrest a gathering in the Town Hall which is expected to i>o crowded on the occasion. The hD Graham Btrry, Obicf Saotetary, was oxpootcd 10 ho present, but oircumatanods will prevent sis attendance, and hi plaos will bo takra by ly the hou. J, M, Campbell, Fustmatbar. CrLtersl. The several .. barracks ol the Army nt South Molb.'ur.o, Frahrtu, O-i- lu.gt.od, HmiIuviii, mii nth««r pla.-ie 1 ro to he cloecil- to auable "sohliors" t<> t i-prcientRt the dointuisirMthm. Great pro- li.rali tw have boeu madu for thojevorit, whiob is luokrd njjou as ono of groat importaiiae by tbo Army. .Thtre t to bo uo proctasioo, but tho "enldfoiH " are to uflsembla iu front of tho Town Hail at au ourly hour. Bomo of -tho spurring renders of Tin: Uhiiami huve a piutiilecriou for augliug a a paatimo infty not know, aud therefore ba glatl to Larn, that n oiitain compoeiliou onllod by " tho kuuwiug uno " "Ashtnigande," is an allmemt'iit (hut tho mullet, aud othor fih vrhich havo a furorlta oruUing ground soar tb«i north pier at Wiltiamstown, oaonot resist. " Abhudgaudor" (nobody osems to kuow tho oxnot spslHug of tho word) is tbo nnuo that remains in the cauldron nftcr butchor have boiled down tlioir refaso to inako tallow; and tho stuff, with tho queer name and a horriblo srooll- quifo of itaown when plsood in a small not, and hung over the side of a boat will attract tish from lav and near, and anglors' hooka dangling in tho vicinity aro paid muob attontiou to. Thoro is eplecdidtp rt to bo had nt Williamstown jnst now, and fiibormon who kuow tho sooret of "Aabmigandor" are making big hauL, to the groat wonderment acd voxntion of their less well-informed brethren. General meetings woro hold in the Insolvency Court to-dfty in tho ostateof Hugh Gorman, of Brunswick, laborer, aud Christopher David son, of tho same plaoe, butohor, Io tho latter estate dobta were proved amounting to L118, and Mr T. J, Davoy was appointod trustoe. An application was made in Chambers, be fore Mr Justice Higinbotham to-day, in tho action Jonas and another v. Sarah Ford. This action was for the sum of L612, lodged fa tho London Chartered Bank here as money allegod by plaintiff to bo part of the insolvout estate of Patrick Ryan, who was declared in solvent at Tiinaru in Now Zealand, plaintiff boirg trustees of that citato. Too money had boon ordered to bo paid iuto oouct to nbido tho result of au )V:uo as tu whu- ther tho mouoy bolongod to dolondnnt, who had lived with llyan, or wai Uyan's, and thL application was for a oommimiou to oxaiuiqij witnesses at Timaru. Dcf?udtMiij fraa iu CJhBintxirfl, but U9t 'rcp?;D«ulod"liy » nolioitor, find hia Honor dttltfd tli»t alio should ilUYO profm.iouul rssiitnucj. Mr Hamilton, coiuldOl for -tho plainliil, pointed ont that bis Honor conld under tho now Jadica- turo Stnlnto nsjin a rolicitor to dofeodAitt. It's lloonr n.ked Mr Ellis, who >epr,sonted Mr Kidston who was sitting in IChsmbfrs if ho wonld tsho tho cure, nod Mr Ellis assonted ou condition that ho find 2-1 houra to rend tho nli'uliiviird. This bis Honor granted, nod tbo oaao oaino on accordingly, when M> Ellis snbmitted that as th erohnd been ulrosdy four extensions of oommis' Eion hi« Honor wonl'J not grant onothor, ss proper exortions had not befn used. Mr Hamilton, on tho othir side, submittod tha delay whs uiv avoidable, and it oonld only bo a mattor oi torme. Aftrr considerable nrgumont, during ithich hi. nonor (olt diulucliocd to grant tho comtnisrlon, would only grant n now couimis- rion and oxtond tho term fur two months on condition that plaintiffs should, ns u condition, pay thedofrndaatLl3 lOo expeusas, and two gninons costs of oppodpg litis summons, Ths counsel for plaiutiif sssouted tu tbess term', Tho order was invio aocordiugly. His Hor.rr Mr Justica Higinbotham iu tbo Fr nctico Courc this inoruiug gave his rerorvod deoiiion upon au application inndo to him on summons at the in.Uuco of Mrs M.lpt?, tho rospondeutin fhisdivoioasnit, for a commission tobe iBrnedtc Esglond fur tho oxamina'i >n on her brh.df of Sir Juhn Outtnn, aud Mrs Susan Malpar, tho peiitiuuor's mother. Tim matter was urgutd bufuro his Honor on F,idny and to- day, ho made uu ordor for tbo oomiuis- tinu.a.aslri'd, returnable on tha 1st F.ibriv.ry, 16S5, until which liiuu tho oauso will uot ooiuo on for hor, ring, An application in C. moron v Cameron was recently rondo by the petitioner to have this di.orco suit tried by a .ingle judgo under Ilia Divoroo Amendment Aot (Shiolo' JAot.) Mr GryJls uppeBred for tho patitienor, and Mr Ellis (for Mr Kidston) for tho respondent, who b»d auswered in the suit. Alter eouio trgmnint, His Honor Mr Justice Higinfcothum said he doubted whothor it was necessary for an order to bo rnado in divorce cases tu ho hoard by a single judge, and ho would rororvo bis decision. His Houor, after considering tbo application, held to-day that it was now unnecessary for a judge's order, pis every petitioner could without on order set down his suit for heariog baforo a single judge, aud Ills Huuor therefore uiado no ordor. od Dicker, a youog man of tho laboring class, war tried at tho Criminal O)nrt,;bofuro Mr Justico Higinbotham, lor shooting at hia wifo Chorlotto Diokor with jintent to miirdor her. Ha was defended by Mr M'Dsrmntt. The affair hapi»ned at OoIlicgwoedoa23rdo!Jaty. The prisoner had been away from homo for soma time, and oarao to bis mother-in-law', house, wheru hia wifawsr wlth.an open kulfa looting lot hot. Thia was on Thurs day, 22nd July. Oo tha following day ho caiuo outside tbo bouso end said ho wonted to roe bis wiio, Sho oame to him, and as sho did so ho drew his band from hie pooket. Tho wife screamed and attempted to run but it'll. He placed a pistol whiob ho held in his bund olose to hor bond, aud Bred the birch, tnkiug tffeot. Tho b.ii was ab stracted iu tho hospital, aud tho woman re covered. All tho ciroumrtauces pointed to a deliborato and pramoilitated attempt ai murder, aud tho ouly extenuating foature ol theo eo was that tho prisoner had been driak- ng previously. Some members of thepolico forco enlightened tho City Bench to-day on doings in tho Bsok Slums, nprrpot at a oasa against Riohard Howard, who gotamonlh for vagrancy. Two fnmous resorto, known as the Playground and Deodhousr, bavo bcon olorod. Thereforo tho orowa of vagraute ata hard pnt to it for places in wbioh tu aseembio at night, Tho cold wet weather prevents thorn Irom going to tho Government Houeo Domain, where on u anmmor morning, tho Mrit of bottloe bread, meat, eto., in ohoioo spots on tho grars under tho trees or bushes, toatiiios to the naturnalia aud oorroboroeo ol tho mala and female vagabonds of Melbourne by night, in viowpf the lights of tho city. Serious com plaints have been made about vsgrautr resembling on various properties iu Mel. bourne of lato by night. In aonteqnonoo of this, tho polito woro inetruotcd: to mko a raid last week. They deaooiided upon an old stable, off Littlo Bonrko ntroot, aud hero thoy found tho tbioves kitchen in lull bloat. Frowsy men and ragged woman, Iiko the witchna in Macbeth, eoattored iu all directions on tho piilicornkn dortiDg amid them, nltor I ho fashion ol aurpri«ing a coleotial gambling houeo. Shouts wore heard of 11 Heave a briok," "Knook 'am down," and so on, The only culprit saenrod woe Howard, whoso fato lias already bsen re corded. He was amueing tho motloy orow with hymnology on tho mouth organ. Hin dolcnoo boforo the Bench was that ho wm an industrious rabbit hawkor, making excursions at tunes with fieh, especially whon tho nil- chsrds oomo in. Ho claimod tha right to upend his ereniugs ns ho liked. Howovor, tho Bouch decided that thoso until 18th Sop- tumber, must be spout iu prison. William Bensett was Worn tho City EenoU to-day for defrauding tho Lying-in-Hospltal, in tho supply of wood. Tho amount was 15. but it war etsted that f.r more oxtonstvn poca- .lotions wsro mrmired. . Mr Ksue, in dofoooo, ord there would no doubt.be a romand, and Til bo asked for thaThJ 2 ho iir'souiit li,.d a d a family, and a homo, aud Wss Ti !.ml ,uu """V- Mf Call u,,1 This a very serious mattor indeed ; » ing crnnodofranding a oha.itablo iL, i| ' ''U and wo am iuli rincd that many „t| ' offences havo bcoa cominiitud," T\i , l."' "But your Worships ore not to as.ue,/? ! my oliont is guilty. I am ios'.-uoted that tw' all a mistoke." Mr (),n Rotltlio money?" Mr Knn xy.,., YL' Wowhipa will bear Ilia rlofuvc-.i wl»ou n».\,0llr is given ol tho ohnrge. " T.-; ,, Bonoli ro„, ' 'I" tile oaso till Friday, siloivi„y hail i„ modus opermuli ol tim sniwllo, ' j, l" court, was.by ulterior. " oiplr and .loom,..?' " 00 to mako tho nimmo-.« lo-g»r. Hinlul tho committees of oliiiiiwhl., !uSii,uli ' k|' now be onerhaulieg tiio Ia. jIi, soo if any trlokury of tli-j kind l a, ou. """ t'-'m Tbo htisiueso trr.nrnatnl at tiio Vfrih Court to-day wan of an niomportant cliw». A youth, nauiod Thoiaas I'nrcrll, wsicl. with sssanlting Con. table Miirphy il'V oxcmition of his duly. Tho ovidonoe 1,,,'s prosocution was to thu effect that on s i day, tho 2nd instant, a disturbance o,4,„ noar tho Sslvatiou Army banaoks in a I street, Murphy went tor tli„ asni'.i. another coustable, nnd it wan all. g»,i flio rcuillo Purooll kioltod Murphy ' times. The dufenco was that it was n. mietuhrn identity, aud tho Hunch dimsl!!"! ' tho dolei-dant. ""ft At the Williamstown Polico Ooui' a, niornii-g a man named Lowo ploadod sniu, , itruukonncHs. Lato on Satur-dny ovcir„, u! wont into a house in Cecil street, aod Kt , , lo luive. Ho was uUiaict. iy cxp.||c,i , Riven into custody. As lie Ind buoa lnc',,. i sinoo Saturday ho was dirohargsd, aod ou U log tho dock expressed thanks to tho nrrerM, conitublo (Myers) for lookiug after hiscort proiwrty, which oontaiocd ooiuo vslu.w jtwellsry, aud a largo sum of ruoaoy. A grand concert, bas-ror and ralil.! wiM k held in tiio Prahrun Town llall, on W'-j. day, Hie 27th August, to cilobiato tha",?!!' vortaiy of Iho looal lodge of U.S.A. (o-j„ ! St. Andrew). Tho list ol |,:Us oompriw, m beohil nrliolcs, many of Ilium being vary v,i able. The liiemlMra of tho I-idgo foci aaii?,i),ni of cuccess, having spare, d no offetis or etl/ in gelling tho affair up, " J A epreial mcoting o, ,i,o committco 1!w Vicluiiah Uonrcicg Cinb will |,o hild i aitr rnoou, fur tho pnrpooo of mokiuo c rl ' slteriiliono in tho conditions of the next -T'" d.uo uotico of whioli will bo ndverti-, i t morrow. Tho probablo altorolions win a making tho Vice- presidont'a Plot„ su ' ' stakes, and: adding au Ago Slakes »t , each. Tim Molbonruo Young Mono Ci-ii/i,,, Arsccutiioii havo oponod up ,, now w rit h holding eoivicca at tho Soilora' Horn- V, ? tlrtrt, tor tho honoflit of tho sc.vmn tUsro Tho first rervico wiib conducted on 20.-1 .M." end havo siuco boon onntinuod wockly, tu, ,t' teudniico being moat gratifying, and' the-w suits satisfactory, The moeting citbo Tiicrusnd Vidua „ „v Mnlhouruo ami snbutho called for io'm , afternoon in tho Viotoriu Hnll, Bonrk., n«il will donbUesn bo largely attended, nr ihl prinoipal qncaticus to bo discus'od t'-u s 1 ability or Sunday closing and inursssT ihi pnop or roffnoiBB tho quaulily 0f spirita ",»o tlo greatest individual interoat !u tha»h'«h trade. An advertisement appoaru el?eul:s During tho loot day or two (writ.i iln iimdigo Advertiser )t eomo ugly rum', htv. bcon going tho rounde to tho effort tbat lv\ >ouog mew, brothers, who for aomo ti»n emplrryod u\ cltrfea in n Ioriobusiho.-d in hurat, were doficieuf: in thiir accouar to win extent of nearly £1009. On inqtiirv 1 « ,)T„a. Ing of one ol tho houji of tho firm in quVti-in unrr.prefautativiMvaa iofo.mad th.»t r, irfcticBchomo of fMaifjitjg t'he bookj had biou csrric-d on for Homo moutbn, Tho olLndri" hmvovur, have l»-ft tho district, aud on ncc-unt cf tbeir family relatione! Uioireui('loyoxdou intend to talto ptoccuuicgj agrtniit tfjoiu. Of tho Salvation Army— in whoso Australian cftuipaipn tho udvoofc of tha eon ofthuFwj«l Morehallison npueh-The Saturday Unit v alter ohwrving that iln mission, iicsonttvi; to itaiown munifcato, io "to uwko all thima, druuIuu'K, outcast? aud plauo uf so ciety poacaaUs acd loyal citizqna," ur>d that oven tbo Buhopa forbcur t di.tuib its Moldioia bcoatuo.doicg a gcoil «v.-r!r, if in a rciuh way, call attontiou to what ii uniquu iu the S.>jvHtJou system, ns eoutiancd with former revivals of tho follower of WuU. fluid aod Wueloy, uamoly, tha; tharo is b» pretence of n spiritual oigimisariou bafilatl this cuw(|ind uoiay proooea of ojuvcraloo. Mothodieto — 8V0U Itinteta — i)a?o ul ways rocogniecdCBRthftt thoro 4 wis ocod of nu ocoloHiaalioal policy ; that screaming m&do; but one tUgoiu tha Ohm- tian's careor ; and that meditation, ho uu!y practice, nud secrot duvotiun bad tboir plic# iu tbo holy life. Bat Salvationist?, Miiail ihsir frenzy of conversion, havo no theory of a godly walk, For tbam Ihy first fctopi# tbs only ono lor which provisiuu nood ba ,m%de. Tho converted aiunor has uo duty in iifo ex cept to turn and couvort other tiinurri. fit uoDooflbelr reports, and nt nonu « f ttcir me6tii)g8, ia tho queation of the relipitui ilif ovr. mooted. Dnder tho hoad of a Gentleman Cropsioi- swtoixr, Mr It, 11, Buelr, write in "Nuhs aud Quorier," I havo to thank various conlr1 buloid for x&plioS;'Under thia hood. I w.-ou- i- story ou tho aubjyot (In tho iiriVfion for .)n 1870 at'thorcqurst of & friend, who said he wm acquainted with tho hero of it. The oircumatonceH wuro very prthotic, The rnine;l gcntlsxnan contiuncd to xuaintaiu tho wife uf bis ftffectiouB in a lifo of ens by presenting himstlt »s a ono-lrg;;ed beggar oa a crowded city crossing, notwith«taa conviction thftt it would ooad grief, He wa finally run over by nis nwn wife's bronghain. Sho had..ucvor rmpaitid v/hat bis bcbinesa was till sho saw the vioti'A of_«ho unhappy nocidoutvTha paregrApb in tha Court Journal surprised xue, as I (aoctad it mpliod that tho etory rIvbu mo was a fiction » but I am interested to flod now that Ih-.-ra beon lucre th«n one eimilar occurrano?. Ono of tha English religious peiiodlirvl'i 'r> coivtdbythomi.il, states that at AraoeiitS.ilvfl" tiou Aimy damonetration at BhoffitUd, the proctftioii was a mile long, and con'.atueJ uo lens f ban fifty brass band. In America, there aro often " ranch wad- diupi'f at "church eooiablo? ; " and no» wo see that, the other day, at a Dnndeo Sunday- sohool picuio, tiitco couploa were married " io joke " by a miDistor. Tbo idea was sogosted whon they were in tbo railway carriage,. and ontbuuaeticaliy was tbo uiatlorprcssod that ths minieter could not escapo performiog'tbu mock ceremuLy. Threo of the jur.ug mon thw chose heir partners, aud tho ocremony wa cirrUd hreugh iu tbo orthodox fashion, ths rainirinr, n ouuoludiog, grevoly declaring tho i'.ttics to be lrgnlly married, and reminding them uf tho rtlalive duties of husband and wifo. Tho ptciiui aro row in u tetrtblo state of perplexity »d f-ro taking legal odvico a? to thir re-fl position ; for it has been hinted to thom that by tbo law of Soollard thoy ore really- married, oil of them being of ago, And haviug gono through tho mamago ceremony and d«'clrfld their newptanco as bnsbsnd And wifu i« tb? ptorcnoaof witnesneo, Itissomo oowlattoa to know, suys ao Kxchftcgo, that aorao of tbem nietinci- rtly hupofnl that this Is tho o«o » bu it ia reported tbat tho others are not so ell doused with tbeir haphazard ohoioo, aud wish itwerootherwieo. 