BUDDHISM IN BELATION ; TO'' CHRIdTIANIlrY. At the last large meeting held in Feb.. ruary, by the Victoria (Philosophical) In stituto, 7 Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev B. C. Collins, fl.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christi-. anitly. Referring to the parallel between. the persohs and characters of Buddla andi Jesus Christ, he said:-Take as a promi nent instance, the birth 'stories, I.need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism.: The supposed miraculous conception; .the bringing down of Buddha fromithe Tusita heaven; the DBvas acknowledging .hia supremacy; the presentationin the Temple, when the images of Indra and oither .gods threw theinselves at his feet; the tempta tion by Mara-which legions aeo embel. lished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phases'as "Conceived by the Holy Ghost," " Born of tle. Virgin' Maya," "' ong 'of the heavenly host," " Presentation in.the Temple and tempta tion in the wilderness"-none of these is found in the early 'Pli texts. . The simple' story of ancient Buddhismnis that an asecetic,?; whose family name was Gautama, preached o a new doctrine of human suffering, and: a new way of. deliverance from it; i''Thereia's no thought in the early Buddhism, ofwhichi" we read in the PAli texts, of deliverance atf the hands of a god;.but the man Gautama: Buddha stands alone in his striving :after' the true emancipation from sorrow and ig' norance. The accounts of his 'descending" from heaven, and being conceived in. the - world of menl, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds,. the blind 'received' sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the' sick were cured, together with alli such .em bellishment, are certainly added by later hands; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in. our. Bibles we need not be astonished, whenwe reflect how great must have bebn the in-. nflence, as I have' before hinted, of the Christian story in India in |the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps' long subsequently. ' This is a pint which has been much overlooked; but ic is abun. dantly evident from, among other proofs,' the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the histbry iof Christ. The Biayavat- Cita, a theoeophicalpoem put into the mouth of: Krishna, is something unique among the productions, of the East, containiig many gems of what we should call Christian truth .wrested 'fom" their proper setting, to adorn 'this creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their otigin as do the stories of this life in the .Maia-B.Baratls ; so that it has not no'." reasonably been concluded that' thestory of Krishna was inserted in the .Maha". Bharata to furnish a divine sanction to the. BhagavatGita.' If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian" story, somewhere between the 'first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced. itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most' remarkable poem that ever saw the light: in India. can ve be surprised if we find 'similarly orrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute so guinea subscribers were received, and ifts abject being to investigate all philosophical snd scieutific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible a discussion ensued in which Mr. Hormouzd Rassam, Professor Leitmer, from Lahore, Mr. Coloa, an earnest student of the ques tion during 25 ydars' residence in Ceylon, Professor R'hys Davids, and others took., part. All agreeidg in and coufirming the; statements of Mr Collins' paper.,. Dr; Liitner brought' a large number of .photo. graphs of early Indian and 'Tariar. sculp. tures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those, monuments between about the second and centuries' and he pointed out the value of such'addi.' tional confirmation of Mr Collins' state ments.. 