THE completeness with which the anniversary of the birth of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales was observed on Monday last, was a fitting mark of respect paid to one of the most useful Englishmen of which the race can boaBt, as well as proof that our loyalty to the Queen, and the old laud, instead of falling off, is really increasing. The Prince of Wales is no successful warrior, and no great statesman, neither has he made any mark in the literature of his country; so that it is not from any standpoint which usually begets public favor that his arrival at the age of forty-three years was so demonstratively honored. As heir-apparent to the British Crown, he is • maternally forbidden to take pprt in wars, and is simi- larly tabooed from mixing himself np with the political affairs of the State; and it is a wise discretion which lays both embargoes upon him. But he is the eldest son of a Queen who has inspired her subjects with the deepest esteem and respect; and this goes a long way to account for the highholiday which the people of Victoria kept last Monday in his honor. But it will not explain the universality, so to speak, of the suspension of business, and the junkettings which Monday laBt displayed, as the Prince of Wales has ever since his birth been the eldest son of the Queen, and yet, nntil the last year or so, the holidays kept on the anniversaries of his birth were of the mildest and least noticeable nature. What is it, then, that has caused such a marked departure to have taken place in thiB respect of late, and why is it' becoming the fashion to make 1 as loyal a demonstration on the Prince of WaleB' birthday as when the Queen's birthday comes round to be celebrated ? The answer is one, "which nofc~only justifies all this respect, but which stamps the Prince of Wales as one who thoroughly realises the true responsibilities of his position. The Prince of Wales is at this moment the most popular man in England, popular with the masses even above Mr GLADSTONE;" and be toe, won this popularity by what? By heading nearly every movement, and almost initiating every movement, having for its object the -improvemeint of the condition of the poorer classes, -working like a giant.in every social effort which the old country has evolved, and show-- ing a geniality of deportment which makes himi as accessible to the humblest as to the most exalted in rank in the community. Baliarat 'people who have just J returned from a trip to the old land tell m that the ,Prince is never at rest, except when asleep, as he scorns fatigue whenever and wherever he. can be of use to the people. N$ver a week day passes over • without finding • lim presiding over, "or speaking, or doing both; at pome gathering having a philanthropic - outcome, • while sometimeshewill attendandspeakathalfa dozen of such gatherings within the twenty-four hours. He will Mart, perhaps, by opening some newlraiMinga ereofed as dwellings for the poor, then jump into his .'carriage and drive off to 4 flower thaw held io'r a -charitable purpose; then off again, this time, per- B A T C O U R I E R . W E D N ilter ip' 'oy train for fifty or a hnndrad J f i i \- S i . haps conclude by giving hia personal patronage to a bazaar or other effort got up for the benefit. o£ poor adults or children. Meanwhile, he fills up tboBe gaps in the Koyal observances caused by Her Majesty's partly continued seciusion, displays a benevolence -which so far as the immediate is concerned, leaves himself with scarcely a penny, is open to be consulted by any decent person who is in distress or suffering under any grievance, frequently visits the hospitals to console the sick, and ir.f uses any amount of energy into the Royal Commissions on Dwellings for the Poor, of which he is the chairman and certainly the most active spirit. Sach is &0w the Prince of Wales now sjjends hia time, and has bevn spending it for some while past; and it has made him, as we have said above, the moBt popular man in England, for it is acts of this kind in high places which arouse the eBteem of the people of the old land, aB they harmonise so intimately with the national instinct. And those acts are becoming known ont here* and this will account for the fervor with which the Prince of WaleB' birthday is now kept in Victoria, where a few years ago it wa8 allowed to pass over almost unnoticed. '. Cynics may say that the Prince of Wales, in doing all that we have described above, and a great deal more, simply shows that he "faiows his way about," recognises that if the throne iB to last it can only be by the occupant, and those immediately surrounding it, winning the affections of the people. But if there is anything in this notion, there is a great deal more in the disposition which the Prince possesses, and which has been shown in a hundred way3 where no selfish consideration could arise for a moment. The Prince of Wales .haB always been what is commonly known as a " eood-natared fellow," and when he reached an age which brings wisdom and. sympathy with it, he, logically enough,'joined the ranks of those working for good and philanthropic ends, independently of any selfish consideration which cynical people may infuse into his head, although if this consideration does ever crop up in his mind, it only shows his good sense, for it is certain that if the English monirchy is to last, and we trust it always will on its present basis, it can only be by the Eoyal Family recognising that they have great responsibilities to discharge as weir as an exalted position to occupy. Whatever may be the motive, however, thore is the fact, that the Prince of Wales works like a very Trojan .in all efforts for the public weal, outside politics from which a higher authority keepB him aloof, and that he gives from his purse to the sick and the poor more than it will frequently stand, so much so, indeed, as to keep the official who has charge of this branch of his household affairs in a constant state of worry and fear. For such an heir-apparent t_o the great British Throne, we may wejj feel respect and esteem, as in all that pertains to the offspring of a nbbie Queen, and to the duties which really rest upon his class, he is showing himself well worthy of his rank and position. WE take it for granted that the muddle which is being- made at the Lydiard street railway crossing, will not be allowe.d to last, but that the Railway Commissioners, when they learn the irritation which that muddle is causing, will insist upon the presiding genius devising a better method to meet the requirements of the Baliarat public. We adopt this belief, because the Commissioners have shown themselves anxious to meet the public wants in a reasonable manner, as has been evidenced in a variety of ways, and particularly in the new tariff of charges for seaside and annual tickets, and tickets for the Schools of Mines, which was so recently issued. The whole thoroughfare for pedestrians in Lydiard street would be hopelessly blocked if the present remarkable design was carried out, while the risk to life and limb would be omnipresent, No person conld either enter tbe swing gates or emerge from tbem without stepping on to the roadwav. where there is a large vehicular traffic of all kinds, and where, therefore, the risk of being knocked down and run over would be irrepressible. On the other hand, nurse - girls wheeling perambulators conld not get through the swing-gates at all, so that they "would have to wheel their little charges along the road to get up or down Lydiard street, thus running imminent rick of peramhnlator, child, and nurse-girl being jostled, and possibly run over by the vehicles; and as a large number of families, having numerous offspring, reside on Soldiers' Hill, this is an important element in the esse for . consideration. . Blocking no the footpaths, and forcing people into tbe roads, where there iB a large vehicular traffic, .is perfectly monstrous aisvway; and we ehnnld like to sep. the man who devised the idea publicly exhibited, for sncb an abnormal curiosity would be worth inspecting. The flwing-gates are represented'to'us aElharmg J 1fifbeurte which is being fabricated at tbe station, as they are to be made fast when trains are coming in and going out, equally with the larger gateB which cross tbe roadway. But the result would very, likely be to/ prevent persons from escaping through the opposite gate before the interlocking machinery was set .going,- thus exposing them to tbe risk of being run over by the trainB, even if they escaped the same fate from the vehicles in «he street when entering the first gateway. It will be no USP, therefore, for the designer of the muddie. to . say that the ohjept is to protect life, beoause, instead of doing this, the s mnddle will only place life in greater jeopardy. Nor will, it be any use to plead that tbe whole of the plan has not yet-been worked out; that subways to get fid of the difficulties which are now foreseen will be excavated, for sub^ways at such a station:.would never answer. If sub- ways were made, on a elope from the street, they would take up too much of the footpaths, and on one -. Bide shut up the traffic of two streets, or if they were made witlp descending and ascending steps, no nupe-.girl -with a perambulator i could use tffijBe thoroughfares, ahd the pprambnlatortr^^f^eB^H8ave^ Jargeone-Butwhswouldcaretogointo the snb-way sat night, and incur tbensk of being garotted aDd robbed, wbere lllB or her cries would not be heard, eape- E S D A Y . N O V E M B E R 1 cially wi* * "ain ^^ng overhead ? wk<r narnttarH wonld bless tne man sngon of thaf *eIarioue caumg ^ ! and ill-trpatment women sw enough •exposed as it to « Without « sub-ways being made to odd to risks of this naturp. Thesub-ways wijlnot,therefore, be regarded by tha "public of Baliarat as sufficiently dpiling with the case, but, if made, would only be viewed by the public as an aggravation of the surface evil. What is wanted isto have the crossio'gs for pedes'rians made es tbpy wera ' before, with a straight course over the lines from footpath to footpath, leaving the opening as wide as the Wpath, having Bwing-gates, if the tl-parmeno likes, the same as has been in use there for some time, and which have done all that has been wanted There have been these openings for the last ten years, and nobody was hurt by them, and nobody would probably be hurt by them for the next ten years if th p y were revived, while, they have fully accommodated all pedes trians, tbr>se with perambulators included. To do away, therefore, with a scheme which baB answered so well, and to substitute for it what is sure to be attended with great annoyance, and danger, iB a piece of absurdity of the rankest sort, and, outside the Government service, would never be countenanced or attempted. / It is. understood that th« City Council-^whicb, without proper thought, once approved of <he new design—will apj^al to the department not to outrage the public sentiment of this city by carrying on the work in its present shape. But, whatever may be done by that body, we do not think the Railway Commissioners will tt'low the wo'k to go on, unless modified to the extent we have described above, not only because their reputation is at stake in thiB matter, but also because they are showing themselves anxious to meet the views W s of the public in a genial spirit. At the same time the public of Baliarat should speak ont strongly against what all observers' so stoutly denounce, for the rectifications of blunders are not always got without a: little;vigorous action and speaking. This gateway business at the Lvdiard street crossing is a great absurdity and wrong; and it should not, therefore, for want of local agitation, ran the least risk of being gone on with and completed. On the contrary, it should be stopped before more of the work is done, arid all sorts of difficulties and dangers are created, A very stormy discussion, lasting over an hour and a half, toot place at the meeting of the committee of the Orphan Asylum laBt evening, on a motion, brought up by Mr Fitzgerald Mr Fitzgerald eaid he had heard various rumors going about as to the internal management of the institution, snd_ he wanted to know why the house committee had not informed the general committee what it was all about. He moved—" That the whole of the reports of the investigation committee be laid before this board." Mr Chamberlain seconded the motion. Mr EiohardB moved—" That they go into committee," bat Mr Fitzgerald would not hear of such a thing, and remarked, on being interrupted by Mr Dyte, that since "Charlie" had got on the house committee it had become a happy family, and Mr Dybhimself, formerly obstreperous, bad become quint. M-ssrs Brophy and Hickman agreed with Mr Fitzgerald that the general committee should he made acquainted with everything. Mr M'Kee • said that the reports, were merely that two of the pfficers could not agrpe, and he considered it would have been ridiculous for the house committee to report to. the general committee that there were slivht ebullitions of feeling between the two officers. Mr Dyte made a long explanation, sod said that the difficulty between the two officers would be, he_ believed, amicably arranged The various speakers were frequently interrupted, and scenes occurred at short intervals, the president being almost nnable to keep order. He several times threatened to leave the chair. Mr Richards said he would not take part in the discussion, unless in committee, where everything cnuld be discussed above board. Mr Fitzgerald raised points of order very frequently, Mr Soott remarked that he wished everyone wonld heep to the rules of debate, and treat their fellow committeemen as gentlemen. Mr Fitzgerald exclaimed— "I don't think you Unow what conBtitntes a gentleman. I am not going to be bounced by you. I do not care what you are—though probably you are a great man in your own estimation." A scene eDsned, and quiet being restored, Mr Dyte said the children in the asylum were as well cared for as ever, as clean as ever, and the institution was better managed than ever, and he hoped sncb trifling matters would not be allowed to injure the institution. Subsiquei'tly another scene ensued between Messrs Dyte and Fitzgerald, and 'the 'president (Mr Ferguson) said be had never been treated in such a manner before, and regarding the disgraceful conduct on the part of those who professed to be gentlemen he held bis own opinion. Nothing that had been done was the. house committee afraid to be made public, and all the fuss had been made over a slight disagreement between the matron and superintendent, but that would, be settled amicably at once. The officers were new to their business, and the affair did not affect the management of the institution in the least. On the motion of Mr Brophy, the explanation <**s regarded as highly satisfactory Mr- M 'Kee wanted the -whole, matter gone Into, bat the.committee considered it too .trifling. The discussion, during which there had been about'- thirty pointB of order and a. dozen scenes, and during which several committeemen bad at least a dozen times, then closed, and the committee adjourned. . The first grand dram-head service by the 3rd Battalion of E fl°s. under the command of CoIonel Sleep,. will be.held in the Eastern Oval next Sunday afternoon, commenoing at three .o'clook. - The servioe will te conducted by the Ven. Archdeacon JuliuB, and a ppwerfnl choir, consisting of several hundred vbicfeB,.'un< ! er the guidance of MrT. J. Lamhle, will sing the anthems, and will b» accompanied by the regimental band. A collection will-be <nitde«t the end of the servioe, and will be handed over to the Charity Subday fund.' " Mr Howard Vincent yesterday paid a visit to Baliarat, and was shown round the city and town by Superintendent Eyail. Mr Vincent IB rather a distinguished visitor, and thanks to his scheme for the reorganisation of the . police-and: detective force of Great Britain, that body has been placed on a sounder footine than ever it was before, and the two branches now work well together. , Colonel Smith gave notioe inthe Assembly last night that this afternoon be will ask the hon. the Commissioner of Pnb'ic Works if he has approved of ap r fficer of his department preparing plans and inspecting works in con- »eotion with a gold mining onmpanyln the Creswick district; and also whether he considers it -in accordance with the civil service regulations. The correspondence per B.M.S. Mirza pore reached the Baliarat Post Offioe yesterday afternoon,. And waB at once delivered. \- Lieutenant-Colonel Eede has evidently not forgotten his connection with - the Baliarat Volunteers. The veteran wab on the battlefield at Brighton on Monday, and .passed the babdofche%d battalion 'Immediately after the march past. With a'beaming smile on •his couqteDance he gaily waved his hand to the inen,^ and exolaimecl—"Baliarat -boys,, I'm proud of you; yon're the best body on theground.Tm proud ofyou." The numbers of the candidates for the >p ,„„„1,„e -preaching -matriculation examination have not"!yet"5)?en ^posted, but It IB believed that :wheuithey»re made;op,-thfc Baliarat oandi; .^tes^yM Melbourne!"^^ number aetoeBoltholiceDBilig ooartafor ^ -j.^, lioeueea, have been arranged.'as iolsjo^.^o^eQ^ef i-Smythesaal^ Monday, isth. at^ a.m. -, Scarsdale, Monday, 15th, 3, 1884, a ^a in o. - a r o t ^ s ' a • . v s r s . r i i i f day, ISth at 2 30 p.m.; Baliarat, Friday,) S at 3 p at m.; i0a.m Beaufort, ; Buowyong. Saturday, F^day, 20th, at 19th.! 12 10 p p.m.; Learmouthj Monday, 22nd, at 11a.m.; f (lokewood, Tuesday, 2Srd. at 10 a.m.; Baliarat East Wednesday, 24ih, at 10 a.m.; o Bungaree, Wednesday, 24tn, at3p.m. 6 A young man named Walter Fisher appeared before Mtesrs Tnrpie and' Glesny, . g J.P., at the Town Court yeBterday, to answer, a charge of insulting behaviour. Superin-' tendent Eyall arrested tbe prisoner in Peel j Btreet on Monday evening, when he was i '.' larking" with others, the "sport" resulting in the smashing of a water pipe.f Tbe charge, of damaging the water-pipe was not pressed, - and Fisher was fined 20s for insulting behaviour, which be paid, ' At thh Ci:y Police Court yesterday John and Eliza Ryan Bued John Hawkins for assault, estimating their damages at £10. The case was a very trivial one, and a verdict \fas given for plaintiff for 1B, with 7s 6d coBtB. Messrs F. M. Claxton and V. Tree, J.P., attended at the City Police Coart yesterday. Peter Martin, charged with vagrancy, was remanded for a week for medical treatment. Two drunkardB were deait with, and Alfred Pratt was fined 10s, with 2s 6d coBts, for carrying in hiB cab more passengers than he was allowed by licence. Legal advice was a oouplo of weeks ago, it is said, Eonght by tbe two lepers, and they were informed that if the Baliarat East local board of health attempted to_ have thfm removed by force to the Point NVpean sanatorium they "would have substantial grounds for 'actions for hleavy damages, because leprosy was not a contagions disease. - ThiB, we" believe,-' is the reason that the lepers were not taken away from tbe district even after all the indignant remarks of the Town councillors at the idea of their remaining any longer in the Chinese camp. The lepers also threatened to drown themselves if they were removed, end the ridiculous rumor circulated laBt Saturday to the effect that one of them had drowned nimself in the reservoir is Buppoeed to have arisen out of this threat. Ah Fang and Ah Quong are at present leading a lasy life in the camp, and can affrrd to smoke opium at the expense of the Government, whioh is keeping them, Rather a strange case of child desertion was brought under the notice of the Baliarat East police yesterday evening, when a lady informed Senior-constable Reardon that she had found an infant in a house in King street, where it had been left by its parents. Its father and mother it appeared, had had a row. and both left tho houBe ehortly afterwards, though at different hoars. The child had not eaten anything for some. time, and tbe lady who fonnd it took it to refreshment rooms in Bridge street and bought it something to eat. Tne mother was discovered hy the police last night, and she promised that she would take better care of tier child in future, The trustees in the estate of the late George Munro were very successful at ths Clnnes Agricultural Show held last Monday. They obtained a larger number of prizes than any other exhibitor in maohinery. Their awards were four first prizes, for the best collection of machinery and implements, winnower, Btripper, and horseworks in motion. They also obtained second prize tor reaper and mower. Home mission services In oosnection with the Bible Christian Church, Waterholes, were held on Sanday and Monday. The services 1 were conducted by tbe Eev. G. Netherway, and were well attended. The annual tea meeting on Monday was a great success. Visitorsirom Baliarat, numbering ibout 100, with others from a distance, enjoyed the outing very much, Tbe tea tables—under the superintendence of the MiBBes ball, S. Jose, Lilburn, and Mesoames Treweek, Hall, and Culqnhoun— presented a very attractive appearance, and were repeatedly surrounded by appreciative gueBts. The public me' tiDg was addressed by the Revs. H. Y-P, W. J. Treloar, and Mr Chessell; the Eev. G N»therway being in the chair. Vutee of thanks to Mr Wallis, for the very excellent tea he had so generonBly provided ; to the ladiea, for waiting at the tables; to the choir, the speakers, and tbe chairman, brought a most successful meeting to a close. The proceeds were Beveral pounds in advanoe of those of last year. The secretary of the St. John's M.I.A. concert desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of a cheque for £1 la from Mr A. C. Carnegie. The adjourned monthly meeting of the members of the Smythesdale Volunteer Fire Brigade was held oa Monday evening last; Captain Lynch in the chair. The correspondence included offers from several bands to play at the- sports on Boxing Day, which were referred to the concert committee, with power to accept the most suitable. Three small accounts, amounting to £2 lis, were passed for payment. It was decided to allow the local rifle club to use the brigade-room for meetings. Some routine business in connection with the Bports, &o.;, was transacted, the members' roll was called, and the meeting adjourned. A meeting of the Linton Fire Brigade was held in the shire hali on Monday evening last; Mr E. Bali in the chair. The meeting was held for the purpose of hearing the report of the delegate to Clunes, fire engine, &o.; Mr Ball reported having been to dunes, and had seen the engine there; he had also witnessed a trial of it, and found it to work admirably, and it was in excellent condition. He suggested that, as it was the only second-, hand engine in the colony that could be got, the brigade should purchase it. The recommendation was adopted. It wae also reBolved that a meeting be held in the shire hall, Linton, on Thureday evening next, at eight o'clock, for the parpose of organising the brigade, enrol members, and elect officers, The Bible Christian. Church, Cardigan, was crowded on Sabbath morning last, the occasion being the preacbing of a funeral sermon on the late Mr John Jones. The pnlpit, which was draped in black, waB occupied by the Eev. G. Netherway, who spoke at .length on the many exoellent qualities of the deceased, and expressed the great loss whioh the church and Sanday 'school, as well as the dis'riot generally, had sustained in the death of Mr Jones, Daring a reBideuce of twenty-six years he' had manifested unabated .interest in the social and spiritual Welfare of the people, and bis IOSB now wonld be seriously felt and deeply deplored by all sections of the community. The sympathies and prayers of the congregation were asked for Mrs Jones in the great sorrow which had so unexpectedly come upon her. Those present seemed deeply affected throughout tbe service. Messrs Fisken, Gibson, and Co. advertise in another column a large sale of store eheep, to take place, at the junotion, Baliarat oommon, to-day,"at two o'clock, -••• The Baliarat Bospital collector, desires to acknowledge, with thanks, receipt from Mr Loader of £3 16s 6d, being half proceeds of concert held in Mr Sbaw'e barn, at Mount Blowhard, for the benefit of the Baliarat .Dis' triot Hospital. Mr Hockin ia aleo to be thanked for the generous supply of refreshments accorded to the ladies and gentlemen giving their services at the ooncert. In our report of the annual competition of the Baliarat and District M.LA. Union, we inadvertently omitted. the name of Mr Thorne, who in tbeir praotices-ably accom' panied all the singers, and also at the concerts succeeding the competition, . A meeting of tbe executive, committee of the BUruB 1 Memorial Statue Fund was held laBt. night • at the office of Mr Bickett, in Sturt Btreet. A large amount of .routine work was disposed of, and it was announced that the lecture to be delivered by the Kev. J. W. Ingb's in aid of tbe ohjeot, would be given abont the 28th instant. A special meeting is to be . held on Friday evening, to complete the arrangements, and to discos other matters affeoting fhe object,. A very successful tea meeting and organ recital were held, last night in conneotitn with St. Peter's Church, Sturt street, A large number .sat *lown to the tea, whioh was provided end presided -at .by .the following ladies:—Mesdames M*Glaohah, Summons, Adeney, EadcliSe, Rogers, Abrahams, Courtney, Bull, Jones, Schofield, and Mim Walker" At the organ reoital by DrTorranoe, in the church, there was also a lai$e and appreciative audience.. Dr 'Torrance's items were the organ'' solo , {symphony) "Hymn-of PrtiBe," overture to "Otho," selection from' "Athalie, 1 ' " Benediotus". from - ''Twelfth MaBB,'' and " With verdure olad." The - following ladles and gentlemen' also took part in the entertainment:—Mes- .—., f n rr.ll QohtiSeld Uren. Bason, | nd tfifc I Messrs W uJ B- l Hall, M Hardie, k 3. J. TTreOj UreiJ nd Allen. Several seleotions were nioeiy endered by the Aoir, Mr J. U«n acting s» ondwstor. A«olIeotioii iu aid of ths organ und^Was wo& "responded to. The'extfttBioB to QoeenBoliff o{ St. John's eoday S-hool, Suldiert' Hill, will take lace no Friday, the 21«t inetant, The ares will be—Children, up to sixteen years f age, 2s 61; scholars, from sixteen, to twentv-three, 4-; and adult® above that age, s. Where tickets oan be obtained will be athered from an advertisement which appears in another column. The prizes awarded by the Baliarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society at its last Bhow will bo paid at Craig's hotel next Saturday between thehouro of one and four a olock. Some particulars for prize winners to note will be found in our advertising columns this morning. The charitable nhture of the late Mr J. W. Gray waB referred to at the meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee last evening, and, on the motion of Mr Dyte, a vote of condolence was passed to his widow. The receipts on the Victorian railways for the week ending 6th November were £52,839 7s 7d. 'lhe amount receive^ in the corre' spondiog week of 18S3 w £47 20S 3s GJ. We have received £2 16s 7$.i from Zion Congregational Church, Sebastopol, per Mr W. L. WilliamB, collected on Charity Sunday Messrs J. Pasooe and Son, of Maryborough, have purchased the favorite steamer Wendonree, from Mr Gill, for removal to the Prince's P«k lake, Maryborough, The Ararat Mining Board met at Stawell, in the Town H»ll. yesterday, when the following business aff-oting the Eiglan division was transacted. The applications of Thomas Stevenson and CharleB Symes, for the BBIO of 20 acres of land each, in the parish of RaglaD.'were objected to, as the land will prpbably be required at some future time f6r mining operations. It was resolved to write to thf boD the Minister of Mines for a few copies of the new plans to be attached to tbe Land Bill now before the Legislative Council, for tbe information of members. A ^solution was carried that the Minister of Mines be written to, informing him that Mr Watkin was making application for tbe sale of certain land ad joining bis homestead, Main Lead; and that he communicate with the Lends Department, with the view of submitting all applications for the sale of land in the district to thiB board, to say whether such land is oon eidertd auriferous. It will be remembered that about a year since eome brainless idiot amused himself and terrified pissera by the Western Oval by playing the' ghost trick. Wrapped in a white sheet, he nightly alarmed young children and females who happened to pass tbe place, until his personality became too well known tomake his maequerading safe. It appears this ic'dividual, or some other equally senseless being, has of late been again, by his stupid antics, annoy u>g persons in the locality, and it is to be hoped in tbe interests of the publio, that aBtop will speedily be put to hiB capers. A man named Michael Csrmichael was arrested at Dean on Saturday last, on warrant, by Constable Stoddart, charged with having oommicted an assault on Mr John Darcy, farmer, of Clark's Hill. He was remanded to the. Buugaree Police Court on the 13ch instant. The man is a stranger in the district. The several Australasian colonies produoed last year (says the fferaldl 42,238,550 bushels of wheat, 15,306,076 hush' Is of oats, 2,530 035 bushels of bail.-y, 392 979 tons of potatoes, and 1,265,775 tons of hay. An amusing scene (says the World) was witnessed in a train proceeding to Albert Park on Monday morning. A number of gentlemen entered a saloon carriage, in which were several Hallelujah lasses and when the train had started on its journey, four of the heathens commenced a game of cards. After watching the proceedings for some time, the Bpirit moved the Salvationeeses, They immediately knelt down and offered up supplications and prayers for the BOUIB of the "Children of Sin" who were playing tbe "unrighteous game." The "Children of Sin" merely winked at each other, and continued their amusement in spite of the earnest appeals of the fair damsels. Referring to the.sbam fight near Brighton on Monday, the Argus says:—'-Tbe firing from the trenches was heavy and incesssnt, the volley firing of the Baliarat men being especially good. The jets of smoke burst from the long row of levelled rifles with a single report. The Baliarat men were warmly cheered by the onlookers, in recognition of their good all-round work. With tbe reorganisation of the force, it was intended that tbe 3rd Battalion, like tbe other metropolitan riflemen, should wear tbe customary bright red uniforms, but jpend:*ig the isBue of regulations on this point, the Baliarat men were clothed with the old familiar dark unucrmB, and it !B more than probable that the dre»a will be officially recognised." According to the P.O. News, tho mayor of Stawell reoeived the following telegram from the mayor of the city of Baliarat the other day:—"Please instruot your members to vote against Kerang and Swan Hill line, or it may be carried on Tuesday, and all Wentern district left out for good." The following telegram from MurchiBon appeared in last night's World:—"Daring the past week the weather has been very warm, and farmers are crying out for rain. The majority have turned .their oattle into the crops, entirely disheartened by the continued absence of moisture. The water trains have already commenced to run, and owing to laok of feed small owners are disposing of their stock. Not one crop in ten will be worth the cutting, unless some change in the weather oocurs immediately. Complaints are universal, and the effects of the continued drought will be seriouB In well-informed politioal circles (says the Talbot'Leader) it is understood that during the recess which will follow the present session of Parliament—and it is believed that another long holiday is looming in the near future—tbe Minisfa^ will be slightly altered. Mr Kerferd, the Attorney-General, it is said, is to have the long-Bighed-for Supreme Court judgeship, but the most knowing ones out- Bide the Cabinet are at "present at a IOBS to name hiB successor in tbe Government. The protest against Enfas being declared the winner of tbe V.R.C. Derby Stakes proves (says the Argus) to be not suoh a serious matter as waB at first imagined. The protest is made by Mr G._ Davis, the owner of David, who ran second in the race, and is on the ground that Rufns was wrongly nominated, bis breeding beiog given as by King of the Eing from Princess Alice, and as his dam waB once known by another name, it is contended by Mr Davis that this name should have been also given in the colt's pedigree. A similar protest was made against The Plunger being declared the winner of the Free "Handicap at the V E C. Spring Meeting last year. The ground of the protest was that both names of 'he dam of the winner were not' given. On that oboasiohthe stewardB"'diBmiBEed"tho -protest; Even should tbe protest be snstained, the betting on the race will not be dieturbed. A cod weighing 110 lb (says the Age) was caught in the Mitta Mi&ta; last Saturday. The death (says the Telegraph) is announced, at Adelaide, of Mr Gale, the wellknown aeronaut, who, arriving in the colony fourteen years ago, haB conducted a series of experiments in ballooning, generally with success. A new fodder plant, suitable to the nutrimsnt of stock; is reported (says the Age) to have been discovered in the neighborhood of the Victoria River, Northern Territory,.by Mr N. Buchanan, one of . Queensland's pioneer pastoralists, who has been inspecting that part of the country with a view to pastoral settlement. The plant iB a species of melon, which grows luxuriantly pn the table-lauds imd on the rioh black soil of the dowiiB, and u indigenous to that part of Australia. The fruit is oval-shaped, between 2 and 3 inohes in length, and when ripe is nearly full of water, "thus affording food and drink to stock, which devour the fruit greedily, and thrive on it for months without seeking wat^r. . & correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald .confirms the statements of;.Mr Baohanau relative to the nutritious qualities of the plant, and advocates its introduction into T«ew South Wales to mitigate the evil effeots of drought. : The-rapidity of news circulation now-adays by evening journals in Great Britain may be judged from the following, whioh appears in the Wolverhampton ita:-" The result of the rso for the St. Leger reaehed the M p Ae^s office yestorday about half-past three -o'clock, »ud within the short otcWklttton. This, we believe, lfl in point of' Sffefeft unrivalled in the annals of rapid pab- Udation of sews, not only BO far as Woleerhampton iB concerned bnt among newspapers generally throughout the country. Tha accomplishment of so noteworthy a feat is due to an invention of our machinist, Mr W. Curthoys, who has perfected what ia regarded on all hands as tbe best method yet discovered for inserting the resultB of important races or other contests into stereotype while tho plates are in position upon tbe printing machine. The invention baa been patented, and is, we Bhould imagine, likely to beoomb extensively used by evening papers in other towns." The Mr Curthoj s referred to above is we understand, brother of Mr Joseph Curthoys, of our city. Last week (says the A rardl Advertiser) a man who, fifteen years ago, «as au inmate of the Ararat Hospital, and was treated for acute rheumatism and rheumatic fever by Dr Cobb, called at the hospital and handed £3 to Mr Hewson, the house steward. On leaving the institution after bis illneBS he promised the Btoward that if ever he could get a few ponndB together he would not forget the funds of the charity, and, after a lapse of fifteen years, he has redeemed t.ia promise, I..O.I. Ennlsklllen, No. 71, will meet iu All Saints' schoolroom this evening, at t-lp'it. to deal with important business and to iu-tsll t fflcers. tmr advertising columns an- ounce thit Dr Pinnock, having returned from his holidays, can he consult-d as usual at 158 iscurt sti cs>. A Wealeyan foreign missions y meeting win be held in tbe B* kly > treat church tliis f-vening. whoa addresses will be delivered by tho Rev*. £. Youngman and J. White and ,"r L> icb r. An important meeting of th- Lny»l Baliarat L"dGe, M U.I O.O.F., is rumm.ned for this erenioe There will be a rehearsal by tbe Musical Union this evening An I.O.G.T. lodge will be <pened at the Diiciples of Christ Chapel, Moui.t Clear, this evening. 