JUDITH SKAKSPEARE:" ' HSn tOHE AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES- -v.' By I'WHjLIAM/BLAGIC, C.t .. . . Author of "Macleod, op- Dare," " Shandoh Bells," "In Silk Attiiie," &c.;, &c.; Chapter '..Xill.—Ai- Herald - Mercury.— I , -(continubd), , ... , They talked for some time thereafter about that and other mattofs; arid abou t his own eon dition.and occupations -at! the farm ; and thon ho rose, and there was a smilo on his face, , " You know, fair Mistress Judith, " said he, "tnas awise man is careful not' to "oritstay his welcome, lest it bo.'not- offerod to liim again ; and your good grandmother has afforded Sao so pleasant an hour's gossip 'ami good company tliat I would fain look forward to 'soni'o other chance of tho samo.in the future.!'-.! - # "Miist you go, good sir 2" said' Judith, also rising. " I trust we liavo not 'ovoftnxed' your patience.' , We; country , folk--. aro hungry listeners." 1 " To liavo been awarded 'sp 'm'ich of your time, sweet'Mistress Judith," said1 lie, bowing very low, "is an' honor- 1 am not- likely ,to forget." And then lie addressed' the old dame? Who" had missed Bomethiug of this,"' ; " Give ye good t/anks for j'.or.r kindness, . good Mistress Hathaway, " said lie, "." Good fortuuo' attend yb, sir,'-' said tlie old dame, contentedly, and without ceasing from her knitting. ,. . "Judithr was 'sfanding there .--with lier eyes oast1 doivri. i, . " Sweet lady, by your leave, "said lie, and be took her hand arid raised it'an'd juit touched her fuigeri-with' his' lips. "'Th'erii- ho'lbowed' low again, and, withdrew,. „ .-» . "Earayou;. well, good sir," -.Judith .'said, at tlie same moment,- but 'without" aiiy word as to a future meeting. 'Then sho returried'irito tho littlo arbor and sat? down. .. ,,, ... " Is't not liko a meteor, grandmother, shoot- ing across tlie sky 2" said she, merrily. " Bo- shrew me, but tlie' 'day.lios grown dark since he loft ! Did'st over hear of such a gollvmaw- froy of dolphins nnd ,t whales,,' and princes's Barges,' arid the roaring of /cannon, and firo- worlcs? 1 Sure 'tis woll' wo' live in -tho -country quiet; cur cars ivoitld bc. rivcn ,in twain else. And. , you, ' grandiiiothei ' thjit .was over preaching- -aboc.t1- prudent" behavior, to ' bo - harboring one that may be an outlaw.— a recusant— perchaooo lio.hii,tli drawn his sword in tho King's esonco-r;'' , .,.. , - '' " AVhat1 lcnoiv ybu'of'tho yoiing 'geritleman, Judith tlie bid dame said; sh'arply.ovl' r v . , ",,Msrry,.nat a jot bgyond wha liejmth 4oubt- less told to yoni'sqif,. good grandmother. Brit" seo ybri ariyUin'rin in liftri ?. "liavo ""you suspieion of him ?', Wonl'd-ybu have me think rras" Frjidcnoo;w,aiuId fain believe -that. there is witehcrart about tiiiri'?'''' ' " ' . ' ;!-.!( Truly I' seo ho'dianri in thb-yonrig'gentle- man," the. old grandmother .was constrained t>. say. " And he bo fair spoken, arid 'iriodesl \vithal.>"'1But look' you to' tliis/Vvouch I 'alioulcl you chariea tb mcot himlrigBiri Lwhiloihri bidotb here' in this noighbqrhobdrl trow ,'twero bet' tor you did riotliiTiufc ' eHSxi icl" itli rifc' ' Bee you.-. keep !o Still. tongub. in your' head about chnrcli and Kiiig unil BarlianieiiLa Let others meddle who choose"; 'tis none of yoiir affairs ; do"f; you hear nic, ' cliiUl ? 1 /Thcso bo' parlous times,,as,tha .talk .is,;, they. do. well -that keep the byways, arid let, my lord's coaches go whither they list." r - - " ' '! Grandmother,'!! 'said Jiidith, gravely, "I know.llicre bo many things in which I cannot please' you, liut this sin' that you woiilci lay to iriy 'charge —hoy, dbar j+ra'tidam, when have you caught mo- talking about church and -King and ..Parliament 2 Truly I wish them well; but I am coutqut if they go their own way." The old "daine 'glanood at her, to see what this doniure-torie of speech meant. "'Thou 2" she said, in a sort of gnimble. "Tiiy brain be fillod with other gear, I reckon. 'TIs a bit of ribbon that hath hold of thee ; ot tho report as to which of the lads shot bust at tho match ; or perchance 'tis tho purchase of spirio ponny ballads, that you may put the pictures on yoiir chamber wall, as if you were a form wench just' eome in from tho milking pail." " Heaven liavo pity on mo, good grand mother," .Baid alio, with much penitence, and she looked down at her costuino, " but I can .find no way of pleasing you. Yon scold ino for being but a farm wench ; nnd truly this petticoat, though it be pretty enough, inethinks might have becu made of a costlier stuff, and my cap, good grandmother, look at my cap — " Slio took it off, and smoothed the grey velvet of it, aud arranged the beads and the feather. " — is tlie cap also too much of tho fashion of n farm, wencii ; or have I gone amiss tho other way, and become too like a city dame? Would that I knew how to please you, gran- dam 1" "Go thy ways, child, get thee home !" the old woman eaid, bat only half angrily. "Thy foolish head hath been turned by hearing those Court gambols. Get you to your needle ; be year mother'b nspery all bo well mended that you can spend the whole day in Idleness 1" " Nay, but you are in the right there, good grandmother," said Judith, drawing closer to her, and taking her thin and wrinkled hand in ber own warm, white soft ones, "Bnt not to the needle — not to the needle, good grnndam : -I hare other eggs on the spit. Did not I tell you of the Portugal re ceipts that Prudence got for me— in good Booth I did; well, tl.e dishes weio ' made, and next day at dinner my father was right well pleased. 'Tis little hoed he pays to 'such matters ; and we scarce tbonght of ask ing him how he liked the fare ; when all at once he said: ' Good mother, you must give my thanks to Jane cook ; 'twill cheer her in her work; nay, I owe them.' Then says my mother : 'But these two dishes were not pre- pared by tho cook, good lrasband; 'twas one of the maids.' "One of tho maids 1 he says. 'Well, which one of the maids? — truly, 'tis something rare to be found in a country house.' And then there was a laughing amongst all of them ; and ho fixes his eyo on me. 1 What !' he says 'that saucy wench? Is she striving to win her a hnsband at last ?' And so you see, food grandmother, I must waste no moro time ore ; for Prudence hath one or two moro of these reoeipts ; and I mnst try them to see whether my father approves or not." And so sho kissed the old dame, and bade her farewell, refusing at tho same time to have tho eacort of the "mall maid across the meadows to tho tone. All the temporary annoyance of the morning wffl now over and forgotten ; she was wholly pleased to have had this interview ; and to hove heard minutely of all tho great doings in London. Sho walked qnickly ; a careless gladness shone in her face ; and she was lightly to herself — as she went along the well- beaten p&th; through the fields— Slch no more, ladles, sigh no more, Men were deceivers ever. _____ "fiat it was not in the nature of any complaint against the inconstancy of man that this rhyme had come into her head. Quite other thoughts came as well, At one moment sho was saying to herself : " Why, now, havo I no spaniel gentle with me to keep mo company ?" And then the next minute she was saying, frith a sort of laugh : " God help me, I fear I am none of the Bpanicl gentle kind 1" But there was no deep smiting of conscience even when she confessed so much. Her face was radiant and content; she looked at the cattle —or the trees, or the children, as it chanced— as if she knew them all, and knew tint they were friendly towards her ; and Jfeen again the idle air would come into her Praia — j Then sigh not so, but let them go, And ho you blithe and bonny ; Converting si) your soauds ol woo Into bey, ffOnny, nouny i CHAPTEn XIV. — A Tirewojiax. It was' not until after supper that evening that Jodith was freo to seek out her com panion, who had fled from her in tho morning ; and when she did steal forth — carrying a small bosket in her hand — she approached the house With much more caution than was habitual tWth ber. She glanced in at the lower win dows, but could Bee nothing. Then, Instead of trying whether the latch was left loose, she formally knocked at the door. It was opened by a little rosy cheeked girl of eleven or twelve, who instantly bobbed n respectfhl curtsey. "Is Mistress Prudence within, little Mar- gay V she Baid. " Yes, if it pleaso yon," said the little wench, and she stood aside to let Judith pass. But Judith did not enter; she seemed listening. " Where Is she 5" . " In her own chamber, if it please you." "Alone, then ?" "Yes, if it please you. Mistress Judith." \\- Judith patted the little maid in requital of ber courtesy, and thon stole noisolossly up- fifelrs. The door was opon. Prudence was Standing before a small table ironing a pair of Snow-white cuffs ; the while Bhe was repeating ft herself tho verses of a psalm. Her voice, low as it was, could be heard distinctly : Open tbou my Hps, O Lord, and my mouth shall ahew forth thy praise. For thou dcslrest no sacrifico, thouch I would giro it: thou dehghtest not in burnt-offering. The sacrifices ot God arc a contrite spirit ; a contrite and a broken heart, O God, thon wilt not despise. Bo favorable unto Zion for thy good plcastiro : build the watlK of Jerusalem. Then slialt thou accept the sacrifices of righteous- . noss, even the burnt offering and oblation ; thou shall they offer calves upon thine altar. She happened to turn her head ; and then she uttered a slight cry of surprise, and came qpiokly' to Jndith, and caught iter by tho hand. "What said he?" she exclaimed, almost breathlessly. " You saw him ? 'Twos tho same Was it not? How came he there ? Judith, tell me." "You timid mouse that ran away !" tho other said, with a complacent smile. " Why, . what should he Bay » But prithee go on with the cuffs, else the iron will be cold. And are yon alone in the house, Prudence ? There is no one below ?" " None but the maids, I trow; or Julius, jjorchance, if he be come in from the malt , . fawusc." "Quick, then, with the cufifs," Judith said, "and get them finished. Nay, I will tell thee all about tho young gentleman thereafter. Get then finished with the cuifo, and pat them on " "Bnt I meant' them not for this evening, Judith," said she, with her eyes turned away. _ "'Tis thia evening, and now, you must wear them," her friend said, peremptorily. "And mora than these. See, I have bronght yon. some things, dear mouse, that yon must wear for my Bake— nay, nay, I will take no denial— yon must and shall — and with haste, too, mngt you put them on, lest anyone should come add find tho mistress of the house out of \- call. la not this pretty, good Prudence ?" She had opened the basket and taken there from a plaited ruff that the briefest feminine ... gianoo allowed to be of thofineBt cobweb lawn, : tinged a faint saffron hue, and tied with silken Strings. Prudonce, who now divined the object of her visit, was overwhelmed with confusion. Tho fair and pensivo face became rose- red with embarrassment ; and she did not even know how to protest, " And this," said Judith, in the most matter- of-fact way, taking something elseontof the; basket, " will also become you well — nay, not so, good mouse, you shall be as prim and Puritanical as yon please to-morrow ; to-night yon shall he a little braver ; and is it not handsome,. too? — 'twas a gift to my mother— and she knows that I havo it— though I have never worn it." This socond article that she held out and stroked with her fingers was a girdle of buff- colored leather, embroidered with flowers in silk of different colors, and having a margin of filigree silver work both above and below,, and a broad silver clasp. " Como, then, let's try " "Nny, Jndith," the other said, retreating a step, " I cannot — indeed, I cannot——" " Indeed, yon must, silly child !" J uditli said, and she caught hold of her angrily. " I say you shall, What know you of such things ? Must I teach yon manners ?" And when Judith was in this authoritative mood, Prudence had but little power to with stand ber. Her face was still burning with embarrassment ; bat Bhe succumbed in silence ; while Judith whipped off the plain linen collar that her friend wore, and sot on in its stead this small but handsome ruff. She arranged it carefully ; and smoothed Prudence's soft fair hair ; and gave a finishing touch to the three- cornered cap ; then she Btepped back a pace or two to contemplate her handiwork, " Tkero !" sue exclaimed (pretending to seo nothing of Prudence's blushoB). " Aprincess ! On my life, a princess 1 And now for tho girdle — but ou must cast aside that house wife's pouch, sweethoart, and I will lend thee this littio pomander of mino ; in truth 'twill suit it well " "No, no, dear Judith !" the other said, almost piteously, "indeed I cannot prank me out in these borrowod plumes. If you will have it so, I will wear the ruff, but not the girdle — not the girdle, dear cousin — that all would see was none of mine " " What's that T' Jndith exclaimed suddenly, for there was a noiso below, "'Tis Julius como in from the bam," Pru dence said, "Mercy on us," the other cried, with a laugh, "I thought 'twas tho spaniel-gentle como already. So you will not wear tho gidle? Well, tho rnff becomes you right fairly : and — those roses in your cheeks, good Prue — why, what is tho matter? Is there aught wondorful in one of Julius's friends coming to see him in tho evening? And as the mistress of the house you must receive him well and courteously ; and be not so demure of speech, and distant of manner, dearest heart, for youth must havo a little merriment, and wo cannot always he at our prayers." "I know not what you mean, Judith, unless it he something that is far away from any thought or wish of mine." There was a touch oi sincerity in this speech that instantly recalled Judith from her half-jibing ways. The truth was that while she herself was free enough in confiding to thia chosen gossip of hers all about such lovers or would-fco lovers as happened to present them selves, Prndence had never volunteered any similar confidence in return ; and the yery fact that there m'ght be reasons for this reticence was enough to keep Judith from seeking to lemovo the veil. Julith herself was accustomed to make merry over the whole matter of Bwc.thcarts and rhymed messages and little tender gifts ; but Prudence was sensitive ; and Judith was careful not to wound her by indiscreet questioning. And at thia moment, when Prudence was standing there confused and abashed, some compunc- tio i seized the heart of her friend. She took her hand. " In gcol tooth, I meant not to tease you, sweetheart," said ahe, in a kindly way ; " and if I advise you in aught 'tis but that you Bhould m dee your brother's house a pleasant resort for them that would be friendly with him and visit him. What harm can there be in rrooiving BUch with a cheerful welcome — and having a pretty house mistress and ail things neat and conformable ? Dear moose, you so often lecture me that I must have my turn ; and I do not find fault or cause of quarrel; 'tis bat a wish that you would bo lesB severe in your ways and let your kind heart apeak more freely. Men, that have the burden of the world's fight to boar, love to meet women-folk that havo a merry and cheerful countenance — 'twero a marvel else ; and of an evening, when there is idleness, and Borne solace after tho labors of the day, why should one be glam, and thinking ever of that next world that is coming soon enough of its own accord ? Look you, how well the ruff becomes you ; and what ein is in it ? Tho girdle too — think you my mother would have worn it had there. been aught of evil in a simple piece of leather and embroidery ?"' " 'Tis many a day since sho put it aside, as I well remember," Prudence said — hut with a smile ; for she was easily won over. " Truly," said Judith, with a touch of scorn, "tho good preachers are pleased to meddle with small matters when tlioy would tell a woman what sho should wear, and order a maiden to give np a finger ring or a bit of lace, on peril of her losing iter soul. These be marvellous small deer to he so hunted nnd Btormcd about with hell, hook and caudle. But now, good Prudence, for this one evening I would have you please your visitor and enter- tain him ; and tho spanlel-gentlo— that, indeed, you must take from him " " I cannot, dear Judith ; 'twas meant for you I" Prudence exclaimed. " You cannot go hack from your promise, goodcou3in," Judith said, coolly, and with some slight inattention to facts. " "i'would be unmannerly of you to refuso the gift, or to refuse ample thanks for it cither. And see you have plenty on the board ; for men like good fare along with good company ; and let there be no stint of wine or alo as they may choose, for your brother's house, Prudence, must not he niggard, were it only for appear ance sake." " But you will stay, dear Judith, will yon not ?" the other said, anxiously. " In truth you can entertain them all, wherever you go ; and always there ia such heart In the com pany " "Nav, I cannot, sweet mouse, "Judith said, lightly. " There is much for me to do now in the evenings, sinco Susan has gone back to her own home. And now I must go, lest vonr visitor atrivo and find you uupreparcd ; marry, you muat wear tho cuffs as they are, sinco I have hindorod you in the ironing." " But you cannot go, Judith, till you have told me what happened to-day at the cottago," the other pleaded. " What happened ? Why, nothing !" Jndith said, brightly, " Only that my grandmother is of a mind with myself that a fairer spoken youug gentleman seldom comes into these parts, and that, when he docs, he should he made welcome. Bless thy heart, hodst thou but como in and seen how attentive the good dame was to him ; and she would press him to have some claret wine ; hut he said no — per chance he gnessed thatgood-grandam had but BmaUstoroof that. Nay, but you should hare come in, sweet mouso — then would you have beou conscience smhten about all your dark surmisings, A murderer forsooth ! — a ghost ! — a phantom ! — why, eo civil was his manner that he but asked for a cup of water in passing and my grandmother must neods have him como in out of tho sun, and rest bun, and have some milk. Was that like a ghost ? I warrant you there was naught of the ghost about him when sho pnt a solid repast before him on the table ; ghosts make no such Btout attacks ou gooseberry tart and cheese, else they be sore belied." "But who and what is this man, Judith?" " Why, who can tell what any man is ?" said the other. " They all of them are puzzles, and unlike other human creatures. But this one — well, he hath n rare store of knowledge as to what Is going forward at the Court — and among the players, too ; and as we sate in the little bower there yon would havo sworn you could see before you the river Thames with a wondorful pageant on it — dolphins and whales, and crowned sea qtieonB and the like ; nnd in the midst of them all the yonng Prince Henry : 'Long live the yonng Princo Henry !' they cried ; and there was such a noiso of drams and cannons nnd trumpets thnt yon conld scarce hear my grande-other's bees among the flowers, I warrant yon the good damowas well repaid for her entertainment, and right well pleased with the yonug gentle man : I should not marvel to find bim return ing thither seeing that he can remain there in secrecy, and have such gossip as pleases him." "But, Judith, yon know not what yon do!" lier friend protestod, anxiously. "Do you forget — nay, yon cannot forget — that this was the very man the wizard prophesied that you should meet ; and more than that, that lie would be your husband !" "My husband?" said Judith, with a flush of color, and she laughed uneasily. " Nay, not so, good Prudence. He is not one that is likely to choose a country wench. Nay, nay, the juggler knave failed me— that ie tho truth of it ; the charm was a thing or naught ; and this yonng gentleman, if I met him by acci dent, the same might have happened to you, as I showed you before. Marry, I Bhould not much crave to see him again, if anything like that were in the wind ; this is Stratford town, 'tis not the forest of Ardcn ; and in this neighbor hood a maiden may not go forth to seek her lover and coax him into the wooing of her. My father may put that into a play ; hut me- thinks if he heard of his own daughter doing the like, the key would quickly be turned on her. Nay, nay, good Prue, yon shall not fright me out of doiug a civil kindness to a stranger, and one that is in misfortuue, by flaunting his lovership before my eyes. There be no such thing: do not I know tho tokens? By my life, this gentleman is too courteous to have a lover's miud within him !" " And you will go and sso him again, Judith ?" her friend aslcpd, quickly, "Nay, I said not that," Judith answered, complacently. " "l'is not the forest of Arden — would to Heaven it were, for life wou'.d move to a plensanter music ! I said not that I would go forth and seek him ; that were not maidenly ; and belike there would come a coil of talking among the gossips or eoon or late ; but at this time of the year, do you see, sweet cousin, the country is fair to look upon ; and tlic air the sweeter in the meadows than it is here in thotown ; and if a lone damsel, forsaken by all else, should be straying silent and forlorn along Bio pathway or by the riverside, and should encounter one that hath hut lately made her acquaintance, why should not that acquaintance be permitted in all modesty and courtesy to ripen into friendship ? The harm, good Prue j the harm of it ? Tush, your head is filled with childish fears of the wizard; that is the truth ; and had you hut como into the house to-duy, and had hut five minutes' speech of the young gentleman, you would have been as ready as auyoue to help in the beguilemcnt of the tedium of his hiding, if that be possible to two or three silly women. And bethink you, was't not a happy chance that I wore my new velvet cap this morning ?" But she had been speaking too eagerly. This was a Blip ; and instantly Bhe added — with some touch of confusion — " I mean that I would fain have my father's friend in London know that his family are not bo far out of the world or out of tho fashion." " Is he one of your father's friends, Judith ?" Prudence said, gravely. "He's a friend of my father's friends, at least," said ahe, "and some day I doubt not he will himself be one of these. Truly that will be a rare sight, some evening at Now Place, when we confront you with him, nnd tell him how he waB charged with being a ghost, or a pirate, or an assassin, or somethin" of the like." a "Your fancy runs free, Judith," her friend said. "Is'taprobahio thing, thinkyou, thatono that dares not come fortl: into the day, that is hiding from justice, or perclianco scheming in Catholic plots, should bccorao tho frieud of your house ?" " Yousawhim notatmygraudmother'sboard, good Prue," said Judith, coolly. " The young gentleman hath the trick of making himself at home wherever he cometh, I warrant you. And when this cloud blows away, and he is free to como to Stratford, there is none will welcome him moro heartily than I ; for mc- thinks ho holdeth Master Benjamin .Tonson in too high consideration ; and I would havo him Bee what is thought of my father in the town, and what his estate is, and tliat his family, though thoy live not in Londun,aro not wholly of Moll tho milk maid kind. And I would have Susan come over, tro ; and were she to forgot her preachers nnd her psalmB for but an evening, and were there any merriment going forward, tho yonng gentleman would havo to keep his wits dear, I'll be bound. There is the house, too, I would havo him see ; and tho sllvor topped tankard with the writing on it from my father's good friends ; nay, I war rant me Johns would not think of denying me the loan of the King's lottor to my father — were It but for an hour or two " But here thoy were startled into silence by or knooking below ; then there was tho sound of a man's voleo in the narrow passage. "Tis he, sweetheart," Judith said, quickly, and she kissed her friend, and gave a final . touch to the ruff and the cap, " Get you down and welcome him ; I will go out when tliat you have shut the door of the room. And he merry, good heart, be merry — be bravo and merry, as you love me I" She almost thrust her out of the apartment, and listened to hear her deseend the stairs ; then she waited for the shutting of the cham ber door ; and finally sho stole noiselossly down into the passage and let herself ont, without waiting for tho littio maid Margery. 