'INTRIGUE.' By Brigadier General Heniy ' Ronald _McIver. OHAHTER VI. ' A. worthless woman, moro cold clay, As all fnlso things aro ! but so fair, : She takeB tho broath of men away ... ? Who gaze upon hor unawaro.' Silvio Eomano, the great.tenor, had made his -last-bow to an admiring audience, and was v about to leave the- theatre, when one of the attendants approaohed and said hesitatingly, . . as if expeoting a rebuke, ' A lady wishes to \- see you, Signor, who states her business is | ' urgent— indeed she would not be denied, and in ftWftiftnrr xinn t.hovA ' ? .nAinfinn tn IVio i of an unoccupied dressing-room; He might | ;??? have 'lidded his scruples had been overoome ! by an astonishingly handsome douceur, a i . sufficiently heavy bribe to induce him - to I . brave the fury of. the hot-blooded Italian's' ?. anger. His relief was greatijwhen; Romano answered quietly : I ?'It ,ia well, the lady is expeoted;' and passed quiokly into tho small apartment, closing the door carefully behind him. There, crouching in the darkest corner was a muffled figure, who on Seeing Romano enter, sprang hastily to her feet,' and as the oumbersome ... .-^loak fell from her, discovered the lovely form * f Gidia Disney, still olad in the white sheeny -robes and glittering with diamonds. Silvio stood by the door, a dark dangerous 'look on his handsome- face/ but his bold \- black 'eyes, nevertheless drinking in eagerly ; every' detail: of her soft loveliness, her \- rioh- attire, -her coBtly: geme. With a: ? ? low .glad _ory -of welcome Gidia glided' ' towards him, and though he pat up his' 'hand- angrily 'as if to keep her- 'off, she - came oloser; and - winding her bare1 white - arms 'about ' his nook tried to reach ihifl lipB withher moist red'ones. The man would -have been: more than [mortal to- have: ? resisted her, and Silvio Bomano was bat clay, and clay of a very coarse type, in spite of his perfeot .'faoe, and figure like- a Greek, god's. . Thn« thn fipru Tfalitin Vilnr-1,1 nnriraod /m-tnVinlTT , through'his -veins beneath the oaresses of this, 'beautiful woman, and as she melted into bis -? : arms with a happy sigh', he' abandoned him-: . -self to the deh'ght of the moment, and pressed \- hot-passionate kisses on her lips, hereyes/her ?' neck. Gidia was the first. to recover, and gently withdrawing herself. from his arms, puBhedfhim into a low ohair, and Beating her'v , 'B_elf on - his - knee;- allowed her ?? golden-head to lie confidingly on Bomano's breast. j ' Ah, mio £en,' she whispered, stroking his ? -- cheek- with her forefinger, ' if you only: knew how your poor little Gidia has longed for thisi ; hiffanln aWa kaa ^.having left; you, and how; -she .has .suffered; you would never have the heart to utter one cruel word. But what could I do, Silvio,' she \- went on entreatingly ; the life was so h^rd, it ' .wo.old have killed, me, and Iwastoo young then to realise how muoh I loved you, though : I know -it now to ? my oost '—her lips again ? met.his— In: a hasty, foolish moment I ran away to my rioh English relations,- of whom yon never even dreamt, you poor darling,— and myaunt, Miss'Dering, adopted me.' - ' So,' said the Italian, ? toying with the sparkling gems on her. bosom, .'you have done well for yourself, ? little : one ' — and he threw a significant glance at her dia monds — '{I also have been fairly successful but I mu?t confess my years ot toil - and . v anxiety haye failed to bring me as much wealth us, you now display -on your lair person. Qh, Gidia 1 ' He went on drawing her closer to him, bis rare thrilling voioe fuu ? of tenderness. 'Whv Hid.^nn . tnrulM W when sucoess was' at last to fall to my lot? I knew it must . borne, and you, with* your ...,. splendid voice and lovely features, you and I \- ; together, what aould we not have accom plisbed? Ton have been very cruel, very . ' treacherous, but I believe Gidia mia you have still's few grains of affection for me, and I love'you'so devotedly; I cannot help for-' giving you as I look into your pretty face. . But tell me,':' he . said gaily, ' who ' has my ittle poverty-Btrioken Gidia been transformed into? Of course, I must be introduced to \- -.V: he fairy, godmother or aunt, or whatever Jhe * .beneficent creature s:who has v adopted' you ''may be, for, m'y darling, you shall not _ readily give me the slip again, now you are '.? onoe more restored to my arms.' ' Gidia shivered and turned very pale. - ... ? ' Oh, Silvio 1 ' she .gasped, thinking fear ifully,'hewillkillmewhen -he knows all ; : .ia it posniblo you do not guess; what I- have „ done— who I am ? ; My darling, bold me closer uryour arms, or I dare not tell you. The man who was with' me this evening, i . - who Carried me from - our box, was Six Balph Disney, and I— Oh, Silvio, Silvio 1— I married him 1 .With a frightful oath the Italian flung her to, the ground, his eyes,' gleaming with rage, seeking a weapon wherewith to strike her; but Gidia, flinging herself at his w eet, and. frantically throwing bet arms round 1 s knees, oried — ??!??/ '' You wiU not kill me, Silvio. .1 am not fit to die' — her bore bosom -panti-ig with- fear and excitement.^ 'Let me live ? little while lonffGr.-if onlv tn Bnin» mv n«w fnnnd hftti*. iness,' Bhe entreated, i ' , - . - Bomano seieed her delicate wrist* violently. s;v :???: Ton- are trying to foolme again,', he hissea; ?? yon,' my wife, dare to tell me ol your mar-: ' iage with -another man, ;and hope- to live. AJl-. tyoitwss I ? yon -love him, or ? you would 'ever — '* ^ ' No ; before Heaven,' interrupted Gidia, earnestly ; :' believe tne, Silvio. l liAve never ' ? loved anyone but you— no other man has had. power to raise a tingle warm feeling in my 'A''; '? ' -? heart ; and this oold.blooded Englishman the world calls , my husband,- who was once my aunt's lover, hia very; kisses freeze on .my. lips. I liate. him,' and would strangle him as he lies beside me, if I dare.' ..Then seeing her words were beginning to tell on Bomano she threw herself into his arms, and between her passionate ; kisses ' whispered implor ingly— 'Ton could not hurt your little wife, your Gidia, for whatever. I am to the world-I am indeed yours— yours body and soul, and your interests, your, aims, shall- be mine, my.hus band, my love.' Then she ventured to look up into the dark stormy faae of her lover, and its expression was wonderfully-reasBuring. When the quicksnbtlo.brain of the Italian, after his first burst of .jealous rage .was over,. : bad grasped, the. situation, it appeared to him not.jso- very displeasing. The handsome 'tonor, the idol of the moment, had no wish to be hampered with a wife, even such a pretty oho as Gidia, and yet here was a most convenient arrangement ready for' himi to drop into. .Here was a wife whom, it he chose, he could claim openly at any moment, or ikeep seqKtly, Entirely at his commands, and' in 'his power. ?' ' ' ? ..That Gidia was' Sir. Balph Disney's sup posed wife gave him a hold over the wealthy baronet's parse- strings, no small iconsider ation to Romano, 'who in Bpite of his princely salary, was one of the most impeouniouB of men. AU' this flashed rapidly across his brain, therefore when Gidia anxiously lifted her head from his breast, Bhe found all : re sentment had faded frdm^the face of her hus band, giving place to a tender resignation. ? . ' No, my own,' he said sadly, caressing her softly the while. V ' Muoh as you have injured me, you know, I could never in cold blood harm a hair of your sweet head; but remember '—and his eyes burnt into hers— ' you are mine; body and soul, as you said jUBt now, and we must contrive to meet often privately, or I will hot be responsible for my aotions.'.' 'Yes, of course, dearest,' she uttered lightly^ not daring to contradiot the man in whose power she lay so complately. ' Only it will be frightfully diffioult to manage, you know.' ' - ?: ' But if you really love me as you say, and not that stiff-necked Englishman whose throat I long to out, it will -be easy enough. Be sides, Gidia, since you always took a delight in plotting and scheming, it comes naturally to you. Why, you are a female Maohiavelli,' laughed Silvio. ? ... 'Ah, flatterer 1 '—Gidia thought Machiavelli was probably some charaoter in an- unknown opera — 'But my darling, I would move heaven and:earth to spend a moment in your arms, so do not doubt my love for you;' then, remembering suddenly Lady Olandia's words respecting her muBiaal reunion the following Thursday,' she laughed; softly, ' So, Silvio, you are the new tenor whom my cousin has se cured to sing .with, me, and whose voice I hoped would blend well with mine.' 'And you, then,' ; said' Silvio; also (laugh ing, ' are the lady , amateur I have been curs ing, having detennined she was some vain ariBtoorat who could not sing a true note. We sbaU'charin and| aBtonish your friends, I fancy, my darling.' ' I ' What a merey we did not 'meet unexpec tedly for the first time in my own drawing room,' said Gidia, thankfully ; ' and, dear love, I muBt now hasten away, or my absence, may be disoovered, and then where - would 'Lady, Disney's '. reputation be, I wonder? No, dear, you must not come a Bingle step with me, the risk would be top, great '—Silvio had made; a. movement as if to aocompany her — 'Ton know my address, it iB oh your card of invitation, so au revoir till Thursday, , by whioh time I shall have devised the ways and means for our . future rendezvous.' One more long embrace and Gidia had; left him' to ^ return steaUhily to 1 'her' stately home, the home of the man who : trusted her implicitly: with the honor of a stainless name, an anoient ' noble race. r. . .. .. . ? Silvio Bomano then left the theatre, and; sat till early dawn in his showily-furnished chambers' thinking how; he; aould turn to beat' advantage the strange chances Fate had put into his hand. When a mere youth he had married the halt English, halt Italian girl,' partly- in a boyish fit' of passion,' partly be-' oause their -voices harmonised, and he had & vague idea it might be ! worth his while to eooure her. Bomano: knew and oared little about hia ohild-wife'e relations. : Her mother was Leonora Taletta, a .broken-down opera dancer, and as he believed, the caBt-off - mis- tress of some wild young Englishman, who probably was Gidia's father, for the. story -of. Leonora's . ' marriage was regarded as a mere myth. Thus He never dreamt what a source of wealth she 'would 'eventually become to him ; in fact,-he -had, amid the excitement ot his unexpected trinmph, almost forgotten her -existence.:-.. \ . ''J How ' beautifal she \has beoome,' he thought; ' unless- it is the way she is got up, whioh' makes' the astonishing difference. I 'should hardlv -havrt rfinnanifwirl hsr ?- if tViR little fool had not looted so frightened, though she had good reason for fear, little serpent I ' and he olenohed his white teeth savagely. ' If I had only known, but she shall pay for it yet, Silvio Bomano is not a man\to be trifled with. So those are the famous -Disney diamonds I have heard so many 'fine ladies rave about. Why, they alone must be worth a king's ransom,' and his eyes shone ouriously. \- When his handsome face dropped the mask of the conventional smile it usually wore, what an evil-looking man he was. ? ? Bomano was tall, with a light, symmetrical figure, -clear out regular features, dark creamy skin, and face -which bore evidenee ot his nationality.: His head -was covered- with a profusion of black ourls, a moustaohe ot the samecolor hiding his cruel, sensual mouth, and his bright black- eves, large 'and bold, | were capable of expressing as muoh tender- ! neBS as his sptt,' thrilling voice. But. in spite ot these , natural advantages, the man's onaracter was discernible on his countenanoe, tor his* expression betrayed that he was both selfiBh and crafty, Bnd his heart not onlyoold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and pafesienate — not an unoommon combina tion in- the lowest type of Italian character. Himself fickle as the winds, he', would still never hesitate to draw a knife across the de fenceless throat of a woman who played him false; or plunge a stiletto : into the back of a man who stood between him and his objeots. And he held Balph-DiBney's suppossd wife in his power, a power he would - not scruple to use to the nttermost. Even now his mind was busy with 'plans for the future, but his thoughts seemed rivetted by the dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn ; nothing : else seemed real or tangible; . - His newly reoovered wife's beauty,.her lingering caresses, and long clinging kisses were verypleasant to recall but . those diamonds I---, When he closed 'his eyes he could almost see them again sparkling and glittering on the fair white' throat (for- a moment, he: paused to think how .soft and tender - t/iat - waB), and in oareless -profusion over the rioh silken robes. Long after day. light 'had' stolen' in -through the windows, Bomano sat reasoning feebly— I ' 'The jewels belong to Gidia, and she is | undonbtedlv minn. whv nhmild nnt 1 mnkn i use ot both her and them? ' The thought seemed'ht first a^wild one, but it rapidly' gained ground, and ere long the Italian bad. fully determined on obtaining spgedy possession' o{ . the much-ooveted , dia monds, no. matter at vfhatriak ; and he vowed fiercely it should fare ill with the man or wo&an; who might dare' to stand in his path. CHAPTER VII. 1 : Before tho season— an unusually Ray one— J had closed, Lady Disney astonished her hus band by pleading for a hasty retreat to Disney Manor, and Balph, though only too thankful to esoape from a life in every way irksome to him,: thought it his duty to remind Gidia she would, probably find the oountry very dull after having aoeustomed herself to so muoh excitement. ' 7ou see; my dear, no one will leave town , just now, and I doubt if you would. got any one to stay with you for the next three weeks at least. I am quite sure Claudia will not be persuaded to aocompany us— at any rate, not till after, tho next drawing-room and the Prinoess' Garden Party, V he said; warn-, irigly, being too honest to take a mean advan tage of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. ' ; ,:? . ' Oh, I do not oare the least in, the! world,', Gidia replied, in peevish weary, tones ; ' l am: tired to death. of: everybody and-'everything,\ and wish we had never oome to London at all, but: stayed at Disney all by ourselves;' and she began to cry. ' . ; ; ; Balph, still very fond of his pretty young' wife, and having aU rtn Eogliahmsn'a horror ot tears, took her tenderly in his -arms— , , ' My darling '—soothingly—' we will start at onoe, if you really wish it. I shall be over jojed at having my little wife all to myself ?again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly, 'apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pure, air of Disney, oombined with regular hours, can bring back the . roses whioh /have faded from your pretty cheeks, .dearest.'?. : Then, as a happy: idea seemed to strike him, ' and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear oldMrs.Cunninghameto join us there. It will be quite like old times,' he added, plea santly. , .Whether Gidia was equally delighted with, this. .last arrangement her ihusband never heard, as their conversation was at ;that mo ment interrupted by the entrance of callers, but the invitation: was despatched, and duly acoepted by both ladies. The following week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Balph and Lady Disney left town ; and the same.paper whioh recorded their departure for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Bomano . was compelled, by medioal advice, to retire for a time frompub lio life. Hewas about to proceed — so it stated to his native place, a small Italian village, there to seek the entire repose he so much needed.', . : . , Lilias Dering's first impulse on reoeiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, she blamed her self severely for having for a moment even entertained the thought, ot refusing, and so. she found herself the guest of Balph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gush ing: effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have oast off all her newly-acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, light-hearted creature with whom Balph. Disney had fallen bo madly, in love at Gulverden Priory. ' How happy they are 1 ' Mrs. Cunning hams would exclaim as she watohed Balph's lover-liko attentions and Gidia's little coquettries, as they strolled about; the lonely; oldrjrounda. And Lilias, though she had a vagje; sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to-believe it . so, and, with out one regretful sigh for the happiness whioh might have been hers, thanked: God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunning hame was taking'her usual after dinner, nap, a plaoid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Balph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they we're mutually interested in concerning the improvement , of the cot tagers dwelling on their respective- estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open windows, restless and expectant. The draw ing-room opened on a long terrace, from which , | some anoient stone steps led to. a lawn sloping, gradually towards a laree . plantation known as the Wilderness.; Suddenly from: the dark fir trees oa'me a peculiar note, whioh to most; earB would have borne no significance, it was so like the.ory of . some night bird, but Gidia. started guiltily, and threw an anxious glance' towards her , husband, ' who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits ,of,which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty, shoulders con temptuously at the sight, then as the ory was repeated rapidly several times,: Bhe passed down the stone: steps', glided across' the dewy lawn, dived into the shadow of the wilderness, and then quickening her pace, ran into the arms of SUvio Bomano. ''My own love,' she whispered, after a long -warm embrace. ' You cannot imagine what a state of . anxiety I have been in since dinner, Ieat I should mistake your signal, or not be able to: make my esoape unnoticed. :, How frightfully gloomy it is 'here,' and Gidia :shrank. closer to he; husband's side as: she glanoed fearfully around. ' But: I , do. not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest,' : and the blue, eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. r With arms twined about each other,, and heads bent lovingly together, they' strolled onward into the deepest reoesses of the dark wood, where even the moon whioh had now risen failed to penetrate. - ? ? Mrs. Cunninghame's slumbers had been unusually peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re- adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look arnnnd hpr. wVlPTl flwlia r.lirlo/1 ; nniaalanalo into the room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disney's nsually blooming face, that Mrs. Cunninghams uttered an exolammation of surprise and dis may, which immediately attraoted the atten tion of both Balph and Lilias. ' My love,' said Balph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quiokly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, ' how imprudent of you -to remain out go late] I should have fetohed you in long ago it I had only guessed where you were, tor there must be a tremen [ dously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, | darling,' he added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. ' Yes, indeed,', said Mrs. Cunninghame, ' the dear child looks as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Balph, her feet arc- quite wet,' pointing to the tiny satin slipperB resting on a stool.-. '? . ? ? - ? 'So they aw 1 and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death.' Balph excitedly ohafed the little hands whioh hung listlessly at her side, and looked- appealing towards Miss Dering. ' . : Lilias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaohes for having mono polised Sir Balph bo long, rose and went to wards her niece. ... 'Oome, dear, yon-had better divest your self ot your wet garments as soon as possible, Will you kindly ring for Marie,',' to Balph, ' or let me . take you1 to your room; Gidia,'.' and she tenderly drew her : niece's shivering fornr towards her. ' Gidia threw her arms l around her aunt's neck, and for once the tears Which streamed down her oheeks were genuine, ythen submissively: bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it waB with a sigh of relief she found herself : at laat with no other companion than her maid. marie, always on tne alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress', disarranged toilette,' as she removed the dress whose tiny frills hung limp and damp, with its' delicato laae trimmings torn and discolored. ' They will need my assistance onoe more,' she thought, triumphantly,' as she brushed out, the /tangled golden curls, and pured stealthily at the white drawn face reflected' in the.glase. ' * \ ' Miladi indeed appears vraiment Maladi,' she eaid at last, softly. ' Maladi is not wise to_ venture so late in tho air of this perfidious climate. Mon Dicu ! but it is nimply atroci ous to one accustomed to tho delioiouB even ings of tho Sunny South, : tho bright Italia,' and Maria cast up her eyes sentimentally. The Frenchwoman's voice breaking in upon her meditations reminded Gidia she had in deed need of her maid's assistance, bo she anewered— ' Yes, my goad Marie, I am ill, wretchedly bo, and unless I feel ovor so much bettor in the morning, I shall not leave my ownapart ments — at loast not before tho ovening. And, oh 1 whilst I think of it,' she went on oare lessly. ' Take my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those -hori'id diamonds'; I- have arranged an entirely new Betting for them if Sir Balph will only let me carry out my ideas.' - : _ Marie took her mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from which she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently quite as much as Bho could manage to carry. '^Mon Dicu -, but it ia heavy,' , she ex olaimed, with a. groan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. ? .-'f You .need;, not. remain,',' : said Gidia, nervously,, playing with the bunoh of keys. 'I am not inclined for bed yet,. and will ring when I want you again.' The door had ecarcely. dosed behind the soft-footed abigail,.. when Gidia, laying her head in her hands, broke into a Btorm of passionate tears. : I' How dare he aBk me to risk such a thing I ' she exolaimed vehemently. ' There will be Buoh a terrible storm when the rob bery ia discovered. Perhaps, they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would be come of me? To fall so low after having olimbed so high, would be dreadful, and I could almost hate Silvio for ; making me do this, thing. How cruel he can be when he chooBes 1 ' she meditated. ' And yet . I sup pose I really do love him a little. Certainly more than anyone else in the' world.' Then, her sobs gradually subsiding, she unlocked the safe, and, taking the diamonds foom their ; numerous velvet oases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like the surface of a moonlit lakd. ' I havo no affeotion for the horridly old fashioned things themselves,' sho reflected.' ' Balph will never.be persuadeefcto let me do; what I like with them. 'Then, as Silvio says,| everyone . will be bo full of oommiaeration' when they hear of my loss, that I Bhall be sure to have endless presents to console me, nioe modern jewellery, not this heavy dingyj stuff ' — And she looked contemptuously at! the c'uriouB setting Balph valued 'more highly! than the diamonds themselves. ! ' ' This rivi&re; is rather nice though ; I jre-; member the Prince said how well it becamo me, at the Mansion Houeo Ball,' and she held it up to the. light, letting it glide over her pink fingers., ' Yes, I must try and keep! it somehow,' deoidedly. ' After all, if Marie will only assist me, I shall not have to! run any very great risk ' (the little sinner was a philosopher in her way, and readily submitted co buv luuviiuuivf* r it/ ia jjuor auvm wuv will Buffer, if auyone, but then he is far too' olever 1 to , be, caught,'— and having oom fortably shifted the danger on to the shoulders of another, her terror began visibly to diminish,- giving plaoe to another feeling of annoyance as she thought — 'I shall have to give Marie ? at least half the money Balph gave me . yesterday — how exceedingly tiresome !.''and she touohed the bell pettishly.. In a few seconds the French woman entered, bearing on -a small silver salver a oup of steaming chocolate. : , ' How nice, and thoughtfulof you, Marie,' and Gidia Bmiled pleasantly, at her maid, as. she daintily. ; sipped the fragrant , beverage. ' I really do not know what I should do with-' out ?ou. And oh, I was jiiBt thinking; I ami, not exactly pleased with the costume Madame Lenore sent me -yesterday, so.you may have it if you like.' Then, interrupting Marie's profuse thanks—' I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thiursday atLady Dormer's; Sir Balph -wishes; it, but they must be care fully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you ? have dressed nie to-morrow even? ing.'. Here Lady Disney's tones became Bbuoiouuiy oiuw huu uiuBHurea, causing i-iLiuiu to listen very attentively. ' I shall leave my room exactly at five minutes to eight; you will, then immediately take the /diamonds from their cases, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night beihg; a warm one, the windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning them. I have a presehti mont -that when once . down : Btairs— say at 1 eight o'olook precisely— the exertion of having allowed myeelf to be dressed will prove too much for iny strength, so be prepared to come to me immediately if you; are called. Do.you understand me?' and she fixed her- eyes significantly on her. maid's 'expressive fea tures. 'But, Miladi— ' and the Frennhwoman (who fully entered into the spirit of her mis tress's meaning, but determined, to make a good-bargain for herself) shrugged her shoul ders deprecatingly— ' would it not be an im prudence to leave euoh valuable jewels even ?ai- a TYinmArif.9 Tf Vtv anmo forrihlia.mitio^ venture they were lest, stolen, it is I, pauvre Marie who would be compelled to face ruin and disgrace. : . Still, to serve a lady bo beau tifal, so amiable, I would even risk that.' 'Best assured, Sir Balph will never blame you for negleoting the diamonds in your anxiety to fly to my assistanoe,' replied Gidia, who saw she was understood. ' I eee I can depend on your fidelity, Marie,' and she opened a small cabinet,' from which she took a roll of notes, ; and offered half of them to Marie, saying graoiously — ' To Bhow you how highly I value your services.' Marie eaid -not a word, but fixed her eyes avaricoualy on the other half, which Gidia waa about to return to the cabinet. Then the eyea of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt- she oould not do otherwise than: allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Marie Dupont. . Sir 'RftlnTi onfororl Viia wifn'a -1rOQUinar.i-Arkm the following evening and found her seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chambre covering her dinner dress, and Marie's 'deft fingers busily employed putting the' finishing touohes to tho wonderful ereotion of tiny golden curls. ? - ' Are you quito sure, darling, you feel well enough , to. join us at dinner,' were her hus- 1 band's first words. 'I have missed your bright little face sadly all day; but you'stili look: very pale, and I would -not have you i overtax your strength for the world.' Gidia's protty faoe smiled and dimpled aa she looked up. ' Oh, yes, dear; I am really ever so muoh better, and cannot consent to lose another ol our dear, quiet evenings, whioh I absolutely revel in; I love to listen to. you, and wiso Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to under stand all -your clever plans'— then glancing towaVda tne little 'Dresden dock which had just emmeo -uo tniru quarier— v uan yon wait just another minute, dear? Marie has nearly done with me, and I want you to take me downstairs.' . ' Of oourse, dearest, I shall wait— an hour if .you like.' Then his eye fell upon the safe standing neor, with the keys dangling from the lock. ' You are surely , not coming out in your diamonds to-night,' ho said, wonder- , ingly. (To be continued ,) ' 