A TRIP TO KANGAROO ISLAND No. IL [By Blossom.] .***£*? ^O^0?' property we ascended a steep hill, from the summit of which we got a splendid view of the north, coastline, and continned our course for some time through country eminently superior to anything we had seen on the trip— a fact which' has evidently been recognised as it was all taken np, and clearing was going on rapidly. Changing our course, which continued would haTe taken us to Pennyshaw, we proceeded in a southerly direction, passing some rich flats on which thefirst real trees we had seen on the island msxfe tfaeir appearance. This sort of ^ d£? S* h°.TO*er, exist in any quantily, and what there w of it has aU bie£ eagerly taken up. W« shortly entered yacka country sgain, very similar to some of that in Hait.es, but with somewhat better soiL This 16 most of it in its original state but fences round the blocks proclaim that some one has selected the hind under one of the numerous clauses of our Land Act. This class of country continued for some distance and as ft was getting late and very cold we gvewvery weary of it, and were thoroughly gratified when we branched into the Hoe Bay- river country. It is rather con^ fusing to travellers that Hog Bay should be on the north side of the island, while the river ofthesamename discharges itself on the south -of- the hundred of Dudley. We all re gretted that wrpassed through this country when it was nearly dark, for it struck us as superior to any we had seen during the trip. Fine rich black soil, and plenty of it, with toll, well- developed bluegums, formed a pleasant relief after the long stretch of monotonous yacka country. We pitched our camp some way down the river on the Government reserve, in sight of two farm houses, and felt as if we were in civilization oooe more, the land about here is all selected, and the farmers bid fair to do well, for the soil is very good, although patchy ; but there is very hard work in tbe way of clearing for the selectors to get through before any large area can be put under culti vation. We made «n early start next morn ingi and obstructive fences obliged at soon to ettikc out into the yacka country again, better land probably than most we had seen under similar vegetation, but anything but tempting at- that; Along tbe creeks the soil appears to be excellent, but the hill? come so close that this class of laad is of very limited extent, in- fact the more we progressed on our journey tbe more, we were impressed with the idea that there was very little good land on the inland. We passed eonce more good soil at the head of CbBpman's River, which had bean taken up, and then struck across a large area of yacka country that was^till open, and sighted Cape Willoughby early in the afternoon. We oamped on the lighthouse reserve later on, and then started off on foot for a tour of in spection round the racks aud the land in the neighborhood. Some of us hunted up the head-keeper of the lighthouse, and I was never in a cleaner building in my life. All tbe rtflectore and glass fittiegs were polished up to tbs nines, blemishes, if any, being, un discernible by the naked eye, and the whole building from tip to toe was a very model ef ckaclinesB and order. The building is of preniw, of which there is an-sbundant supply in tbe immediate neighborhood, huge boul ders appearing here and there among the roi/ks on tbe cliffs. We had a magaidcent \itw from the tog o£ the lighthouse, (.be ttainlncd tppearicg quite close so calm «m1 Mmr »ns the dav. and the Pages stood boldly out in midpassoge, adding their quota to tbe picturesque scene. In the vioinity of the lighthouse we found traoes of capper in the stone en the verge of the cliff, but there was no appearance of any quantity. Close to the lighthouse the telegraph station is«itu atcd, and from the passage ic must appear as if that were the only domicile ; bat as a matter of fact thedw»J-icg-houses are nestled in a little hollow abot.t a quarter of a m.le inland, where there is duo au unused wooden school building. At- abundance of black sandy roil covers the i : serve, and we were- In- formed that in days gone, by this wa« well covered with grass, but owing to the .boun dary fence having been destroyed by fire the neighboring sheep had devoured everything, , atd the sand is being blown about in all ; directions. Tenders are, however, invited for ] the re-erection of thi* fence, and the -oid-stata ; of affairs may yet be reverted to. It seems a pity that something has not been done towards planting the reserve, for the luxu riant growth of the flowers and plants in the gardens attached to tbe houses, and the suocess that has been experienced ia the growth of hay on some small blocks thit have been- fenced off, prove that vege tation will not only exist but thrive. We stayed at Cape Willoughby until about 10 o'clock next morning, when we returned to Hog Boy. Our journey back took us.through seme more of the now. wearisome yacka country, until we got to Thomas's station, ?h hen we dipped down from the tableland by j a very rough road to seme much better country ! near the coast, which continued until wo [ crossed the Chapman River.; then we had to j aEcend again, and our course continued | through land more thickly covered with yackas j than any we had seen, until we got close to ! Hog Bay, where the pertinacity of the mallee | seemed to annihilate other vegetable growth. The descent; from the high land to Hog Bay beach was very steep, and with our broken pole j& had some difficulty in accomplishing it. However, success attended our efforts, and we got down to the rocks before it was too dark to examine the ancient French inscrip tion of 1803i which records the visit of the explorers. We have not many relics in South ? Australia,. and it seems almost a pity that one of the most, if not the most, interesting of them all should be allowed to go to rack and ruin for the want of a little attention. It would not cost much to put a fence round this piece of ground, and a protec tion over tbe rook to preserve it from the effects of the wind and' water. That night one of our party persuaded us to camp on the beach, and we deeply re gretted Saving- done so ere we struck camp in the morning, for although it was comfortable enough in the night when the morning came it brought a breeze with it which smothered our victuals, our clothes, our eyes, and our hair with sand. The next day we disbanded the camp after our midday meal and em barked on board the Dolphin about 5 o'clock. We all went to Queenscliife, and as four of the party had to return to Adelaide nest day they remained en board, while the botaniit and thegentleman with piscatorial tendencies went onshore to spend a few days-fossicking and fishing in the neighborhood of the largest settlement on the island. I was fortunate enough to meet an old friend and to secure the loan of a horse from a hospitable resident, eo taking as few things-as possible we started cflE to see the new hundred of CassInL We selected the road- through Brownlow to C- gntt Eiver ; then instead of continuingon Ibe trfcck -which leads to Haines we turned up the south side of the river taking a veelet ly course — our course lay for a consider abic c istance, in fact most of the way, alcrg tfce rich flats which skirt the rivir. Some property here I was.- in ferred wes for sale, and th& price named £c*n'cd to me exceedingly reasonable,, con sidering tbe richness of the soil;, but my eom panicn enlightened me considerably on that head. The whole of this rich area is subject to inundation in winter time, and while out northern farmers are- grumbling' at much ' drake' the 'Cygnet settlers complain at too much 'duck.' In other words- the quacks have selected as their whiter resort large portions of the land that look so attractive as a summer resort for we poor1 city people pining to get somewhere and anywhere when sanitary -civilisation has not commenced the stinkingyout process of deep drainage. The land may be ever so good, the situation ever so attractive in scenic points, and. the climate ever so Utopian, but none of these induce ments are or will be sufficient to encourage agriculturists to take up land for aquatic pnr peses. Fresh water lagoons may have their attractions for the sportsman,, the scientist, or the pure and simple pleasure -seeker, but they do not schedule as valuable assets in a farmer's balance-sheet. We pass property belonging to Bates, Calnan, and come to a fine estate belonging to Mr. Daw. A post office has been, established on this farm, but there is no telegraph station. The riverside here is lined with very fine specimens of the blue-gam (E. lencoxylon), which in many cases attain a great height. The character of the country all along our route is very similar ; rich, black soil near the river, fl inked by heavy, black, sandy slopes, beyond which 'sgain lies the yellow sand of the yacka country, most of it thickly besprinkled with small ironstone pebbles. We made a short stay at the homestead of Messrs. Kinch Bros., which is situated on an exceptionally rich piece of country. The Messrs. Kinch were the lessees of a large portion of the hundred of Cassini, which U now being surveyed. They had just fenced the property and erected a woolshed and yards, when they received the unpleasant six months' notice, so their venture was not pro fitable, whatever it might have been in the loDg run. One of the brothers in giving an account cf his choice of that portion of the iBland was very amusing. He said that he searched with the utmost pains to find a spot suitable for grazing which might pay for some 'clearing, and would be at the same time country of too inferior a nature to permit of ever being ousted by the resumptive claim for agricultural purposes. After some time they pitched upon Southern Cassini, thinking that it combined the qualities they sought, and that there was not the remotest chance of the hind being required for agricultural purposes, at any rate during the life time of the three brothers, as they considered the soil too inferior and the ?ountrytoo rough to be ever tackled by the plough. As stated, however, they had hardly got fairly settled ere to their great astonish ment they received notioe to quit. Accepting the inevitable they selected their present land in the hundred of Menzies, and have turned their attentions from grazing to farming. There is a good deal of uncertainty about the latter in the position they have, chosen from the inundating reasons aforesaid, but that the land is capable is fully proved by the way in which wheaten hay, barley, mangolds, potatoes, maize, and even hops have growc Land of inferior quality will not grow maize over six feet high without ? large amount of labor and attention, whioh Messrs. Kinch affirm was net bestowed, the crops t»ing, locked upon more as experimental thansouroes '? of revenue. The fact that hops will thrive on the iiland may be considered one of more ? thanordinaryimportanceifor their cultivation' affords employment for laborers nearly -all tHe year round, and many people with mneh ' justification hold that until we get a fixed laboring class upon the roil farming In South - Australia will never be a complete success.' While farmers search for labor only at one' particular season of the year f«r the gather ing in of one particular crop, difficult Us will i always have to be encountered, and high wages win have to be paid. What is required. i« boQ and clfinate suitable for the cultlv* tionof a -raiiety of crops in the year, and I : believe that p*rBons of Kangaroo Ittand will meet these reaaixesnntsi £a thWopiHicni I know I am net borne out by the old resi dents, who scout the idea ol the island ever being, a successful agricultural settlement. They say that the only thW- tbat will make ? the place go sAaaJiili be the oft oovery of law mineral deposits, whioh it is believed exist Ptefesso/TatiC I under stand, endorsee the belief in the nre sence of ufnendBr but then on tfce otter hand w*have the undeniable fact that Mttert© intaeraltf have nBtfeeau diuoveretAi roabfeqaantitiact Ivmtnretsbeiiwothat tarmmg-on the island cm fo« made- aeaeooaf, inmany parts at all events, but then in con tradiction to this the testimony of' the old settlers has been confirmed ttr a large extent by the experience of the pasVWtjsin, Taking the results of the last harvest, for instance, I fear that a close examination will dit close the painful fact that farming as a whole was not profitably conducted, and. that /the majority of settlers have lost instead of made msaey as a result of their year's labors. la excep tional spots, chiefly lying near the coast, seme excellent returns in barley h»ve- fre quently been obtained. At Hog B»y aud American River, for instance, re portaayjthat 40,50, aud even GO bushels ? of barley so the acre have been obtained. Bat £ am given to understand that last year nothing like those figures have to be chronicled, the only exception I bnard of being that of Mr. Beeves, near Kingscote, who obtained 41 bushels per acre from a small area. Excel lent samples of wheat have been grown. upon tfce better lacd of the district, but it is found to be a terrible climate for tbe germinsr tion of red rust. These returns being from the select few areas on the coast, the question arises concerning the yicide of the malice and yacka country. She cleared malice country in the hundred of Menzi.es which has been brought under the plough during the past two years I did not seo, ha cause my time was limited, and I was. mono auxiouB to examine the land remaioing iu tbe state of nature than that undergoing teaas formation, but probably the returns from these parts will be made public at an early date. There can, however, be -nothing very grand about thun if, as one. farmer* assured me, the barley jield for the whole island will not exceed six- bushels per acre. The yacka land has hitherto baffled the efforts of the most energetic of settlers. Before farming made nny headway on- the island' the pastoral lesec - ? s n. ade ? numerous and a variety of effort s to con vert tbis country ?into gnus land; Near the coast in the mallee country when burning was practiced in most cases grass sprang up of its own accord, but no such luck attended similar mea-,urc-£ amongst the yackas. I saw large tracts, of this land tiat had evidently euc cuiubed to fires some time since, but there was not a vestige cf grass to be eeen. I was as sured, morever, that even when grass had been eowd it had not thrived. It- comes up and grows a few inches but then gives up the ghost. Thit is certainly not encouraging, but still, ];ke Mark Tapley, I would still hope on. It h quite possible that operations have not been I conducted on a proper system, and that what | -s - Eminently preferable as a method in crdi | n&ry; groucd is quite out of place on this : queict soiL It would be interesting to know ! what the Professor of Agriculture would say : to this country, wrjich I believe he has not j : et visited. One thing is certain, viz , that \ if this class of land cannot be reclaimed the ! greattr part of Haines, and this new him i drtd of Catrsini, is valueless for agricultural . purposes. So far the farmers avoid it, as the I large uccccupicd areas of this class, of country | in Haines and Dudley testify; and as the ? grc&ter; portion of Cassim is not a bit better— : roan? maintain worse— that also will probably ' iio idle, btirg in that state no good to man or bea»r, Befo: o visiting the hundred of I 'Ciitbini I was told by over a dozen people that | there was only one block of kind of about ' LOGO acres that was acy good whatever for agricultural purposes. The block of land in auostion is situated on the coast, at what is iioown as Boxer's homestead, which is the t a tion built by tbe original lessee of the northern portion of the hundred. This state ment is a very sweeping one, but itis surprising :iow many people to whom I spoke on the sub ject endorsed it. There is good land in the aurdred beside that mentioned, situated on the river, and although there was not much of it I was much struck with its capabilities. A close examination of it, however, showed high water mark about three feet above the level of the ground, which fully accounted for tbe cordemnation I had heard. Hare and there throughout the hun dred are to be found patches of fair soil, but they are few and 'far between, apd thickly timbered. A very large propor tion of the land in this neighborhood is much too rough for cultivation, being thickly covered with rocks. The soil on thia rough country is good, and with clearing, is- probably capable of growing grass, the only purpose for which it is fitted. From what I saw of the country generally, I think it highly im probable that men of small means will do well on the island, and any one going there with out plenty of capital must inevitably come to grief, The selector has much to contend with from the outset. To begin with, it will be ex tremely difficult for any one to get his stores, stock, imJJsltnents, &c;, on to this new land, for th-T roads are simply dread ful. On the Government plan they will probably look easy enough but when one comes to face the thick uncleared scrub with a team it is quite another matter. I had the state of the track' brought forcibly under my notice one day when in a spring cart with a companion who was driving, while I held tightly_ on with both hands. We came suddenly against a stump half hidden by the sand, and the jerk sent my companion, who ccold cot hold on and drive- too, into the air, atd he went dawn head first between the h'.rseand the shaft. His fall was followed Ly a bump, whioh I knew only too well roc act that the wheel had passed over him. It was a narrow escape for him, but fcrtucatcly, although he did not come off uiibvrt, so bones were broken, aod the wheel misted bis head, passing, over bis neck and shculdtr. The stumps make the: roads- bad enough in -summer, but what result the \TiDt*r raios will have upon the. numerous creclra, and the Cygnet itself lam unable to sb5- but should imagine that they, would be impassable. When the selector is fairly on his land other difficulties await him. He is surrounded by a thick sea of. scrub which takes a levs time and a good deal of money to clear. With regard to fencing, the posi tion. variesvery much, for in some- parts of the inland there axe no posts; to be had of decent size for miles around, while in others good timber is near at hand. Oil the Cygnet River, for instance, there are- in parts quite forests of the blue and sugar gums and mag nificent trees ; many of' them are running up in beautifully straight stems for forty or fifty feet without a branch. The scene reminded me more of pictures one sees of the American backwoods than anything' I have seen in South Australia. Such grand clumps as these are rare, and one cannot but be struck with their appearance. Another great difficulty is water. This may seem some what incredible after what I have said about the inundations in winter, but the sandy nature of the soil enables the water to soak away. There is therefore an absence of sur face storage, and unfortunately ia most parts of tbe island sinking is only rewarded by the discovery of salt springs; and even the settlers on the Cygnet are not much better off,. for tbe greater portion of the river is almost too ealt for drinking purposes towards the end of summer. As most people are aware an agitation has been going on for some time for the erection of a jetty on the coast. The Marine Board after a thorough inspection have recom mended Kirjgscote as the most suitable spot for this purpose. From a marine point of view the recommendation is unas sailable, but from other aspects there is some thing to be said against it. ? The roads in the neighborhood of Kingscote and Qaeenscliffe adjoining consist of mere bush tracks through heavj sand, which would cost a large amount of money to put into working order, and then when these are finished it would be doubtful if they would be used to any large extent. There are so many places along the coastline of the island where goods can be landed and produce shipped that the mere erection of a jetty would not necessarily attract more goods to Qaeenscliffe than will go to that port whether a jetty is erected or not. There is not a single puce on the island where it can honestly be said a large township will spring upas the result of it being tbe princi pal outlet for produce, for skipping will take place at numerous places on the coastline as close as possible to the agricultural land of each neighborhood. That a jetty, anywhere would be a great boon to the residents of the immediate neighborhood no onecan deny, bat, it is equally admissible that the expendi ture of any large sum of Government: money -in one particular place wiU be more or less misapplied. In other words a jetty is premature anywhere, and is simply putting; thfrcart before the hone. Before providing; shipping fadBtiwat any pert it is expedleati . to provide means' by whioh farmers and others can eonvey thetr produce to that port, - and Jtt present no such facilities exist. The - natural roads are the worst I have seen any-' where in- tie colony, and there can be no doubt whatever that the first public vork on - the island should be the construction of a- series of main roads. The sooner this worki is undertaken the less it will actually cost. Indeed, were this work put in hand at onoe It would not cost the Government a single i penur io the long run, as the enhanced vatae* of the land now in the hands- of the- Grown would thoroughly recoup the State for- the) outlay. The hundred -of CastlBi, for instanoe, Is almost inaccessible with anything like ai load. The present price for catting thither is, I believe, £4 per ton, wfth no prospect: ola reduction, for. tiwn em' be soaeoely1 any profit on the teannaottbn. With: regard to *ton» the island may be! mM. to bd almost too well supplied, £brln- some-parts the ground is so thickly covered; as to-renOer ft wtiwly-nim^ftfrplBariiing; In i tkeeattera pbftfov the principal stone Ib1 \- limestemc butgtfns* westOBBfiufaefitabsenoe of !tha latter and bod r«d-rooks«f* grantte' character taking' its, place,, while in other por tions of the Ulana there is a singular: absence - ofajrysoTtoflmlldtognrateriaL Oheofthe main: atttMtionsi of the place a the esosUent fislinc 0* *&» «*attiitB^ It is said to be sapcuicrto-any otkerspotfoSouth-ATistraliaD ? waters. The South Australian Fishing Com pa*y tare for somcr time been trying to develop tfcir inAostryj an* they deserve t*- tuall p»sifO»r1lM«IierKf «0»«^rsev«nnoB - with wMch their estate Umm been carried ? out. Stnqu to saw, howeier, while *he» - atedozens«Cmen«ryingoutforwork1itisnext ?. to impossible to induce any one to take m- ' fiiAiDg aran industry. The life may not be attractive, but surely an occupation by which gocd wages can be earned all the year round ib worthy of some attention. 