DYNAMITE POSSIBILITIES. A correspondent, whose letter we published the other day over the signature of " Irish- " man," ridiculed the report that the dyna mite party purposed extending their ornsade.: to these ooloniee. The report, he affirmed, ' was Btupid because it implied the warning of the enemy, and be imagined that dyaamit- ards could not possibly be guilty of anoh stu- pidity. The report was also rubbish, for it asserted the inoredible hypothesis that a most fiendish attack was to be made npon a country that was the happy home of tens of thousands of Irish people, and that had on more than one occasion sent substantial relief to suleriDg Irish at home. But neither argumejt pror s that tie story ia baaelesi, Russian Nihilists have always been in tbe habit of warning the enemy before attempt ing to blow him up with dynamite ; they have never concoaled their intentions, altbongb of coarse they bare always con cealed the methods by whioh they hoped to accomplieh their plans. Canada has done no harm to Ireland ; on the contrary, like Australia, it has bestowed many favours upon the people ; nevertheless, a short time ago an attempt was made by IriBh dyna- mitards to destroy one of the publio build ings in Canada, The scornfnl language of of " Irishman" ia not argument, and it is opposed by positive information snpplied by San Francisco deteotiveB, who have no in ducement to say what is not true, aod who would hardly report on snob a grave ques tion what they bad not good reason to believe was true, that the dynamite assassins bad eome thought of commencing operations here. It would be very satisfactory if this report could be considered aa beiDg no more worthy of credence than tbe story of tbe celebrated Kiama ghost ; but in face of what is taking place in Paris and America, it can hardly be considered in that light. We published yesterday a report of an interview which the Paris correspondent of tbe London " Stan dard" bad towards tbe end of April with a couple of Irish extremists. They disclosed tbe fact that a " dynamite and dagger cam- " paign" was being prepared in Paris. And one of them expressed his conviation that " before long, by dynamite, the knife, aod " other means, the English people will be eo " terrified that they will be only too glad to " grant Ireland her liberty." And if sncb a poiioy should be pur sued towarde England, and that it is intended to be may be inferred from what took place in London on last Friday week, ib it unreasonable to sappose that it may be extended to Australia ? Mr. R«dmond, on his retnrn home, enlogised the colonies, but he spoke bitter things of the several Govern ments, whom he represented as having mani fested the greatest antipathy to the object of bis mission. The impression he gave wbb that the English feeling is even stronger here than it is in England, and that being so, what is more likely than that a portion of the hatred felt by the Irish ex tremists for tbe Eoglish Government should be expended on onr Governments ? It wonld, of coarse, be the maddest of follieB for the dynamitards to make an attempt on pnblia buildings in this city; tbe resnlts would be that they themselves wonld be speedily lynohed or legally executed. Anything except the display of personal conrage may be confi dently predicted of these extraordinary fana tics. One thing, however, is quite certain, tho campaign of dynamite and the dagger will not intimidate either Englishmen or Australians. There are thousands of Nationalists in Ireland, and hundreds here wbo deplore what is being done in Paris. They hate assassination itself, and they know that its effeat will probably be to exasperate the English people, cansing them to withhold from tbe Irish nation what, io different cir cumstances, they vroold readily grant. 