CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. The annual sitting of the Church of England Assembly was commenced at the Diocesan Regis try yesterday afternoon, when thero was a very large attendance of clerical and hy representa tives, as well as a number of ladies. Tbo Bishop lot Melbourne presided aud delivered the inau gural address. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Bishop said, — My Brethren of the Clergy jjittd of the Baity, — I cannot think that it is good for any church to be continually weighing its purse, and counting the number of its adherents. Such a proceeding insensibly sets up a false 'standard of comparison. Work comes to be estii- mated rather by its visible results than by its es- sential quality. People become more anxious for a good display than for a good conscience, and with consequences which are sometimes disas- trous. Anxiety for success is apt to put a perilous strain on truthfulness. And if, in the continual eddy of temporary change, there should appear in any given year to be de- cline and falling off, discouragement too readily degenerates into indifference and relaxation of effort. Numbers again are some- times extremely deceptive. We hear at times, for instance, of the marvellous success of some special mission to the intemperate; and if wo were to believe the returns we might imagine that the passion for intoxicating drink had been finally quelled amongst the classes which are most prone to its indulgence. Fifty thousand men have written their names down on a piece of paper— more than that, the magistrates in certain police courts have suddenly lost their occupation. Society is regenerated. A month or two after- wards, however, everything is as bad as ever, until by renewed efforts tho same magical results have been again attained, only to end once more in the familiar and disastrous failure. In time men get used to this kind of thing, and so at length pay no more heed to the brass bands, and torchlight processions, and spirts of enthusiasm, and long lists of converts, than if they were the signs of some recurrent disease through which men had to pass in tho natural course of things, as children pass through the measles. (Laughter.) For such reasons as these I con- fess that tables of returns, when they relate to temporary results, have very little interest for me. Unless they relate to periods long enough to test healthy and persistent work, I look upon them as almost without meaning and expect their publication to do more harm than good. For such reasons as this I have never asked for the customary annual reports of numorical and tinan- cial progress, and havo taken no notice of their disclosures, even when I bad approximate know ledge of their character. This year, however, a return has been made— not by my direction — which extends over a period sufficiently large to make its indications trustworthy. 1 shall there fore shortly notice its most significant results. It enables us to compare the amount of our funds and the number of our active members at thrco Important periods. First, at that immediately preceding tbo division of tbo old diocese of Melbourne into two ; second, at that imme diately following this division ; nnd third, at the end of 1883. It shows ns that in ibe year before the division of the old diocese there was church Accommodation for 05.000 persons ; that in the diocese of Melbourne alono, in the first year after that of Bnllarat was separated from it, there was Accommodation for 40 COO persons ; and at tho end of tho year 1883 thero wis accommodation for 69,887 persons— for nearly 70,000. TMb year I doubt not that, owing to tho opening of several pew churches, there will bo accommodation for over 70,000. This 'shows that in nine years wo Lave gained additional church Accomnio'Jation for 24,000 persons, nnd that wo have now, in the diocese of Melbourne alone, a larger number of sitting in our church' s than existed in both dioceses together at the time of separation. (Cheers.) The return is not loss satisfactory irh»n we look to tho number of persons availing themselves of this accommodation. Before sepa ration the number was 40,000. In tho diocose of Melbourne, in tho year after separation, it was 27,800. In 1883 it was 43,500. Tho in crease of funds, again, has quito kept paco with that of worshippers. Tho total receipts of the church in tho two dioceses before tep&ration; amounted to £G6,700. In tho yeAr lifter separation they amounted, in the diocese of Melbourno alono, to £53,000. In the year 1883 they had reached, in the Single dioceso of Melbourne, £33,700. (Cheers.) That is to say. a sum which cxccods "by £17.000 what thoy had been, before scpara ion, In tho dioceses of Melbourno and ffallarat to gether. This is tho record of a large and gratify ing, and, what is far bettor, a gradual nnd securo Advance. And now, what is the duty laid upon lis by this divine blessing upon our endeavors? That, with hearty gratitndo to our Hravonlv jFather, wo press forward with nil our might upon the lines which have been thus proved to be those of efficacy. Ictus beware of looking back to please ourselves in lazy congratula tions. We have done far less than we ought to have done— far less than tho needs of our .people required. One third of tho pcoplo of this colony profess to belong to our church, and it is "but little we have done as yet towards satisfying their spiritual necessities. For ihelnrgc movable population which is taking up land in our forest districts, we havo done far less than wo could <1?. its. and for those especially who nro making their homes in tho rich clearings of Eastern Gippsland almost nothing at all. It is our bonnden duty to cArry tho spiritual needs of those brethren of ours upon our hearts. Those church men of Melbourne who, amply supplied with the means of grace, content themselves with simply maintaining the r own minister, ere neglecting a plain duty. (Hoar, hear.) Wo are not a mcro knot of scattered congregations, who may feel ourselves at liberty, if wo please, to sub side into parochial selfishness, but tho mem bers of a church which is distinctly bound by tho most snered obligations to provide spiritual food for all its children. So long as any are neglected, the idle and illiberal oannot be without sin. It is simply absurd, not fe say heartless, to tell our poor selectors to pro- vidofor their own wants. I kuow that tome, who cee them perhaps corao in their best suits to the market, or tho law court of some principal township, are likely to gain tho idoi that they can essiy help themselves. But let such persons drive into the country, go upon the clearings, talk to tho selectors, and acquaint themselves with the heavy charge entailed on small com munities by the unhappy divisions among protcs- tant bodies, and they will speedily change their opinion. To send a special agent to pick up the gleanings of the selectors' poverty for the Bishop of Meioourne's Fund would be to court failnre — to incur an expenditure which could not possibly secure any adequate re turn. What is wantod is more Christian sympathy among our town congregations, es pecially those of Melbourne and its suburbs. There our principal wealth is to be found. Thero, were thero true brotherly feeling in men's hearts, it could be given with scarcely tho sense of self-sncrificc. Thoro aro two Melbourne parishes where tho organisation of tho Bishop of Melbourne's Fund is a reality. And does any one suppose thAt the inhabitants of those parishes feci tberoselvos otio whit tho poorer for what they contribute ? Let mo cxbort you, ray brethren, in all brotherly kindnera, to give a little more time and caro to this necessary work. Lot mo ask the clergy to take the initiative ; nnd lot me entreat churchwardens and vestrymen to rise Above tbo jealous local fueling which can not bear to see money devoted to any but parochial objects. (Hear, hoar.) If in a large, generous And Christ-liko affection for our poorer brethren, we would but make that little effort which is involved in startiiu and maintaining efficient parochial organisations, nil the im mediate wants of the diocese would be speedily suppliod, while the very effort wodd enrich those who made it with larger moaeuros, not only of spiritual life, but even of pecuniary resources. rpnpat schools. I would bespeak your special attention to the work of our Sunday School Association. This is so mere society of energetic meu, wbo taking in terest in a particular branch of ckaroh work Aro n law unto themselves, but a society called into existence by theCburah Asacmbh, and put; ui.der the restraint and direction of laws carefully fashioned by that great representative body. It is the cbnrch's.own organ for sustaining nnd im proving one of the moBt itnp rtant br nches of her work. Weareull, therefore, bound to give it our earnest and energetic support, Tho claim or this society does not, however, rest solely on tho natoro of its constitution. It has done good and stimulating work, and it only awaits the t ossos- rionof increased means to extend jts wbolesoino influence to every form of Sunday school effort and to every parish in the diocese. Very few aro aware of tho g oat and urgent ncods ofourSunuay schools. In maoy of our town schools, in most of our ooun ry schools, there is an utter absence of those educational appliances which nro thought to l>c resolutely essential to tho effici ency of the State schools. Maps, black boards, and illustrated lessons for in'ants aro either entirely wanting, or very insufficiently supplied, My recent inspection of some of tho Melbourne Sunday schools has convinced me that in large buildings elates ca»not be efficiently taught without curtains supported on rods to separate the classes.- (Hear, hear.) How can volatilo cbiidron attend, when with one glance of the eye they can take in all the tenipoiary causes of disturbance in the whole building, and when the observations of thoir own instructor are «cll ftigb drownol by thopo of neighboring loud- voiced teachers ? In argo schools curtains nro aq absolute necessity, and oven in cburcbos (when, unhappily, classes havo to bo held in churches) curtain rod" might esily bo affixed to detached stands, which coulu be removed on the dUmh&al; of tbo school. But how are poor Banshee to provide such requisites, or how is the unday School Association to givs them aid whii its annual income amounts to no more than £80? The association roquires, at the present time, in order to enable it to give that stimulus to Sunday school work which is needed, at least £500 a year. What might not be done if our association could offer to sup ply half tbe oxpense of books and apparatus to all poor schools in tbe country, if it bad tho power of paying a clerical inspector of our Sunday schools, and if it could extend Us examination and priro orguuisations so a to mako their stimulus felt in every parish of the diocese? Laymen do not easily realise the immenso impor tance of Sunday school work ; thoy fail to see that it has become almost as necessary a part of ' church organisation as tho regular Sunday ser vices, and that in a colony which banishes the Bible from its day schools the old make-shift ways and slovonly methods of teaching are nothing better than a bind for neglect of duty. (Cheers.) We need an immediate and deter mined effort to increase the resnorcos of tho Snnday School Association. The question of the inspection of onr Sunday school. has been re ferred to the rural doannerios of Melbourne, And the teuorts which I have received from tho rural deans disclose a great variety of sentiment on this subject amongst, tbe clergy. Some recognise the great valuo of inspection, and arc ready to welcome it. Others fear that it tnight not bo acceptable to the leathers, or that it might be too inquisitorial, or that too examiner might not re poet justifiable susceptibilities, or that the method of appointing inspectors might t»e un satisfactory, I gather, however, from tbe re ports that if we had tho means of paying & clerical inspector, to be appointed by the Bishop, nearly all objection would disappear. (Hear, hear.) If Christian men in this diocese would ex-rcise a little self denial, and give us an adequate in crease of funds, thoy could, without stirring a finger, double— yea, quadruple— the efficiency of the association at once. I can testify that the genoral meetings of the society during tho past year, including its model lessons, have been most Interesting and useful. I nevor leave one of those meet ings without feeling that I know something more about tho spffitual wants of our chil dren, and that I have been brought nearer to tbo hearts of somo of tho most earnest and lovable of ail our church workers. I could wish that more of such meetings wore hold in the widely separated centres of that combina tion of cities which we call Melbourne. Several interesting questions bar- arisen during the post year at some of these meetings— among th-m the query, how far wo c&u; provide Bund ty instruc tion for the chi'dren of the wealthier classes Tho practical answer to this question involves grave difficulties, which it would be of little use here to specify. Lot me simply sr.y that 1 only know two methods which are lik-lv to bo suc cessful. Tho child on of onr w althier people might bo gathered into a Sunday class, to be held in some privato< house, and taught by somo well edao-tod Chpstian mun or womun. The multi plication of sucb classes might perhaps bo at tended by ono great indirect adva t:ige. It might Induce somo of our better o lucated young pcoplo, who now, alas! giro bat little of tbeir timo to Christiun work, to practise that self denial lor Christ's work which would do so much to hallow and elevate their own character. Better still, howevor, I think it would be if all the children of a parish, rich and poor together, wcro assem bled frequently in.cbutchon a Sunday afternoon to bo catechised by the clergyman. Should it bo found difficult for one person to command atten tion in our larger ton parishe, I would suggest that a series of curtains on moveab o st ands should be set along the middle ot tbe church, aud that white tho clergymen catechised the children on one side of the screen, sotno highly educated Christian laymen might do th# sarao office for those on tho other aide of it. By alter- nating the sections on successive Sundays, the clergymen could thus bring all the childron of bis parish within the reach of his own influence. Thero is a very ven- ruble pr -cedent for this method of touching. Some 300 ye saintly Charles Bonomco, Archbishop of Milan, finding his dioci'so in a lamentable stato of vice aud iguornnc?, instituted what may be called the first Sunday schools in his inngnificc t cathedral. Theso schools still oxist, and tbeir modus operandi is described as follows by one who siw them at work : — "Tho Bouth aisle of the cathedral, its north aisle, and its south transept wore curtained off. In tho first n large number of boys wore being taught, in the second an im menso crowd of womun and girls, nnd in the third unite 40b men »f all classes and ages, from the lad of 10 to the white-haired veteran. The lynchers sometimes sat in the midst of large circles of listeners— s'-motimes need a movable pulpit." If one may curtain off spaces without lors of dignity in tho vast marble minster of Lombnrdy, there can surely ho no objection to resorting to uaimilar device in tho humblo parish churches oi Melbourne. (Hoar, hoar.) confirmation. I rejoice to know that tho importance of tbe rito of confirmation is being incrouaincly felt in this dioceso. I toink, however, that the inti mate relation between that rite nnd our Sunday school system is not very generally recognised. If the teachers, especially those in our higher classes, would more conspicuously nnd avowedly direct their lessons to the preparation of thoir scholars for confirm ition, they would find this on admirable means, not only of securing atten tion and promoting sole ran. ty of 'thought and demeanor, but also of securing the attachment of tbeirscbobirs tothe school at the age when they ars particularly tomptod to irregularity or dosortion. ciit'Rcn missions. One word I would s.iy on tho present position of our missions to the Chinese and aborigines. For soui" timo past these mission Lava received a very inadequate measure of public attention and support. Pcoplo havo tho impression that ns tho aborigines are rapidly dying out, it is no longer a duty to contribute to their support and instruction. This is a great mistake, as n single glance at the report of tho church missions in Victoria will convince yon. But whatever view pcoplo may takercsp-cting tho wants of tho abort- gin-s, of tho noed of more active efforts for tbe evangelisation oi tbo Ohineo there c»n only be one opinion. The Chinese in our midst are tlio representatives of tbe mos numerous family of the human race. None of them, or very few of thorn, remain willingly to die amongst us. It is tbeir aim to return to their native land to enjoy tho fruits of their Victorian labors. Now, if those going home wcro in all or in most cases well instructed and well established Christians, they might do more to evangelise China than all tbo Enropoan missionaries at present laboring in that country. (Applause.) Why is it, then, that this great opportunity is being allowed to slip by unimproved, or at least very inadequately improved ? Mainly, I believe because wc caonot afford to employ a European superintendent of our Chincso missions, who can speak fluently to both Chinese and Europeans. At present no one can thoroughly understand tho reports of tho Chinese missionaries, nnd, worse st'Il, no one can test (he real ctiiructer of their laborB by direct communication with those wbo profess to bo couverts. Again, our difficulty is u money difficulty. Were wealthy men more generous, rooro heartily Christian, tuorocapableof perceiving the truo relative valuo of the different objects of their expend! ure. our difficulties here, as elsewhere, might vanish in a day. I wish to judgo no mun, knowing how much I stand in need of a lenient judgment myself, but I cannot refrain from saying that if somo of our pcoplo compared the sums spent hy them in po- moling the kin«d -m of God, with those wasted on nice meetings aud amusements, they could hardly fee! that they were acting us stewards of Hod in tbo distribution of their wealth. (Ap plause.) If tho clergy wero more willing to make collections on Mission Sunday on behalf of our home missions to the heathen, the lack of private liberality would bo less severely felt. ritlMARY EDUCATION. The issue of tbe report of the Edncstion Com mission since we last met demands some slight notice. Nothing so filled mo with amazenie t when I first camo to this colony as to see tuen calling tbeiuselvos Christians allowing themselves to he made, on one flimsy protest or another, t ho tooh of an atheistic p opipnJa. (Applause.) Surely they must know tbat tbeir Master's morality depends wbol y on tho affirmation that in Him God is tho Father of all mankind. Sup press that ruth, and Christian morality is des troyed. How can I love my neighbor as my brother, if wo have no common Father, nnd if there be no spiritual family, of which wo all aro members? You may trifle and conjure with words as you please, but if you suppress in our State schools the truth that God is in Christ the Father of the whole human race, you make them at a blow un-Christian, and so far as tho training of tho character is concerned all but useless. (Ap plause.) Men at last are beginning to see this, and to ask themselves, shall we pay all that money i for an education which cannot practically affect condvt, ino.dcr to force Korncn Catholic chil dren iuto our State schools, or iu order to pu«ish those who r» fuse to do as wo wish ? The 12th I clause of tho act was framed by men whoin- I tonded to mako tho exclusion of r ligion from the State schools an ab.raluto exclusion. How : does it run? As follows:— "in every Slate ; scho'd secular instruction only shall he given, ' and no toa her shall giro any other than secnlar instruction in any Stato school buildings." Ia the hIeciico of any special interpretation, those words mean, and can only mean. " thoro shall bo no religious instruction in tue school, nnd thero shall bo none on the lips of tho teacher." It is tho most frightfully dc- solving piece of legislation I ever saw. (Ap plause.) And how any Christian man can uphold it without the sonso that ho is unfaith ful to his Must- r I cannot coucci re. Uow can your Ministers of Education resist tho appeals of secular higotiy, with such words uul rait d and unoxp'ained, on the statute book? It docs no doubt eom a horribly urbit ary proceeding for u Minister of Education to have struck the namo of Christ out of tho reading books without consulting Parliament. But what was an hone-t man to do? Could he go to Parliament and ask tliem ogivo an interpretation of ihcir own words which should bo only an informal 'and not a legis lative interpretation? His position was a most difficult one ; and it is this whole com munity which put hira in «b.t difficult posi tion. It enuctod tho law, and then found fault with Us administrator because be carried it out. Wo have got » new book of secular morality, aud in tbe prcfaco to that book it is recom mended that tho teacher shall illustrate ita les sons from holy Scripturo. I saw with a sbndder that a Kom.n Cath lie member of the Legis lative Assembly required that tbo tcacber3 should bo directed to abstain fr m compli nee with tbat recommendation. Now, what enabled iiut member of the Assembly to say to effect, " Give us what we want, or your children shall not bear in the State schools, from tho lips of tbe teachers, one syllable of that Book which their parents believe to contain the words of eternal life?" What enabled him to take that action, and what compelled the Minuter of Education to I sieutohim? The law which you have tnade, and which you insist on retaining unaltered, m1- thouiih it starves and degrade the souls of your children. (App!au3s.) I cannot blame tho Ministers of Education. Let the blame lie where it roilly rests— npon tbe Christian people of this country, who allow the law to remain unaltered. (Cheers. That law in its present f rm, inter feres seriou-ly with tbe movement for giving voluntary roligioos instruction in the State schools. Do wo want oar children to have reli gious instruction in the State schools or not ? If we dc, let us say so, and put an end at onco to arbitrary personal govern ment. If wo do not, then don't let us pre tend tbat wo do, but say at once that we have :o3 Ivod to abandon tellgion in education, and to take tho consequences. (Hear, hear.) That is really tho issuo which at the present moment is presented to ns. Those who think it may be avoided by tbo extension of voluntary re ligions teaching after school hoars are simply shutting their eyes to patent and inevitable facts. It has been pointed ont again and again that while the Protestant ministers of religion are in number less than a fourth of the Stato school teachers, it is vain to look to tbera to give adequate religious instruction to all tho children in the colony, in addition to doing tho special work of their calling. It is shid that a lai\o f-taff of voluntary lay assistants might bo found available. 1 reply tbat in tbe country dis tricts, uberetb- need is greatest, it Is almost im possible to find a single individual who ha suf ficient ability and lei are for the task. Under tbe encrcetio leadership of Mr. Saint, whose work has been beyond praise, a determined attempt has been made to provide religious instruction by voluntary effort to tbe children of the Prabran district, and with what result as to teaching? I find that in this district no fewer than 12 ministers are engaged in teaching, in addition to five laymen and Bevon ladies. But where in ti-e country can you 12 ministers and 12 lay people for three schools ? I know country districts in which you can only get one minister and no lay person for from five to seven schools. Very recently tho Bible in State Schools Lengno sent a circular to 306 boards of advice asking for a return of the numbers receiving voluntary re ligious instruction iu the State schools. Answers came from only 244 of these, so that tbo return is not complete. Ono may, however, safely assume tbat the boards which havo not answered are not those which lrnve favorable result to report. If »e make this assumption, tbo returns show tbat out of a total number of 220,000ckildren only 21,393 were receiving voluntary religious in struction. Of this number 11,803 resided in Melbourne, leaving only 10,030 for all tho other towns and townships of the colony. No fewer thftn 142 of tho boards reported tbat there w«s no religious instruction in their district. I will not say that a very determined effort might not improve this result, but I am sure tbat no volun tary effort could improve it groatiy. The num ber of laymen able and willing to give religious instruction on week days is much smaller than any one imagines. What alteration, then, I may be nskod, do you seek ? Precisely that which the coioraissionors recommend. Thoy differed as to the be3t method of meeting the Roman Catholic difficulty, un-i therefore I leave that difficulty outof consideration. In regard, bow- ever, to tho proper method of meeting tbe needs and demands of Protestant Christians they were agreed, a-d I think we ought to press on Government the importance of currying their recommendations into effect. Shortly they arc theso following : — (1 J Tbat an interpretation clause be introduced into the act, wucroby tho terms "secular instruction" shall bo declared to "include genoral religious teaching of a uon-scctnrian character (2) that the school carriculum shall includo sucb Scripture lessons as these contained In the book issued by the Board of National Kducntion in Ireland, such logons to be given bc'oro or after tbo timo set apart for secular education, a conscience clause boing added for the protection of children whose parents do no tosh them to receive religious in struction ; (3) that religious instruction may bo given by any teacher ap roved by tbo parents ; (4) that religious insiritction may be given by as many ot" thi Stato scho d teach'us as me willing to impart it. It is only in tho las' of theso »ocom- mendalions that I should propose a slight altera tion. Instead of merely permitting teachers to givo religious instruction, I Would require all to give it who did not allege a conscientious objec tion. the falvatios ARMY. I must say to you a few words about a spiritual organisation which is working vigorously in our midst, nod which, by the tremendous power of its enthusiasm, is sure to affect all our Work for good or ill. The Salvation Army has, I think, a special mission. It avowed object is a very largo one— to make every man lovo God. Prac tically, however, its labor is confined almost ex clusively to the lowest classes in our cities and places of considerable population. All its mothols of appeal are shaped with a view to reaching those classes, winning tbeir interests, and bringing them into the kingdom of God. 1 cannot believe that its religious patois, its military ritualism, its nois< and disconcerting familiarity can ever be made tolerable to men of thought, culture and largely developed religions reverence-. If I had to judgo this movement by its adapta tion to any classes but to thoto who are lowest in culture aud intelligence, I should pronounce it a huge mistake, and say it was destined to disastrous failnre. But I do not judgo it thus. I look upon it as an effort to win classes which tho Chri tian churches havo not won. And so considered, it must he jn 'gei very differently ; its means must be estimated with reference to ibe object which i hey nro intended to attain. And now I must say of tho Salvation Army, in the first place, that I believe it to bo mpited by tho noblest impulse which can direct human energies— by the desire to make sinful men lovo and follow Christ. (Applause.) J see in its leading ministers and agents a holy solf-donying enthusiasm, which, on tbe large scale, is nowhere equalled at tbe present time. When I read of the bold assaults which they make on the very strongholds of vice in this ci'y— of delicate women risking insult nod braving dUeaso that they may rescue their fallen sisters from tho grasp of loathsomo vice and reckless violence— I feel my heart go out to them in lore and admira tion. (Applause.) They are God's children. They are Christ's people. If the Master were here, I am sure that He would own them and honor them, and set them above me. If they don't shame all of us into more earnest self-denying efforts to fight the great foes of Christ and Imrnani'y, it must he because oar heurts nro cold, aud wo havo lost the glow of our first love. Again, I must say that in reading their book of doctrine and discipline I havo been very much struck by the sanctified common 8nse which to a very largo extent leaven its tcic'dog. It is old fashioned Evangolical Christianity, with a few of its excellencies, and also with some of what I should call its objectionable feature left out Tho firmness and fulness with which it insists upon holiness of heart aud life are most cheering. Ant-nomiunism as a doctrine is, I should say, iturosdble in tho Salvation Army, It is refreshing to see with wbnt trenchent com mon sense Mr. Booth demolishes tbe idea that a man can be living a twofold life— the one perfectly holy, and tbo other utterly fleshly. Itwaonlso somewhat of a aurpriso to me to find that this Authoritative book repudiutes tbo doc rine of siu less perfection. It is true tbat we stiB find in it the claim of "entire sanctffication," not only as an aim, but as a realised fact. But when wo come to aBk what is meant by "entire sanctiticatioD," we find a meaning attached to the words which is different from tbat which they naturallv convey. It is a kind of sanctiBcatinn, we aro told, which admits of growth, nnd which answers to tho pulling up of wends in a garden, in order that the nioro profitable plants tberoin may mako better and more fruitful growth. Thero is, of cuur-e, n great deal of confusion in this repre sentation. Tbe great weed is selfishness— tbo goo I pla' t is love. Selfishness cannot be entirely plucked up while love is yet imperseot ; for the only thing which hinders the perfection of love is tho presonco of selfishness. Wo must be prepa'ed, however, in a p pular movement like this for some confusion of thought and ex pression. If tbo .4 rmv Manual w-iuld only adopt some less misleading words than " entire sancti- fication" to describe ira meaning there would bo little to quarrel with npon this point But I fear tbe kind of people for whom . tho b ok is written will not cas ly distinguish between tho "sinless perfection," which it condemns and tho "entire panetification " which It affirms, Thero are again some excellent practical direc tions in tbe book for the conduct of mission ser vices amongst the poor. What am be better than tho reminder thm "any thine will ho pardoned bv tbo mob rather than dulhoss?" Ur what better directions could be given for the avoidanco of dulno-- than such as these:— "Short, sha»p spouking, full of facts and illus trations." "Plenty of livoly, sharp singing to plaintive or merry tunes— song tunes for pre ference." "Plenty of music. Music always means life nnd interest, nnd rover Irses its charm." "Never practise nor allow tom foolery." Might not -ome of our rubric worship pers study with advantage such directions as thcao when laying their plans to get hold of the less educated classes? (Continued ap plause.) Notbi 'g, to my mind, can be better than or.r ordinary services, judicially short ened aud varied, for people of iducatiou and reverent character. But these services are entirely out ot place when an effort is ra«de to get at tho roa:iir classes of our alienated home heathen. (Hoar, hear.) Ure tho chnrdb's services at the times appointed for them, by all means. But what is to prevent any of u< from having short, sharp speaking. liveB singing, and plenty of music at mission services, out of tho ordinary hours? (Cheers.) There is full liberty of pr pbesying for tbe clergy, full liberty of sing ing for the people, and if any one should toink himself restrictei as to prayers by tho clergy man's promise that "in pahtic prayer and ad ministration of tbe sacraments he will nso the form in the s&id; bok proscribed and none other, except so far as fhall be ordored by lawful autho rity " I shall be glad to authorise suitable prayers t o ho said out of canonical hours, mi far as 1 may. Of course, there is much in this book of tbe S&l-; vationArmy of which no English churchman can approve. There U a great deitl of narrow asceti cism. There is a contempt for tho results of honest nnd reverent thought which ia nothing less tbnn nmaring. Unless I hud read it, I would not Lave believed that an intelligent man could have advised hi officers never to read th news papers or anything connected with secular and religious literature, but to c>nfine themselves to the study of tbe Bible, the Sulvatioa Hymn Book, tbe general orders of the army, and the irorCry. (Continued laughter.) Again, what can anyone experience but s rrOw and rec il at such suggestions as the following, in ropect to bills and posters. After tho recoramcodation of glaring colors, and >o forth, it is suggested " thoy can bo carried about on au umbrella, on a man's hut, round his person like a church boll, with hits head out at tho top and his feet at the ' ottom— (laughter)— or in ten thousand different forms." And then, after these precious tggeati ns, it is added, to stir the imagination an i stimulate ingenuity, "In vent for yourselves." (Laughter.) Could tho man who wrote those Words have had in his mind his own excellent rule, "There must be nothing which would not bo in perfect harmony with tbo feelings of Jesus Christ, if Ho were present with you in the flesh." Can anvono imagine Jesus Christ send ng his apostles through Jerusalem so bedizened, or tolerating the kind of testimonies and the scenes of uproar which are permitted, and even encouraged, »t many meet ings of tbe army ? That is just what repels me. I can make great allowances when I remember tbo m ntal inertness, tbe rude vulgarity, the gross animalism of the classes principally addressed. But I cannot believe that much which is done at array meetings ia "in agreement with the feelings of Jesus Christ and 1 grieve to see imblo men and w. men, whom I love and a Irairo for their work's sake, condescending to such unwoithy vulgarities for any cause wnatover. I frar that inst-ad of lifting what they call "the mob" to Jesus Chris 's level, they wdl in time let the mob pull them down to its own. Ono thing more I must say has astonished and pained me in the doctrine of tho Salvation Army— the manner in which it deals with tho sacraments of tho Christian Church. Scanty enough surely is the ritual- which our Lord appointed, and how those whose proceedings aro throughout so ritualistic can (rent their Masters appoint ment in this particular with such contemptuous disregard 1 cm unable to conceive. Tbo question is nsked in the manual, "Does the army consider baptism as a duty which must bo performed V" And the answer is, "Deffdedly not." But who was it the" who said, "Uo into all tbe world an I make disciples of nil nations, baptising them into tho name of tho Father, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost, and teaching them to observo all things whatsoever I have commanded you ?" Jesus Ohrist says, m disciples by bap ising and by teaching. The army says teaching is enough, baptising i9 not necessary. The quibbling interpreta tions by which tho manual seeks to evade ibis dilemna show, 1 fear, som thing worse than ignorance. The question is asked, " Was not baptism by water quito a common rite nmoni; the early Christians?" And the almost incrndil lo reply is given, " Yes ; and so was cir cumcision, shaving the head, washing the feet of tbe saints, and many other Jewish ceromomcs." Surely tho thought must have suggested itself to the composer of this outrageous sentence— "Did Jesus Christ command His Apostles to makes dis ciples of all men by circumcising thara or shaving their heads?" Kay, wero not tho Gentiles for bidden to practise circumcision by tho same Apostle, wbo declares " all we, who were baptised into Jesus Christ, wero baptised into Hi3 death," and again, " As man of yon as were baptised into Christ did pub on Christ?" Each disingenuous trifling is simply amazing. Even worse nnd more inexcusable is tho slip-shod sentence which unswers tho question. " What is the teaching of tho nrmy on tho subject of the Lord's Supper?" "When such un ordinance," replies this astounding teacher, " is helpful to the faith of our soldiers wo recommend its adoption." So that everyone is to jndt'o for him self whether he will obey tbo Lord's plain com mand, "Do this in remembrance of Mc," nnd also whether ho "ill seek that great gift which is covered by tho words "This is My body; this is My blood," How could a man like Mr. Booth, ono naturally exclaims, givo utterAnco to such foolish nnd pcrni ious directions as these? We may be quite sure ibat mistakes of such gravity denote some great oversight, some lamentable omission of essential truth. And that 1 bolievo is tbe fact in tho present case. In answering the qncstion, " What did our Saviour do for us ? ' too Armp Manual replies— (1.) He made known his father's will. (2, ) He act forth a i erfect exam ;de for our meditation. (3.) He made an atonement for ourrins by his dentil. Thus Jesus Christ's connection with us would seem to cease with his death. Notono word is said about that vital union with Christ which follows belief, or aboutour con tinual communion in bis lif -f and all which follows from this. The Divine life in a man's soul s cms to be conceived of as an indepen dent cifi of God. It is not onco hinted that tho Holy Spirit only gives to us what Christ has gained nnd stored up for us in his new huinunity. And ye tbo Now Testament, and especially the Epistles of St. Paul, are fnll of this A man is a Christian because he is " in Ohrist because ho is related to Him ns tbe branch to tho vino, or as tho member of a body to the head : so that, except a inan " cat the flesh of Christ and drink his blood," be has no life in him. This esseotial truth tbo Army Manual drops out of its system — a circumstance all the more remarkable because it has so closo a con tie tion and affinity with another truth on which the A/aai/al delights to expatiate— the personal sanctitication of tho be liever. The result is twofold— (1) a mechani cal doctrine of tho Atonement, and (2) a me chanical, or at least unexplained, doctrine of the Holy Spirit. I believe tbat all tbe Army's offen sively m teridistic talk about " blood and tiro" is caused by this fatal omission. No one, of courso. can deny that St. Paul continually speaks of Ch'iBt'a death as a sacritico for tbe sins of the world. But in wbat sense? Docs any spiritual Christian believe that there was eorao tnag'cal charm in tbo mere bodily accident of Christ's death, or that in any literal sense Christ's blool will bo sprinkled on his conscionce? If not, then it may be asked why so ranch stress is laid in Scr pturo on tho blood and death of Christ? First, because it was by His death that Christ completed that sacrifice of His own will to God's which was required in the lepresen'ativc of sinful humanity, . and, s condly, because Ho could only prepare for us that new life which He camv to bestow by passing through death. Before our whole humnnity can be attentively sanctified, the life of Jesus, conse crated for us in His own person, must pass really, however mystically, into the roteral individuals wbo compose tbe race. Now, Christ's death was simply the most critical aud docisivo step to wards that consummation. That step taken, nil the rest must surely follow. Prom death Ho would pass to life again tbrongh the resurrec tion ;afier tho resurrection Ho would go from earth to heaven : that, becoming wholly "in spirited," He might shed forth the glo iou gift of rentecost. Each of these great events was a docisivo step in tho grand procession r tho Christ without passed on to become the Christ within— by w ick tL Babe of Bethlohem passed on through the streets of Nazareth, and the ways ot' Galilee, and tbo court of tbo Temple, and tbo Garden nf Agony, nnd tbo pains of -death, nnd tho king lom ot tbo shades, nnd tho golden sirsets ot u recovered Parodiso, into tho destined sanctu ary of tbo human soul to purgo it und sanctify it for God. (Applause.) Each of the was a step; but the critical, the decisive step, tu it which ended tho period of trial, nnd insured alltbore-t, was 'lie awful blessed deat i on Calvary. Just, then, as tbe martyrs death is SRtd to buy nil the political and religious results thereof, so is the death, tho < rose, the b ond of Jesus declared to be tbe means of our redemption and atonement with God on tho one side, and of oursnc -tification on tbo ctber. Now, that is what the Army bos never seen. And hence its vague, aimless, and sometimes irreverent talk about blood an < its efficacy. Hence, too, its prevailing idea tbat tbe office of Christ is confined to the giving of pardon, acd tbat after conversion the soul is committed to the ministry of the Holy Spirit, considered ns an independent source of grace. Hence the loss of that feeling (the deepest and most fruitiul of any in the Apostohc e'rureb) tbat at every instant tbe bou! is in living nnioa with tho living Redeemer : and that it i& in llira and from Him that tho Spirit ministers to us tho gifts and graces of the new life. And hence, also, that disdainful deprecia tion which wo deplore of tlie signs of all this in the sacraments appointed by our Lord to bo of perpetual and universal observance. Like two great pillars set at the entrance of tbe Divine Temple of Truth stand the two Christian sacra- ments in the New Testament, and upon them severally are these tw» inscriptions, "The life of God begins by union with Christ," and " The life of God continues and grows by main taining onr mron with Chris'." (Applause.) It, then, tho fact it elf of this vittl union be ignored, wbat wonucr tbat the signs and means of it uro depreciated ? You will reo that I have lieio marked a grave deficiency in tho doctrinal system oi the Salvation Army. It is right for our own warning and instruction tbat we sho -Id note)'. Otherwise we might surfer our people to fall into views which mutilate tho fair system of Christian truth, and into ways which may lead to tbo perilous neglect of plain Christian duties. But do not think tbnt i have made theso observations in tho spirit of antago nism. Very readily do 1 admit that it would be difficult to rind a Christian church which is not obnoxious to criticism ; and even more readily that our own comparative coldness, formality and want of elasticity arc shamed 'y the enthusiasm and practical resource of the Salvation Anuy. (Cheers.) Tho men of it I must need love ior their love of Christ, nnd for their valiant and de voted se'i sacrifice. Not tbe Lss, however, yea, nitber ail tbo more, is it nocess&ry; to uotice auy capital defects in .a new system ; for nothing is tuoro common or more dangerous than to let tho goodtiessof atnancovortbedcfectsof hisdoiHrin-. 1 am not >even without hope, so evident is tbo honest intention, so marked U the good senBC of the compiler or compilers of the A rmjt Manual, that some of the errors which I havo , ointcJ out may be ara-ndcJ, and a grand ettort of Christian lovo be mndo all tbe grander and tu re powerful, all tbo more secure and more useful, by conform ing more closely to tbe min i of Christ. pcitrrr. I Lave been credited by some with making a suggestion, fonnded on ay own large observation of the pbytic&l; characteristics -of otr twrtbera territory, whib may not be without its influence on oar mnt>rial prosperity- I will now mke ! another, which goes, I bolieve, very much j noarer to tho secret of our nat'onal and individual well being. It is that every true friend of Aus trails shall bend bis utmost energies, in tbtri for mative period ;»f onr history, to tho maintenance of social purity. The life of tho nation depen if on ibe life of the home, and that of tho home depends on the purity of the individual. The world is full of signs that the struggle for purity is to be the great struggle of our age. Have any of yon been driven by the sense of duty to read one or more of the terribly realistic sketches of tho most famons of modern French story tellers? If you have, perhaps you have thrown tbora down, alter reading a dozen pages, in impatient disgnst. I do not wonder if it ere »o- Sometimes, however, one is not pernffttod to yield to tho first righteous instinct. And, knowing as I do that one at least of tboso stories is the simple exhibition of facts in Parisian life, laboriously collected and thoroughly roliable, I overcame my disgust, and read to the cud. That hook is tho real record of French decadence, i do not wish to make too much of it. 1 know that thero aro puro populations in French villages, and I «ould fain hope tht the futnro of a noble race i9 » ot to ho determined by tho Jifo of its cities. Butahould 1 that h- po ho vain, the- I feel that I know tho end of the French nation ns certainly as if I had seen it arrive — in bloodshed, poverty and shame. It ia not, however, in Paris alone thut the fleshly Rcitool is lifting its brazen face, and inviting men in the outraged name of na'ure to dovote all tbe energies of their spiritual being to the indul gence of animal passion, and the glorification of carnal luxury. There is a fleshly aohool of poetry and art In England ; and mny, alas 1 of the so-called leaders of society arc making them selves (unwittingly it may be) tho tools of an .tstheticism which has for its heart the heart of a beast. (Hear, bear.) The apostles of that cult have visited our own land, and Liking ad vantage of tho temptations of a life, tree, bright, prosperous, and lived under an ardent si-n, have sought to justify or excuse that amongst ns which ia onr deepest shame. It is our boundcu duty 10 look this evil straight in the fn -e, to tear the mask off its painted features, and to over- como our shame in talking about that which is shameful, lest taking refuge in its foulness, this vile gosp " of the flesh should burrow unseen in tbe hearts of our young people, and only then re veal itself when it is too powerful t » be over come. (Hear, hear.) Its common subterfuge is that it is calling men to be natural. L-t u- see, then, if that be bo. Man has a body and bodily instincts, like the lower animal. Aa we sco in those animals it is the purpose of the instinctive passions to secure the preservation and con tinuance of £be species. In the lower animals those instincts operate beneficially, because they are followed ia blind unconsciousness. They come into active exorcise only wiih the presence of their appointed stimulants. With us it is otherwise. Superimposed upon our animal nature is one ot higher kind and finer qualuy, that conscious life of intellect, conscience and wi 1 which is the cole prerogative of man. Our higher faculties have tbeir Appointed objects— the wonder of God's wisdom in nature, tbe com plicated roiations of man in society, the great august realities of the supersensible sphere of re ligion a id worship, the history of the w->nderfnl past, the prevision of the more wonderful future. When our higher faculties go forth to their proper objecte, and find a worthy oxercise in their predestined sphero, tho instinctive pas sions aro left untormented to perform thoir beneficent purpose in man aa in the lowor creatures. It is pos3ibic, however, in an an- behoving materialistic age so to discredit some of the loftiest objects of human thought, and so to neglect others, as to drawdown all the glorious powers of our human nature into the low province of sense, and to bid them find their only excrciso in connection with tho pleasures and interests which meet tbeni there. What, thon, follows? That tho whole force of man's conscious life, of hi- far-reach ng intellect, of his po ently creative imagination, of his mastcritil will, and of the culturo which comes from memory and association, aro exerted to enlarge, intensify and diversify tho pleasure which belong to his lowly instincts. But tb so poor impulses wero never designed to bear such a strain, They and thsir purposes arc essentially simple. Eo pressed and strained beyond their capacity, tbey arc driven into irritation and ra mstrosity. Thoy become the fruitful source ot bodily disease, mental disquiet and emotional torment. They drag down the loftiest faculties of the soul into the mire of thoir unnatur d debasement. And at length by this horrible proses, man, made in the imago of God, is reduced to the imago of a beast possessed by the soul of a fiend— a crea ture without sense of dutv, thought of God, power of self control or capacity for self denial, (Applause.) Then the individual nnd national ruin 18 consnmtnnted. Then if a pestilence like the cholera makes ils appearance, it finds a nation of cowards who«o only 'bought is to oscape the natural death, which is their uttermost idea oi ovil. Then tho attack of a horde of savages, once fto more to them than that of so many wild beasts, becomes a terror and a danger. No man will suffer for his fellow— no mnn will run ri3ks for his fellow. Socety is ground down into n collection of selfish, non-cohering atoms, and, resolve 1 thus iuto its elements, perishes. It is nseless to deny that this yo >ng society of ours is threatened with such disaster, for the elements of danger lie all around us, and on the very surface of our life. Immigrants bring tbem from Europe, criminals bring them from New Caledonia, literature brings them so "Gtiinc openly displayed, some times subtlv hidden in stories, reviews and even philosophies. Aud the«e fruitful eerms of ovil fall on no uncongenial soil. T- ey find in a city like Melbourne a rampant lfirrikinism, im pudent, irreligious, idle, sell-indulgent, capable of forms of brutal vivo and crime which make tho blood run eoM ; they find a system of prostitu tion so hideonu thut its facts have to be hidden away from decent eye3 in Parliamentary blue books ; they find, loo, I fear, in some quarters practices ot immorality which, if less infamous, ; aro scarcely less pernicious than these, the existence of which no oue affects to doubt but those wh -se interest it U to conceal them. What, i hen, are wo to do in this strait? I answer at once— organise resistance to the evil It is not enough that we individually hate und avoid it. If we ore to resist it eilectua ly, to drive it back, nnd to deliver our children and the future race of tliia great and glorious country from rum. wr must create a public opinion which will not tolerate it— which will smite with tho whip of public shame and reproba tion any man, no matter how rich or great, who lends to it his countenance or the sup port of his example. (Cheers.) Law can wo something lor us by prohibiting and punishing tbe vilest fori: s of the evil. But law can never grapple effectually with a spiritual influence. Thoughts are things of too subtle a mould to bo grasped by tbe hand of a policeman. Impurity in a thing too secret and iutanjgib o to be set at tiio bar of a court. You may have a city as gay, as brilliant, as orderly as i'nris, and have at tbo name time (as Fire Hyacimho soys is tho case now) 15of0iKi barlrtv in Us houses, A spiritual force like this must be mot and encountered by a spiritual antagonist— ono which knows and seeks its enemy, which meets him at every point of social life, and will tolerate his presence nowhero. It is this conviction which has led to thotonmirion of a white cross union in our chimb. Wo resusew to adopt any badge, think-ng that oa such a subject as this at lo&st; our etloris inunt bo as rileut and unobtrusive as they arc teal and officio it, Wc refused to call our selves an army, d eading the uiUusion of that militury slangand of those mocking military titles which sooner or later make the best raovomcnts grotesque. We Lave a definite objoct— to resist the growth of impurity— and we adopt a definite means of resisting it, the power of tbe cross of Christ. These things we hare indicated in our white cross, and beyond that iu tho way of symbolism we do not intend to go. T-e society bopos to gain it< mombers among our young men. While, therefore, urging the clergy to push it for ward in thoir parishes, let me give to s'oung men a few reasons for enrolling thomseire in its ranks. The bc.sfc— it should be the all sufficient reason— 1 is furnished by tho natural relation which God has established between tho man and the woman. Man iB tho siroher creatnre— stronger in his physical development, stronger in ui intel lectual grasp, and stronger, far stronger in his force of will. Now, wh« has God timde this in- < equality of the ssxes anttural ordnance? We know tbnt in many species of the lower creatures the tomule is the stronger and more formidable nnim tl. Why, tbci, was it not so ordered in ihu human species ? It is rash to attempt to speedy final cnus, but we rannot go wrong, in looking for an answer to such a question, in tbe direction of tbe faculties which uro oculiar to th human race. Man nlo..o among earthly creatures has a moral consciousness, and it is upon obedi ence to the imperative dictates of this con sciousness th:i:-his worth and happiuoss mainly depend. Wh:-.:, then, is tiro secret of moral health :nd grcalue-is? It is the subordination of tho selfish to the altruistic impulses. Let a human being forgot self in dovoteJ servico to whut is weaker t the high rod to moral nobility. For womnn, the natural stimulus to such self- forg<;Uulne-s is furnished by the relation of tbo mother to th s child ; for man, by the natural woakuues and clinging dependence of tbe woman. Why is the weaker api-ointol to bear the pain and hrlpiessuess ot maternity— why is sUj for so largo a part of her life, especially in civilised communities, absolutely dependent ou man for subsistence and protection? Why is her nature set to the law of thee natural conditions, so that, without effort or scn»e of disharmony, she can accept a position of depcudonc- and trustful love, feeling it her greatest joy to give heraclf lo her beloved ? Tbat she muv be to tbo m&n; what her chili is to her, and that thus our whole wcudroua human It fo tuy become ono great school of virtue. The equality of mere aiora- ism is simply a school of eelfiriraess, a provocation of strife, an organisation of egotism und di&'crJ. Harmony, tore, mora! de velopment, implies distinction aud gradations of functions and poweiy. And, therefore, is such dUtincriou aud gradation made u p-irt oi onr very nature. We look for a time when tick n ess, poverty and misery -shall le indefinitely dimin ished. If, tb- reforc, tbe altruistic and vyuipa- tlu'tic instincts depended on tho mere service and relief of suffering, it wouid eeotn as if men must become less moral us the raCe grew happier. But this is &3 far as possible from being the cue. If sickness, destitution and sorrow were banished from the world fo-morrow. the ! helplessness of tbe child would still call for tho relf-dovotion of tho mother, tho weakness of the woman for (he chivalrous and knightly devotion of thi man. Still, and for ever, tho Christian law of unselfish service 1 the law of the nobis life : still, and for ever, tbe cross of seif-sncrifico is the Bymbol of a ureat aud gentle nature, (.'an we eey, then, on the warrant «;f nature, not lass than ou tbnt of Scripture, that tbe m&n; is the head of the woman? Then, it follows that tbe man is bound to & rre tbe wouiau, and to use his utmost Btrcngib to guard her from scth and wrong. (Applause.) Feel tenderly to oven woman — the humblest and plainest— feel that it is unworthy of your manhood to abuse her divinely lmp'anted trust in you, and readiness to sacrifice herself for you— feel that it is iw ranch the action ot a cu and a blackguard to wrong % woman as it would be to oppress a child, and then your manhood will grow, your courage, your solf- control, your chivalrous gentleness, and it will be with more right than tho proud Douglasos of ol< tbat you will write upon your shield "Tender and true." (Applause.) Who are the strong men, tho bola men, the men of such high knightly character that all look to tbcm for 1 lending, and loan on them in danger? They are the puro hearted men, the men who look on women as sacred boings, made sacred by tbeir wealcnoss nnd trustfulness, and, above all, by their holy fonctions as priestesses of the home. If man bo the head of woman, woman ia the heart of man, tb- natural fount of tboso holier nnd te dercr feelings which are too often dulled or dried up in the hard conflicts and Belfish iu- terests of bis life. Tha1 is nhy It is a liberal education to live with a pure, high minded woman. She elevates a man's motive, stimulates his imagination, purifies bis feelings and u>da tenfold to his moral force and influence, whether in the church or (he state. (Applause.) Woe to him, then, if iu bis passionate selfishness h cor rupts bis hea't and abuses a weakness which was associated with his life to call out its noblest and most chivalrous impulses. Careful observers of human life have often been surprised at the sa tlo, wide reaching degeneration of character which attends sins of impurity. Their influence seems to reach to the distant recesses of tho spirit, and to havo a power of breaking down and de'eri-TAting every moral impulse, which is liko nothing so much as that which 13 exerted by certain subtle poisons npon the bodily tissues. Wbcaco then, it has l-een Asked, docs this siu derive its treinendou-ly noxious and far-rcachiog power? I think 1 have already answered tbat question. From its intrinsic i aaeness ; from tho continually hardening force of selfishness which is required to shnt the tars to that voiceof woman's sutler- ing, which, as the sin dovelopes its conse quences, pleads so mightily to man's natural pity : above at!, from the extinction of that divinely appointed stimulus of man's sympa- tbeti impulses which is furnished by the pure relation of husband and wi e, of youth nnd be trothed maidoo. Trample on woman, and yon trample on your own moral na uro. Respect woman, e re for her, work for her, give her knightly shelter and protection from the human beasts who w»uld wring a moment's ple-suro from her ruin, and with continually accelerating force, in secret unconscious ways of which we Can give no account, you shall find the loftier emotions ga ning sway in your heart, and touching your lite to finer issues. Boheve me, tho maintenance of purity in tho relations of tho sexes is vital to national greatness und prosperity. (Applause.) For in tbe relation of husband to wife, of p&ront; to child, through long gradations of mutual tenderness and support, each is bound to each and all "with golden chains Hbout the feet of Go'." Break once th«'80 golden links of loving help and service, and all tbo strong bonds of civilised society will bo weakened and loosed men will bo driven asunder into selfish atomism, and tbo whole firm structure of tbo commonwealth fall into ruin. (Ap plause.) Resolve, then, that whatever be the temptations which assail you, yon will resist them in the tnight of Christ, that never by any act or word of yours will yon become gnilty of tho murder of a woman's body and soal ; that if yon nee somo conp.cienccbss wretch stealthily wotving tho web ot scdnction round a helpless maiden's feet, yon will with all yonr strength rend it in pieces and take tho con sequences. (Applause.) Fight down tho ape within you. Trust in tno might of Uim who is greater than the world. Bo vigilant— be confi dent. So nigh to glory I our dust, i So tvlgh la Go I to man. When iluty whispers low, Thon must, The soul replies, ! can. And by way of strengthening this resistance of your individual will, Like measures to create a public opinion which shall bo a terror to every evil do r. Law, as I have saia, can do but little, but pnblicopinion can overawe and bridlotbemighiicst transgressors in the world. Organise yourselves, there. oro, into r. vast white cros3 union, the members of which shall bo pie iged to stand toge ther, to seek the life of the King of Purity in Holy Commii'don, and to strike with all thcr collective force against the dark fiend of Roeial corruption. You not only double your strength, you increase it a myriad-fold by association. Yon gain thus tho force of sympathy, the codro'ious- ncss that a thousand - minds aro perfecting your plans. A thousand '.bands are Bustiin- ing your wcrk ; a thousand voice nro swoil- ing yonr prayers. You will thus create a literature, a propaganda of pority ; above all. a banded might of righteous opinion, before which the boldest libertine will shrink and falter. (Continued applause.) Oh : whether you be young or old, think, 1 pray you, of the holy names of sister, wife nnd mother ; think of all too holy influences which s ream forth upon an evil world from the relations which those sacred names represent, and resolve, ono and ail, that under no sky from which the sun fhincs down, shall those names have a hoi er, tenderer meaning tb&n; in thin faT land of our birth or adoption. Do mncb and dnro much in this bleised cause, revolving that if you cannot conquer at onco, ut least yon will do what iu you lies to prepare tbe victory for a cohsing generation. Remember what the poot bas said about that glorious defeat which is the pledge and condition of ultimate victory— Ther ouitalked thee, htss'd thee, tore thee— Better men fared thus before thee : Fired their ringing shot and passed, Hotly charged, and sank at kt9L Chnrgo once more then, and bo dumb ! Let the victors, when they come, When the forts of folly fall, Find thy body by the wall! THE CLERflT. One word to the clergy, and I have done. For a whole g neration the ministers of religion have been prosecuting heir work under tho pressure of crippling disabilities. From a past fnll of mistakes and shortcomings they inherited a popular distrust, which identified them with tho party of privilege und reaction. Again, with out any fault, of their own, thoy found themselves confronted by a parasitic philo sophy, which, winding its poisonou. and strangling arm about tho healthy trunk of modern science, craftily identified itself with that which it concealed, and created tbe pretended conflict between religions and scientific troth. Once more, an if these difficulties wcro not enough to test tbeir courage and resourco, Chris tian ministers in these southern lands have had to contend with all the disadvantages of division, competition, poverty, exhausting toil aud the thousand privations attendant on tho rough and ever chunking circumstances of a new settlement. Their life has been a hard one, and, if at times oppressed and weary, battling des perately with adverse influences, nnd de pressed by indifference or contempt, they buve felt as though their efforts were hopeless, who nmongst us ib entitled to qucHtion tbeir fidelity, or to stand apart and say, I am holier tbun thou ? It has been a weary fight for many. But take courage, my beloved brethren. Tbe clouds are lilting, the stum bling biookfl are being rolled away. He whom we have served in the darkness is visibly coming out of His place to ho or His faithful servants, And to prove to t< em once ng>un that Ho is the L»rd of man's heart, And that not one of bis words of promine shall fail of its fulfilment. Bo it oars then to cast away every theory, however vooerable, which is more or other tlitm His words will jos'tfy, to affirm boldly everything which He has taught us, however apparently paradoxical or opp sed to powerful interests ; to set Him forth fullv as lira Friend of the poor, the Saviour of tho sinful, tho Divine Founder of thut King dom of God in which strength is to br. the ser vant of weakness, love the destruction of privi lege, and tho brotherhood of man tbe crowning glorv of the Gospel of the Fatherhood of God; and then sooner perhaps than we have ventured to hope, and ia tecr t marvellous ways past mau's finding nut,' tbe heart of tbe w- rid shall be opened to receive our mesouge, t» rejoice with us in its hlesse tiess, and to cherish it &s; the truth and tbe power of God. (Long continued ap plause. ) HOURS OP MEETING. The Registrar moved— That during the present session thfs & every week day, except Saturday, at three o'clock p.m.; that It odjourn at six o'clock, ami meet n-ahi at half pa t soven p.m. That at tho afternoon s ti the orders of tho day take precedence of n uicos of motion, and that any debate In progress when the assembly adjourns at six shall in the evening be post poned until after tbe notices of motion have been disposed of. The motion was carried. THE TRUSTEKS AND VESTRIES ACT. Mr. Donaldson moved for leave to introduce a bill to amend section 50 of the Trustees and Vestries Act 187$, as follows To omit the word 'one-sixth1' in line 1, and to in- eert tho word "cue-fourth" in lUu thereof. To Add the follow ng words as an additional paragraph "i he proportion of teats herein reserved ts tree shall be of tho eatne construction, material, design and finish a- the scat for which rent Is charged; and anv oiher aitdng accommodation shall not be reckoned ns patt of ttic one-sixth (or one-fourth' as may be determined) part of the whole number of sittings abovemcniioned. The motion w&3 agreed to, and the bill was read a first time. BILL AMENDMENT. Mr. Akehorst moved for l-ave to bring in a bill to Amend Act No. 4, 1877, section C, by substi tuting for tbe present proviso at the end of the section the following words:— Provided that uo person shall be elected or nomi nated by the iilahop wbo is not a member of the oitembly- Tbe Decenary leafe was graatcd, and tbe ecu sideration ot the bill was adjourned nntil tbo fol lowing day. THE TOtJNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. Tbo secretary rood a letter from the eocretary of the Young Men's Christian Association, invit ing the members of tbe as mbly during their stay in town to make every nso of tbo ball. The invitation waa accepted with thanks. The assembly then adjournal until tbis after noon. 