Flotsam and Jetsam. That Dreadful Man. BY MRS. M. L. RAYNE. DEACON SOUTH brought me a letter. It was from my [?]phew Tom, and read: Dear old Aunty: I ve lost every, cent of that money. Spec was "♦«. Wbat'stobeoomeofHetUeandthebaby? Your unlucky Ton. -wSf 1"*1 lt om taT h»H-«ten supper. 5 v j™7 89 ec*<«*«" «P on my intellectual forehead, and wrinkled my pug nose with disagreeabfc thoughts. It seemed that I had not escaped domestic troubles by refusing Jy* J^*™ fytom to marry Hiram Grim wood. Single life had its vexations, too. Tom was toy favourite nephew—my dead sister's •wy child—and from the hour I took him from »is nurse's arms in petticoats and brought him home to be the joy and torment of my life he had kept me stirred up. Measles and T"irtakea were the principal themes of his baby days, and love and lawlessness attacked him in turn as he got older. I never drew a free breath till he was safely married to pretty little Hettie Maynard, oht minister's daughter, who had all the sense of the family, and the good looks, too. I was meet as much in love with her as Tom X*"' tort »he had one fault-she didn't see t*ro«gh Tom, and thought his wild goose chases were sensible! legitimate ways of making Sf° neX* J^ways could take care of my money myself. Giving Tom money was like pouring water into a sieve. But Hettie believed that Tom was the greatest business man in the world, she believed everything that boy told her and even persuaded me into believing in him, too. •iEST KJ** d? ne I had advanced him 91000 of the modest inheritance which would be his upon my death, on his sacred assurance that he would double the money and return ■ne the original sum. And he had gone and lost every dollar of it .VJ be. l»me*nd the lair are always pro wdS torZ l thought bitterly. "Of course Hettie an.d the baby can't starve. 11l go down tq the city and bring them up till he «•*§ something to do, the scamp." xiow I am an old maid and live alone since 4om married, and it didn't take me long to shut the house up. I lent the cat to my next door neighbonr, told her she might have him for his keep till I came back, and the bird I took with me for company and safe- keeping. Somehow, as I was getting ready to go, my heart grew light and before I knew it I was singing an old love-song, though what put it into my head I can't tell. It's twenty years since Hiram Grimwood went to California, and I reckon he's been dead the most of that time, or married, which is about the same. When I had put on all my things with my back to the glass I turned round and there •tood a strange woman. She gave me an awful start " Good mornln'," I said; "how ever did you get in?" Then I saw it was myself and I laughed and laughed. I had on the same black bombasine dress and bonnet I wore when Tom's mother died, and as that was about fourteen years ago they had come back to fashion and I looked quite stylish: and ever since I had the fever my hair has been short and curly, and it hung over my eyes just the way the girls wear it nowadays. I declare I looked so young I didnt know myself. WeU! it's a true saying that there's no fools like old fools, and the Lord didn't make no exception of me. When I got to the station everybody stared at me as if I was a show: I didn't take any baggage 'cause I warnt going to stay. So I only had a box with a clean calico in it, and a bundle of sweet-herbs for the baby, and some new shirts for Tom, and the bird-cage, and my umbrella, and a clock I wanted to get repaired in the city. ' *^ " AU aboard !" yelled the conductor. " I dont see any board." I said, politely, and a man gripped me by the arm and pulled me on just as the cars started. Then I heard some one ask: "Who is the innocent old party V* But I didn't see any party, and I guess they got left Talk of adventures. I could write a book full of what happened to me on that trip, but it would sound fike a romance and nobody would believe it Ah! friends, truth U stranger than fiction, and I can prove it When I got my things settled in the car I felt kind of homesick and lonesome. There was the old cat left among strangers at one end of the journey, and Tom in distress at the other end, and I kind of swinging between the two, and I thought of the beautiful hymn that says— " This world is all a floating shoe." And—now, don't laugh—l just laid my head down on the back of the seat before me, and cried. I wouldn't have let Tom know it for the world, but I did! There was a man in that seat but he did not take any notice of me. His face was covered with whiskers and he looked kind of stern, but a real good-looking sort of chap, too. I thought it was him that touched me, and I {umped as if I was shot, but it was the prettiest Ittle blonde girl of 161 ever saw. " Will you please let me sit with you V she said, and her voice was just like a bird sing ing, and she had a little white hand au cushiony and dimpled on my black bomba sine arm. I'm a grumpy old thing myself, and I felt like saying as I heard the rest do, "this seat's engaged," but when she looked at me with her sweot violet eyes I just gave in and said: " Certainly, my dear, sit right down." I suppose the sweet child saw I was crying, for she kind of snuggled up to me and wanted to see the bird, and praised him, and he chirped to her, and she told me her sad story how she had come all the way from California and was an orphan going to seek a living in the great untried world. I came near cryiagagain then, but I remem bered where I was and straightened up. "Did you ever know a Mr. Grirawood in California?" I asked. Not that I cared to know what had become of Hiram, but I just did it to make talk. " I—l didn't know many people," she said in her pretty bird-like voice. "I went to school till my dear mother died and left me alone and pe-en-niless!" She was crying then and the man in the scat before us turned straight round and stared at her. I gave him a look, I tell you, and he turned away again quicker. And sho had to go at the next station. I never felt so sorry to part with any one, and he actually put her pretty arms about my neck and kissed me, just m if ihe had known me all her life, sweet thing I But what does that man do bat lariat on car tying her satchel out to the platform, and all the Om© the can waited he topped out there talking to her. I couldnt hear what they ■aid, but I saw her give him something and her face was red and she was just as angry as ■he could be, and as the car moved off I called to her; but she never took any notice, she was that vexed about something! I just made up my mind that he made her pay him for carrying that satchel out, and it didn't seem as if any man could be so mean. After a while the man came back and sat down in the same seat he had occupied all along, and—would you believe it —he had the audacity to try and start up a conversation withfiM. '' Have you the time Vhe asked, as impudent as you please. Of course I have the time," I answered, in a huff. " i never travel without it." It was the first time I had been anywhere for ten years, but I didn't propose that he should know it. "Would you mind telling me what time it is r he asked, politely. " Soft soap doesnt go down with me." I looked square at him as I answered. "Why don't you carry a watch yourself and not trouble ladies f He actually smiled. Then I thought maybe he would suspicion that I didn't nave any watch, nothing but a gold chain for show, so I took hold of it Goodness gracious 1 My watch was gone! I stood right up in the car and screamed at the top of my voice : "Fire! murder! thieves I I've been robbed! Stopthe carsl" "Hush !" said the man in front of me in a stern voice. "Matilda Jane, sit down and keep quiet; it wout do any good to scream I nearly fainted. He called me Matilda Jane, ana there never was but one person in the world that always gave me my full name, and that was Hiram Grimwood. I pinched myself to see if I was alive. * That pretty girl took tout watch,'* he said, and it was his voice this tune. " Neverl" I said indignantly. " Too may be Hiram Grimwood or his ghost and if you are you've no right to come back here and tell lies. That poor child steal, indeed I" '* Matilda Jane, you haven't changed a bit," said that dreadful man. "You're just the same trusting unsuspicious soul you used to be. That * poor child' is an adventuress of 30. She came into this car on purpose to rob you." "My purse is gone," I gasped, "and every cent I had with me, and a check—Oh, Tom ! Tom! There's another fool in the family 1 111 just throw myself on the track." I suppose I mast have been temporarily deranged, as they say on lories, for the next thing I knew I was at the door of the car struggling with some one, who held my hands so I oouldn't move, and then I broke down and cried, for this was what that dreadful man whispered in my ear: "Matilda Jane, I have enough for as both, and, if you love me as I love you, no knife can cut our love in two." We had hardly talked matters over, and accounted for each other through all these long years of parting, when we got to the town where Tom lived. We took a carriage—at least Hiram, ahem! Mr. Grimwood did-and we drove right to the house (a little nest in the outlines) and got there just as Tom and Hattie were sitting down to a strawberry shortcake big enough for a dosen. They were laughing and carryinf-on like two children, and I declare they were so glad to see me they nearly devoured me off hand. " Oh, Tom, Tom," I waited. " here's your old aunt, who didn't know enough, when toe Lord rained common sense, to hoist her umbrella. Tom, the moneys gone." "Never mind the money," cried Tom. "Moneys a fool to this 1 Give us another hug, old girl! Say, aunty, suppose you introduce your pal!" That wicked boy! But I had forgotten al about having company. " It's an old friend," I said, blushing like a goose: " Mr. Grimwood, Tom?* " Oh, Uncle Hiram." said the wretch; " I've heardofwwaUmyUfe. You're right welcome here," and he pinched my poor arm till the tears came. I postponed telling about the robbery until we had eaten nipper, but I had hardly said the first word, when Hiram took out my watch and purse and laid them in my lap. " Why, then, Hiram, you—you are the rob ber !" was the next smart speech I made. "Not quite, ma'am," said Hiram, and he didn't seem a bit vexed. " I said a few words to that' sweet child' and she quietly handed me your property. I'd been watching her all the time and she knew it Now, Tom, your aunt is not fit to travel alone, is she V " Of course she isn't," said that mischievous Tom. " She needs some one to keep her from throwing her money away. By the way, aunty, ray little spec has turned out all right You shall have that money for a wedding settlement if you're good," " And you'll be married right here with us," said Hattie, giving me Tom's baby to kiss. "Me first,' r said Hiram, ducking his head. "No fools like old fools," said L " Don't muss my collar, Hiram." " Bleu you, my children," said Tom, but the tears shone in hit bright eyes and his voice trembled. And we were blessed.— DttroU Frss Frus. 