~i'"WINNINGA' WIFE AND -A STEEPLECHASE. (Concluded.) For many days after my foolish remark to old-Warl!ey did"imentally -curse.myself-for librig been so foolish u to provoke him, and when LizzIe came home from her visit .ahealso looked serious when I told herwhat, '-6Itii'I haid'i~ idaof yidsell"7t" B there was nothing that ,pggesteditself to us but waiting for,the ealt an.,in my own mind, though I tid inlpire.Lizzie with hope, I knew there was. dot the ghost of a chance for me, for a few trials at the distance with :r Don Pedro had, proved to me that I could r: not live with him for three miles, though I .-.made -t very merry for hi.m-for"two. . Jem also helped me all he conld in preparing Bayard for the coming ~truggle. He knew the position in which I stood with' Mr. ' :Warley,,and I believe if I had been treacher .-onoa-enough to ask.him tololie;: h would r have beenvery much tenmpted to dd so'; but : we had Comet to beat, and if I couldn't stiy \- with-the Don, my chance of beating off an -old veteran like Comet'was a very remote one.- There was nothing for me to do but to trust' in Providence and my 'good luck, and-my heart was very;heavy for, the few weeks preceding the races. . ' How' is that bullock of yours coming on! the old chap used to remark with a chuckle, sbmetires of an evening; it appears to me he'goes slower the longeryou train him. I wouldn't bother about him if I was you ; he ne"d'? loa Lultreau dsQ8t &gin; t"s'' Lizzie, who used to look pitifully at me in return. ".Ihad my revenge out of him, how ever, at his favorite game. I neverhad such luck in my life. It had become almost a matter of certainly my beating him four or five games out of every six, and although ;I * secretly enjoyed his suppressed wrath, ,I knew it was only tending to harden the old man against me. I couldn't try and lose, for the old chap would have detected me at once and been very wrathful, so I went on beating him every night, to his intense dii gust. The crisis of my fatewasapproach nearer every day. Af for Lizzie, she as to haunt the stable and caress Bayard when. ever she got a chance, doubtless under the impression that her fair hands and soft voice would have an immense influence in perana4. ing him to do the best he could inthe forth .. coming struggle. The long looked for and fateful day rapidly approached, and'as Jim and I passed SMr. Warley two days before the races to proceed.to Tambo on our respective steeds, a look of pride passed over his countenand as he noticed the splendid condition and proud bearing of the Don, and, turning to me with the first smile I had seed on his face for some weeks, he said kindly 'I.am sorry for you, my lad,' but you know, I suppose, by this time; you have no chance with Pedro-Jim has told me so, ans if I wereyouIshonld save the horse and you self any useless trying for an impossible r I felt very bitter towards him' before' h spoke so kindly to me,'and I reined up m . horse, letting Jim pass, and said, in a'pl ing tone •Is there no chance of youraltering' yo mind, ir!' 'None, my boy,' he replied; I never break my word.'.. ' Well, then,' said , 'I will win or break my neck.' ' 'Not much fear of either,' he replied, laughingly; ' you can't win, and I think that * nag of yours is of too sensible a breed to let you do the other. Good-byefor the present I shall be in Tambo myself to-morrow, and Lizzie will be with me: 'Don't look so stupid,'you young fool. What is afew year * to wait! I. never married till I was over thirty.fire. Off you go ! Good-bye again, an an judgment was' cor rect, and that I wasn't in it.. The two days we spent in Tambo were fully occupied in variousways. Jim and I had a couple of 'quiet flutters round ths course, both of us negotiating the jumps in a very satisfactory manner.. We also sai the Brisbane favorite doing a abort spin, his easy style of jumping causing Jim tolool rather serious. S'We shall harelmve trouble to shake that fellow off,'observed Jim, as Comet pulled up and quietly walked round for a couple of tunso.' We must bring him down if we can I ouhr can't win, and the old man will break his heart' if the Don loses. You force the pace, and I'll wait on him atthe finish.' 'And I lose my chance,' said I bitterly,' 'if I ever had one.' " ' It's very hard,' replied Jim, sympatheti ally,"bu nt beliere me youhaven'ta ghost of d a chance, and if the old man seesyo n helpin \- me, he might torn round and alter his mind Safterward about you andeMiss Lia?e." 'Not much fear,'asidI. 1 know him to .waell for that, but,' anyhow, 'yi shan'tlose if . I can help it.' ' e, p"''' ' On .orietres I found ?tri Warleyand.bhi -daughr had arrived; and dring the day the -old iellow backed his horse fora pretty stiff amount,, the Brisbane betting men who had accompanied Comet from town offering to go' 'eon tlfurther orders. They' also ' acked Comet for a stake, taking very short odds from the local people, and'two hours before the race he wau the favorite at even money. I sh.ll never forget o that're. Iappeare? to be in .adream from the timel came on the 'eourne till it as all over, when I scemed to, 'waks up suddenly:; Th~ e were several minor events to com, on"isMfe- the big 'race, aund'I a*itered'aboutwith Lauie iid r.Ir. 'rle e, 'with'a great coat o'ier my jockey i??ipre.I tending to listen to what they were tfalking about, all the time'not'understauding hirdly a word they'said: " My'thonght ,raudereil 'away from every subject but one, and that' one the most :importanit one. ' Lizy also; seemed unusually dull, and well she lo'ghet, for I. told her that I ounldn't possibly wiso The old gentleman,' who was in the bighes .spirits, seemed to look upon the race as hkis Sown, and the money in his pocket ' - - i 'Comid 'and haves glass of chdifiagasebe. fore you Otart,'said he; 'it will help to msake you look more oheerlnt- toa nelows think . they are sore to win with Comet,' bit they I werenever more mestaken in their live.: ' * don't believe; if a 'horse'came diwn frtIn heaven, he mold bet the Don to-day. Insr saw anorse .sfotin mmy life.' :O, afterjst t w etingmylis with the'wine,' I 'hobk hands witia 'the' pair 'of-'them;'and 'proceeded 'to moant: layard-:a·nd give him alieliminiity -alongside of Comet, u Jiin:mhdn't apponred yet .'I noticed the jock'ey kept gldning it my horses an witook stride for stride half way round the course, and th?n walked them' 1 .back agaun, nd he said-- '"" .'Thatisalprettyomiver ofyouns ii" D? 'he'feneewell?' .'r" you can't live with me orfothe first tw mles, .- d'out think yon will see mcch of me at the' '.,'I eaud:this:in order to induce him to rate ,me,eo as t,'hdlp'thtr o. " ·r: Dn;. An amsmu|lkrtin came or' hisnot" ory handsome face, as hereplied-- - • -'*You won't find me farbehind at'the ead. 'I1 bet you a' hndred' I beat'yos, at any 'Ill 'ly..fifty-yoo don't,' said I, reck, lemly. \- .-And. anwe arrived: at thh startiin?g post, 1 oaw him whisper, to. his owner, who looketd ...all oerBayard,.and' offered toiay me oobeir r .'piny "didn't beat Coitit. , : .? : , I ;, - .;'.Jim, whoi was zInog;side~of. mce,'woi-lnkd it warirl gly,endItooknonotic of?so ffr . In w anther moment we were off, Jim whisper$ lrg before we started that he would give me a lead over the first jump. It all seems like a dream to me now as it did then. I could see nothing, think of nothing but the task before me;- and after the first jump I forged- - ahead at a pace that left both in the rear. There were only three starters, two horses having been scratched, and for the firatroend Ilooked all over a winner.: A roar ient'" p as I passed the temporary stand, at leas a1 hundred yards ahead, with Blayard still poll ing like a demon, and going well within hlii self, a slight hope' anrising n my mind that. he might last. As I came to the last fene of the second round, I heard a roar, add knew something had happened, but I couldn't look behind, as the fence was in front of me. I had no sooner got over than I looked b hind me, and saw only Comet corhing, withja wet sail, and bverhauling me at every stride. I knew then that the Don had either baulkd' or fallen, and my heart sunk within me asnh heard the thud of the horse behind me, add felt Bayard'leaving off pulling; a sure sili that he had had nearly enongh of it. He wa still going pretty freely, but I feltunro'tie next half mie would about settle my chanc. Two junipm from home, and about half a mile from the winning post,Comettwas along side of Bayard, and in a second was pastm, the jockey, with a grin, saying-' I've got you, young 'un,' as he swept away towards the next jump, which was a stiff log one, about four-foot-ten, a very nasty thing to try after such a saevere race. 1 watched himsend his horse at it in a most determined style, the horme deliberately baulked, and his rider turned him round for a fresh attempt. In!a moment I gave Bayard his head, and rushdd him right at it, and in the next moment we we were both.over, and both on-the ground the other side. -I was up in an instant, so was my horse, and, not having let go the reins, I was mounted and off in a second, after'a glance backwards as soon as I had settled myself in the saddle. 'This glance; however, showed me that Comet still declined to try the'timber, nor could he be got over at all that day. The pace for the firet two miles had been too warm for him, or something had interfered with his temper; anyhow, he was disposed of for the remainder of the race, bit Don Pedro was coming yery fast, and threat ened to beat the pair of us unless I could keep Bayard going and clear the next jump, whichwas only a small three-foot hurdle. , ' Keep' it opold man,' I shouted, patting him instinctively, as another'shout told me the Don had cleared the logs, but by this time I was close to the hurdle, my horse nearly done and going allabroad. Itwas use less me tsying to lift him over the fence, so I sent him straight at it, and the old fellow sent it flying into smithereens with his chest, and we were in the straight,'tio Don nearing me every stride,. The straiglhtwas a very short run, and if ever a man' and horse worked to. get to the winning post we did, and when it was passed I had not the slightest idea as to who was the winner,, so close were we together, and as we ,pulled up Jim said- - , . - 'I think I'velicked you, George, and I'm sorry for itbut, I was bound to win if could. I had a nasty fall at the back, an thought I was out of it, but whenI saw Comet baulk, I thought I could come fast enough tb lead you at the fnish.' n : " But he was wrong.. The judge's decision was Bayard by a short head, and if ever a man was elevated'to..the seventh heaven of happiness, it was yours truly. : i Two months afterwards Lizzie and I were married, the old gentleman asking me as i favor to sell him Bayard. I didn't; I gave the horse to him,.and-manya race the'old fellow won afterwards, I- can tell yo; but, ef course,- he came into my possession when thl old man died and left us everything. That wasomeohs r n 