General Gordon's New Book. « Reflections in Palestine, 1883,' by General C. G. Gordon, is a book certain to attract attention, but it is one not easy to characterise. The. author wrote - from Khartoum on the 3rd of March, regardingits . publication, ' I am very interested in the rook, for it - may tend to show God dwelling in us.' A few dayB later he added, ' Two passages (2 Chron. xiv. 11 and ' 2 Chron. xx. 12) are helpful to me this day under my present difficulties.' As to the book itself, it may be briefly described as, in the main, hortatory and : MNuritiVA. nVcmmonte that dm inl araU v - familiar to alL - The peculiarity Is in ihe manner, ? whieh 'is certainly original, and : arrests attention where the substance of the discourse would hardly Command it. A few passages may be selected at random ~ as illustrating the reverent attitude of the writer towards revealed religion. He writes: — ' We should read the Bible lovingly, and thereby make a fair and just aUowance (which does us good), for many of the characters are therein described faithfully ior our food. I am thinking of Abraham, of the people of iiph, of David, and .others.' He -describes David's character as 'one of no deoeit, except about (1) the - Philistines and (2) Uriah ; but even in those cases — I say, even in -his deceit — he relied on God.*' He adds — and this sentence closes the book — ' If we knew well ^ the outline of Bible history, we coiild soon fill it out by the help of the Spirit- of LoV'e.' In another j place, alluding to the lack of spiritual insight i in others, he accounts for it ' by people not reading ttia 1*1 ? » L. - ? ? II *f .L ? ? 1 .7 WW AUCiC) JUSSayfif ' UUIB NOV Ul all ignorance. It is quite impossible for man to know God but by the Holy Ghost's tuition, by TTi« own written word, which He, the Holy Ghost, wrote him self, though He spoke through, the lips of the prophets.' Again, he remarks : ' In family and public worship how little is read of the Bible, compared with -man's words! Take a' sermon which lasts frt-m 20 minutes to an hour ; as a rule a single verse or two is taken, and the preacher's opinion on that text occupies the time; verses may be brought in here and there to . support his argument.' Then he adds, with an in cisiveness that will be misaed by some readers, and paraphrasing a well-known proverb,' ' Isolated, pas- sages of the Bible and detached portions may be may be made to support almost any opinion.'7— - Christian World. 