SYDNEY SKETCHES. BY HAROLD W. H. STEPHEN. The Art Gallery. PART I. THE Sydney Art Gallery is a wooden building in the Domain, which was erected for the display of the pictures sent to the International Exhibition. It is sufficiently capacious for the purpose, bnt the light is not all that could be desired, especially in the sculpture gallery. Its chief defect is the heat engendered by a galvanised iron roof, which has already resulted in serious damage to many pictures. For example, the fine landscape, "The Curse of Gowrie," by Hargitt, has a large crack across the middle, and must be sent back to the artist for repair, as has been done already in the case of Gow's "Siege of Leyden." However, the present Government have selected a site for a new building (that now occupied by the District Court, &c.;), and the work will soon be commenced. Under the same roof, will be located the Public Library, a School of Design, and the Technological Museum. At present there is no School of Design in connection with the Art Gallery, but students can obtain, on application to the trustees, admission to the gallery, where there is a large collection of casts from the antique, &c.; The pictures are hung on a background of maroon cloth, and, for the most part, satisfactorily, although some are misplaced, as, for example, John Absolon's " Gipsy Fortune teller " (a scene from the Vicar of Wakefield), which is out of sight over a door. One of the first thoughts that will oocur to a visitor is the paucity of works by colonial artists. There are, in the gallery, two or three paintings by Piguenit (not in his best form). " A Snow Scene in the Gippsland Mountains," by Curtis; a portrait by Beaumont (chalk); two portraits of Sir Hercules Robinson, by Folingsby; a landscape by Gully; "Govett's Leap," by Hern; and two or three landscapes by Conrad Martens. We find no specimens of the work of McLeod, Carse, Hoyte, Raworth, Terry, Thomas, Whitehead, Chester Earles, Ford, Buvelot, Greig, Scott, Podmoro, Greenwood, Halsted, Brees, Frank, Asliton, Chas. Tumor, Collingridge, Gibb, Johnston, Combes, Deering, Commons, Gill, Gilfillan, Anivith, Habbe, Mrs. Stoddart, and others whose names do not, at the moment, occur to me, but who all should be represented in a truly national gallery. In Statuary, Simonetti (an Italian !) is the only local artist who has found a place for his works. His busts of the Hon. J. Blaxland and Sir Alfred Stephen are good, but that of Sir Henry Parkes is an awful burlesque, and might easily pass for the effigies of some King Billy of a native tribe. J. S. Mackcnnal, of Melbourne, should not be forgotten by the trustees when they have money to spend on local men, and there are other modellers and sculptors amongst us who should not be neglected. I have not been able to ascertain how much the whole collection has cost the country, but I have before me a list of tbe prices paid for pictures purchased out of the International Exhibition, which totals £3726 15s. The highest price paid for any single picture in this lot (they number 24) was £680 for Halswelle's "Non Angli, sed Angeli"; the highest among the water colors was £167 10s. for Hargitt's "Highland Drovers." The foregoing information has been withheld from the public, for what reason I cannot say ; I obtained it, accidentally, from a private source. The collection of statuary is comparatively small. The most noticeable works in this division are Fontana's "Somnambola"; Marshall Woods' "Song of the Shirt" (a poem is marble); and a grand figure of fame by an Italian sculptor. There are the usual casts from the antique, and several fine bronzes by modern French artists. Noteworthy also are the casts of freezes, &c.;, recently discovered at Rome, which were presented to the gallery by Mr. J. R. Fairfax, of the Sydney Morning Herald. This gentleman is also the donor of a collection of medals and decorations bestowed upon the British Army. A series of wood blocks showing the processes of engraving, together with original sketches of artists on their staff, was presented to the gallery by the proprietors of the Graphic. These form an interesting exhibit to art- students, as also do the specimens of work done at the Kensington School of Arts. The display of modern ceramic ware is very fine, and the Japanese exhibits attract much attention. In the same portion of the gallery are two magnificent vases of Sevres ware, presented by the French Government. In attempting a criticism of some of the pictures, I must premise that I have not space to notice many fine works, and that I have selected only those which more especially attracted my attention. I must crave the indulgence of artists who may differ from me \- I set down only what I think, and I am sufficiently educated in Art to be thoroughly aware of my own ignorance. For obvious reasons, I shall refrain from criticising the work of local men. The largest picture in the gallery is F. M. Brown's "Chaucer reading before John of Gaunt." This work is full of power. Mr. Brown's style is broad and massive, and his drawing is excellent. The grouping is well managed, but there are too many figures for the space they are supposed to occupy, and the faces are uninteresting and uninterested, lacking character and individuality. The distance also is deficient in serial perspective. The picture is of the mediæval pre-Raphaelitc school, in which low tones of bright colors are used - it is, what would, in music, be called, " in a minor key." A great contrast to Chaucer in many respects is Elmore's "Lenore." This is my special favorite. It is almost a monochrome. The mad night-ride of Burger's ghost lover with his loving bride is here depicted after a fashion which would have gladdened the poet's heart. The grouping and drawing are splendid, and there is individuality in every face. Chevalier's "Going to Market "-a scene in Tahiti - is too garish to please me - it looks like the colored supplement of a weekly newspaper, yet in design and drawing it is excellent. The coloring is too vivid, and it wants shade; altogether it in weak in handling, and the foreground is sadly lacking in shade - a little more impasto would have been a great improvement. "Salmon Fishers," by Colin Hunter, it a great picture in every sense of the word. The silvery sheen on the water in splendid. Nearly all this pictnre seems to have been the work of the palette-knife. Jean Robie's "Flowers and Fruit" cannot be beaten by any modern painter of still life. There is in it a goblet of mother of pearl which is truly marvellously real. The artist in the son of a Belgian blacksmith, and is still a mere youth. "The Gordon Riots," the first work exhibited by Seymour Lucas, is inferior and unsatisfactory. Of "Non Angli sed Angeli," by Halswelle, I shall say little, because I know that my opinion will not be generally endorsed. I don't like it. The boys are not well grouped (three distinct lines being made by their arms and legs) and their flesh in anything but "cherabimic" in tint, whilst the Roman citizens are so small-headed as to look about eight feet high. Drawing and coloring, of course, fine. "Rorke's Drift," by A. de Neuville, is a realistic composition, somewhat reminding one of the works of "Our Special Artist." Nevertheless, it is full of spirit, and the likenesses are excellent. The coloring is eminently " Frenchy." The only nude figure in the gallery is a Nymph of Diana, by a French artist. This is essentially a "pretty" picture. The coloring is subdued, and the pearly flesh tints are very beautiful. It, however, lacks that force which is noticeable in "Chloe," the picture which recently so riled the "unco guid " in Melbourne. "A Fugitive," by Fortuny (who stands at the head of modem Spanish painters) is very fine, but misnamed. It represents a quadroon girl hiding behind some rushes, but the look on her face is rather expectation than fear - "The Assignation " or "Waiting " would be much more appropriate titles. The special feature of this painting is the thinness of color, the texture of the canvas being visible in many places. It is a masterly and eminently pleasing composition, and the cool lights on the flesh are worth studying. J. B. Pyne's "Lake of Lucerne" is a splendid picture, but it also is misnamed, as the buildings are not Swiss but Italian. Doubtless it should be "Lake of Lugarno." I do not care much for Topham's "Savonarola." This is a very crowded compostion, representing Roman dames, monks, &c.; destroying jewellery, fancy clothing, &c.;, at the bidding of the austere reformer. Each indidual is a study, and the picture is admirably painted, but there are too many figures, and the facial expression of most of them is scarcely up to the business in hand. The latest noteworthy addition is " Wedded" by Sir F. Leighton, president of the Royal Academy. A young couple in their honeymoon. A beautiful picture, the expression of the happy pair being most felicitous - painted in broken tones, with no positive color. The back ground ol sky and water is very hard, and wanting in air; but this was perhaps intentional, the artist desiring, by force of contrast, to direct the whole attention to the figures. " Of the sea-scapes, I like " The Morning after the Storm," by Melby, best. The water is very transparent, and there is a wonderful glow of light on the waves. The sky is rather weak. Hamilton McCulloch's "Fishing for Dabs in Tarbett Harbour," is remarkable for its vigorous impasto, and the exquisite painting of the water. 