FATHER FOGARTY'S FRONT | TEETH. S-i:.y-;?- -: |£ i-vjk MYSTEBY, BY EOBEET P. WH1T lfA-4- , ' WOBTH. S'Sb don't believe in ghosts at all, then,' said i^host Began, as we sat round the huge fire in ,: ;his oomfortable hostelrie hi Beechworfh, one eoM dirty night hut Jane. The day had been ^:* wild and stormy one, as is frequently the fflase in winter in that elevated locality, and ^m,a party of five, were glad to be sheltered within the house, listening to the wind that feame in. shrieking gusts round the corners, Tand the heavy swish and patter of the ram on §§bk window panes. In accord with the ' vharaeter of the night, the conversation had ^hften a dismal ana dreary tone, about aooi -l&ents;, murders, bushxanging and the like, |*nd had at last drifted off into the subject of ijaisembodied sphits. Some one, I forget riwhom.had avowed his thorough disbelief in fy^och rnbbish, as he called it. Hence Host liftsgan's question. 3:f*I, to one, don't,' I said. 'I don't be Slieve . a word of it, neither in ghosts, nor ^ghouls, nor kelpies, nor banshees, nor wraiths, %usc raw head and bloody bones, nor any of riheerew, any more than I do in Jack the Giant .;XflTer or Little Bed Biding Hood.' s ' Well now,' said Host Began, emitting a t contemplative whiff, 'I'm not so sartain §*boot mat. To be sure I never seen a ghoBt |jneself,hnt I've known thim as has, or said they piad. Father Doolan, of my parish, used to J Jtell tis it was all nonsense, but my eld py^asny, rest her sowl, said many's the time jTBhe heard the screech of the banshee, and ^Hehher too wanst, a woman in white, wring eiotg nsr bands, that faded away Uke the mist. |3gboulan't say for sartain, but if it wasn't a IPbst or a sperrit that was in Father ^bgarty'B front teeth, what was it?' §p**kttier Fogarty's front teeth,' we ejacu pleted in surprise. ||g** Ah, maybe- ye never heerd the story. It amis a most mysterious afiair, bat IU tell it &*-' - ? ? P ^ And so Host Began, who was a droll fun Bpving Irishman, ceremoniously re-filled Mb Hnpe,and not without a merry twinkle in his |pright eyes, solemnly told as the story of ipfcther Fogarty's front teeth. ||v 'It was a good many years ago whin I was ESjn $hB Bocky Biver diggings hi New South IpfolfiB.: Thim was the rough times, and Mplhy land many's the divil's own ructions I Hjeen on that same Bocky Biver. It was 9$»aVl856 whin I was working there, and Store 'i was maybe about six or seven handled Kionfte field. It was alluvial sinking, ithaftB and tonnels mostly. Well, some o' |||be ^diggers was quiet enough, bat some was WjbBtimL's own b'ys entirely, if 'There was a party of me own counthry ffpeii- bsrrin they were from Tipperary and I iKes : from Wexford, workin' at a place down Hbe liver called Kennedy's Creek, about fifty IP them there were, and at another place Iwned Mount Welsh, on the other side of §f§*)Bt Office Gully, was about as many Ulster Hum from Donegal. K' These had all kem oat in the same ship, Wjp& had got quarrelling on boord, and if it amisn't that the captain had kep 'em below won about, there'd ha' been murdher aboord jSpd worse. IS-.** Anyhow there they wor, about a couple of plea apart, and kep' up the black blood fend MBniinnm 'em, and if it wasn't for the rest of Wm '.who wanted pace and quietness, and kep' Km down by sheer atrenth of numbers, there'd ^ja'faeen no livin' there. Even then I doubt jSWa have been able to keep ordher if it Sfssn't for Father Paul Fogarty. g*- w Oh, Father Fogarty, ye wor a jewel of a waste intirely. Father Fogarty was the Bargyman of the disthric', stationed at Armi BleTbut most of his time he spint on the Xggmgs, by rason of havin' to move about SSmmie place to another on, the river, about ?prty-five miles in alL He was a tall burly Sum, with the reddest nose I ever seen on Hjniliiil 1 1 hi 1 1. and two black eyes as bowld as Kbawk's. He kem to keep ordher on the Sttld, and, by the hokey, he done it. He IKtehed pace and goodwill amongst us, and ?BT practised it — wid a horsewhip. He His kind and patient wid us all — till Hjr^yes began to glisten, and his red nose Ktwitch, and then, tare and ages, but it was Sr out for squalls. We were all, every man n^ ;;ot the seven hunahred of us rongh Mfcters. afeard of him, Irish, English, and Hfftoh alike. He'd the soft word and the Hp.word£s£ everybody, ontil he was put MB, and then— phfluloo! He'd a heart as SK as butther, and a fisht like a horse's WB&L; 'iJEUFA *eU. as oar jaty in a way would Kulw wather into our eyes, and persuade HmTao ft with a thick stick. To the sick or Ufrjtofifc man he was a lamb; to the idle, |KdeBdlate, and the blasphemer, a raging Hp' ? Shawn Brady stick/ I heard him say SKSaj^to a big Galway fellow that was WBfrrB quarrelling and fighting, ' come here ffipt'«paka toye. What's all this I hear ^Hp ye? Te've not been sober for a week, HBbafrand areatin' a rookawn day and night Hahetime, and the Unguage you osel ?Hr^idget, if s atiirociouB. What have ye HHjF^pr yourself ? ' Brady stood sheepishly HBping She brim of Mb canbeen, and mut [^??^omeihing about having * the dhrop in.' ^^»TiieH3hropinis it? The dhrop in ?' he Had,* it's the dhrop that'll ladeyer sowl ?pHsiial perdition, ye gourmouge, ye omad Smbb; and you not done a sthroke of work ?Bk last washin' np, and your onld father ?^Doflia at Oraumore wifiiout the bite or B^BmXor all you care, ye ondntiful, black |KKdvagabon& I know ye. By this and Hnpki 131 pat the cross beohane as, and ?fijfhyetOl your four bones ache. Down R^gBpir kneea air, and promise your praste to l^Kl yourself like a dacent b'y, or by the ?Km do what I eay ; ' and Brady done BHijKL ttwp enaked away like a whipped Sjtt&ran; he ralea an, as one might say, ?bK point of his shillelagh ; it would be a ESmy lor any one who had laid a finger on ?Bj£l|r insulted him, if we got to hear of it. H^ttat he couldn't take his own part, and MKioo/iT necessary. The bully of the ^?Kl^r*'ue time was a great big Lankie, ?MKbeen a collier, and who was a perfect ?HgnivBtrength and biutality. One day ^MJNFogarty, hearin' a row in the Pick and BBL wint in, and found the divil's own HHpB jfewn on. There was this big fellow figpl Crose, who kep' the shanty, by the |__ bekase he wouldn't give him dhrink, and two or three others thryin' to pull him away. ''What's this?' says Father Fogarty; ' clear out o' this, every mother's son of ye,' pointin' at the same time to the door. The others wint, but the Lankie turned round and faced him, ehtill holdin' Cross, a little chap, by die hair. ' 'Let go the daoent man,' Baid Father Fogarty, quietly, hot Mb nose twitching dan gerously. ' ' Aw'U noan do that for thee noather,' said the Lankie, with an oath. ' The reply was a stinging cut across the cheek with his horsewhip. ' The Lankie quitted his holt and rushed at Father Fogarty with the roar of a mad bulL Bat the praste wasn't to be caught Uke that. The shock was terrible whin they met, but what the Lankie had in sthrintb, Father Fogarty had in scoienoe. He gave him the inside crook, and the giant wint down with a crash that shook the rafthers; thin coolly dhragging out the insinsible form by the heels, he shied it into the muddy gutther. * Tell that blagysrd,' he said to some passers by, 'whin he comes to himself, that if he wants any more to come to Father Fogarty.' Bat it seemed he didn't want any more, for he carefully avoided the praste for weeks, and was even, after he had left the Rooky, heard to express his admiration for him. ' That theer Father Fogarty,' he would say, 'he're summat loike a pa'ason, he war. By Gow, he're the only mon 'at ever gradely fettlet Lankie Sam, an' ohonoe it.' ' As I've said, every mother's son on the field had a howly terror of Father Paul Fogarty's horsewhip, and it was a soight worth lookin' at to see sometimes on a Mon day, for he'd ginerally come from Annidale on a Monday, whin a lot o' the fellows who hadn't tamed to would be dhrinkin, an' riain' a rookawn hi the camp, would see his bony white horse eomuv over the rise. The word was riz in a minute, and you'd die laugbin' to see a score or two of big, brawny fellows rushin' away to then: holes Uke rabbits into their warrens. ♦' How and ever, this has nothing to do wid Father Fogarty's front teeth. As I told ye before, there was a party of about fifty Tips, working at Kennedy's Creek, and about the same number of Donegal men at Mount Welsh, and there was black bitter, blood bechune 'em. Well for one thing or another they'd had bits of scrimmages bechune them, but nothin' to hurt, beside a broken head or so, ontil early one Saturday mornin', Misther White, the warden, and a fine dacent man he was, kem to me on the quite, an' siz he ; ' Began,' sez he, * I know your'e a quite daoent law abidin' citizen.' ' Its proud I am this day to hear you say so, sir,' siz L ' Now,' siz he, 'look at here. The escort has gone to Sydney, and I'm left here with only one con stable. I'm inforrumed that the Tips beyant are coming in a body, after washin' up to-day to attack the Donegal min, an' I want yon to help me to prevint it.' * But but,' siz I, ' what would I do to prevint it, and beside that if they want to fight it ont let 'em, well have no pace till they do, and thin again, I wouldn't Uke to spoil sport.' ' I'm as fond of a bit of harmless sport as yon are Began,' says he, ' but this meanB bloodshed, murder, robbery, the camp burned over our heads maybe. Will yon help me to prevint it?' ' I will, sir,' siz I, 'if you'll tell me how.' * Come trp to the police camp,1 siz he, * I'll have a horse saddled for you on the other side the hill, then ride to Annidale as if the divil was afther ye, and bring Fattier Fogarty back with ye. Faith he's worth a whole army of throopers. Save yer horses at Urafla and -some in through the bcsh to the back of the camp, so that nobody '11 see ye. An' may be we'll have some fan yet.1. Tllgo bail we will, sir,' siz I, 'faiz I can fancy I see them all scuttherin' whin his riverence's red nose is to the fore.' ' Well, I wint, and soon covered the twelve miles. I found the praste just sittin' down to hisbrexwnst. ' * Save yer riverenee,' siz L ' ' Save ye kindly,' siz he, ' Bit down and take a snack.' 'But whin I tould him my arrant, you should have seen him. His eyes fairly blazed, and his red nose twitched up and down Uke a jack-jumper. '?Oh! the blaokgaardg, the vagabcnes. Mono mm diaxnil. Heaven be beohuns ub and evil, if I don't break every bone in heir skins. Not a thraneen do I care for the best of them. Oh! I'll tbxounoe 'em. Oh! the loarin', Bchamin', thievin' otnadhottni* Oh! the corse of Cromwell— Holy Bridget grant me patience— the poor benighted hathens — where's my whip ? ' 'We were back before noon, having left our horses at the Uralla Hotel at Dangar's lagoon, and done the remaining two miles through the bush. Father Fogarty was en sconced hi the police camp unobserved, where I left him fretting and faming Uke a caged tiger, and my absence had not been remarked, save by my mates, to whom I made some fti rifling eXCUSe. ' I could not help laughing and chuckling to meself, as I pictured to meself the total rout of the contending armies, bat wisely said nothin' to my mates whin they axed me what was I laughin' at, except, * Wait a bit, maybe yell see some fun soon.' 'At about two o'clock we knocked off, and by three the camp was pretty full of diggers from all parts of the river, and I noticed that the Tips had all come armed wid sticks, while in many of their jumpers were bulges that towld tales to me of that fearful weapon, the ' stone hi a stocking.' ' At about four o'clock the ruction began. The Tips, who had formed themselves into a body just above the police camp, raised a sadden yell, and rushed forward with a shower of stones to annihilate their unpre pared foes, when the gate opened wide, and oat marched Father Fogarty, horsewhip in hand. ''Howly mother,' cried someone, 'ifs the praste!' ' I've heer'd tell that whin Boney lost the battle of Watherloo, he said something in Frinch that manes 'the divil take the hind most.'* Well, it was just that. Ye never seen such a soatther. Up the hill, and down the road, into the bash, and into the rivsr, they fled, with the victorious praste dhrivin' the vanquished inimy before him, laahin' and Biawhin' at them for dear life. ''Ye murtherin' thavas! ye graceless villains I ye rapparees 1 I'll taohe ye ; 111 excom ? Howly Bidpup, bot's bat ? ' ' Bat, or that, as he meant to say, was an unlucky stone, certainly not aimed at him, but which bad sthruck him clane in the mouth, knocking out two of his front teeth, and completely puttin' a full shtop to his eloquence. ' He roared, he yelled, he spat out mouth fuls of blood and teeth, he danced, he tore his hair, he threw down his hat and jumped on it. Iniver seen amanin suchatearin'rage, and what made him ten times worse was that he couldn't talk so as to make liitwdf undheretood. ' ' Oh 1 you burberib poumbibs, be purp of Pombib ? Oh I ohl ah! ' I need hardly say the fan was over for that day. father Fogarty -was led back to the police camp amid respectful silence, the opposing forces were routed, bat the haro of the day was disabled. ' Av eoorse he couldn't perform mass the next day, as not only was his month swollen and his lip cut, but the loss of his teeth ren dered him incapable of articulation. Some of the townspeople laughed when they heard of the accident, but as he was generally well liked, a subscription was soon riz to send him down to Sydney and get artificial teeth in. Bat here a new difficulty stood in the way. He positively refused to go. It was bad enough to be laughed at there, but to make himself a laughing utook to the graceless people of Sydney, he oeoldn't and he wouldn't. Be sides, as he said, ? Be peppard's plape wab wib hip plop.' ' ' Fortunately, or unfortunately, just at this time, a dintist, a poor one, bat still a Hintist came op to Armidale, and to him wint , father Fogarty for relief from his woes. Now in thim days artificial teeth were not so eommon, especially in such oat of the way * Our host meant ' Sauce qui petit.' ? places as the Rocky Biver diggingB as they are now, and this dintist's business was more in the way of takin' out teeth than putting them in. Bat the case was argent, and prompted by the prospect of good pay, the dintist nndertuk to supply the missing in cisors. He bad no teeth unless he could get them at second hand from some dead body, and that was hardly practicable, nor had he any ivory to make them of, unless in deed a billiard ball, or, happy thought — yes, he had it. There was a spare pair of dice in the bar of the hotel where he sthayed, and of these he would manufacture the teeth. The landlord gave them up to him willingly enough, remarking at the time that they were all that was left by Jack Adams, who had died on the Rooky three months before, and ripresented a grog score of four pounds three, which Jack left owing. As the grog score was gone the dice might as well go after it, and they were loaded anyhow. 'But Uttle use as the dice were as dice, they came in admirably for Father Fogarty's front teeth. They were out down, polished, fitted nicely on a goold plate, and once more Father Fogarty rejoiced in perfect white and even front teeth, more white and even, to tell the thruth, than the originals had been. The dintist was happy, for he had been paid his bill. Father Fogarty waB happy, bekase he could talk and ate once more like a rasonable Christian, and his parishioners were happy, bekase then- pasthor was again able to prache to them, or maybe scowld them. 'Nowhere the shtory as a matter-of-fact shtory inds, but here comes in the mystarioas part of it. Father Fogart v, worthy man, was not exactly an ascetic. He had always liked his tumbler of punch going to bed, and maybe his drap of whiskey on a oowld wet day, a draw of the pipe, and maybe a quite rubber of whist, or a hand at spoil five or cribbage with a friend in an evenin1. His language out of the pulpit had occasionally been a Uttle sthrong, but niver such as could well be taken exception to, except by thejvery fastiguous. But now all this was changed. He felt an unac countable and unconquerable longing which grew sthronger and sthronger on him every day, to visit the billiard rooms at the Wel lington or the Freemasons. Perhaps there was no great harrum in that, but whin it kem to betting on sthrokes, makin' one at pool, and talkin' the slang of the game, it grew noticeable. Thin, again, he seemed to fall unconsciously into the habit of shmokmg cigars, and even pipes, not only there, but in the pubUc sthreets. He played loo, and once startled the frequenters of a public bar by proposin' a Uttle flutther at hazard for a fiver. Clearly something was wrong, but what was it? He couldn't telL He was sorely exercised in his moind. He knew quite well what he was doin', and yet for the life of him he couldn't help it. He fought against the infatuation, bat it seemed to to overmashter him completely. ' Bat matihers grew worse and worse. One Sunday while servin' mass he shcandalised his congregation by suddenly annoancin* that he would ' back the field, bar one.' There was a dead silence, and his hearers looked at each other ominously. He stopped and wrestled with the evil epirit, for surely it was an evil spirit that had taken possession of him, bat ere long his flock were still more schcandaused by hearing him assever with a terrible oath that he would * go a level pony on the little chestnut filly Ganymede.' Some of the congregation riz and left at this Bacri lege, and the poor praste bowed his head to his pulpit cushions, and wept. Thim who re mainedlooked pityingly on their beloved pastor, who, afther a pause, riz and Baid — ' My chil dren, you are astonished, no doubt, but no more than I am, at my sthrange conduct; bat you mast see that I am either goin' mad or that I am possessed of a devil, and Fll lay you evens on either single, or five to one on the double evint. Bring in the bones— haU- a-crown in, and the winner shoots.' ' These last extraordinary words were wrung from him in agony, as the beads of Bweat on his brow plainly showed, and after utterin' them he fell into an ecstasy of sobbing and prayer, mingled with lewd and profane exclamations. Men turned pale with terror, and women shrieked, some fainted, as risisg from his knees he shouted in sharp, thrilling tones, 'And nowI'U shake any one in the crowd for drinks all round.' ' Clearly Father Fogarty was mad — stark, starin', ravin' mad. Or was it possible that the devil still had power on earth to enter into the human frame and utter blasphemies like these. ' He was led to his house by some of his sorrowing flock, and a message despatched off to Maitland, where his superior was, inform ing him of the sad occurrence. 'Another clergyman was sint up, but Father Fogarty grew worse. The language he used was somethin' awful to hear, and the doothor could do nothin' for him. ' The heart-felt prayers of his congregation, aye, and of every other congregation, for he was well liked by all, were offered up, but in vain. ' He was suitable enough, and, poor man, knew well, too well, what he was doin'. His heart was brnk. Yes, he was possessed of a devil that would not, and could not be driven out. 'But one day, as he was rampagin' as usual, talkin' about horse racin' and cock fightin', and gamblin', and all kinds of spoort, and calling for brandy smashes and gin cocktails, and other murdherin* dhrinks, sure, a sthrange thing happened. Father Fogabty's fbont teeth fell out. ' In a moment there was a change. 'Father Fogarty was Father Fogarty again. No longer the foul-mouthed, fiend ridden, gambler, the drinking, tearin', swearin' reprobate, but the humble, pious, earnest ser vant of God he had been before his Bthrange attack. 'He knew what it was. He felt what it was. It was the teeth done it. They had been made, the dintist confesses it afther, oat of the dice that had belonged to Jack Adams, the most notorious gambler, blas phemer, and evil liver on the diggings, and the black soul of £he licentious rowdy had, afther his death, haunted the dice, his fami liar spirite during his lifetime. 'At laste, if it wasn't that,' concluded Host Began, with an air of conviction, 'what was it?' We none of as could solve the problem, and could only confess, with Hamlet that— if the story were true— there are indeed more things in heaven and earth than even we dreamt of in our philosophy. 