SOME ACTORS IN MACBETH- By Gkkai.d Makb Thompson. in the biographies of ail great actors the history of their life upon the tUgo necessarily forms a component port, lo this fu ct is sometimes due the lasting fame of plays which would otherwise have soon hern forgotten, as in the case of " Isa bella," known chiefly as tho drama in which the great Mrs Siddons made her mark. But more frequently it will be found tirnt tbe genius of the rcter recks the "swelling greatness" of a more " imperial theme," and rites to the highest pinnacle of fame in the Bhakesporinn drama. Thus in the rves of such actors i« found a record of Ueir con ception of many of the pool 'a greatest characters. Amongst these com»s ' Macbeth," and tho fuel that the play is now being performed here sug gests some rofcience to the interpretation given to tlietwo chief characters by such people as Garrick and Kcmble and Sarah Siddons as likoly to prove i f interest. Extracts from the journals of their time, which are easily accessible to the student, will nerve to show moro nicely — to use the word in its older sense — tho rendering given to particular passages, and at the enmu time I purpose lo remind my readers of the interpretation put upon such parent es by 'he two actors now playing the chief parts at the Theatre Boyai. it must, however, be understood from the first that it would lie impossible to compare tbe rendering of one paesago by on actor with that eiven by another, and to say " This is right, and that is wrong." 'The pioper interpretation of a passage will bo the one most easily reconciled with tuc general lone of the character as pourtrayed by tie actor. No comparison as between the actors named is therefore intended, whin tho various readings of particular paaeaget are given here after. Although history records most accurately, and the memory rccaiip mcst fondly, the " points" muiio by an actor in some great impernonation, it is, niter uli. tho general conception ol the cha racter which is of most importance. Provided this be i -.a -on able and consistent, u Bbakspcrian iiupcrscnatinn will always give pleasure, if only from the uarmony of its artistic fitness. It will Dot be gaimaid that, there is this fitness about Mr Vernon's Alacbcth. He gives us n regal piescr.tment, and consistently bIscch before us the jess active side of Macbeth 'a character. His Mncbuli is a man in whom the burthen of blood shed creates rather a feeling of thoughtful self- pity, leads rather to a sad retrospection, than to a vivid remoree. He is by nature too self-contained to be easily moved, and bis majestic presence lends itself more readily to tho presentment of heroic thought than of personal frur «ud irresolu tion. Very different from this was Garrick's ooi- cepticn of the character. A German critic who travelled to London about tbe year 17C0, on pur pose to carry back with him to hii own country some account of this grdat actor, desaribod him in Macbeth as "throning a dojected air over the whole, full of long pauses and piteous looks, and with a slack oarriagc of tho booy," So consis tently did Garrick tune up ovory passage to thi keynote ef tu'jrction that, afttr Macbeth' words of reproof to tin wife, in the aeventh scene, b« would continue, " 1 dare do all that doth become r man," in u tono of melancholy self-communion. This reading of the paestgc is so strange that genius :iion« could have m«de it soirn appropriate to t lie situation, Garrick w«s fond of loug an un- expcct- it pauses, which ho defended on tho ground that Macbeth' mird was out of the world half hit time, citheroccupied with remors&fnl; imaginings or dire forebodings. So it was that in tho great soliloquy nt ilio opening of the soeno just quoted, he would declaim " Tlis virtues will plrud like uugels— trum; i t-tongucd against, &c;,, ie." Iiis pame afier the word angels, which was pro bably due oi:l y to the necessiiy of a deep breath to giro poiut to tho alliteration of the adjectives following, gave lire to a hot discussion as to whttlie: the words wero intended to qualify "virtues'" or "mgels" — a deiiglitfiFly fine question wbicli those may solve who think it worth the trouble. But after all, the power of the gro«tesl aciors has ever been in thu fascination of their facial i-xpre-sion. Garrick's face in the dagecr scene st owed such a "spe -ktng terror," such a sense of real seeing, that his most striking effect would be proline d before he bad spoken a word. In bis dc-clmiuiioir here, we rea-i that tho only noticeable point wn- n "prodigious emphasis" upon the word "was," " And mch au instrument I wat to uso" was his method ; and on the words, (' this, which now 1 draw," he would tako bis daager from its sheath with e-no swift motion. 3Iy renders _ will notice that Mr Ver non's uction entirely opposite in both- par ticulars, whi.tl the drrwing of tbe dagger is done slowly, us if i lie deluded man were unwilling to break the spell of the strange sight before him by uny abrupt or violent movement— a very nature- rendering. After the mutdvr in the second net, Garrick would again alarm nnd amaze hiB audience by tlie expression of his face. His eountenane- growing whiter and whiter, his dagger would almost fail from his trembling hnnd, ns ho leaned upon l.ndy Macbtth nnd groanod, " This is a sorry fight." This physical power of turninr " hot and cold, red anil whita by fits" was, wo aie told, " his greatest art." In tlio banquet scene ho would stand " like a monument of guilt and i fc-ar," nnd would set m to make vain efforts to ap- proncli the ghost, towards which he did not u-l j vanco a Eiep._ Mncready, on the other hand, j would throw timEelf upon the speci re with averted ' hctd, a very nntuial impulse, ns experience proves, | on thu part of a rni-n fascinated by tho presence of the enpernaturni. Before closing my account i cf Garrick's netii g, it may serve to give some i lea ; of :he vivid honor he could express in his face, if 1 ; relate a little story concerning an unhapp' j " fiist it, unit rcr," whose susceptibility to Uanick' | mnnuer lost him his place. It was iu the banquet- | iug scene, win re he eauie lo inform Macbeth of : Bunquo's murder. Aficr fixing the man for soiui j noments wiib li s eye, w ilst ho struggled w-tb j List morion, G'anick at last spoke, " Ther.:'» b oo | upon tliy fee." Forgetting his part, and fear n I In- had iup>tuml a blood-vessel, the murderer cried i " Is there ! by Gcd !" and rushed from tho a.nge, where, it need hardly be said, he was never seen again, John P. Kem'olc also threw a shadow of sorrow over the character, which made it very sombre. " Upon the dark background tbns formed he would work out detached effects of brilliancy like tbore in a Rembrandt picture." Kemble's features were clarsic, his eyes park and piercing, his form majestic, and bis manner habitually dignified. His was considered amongst the most kingly and heroic of the Macbetha made familiar tu ns by dramatic presentation. In tbe later scenes be was especially gocd. On learning the Queen's death he would seem " struck to the heart," writes an eye witness. Gradually collecting himself, he wonld sigh ont, " Bhe should have died here after," in a Bcarcc heard voice, and then, as if with the inspiration of .despair he would hnrry out, with clearness and pathos the words ' To morrow and to-moriow," A:c., fcc, rising to a climax of despairing rage on the words, " fail of sound and fury," When told of the approach of Birnam Wood, ho would stagger as If struck at the very se»t of life, and just ejaculate " ITar and slave." Thsn lie would lash himself into a frantic rage, and fo end in triumph," AU this ia different from Mr Vernon's rendering, who is, by the wiy, almost at his bebt in this last act. The heroic side of the griat villain's character shines out brightly, and all " the better part of man" is set forth in the dauntless air with which the last words, "I will not yield to kiss tbe ground before young Mal colm's feet " — arc given. Mrs 1'ritchard, whose name is now but little known to the ordinary playgoer, was the great Lady Macboth of Garrick's time. Mr Bj»d-n, the critic, who, however, lived sfter berday, used lo dwell chiefly upon "tin wonderful bufineM " she made in tbe banquet scone. Kmall has bsen the record kept of her doirgs. Her light was com pletely put out, and for long ber memory even " clean forgot like a dead man out of mind," by tbe dazzling brightness of Mrs Biddona' genius. Indeed, in more tenses than one was her " light put out," for it was her successor who first enacted tte sleep-walking scenn without a candle in her band, ilrs Pritchard would glide abm: and act the sleeper, not daring to do so wakeful a thing ai lay down her candle. Mrs Niddons, better in spired, followed the natural order oi things, nnd was tbc firtt to act the part, much ns it is now dene. An old engraving of Sarah Bid ions reveals the fact that tbe sleep-walking scene wonid show Lady Macbeth at firtt resting in an inner room on her bes, from which she wouid rise, and taking the candle in hrr hand, advance wilbin s'glit of the audience. Turning to lbs earlier pans of the play we Itarri that cn reading in Macbeth 's letter the words " 'J l.cy made thcmselvis — air," she would rami: well tbe paurc cxpreesed above, yot would show no sense of wonder at the new, but rather seem overjoyed at the power which could pr-rfoim such feats. Mr Boadon described her figure, when she invoked the destroyers in their " sigbtlers Eubstances." as " leaving a torribio impression; the shoulders raised, the hands hol lowed, and tbediitendcdeyesstrainingat vacancy." Much of this mny be 6etn in MPs Ward's acting i f the part, an undoubted triumph in tragedy. Mifs Ward's many subtle changeB of voice, so «ug- gistive ol' a watchful affection, in' tha third act, would have del ghtcd the heart of Macrendy, in whose diory wae mado an entry, " Mem. to shew more tenderness in the second scene, third act." By doing ihib 'diss Ward humanises Lady Mac beth 's character. Tbe lady was a bad woman, but n good wife; end deRrly loved her lord. These little touches of softness in the third ac: give ad ditional point by contr-rst to the tragedy of the sleeping scene which follows. For contrast, it bus hi cn well said, "is the magnifying glass of the EEnsee." A terrible sight ol senseless eye, marble features, and lips which seem frozen with horror, dos Miri) Ward give ub in her last scene. Tin whole impersonation is n wonderful eff >rt, and leaves behind it an indelible impression upon tha memory. 