adelaide races. TIPS FOR THE FIR8T DAY. BY "ECLIPSE." Tomorrow afternoon tho S.A..T.C. Autumn Mooting commonces, and, judging by tho vast amount of interest token in tho two prinoipa) ovonts, tho coming campaign will bo the lUOBt successful ol thomanv succobbgb nchiavnri by that turf gonoral, Mr Sim. Barnard. I have received soveral communications poiut ing ont that double ovent books have beou opened in Melbourne on both the Hurdle and SleoploJ and Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup, and asking mo to givo my eeleotion for thodoublo, as woll as a straight out tip. Backing in doubles has always struck mo as being a moat insano procoiding, na better odds are generally obtained about each animal soperatoly. As, howevor, tho hundreds to ono oflorod occasionally ron dor tbo doublo ovont mothod of speculation tho inoro popular, I will ondoavor t> indicate tho bostgood?, and truBt I ahalt bo as buccosh- ful in my predictions for Adelaide as I was for tho rocont'Els tern wick meeting. Commencing with THE HURDLE RACE which has Rome real good porfnrmors ovor tho littlo sticks, F look upon Agitation as u long way Ihe bobt of tho crowd, and, with a start, sho should about win. As, howevor, Road, hor trainer, has paid up L 15 for hor, sho may be roservod for tbo big prizo. In tho absence of Agitation 1 cau coo nothing to beat Fictitious, unless Euchro is equal to the tak, and my placo tips must bo— FICTITIOUS 1 EUCHRE 2 THE AGENT 3 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STAKES KING OF THE GIPSIES 1 LAVING TON 2 GRATITUDE » THE ST. LEGER. Iu spito of tho rumors to the effect lhat Mr Tothill's colt iSunlikoly to atirt for the L'ger I shall plump for LOUD WILTON. THE GOODWOOD HANDICAP Will this season bo an exceptionally exciting event, tbo handicap bsing a (Uttering ono, and the cattle engaged the pick of tiie colonies. As it is unlikely that either Mnlna or Colstonn will be saddled Sup to-morrow, I must dis miss the top weights. Tho Israelite with 6st filb up is in it up to his nock, as are aiso Countryman, Baron Von. Mueller, Lord Wilton, Bass&uio; and Madge. Renders of Thk Hkiiald will, doubtless, remember how per aiatontly I have " gone for " Countryman wkouovor ho has started, concorning whom I havo moro than onoo written, " Ho is ob good as tho old Ghost." Mr Woeka'a horso will to morrow have the sorvices of tho cleverest horse man in Auotralia,and though hevfill experience Borne didiculty in shaking off Madge and Lord Wilton, I shall bo disappointed if tho bald faced cbesmtt does not fulfil my prophosyand delight hia owner— the irrepressible Teddy, by winning the Goodwood Handicap, and confirming tho opinion oxpressod to tbo writer by Yoomans, bis late owner, that"Countxyman was the fastest horso as a.two 5 ear' old that I over put my legs across," The. numbers should go up— COUNTRYMAN 1 MADGE 2 LORD WILTON 3 