, - w - ECHOES OP MELBOURNE TBy Thk Ghost.1 ' The oracle so long dumb has spoken a? last, and the Ministry has officially an nounced that no questions likely to pro voke any serious conflict of opinion are to be intruded on the notice of Parliament during the coining session. Legislation is to fee. confined to matters of social import, Bills, the constitution of a Metropolitan Board of Works, with a- Mining or Private Property Bill to keep class animosities from dying out utterly. Mr. Service and Mr. Berry availed themselves of the op portunity which tho gathering of the Trades Union delegates in Melbourne presented to unfold their programme. Tlie motto of their predecessors, ' Peace, Pro gress, and Prosperity,' has evidently come to the present incumbents of office as a' legacy, and they intend — warned by the 'shocking example' of Sir. Bryan O'Loghlen and his colleagues— to en deavour to act up to it, and thus obey thein junction which seta forth that self-preserva^ tion is Nature's primary law. And so at the present moment there is apparently nothing, not even that oft quoted 'little cloud no bigger than a man's hand, ' to disturb tho placid atmosphere in which the Government moves. Major Smith and Mr. Mirains, and eke Mr. Mackay, may after the fashion of the heathen 'furiously rage,' but the gentlemen who sit in luxu rious ease on the Speaker's right hand will continue with a fooling of calm serenity to occupy the Treasury Bench and 'smile and smile and be ' — Ministers. And that they value the position is made abundantly plain by the pains they are at to remain. int?ie good graces of ' the many headed.' Else why should the Premier and the Chief Secretary have attended the gathering of the Trades' Hall delegates ? ' Qua diahlc allaicnt Us faire dans cette galore?' if their object was not to court popularity ? That politicians of the calibre of Messrs. Smith, Gausson, and Wood should have attended as uninvited guests, and taken part in the proceedings, is perhaps in accordance with the eternal fitness of things ; but that the heads of a strong Ministry should thus strive to curry favour marks a ' new departure ' in the science of popularity-hunting, little credit able to men who aspire to the title of states men and .desire to be looked upon as leaders of opinion. ... The mistake of ' kootooing ' to 'the homy handed' is, moreover, not the only blunder the Government has, committed. Mr. Berry has gazetted himself to one of the vacant trusteeships of the Public Library, and the recent appointment of Mr. Johnson, the son of a gentleman who, for less than a week, occupied the position' of a Victorian Minister of the Crown, turns out also to have been a ' mistake,' the Crown proseeutorship not being tenable to any gentleman who has not been a practis ing barrister for five years, and the juve nile lawyer not having been a member of ' the devil's brigade 'for more than three. The disappointed candidates are, of course, making the most of their grievance, and unless the young gentleman cuts the gor dian knot by resigning there will, no doubt, be a ' row' among the lawyers in the Assembly, when that august body meets 'for. the despatch of business.' Another matter is also certain to provoke adverse comment. During the contest for the electorate at Moira three Ministers of the Crowa and the Government Whip — who happens to be one of the members of , the district— went on a tour through the constituency, ostensibly to determine the best route for certain projected railways, 'but really, as their opponents assert, for | the purpose of influencing the electors and I enlisting their sympathies in favour of an | avowed Ministerial supporter. The soft ( impeachinent has, as a matter of course, . been emphatically denied by the parties j implicated. But, nevertheless, the facts ; look ugly, and facts are, proverbially, , stubborn things. The sense of security en joyed by the present Government is evidently making tkein just a little reck less. Their time for giving place to others . has not, however, yet come, and although a | classical member of the Opposition has been heard to mutter '? Quos Deus vult per- . dere prins dementat,' there is little chance of another practical illustration of the j sayinguntil, at least, another Parliameu- ' tavy session is numbered among 'the things that were.' The curtain has fallen for the present on the tragedy known as the Pettavel murder. The case so elaborately got up by_ the detec tive officers; i against the lunatic Bourke I with a n umber of aliases, has terminated . just. as everyone, excepting the .police, ex pected, in the. discharge of the accused on v the'jsreliminary; investigation, before the : : magistrates. The case is one in which the proverb that ' murder will out' is riot ^likely to prove correct. From the very first, as stated iu former letters, no person acquainted with the surroundings of tho affair suspected the unfortunate lunatic to be guilty of the crime. But the detectives had formed a theory of their own, and wore they alleged.ih possession of 'a clue,' and they have floundered and floundered, get ting more and more befogged until nob even the well-tutored black tracker was able to extricate them from tlie position, and the inevitable result has happened. And so one more mystery has remained un solved— a murder or murderess is still at large — and the victim's blood will, per force, cry vainly for vengeance; The episode is roallya disgraceful -one in the not over-brilliant annals of the Victorian police force. A good deal of ink' has been shed over the question of whether it is' right' and proper, that the musical 'critic : of a newspaper should be a gentleman actively engaged iu the exercise of his profession as a music teacher. ? It would be mere affectation to pretondnot to know that the correspondence has arisen in consequence of Mr. Plumpton holding the position on the staff of the- Age and Leader. Rightly or wrongly complaints are made that justice is denied to all pianoforte perfor mers who do not take either Mr. or Mrs. Plumpton as their model. This lady is better known as Madame ? Tasca, '? who, as Charlotte Tasker, graduated as King's Scholar at the Royal Academy of Music in London so long ago that it would hardly be gallant to the lady to state the number of years. The Musical Association of Victoria have taken the matter up, and at a meeting called expressly to discuss the point, decided by a majority of more than two to one, that the practice of combining criticism and teaching was inimical to the interests of the profession, Mr. Plumpton being looked upon as doubly an offender inasmuch as he also teaches the divine art as well as the wife:of his bosom. Some rather ' warm exchanges ' — as - sporting gentle men phrase it — have take place between the parties to the quarrel, making ? it evident that familiarity with harmony does not always tend to harmonious relations between:. the : votaries' of the divine art. On the whole, the advocates of the ' edu cated amateur ' have the best of the con troversy, the weight of ai'gument — audit may be added of public opinion — being decidedly against the 'professional musi cian actively pursuing his profession' acting as a Press critic. ' : . Ship chandlers apparently entertain a strong objection to being designated as ' sharkE,' and this term, having been ap plied by the hon. James Campbell, the Post-master General of Victoria, to' Mr. H. B. Donaldson, the Mayor of Sanidridge — or Port Melbourne, as it is now called — the latter gentleman has issued a summons charging the former with publishing a criminal libel. The Rev. Mr. Rentoul, also, is the object of the kind attention of the ' limbs of the law;' having charged Mr. Mountain, a boat owner in Hobson's Bay, with being the head of an organised band of sea-robbers,| in consequence of a seal-skin jacket, which Mrs. Rentoul lost overboard when embarking on board the mail steamer a fortnight ago, having been picked up by one of his men. Major Smith; likewise, is proceeding with his action, to recover damages for defamation of character from the Ballarat Star. Alto gether, there appears a probability, of the gentlemen of the long robe, having . during next term plenty of workto do in defend ing assailed reputations. The numerous admirers of Miss Emilie Melville will be . glad to hear that the pecuniary losses which caused her to file her schedule in the Insolvent. Court will not much affectthatladypersonally. Oneor two of her friends are not, however, so. for tunate. A well-known Melbourne solicitor has had his household effects seized and sold, anda certain secretary to an impor tant Royal Commission that has just ter minated its labours, in the absence of its chairman has had to pay J36OO for tho honour of having been- allowed to write his name on a slip of stamped paper in con junction with the autograph of the charm ing actress. What power there must be in a pair of bright eyes,to be sure ! The theatres are all doing a good busi ness. The ' popular prices ' have had the effect of filling the Bijou to overflowing every night, and of thus establishing Miss Melville as great a favourite in grand opera as she already is in opera bouffe. ' Carmen,' in which she sustains the title role, will no doubt have a good run. At the Princess ' Forget me Not ' has given way to the ' Queen's Favourite,' in which Mi3s Genevieve Ward is as charming as ever. At the Royal the attendances at ' Fun on the Bristol ' are becoming small by degrees and beautifully less, and the last nights of the stupid piece of inanity are announced. Miss Jennie Lee is leav: ing the Opera House, where Signor. and' Madame Majeroni appoar shortly in 'Jealousy.' May 3. 