NAPLES AND PORT SAID. No. II. (Written for the Express .) By J. B. From the Palazzo Reale we sauntered into the. better part of the town, up Toledo street, which is broad and moderately clean. But neither the shops nor the houses were at all equal to those of the English. provincial towns. The public buildings, however, and the squares, are very substantial and beautiful. Of the squares the largest is that fronting the palace, named the Largo di Palazzo, in which is a very handsome Church, ' built, we were told, upon the plan of that of St. Peter at Rome ; and the most beautiful is the Largo di Castcllo, where the glare of wall and pave ment is softened by the foliage of many trees. On oiu way up' the street of Toledo _ we stepped into a cafe for refreshment. There was no wall' to the room on the street, side— a very uncomfortable- arrangement, we should imagine, with an east wind and .dust. The interior of the room was much as it usually is in places of the kind. There were marble- topped tables, with chairs for small parties of friends ; and larger tables for general customers. Be hind a counter, at one end of room, stood a stout waiter, half-hid by the heaps of rusks and pates and cakes, and by steaming coffee urns. In a little niche in the wall,' unnoticed at first by the unaccustomed' eye, - was seen a figure of the Crucifixion, before which a taper was burning.' The waiter brought with our cofl'ee a glass of water, dashed with essences, which we thought . a . very agreeable. aiter- drink. ' ; Into the street again, where, under the porticoes of a large building, we saw thb Neapolitan letter- writers, busy writing, and addressing letters for the uneducated — mainly the' poorer classes — who have not had the privileges of a free education Act. One can not help wondering how these amanuenses get to sleep at night. What . visions must haunt them of the ink . and paper multitudes —strange, or familiar 'by repetition — the mysterious Somebodies to' whom they write daily with fondness or pleading, , threat or expostulation. The letter- writer is the only true medium ;" his the only spirit , world communicable with, man. He stands, as it were, upon the brink of another sphere, which is. filled with beings to him unknown, but with whom he is in constant and familiar inter- : course. What , ehips and fragments . of human history — domestic, mercantile, naval, military —fall into his mind ! ; What aggravating morsels of slander, sentiment, ' and little , snatches; of .everybody's, .business — r without ' explanation or elucidation; — must lie pell-mell in his memory ! What obdurate fathers ap pealed to by penniless sons;- what anxious maidens, doubtful and tearful, with urgent messages to departed sailors; what hosts' of duns, and piteous creditors, and miserable lazzaroni ; what rich men deaf to poor rela- lions, and poor men grateful for rare bounties ! Happy is the professional letter-writer out of , Whose memory- these things fade quickly beyond recollection. Our idea of such would be a man of phlegm— stony and punctilious; the ever changing moods of mind which the calling demands would wear' out a nervous or impassioned writer ere his indentures were 4ry. We saw also, at the street corners, the iponey-changers — many of Them .women — sitting behind little tables, upon which were piles of silver and. copper , .coin. < ; This , was i a very interesting sight, for they looked as if they had just stepped out of- the Bible. On ur way to," the "Museum a funeral passed .down the street. The hearse was of the funereal colour, .with glass sides; through " lich the coffin' -goqld Ije seen, and, at the toqt? j;he figure of womiin; draped in black a tappm In the next mourning cqach ' sat four nuns, qttired in \yhite #nd black; each bearing a lighted candle. The friends, also dressed in black, followed on foot. The Museum is a very large and handsome 'building, and contains many valuable objects . of antiquarian interest ; but, as the afternoon ws slipping away, and .the hour for the departure of the vessel approached, we re luctantly abandoned the. intended view of them". Indeed, the whole time at our disposal was so short, that our impressions of Naples were of a hurried and imperfect kind. There was, however, a depressing air of decay about the city, which looked like a big bazaar the day after the fair. At the Custom House we found the following curious bit of' English carefully painted upon a notice board : — " The travellers are begged to declare, before that the visit'be undertaken, the objects on :which Custom house duties are to be paid, ,and especially the salt and tobacco, that they bring with themselves, or in their baggages, in order- to avoid fines-for want of declara tion." - / We steamed out of the Bay of Naples in .the evening, - but all the historic beauties ot the place were veiled in mist and rain. It would be unfair to make a comparison between a town seen in the : clear atmosphere and vernal robes of summer, and one seen under autumnal skies; but we think Naples, even in the summer months, cannot be more delight ful than Oban. There is a panoramic splen dour in the view, but not that crisp coolness in the air (left in the wake of Spring), which braces one up to a tu 11 enjoyment of the beauties of the fashionable watering place of : the North of Scotland. : Sicily and yEtna. Early'next morning we entered the Straits of Messina, and saw, on the south-west, the largest island in the Mediterranean— Sicily. It is almost triangular, whence its ancient name of Trinacria. . It was here dwelt those Cyclopean monsters who played so important a part in the poems of Virgil. The towns of Scvlla, and Reggio were very distinctly seen on the slopes of the Italian shore, Ranked by serrated lines of volcanic, rock, which seemed against the horizon, a rough sea petrified. Round the corner of a rugged promontory, at the foot of the Madonian range, lay historic Syracuse, its white flat-roofed houses and courts glistening in the morning sunlight. Rising directly from the sea, like some . fabulous monster of eld, was iEtna, with its height of nearly 11,000 feet, and circum ference of 100 miles. The shape of the mountain is that of a depressed cone. It is formed of superimposed, mountains; and the principal volcano is surrounded by others less in size, but always active, and ever changing their form under the influence of the subter ranean forces. These forces have been at work there since the dawn of history, within which record the most disastrous eruption is said to have occurred in the twelfth century,; when, a town built upon the slopes of the, mountain was completely overwhelmed, and 15,000 of its inhabitants- buried. A story is also told (and we have seen.it authenticated),, of an eruption ot extraordinary violence in the seventeenth century, when the blue-black lava poured out of the crater like a fiery sea, and overflowed the country for forty days ; but an, eruption is always preceded by a vibration of the earth in the vicinity of the mountain,, which increases until the pressure within is relieved, and Humes, scorise, and lava burst from the crater; so that the adventurous Sicilian, who makes his home upon the mountain side and builds cities there, has ample time.for escape, it he will but take warning. When we sawiEtna, his fires. were inactive, and his brow girt with a shining coronet of snow; but a thin grey smoke hung over the central crater. PARTING PROM THE MEDITERRANEAN. A day- or two after, we left the realm of sunsets; the titleless sea in the silence of whose valleys lie grim relics oi ancient Greece, Rome, Carthage — the spoils ol battle and, the bones of men. Upon whose placid bosom lay the fleet of the world-conquering and magnanimous Alexander — his soldiers flushed with, success, and. panting for new victories on the banks of the. Ganges. Later, the fleet of Agathoeles, bound for Carthage ; later still the " white wings" .of the Roman fleet under the Emperor and Agricolce, bound tor the Pillars of Hercules (Gibraltar), and thence to that little green island in the Atlantic,, whose white-skinned people were so tenacious of liberty—so noble in peace, so dreadful in war. The conquering Roman could not foresee the o'roater Briton- to whom he was lamp- bearer, or earliest preceptor in civil govern ment ; but could he have looked toward the East then, with such seer's vision, he must have seen a blaze of light there Uhnst, the sweet and holy man— the lovely flower 'and expression of the spiritual— to the perfection of whom ages of Hebrew ceremonial had been slowly struggling. Later, he would have seen, over the bosom of this Mediterranean, a light come flickering to the west— Paul, the champion of the new Christ idea, bearing his message to Rome. - < The water of the Mediterranean is ot the most lovely blue, with white foam caps dashed into sparkling phantasies by the light breeze. . l'ORT SAID Is the coaling station, and centre for the telegraph, in the Suez Canal, and is supposed to' have a population of about 10,000. We 'steamed into the mouth of the canal, between the lighthouse and the quay, about. 11 o'clock in the morning, under a cloudless sky, and, m very warm weather. The buildings were of European construction, built of wood for the most part? balconied and tile- roofed, and generally two storeys high. One long street faces the quay, and those intersected _ run back into the Arab'town on the margin of the desert. The streets are entirely of sand, which absorbs all moisture, dries quickly, and presents a clean surface. The population ot this terminal part ot the Canal is raade up o all nationalities— Erench, English, Italian, Servian, Circassian, German, Greek, Arabian, Nubian, and Egyptian: On the shore, im- mediately in front of the main street, there stood, in. waiting, a grey battalion of donkeys, each with an attendant Arab ooy, auu we had barely touched Egyptian soil when we were 1 surrounded, by them. Clever little fellows many of .theiboys were— speaking a broken English, Erench and German ; and, we were told, many . of them add Italian to. these languages, and speak it with consider able fluency. In the town the streets were . broad and the shops all verandahed, though kept 'in a slovenly -fashion, save those for drinking, and they were cool, clean and, pleasant. The general drink is claret, winch may be got, of a very good kind, for three pence a glassful. The sign-boards over the. shops showed the mixed nationality of the people. They were in German, Erench, English; Grreek, and Italian, but all the street bills and public j notices were in Frenc e most popular language. Attracted by one. of these advertisements, we looked into the )." Theatre d'Eldorado?'? . where, during the. afternoon, a performance was given for the benefit of the victims of a recent fire in the Arab village at the back of the town. We found it a" large building, rather gorgeously decorated with, crimson curtains and gold leaf, and well furnished with chairs and side seats. A large orchestra, composed of well dressed Englishmen and Frenchmen for the brass instruments, and (we were told) Circassian and Erench ladies for the violins, played a number of operatic airs with a trained effi ciency seldom found out of the large European cities. The performers seemed to enter into the spirit of the. music, only excepting the man with the 'cello, who looked like the ghost of "The Last Minstrel" on a short engagement. The women were dressed after the latest models of the Parisian Worth, were well- featured, and very pure of complexion ; and we hoped they were all decently married — they would give so much beauty to the com ing race. The Arab town, from which we expected so much, proved a sad failure it was a strange compound of Oriental tinsel and dirt and European vice, but we must re member that it was not an Arab town, but a village. At any rate, the European influence has not improved the place ; it has rather, we think, added' vice to indigence. The old Romans were remarkable amongst the nations of their, time for the contrary. They did not so much exact taxes or import vices, as im press their civilisation — their social and po litical system — upon the subjugated races. The Arab bazaar in the centre of the cluster of huts, was made up of two rows of shambles, "with a ragged covering of Indian matting, and the goods— fruit, vegetables, fish, and black bread mainly — were exhibited on trays. Iu this bazaar was the most primitive of schools. On a platform, having a roof of matting, but no walls, sat about thirty black little children, of both sexes, hall-clad, woolly- headed and sore-eyed. The " dominie," a supremely ugly Arab, attired in a single, and singularly dirty, combination garment, re clined, with' an air of easy affluence, against the corner post, and smoked a very long cigar having a very bad smell. He was bare-footed and bare-headed, hut had all the conscious ness of a village " masher." Iu his right hand was a long rod, which looked like a "pointer," but since there was nothing to poi'ut at we wondered what its use might be, until we saw him deliberately poke up a youngster on the outskirts of the little crowd, "who had just dropped asleep in the warm sunshine. The "masher" then shifted the cigar and made another thrust at the be wildered boy, with the rod, but he dodged it this time, and the rear boy got a tickler under the short ribs. At a signal from the " masher the children clasped each other round the. neck and rocked to and fro, chanting a stave or two of a monotonous melody. This con cluded, the cigarist bowed to the little crowd of onlookers, and, calling up his best smile, asked, in a rumble of Arabic, it they had auy money to spare. The children then set-to upon pieces of tin to copy lines from the Koran. The ink was held in a saturated sponge between the fingers, and into this they dipped a piece ol pointed wood, and with it traced the characters"' upon the tin. The air above them was thick with flies, and these clustered about the eyes, ears, and nostrils ot the children, who, however, worked on un mindful of' them1. The entire place was ruin ous, and, on the human side, piteous. The glory ot the Egyptians has for ever passed away. One stuffy old mummy would find a higher market in the world than hundreds of living Egyptians. Human life is very cheap there, as in other Eastern countries. Men, women, and children, lie about in the dust, like the denizens of Nile mud. 