A TALE OF fOKEBT LOVE. Bi PEUTETEE. NOT in the dress is tbe loveliness, In its richness or its oost: Not In embroidery, fabric, or tnuoh less In pearl necklace or braoelet embossed: Not in bedl&ening; tbe form for show, Or tot rivalry or pride: The law of dress is in the thought Of all that in dress is implied, And adapting tbe drees thereto With fitness simple and trne To thfe law—union of means and end. For raiment is but a substitute, Poor and mean to sight and sense, For the robe of primal innooenoe, Lost at the tree of forbidden fruit, And woman first in the offenoe: First in the sin, and most in tbe woe Whteh from her fault must ever flow ; MbBt in the Borrow and the pain, Most to suffer as first to stain The spotlesB mautle In whioh arrayed She came from the hand of Him who made. And to soften her grief and to abate The misery of her seoond state Was the sacred love to woman given Of dresB, as a boon from heaven, Sweetly suited to oonsole her In her spirit's bitter dolour. DtaBE IB her noience, and her mind An artist's joy will ever find, In attuning the diBcords of varying hues, And seleot, adopt, adjust, and choose, So that her raiment aB a whole Will testify to the artist's soul; For more is required than lady's-maid care To adorn with caution, to skilfully spare Exoess of effort everywhere. Thus we obtain a moral hiBtory Of woman's mind by her toilet's mystery, And hence, our forest hermit said, I know by her dreBB what maiden to wed. • * # So judged our judge, andBO judging, He calls the fair culprits to trial, As he reBtB on his bench, disdaining The voice of the merry viol In the dancing tent, where they twirl and twine To a waltz tune round and round. One and all they come at his call, And his verdict will soon be found. In ideal procession on they come— Loud at the feast, but here quite dumb ; And from head to foot, with cynic eye, He eyeB them aB faBt as glance can fly. # # * Seven in seven seconds he condemns AB foreBt dowdies, manifest. Three more were slovens—see the hems Of their skirts, and hair an owl's nest; Sandal stringB broken and tied j Hooks and eyes absent from duty— Bad fiignB in a would be bride, And bad set-offs to beauty. Two more were a dual pattern Of that feminine Phoenix, Slattern. Then, one was a hoyden—said " Faix"— DresB—half schoolgirl, half boy, but pretty. Two were flirtB—worewiden wakes. One a coquette, but very witty, Overloaded with ringB and flounces. One a prude he pronounces, Perfumed with affectation, Tight Btays—an abomination. * # * Three remain. Our judge grows more keen; Over his breast he joinB tbe tips Of three fingers, to note with; his lips He compreBBea and counts " Eighteen : Tall—fine waiat—eyeB bluish-green— Minerva- like—thought in the tone Of her dreBB, silver dotted eerophane— Too baU- roomish here—BIIO is vain, Yet ladylike; let her stand ABide while I look at the next. Nineteen : fair height—good hand— Blonde—shapely limbs—eyes, dark gray, Large, and earnest—girl not easily vexed— DreBB, spotted muslin trimmed with light Pink—nioe for the day and oool; Believe me that girl is no fool. Now let me look at MiBB Twenty: Brunette—Boft, melting, brown eyes—plenty Of mind about her—frock, dark brown Plaided silk, cross Btripe orange—a gown Foil to her oomplexion and oomplement, Good bust—arohed instep—hair, a orown Of beauty; Hebe and Psyche blent Into harmonious development. Lot me review these three agBin: JSrophane, muslin, Bilk—but just (hen His judgBhip was stopped in hiB summing By the noiBe of intruders, coming Towards the trellis where he reposes Under the cereouB and Cyprus roBes. And they who came were unaware That a judge waB sitting upon them there. Four of 4.he dameelB from tbe ddnce Had taken tho pathway quite by chance, ; Chatting and laughing as damsels do, Arm in arm, but two by two. . Ho rose not, but hastily threw HiB arm aoroBB his oyea, which he closed, ' In semblance of slumber, and hidden from , , . view By the foliage round whero he reposed. iBut passingthe bower, and sidoways peeping One of the damsels, saw him Bleeping Jr&Bt; and sound, and dreaming in peace, .As a fox that watcheth a flookof geese. Hut, girls, hiit, she whisperingly wid, Here's our deserter, alive or dead j i&wefet; innocent, doting with the doves— X tny, girlff, what * ohsnoe lor gloves. Who'« game to get them P Jane Hulra, you go, jf Bht if he waken, you know,: And catch me," said Jane j "you try it Mary LangstaSfej *nd g«& th* prize by it." } " If he wot asleep," said Polly, " I shouldn't mind oommitUng tbe folly-* Not for the gloves, but for tbe fun Of frightening him for having run Away from us as the danoe begun." " That's only the the talk of a coward," Said Alice Ware t "you, Nelly Howard, Dash in and win, ana make him pay For giving us the slip to-day." Thus they were jesting and tittering, Like a cage of canary birds twittering, When up to the group there came A fifth mam'selle of forest fatne As the Maid of the Mill, and they bade her |>ull off his hat, and bell the eat For the trick that day he had played her; And she thrust aside the jasmine sprays, And looked with a lone contemptuous gate, Unsmiling as a gorgon s stare, And she said, "Poor old man! Faugh leave him there; I wouldn't kiss him if I got A new gold watch upon the spot; But come, girls, there's tea and sherbet In the front verandah just now set." And off they ran, merrily soreaming, To lull the babe in his cradle dreaming. WaB it a enako that stung him ? Why is his faoeBO red P Was it the rack which wrung him, Aud jerked him from his bed P Had the ruBtie seat taken fire That he leaped from off it BO fast P Why quivers his lip—is it ire ? What tremor over him passed P For an inBtant quite still he stands, Then he re-eehoed her words, " Old man I Old ! am I old P—soaroe thirty-six— Is that the extreme of life's span P Old ! am I a oripple on sticks P Am I blind or deaf P—not deaf, no, As you, Miss of the Mill, shall know." Then cautiously he raised a branoh Of a moBs-roBe tree, and looked after The troop of damsels retreating ; Then—with words whioh, if heard, might blanoh Her cheek, and quell her laughter, And set her pulses beating- He mutters: " Now, Maid of the Mill, The moon to-night is one week old, And ere she her oresoent shall fill— Without getting a watoh of gold— You'll jump at this old man's offer; Quick you'll oome of your own free will, And kiss him at hiB first proffer." And lest my memory should grow dull This rosebud here as witness I pull Of what's in store in destiny's coffer For you, my fair Maid of the Mill." He broke off a red moBB-rose, half-blown, And fastened it in his coat breast, Adjusted hiB hair, no trace is Bhown Of the sudden Bimoom whioh bad thrown His blood into such hot unrest. And he hastened down to mingle With the throng where the teaspoons tingle, And the lovely brunette presides. He asked for a cup—her manner was ooy— But he changed her ooynesB into joy By hb lively rattle, and derided HiB forenoon morosenesB with such grace They Bmiled him pardon from every face. His wit, his bon mot, his repartee, His conundrum, riddle, raillery Were fresh as dew, and as brilliant too; And for every girl he had a word Which flattered and fluttered her heart, And though light the word, it greatly stirred A thought she was sorry to part— Excepting the Maid of the Mill, aud she Had only the proudeBt courtesy. But after tea ne asked her to sing, And to tbe piano led her, lane Hulm to her neighbour whispering That the maid's ooneoienoe had flea her, AncTif he knew the feeling trne Of the maid as they four knew it, Would he beat time to her Beoond-rate ohime And attend with such pleasure to it P Did they not see the rosebud sign Of his resentment's dark design ? She sang and she played, nis thanks ha bowed, But her colour slightly ohanged When with dulcet voioe, low not loud, For the bystanders near them ranged: " You deserve a gold watoh, fair maid, For the Linzt-like style with whioh you played." Then ere she oould speak, he turned to request The ooquette to charm them with her best And most fiokle melody, And bring the tears into every eye. "Fiokle I" she cried, "is musiolike youP" " Yes, musio is fiokle," he said, " when Bung By a siren with a fiokle tongue." The brunette, a deep soprano, Then followed with wood notes sweet, And Abt and Moore a,nd Torreano Paid each their tribute meet. Then oame the hermit's turn, and the keys He touched with lightnesB, rapidity, ease, With insight and graoe, and he Bang With a tenor, rioh and soft, A song whioh once with weloome rang From the Horns to the Sultan's harem— The dear old ha chi dare Then he took the dook master's guitar, And he Baid to (ho lady Brunette— " Now, you shall be my Juliet, And I, as your Romeo, will Your ears, and gently roar yott A ditty how I adore you, If yon will elimb up in that gum tree, For want of a better baloony." He eang a Venetian serenade, And then « gipsy patter; What the Hoxton ghost to the fat girl said, And how the fat girl grew fatter. An hour-was left for a parting danoe, - And Bruwftte fcts ' And his dancing—'twas elegance— No damsel liad partner suoh as he. » i t Sis o'clock! the gun is fired, To warn all the boats to get ready j No one was weaiy. no one tired, All sorry to go, all willing to stay, On the lovely eve of so lovily a day, And hear onr hermit sing and play, And danoe with him the night away. But here's the first boat—now, steady. He stands on the pier and hands them in, With a oheerful good-bye to eaoh. 'TWBB the hoyden's boat; she had lost the gold pin Of ber shawl ooming down the beach. He said he would find it and send it; But when they were off in the boat She said, " Faix, she would rather he'd keep and bend it To fasten the flowers in hiB ooat." Then to boat after boat he bade With kind but sprightly good night, And hoped by the full moon's light For another and merrier meeting. The Maid of the Mill was last to go, With her sisters and other friends; But he had so much oare to bestow On her mother, that te no other His attention he extends, And yet without seeming to slight them, For bis plan was to delight them. But while trimming the boat, the Maid Aloud to her mother said: How sorry they were he must ride So late through the forest and orosB The Black Swan Greek at high tide, And venture the Pitman Moss. He stood on the jetty until Her boat was out of sight Then he said, "Now, fair Maid of the Mill, If a prophet I be, You'll think more of me Than of your prayers to-night." And in every boat going baok That night from the launoh there was no Iaok Of dieoourse about the hermit, His singing, and dancing, and playing. Even the prude would give him permit To come with them instead of staying; And in every boat It was put to the vote, And the vote, item, eon., was oarried, Both by damsel and by dame, That it was a sin and a shame Suoh a nice young man wasn't married. * * # A bright, but sultry, summer's noon Is shining on the lake, A thousand grasshoppers their tune In chirping ooncert make, And the forest in silence listens To the shrill, eternal drone Of their choral monotone, And the soaly lizard glistens AB he basks on branch or stone— There is languor in the air, There is longing for the shade— The flowers shrivel in the glare By the torrid sunbeamB made. The Maid of tbe Mill Bits turning The leaves of her unread book, Oppressed by a hot wind, burning As if from an oven it took Its hot and fiery breath. Life to the weedB in their poison nook— To the gems of the garden, death. She cannot read, Bhe cannot keep Her thoughts upon the story, And would sink full soon into sleep ' Were it not for a spectre gory, That oomes in the shape of a fear Whioh followed her from the pier— Why shook he not hands with herp And then, why did he recur To the gold watch P Was he awake WhenBO imprudently she spake As he lay on the rustio seat P If he was asleep, how repeat Her words about the gold watch P This Was what she wished, yet feared to know, But no one oould tell the troubled MiBB, Except the hermit him9elf—and Lo The hermit stood before her, Casting surprise and confusion o'er her. 23rd April, 1884. 