Ill U IltMll, When first I remember my aunt Barbara she wns over 40 years of age, but she could never havo been accounted a linndsomo woman. Sho was very tall and very angular, with a long thin- face, tho most remarkable feature of which yvns a Roman nose of com manding proportions. Rut as sho had ono of the kindest hearts in tho world, her paucity of good looks scorned a matter of trifling moment to thoso who had the privi lege of knowing her well. It wns nt my request that, some two or tbreo years beforo her denth, she wrote out the following narra- tive of nn actual occurrence in her life. I put tho manuscript away at tho time, and did not como across it again until tho other day. On looking over it onco more, it seemed to mo not unworthy of being trans- scribed for a wider circle of readers than that comprised by tho writer's immoiinto friends nnd acquaintances : You ask me to go back in memory (begins period of remoto autiquity, when Ir Barbara waldron, was 2-1 years of nge, and my sister Bessie fivo years younger, nnd endeavor to put down in writing tho little story I told you by word of mouth a few days ago. You must know, then, that in thoso far-off days my. sister and I were keeping houso for our brother John, who at that time filled tho position of stewnrt and land agent to Lord Dorrington. The houso wo lived in was a pleasant but somowhnt lonely residence, about half a milo from the little oountry town of Levensficld. The houso suited its for several reasons. In tho first place, the rent was low ; in tho next, a large walled garden wns attached to it, in which Bessie and 1 spent many happy hours ; nnd in the third place, there wns a side entrance to Dorrington Park, by which my brother could take a short out to the hall whenever be had business with his landlord, or his lordship had business with him. Our house hold wns a small ono, and besides ourselves comprised only Mary Gibbs, a middle-aged ITUUillU, UUU UUI UIUIA.-, U 111 Ul AW. SlUUUtl horse nud gig were looked after by a young man named Reuben Gates, who did not, however, Bleep on tbo premises. An impor tant part of John's duties was to receive nnd pay into the Levensficld Bank tho rents duo from tho farmers and other, tenants of pro perty held under Lord Dorrington. Ono such tenant was a certain Mr. Shillito, a corn and seed merchant, who was noted for his eccentricities. It wns only in keeping with Mr. Bhillito's aggravating way of doing business that he should never pay his rent at the time other people paid theirs ; that ho should pay it in gold and .notes, instead of giviog n check for tho amount, ns ho was quito in a position to have done, and that bo should make a poiut of bringing it himself, instead of naming a time when my brother might havo callcdvupon him ; and finally, that he seldom arrived with tho money till after banking hours. We come now to a certain Autumn even ing. Kitty hod just brought in the tea-tray. It was growing dusk, almost too dusk to sco clearly without tho lamp, but Rccsio and I liked to economise tho daylight ns much as possible, especially now as tho long winter nights were so closo upon us. John had come in for n cup of tea. This evening ho was going to drive over to Netkcrcroft, some ten miles away, dino there with some friends, nud stay nil night. After dinner there was to be a danco ; and I was not without my suspicious ns to the nature of tho attraction which was taking him so far from home, al though ho laughingly pooli-poohod tho soft, impeachment when X challenged him with it. John was in the act of putting down his cup and saucer when ho heard a noise of wheels outside, which presently came to a stand op posite the house. He crossed the room and peered through the window. " It's old Shillito, como to pay his rent," he remarked a moment later. " Two hours after banking time, as usual. What a nuis ance ho is?" Ho went down stairs; and about ten weeks later-we hear Mr, Shilltto's trap start off, Presently John came back, " Ninoty pounds, all In gold and notes," ho said. I've hnd to lock it up in my desk till morning." I may hero remark that iron safes for tho custody of money and other valuables were by no mcauB so common in thoso days, es pecially in out-of-the-way country places, ns thoy appear to have sinco become. II Dut the money will bo qaito enfo in your desk, won't it, John ?" asked llessic. w oare onougn wituouc a aouot, seeing tuat no.one but oursolves knows of its presence there. Only, ns n' matter of business, I should prefer to have had it in tho coffers of tho bank." Presently be added: "The old fellow was half-seas over, ns lie generally is, and I have no doubt, with ro many houses of call by tho way, that he will Iks soaked through and through before he reaches home. I wonder whether ho goes to 'bed sober a night in his life." A few minutes Inter John kissed us and bade us good-night. Rcssio nnd I went to the window to see him sturt, but by this time it was nearly dark. Ho, waved his whip nt us as soon ns he had settled himself in his scat, then lie gave the reius a little shake. Black Gcryl'snccls struck firo from the stones as she sprang forward, tho gravel scrunched beneath the wheels, and a momeat Inter the shadows of evening hnd swallowed np horse and gig and driver. My sister and I pulled down the blinds and drew the curtains, and fang for Kitty to bring iu the lamp. The evening passed after our usual quiet fashion. Wc worked a little and read a little, nnd played some half-dozen duets and chatted between times, till the clock pointed to 10.30 o'clock, at which hour wo generally retired for the night. My last duty every evening wns to go the round of the house and satisfy mysolf that all the lights were out nnd the fires were safe, and that all tho doors and windows were properly secured. When this duty'had been duly accomplished to-night the drawing-room lamp wns extin guished, and then Bessie nnd I took our bed candles and marched up-stntrs, leaving dark ness and solitude behind us. Mary Gibbs and Kitty had retired long ago. My sister's room and mine adjoined each' other, with a door of communication be tween, which generally stood partly open nt night for the sake of companionship. The windows of both rooms looked into the garden, which tan in a long strip aloDg that side of the house, and wns shut in by n wall somo seven or eight feet high, beyond which there were three or four meadows, nnd then the boundary wall of Dorrington l'nrk. It wns olosc on 1 o'clock — as I found out aflerwnrds— when 1 awoke suddenly from n sound sleep. Tho inRtnnt I opened my eyes tho room was illuminnted by a vivid flash of lightning, nnd it was it was in nil probability a pea! of thunderthnt had broken my slumbers. Another flash followed after n brief interval, succeeded again by tho deafening accompaniment. My sleep was cffcotunlly broken. I arose, flung a shawl over my shoulders, nnd crossing to tho window drew back tho blind and peeped out. As long ago as I can remember, light ning has always had a singular fascination for mc. As a child 1 loved to gnzo uyon its vivid fp'endours and in this respcot'at least years .have loft rae unchanged. A board oreaked as I crossed tho floor. . "Is that you, Barbara; naked my Bister from the other room. " Yes, dear. I am going to look oat for a few minutes. Is not the lightning beauti ful ?" " Very beautiful J only I wish it were any whero rather than hero," answered Bessie, who at suoh times was just as norvons as I wns ttio rovcreo. . Tho flashes followod each other at inter vals of about a minuto. I bad witnessed thrcco or four, when suddenly I gave a start and oxolomation broko involuntarily from by Hps. Tlio last flashy hnd revealed to bo tho figures of two men in tho not of climbing over tho garden. One of tho men was a stranger to io ; but in tho othor, instan taneous as was tho revelation, I recognised tho somewhat peculiar face and figure of a man named Dcthol, whom my brother had employed temporarily during tho last woek or two in tho garden, our regular man being la'd up nt tho time with rheumatism. There was something in tho looks of tho man in question that bad set mc against him from tho first ; but if wo woro alt to bo judged by our looks alono what would become of u«i? For aught I know to tho contrary, Dcthol. might bo nn 'honest, hard-working follow, with a wifo and children dependont on him ; bnt for all that, oh tho days ho was working for us I carefally refrained from going into tbo garden. And now thero was this man and another with him. effecting n surreptitious entry of tho premises at 1 o'clook. in tho morning I 8uch a proceeding could have bnt one end in view. Two questions at onco pat thorn- eclvos to me. Firstly, were these mon aware that my brother was from homo for the night, and. that only thrco helpless women ATlH A frirl WiiTn lnff. In tha hnnaa f jiammlU bad they by somo racnns bccomo cognisant of the fact thnt a fotv hours previously Mr, Bhillitohad paid my brother a considerable sum of money, which must necessarily still bo souiowhcre on the promises? In ray there was little doubt tbat both these facts woro fully known to the men. My brother's movements were fully known to open ns the day, and Dothol had doubtless ascertained from Reuben, the groom, that bis mnstor would bo from homo on this particular night ; while, as for Mr. Shillito, everybody know how ho talkod In his loud-voiced way about his most private affairs when ho had taken moro to drink . than was good for him. At the bar or more than ono tavorn that even ing every one who might chanco to be with- in honring would not fail to bo informed tbat Mr. Shillito bad just paid John W These thoughts flashed through my mind almost as quickly as that flash which re-, vcalcd so much. Breathlessly I waited for tho next flash. It came, shattering tho darkness for an Instant, and then it too was visible.- Between tho two flashes thoy bad had time to drop on tho inner sido of tho wall, where tho thick clumps of evergreens which clothed thnt part of tho grounds would effectually screen them from view. At thnt very moment thoy were doubtless making their way stealthily towards tho house. What was to be dono ? Nover bad I realised so fully as at that moment how helpless a creature a woman is. Drawing ray shawl more closely around me, and putting on a galr of list slippers which I woro about tbo ouse in cola weather, I crept noiselessly out of the room. At the top of tho stairs I halted nnd listened, but all was silence tho most profound. The corridor out of which tho bedroom opened was lighted at tho opposite end'- by a high narrow window which looked into the garden. To this window I now made my way," and thero with car pressed to tho cold glass,- 1 stood and listened. Presently I heard tho faint sound of footsteps, and then the subdued voices of two pcoplo talking to each othor Directly under tho placo where I was stand ing was the back drawing-room, which opened on tho garden by -means of a French wludow : and, although this window wns secured at night by shutters, I had an idea thnt the security in question wns moro fancied thnn real, and was of a kind that would bo laughed to scorn by any burglar who wns acquainted with his business. If the men had mado up their minds to break into the houBe— and with what other object should tbey bo there?— tho probability wns that they would mako tbo attempt by tbo way of the French window. Even whila this thought was passing throught my mind tho voices of men sank to a whisper, and a low, grating sound mane itself heard. Evidently thoy hnvo already begun to forco tho fasten ings of the window. I crept back to my room, fooling uttorly dozed and helpless. "Is thnt you, Barbara? "Where havo you been ?" asked my sister. Going into her room, I sat down on the bed and told her everything in ns fow words ns possible. Sho was of a somewhat timid ana nervous disposition, and my news visibly affected he. Sho eatup in bed tremblingond clinging to my arm. " Perhaps," sho whispered, " if wo lock our bedroom doors and keep very quiet tbey will go nway without coming near us." " Why, you goose, it's not us they have como after, but Mr. Shillito's £90," 1. answered. . "And tncroa poor mamma's silver tea- Bcrvlco down stairs ; 1 hopo thoy won't find that," said Bessie. 1 hoped so too, but there was no judging how much Dctbcl hnd contrived to ascertain respecting us mid our affairs, 1 went to the corridor window again nnd listened. The noise mndc by tho men wns now plainly dis tinguishable. It sceraed as if they were trying to file or out their way through somo obstruction. After listening for a few moments I went back to my room and began, almost mechanically, to put on a few articles of clothing, asking myself again and again ns I did so whether it waa not possible todo something— though what that something ought to be I know no more than the man in tho moon. The nearest house wasa qunrtor of a milo away, nnd even if I could have stolen out unnoticed by way of tho front door, beforo I could hnvo reached the farm and brought back belp tho burglars would havo effected their purpose nnd decamped. Oar pecuniary means at the tirao were very straitened. For some timo back John had been paying off somo old family debts ; and tho Iosb of the £90 — which, ns A matter of course ho woald feel bound to make good — would bo grent blow to bim. If I could only hnvo got at tbo .monoy and have hiddon it whero burglars would not bo likely to find it, I felt thnt I should havo accomplished some thing, But tbo bag wns locked up in John's strong mahogany desk, and was as utterly boyond my reach ns if it bad been in the coffers of the Bank of England, whilo yot it could hardly havo been placed moro con-, renicntly ready to the band of tho thieves. To them tho strong mahogany desk would rcom a trifling obstacle indeed. All this time, metaphorically speaking, I was wringing my bnnas, knowing full well how precious wcro tho fast fleeting moments, hut only feeling my helplessness the more 1 strove to discern somo loop-hoio of escape. Ob, tho wrctcbcriqcss of such feeling 1 I hopo never to experience it again in thesntno degree as ex per iced it thnt night. Tho lightning, if not quito so vivid nn it hnd been re Iittlo u hi'o previously, still cauio in ns frequent flashes, nud by its light my siKter nnd I made n hurried toilet. Our house stood n little way back from the high- road, from wliicli it wns divided by a tiny lawn nnd low Kciccn of evergreens. Once or twice in the course of the night one of the mounted constabulary would rldu slowly pjist ns he went his rounds ; but I was without any knowledge aa the particular timo when ho might bo expected, or whether, in fact, tho time nt which ho might bo looked for at any specified jioint did not vary from night to niglit. Still there was just n possihlity that he might put in an appearance at- any moment ; so I stationed Bessie at tho window to keep a lookout for him, and Iks iu readi- ness to raise nn alarm tho momont sho heard tbo tramp of bis horse's hoofs, For once, in a way the lightning was something to bo thanked for ; each flash lighted up tho high road for a considerable distance on both sides of tho house. When this was dono it seemed ns every thing possible had been done, and yet it was next to nothing. With both hands pressed to my eyes, 1 stood thloklng as -I seemed never to have thought before. ' Then it was tlmt— as sudden, swift, and startling as one of thoso flashes that were momentarily illu. mining the oat world— and idea shot through my brain which for an instant or two seemed to causo my heart to stand still. And yet at the first flush it was on idea that hnd about It something so preposterous, ludicrous oven, that had the need been nt all less imminent I should have discarded it at once as little better thnn the inspiration of a mad woman, But, preposterous as the idea might seem, for tho life of rae I could think of no other, and every minuto now was invaluable. There was no timo for hesitation, I must discard it or adopt it, and that without a moment's doUy, "I will try it ; it can but fall," I said to myself, with an inward groan. On: the. toilet table was a jar ofwhito tooth-powder, which had been replenished tbo prcvidu8 day, I sbook out a quantity of this powder, shut my oyes, and proceeded to rub it tbickiy ovor my faco, arms, and bands. That dono, I drew tho whito covorlot off tho bed and draped mysolf with it loosely from . hood to foot ; then I unbound my hair, which in thoso days was obony black and reached below my waist, and sbook it round niy faco and ovor my shoulders ia " moat 'admired disorder,"- I was now ready for the rolo I had mado up my mind to enaot. Bcssio line told mo sinco that she thought I havo taken leave of my senses. - Just nt A i...., t uiuuiuiik w; VUllUb W«3 VUU)|HUWU, UUU as I turned and advanced towards her, an other long, quivering flash lighted up tho room. A low shriek burst involuntarily from my sister's lips, and sho shrank away from mo as though I was something altoget her uncanny. " Oh, Barbara, dear, what is tbo mattor?" sho cried. " Wby do you frighten mo so ?" " It is not yon I want to frigbton, hut tho mon down stairs," I replied. Then, in n fow hurried words, I told her my plan, Sho would havo tried to dissuade mo, but there was no timo to listen. Loaving her there watching by tho window, ready to raiso an alarm in case tho mounted ooustablo should pass on his round, I stole Bwiftly nnd nolsolossly down tho carpeted stairenso and only paused when I reached the corrridor below. I could hear a subdued murmur of voices and a moment later 1 was startled by a noiso of -foiling glass. Tho burglars had succeeded in effecting an entrance. Thoy and I were separated only by the drawing- room door, whlob, although locked,- was 'an WUOMIWilU kUUk TQI V IW>V lUlIIIUUS WUUIU BUU1UO to ovorcomo. with an indrawlng of my breath I sped quiokly past the 'door along tbo length of the corridor until I ; reached the opposite end, whore thore wcro two more doors, opo of thorn being thnt of my brothcVs offlco, which also was locked nnd from the locked and from the lock of which I now withdrew tho key. I have oraitlcd to state that tho window of John s office was secured by two stout bars, which was pro bably ono reason wby the thieves had choson to effaob an entrance at a point moro readily adapted for thoir purpose. The second floor at tne end of tho corridor shut off a short fas sage leading to tho kitchen. This door succeeded in oponing without uoise. I had decided to tako my stand a little way on tbo inner side of it, and tboro await tho course of ovonts. By this timo the men wcro busily at work foroing tho lock of the drawing room, door. A thin thread of light which shone from under showed that although the lightning was still ob freqnen as before, tboy did not find it sufficient for their purpose. 8carco!y breathing, I waited, I wns too exeitcd, too wrought up, tho tension of my norves was to oxtremo to allow of any per sonal fear, It was all torribly real, yet with a fitrnngo, voguo sense of unreality under lying it. . I felt as if I should not havo been surprised had I woke up and found tbo whole affair resolve itself into a dream, whilo yot fully assured in my mind that it wns nothing of the kind. Suddenly the noiso nt tho door ceased ; the look had been forced. . The thread of light disappeared ; for a fow mo ments all was silonco tho most profound. Then a faint creaking, which at any other ; time would havo been inaudible, told mo that tho drawing room door was being opened and thnt tho aruoial moment had como. I pressed one hand ovor my ear, nod for n few briof sooonds aa almost overpower- log longing seized me ; to get back to my room at any cost , nnd lock myself within. Butitwn9too lata; by this timo the men wore in tbo corridor. I know it, although I could not sco them. " Where's tho door wo want ?" I heard ono whisper to tho other. "On' the right— the first door wo come to." As tbey advanced a step I did tlio'same, "What noiso wns that?" asked ono of them quickly. " Don't bo a fool. Thero wns no noise." "I tell you there 'was. Whore's the glim?" But the lightning wns quicker thnn tiic bull's-eye. It came, smiting tho darkness and flooding the corridor with tho blinding intensity of its glare. Then I saw the mon, nnd tho men saw mc, but darkness had hidden us from caoh other again before they bad time to mako sure that their oyes had not deceived them; : Ono of them gnvo a gasp nnd whispered to his mate : " What wns that tall whito thing at tho end of tho passage? Seemed tome liko a ghost," " Ghost be dashed I There ain't no such things. Hero's tbo glim. We'll soqn see what it is." As be spoke, the light of his buH's-oyo lantern wns turned full upon me. I advanced n couplo of paces and tho mon fell- back in speechless surpriso and terror. I havo often tried sinco to picture to myself the nppearenco I must have presented when seen nt such a moment and by that uncer tain light, with my ghastly, denth-liko face, my dilated oyes, ray black, snnko-likc locks, my tall figure nil in white nnd with one ex tended arm nnd finger pointed direct nt the men. I cannot wonder at the fright. At this jimctnre camo another flash, and a tcrriblo peel of thunder startled (lie air and shook tho house. At the vory instant, impelled thereto by something within mo that I was powerless to control, I hurst into a wild peal of mauiacal, blood-curdling laughter. . One step nearer I advanced, but that was enough. With a loud yell of terror tbey. turned nud fled tbe way they had como I heard a flash of shattered glass, and after that I remember nothing more til! I came to my senses, to find Bcssio supporting my head on her Inp nnd pressing her smelling-salts to my noso. .But John's £00 was waved, and it is hardlv accessary to add tlmt Dctbcl. thccx-garducr wns never scon in those parts again. 