The SiimpTRlcr's ttliost* —(*: M.\xvrr,u; Visnk, in Head's Annual Dm yon over encounter the smuggler's ghost, The spectra of Smuggling Bill , As ha leaned himself on i\n old gun-post At tho top of Towor Hill ? I think we not, though lie oomcu by night All tlui paesers-by to Bean, A Btrom;o, weird, long-shore, lubberly wight— Foa-jaokotty sort of a man. x Jin voico ia hueky, his eyna rolls wild— The other is under a patch— Hie noso is swollen—this mystio child— And.his legs wore never a match. As ho loaves the post on a midnight dull lie rocs with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany scasida hull Ho scorns; but he's only soul. I methira onoo, and I saw him oloar By n gas-lamp's dancing light, Recalling weeds nnd tobacco dear That I bought of a smuggler wiglit. And I said, " 0 runner of Kovcnuo rigs, Thou knave of thn contraband, ' ' I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs;" But ho raieol him his gnarled hand. "AvaHt with thy eopporsl" and "Yon bo blowpd!" ? , In a mixture Btrange'naid ho; " I'm in spirits now, ond I can't bo slowed In this mortial coun-tor-eo. Not sham blue ruin in bladdery skin, ,- > ', Nor tttter-hrewed oh-de-wee, That ain't paid dooty," ho said with'n grin ;? " I'm a spirit, mato, onrnt yer boo ? " I looked him up, and I looked him down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid for pigarn when ho did mo brown, And he carUiinly looked alive. But he gave me a goblin goo.so-skin leor, Aβ ho grinned with his mouth so roomy. " If yor doubts my word, take yer orutoh stick thcro, And you'll find it'll go right through mo. " Oh, woe—woe, bacco and paper brown I Oh, woo, sham oh-de-wco I I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've como from down In the furderent coim-toree. Oh, 1 wan tho wickedest wmugglor bold That never did go to sea : I sold cigars and the buyers pold, And wliat'3 to become o' me? " Oh, down by Wapping andl'oplar way, And down by the muddy Strand, And down by tho JJocke I am doomed to stray," Aud ho wrung him each (jnarly hand. " I wants to find 'em, and can't tell whore, And I doesn't know where to look j Them's pounds upon pounds, and thero's pounds to spare, Aa I hid afore I was took." Then I eaid, " Oh, seaman of doubtful cuiao, Do you como from that other ehoro ? " " Ay, mato! " as he rolled him that ono of his eyes, " And 1 don't want-to go any more." "But what are you seeking, and why uro you coihq? Why pluyedet thou me that triolt ?" " All, it'ri all along o' those weeds so—hum! Did they mako you so werry sick ? " Oh, it'n what I'm a-telling o' you, you sco," And to cast and to west he turned, " I can't remember, or may I bo Mont—KOMicihing tiiipleasantly—burned." Jle moaned as he gave mo a mournful gaze, 110 groaned him right into hist boots ; v " Oh, it'u all along o' thoiu Ilenery Clays, And them aliam Bengal cheroots. " Oh, there's {Sounds on 'om hidden I can't tell where. And Rome misfortnet bloke Will bo hunting 'em out if I don't tftko-caro ? And there inn'fc ono fit to umoltc. Ah, where did I put Vin ? Ah, where arc thoy hid ? Ah, whoro did I plant that cbost Willi Henry Olay an tho top o , tho lid ? And Wftsn't thoy bail 'miH, jeiit ? ' " " Tiioy ni.ikcs \<m up nt n bob n pound— Brown, paper in backer sravy ; And I sold 'cm a rjuid Tor n box all round, On (i snuigKler'H nlVidftvy. And down by the Thlc o' Dors I goos, And huntiii , in Katoliff Highway, Hut novov them weeds nhnll I find| 1 kno\TO, ' And they'll novcr inoio como in my way. "I never onn tnUo jutt a pla-w o , short, t 'IhotiKli I drope in nt pulilio bare, Sineo I bi'loiiKa to nnothei port, t For ?ellin(? o' phimi oiniu-i. Vor 1 used to roam ivi v nmii?(j|]or bold Who inii?fcod nt thn R'yal Hsoice; A doclpo so istalo, and n doilfto so old, But nllcrH ripo (or n rifo." Ami as I ijiv.'.ed ho wm thcio no ruoro, Not ho much na his old paa-jnokot; But there pcouied to eomo frooi n distant chore, Or from out of old Charon'a packet, " Oh, I nm the wiokcilent smo?glor bold , That nover did no (o Heft ; I novor get hot, and I novor grow cold, In thiis hido-and-oorac-seck-n-rco 1" 