COSMO G0RD3N. BOOK IIL—CHAPTER III. (Concluded.) For, of course, May's knight was none other than that tionbled man, who seemed to himself to have been living in a sort of dream ever since he came upon my lady kneeling oa her chamber floor with an open locket in her hand, and a wrapt look upon her face, a radiance of unspeakable joy that for the nonce gave her back the glow and beauty of her long past youth. As to May, as Deb looked at her, her heart almost stood still in her breast. The girl's eyes were bright with a kind of eager hunger, a longing and gazing forward to some yearnedfor vision. They looked out from beneath the shadow of ner ruffled locks and broad, feathered hat, as though scarce conscious of the reality of things near, so wistfully were they looking for things beyond and far away. Her sweet face was pale even to the lips. She put out her hand, resting it on Deo's shoulder, and bent to kiss her. The two women, thuB brought eye to eye, seemed to emit flashes of intelligence the one to the other. But Nannie, seeing her fosterchild's white cheek, and not being, like Deb, gifted with second sight, came ,hurrying out, smoothing down her apron with trembling hands, and sayingbto herself and the farmer (who with the ghost of his military bearing and distinguished carriage hastily summoned from the limbo of the past, followed closely on her heels)— "What ever's come to my dear lamb, for gracious mercy's sake ?" May kissed her nurse, but with none of the old ripple of laughter, none of the old starshine in her eyes; rather over all she did was a, gravejearnest dignity beyond her years, a something that made Nannie catch her breath and set her cap spasmodically, as though called upon to greet a stranger for whom something of a toilet must be made. When the good woman spied the strange cfoi (very traps and gins to catch the unwary) on the parlour sofa, and dusted all the bits of things npon the high wooden mantelshelf. She opened the door of this sacred chamber, and then, standing back, dropped a curtsey in her best manner. If the farm kitchen was bright with pewters in which you could see yourself, and colanders that winked at you they shone so, with coppers that made ,you blink again, and white delf plates set all a-row on hanging shelves, the "parlour" was enriched by many a trophy from foreign parts, and, above all else, by the sergeant's sword above the mantelshelf before alluded to, with his blood-red sash gracefully festooned from hilt to tip. (Doubtless Cincinnatus, in those halcyon days of rural felicity when he followed the plough contentedly, still preserved that relic of bygone glory, his dictatorial toga.) "This is Sir Peyton Bulteel," said May, addressing herself to the farmer, and still 'speaking in that wondrous manner that made her hearers feel as if it was hardly their own Miss May who had thus dropped into their midst out of the grey gloom of that November day. Yes, that's my name," said the member for Latchford, holding ont a cordial hand to Farmer Blake; and I hope you won't make a stranger of me, for I don't feel like one, I can ass are you. This little girl here has told nie so much about you all—you're Nurse Nannie," he went on, shaking hands with that bewildered woman; " and this is Deb." "Ah, sir," said Deb, if so be as Miss May's been telling you all about us, you'd easy know me by my crutch." /'Id know you by more than that," said Sir Peyton; "I'd know you by your honest kindly face, and by the love that's written there for—for God bless me, farmer, what a pig-°headed stiff-necked lot your folks hereabout are!" he went on, suddenly breaking off the thread of his discourse, " we took that shandrydan from Ambleside, and the shockheaded Jehu there wanted me to sit like a numbskull with my hands before me while he drove ns into every hole and ditch in the country; then, when I told him I must have the ribbons and see what I could do to make that old screw get along, he watched me like a cat docs a mouse, lest I should break its blessed knees, tor the fifth time or so, that did he. Does he fancy I don't know a horse's head from its tail?" All this was to gain time. Straight ahead of him Sir Peyton saw an advancing crowd of explanations, embarrassments, Heaven knows what! It was a relief to cling to the commonplace for a while. But Deb, whose grave questioning eyes had never left MiBs May's face—Deb, whose wits were sharpened by love in spite of the kind of mental duBt kicked up by Sir Peyton, saw clearly enough that a crisis was at hand; a mighty revelation of some sort, that in some way had itB root in that bog wherein to she and her dear young lady had drifted one afternoon when the white mist crept up the green hillsides and hid the sun—the mire, so fair above, so foul below, from which Bhe, Deb, and that untrustworthy third leg of hers had been pulled out by a picture-man with sad brown eyes, a soft voice, and a curly beard. Miss May did not look so much like somebody else, and so little like herself for nothing; besides, wasn't she always a lover of every living thing about the farm, and wasn't poor old Jim going clean off his head with the joy of seeing her, and she taking no more heed tli&n; nothing of his yelpings and leapings and glad quick bark ? Never once had Deb let go her dearie's hand. Whatever was coming must be borne together, even as the terrors of the great yard-dog and the white bull in the meadow had been shared in the days long past, when May, a staggering wee thing, clung to Deb's finger and felt so secure in that loving contact that wild_ beasts, chained and unchained, were as things of naught. By the time the party were seated rouud about the fire—which happily was burning in the parlour that dav as a precaution against autumn damp—Slay (always with Deb's hand holding hers) turned a questioning and wistful look upon Sir Peyton, who was sitting with a hand on each knee, and the muscles about his mouth working like those of one who falls back for some great feat of strength. The hour had come when he could shield himself behind the commonplace things of life no longer. The curtain was about to draw up upon a drama, in which, nolens volens, he must play a prominent rCle. He took his courage by both hands. "This sudden dropping on you, Mrs. Blake, needs some apclogy. I must say it feels like a vast liberty to me, that I, a perfect stranger" with an amazing gift of eloquence. "Miss May wrote more than once telling us how hapny she was along with you and—your good lady" (here Deb stumbled a little, as not being quite familiar with terms and titles among the quality);" indeed, sister's fain to see you here, and proud too, for Miss May's same as her own, and has been ever since she brought her across the sea years and yean ago." "Still,'' said Sir Peyton, looking gratefully and approvingly at this earnest-eyed woman, who thus constituted herself spokeswoman for the rest, " our visit must seem strange." "Well, iVell, sir," " put *"*••^o-"'- in Nannie, timid * J — !J of, - c -yet honoured 'ured by- the position in which she found d herself; " it's come upon us unbe~ unbeknown, as yon may Bay, bat none the less welcome." "Thanks, thanks; your cordial greeting makes me feel guite at home among yon, just as if Td lived in a farmhouse all my life • it emboldenB me to treat you like old friend's— dear friends." "As indeed they are," said May, giving Deb a hand an extra squeeze. "Well, then, feeling this to be so, I am about to speak openly, Mr. Blake. I am sure that you must know that in most families, high or low, rich or poor, at one time or other, things go wrong." "Aye, sir, aye, said the one-time man of war, puzzled, but with his mind full of prompt reminiscences of young fellows whom —in his days of soldiering—he had seen drift on from bad to worse, ana no doubt cause by their conduct just such family sorrows as the speaker alluded to; "aye, sir, I've seen a tnort of strange things in my time, and so's Nannie there." "Doubtless; well, heavy sorrow, sorrow hard to bear, came to myself and my dear wife, through our only son — our only child." "Young men'will be young men, sir. if U excuse me saying so," put in Blake, who had by this time completely sunk the farmer in the sergeant for the time being by virtue of those regimental reminiscences tliat were thick upon him, even passing his hand over his upper lip as though it were still adorned by the moustache in which he had formerly taken some pride; " they will sow their wild oats, sir, as the saying goes, in place of good corn, and such like grain {•lays the devil with the ground, but it's never too late to mend,' and maybe brighter dayB is in store for you and your good lady." " God send it so 1" said Sir Peyton. " I'm sure you would do anything you could to help me to such an end." " Me, sir?" quoth Blake, lost in amaze, ^ But Deb showed no amazement—not she ! She never took her eyes off Miss May's face ; she leant closer and closer towards that dear book in which she was reading a strange and beautiful story : and at this stage of matters the two worneu smiled into each other's eyes as though some precious secret lay between them. "Yea, you, Fanner Blake. That is what brings me here. I hear that my son—the son of whom I have heard no word of tidings for this five ye&is; back—the son whom I half believed to be dead—is living, not exactly in hiding, but under an assumed name, poverty, perhaps want, near here." Astonishment held the farmer dumb. Nannie, leaning over her husband's shoulder, stared, round-eyed, at Sir Peyton, as if she thought he must be wandering in his mind. But Deb clapp&d; her hands together, crying— " It's the picture-man, John ; him as pult me out o' the bog ; him as is stayin' at Mrs. Turnbull's, by Rydall Water; him as" Here Deb stopped short. But May, hall smiles, half tears, caught her about the neck. " Deb," she said, " dear Deb, you need not be afraid to say what is in your heart. Sir Peyton knows all about my story—all about the love that grew and grew, all about the meeting at the Wishing Gate, the parting there; and I have come to help him find his son, and my dear love." Then the two women fell to laughing and crying both at a time, while as to Nannie and her "man," they began to feel like people in a story-book, and were of a mind to think that of all the strange things seen and heard by them in foreign lauds in days prone by, nothing was half so wonderful or half so strange as the story to which they listened that day in the old farmhouse parlour. 