Fire at Iandra.— On Thursday week last Mr. G. H. Greene, the proprietor of Iandra Station, was saved from great loss through the kind assistance of neighbours. During the day a son of Mr. J. B. Baker, of Grenfell road noticed a fire to start on Mr. Greene's property near the residence of Mr. Holland, and with the aid of other members of the family hastened to the scene and worked with a will until all danger was passed. Water was carted from Mr. Baker's farm, and the neighbours vied with each other in their endeavours to beat out the flames, and fortunately their efforts were success- ful in confining the fire to some 500 or 600 acres of grass. Mr. Greene was present and expressed his thanks to those who had rendered him such signal service. Instances like these go far to show the folly of supposing squatters and selec- tors are necessarily antagonistic. — Burrangong Chronicle. REBECCA SUMMORS, a girl of 10 years of age, was (says the Inverell Argus) bitten on the 31st December, at Eastville, by a death-adder. It appears that the mother and the daughter went out to put up a sliprail ; the little girl took hold of one end and the mother the other, but just as they fixed the rail the child exclaimed, ' Mother, I have been bitten by a snake.' The mother rushed home with her child with all possible speed. On the road to the house the child exclaimed, ' I hope, mother, that I have not been bitten by an adder.' When they got inside the house the mother examined the leg, which was bleeding freely. She at once gave the child large doses of rum and sucked the wound, after bandaging tightly just below the knee. The mother desiring to know what actually bit her daughter went to the spot with a lighted candle, when to her amazement she was confronted by an adder. She looked for a stone, but her candle having gone out she was compelled to go back. The child after half-an- hour lost her sight, but the mother still ad- ministered rum. The sight returned, but only for a very short time, and then failed once more and the poor girl succumbed to the deadly effects of the poison. A few nights ago, at Grafton, the wife of Constable Phillips heard the parrot screaming in the dark. She went out and brought in the cage, and found a big brown snake coiled around it. Mrs. Phillips not only escaped a bite, but killed the snake, which measured 6 feet 6 inches long. A TRIPLET. — We learn that last week Mrs. Longmuir, the wife of a railway employee, re- siding in Keppel-street, gave birth to three infants, two of which are still living. The mother, we are sorry to hear, is still very un- well. — Bathurst Times. HEAVY SENTENCE.— At the Gundagai Quarter Sessions on Monday last, before His Honor Judge Forbes; Septimus William Woodward was indicted for having obtained on the 17th October the sum of £2 by means of false pretence, from Mr. William Egan, landlord of the Coach and Horses Hotel, Adelong crossing. The facts of the case were that prisoner stayed at prosecutor's house from the 14th to the 18th of October, and during that time his bill amounted to 33s, for which he presented a cheque for £2 on the Bank of New South Wales, Tumut, which was dishonoured. For the defence, prisoner at- tempted to prove that he was under the influence of liquor at the time, and called Dr. Marshall to testify as to his state when received at the lockup here. The Dr. said he was in extremis, suffering from delirium tremens. Prisoner made a very able defence, which was remarked on by his Honor, but after an hour's deliberation, the jury found a verdict of guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy. On prisoner's pre- vious convictions being presented, however, they withdrew the later part of their finding. These showed that Woodward, in the latter part of 1879, had been sentenced to nine months' im- prisonment for obtaining money by false pre- tences, and immediately upon his discharge, to a further period of two years for the same offence. His Honor then sentenced him to five years' penal servitude. TERRIBLE END OF A STOWAWAY. — The Frem- denblait says that the body of a young man, apparently about 20 years of age, a stranger both to the crew and the passengers, was dis- covered in the hole of the steamer Professor Woermann, of Hamburg, as the sailors were unloading her, near Little Popo, on the western const of Africa. The body was found blocked In by huge bales upon bales of merchandise and other heavy goods, sufficient space, however, having been left for the unfortunate man to breathe, and oven to move about a little. It was supposed that he had contrived to ensconce himself here when the vessel was about to sail from Hamburg, being under the impression that her destination was England, and that he would therefore be released before the food with which he had provided himself would be exhausted. By his side was a bone of a leg of mutton, of which he had devoured all the flesh. He had also found means of breaking open a case of Hollands, and had emptied two bottles. His provisions having been consumed, and there being no means of escape, or even of making his presence known, the unhappy stowaway had apparently died a lingering death from exhaus- tion. THE NEXT ENGLISH TEAM FOR AUSTRALIA.— By the last English mail Mr. John Conway re- ceived a letter from Mr. James Lillywhite, giving further particulars of the projected visit of an English Eleven to Australia, next season, under the auspices of Messrs. Shaw, Shrewsbury, and Lillywhite. The team will consist of three gentlemen players and nine professionals. Al- ready the following players have been secured : — Ullyett, Bates, Maurice Read, Flowers, Shaw, Barnes, Pilling, and Shrewsbury. The remain- der of the team will not be completed until later on, as the coming season in England may develop some new players of ability. It is highly probable that three of the best amateurs in England will join the team ; but if W. W. Read and two other first, class amateurs cannot be secured the eleven will be composed solely of players. In speaking of the prospects of the Australian team, Lillywhite says, ' Their pro- gramme is one that will thoroughly test their cricketing abilities.' He further mentions that it is stated in cricketing circles in England, that the Marylebone Cricket Club have given Lord's Ground, London, free of charge to the Austra- lians for all the matches to be played there. AN improved crematory furnace is now being built at the University of Pennsylvania. The furnace will be constructed of iron and fire- brick. The crematory chamber in which the body is placed will be six feet six inches in length in the clear, and two feet high by three feet wide. There will be a furnace at each end of the chamber. The fuel used will be soft coal, as it creates a quicker and more intense heat than hard coal. The opening to the cham- ber will beat one side, and the aperture where the body is put into the chamber will be pro- tected by an iron slide door weighing 400 lbs. The flames from the furnaces will pass over the body in opposite directions and retreat under- neath the crematory chamber into an escape- flue. If will take six hours to reduce a body to ashes. The main object in building the furnace is to consume, all the refuse matter which accu- mulates in the directing-rooms at the university, although the furnace will be offered for use of the general public. Dr. J. S. Deave, demon- strator of anatomy, thinks that the complete circuit of the flames will cause the total com- bustion of all gases arising from the cremation of burning flesh. There can be little doubt that some future day, as funeral and sanitary reforms advance, crematory furnaces will be introduced into this country. In the meantime these fur- naces would be valuable adjunct to dissecting rooms where the arrangements for the disposal of refuse matter, to say the least, capable of improvement. THE three young men, for assaulting the Chinaman, and James Deane, a resident of Gundagai, for indecent assault, received the lash, on Saturday, at the Woolloomooloo lockup. A large crowd, of the lowest order, assembled outside the lockup, the majority of them ex- pressing feelings of pity for the prisoners. Magner was the first to be brought out to receive his twenty-five lashes. He felt his punishment keenly, the impressions made by the ' cat ' being terribly painful, his yells being heard plainly outside. Mulholland was the next brought out to receive his flogging, and when the twenty-five lashes were completed prisoner had to be supported whilst returning to his cell. O'Brien then received his twenty lashes, crying bitterly for mercy. Deane was the last man flogged, and at his fourteenth stroke he fainted, but the 15th had the effect of reviving him. During the flogging of the prisoners they cried lustily, their piercing shrieks being heard some distance outside the police station. O'Brien cried for mercy the whole time, and for the seventh time ejaculated ' Oh! why was I born.' Several medical men were present, who felt the pulses of the men several times, and in one case brandy had to be given during the flogging. Three of the men were released from custody on Wednesday. MR. SANDERS, late Government land agent at Glen Innes, and who had received the appoint- ment of C.P.S., at Urana, was in Sydney on Sunday afternoon last, being on his way to take charge of his new appointment. He went out for a ride on horseback in the afternoon, and when near Rose Bay his horse bolted, and he was thrown off, and when picked up was quite insensible. He was ennvoyed to the Sydney Club, when several medical men pronounced that a fracture of the base of the skull had taken place, and nothing could be done for him. He remained insensible till eleven o'clock on Monday, when he died. An inquest will be held. A. railway accident occurred at Toowoomba, Queensland, on Monday night. A passenger train ran into a truck siding. The engine was smashed. There were 60 passengers, but none were killed. Many were much shaken. NERVOUS PROSTRATION. — There is an un- usual amount of illness this autumn of the type known as ' nervous protration,' says the Pro- vidence Journal. It is prevalent among hard worked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry their business home with them every night, and women who are worn out by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how much : we are told about fond, clothing, ventilation, drain- age, exercise, and other things which have an influence on our health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and re- storative measure, it is of the first importance in many cases. Most physicians know what to do and when to do it, but a good deal of common sense is required to discover how not to do something and when to let the patient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting kill more than half the sick people in the world ; a man's enemies cannot do him near so much damage as his friends. The world is possessed with the notion that when a man is taken ill a terrible ado must be kept up, an alternation of nursing and fussing, while preternaturally wise and whispering doctors, sympathising friends, tear- ful relatives and chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side, and all because somebody is ill and needs chiefly rest. We have not yet, most of us, got rid of the old notion of the ancients that disease is a personality, a some- thing that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwellings and finally seizes hold of us ; something akin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon, or wretch, which only pills or potation can exercise, kill or cure. We are confident that many a sensible physician will say, if the patient will let him, that two-thirds of all the maladies of all the people in the world would get well in a few hours or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as instinct would suggest or common sense employ. But patients often estimate a doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise took which he assumes and the extent or variety of his prescription ; and a sick man's friends hate to seem unsympathisingand so are apt to be officious. It is to be understood, of course, that we are not speaking of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of the ills which flesh is heir to — the troubles which come upon over worked men and women, so many of whom we find all around us in this pushing competitive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. If that be impossible, we can only pity them. QUITE an unusual number of deaths seem to have been caused by stinging insects this year (says a London exchange). It. was only a day or two ago that we had recorded the death of Mr. Jackson, the civil surgeon of Pachmaree, in India, who while nut tiger-shooting with a friend was attacked by hornets, and received over two hundred stings, to the effect of which he succumbed. He did not die directly of the stings, but of the erisypelas which ensued. But in a case just reported from the department of Ille-et-Vilaine, a person attacked in a similar way died almost immediately. A farmer was ploughing in a field near Hirel, a town in the department; when nil at once the horses began to kick and plunge furiously. They soon kicked themselves frae of their traces and galloped off. As for the unfortunate farmer, he had barely time to utter a cry for help when he fell to the ground and died. The plough had cut through a nest of hornets in the field, and the venomous creatures flew out in great numbers and fastened on the horses and the man guiding them. 