,'"' A' GLORIOUS' FORTUNE. BiYWiLitRt iesAwT. 'Author of " AllSorts and '.Coniditions of -,f3 Men, ''and ?joint auther of "The GodnBu nrly," 'ate:'~. i' " xrs CicAir i I; -OoHNNY' OF.'OiRGONJQ The road,. which is little more than a rodgh track--in"' tlio opoii partns, duiriing thie'summer, duet; in the winter, mud runs :at this place through the virgin forest, untouched, for the most part, by axe, and"almost untrodden by foot ofoioan It is a'very'remote and'untrodden track ; it has' iot yet even advanced, likesa young ploughboy, to the dignity of corduroy;; it runs across slopes ofahills and across the valleys between them.:; When the way is clear of trees, which is not often, one gets a view'of the blue Pacific far, away in the west; every evening the sun sinks into it, makingsa glorious double rose of evening in "the sky ablov', and the sea beneath. Yet every half-dozen miles or so one may, perh'aps-or .mtay' not, perlias-'come across a clearing or farm cut -'out of. the iolid forest, the stumps of the tdees still `still sticking dolefully out of the 'grounid, and the fields divided and -staked 'out'by rough anake- fences. . In a few yearn, when the stumps have, quiite disappeared, and beautiful green thingshave grown over the ugly fences, this farm, withits b:acking of wood and hill, will be as pe-' foctly :beautiful as it .is: now ,unkempt, raoo'l, and unsightly.. ... , You never meet anybody walking along -this road, for it runs straight up into the hills,' where it is presentlylOust; biut in the fields and upon the new farms you may' 'sometimes see a man at work. It is,.in 'fact, on the- other 'side' of the Rocky 'Mountains,' which'seedis a greatway off toall except those philosophers'who'find "the world so simall ;in tlihlaild"df Oregon, i.on th 'borderse'ftihe great Pacific, wlere, as yet, men are scarce. ; -,.The ,?most, untidyi. mostincared-for clearing along this road was: one in tha ,wildest'and most solitary past of it, high up among the slopes..of the hills. J:lt lsseemed tas-if the settler had begun with I.'iminense energy; stubbing. up brushliwood, sowing timothy-grass, hewing the:fir -'trunks, a'nd'laying down' log-fences; as if the intended to live a thouoiaind'tyetrs .there,_.but had then, lost heart,..and.so suffered the weeds to grow, stubbed u6 id?o .mor'e ri?siwood,; anid'ldft hiisjfbiles unfinished. '""T'h'e hobe 'belonging to the farmi was notlhing 'but 'a little log cabin, "grey. coloured and weather- beaten,' with two ithdows; 'and a door in the middle open. lng toet narrow stoop: ;ori'verandah. A little beyond the hut there ran babbling and. sparkling in 'the sun (where it was -not'boverhlung with ald'er,'wild- chlieiry, and syringa),' quite the Most beautiful little .brook~in the; world. Attthe hack of the .-house., rose steeply a great hill covered :,with oak,:maple, hemlock, .and fir where the trees had been out down, but. the g: iround not further cleared, there 1'grew "every kind of underwood,' brushy'briuir, `and- climbing-plant; the wild, cucumber trailing its long shoots; blackberries as big 'es English mulberries; huckleberries 'thiibherries; yellow "salmon berries and sweet sal-lal; for this is the coun'try where the King of Berry-land holds his court. Under the trees, and-' wherever there is a glad brdopeninmg, there are huge ferns ; it is a land of greenery and sunshine; a ]an'd' where everywhere trickling, streams i'akh'earpets.of, spongy moss, and the air ris soft .likeunto.the air of England:. On the right hand, loolking east, are the great mountains, and on the left, if.you tian see it, the broad Pacific, a , , high' up among the hills at this time of'year, which is autuifmin (or felse the berries ,.would not be ripe), the farmers rand..their families camp,.out--thegirls bleeping in teiits,, and the boys in, the open. they shoot, fish, gather berries, and make jam---buckets of jam, casks of; -,jam;'hogsheads of jam-breathe as sweet aBnd pure an air as there. is anywhere ini the world (except, of course, Dartmoor, ,Hexham Common, and the top of Malvern .Hill), '?nd presently :go home ,again, ffo'r . the'winter's dances, flirtations and ,sledging, and skating and fun.' " Also on , the elopes .of those mountains live herds men, mostly eremites or solitaries,: who doubtless meditate on things holy and spiritual, among their cattle, and, just as the' holy 'men, of old were continually troubled by devils; permitted .to. assume the,'foims of.meu or women-eapeciaily .the latter-so these. herdsmen; are hindered in their spiritual musinge iby. bears,: grey wolves,, and .coyotes."':; And : they donot. go away in the wintorlike the camper'sout, but abid'e upon thelhills and endure hardness and'frost, snow and hail, rain and wind, in their season. "The' clearing'and' cabin of 'whicli": speak stoodgqunite alone,, and.at least ten milesfrofit?anyo:other farmi'.-' In Eurped'a man.would'be:afraid to liie in so solitary a fashion.., In Oregon, loneliness is not so much fhlt, because there is nothing to be afraid of. Very few of these hermits in log huts have' got anything to' loss, eandif they had there would be no-one to rb; them...Wayfarers by dayare few and far> btween ; wayfarers by night.exist not:;-i while as for' ghosts, .phantoms, wraiths; dames blanches.and spectres,'they belonig to old settled plades; and have not y.et had time to 0get farther west than KNewiEngland ; and have their origin' in' ?h?i.we fondly call 'the Romance of History ?neaning the murders, robberies, piracies,- cruelties', tortures, abductions, fratricides, revenges, wraths, and vio lonces of?hioli, in a new country,' 'there have.heen as yet'comparatively few; In the matter of ghosts, the county. of Nor. htlhlumberland, little though it.be, would, 'Iain convinced, 'prove a match for the whole of the United States taken together (*ith Canada thrown in);.. excepting' only t?laska, which is a grisly and a creepy country; and haunted by troops of 'devils, in honour of whom the belles of Alaska blakensntheir.faces-a thing done iri. no othercountry, and' a; compliment 'which 'msit be received as at once delicate 'and unexlpected. :It was a warm afternoen an late Sep teniber; there was a. feeling in the air as f, after four. moniths nay six -of eplenu did sunshine, one ought to hb satisfied cnd contented., Eveni, of wharimithand clear skies, there cometh satieity ii? the enid, and, certain hymns which" speak hopefully concerning everlastiig isunishine were written by poets imperfectly soe qluacited with human wants, and ignorant of the tropics. I believe an expurgated edition of the hymn-book has been ;pre. pared, in which aParadise with occasional clouds is dwelt upon, for the use:of our qu'qstorial.brethren. Natuierein facy:was sayinig as plainly as she could'.spe'a': "I could now, thank you, enjoy a littl coolness,.with clouds and rain, in order to turn' my green leaves" .ilito red; 'add crimson and •gold, .for die delight of haimans. After' that I will trouble you for thecoustomary frost and siow ;.but all in moderation." Everybody who can hear the voice of Nature should immediately makehbaste to be .in harmony with her. Then they will be strong and sturdy in the" winter, hopeful in the spring, and brimming over with love for everybody, espdcislly for those who are still young and beautiful; in the summer, they will belmeditative, drowsy, and slumberous; 'snd in the autumn, whether or no a man weara.that. blue ribbonp about which they inake nowadays such 'a coil, he should feel thi'd'vi'domis' myst'e'y; of %ti seaoniso"aad grow drunk,''l only in imagination, upon the friiits arad h'arvest 'of the year." ,4 There-were two men outside that log= bhut on the shady side, which' was thei Sfront ; between them was a table (home made), on which were cards, tobacco, a pnnnikin, amudiaswhiskoyibottle:. One had a chair; the other sat on an empty keg turned bottom upwards. The man on the keg was the squire or owner of the clear ing, and lived alone in the hut, . A man of five-and-forty, or perhaps fifty, about the middle height, and spare ; :he widore a' long beard, and his hair was long. Both beard and hair were brown, touched with grey; he had regular featusres,"which had been once, probably,handsome, but weak; and blue eye, "which wandered as he spoke;'aiddvwere unhsteady. ' flis 'fingers' were long aeid!ddlicate';aand domehow,?et the very first sight of him, one thought that here was a poor weak creature whose opinions mattered nothing,-,and who wasa perfectly certain never to get onin 'the world. He had a pipe in his mouth, and continually ihe turned upon the whiskey bottle eyes of affection. On the other side of the table sat. his. companion, a man of L'huc'h thd/iesame height and figure, with oyes"?of th'e"same colour only of a darker blue, steadier, not to say keener, in their look ; his hair: and beard were quite grey; his liarids were strong and square. At sight of him the inexperienced, thinking of certain stories, would have said that here. was a strong;,-brave sman;Oie 'of'Nature's'noble-' men, turned ooit re?dy made,_uneducated and'ignorant,: never, may be, having read a'single book;' rude and rough of speech, coarse of manners; ,yet ,civalrous, an, a tb Oastiliini; honourable as an English gentleman, anid as full of noble senti ment . and ,:lofty, aspirations as the.most I cultivated Dean.H. SWe know very well, and feel ashamed of it; ltht such aman cannot be foundin I this country of ours.e He does not grow . in'-the-'same -soilas an ienslavihg; arisa tocreaoy,: whether cof birth; education t genius; or kilowledge. .This man;: then, would have appeared' at first sight, uiid tb 'jersons'of limited experienice aid sn limited imagination, a.true hnoblemain bf Natu're's mnakihng. 'Buit ?ier` were 'about I 'hini~'certaini"outward signs anid token's,' 1 which spoke volumes to .'sich e itlhad.ais dom, -and, could interpret ismall' fcts of evidence, anid were .not too esger to ,s belieye., lin theo.perfection of, the a human race. For instance, among. I other signs, his hands were white, which,' I in such a country;,bodes ill-;'his eye was I restless, his clothes .were good;.Ltherefore, whenever wise' (and-therefore suspicious) q persons met:thiseman, or aniy like unto v him, thdyi would' edge away"frdm him, n ivoid hinm, and whisper to 'each other; h such woids al ", sportsman," '" gang," h "sharper,''" chmost and rogue," or their c Suinialbents, "* hether' in Bostoniai, a Virginian,' nMrtickfian Californian, or I Oregosese; leasant languages, every on,, full of local' colouring, and; all re- ii markably like modern' Ernglish. ~ , a Tlhisman ? :lidia cigar in his imouth, and sat on a chair-the only chair-tilted n up against the 'toor?posts :His feet wvere dn the table, it is' a graceftil, easy con-i venieint, well bredi attituide, ,~and' ,as y based,by the ;original inventor on. con- n aideration for the comfort of others.- , c ?'off,:Gb on, Johnny," 'he'said' encourag ingly; Notethat when one ,hanh calls ii another,withiout firsii asking his.OChristiai.- a name, Jdheny, this single. fact?'savei',the ti historian whole:pages ,of,: character-draw- it ing. !Many?,a novel 'of--'analysis 'of al character" would vdnish'altogether'if the; g hero were at tli outst;'siinply? isnamed' a Johnny. But tlh?n thlt: novel wwould I never get writtpn. Pity; but.then,again,1 t] perhaps' no' one "ever wanted; it tobe p written. And,. again, -when" fin ;man, n nriot kinowing another man's' OChristian, or ft surname, addresses that maii ,frodn 'the o outset,: as Colonel, that also is a fact it which speak volumies. . • -. , at w "I was'talking, Colonel," replied the. other, "'about the old days, and my wife da arid the little one, wasnto I ? "' he asked wvitih' soime doubt, as if he, might have s. bdeeni talking state politics, and had, ;per- al haps, forgotten the thread of hIsis 'arg'ui- re ment , " " ' - . al Youunever talk about anything else, se Johnny," said the man ?in the chair. a " Why, no,: Coloiel -p'raps, not. You bh see, mate, when youives been four years pt andimore mnostly alone, and a stranger hi comes, along and stays a week,iyou inat- gi rally; talk :about whiat's in your: mindi; in don't youunow ? .I don't know who you hi are :Colonel.O nor where you 'come from,. pi but you're good company, and 'I thatik so you for stiaying "P'Mike'it an'otliher week." si "Go 'oni? 'Johniiy ! "Doi't' get' druinik at till the evening, or I shall have no onie tob L play pdkker'with.'" 'For 'Johlny's hand of was wandoring feebly kand 'ttentatively in mu ?he direction of the bottle. ' to. . " The little maid msitb b'e groiiing: d taill girl now,': Johiiny ~vienit . .,' I t'i' I nigh, twenty years since, I saw herl.st, pt and then .she was only a babe of four I months.: Quite a tall girl she must be ra growing-almost a woman now."; ' .'Almost,'indeed I" '" .:: as '?A surprisinig baby she was, with'a beautiful voice already. I was sorriy to gc come a??iy for her sake, LIremember.""'" hl , "What did you 'do; Johnny ? . The a Colonel asked this quostion withoiit:tlie w least hesitation or` apology? thoudgh it'ih aI' most improper and embarrassing qgesao tion to put anywhere in Amerisa 'di a Australia to a geintleman of European ui birth aind sle?dertluklL "What'did;you do,' Johnny?.. I "' "' S"Nothing,' rollied, th tther msah. iu a " Nothing ;'Not any little ditfioult a witlislicdoiiontsor trustmoney-ish oh? , :."No,.',he'said, not atall offended by ni 'oii" iiniiation' which0 would have made N 'somes e'sitive brothers wianes and kick. d 'N,; l I;was always for straight ways." y ,'"Drimik,,I.suppose: ' ; '.'.Not' ,in those; da ys Colonel. I've only'been used to6drinkl since I cameeto theLand o' Frsedom .' 's of "r " What did you cosmeover for, theno, T , . Well, its 'a slrange story. Some %wouldn't' blieve it. You see, I had a wife." . .."'" : : ? , "? ' .:' ' y "' '"'So'you've 'told' meobefore; in / :.. " 'Yes' 'I 'was niarried. Why I got married the Lord knows; bul; 1. did. Aiid I had a bert in a good house.: at g hdie d, e lived.at Hackney ,Wik thon, Qite a nice hoiss we ied, with w two. sittirooms;i and, three' hedrooms, Sr furnished anrd genteel ;,and' for a bit icy th mhy Matildt--that was her name-wia s;as contented a woman aseyoti'd cimne aeross, , in 'spite of. my riliculous Ohristian- re came.s: :' "" . , o " What was your Christian name " ""' comhe across the Atlantio, at anyratso.'. It if was a beast of as fi/name Theoio";at p sclhool made nicknaimies out of it;, they ii called mile the Lord Mayor and his 0ord pm ship and-never mind., The: olerks in an the house found it.out, and made my-life ci miiserable about it. A man ought .to'.lbe i able to bring ani' aotio: againat his 'god- i fathers and godmothers! for' libel;' but.l i suppose the lawyers would get all the a money, becadise' it would have to he 'ddne a under age.' Don't 'you' worry. abtutiijs Christian name, because' yoiu 'won't learn ' it. 'My Christien name I Whemi I cause iawayj; it was a comfort to think thati Id h left that behind. The boys have had their I fun ojut'f me over hero, you best,.because I won't shoot nor fight; but they never h found'that out. No,'nol", . . s ... .':";Well,,go on.;. one may juet:as owell listen,.to your, storyas go ,to sleep. ,Go on, Johnny."t .r . wol ,for se S.' '',We i got ion very weltofor, a agell abydt+e:yoar and a half it far-Matilda'i S-thppyand cont'ented; and ,feeblig qufite' the lady. We.had.two seats in a pew at Schurch, and the clergyman called more I thane onc, -AKnd tlion + a dieadful: snis fortuno"hapt?oned, thlidugh iveb 'th6dight" it I wasgrandour. ForlIatilda'ayoungersister P leena did ?grq~at deal better than, her self, and married into carniagei company and the wholesale line, at Hornsey. Aftder t?iat,. nothing went well; tihd'ievery? time her sister P'leena drove over to call on-Matilda-which was oftener than was necessaryjibetween' iarried.. sisters, arid. meant display-in her own carriage, Matilda turned yellow, and had. to go to b'ed. : Tieiinothing 'would'do but'I moaust. hli?ve' ainbition.: -'I i niit "rise -'I mist' soar ; she threw in my teeth, as if it were a disgrace, that I was only a clerk ? My father;was a;clerk': so wasbhers ;i so were he6r cbusisn,' "and her brothers?'ind her friends; so were all mine. She ought to have thought .of- it before she married me. I didn't want to soar. I wanted my pipe of an evening, and be 'left alono; soaring would have made me uncomfortable._ The nagging, especially the day after P'leena had called, was miore than I!honld bear, So I carie aiway, aid I think`I've made m' fortune' -iand done pretty well, at last.' His eye ran slowly round his ;weedy field's and un finished fe`'nee, a?id at last restedlovingly upon the-whisky-bottle. "'Pretty"well,. though I had a good, spell of waiting." rt S"You 'call this pretty well, do-youI.? Then, Johnny, you are easily pleased." "This ,is,a sweet.spot, .Colonel, for a. man to'irestfimn; tlhers:alpi.g ori two ins the sty, "there's a biarrel of porl in the house ; there's plenty of game and birds on the hills ; there's oats and grass' to be traded for whisky and things. As for the wife, she's gone, and :,the little maid doni',t'feel she wainted me;'aid I'd lbe un grateful to up and cut sticks and leave the place. ,Besides, it fell into my hands. providoei'til2 .' euitiu' providohritial;'which 'a man should think upon." "How did itlfall iito your hands ?" ' " This way it'was2 I-war" going along, four years ago, alone and down oin my luck, as in those. days. I generally was. Suddenly, at the?tisrn of the road, I came uponthis very clearin', and on this se iamhidentidal house. The' door ie's open' and I'"walked in. No one in the house, but a whiskey-bottle on the,table,,so that I took a" drinl?t Then I.went-hout? o and looked around. Presently, I saw, lyin' I under a tree, a dead man. He. was quite dead; but he hadn't been dead very long, and must ha' idropped, hein'., neither'knifed hor ishot. '- First, I-buried him under that tree there; yes, that's f his grave,; then I :stayed here,; then, 1 came' to feel ifa ' if ih'eriterd theishtyh t aid the clearing', the pigs and the oats. c If there had been any money,',. he added slowly, "1 should have iiheritdd thi~ta s well; but there was not ahy.- No, there t was no money, Colonel." "Did anybody ever accuse you-' f murdering that man, Johnny V.. r "Ndbody' - "Lucky foir you." The Colonel yawned. And now I, suppose you. - mean to stay tillD yoe-- send in- your checks? " "1thinktthat is so,.': he .replied, look i?g?about'-hiinm contentedly. The sun was s'eloping west'wiivd now, andd the hills and forests were lying in a splendid golden bath. " Why should I move on ? What could. :1. get anywhere better than 'this'?".?'I am boss. I've never been b?s'le?foirh: I get up when I like, .10orlknodthardtr`i than I like. Before, I hbdto.8rk as'it' pleased other people; hero 'I'" cork for, myself : all thewiag~s ar'"'my:i?wn.' As? for company, I, don't, want any? but my own?iseing that most-of the coimpany in this country is fighting and quarrelling, and sereechiu' mad with drink.' " ' ' a "Don't you want tidee yutiti' wife ?iandti daughter, then ?" ' . .' it ':`-Asfor my wife I shall see lier quite soon soon enough, because, I tell you, she's dead ; therefore there's' ilio hurry respecting her. As for my lIttle o:iaid, I should like-yes; I really sliould' like to set eyes on that child again." He miade a determined effort, grasped the whishey- bottle,, and resolutely filled half the pannicean, which lie. drank dff. "A beautiful voice' shr" had." His eyes grew softer and weaker, and he rambled in his talk, and began feebly to- repeat. ; himself....... Her.. mother,-wanted. to be proud of herthusband, but couldn't, ehe said, because l6ewes?nothing-but ant ins- i significant clerk, and contented with that and his low friends. So how could she ?: Lord ! I was always the most contented N of men. ,Give me my: pipe, I say', aid? E my drop 'of beer iu.ithe-'evening, with a S talk and a friend or two ; what more does any man want ? And pay ? Why,' N they would have advanced me to five pounds a week in time,; morsithan ever' ' I've had since she enagged me i"ito running away." " Then you did':plok'.up ;spirit to runi S away. " -0 ' .. "I did. One evening, :wher 'she'd been going on worse than usual, I put on-my E hat and coat, land!wrappedAup my throat , with a comforter on; .accontiof. the Tasit wind, and I said, ' Very well, Matilda, N I'm off.' That's-all-I said. rJ'I'm off,. "E Matilda.' All'ehe said was 'good bye," S and my Ohristiin name, which she never rued but for purposes of nagging." .;1i " So you came away, and:, left your wife-on-the parish " . "No, Colonel,- I didntu "-he said thise without the least"izidignation at thisE charge-"no-. 'Matilda had:;her own mdney,' left t hs'er and invested in houses. Now al?e'e'deiid the little maid has it;'ino dotibt.? Alhuridred and twentyl pooiund'la year tho~'nieibey ?has. Perhilas it is mored by tijel' i nfae."' - ? :.:.?. .' .-.',, :" .. Was-i blettled upon her? . .n ,r .WhyT"' He took another drink out h of the'pannikin. " Don't-I tell, you'it t ,as hermoney ." . i ".Whateis the-wife's is the hineband'sY. el .f-'Youi.-wouldn!t" eay that, Colonel, if y< yot'd, - known. 'Matilda.'' You 'woulds't; a \---"'W ell 'yud ras away'1 : " ' " -!i"'Yeigif W'in -away" -' He laughe~d gently. "I thought I" woiold ,urprise Matilda,' so I'took my passage that same day fdr Ne'i-York When I got ther's~e wrote to Matilda. I eaid she'd be gladmo filid ihdre liibasid seis a:man of epiiiit ; th'at TI wa? .ili'iisnd to n~a?e .my fortne bioforsI came home awaso and I tId lier is seheo *a jelter would, find, me. ,.,She jii relt, liat shetildo hink,;thei baiter of me for the future, and as regards the o for ?uneI wis to send it home bit by-ubit; v as I. made it, because she didn't:boll've, ti if Iknew-lhow to make it, that I- hiiduth'e a pluck tokeep it.: P ,I, as ? .n' - . I-.doen't tinlchk he' wentP oinafter a pausee; .thattanyn man's fortune"was so slow of corriing' as mine. II trid - it clerking so a store' 'tried it as a -book- ~ a'ent, and a'boguts acutio?eers'a"hel p' and a traveller sn cloelks and reaping maohines, and-a conjireo s confederate 'liid" 'ai tr and 'a elhoblmius tor and LorSd kniows what.. Except.a preseheri "I think I vs been Imos ' everytling. Just before the fortune cunre, -1 mean this little elearino, and the house?' had the hardeit'job'.of all' fr d I hitched on to a plough-gang." 2-' " Yes, Lansipose yTu mnust have always havebeen a~prettys useless galoot. There's lots like you, Johnny.--- --i- : :"'Matildna' Johbiy 2wente on, heedless of" tesoa cooftemptunus .wsrdir, .d"did' ( quite !tiitow .all' thist happened; No, se', - tneelettera'4l teint holie would 'have ilorie d'a alr dit'td Mr. Vanderbilt; for I told her ife that-th- dollars were running in so thick at 'twas impossible to count them, but I ire couldn't send them home because they is- had allto be invested again. Sho wasn't it' .so, grateful for the: news;as she might er have been, wanting all the time to take ir. a better position, as she said, and if I ny was making all this money, why was she . starving on a hundred and twenty pounds ry afyeiai? Well, poor thing, perhaps she ≪ would have found out the truth, because as. she was .threatening to come out after id thoe dollari,: but she was taken ill and' e, died -fall pure vexation because I to wouldn't send any of it.home. After, st 'that'tle little maid:wrote'iritead, and I st kept on;:justf to please' her, pilin' it up, re about my GloridusaFortune. But, some-; [y how, what with this unexpected fortune re and-,thei whiskey, I've forgotten to or chahge tho post- town and the State, and& it I guess she must have left off writing." te "So," said the other man, "you've I got a daughter at home, and you've done' ie nothing ,to prevent your showing your, e face; again; and there's money waiting y for you, ýand yet you stay .here in thisL s cursed lonely place without a friend"- ' SJohnny embraced the whisky-bottle-" or: a man to speak to." n "You've been with me for a week,! C. Colonel," said Johnny, y "And no money--" I "'Enough.to buywhisky and notions;" he interrupted. r ; - r. I !. ''- And nothingto. expectt." "I expect," said Johnny, "to go on a.living here for,a.thousand years. What n'do' Ij wint withlfhaigeo? P?l've been od driven "aitound'long' enouigh. Land o' Fa Freedom, is itl 1've never come across ie any freedom. What's it like, your free ir dom Show mie a bit of it. All I've d seen in this country is a' boss at one 'eud i. of a bit.'of work :and a 'beefsteakl a'tlie i e other. As for you, Colonel, you've had a I Sbelly fine time, I guess. Euchre i a The othernodded.'"' ' " Monty" 7 SiHe nodded agairi. - f o" Poker? I thought so, and a difficulty y now and then ? Quite so. I thought once S6figoing into the sporting line myself, but; I concluded 'twas unwholesome for delt-i .cate.constitutions. 'I dare .say, Colonel, a you've shot your man bfbre' now:?~ Yes, , I thought so. You look like it. P'raps t you wouldn't believe it,. but, I've.never ': I even darried a revolver, rid never had a I fight. Born in England, Colonel? Said c s' so,- moment I set eyes on you. In London, I I most likely. They all come from London.. Someti?rouble, no'doubt ? Jes'so. As is Smost often the'case, and no need to ask Sfurther. For there's more deserves the Strouble than gets it; and If the jury ;vas S.to change place with the -prisoner, -very often more justice would be done." 1 --Johny went on rambling in this di- r i5 .ursio way,/with an occasional slip at t Sthe6 pannikin,his guest paying little heed. i ...Presently he got up, and said rather I thickly that it was close on sunset, and he I must go and fix up the supper. , ' STwo or three hours later the two men were within the hut, sitting with the f ,table.between them., On the table were 'apetroleum lahip; the "whiskey bottle, I and a pack of cards. But unhappily o Johniny:had overestimeted his strength of I head, which now'lay'oil thei table among b the cards. In other words, lie was drunk. d S-The Colonel, who seemed sober, sat e perfectly still. Presently he rose and b softly..went into thebopen'air. -'It'was':a olodiless night'i; there was a perfect still ne 'aseinthe air, but tli6i Coloiel" looked roifnd:hliim; with' iestlesi' and uneasy eyes-; :'" ; ' 't:) ' -' ' : w: ;'- ; ;- What is it 'l" h' 'inirmiired.: I r 'haven't:felt like-this ifr :'fifteeiin yearor more:uI ,Why ,':I' seed; and' feel 'Lonbdon agaii-. Iam to give one of them atdinner at'the Cafei Royalel: -We are going to u ithe theatre afterwards. 'It is all jusat 'a B it 'sed to be before the smhash.: By this IL tfine ''I sppose they have got old,- ind cl there's a new, lot;- but, they: are exactly tl Slikebtheir predecesisors, and the old games ci go.on just the sameo.' i' - e: ".'fOh- !ho he heaved a'long, deep' high. ".BlitIt'is witliout'me. _I am outof it- d' for ever." fI To be continucd. ,~_.~_ . .~.__ _ _ _ti 