ON THE MOOT. I THE story op a tragedy." Kifir Joe eat at his poet, the ferry over the Mooi river, whittling at a new knobkerry, 4 Ahoy 1 there, atony V came a voioe from the thorn baah on the other aide, aod Kafir I Joe sprang to his fset. I«kos Umnyatalata,' said he to himself, raising his arms in the salute of a respeotful attention, and went bounding, after the manner of the Kafir, whether wild or tame, I down to the river side. He was soon in the boat, and, pulliug at the rope, quickly gutted the other side. Now lukos Umnyatalata, being tnnl»ted, I means Voice-of-Soney E«quire, for 4 Voice- I of-Honey ' wa6 the name which the Kafirs, I who ricltnarn? every European they meet, I bad given to Hugh B ntinck of the farm I on the Mooi. With him, on the farm, was I staying just now— and had been for three J months — an old schoolfellow and college i churn, the Inkos Kaloonga, or ( Dare-Devil I Enquire.' This wag the Kifir equivalent | for Aian Cumnor, late of Grey Town, a young j gentleman who had made a complete failure | of his colonial career, and having now sold I his land and stock for what they would fetch, 1 was reported to be returning to England, I where propectr, it was said, had suddenly I opened to him. 1 Now Hugh Bantine was married to one of the prettiest, most keartloss women that 6ver | wore a wedding-ring. But he thought her | absolute perfection, Onoe only in his life had E Hugh seen a fault in her, and that was | when she insisted on riding a sick horse j rather than forego a visit to a Boer peddler's I cart (h.ri was halted some five miles off in a | thorn-bush. The horse died the same night, j But all Floriy esi-i was that she was not I sorry, as she thought the horso had taken to I shying at water of late. Cuinuor, who was I at the farm at the time, rode over tne next I moraing to Grey Town and brought back I Pearl, the best borse in Natal, aa_ a present for his charming hostess — a parting present. I 4 For I must really be off to England,' he said. 4 1 came for a day and have been here three months and more.' I 4 But not a day too long, old man,' said I Bentinck ; 4 1 wish you could stay here alto- I gether.' I For the husband was the only man in the I colony who did not know that Alan Oumnor I was in love with his wife. Even the Kafirs about the farm knew it. She used to be I called 4 the flower-bird,' but now was the Inkoeikasa Ulami 1 — the lady with two I husbands.' But at last even Bentinck knew it— and this is how the truth came out I It wa9 the day before Alan Guuinor'e going. I He bad been absent for four days, having I ridden to the landrost's office on the Trane- v&al; border to make arrangements, as he E wished to travel by land, for conveyance by way of the Free State down into the Cape j Colony. Hugh also had been away, on his I friend's business, to purchase some horse-gear I that was needed. But as he was riding down I through the thorn his horse strained Itself, I and ho left it at the Kafir post-lodge, and I walked home the last three miles on foot. I It was already darkening when he reached I home, bat seeing the light in his diningroom I he walked across the garden, making a short I cut, and was in the act of stepping da to the I verandah when he saw his wife, Florry, with I her arms round Alan Gaomor's neck. The I shock was more than he could bear, and he I staggered a step or two and sank to the I ground. I The noise startle I the lovers, far Florry I came to the door. Cumnor followed her. I ' It was only your fancy, darling 1 There I was nothing there.' I said she, with a sob of relief; 4 1 I csuld have sworn I heard Hugh's voice. It I ssnuded to me as if he was dying and cried, I " ticod God !" ' I ' Nonsense,' waa the reply. I And they remained where they were, in the I all light. I ' At the Mooi, then,' said he. 4 1 will wait I at the ferry till you come.' I ' At the Mooi,' sha replied, and then con- I tinned : 'How much did you say Uacte I Poster had iigd worth?' I ' About £12 000, and with thac, my I darling, we can ba happy together for all our I lives, in Atuerici or Australia, or anywhere I 'I will 70 anywhere with you, she said; bat I -h.ill bring try dowry wi;h dip.' And I tb>n (-he laughed low — that htr lover 'a blood I should not ci.rdle st that laugh ! 'For those I diamonds that Hugh always calls mine are I worth, he says, some thousands !' I Ar.d Hugh, lying .there on the ground at I their verv feet in the shadow of the verandah I th® words burning, one by one, into I big brain like drops of melting lead ; and I then they went inside again. The shutters I were closed, a -id Hugh lay there. At last, on hig hands Bud koees, he crawled away like I eomc wounded thing. His dog saw him and I -bed at him, thinking he was some wild I bsdet, but he murmured its name, and it E weut along by his side, lioking his -face and I simpering its poor, pathetic sympathy. I Taen Hugh raised himself on bis knees and I 'ier awhile got on his feet, and, with bis I dog beside him, walked connd to the front of I the house and called ont to his servants. I Uogs began to bark ; Kafirs shouted in I 'espouse ; the front door yras thrown open — 1 d there stood hie wife, radiant with smiles of welcome. I 4 Good graclou? I' said she. 4 What is the I Butler with you? You are all duet and look I bo pale!' 1 ' It's nothing,' he said. 4 1 got a fall at I jh Slip- -and I am afraid the horse is more I hurt than I am ; but I'll go to bed. Dead or 1 ?'1Ve' I h -vo to be at that sale to-morrow at I iQouipscn't — Hullo, Alan I' he broke off as I th-mQor aPPro'-cil2d. 4 I'm sorry to be like hia tae last night you're here, bat I'm a bit 1 ®hakeu, and, as I must be over at Thompson5 I pu DOon tc-hiorrow, I must be off to bed — bat I u ?rr look after you — and I II Eee you I hefore you go.' I The wretched wife did not even act her I B?rt She forgot to condole and sympathise. I | r heart, such as it whb, was full of her I ?V8r aQd to-morrow's elopement Eater on I Bbe remembered her duty, but on going to 1 ?lai found her husband with his eyes closed I j®8' evi<jently asleep, so she tripped back to I ®e' lovgr. Next morning Hugh was the first I l' ; be bud dressed And breakfasted, seen iB i for Thompson's, some twelve imlesoff, before' «/,««,» at TOrtidrt? BMh<Wg«i goSxi-bje, < 4 We shall meet again— somewhere ' .. said Alan; laughingly. . 4 Oh, certain to!' was Hugh's reply 4 j we re bound to meet again but-— ! then the oolt reared, and then it | kicked, and then it swung round add made a bolted at lhe rider'8 ,0oi» ai»d Anally it | And the lovers watohed the headlong oareer of the unbroken brute till horse and rider were lost to sight in the bush, and tben they turned back ikV> the house. Meanwhile the oolt . was dashing along through the thorn, aod Hugh, to take the devil out of it, had his spurs home. But at last it gave in, and as they turned behind the Koppie the horse was beaten. It would never try to bolt with Hugh Bentinck on its baok again. The road to Thompson's lay due east, but Hugh pulled the oolt round due west, and passing behind the Koppie came down by a Kafir path through the bush baok to the river again. . 4 Ahoy, there, ahoy!' he cried, and Kafir Joe jumped up from his whittling and brought the boat over, aud iu ten minutes they were back again on the- other side. 4 Now take my horse up to the house and stay there with it. I hive got to wait for a friend and will look after the ferry for you ; and look here,- Joe, lend ma your hat.' And away went Joe, giggling mightily at seeing the Inkoe in his hat, with all the;, cook's feathers in is and ttoe scarlet band. When Joe waaout of sight Hugh got into the boat and waited. An hour had passed, when A boy. there, ahoy!' came a familiar veiee ringing across the river, and with his hick to the new-comer Hugh took the rope id band and begin pulling ttoe boat across. As he neared the bank be gave a pull with all his might and then, as the ferry-boat glided up to land,' he turned around and face I, as ne had expected, Alao Catonor, Neither spoke. Hugh was as grim as death. Alan speeohleSs with amazement. But Hugh leaped out, and taking hold of the horse with oue hand and taia friend with the other, ted them to the boat. Alan stepped in meohani- eilly and Hugh bngaa to pull at the rope. Half-way across he stopped. 4 It's a short distance,' he said, palling - out two revolvers, 4 bat so much the better for both 4>f us.' Then he gave Alan one. Stand up,' said he, 4 on that cad there— clear of the horse. I shall stand up at this end and hold the boat steady. And listed-—' a plover was complaining with its mouote- nou« ery upon ttoe river side — 4 count that bird's cries. I shall fire at the fi'th.' Alan said never a word, and the plover cried 4 pefe-wset I' 4 One,' said Hagh. And there they stool, the outraged hue- band aud the lover facing one another, the ferry boat's length between thsm, while the bird wailed cot the measure of their lives. Twice — three times— four time, earns the desolate cry aiong the water. The two men raised their pistols. 4Pee-weet!' The reports were simultaneous ; and then, on a sudden, Alan shot through the fore- 'head, reeled back and fell- into the swift running river. And Hugh, throwing the revolvers into the water, took the rope again' and pulled across. He led the hone out aad took it up to the store. From the sad- die-bags ha took some papers addressed to himself and read them. A? he had expected, they were his Ucele Foster's will, in hie (Hugh Bentinok's) favour and the tide deeds of bis property on tho Transvaal border. He put them into his pocket aud Sat dowo, while Joe w>nt dowu to ths riVsr. 4 Aiy wi'e is coming cvor,' ts%ki he to Joe, 4 but don't say I am here.' Aud Joe giggled prodigiously at being a partner in a joke with the Inko. They had uot long to wait. 4 Ahoy 1 thore, ah 3 !' I; was Flurry 1 Iiugli watched her ir.j:u the door; she rodo up, fiujhad with excitement and more beautiful than he had ever seen her, so be thought, and all his loveoame to iiis lips again. 4 My darling,' ho murmured, and now she was nt ttoe door. - 4 Alan 1' she cried out, and lot in answer to her voice tasre fitsnpd out her husband ! Bus fur his arm she would have fallen from "her SAdJic. As it was, she bctot her head upon.ber horse's nock and fainted. It was only fur the niiunte, however, and her hue- band gave her brandy and waler, aud then.' before she -know it she fouoi herself out with him alone upon tho veldt, the horse?, like familiars in the stable, pacing along side by side with mutual recognition. 4 Gjod heavens!' she suddenly cried, 4 where did yGU gee that horse?'— Hugh was riding Alan's — 4 and where is he ?' 4 1 will tell you by-aod-bye,' sa:d he, in a voice 60 stern that she trembled with a sudden fear. 4 You are not going to kill me, are you, Hugh V 4 No, Florry, I am quite unarmed. We are going to the landrost's to prove Uncle Foster's will, and with that £12,000, which Aliflt'Cumuor meant to rob me of, knowing that th laudcost does not know me by eight-, and tbe diamonds yu have with you. yca shall go anywhere yoa wilL BaJt, Florry he added, 4 wherever you go, remember, if you are in trouble, that you have a loving husband in the farm on the Mooi.1 Aod after that they ni<ver spoke, but rede along side by side. At night the? stayed at Carson s farm, and next day reached the iaudrost's. Carson went with thetn to be witness to the deeds aud to swear to Hugh's identity, and it took but little time to have the deeds transferred, for the Boers wanted Riohard Foster's lauds and buildings, ana Hugh was very glad'to cell them, and so the landroet himself paid the money over there and- then ia a cheque on Pieiermaritzburg, and the busineec was over. Hubacd and wife were alone again. 4 Florry,' said he, 4 give me thoae dia monds, ' and she took them out, and then Hugh made them tip into a parcel with the oheqne for £12,000 and his watch and obain oil the ring she had given him three years them all up tightly together in a leather bag, and gave it toher» 6 ' And now,' he said, slowly and with a sad- neas n his voioe. that pierced her like a jpsd, 4 you ean tika his conveyance. I find h« has made every thing jready for the journey overland to Cape rowo. I will go with« yeu fot the first three d Ays, And after that you will find inail coaches; and oompanions all the way.' 4 Hugh,' she Bald, every sentence broken with sj 's fc iui the heart,; 4 do not send me away. 1 sen not so bad- yet as that would make me. If you will take me back to the Mool I will work with your Kafirs your farm4 for you. But this has killed me. I shall, not live long. Save me from being any worse than I am for the short time I have to: live. No one oan do this now bat you. Oh, Hashl' she cried, and with such an utter anguish that the man's heart in him broke down, and she sobbed herself asleep in hie arms, but knowing she was forgiven. And he carried ber to the bed and laid her down, and went oat into the air. Tbe night passed — she in the stupor of exhaustion, he awake with the fever of his thoughts — and . in The moraing there was a spring- waggon, waiting at the door, aod with a Ktfir driving Florry,. Hugh rode Pearl. Alan's horse was \ left ia the rtable. 4 You. can sell it,' s«id : Hftgb, ! for =whac it will bring, and give the., money to the Mission.' Aod ao they went, j lodging »t Carso.n'rf -that night and ra&ehing; I the Mooi tbe next day. ; j Joe. the Kafir, was whittling at his eternal koobkerry when he saw the uartv come tm. i and made haste to tell thorn that -the rope hal broken and the ferry was therefore useless. 4 But I will show you fcha drift' (lise. ford), said fee; 'it is only two miles down the river.' the colt was saddled, and Florry mounted on Pearl again, and they walked tueir horses along, Hugh was glad tha ferry « as broken ; he oonld not eveu bear to look towards it, and thinking over that wretched morning's work, when Alan had faced him, pistol in hand, he hardly gave a thought tc Florry. Her voice startled him. 4 Hugh,' she said, very quietly, 'if yon are not sorry for having forgiven me, kiss me once before we go into the river.' Joe had bounded on ahead, the horses were < side by side, and Hagh leant over nod putting his arm around his wife's waist kissed her. 4 Raally forgiven !' she said to herself, yet aloud, without an effort at returning the kiss. 4 Hugh, you have made me happier. J this minute than even when you asked me tb; ' marry you. And God knows,' said Fidrry, in a voice in which she had never" spoken :before in ail her life, 4 hn# good you "aTa, " Hugh, and have always been to me and ' 4 Here ! Iafeoe!' shouted Joa, with his arms working like semaphores, and. the horses pricked up their ears and quickened, their pace. They were eoon at the drift. 4 Keep this side of all that wood and Qtuff, Inkoa,' said Joe. 4 There is only three feet of water at the deepest and good bottom.' 'All right!' eail Hugh, and the horses stepped into tbe river. And Joa stood wat ihiug them — and all of a suddeu toe saw the oolt shy. Hugh brought its head round, and then Joe saw him staring into the water as if be had seen a. ghost. An i then Florry came up to her husband, and J oe heard her give a scream and saw her fall as if shot from her Baddle. Pearl plunged, lost its footing, and fell. For a second both liorse and rider were under water, and then the honse got Up. Hugh had dismoiinted «nd seized Pearl's bridle, bat tho terrified horse was kioking frantically. And Fiorry ? Her skirt, in failing, had caught in the saddle, and. when Hugh raised her head above wler, the cruel hoof had alroady struck the s.veet fair heal, and Florry was dying. Joe cams floundering across the river to give his help, and while Hugh raised, his wife in his arms the ' Kafir held the horses, and then they tarued to go on. And all of a sudden Joe's eye caught fight cf that which he had not yet rean. In the midst of .the, driftwood was a man's corpse entangled, and the, face was above water. The eyes were -wide open, and in the centre of the pale fore- . head was a round bl&ok; mark. Joe. yelled . and fled, s-ill clutching the horevand Uugh strode after him through the tide, carrying hts dead wife. Up the bank and into the thprn-ba.sh, and J there t bey laid her, all dripping, on Pearl's, baok, aod lei the horse, with its burden, to tho farm. That night she was .buried in a grove of young, trees that Hugh -had himself,, planted- And three days afterwards, his farm and stock eoldy Hugh was oa his way , down: to the . set. fcJon after reaching Epgland he j-iined a mission to West Africa, and it : wassoms ten years alter, when coming home . invalided— dying, ia fact— that ke taid ma this story of the Tragedy on the Mqph — JhiiL- Robinson, ia a London paper, 4. ,/ 