f»umor. \- Father and Son. " SiLiBKl " Saladin paused and his attitude was one to ohaxm^the«yeof artist and the eoulof poet. One lithe leg:was already^wung over tiie top of the fence, ^Imging thereto by tbe -firm b&nt; knee. Below the other leg—the left one; it! had intended to have ieft witiL tiie other one, right Boon, hot for the voine that hailed him back. Chestirat brown. and ehod with lustyi stone: bruises, were Jhe nnsandsiled feet.* Under the toweriqg rim of the torn straw hat' Saladin glanced with eyes -that gleamed less with defiance than more with a distressful consciousness that he had been caught cp in the' very moment of his triumph. He turned, and knew his lather, and him he answered that expressive -monosyllable of his native tongue: "Hay?" \- Back to thy haunt, false fugitive 1 Ha ! Bend to thy task, and ply the greas-ed saw* with many a muffled wheeze, till high the; severed hickory piles the woodshed floor, lest with a pliant skate strap I pursue, and raise, -the "fur along thy truant spine. Ha, thou; repcllious child of mine, what hid'st thou' underneath that recreant jacket? " 'For a moment Saladin struggled with his emotion, and strove to look as though he hadj nothing under his jacket. But a large sized tomato ean is too obtrusive in its rotundity, and too definitely pronounced in its platforpi to escape ^public attention, even whan dose buttoned under the mug fitting gsrmetnre of a boy of eleven yeses.; With, a despairing agh neteaid:. , . " Can full o! worms." . The skate 1aap fell from his iordly father's nerveless grasp. - -1 . - • - " Fishin' worms ? " he - t^wi " Hannem' toomy!" which by intopretation is hand' them onto' me. '• - . \- .He took tile /osn and stirred np the menagerie-with a stick. : | " Varlet," he said, " where keepest thoul thy rod and lines?'" " ' . Saladin pointed to a gloomy porner of the wood shed, and his worthy father Bcooped thelacklein. . \- " Where, thou truant villain, where are' theybitin'best-?" :..•>•,- ••••-. . ; ' " IMght in the slough, jost below the second bridge," Saladin said. i : -" Now, by my halidame, and I enjoy not an! afternoon'seport myselL IwereTvorse fhani aa infidei; and thou, .Sir.Sluggard, if there be 1 one small stick bot Bawn BBuhder when liie me home,—see thou-to it. vb , i And his rare was gone; ^gone with his rod,! his hopks and lines, hi» bait. As his huzzy-, ing'Jeet-eairied him- rmt^of sight, Saladin^ czrdled;:« ^iffilanch(dy, ;|iitter, jyet-~wiBial, a: 1 ioyouamile.'.: - --'V -..": r ^" An'ahe'-fiid-.notTejBiMje W; >the aatotid; imdge iKumf^leaf to -the bottom," lie said, an'Stfenot*tfflttóokBT3B*:the first taidge,' *n' if he finds fable ih ths ice in aUthatiandj whereto I have sent inm, &bb; may these' yearning neyes of mine ne'er gaze upoo -the' back of iqe neck again." out all the jtsxd, tough, knotty stacks,. tossed tbem with a boy's generouB impulse over the fence into the yard of a - poor. neighbor.' "They will steal our woodj anyhow," muttared flaladin, "and Heaven knows- it is right that I should sue them the sin, :andpick outthahard ones." - And as with many a rhythmio tcftee-shaw, tzt/Ke-shaw, he eswed the easy sticks. .The l»oy'e heart, ever slow to harbor malice, softened and 'rnelted -iń . the breast, as hethought (rf the°xld graitiemanbyinglo buti holes in ten^dot'ioe with va. poeketinifeJ Verily,Uie inań «mptietii!-ashas agmnst th^ north wind who lhmketh łhat Jiecetteth a long way ahead of even i very >emtdl boy The Haakeye. .'-v.:. •-vi <, ThS »eSperado' iand the Puritan. ieonr ihe ye^t 1851the;most influential man flfayiaqmtiti named Bob .Abfeusfane..- Ból) came jto San Antonio with a.fearfuliecordJ Hg enjoyed fte repnłatióń-M 'k ttm. at 'w' duce Sie oeJj'fens at hM, Jjut that was not hia lauU. He hM r: a ; sedn&ve; ^ « ! drawingi his : a#Lteen-Mich Arkabaas toothpich' ahd exsmiste ismile Śfcfereating no funerals, ju""' b l u i j . ^ had marched...... ' iJTs Wfis dsrine the re; -a'rt l' v . \- - - ' - ^ . ^ńiMbiię-rsng.j roartr u£ CA-^ familiarly called liicia'if t>.' -acTo:.-- ia4n from Boslon, na:ucil Joliii S JDUCJ — liic-u-nauiy >;3:E -" c i"i of health, as he brought very Utile v?r ti - stc ' i HewasfargonejuAJasuinntion but the fact that he ha'd tó a sW ?• ^S live, unless the climate of v.w«r« t S 40 saved him, induced him Antonio. -As everybody""carS,? 6 . to . Si a Winthrop did nflt care to insult p J ^ cency by going unarmed. Besides ™ • course might as seriousW interfere restoration to health as puttine oa s i shirt. - " C! »a His Puritan training caused him tn , at the idea of carrying firearms, so sorted to artifice. He wore a hols»t""C (instead of keeping a pistol in it he hi'lT-"' cash funds stored away in it, " ad • 1115 hi] was the wiser for it. On the contoanw"-' thrfm throp was WAR looked up nr. to f« by the , . - ' just the same as if he was loaded do^ S deadly weapons. Of caaase, tvenb-j6r • to make the sbanger from MsssacbosJtS as comfortable as if he v.as at home - t • was told all about Bob Augustine the 1- ™ ranged jroarer,,-at least ten times a div he 'was advised not t-o be particular in a'.s security for the debt in case the roarer to borrow a small loan, unless he (Winth f ) did not .wish to regain big health. The long-ranged roarer sauntered W Winthrop's room at the hotel, but befo«T desperado «odd ;open his month ot ^J® weapon the imfoitunate-Yankee threw ui ' his coat, and with trembling fingers tun-, his pistol holster to get at his monej to pease the would-be assassin. On ih'e hand, as soon as the roarer SŁW Winfr trjicg to get out his pistol he rarned ŁE 2 P es a ghost. The aileged desperado'* knocked together, the cold sweat boiled on-? over him, and.he extended his hand aad tremblingly: " . " Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee l v„ only trying to fool you. My bold Arfca^ heart beats for you, ray boy. I j«st to teach you a lesson. Never let a^y dnpS galoot get the drop on you. If anvbod,-IT salts you just tell them that Bob iana^' the roarer, is your friend." Winthrop, vrho was more scared, ij sible, than the roarer, replied : " Oh, I'll give you what you want» .„j kept on tugging at the holster, which caiunbuckled. With a yell of dismay the despęredo pasd out through the window, carrying off tic sash, and ran down Commodore street ti" principal thoroughfare, with the sash on hfc neck, howling, " Police 1 police I " dosdr pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tnWat his holster, trying to get out his money he believing that the desperado was ranainć B his room to procure a shot-gan with wSidi to commit murder. All that afternoon V,"E throp kept on hunting the roarer, to putchase peace on any terms, and the roarer hid himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged rosra of the Calaveras canyon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day for bavin* run off the terror of the Alamo City. " 