An Amusing Police Case. AN amusing case wase was heard on Friday afternoon at the Melbourne City Polict Court, before the Police Magistrate, Mr. Call. A young man of respectable appearance, named Henry Claude Winters, described as a gymnast, was charged by his mother-in-law Mrs. Elizabeth Shepheld, with stealing her furniture, which she valued at J4o. Mr. Morgan appeared for the prosecution. The complainant, an elderly woman, who had taken out a warrant, and had the prisoner arrested, said she was a widow, and earned her living as a dressmaker. She used to live at 4, Pelham-street, Carlton. The prisoner and his wife lived there also, as he had no home of his own. On the e6th July she left the house to go into service, the prisoner having charge of the furniture. On the ,6th insant, having left her place, she went back to the house to see if all was right, when she found the house empty, ;nd discovered that all the furniture had ben removed to an auction room in Bourke-street. In cross-ex amination by the accused she admitted having told him the night before he was married that his wife was not really her daughter, and that the gill's mother was in England. She would swear now that the girl was her daughter. The reason she told prisoner this falsehood was that the girl, who kvas a notorious liar, had begged her to say so. The prisoner paid the rent of the house. For the defence the prisoner called Stuart Bell, who remembered hearing Mrs. Shepherd say that her son-in- law -the accused-need not he so hard on her as to turn her out, as she had given him all the furniture in lieu of the rent which he paid The accused's brother, S. L. Winters, was then called and gave some extraordinary evidence. He announced himself as a pro fessional" sword swallower" and contortion ist and performer on the horizontal bar. The complainant, Mrs. Shepherd, was a believer in ghosts and spirits, and held conversations with the latter. On one occasion, whilst he and his brother (the prisoner) were in the house together they heard a noise which so alarmed them that they concealed themselves in a cupboard, taking weapons of defence in case of its being burglars breaking into the place. While secreted in the cupboard, peeping through the cracks, they saw Mrs. Shepherd and a little girl enter, who forth with darkened the house, and called out to the spirits in affectionate terms. The prisoner, being a bit of a ventriloquist, answered her from the cupboard "in a ventriloquial voice," saying, "Yes, dear," when she asked if a spirit was present. Then Mrs. Shepherd ad jured the spirits, and said she morally and bitterly hated her son-in-law, and mentioned in the course of her colloquy with the ghostly beings she was in imagination addressing that she was in love with an old gentleman, who reciprocated her affection and would marry her. Mr. Call here interposed with the remark, " What was said about the fur niture : to whom did it belon ?" The wit ness then, in a long rambling account of the interview between Mrs. Shepherd and the spirits, said the former bad distinctly owned to having given up the furniture, and wanted the ghost to aid her in " putting a bullet through the prisoner and helping her after wards, if convicted and sentenced to be hanged for murder, to die like a brave woman." All the while this spiritualistic conversation was going on a jingling noise was heard in the cabinet, where the two brothers were concealed, fooling the woman. After listening to a good deal of this peculiar evidence, the bench dismissed the case. 