U ALLAH AT; rnosr ODB' OWN OOIIRZSPOXDBST. ' Tho Eiatori'V dead. Born whilst tho' Do Murska was giving uptlio ghost, tho Histoid had foraomesix yvura opto held a fioht lilaco in the list of adavial mines, and.at the date of the last ' half-jcarly inoeting of tho company had won 101,961 oz, of gold), and paid £191,100 in divi- donas, .or a fraction; under £10 por share. Two years ago the mine was tho most productive ono in this district, lor in 188d its output was 20,661 oz. to . he Madauie Berry's 24, 623, but lastycar. tho two changed places, and the Madame Berry produced 126,600 oz. to tho Bistori's 20,485 oz. Binco thin tuo decadence of ihe Klstori lias been rapid, for the output this year is only 5857 oz. ; the throe last, four- «eok. totals prior to tho 26th May heing D59 oz., .841 oz., 088 oz., showing tho continuous decline in the yiold. The company must be numbered with the successes of mining, for ' its dividomls ezceed its outgoing in wages and contracts, the sums paid iu wuges boing, .at tho date already mentioned, £108,921, und in contracts £66,757. The Labilities at that date wore on y £700, so that the redising on lho p ant, &c.;, plus tha gold standing over from tho last dividond, should give it respectable winding up dividond, Liko the other corapuuics in tho Kingston and Smeaton held, the itistori is an example of the want of a law to legalise privato property mining, and give to tho minor the (nil valuo of his mine, . for tho land owners, who have no legal title to the gold, received £31,416 as royalty during the company s exist, nco. ii 1 .bad no memory oi moro than' a quarter century's failure to got a pri vate property law, or if I had largo faith in tho promise, of politicians, I might expect to. sec tho now session of Parliament give tho law inquired, but as it is I expect nothing, save that I.oxpect to get what 1 expoct. Kistori shares havo for soma time . boen practically out of the market, and tho pup, " West Kistori," has oome in its place. This new oompauy is now in good gold, with an increasing outpnt umost ovo y week. Its first'g Id was won in February, and taking tho five four-week torms up to the 26th May, wo have the to lowing ascending scale of totals: — . 889 oz., 633 oz,, 679 oz,, 1O01 oz., bo that tho. markot position of tho stock is now getting to hoi one of prominence. In common with sovoral of: tho hotter alluvial stocks, Wost Kist.ri had a brisk market last wook, and with daily, business, sold from 92s. Oil. to 100s,,. tho firmness boing due both to tho imprdriug yield, und tho prospect of the Loughlin's gutter entering tho West Itistori ground earlier than was at ono timo anticipated. The oncroachmcnt hubbub between tho two cmpanics seoms to bo -over, and tno wutoi flow in the West Kistori ap- p.ura to ' be comfortably munageablo. Alio her canso of the stock's good odor is tho richness of tho Loughlin's ground wheru it is now being worked, the gold being plentiful and lt-avy, soveral good sized nuggets, including one of 81 oz. end a "spccimeu" of 47 oz. lost wouk having boon found in tho wash. Of course tho info. - tnco, ut any rate tho hopo, is that similar luck will full to the West Itistori when tbo gutter outer, that claim. Looghtin stock al o had con stant demand and business last wook, and sales were mado in an occasionally unsettled mar ket from 05s. 9d. to 76s. 6d. Lord Harry had a rise from 75s. to 80s. to 70s., as tho adit works ami pumping goar erection ora going on very woli. It will tuko a few wcoks yot, liowovor, to compioto thorn, urn' after that there will bo water to got out hoforc tho wash di t faces can bo got into play again, Lono Hand stock has had a rest from markot operations, helped thor. to by tbo poor look of som- of tho No. 1 gutter ground, and vary firm t ansa -tions woro reported during tho wook, tbo Bales m ulc being from £11 4s. to £11. Thoro ie nothing new of importanco -in tho mine excopt ti.at mentioned, and the out- , put of gold is kept up woll. Madamo Berry ro-; entered the producing list lust week wi ll u brokon week's contribu' ion t i tho district ag rogato, and , tho stock bos not yot rocovcrod from tho dnlneas caused by tbo recent suspension of tho drives in tho wash. It had business on two days during tho weok from £16 to £16 10s. llorry CohsoIb badalmo3t dni-y business, -and endod tho week j better than it bogan, tho course of exchange be- j ing from 97a. to 91s. to 98a. Thoro bal not1 been much business in Austrulasiun stocks, nnd North's foil from sellers atSds. to sales and sailors' at 23s., buyors 20s., but tho parent stook has kept steads', though with little business. Davis's Janction had a spirt in the middle of tho week owing to bottor washings, sales from 21s to 23s. and back to 25s., show ng tbo ILw of business Ilopbuin nnd Smoat .n stocks bavo not bad much inquiry, and tbo oxhibition at tha Corner of 69 oz. of gold from eight machines of. tho Bmoaton Company, including some heavy pioeos, did not induce sp oulation. Tho two great alluvial pros, peoting ventures westward nnd southward, namely, the Dowling Forest No. 1 und tho Now Goldou Bolt, havo not yot cos fairly into wash dirt, and neither stock has yot any call to spoak of in tho m irkoi. Tho Dowiing I-'orost has no water hindrances at present, and ought soon to be raising wash, hut the bolt has had n good deal of pumpinz to do, though tho hoaviost of it sooms to bo over, and tbo wash has nlready beon eiruok, BO.thirt in both oases wo may look to hare nowa of middling result bof-ro very long. In quunz Btoeks there is on tbo wholo nn improvement, though Egortou's havo givou way from tho closing pric03 of tho wook before last and tbo prices roali-od iu tho first days of last weok, but tho yiold (180 oz.) is a iittlo beitor tuan tho previous ono, and puts tho company within tho area of modest dividends ; thcro is still hopo of smoothing good from tho new strikes of stono, and altogether the stock must keep its presont positio i unlossauother failure >b roport d from tho stopo-, Tho Black Horso hod it. first, fortnightly cleaning up last weok for 74 oz. only, si. owing a continuing fa .1 in tha inino's output— a full so far below tho paying level that operations cannot be long kept ou ovon by this economical company in the tlbsonco of belter returns. Better no -is comes from the Uordon lino to help balance the Black Horso. default. Parker's United, uftor many month's driving, is nearirig tha end,, and tho raanagomcnt hop-e also the reward of a long str.-tch of dead work. Twclvo years or .so ago a good run of stono was partially worked in the 400 foot level, and a winzo sunk upon it. A blind shaft at tho end of an adjoiuiug crosscut wasisnnic 75 foot under gcoat diificn'tios, and after two or tbieo erusbings of . paying si ono, the' water slopped operations. Now, having driv n up from tho company's rooontly ucqnirod pro perty south for a distaneoof some 800 foot at iho 550 foet lovel, tha blind shaft is nearly drained, and it is expocted tho lodo will bo picked np thoro in a couple of week's or so. Preparations' for sinking are going on, nnd.tho company.hns now-n fair show of soon being in gold ngain. Tbo prospects of a goad dis covery nor 'h woro good at the close of last ivcck, as gold is Visibioin'tho drive. Tho oomp-ny's etoak has felt nil this, and had a little inquiry, selling almost, daily, and. at f'om 2s. 6d. to 2s. lOd. to 2s. fld. during the wook. Groat Northern Talker's is also an iuok, though not in tho market, the lode having boon Btruck.on Wednes day 49 feot; from -tho. shaft, It is of a pale streaky blue, regular in formation, q- d shows gold— -ratbor :m ro gold Uian'wiis seen in tho 165,reot levol— whilst thor lode preserves about' tho same thickness. .. Opening oui north and south on. the lodo has begun, nnd the batt ry. will soon' test its value. : Tito mundic voin i« not yet mot with, hut cannot, in all probability,' be far off to tho wost. Band and Albion stopes and drives look well, and another winzo is to bo set off to the north ' for anotkor. connection between tbe Nos. 8 and 9 lovols. Main, ahaft sinking proceeding at tho samo' timo with satisfactory spood. . Tho s ock has kopte'oady, nnd has lirmo I a littlo, tho ranzc of sales daring the wook being 59s. fid. to 58s. to -64s. to 63s..-which -.ives an nverage not far from from tho figure I havo mentioned in my Inst as ono likely to bo a sort of pivot rate for tho pro. so< 1 1. The Kohinoortroubl- is not >et over, bnt it is said i hat som thing wonderfully recupera tive is to happen before long so far as dealing with the forfoitcd shares is concerned. A paiccl wan sold by unction on Saturday at '3d. a sha-e, and ft-wbslo heap bought in formally at 9d. a share. This may mono rcouporation, but it must go furthor than that, and if the' mine is to bo fairly tested the owners must put their hands in tboir -pockets and pull out somo call money. Thoro is nothing t« note alaawhoro on tho line. In Bullarat Eust, the North Woah Haup is get ting good gold, last week's output reaching to 86 oz. Tho atock is quotod now, but has had no business yet, sollers offering at 5s., with no buyors doclared. On tho Duninyong lodes tho Dosoza app-arod last week with ono more of its irregular rotortinga, which gave 224 oz... as against 152 oz. about a month ago. lluninyong Estate concea's the means of getting at its nvorngo yio'd, conceals it, that is so far as its publishsd report curs, but tbo out put of 134 oz. for eight days wozk is nothing vary brilliant, aud the av rage is low without being uuromuncrativo, though it cannot givo fat dividends. Tho s'ock baB had almost daily business, and ot fairl a to ,dy ratos. New North Clunes continuo3 to shapo well, and the stock has had business from £17 12s. 0d. to £18 12s. 6d., and will go higher still if there he oven only a little improvement in tho output, for there -is good work in store, as tho lodo is opening. Tho district output for tho week is reported at 3610 oz., of which tho quartz gave 1250 oz. 