Ifitataw, 'I SAY NO;'- OE THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED By WIZKLE COLLINS, (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE FIRST.— AT SCHOOL, Chapteb L— The Smuggled Suppek. Outside the bedroom the sight wu black snd still. The small rain fell too softly to be beard in the gardsn; not a leaf stirred in the air less calm ; the watchdog was asleep, tbe cata were indoors— far or near, under the murky heaven not a soul was stirring. Inside the bedroom the night was black and Etill. Miss Ladd knew her business as a school Yniflfowjm 4nn woll *n Allnw ninfcfr Kn'h^m ? ..?»-) be fast asleep, in accordance with the roles of the house. Only at intervals the silence was faintly disturbed, when tbe restless torn ing of one of the girls in her bed betrayed itself by a gentle rustling between the sheets. In the long intervals of stillness not even the softly audible breathing of young creatures asleep was to be heard. The first sound that told of life and move ment revealed the mechanical movement of the clock. Speaking from the lower regions the tongue of Father Time told the hour before midnight. A soft voice rose wearily near the door of the room, [It counted the strokes of the clock, and reminded one of the girls of the lapse of time. 'Emily— eleven o'clock !' There was no reply. After an interval the weary voice tried again, in louder tones. 'Emily!' A girl whose bed was at the inner end of the loom sighed under the heavy heat of the sight, and said, in peremptory tones, ' Is that Cecilia?' 'Yes.' ?? wsat co you want r 'Tin gettirjg hungry, Emily. Itj the new girl asleep?' The new girl answered, promptly and spite fully, ' No, she isn't.' Having a private object of their ora ia view, the five wise virgins of Miss Ladd's first class had waited an hour, in wakeful anticipa tion of the falling asleep of the stranger — and it had ended in this way! A ripple of laughter ran round the room. The new girl, mortified and ofie&ded;, entered her protest in plain words. 'You are treating me shamefully ! Yoa all distrust me, because I am a stranger.' 'Say we don't understand you,' Emily answered, speaking for her schoolfellows: 'and you will be nearer the truth.' 'Who expected yon to understand me, when I only came here to day? I have told yon already my same is Francine de Sor. If you want to know more, I'm nineteen years old, and I come from the West Indies.' Emily still took the lead. ' Why do yon come iiere ? ' she atked. ' WhoeverTieard of a girl joining a sew school jnst before the holidays? You are nineteen years old, are you ? Tm a year younger than you— and I have finisbtd my education. The naxi big girl in the room is a year younger than me— and she baa finished her education. Woat can sou possibly have left to learn at your age? ™' E^^e.!' cried the stranger from the West Indies, with an outburst of tears. 'I'm * *X?rJ3?ora?! «*«tow Your education ought to have taught you to pity me instead of making fun of me. I hate you alL For shame, for shame !' Some of the girls laughed. One of them— the hungry girl who had counted the strokes of tbe clock: — took Frencine'a part. ' Never mind their laughing, Him de Sar. Yen are quite right; you have good reason to complain of us.' Miss de Sor dried her eyes. *' Thank yon —whoever you are,' she answered brbk'y. 'My same is Cecilia Wyvil,' the other proceeded, ' It w»s not, perhaps, qaite nice cf you to say you hated us all. At the same time, we have forgotten our goad brooding — and t he least we can do is to beg your pardon.' This expression of generous sentiment ap peared to b»ve sn irritu'.jr.g tSict on the peremptory young person who took the lead In the room, Perhaps ahe disapproved of free trade in generous sentiment. ? 'lean tell yon one thing, Cecilia,' ahe said; 'yea shan't beat me in generosity. Strike a light, one of you, and lay the blame on me if Miss IJadd finds us out. I mean to shake bands with the new girl— and how can I do it in the dark? Miss de Sor, my name's Brown, and Fm queen of the bedroom. I— not Cecilia— offer our apologies if we have offended jon. Cecilia Is my dearest friend, but I don't allow her to take the lead in the room. Oh, what a lovely night-gown !' The endden flow of the candlelight sad re vealed Francine sitting up in her bed, and displaying such treasures of real laoe over btr botom that the queen lost all sense of royal dignity in irrepressible admiration. 'Sevenand sixpence.' Emily renjarked,look ing at her own nightgown, and despising it. One after another the girls yielded to the attraction of the wonderful lace. Slim and plump, fair and dark, they circled round the oewpnpQ in their flowing white robes, and arrived by common consent at one and the same conclusion : ' How rich her father most be!' favorea Dy lortune.in uxe matter of money, was this enviable person possessed of beauty as well? In the disposition of the beds, Miss de Sor was. placed between Oecflla os the right band, and Emily on the left. If, by some fantastic torn of events a man— say, in the interests of propriety, » married doctor, with MIbs Xiⅆ to look after him— had been per. mitted to enter the room, and had been aek»d what he thought of the girls when he came out, be would not even bave mentioned Francine. Blind to the beauties of the ex pensive nightgown, be would bave noticed her long tipper lip, her obstinate chin, her sallow complexion, her eyes placed -too dose together — and would bave turned bis atten tion to her nearest neighbors. On one side, bis languid interest would have been In stoutly roused by Cecilia's glowing auburn hair, her exquisitely pure skin, aud her tender blue eyes. On the other, be wccld bave discovered - a bright little creature, who would have fascinated and perplexed him at one and the same time. If be bad been questioned about her by a stranger he would bave been at a loss to say positively whether she was dark or light. Hie would bave remembered how her eyes bad beld him, bnt he would not bave known of what color they were. And yet she would have remained a vivid picture in hia memory when other imnressions derived at the same time had vanished. * There was one little witch among them who was worth all the rest put together; and I can't tell you why. They called her Emily. If I wasn't a married man ? ' There, he would have thought of bis wife, and would have sighed and said so more. While the girls were still admiring Fran cine the clock struck the half- hour past eleven. Cecilia stole on tiptoe to the door — looked out and listened— closed the door again— and addressed the meeting with the irresis tible charm of her sweet voice and her per suasive smile, 'Are none of you hungry yet?'' she en quired, 'The teachers are safe in their rooms; we bave set ourselves right with Fraccice. Why keep the supper waiting under Emily's bed?' Such reasoning as this, with such personal attractions to recommend it, admitted of but one teply. The queen waved her hand graciously and said, ' Pull It out.' Is a lovely girl— whose face possesses the crowning charm of expression, whose slightest movement reveals the supple symmetry of her figure — less lovely because she is blessed with a good appetite, and ia sot ashamed to acknowledge it? With a grace all her own, Cecilia dived under the bed and produced a basket of jam tarts, a basket of fruit and sweetmeats, a basket of sparkling lemonade, and a superb cake— all paid for by general subscription, and smuggled into the room by kind connivanoe of the servants. On this occasion the feast was especially plentiful and expensive in commemoration, not only of the arrival of tbe midsummer holidays, but of the coming freedom of Miss Ladd's two leading young ladies. With widely different destinies before them, Emily and Cecilia had completed their school life, and were now to go out into the world. The contrast in the characters of the tiro girls showed itself even in such a trifle as the preparations for supper. Gentle Cecilia, sitting on the floor sur rounded by good things, left it to the in genuity ot others to decide whether the baskets should be all emptied at once or banded round from bed to bed one at a time. In the meanwhile her lovely blue eyea rested tenderly on the tart*. Emily's commanding spirit seized on tbe reigns of government, and employed each of her schoolfellairs in the occupation which she was fittest to undertake. ' Blisa de Sor, let me lookat your hand. Ah ! I thought so. You have got the thickest wrist among us ; you shall draw the corks. If you let the lemonade pop, not a drop goes down yonr throat. iEffie, Annis, Pi-isciUa, you are three notoriously l»zy girls ; it's doiDg you a true fcirdnees to set you to work. Kffie, clear the toilette- table for supper ; away with the combs, the bruthea, and the looking glass. Ancis, tear op that old newspaper, and set the pieces out neatly for dishes and plates. Kb ; I'll unpack ; nobody touches the baikets bnt me, Prisciila, you bave the prettiest ears . in the room. You shall act as sentinel, my dear, and listen at tbe door. Cecilia, when you bave done devouring those tarts with your eyes take that pair of scissors — (Miss de Sor, allow me to apologise for the mean manner in which this school is carried on ; theksivesandforks are counted and locked up every night)— I say, take that pair of scissors, Cecilia, and carve the cake, and don't keep the largest bit yourself. Are we all ready ? Very well. Now take example by me. Talk as much as you like, so long as yon don't talk tco loud. There is one other thing before we begin. The men always propose toasts on these occasions; let's be like the men. Can any of you make a speech ? Ah, it falls on me, as usual. I propose the first toast. 'Down with all schools and teachers— especially the new teacher who came this half year. Oh, mercy, bow it stings !' The fixed gas in the lemonade took the orator at that moment by the throat, snd effectually checked the flow of her elo quence. It made no difference to the girls. Excepting the cue of feeble stomachs, who cares mr esoqueEce in me presence oi a supper- table ? There were no feeble stomachs in tbat bedroom. With what inexhaustible energy Mies lAdd's young ladies ate aud drank! How merrily they enjoyed the de lightful privilege of talking nonsense ! And —alas ! alas ! —how vainly they tried in after life to renew the once unalloyed enjoyment of tarts snd lemonade ! In tbe unintelligible scheme of creation, ibire appears to be no human happiness — ret even the happiness of school girls— which is ever complete. Just as it was drawing to a close, the enjoyment of the feast was inter rupted by an alarm from the sentinel at the door. ' Put out the candle !' Priscilla whispered. ' Somebody on the stairs.' Chatter n.— Biogbaphy in the Bedroom, The candle was instantly extinguished. In discreet silence the girls stole back to their beds, and listened. As an aid to thevfgilance of the sentinel, the door bad been left ajar. Through the narrow opening a creaking of the broad wooden stairs of the old house became audible. In another moment there was silence. An interval passed, and tbe creak ing was heard again. This time the sound was distant and diminishing. On a sudden it stopped. The midnight alien ;e was dis turbed no more. What did this mean? Had one among the many p?isons in authority under Miss Iiadd's roof heard the girls talking, and ascended the stairs to sur prise them in the act of violating cne of the rules of the house ? So far, snch a proceeding was by no means uncommon. But was it within the limits of probability that a teacher BiiuLuu BiKr uer u|iuuuu ul iier uwu au&y; halfway up the stairs, and deliberately go back to her room again? The bare idea of scch a thing was absurd on the face of it. What more rational explanation could in genuity discover on the spur of the moment Francine waa the first to offer a suggestion. She shook and shivered ia her bed, and sai 1. ' For heaven's sake, light the candle agaia ! It's a ghost !' 'Clear away the supper, you fools, before the ghost can report us to Miss LadcL' With this excellent advice Emily checked the rising panic The door was closed, the candle was lit, all traces of the supper disap peared. For five minutes more they listened again. No sound came from the stain ; no teacher, or ghost of a teacher, appeared at the door. Having eaten her supper, Cecilia's im mediate anxieties were at an end ; ahe v« at leisure to exert her intelligence for the be iefit of her schoolfellows: In her gentle, in gratiating way, she offered a composing sug gestion, 'When we heard the creakinc I don't believe there was anybody on the stairs. In these old houses there are always strange noises at sight— and they say the stairs here were made more than two hundred yean since.' The girls looked at each other with a sense of relief, but tbey waited to hear the opinion of tbe queen. Emily, as usual, justified the confidence placed in her. She discovered an ingenious method of putting Cecilia's sugges tion to the test. ' Ijet'a go on talking,' she said. ' If Cecilia is right, tbe teachers are all asleep, and ire bave Eotiicg to fear from them. If she's wrong, we shall sooner or later see one of them at the door. Dont be alarmed, Miss de Sor. Catching us talking at night, in this rthcti, ciily oeacs a reprimand. Catching os »ith a light ends in punishment. Blow cut the cendie,' Frandne's belief In the ghost was too tin cerelyaqpentitiouitofaeshaken. She started npinbed. ' On, don't leave me in the dark! - JTl take the punishment, if we are found out' 'On your sacred word of honor:' Emily stipulated. ** Yes— yes.' The queen's sense of humor was tickled. 'There's something fanny,' she remarked, addressing her subjects, 'in a big girl like this coming to a new school and beginning with a punishment. May I ask if you are a foreigner, Miss de Sor ?' 'My papa is a Spanish gentleman,' Fran cine answered with dignity. 'And your mamma?' 'My iMHnnift ia English.' 'And yon. have always lived in the WVut Indies?' 'I have always lived in the island o! Sin Domingo.' Emily checked oS on her finger* tbe dif ferent points thus far discovered in the character of Mr. de Sor's daughter. 'She'a ignorant, and superstitious, and foreign, and rich.' 'My dear {forgive the familiarity), you are an interesting girl— and we must really know more of you. Entertain the bedroom. What have you been about all your life? And what in the name of wonder brings you here? Stop ! Before you begin I Insist on one condition, in the name ot all the young ladies in the room. No useful information about the West Indies I' Francine disappointed her audience. \- She was ready enough to make herself an object of Interest to her companions ; but she was not possessed of the capacity to arrange events in the proper order necessary to the recital of the simplest narrative. Emily was obliged to help her by meaos of questions. In one respect, the result justified the trouble taken to obtain it. A sufficient reason was discovered for the extraordinary appearance of a new pupil on the day before the school closed for the holidays. Mr. de Sor's social position at Saa D jminga bad been (to use his daughter's words) the position of 'a *mall planter— too poor to send to France or England for a governess,' The mother's health was delicate; and the mother's interest centred in her only other child— a son, born in the later years of her married ate, xrom nrat to last, if'raaciae (in her own opi&iorj;) bad been shamefully neglected. Six months since the prospects of the family had been changed for the better, on the death of a bachelor relative. Mr. de Sor's brother had left him one of the finest estates in San Domingo, and a fortune in money as well, on the one easy condition tbat he continued to reside in the island. Tbe question of expense being now beneath the notice of the family, Francine had been sent to England, specially recommended to Miss Iihdd as a young lady with grand pros pects sorely in need of a fashionable educa tion. The voj age had been so timed, by ad vice of the schoolmistress, as to make the holidays a means of obtaining this object pri vately. Francine was to be taken to Brigh ton, where excellent masters could be ob tained to assist Miss Jdadd. With six weeks before her, she might in some degree make up for lost time ; and, when the school opened again, she would avoid the mortification of being put flown in the lowest class along with the children. The examination of Miss de Sor having produced these retults, was pursued no further. Her character now appeared in a new, arid not vety attractive light. She auda ciously took to herself the whole credit of tell u-g uer awry. *' I think Ifs my turn now,' she said, 'to be interested and amused. May I ask you to begin, Miss Emily. All I ksow of you at present is that your family name is Brown,' Emily held up her hand for silence. Was the mysterious creaking oa the stairs making itself heard once more? No. The sound that had caught Emily's quick ear came from the beds on the opposite side of the room, occupied by the three lazy girls. With no oew alarm to disturb them, Effie, Annie, and Priscilla had yielded to the com posing influences of a good supper and a warm night. They were fast asleep— and the fattest of the three (softly, as became a young lady) was snoring ! The unblemished reputation of the bed room was dear to Emily, in her capacity of queen. She felt herself humiliated in the presence of the new pupil. 'If that girl ever gets a sweetheart,' she said indignantly, 'I shall consider it my duty to warn the poor man before he marries her. Her ridiculous name is Euphemia. I have christened her (far more appropriately) Boiled Veal, No color in her hair, a* color in her eyes, no color in her complexion. In short, no flavor in Euphemia. You naturally object to snoring. Pardon me if I turn my back on you— I am going to throw my slipper at her.' The soft voice of Cecilia— suspiciously drowsy intone — interposed in the interests of mercy. 'She can't help it, poor thing; and she really isn't loud enough to disturb us.' 'She won't disturb yon, at any rate! Bouse jcurself, Cecilia. We are wide awake on this side of the room— and Francine says it's our turn to amuse her.' A low murmur, d;ing away gently in a sigh, was the only answer. ft*eet Cecilia bad yielded to the somnolent influences of the supper and the night. The soft infecaon of repose seemed to be in some danger of communicating itself to Francine. Her large mouth opened luxuriously in along-continued sawn. ' Good night,' said Emily, Miss de Sor became wide awake in an instant. ' No,' she said positively ; ' you are quite mistaken if you think I am going to steep. Please exert yourself, Mi» Emily— I am waiting to be interested.' Emily appeared to be unwilling f o exert herself. She became Interested in the weather. 'Isn't the wind rising ?' she said. There could be no doubt of it. The leaves m the garden were beginning to rustle, and the pattering of the rain sounded on the window;. Fnncine (as her straight chin proclaimed to all students of physiognomy) was an obsti nate girL .Determined to carry her point, the tried Emily's own system on Emily her self — she put questions. 'Have you been long at (Ms school ?' 'More than three years.' ' Have you got any brothers and sisters T' ' I am an only child.' 'Are your father and mother alive ?' Emily suddenly raised herself in her bed— ' Wait a minute,' she said ; ' I think I hear it again.' ' The creaking on the stairs !' 'Yes.' Either she was mistakes, or the change for tbe worse in tbe weather made it not easy to hear slight noises in the house. The wind was still rising. The passage of it through the great trees in the garden began to sound like the fall of waves on a distant beach. It drove the rain— a heavy downpour by this time— rattling against the windows. ' Almost a storm, isn't it?' Emily said. Francine's but question had not been answered yet. She took the earliest oppor tunity oi repeating w — ' Never mind the weather,' ahe said. Tell me about your father and mother. Are they both alive?' Emily's reply only related to one of her parents. 'My mother died before I was old enough to feel my loss.' ' And your father ?'' Emily referred to another relative— her father's sister. ' Since I have grown up,' she proceeded, ' s-y good aunt has bees a second mother to me. My story is in one respect the reverse of yours. You are unexpectedly rich ; and I am unexpectedly poor. My aunt's fortune was to have been my fortune, if I outlived ber. She has been ruined by the failure of a bank ; in her old age she must live on an in come of a hundred a year, and I must get my own living when I leave school.' ' Surely your father can help you,' Francine persisted. ' His property is landed property.' Her voice faltered as she referred to him even in tbat indirect manner. 'It is entailed; his nearest male relative inherits it.' The delicacy which is easily discouraged was not one of the weaknesses in the nature Of Francine. 'Do I understand tbat your father is dead?' she asked. Our thick-skinned fellow- creatures have the rest of us at their mercy — only give them time and they carry their point in the end. In sad subdued tones, telling of deeply-rooted reserves of feeling seldom revealed to strangers, Emily yielded at last. ' Yes,' she said, ' my father is dead.' 'Long ago?' ' Some people might think it long ago. I was very fond of my father. Ifs nearly four years since he died, and my heart still aches when I think of him. I'm not easily depressed by troubles, Miss de Sor. But bis death was sudden — he was is bis grave when I first heard of it— and ? Oh, he was so good tome; he was so good tome!' Tbe gay, high-spirited little creature, who took the lead among them all— who was the life and soul of the school— hid her face in her hands and burst oat crying. Startled and— to do her justice— ashamed, Francine attempted to make excuses. Emily's generous nature passed over tne cruel persis tency that had tortured her. ' So, no, I have nothing to forgive. It isn't your fault. Other girls have got mothers and brothers and sisters— and get reconciled to such a loss as mine. Don't make excuses.' 'Yes, but I want you to know that I feel for jou,' Francine insisted, without the slightest approach to sympathy in face, voice, or manner. 'When my uncle died, aid Ic-ft us all the money, papa was much thtck-d. He trusted to time to help him,' 'Time has been Ion* about it with me, Francine. I am afraid there is something perverse in my nature; the hope of meeting again in a better world seems so faint and so faraway. Kb more of it now! Iiet us talk of that good creature who is asleep on the other side of you. Did I tell you that I most earn my own bread when I leave school f Well, Cecilia has written home and found an employment for me. Not a situation as governess — something quite out of the common way. You shall hear all about it.' In the brief interval that had passed the weather bad begun to change again. Tne wind was as high as ever; bat, to judge by the lessening patter on the windows, the rain was passing away. Emily began. She was too grateful to her friend and schoolfellow, and too deeply interested in her story to notice the air of indifference with which Francine settled herself on her pillow to hear the praises of Cecilia. The most beautiful girl in the school was not an object of interest to a young lady with an obstinate chin and unfortunately-placed eyes. Pouring warmly from the speaker's heart, the story ran smoothly on to the monotonous accom paniment of the moaning wind. By fine de grees Francine's eyes closed, opened, and closed again. Towards the hitter part of the narrative Emily's memory became, for the moment only, confused between two events. She stopped to consider, noticed Francine's silence in an interval when she might have said a word of encouragement, and looked closer at her. Miss de Sor was asleep. \- ' She might have told me she was tired,' Emily taid to herself quietly. 'Well, the best thing I can-do is to pat out the light and follow her example.' As she took up the extingaisher the bed room door was suddenly opened from the outer side. A tall woman, robed in a black dresBing-gowr), stood on the threshold looking at Fmilj. {To be continued ) 