Troubles of an Irish Emigrant (Continued.) [As Related by Himselv.] The letthers were all from my shipmates, ex cept wan from my father at home in ould Ireland ; my shipmates had all got places,- wan here and another there—the goose was engaged as a liutkeeper on Mattwarringoola station, Jim Rankine went out to live with a farmer in the South-East, and loined his place foine; the two M'Quill's got work in town, and Barney O'Gallagher was home with his relations. My father tould me mathers was very bad in Ire land and getting worse every day. 'In troth,1 saya he, 'no man's life is safe after nightfall, and as for shooting aa agent or a landlord the boys thinks no more of it than a breach of the game laws j and, bedad, I wish. Larry, all my boys weie out in Australia, for these .American agitators will cause x war with their scheming and plotting, and shure it's more misery they will bring on us. Isn't the Telford family all broke up through it. little Telford sailed for Australia the first of the mouth, so von mav meet him out there : he did well to clear out, for his brother has sworn by the rock of Cashel to smash him if ever lie eo:ne3 out of gaol—if ever he does—aud every one knows i>ig Telford keeps his work. But avoid him. Larry, aviek as ycu would the divil.' Faith, thought I to mewif, when I finished the letter, ray father need not fear for me, for, be the powers, X would net ax betther sport than having a general square up with me gentle man 011 wan of these big plains, with no wan but our two selves to do the job. I little thought the time was to come when all seotes would be paid off without my interference. I put my Ietthers by with & light heai t, glad to know that the ould people were well and that my jewel MoIIey had not "forgot me, for she put i a postscript in her own purty hand to my 1 father's letther. I went to the shed aud worked | away till sundown that night; aftlier supper ' the overseer tould some of the men who had keen complaining of want of_ room, that soma of them might sleep in the little store, and he took the lock off it and let them in ; the P"lc® was empty, except a big cask in the middle of ' the floor, wan of the chaps got a slush ldinp I aud placed it on it, others got then beds and some brought some boxes aud cases so as to sit round it, for they were on for playing cards, and soon they were busy with thetr game. ^ There was wan chap among them, I forget his name now. but lie was a divil for tricks; he was sit ting on the opposite side of the cask, which I aftherwards found was full of tallow. 'Look here boys,' says he, <wfc are doing a very foolish thing smoking and knocking the ashes out of our pipes about the cask, to say nothing of the lamp, for it's full of blasting pawther got up for the well-sinkers. Then he began telling them some awful stories about explosions. I was sitting on some sheepskins close behind him, and I see him have in his left hand, held well down out of sight, a big horse-pistol, wan of the ould style. I guessed what he was up to. but X said nothing ; I saw the men were getting fearful with bis talk, and some of them stood up to go away from the powther cask, as they thought when bang went the pistol and out went the light at the same time. Divil such a rout ever was seeu, every man for himself and the divil take the hindmost, bad luck to me if I can help laughing now when I think of the figure they cut with theiv white faces, and thrimbling all over with the fright they got, it beat Banagher entirely. YV ell about a fortnight afther that I was sent with a lot of sheep out to a hut about nine miles from the station ; I had a hoise to ride, and afther hand ing the sheep over to the shepherd aud ha\ing a-bit of dinner meself I started for home, and was canthering along the road, when I was goiufi through a bit of iB&llee; I thought I liGftrd. some wan crying, I stopt to listen and faith I was not mistaken, for shure enough there was someone there, and whoever it was it seemed^ ts me was laughing, crying, swearing and praying all at the same time. I headed the horse for the uproar, and soon I found a cbap all of a heap un«Jer a tre», he was making such a howl ing he never heerd me come ' Oh, bad luck to the day I left ould Ireland ; oh, but it's meself is lost entirely ; oh, God help mo what shall I do, boo, boo, boo.' ' Who the divil are you anyhow, and what are you doing here,' says I, giving him a kick in the ribs as the quickest way to get his atten tion, and before I could tall what he was about he jumped up like a shot, flung his arms round my neck and kissing and mugging me as if I was kia mother or his sweetheart, crying and slob bering all the time; ' God bless you, Larry, God bless you, Larry.' X got clear of him at last, and who should it be but the poor olud goose, lost for two day's, and as lie said he was tired wauthering about, he had laid down and was making up his mind to give up the ghost. When I found him he was most dead with thirst, and a well of water not quarter of a mile off him. I wanted him'to ride the horse and I would walk; but all I could say would not persuade him to trust himself on horseback, so leading the horse we trudged on together to the well, where he got a good drink aud then he told me his adventures. ' I was engaged, he said, ' as a liut-keeper on Mallwarringoola, to cook for two shepherds, and I had to sleep in a thing they called a watch-box that was out back of the sheepyards, so as to mind the sheep from the wild dogs at night. The box was made of galvanised iron with four legs to stand on, and two handles in front and two behind like a hand-barrow for carrying it about, and a sliding door in the side, snug enough to sleep in. Well, last Monday night I west to bed, Larry, as usual, and may I never if it's not the truth I'm telling you, when I woke up up next morning divil a bit of hut, yards, sheep, or anything else was to be seen, nor could I find anything of them anywhere, and, though the box when I got in it that night stood close on the bank of a creek, next morning the creek was gone too. and as stopping about there would not get my breakfast I started off to find some place or other, and I've been travelling ever | ^^Well,' says I, ' but that's a queer story en- I tirely, I never heerd the likes of it, and faix at ( : first J, thought it was all lies he was telling me.' but a thought came into my bead— 'What sort o£ chaps are your hut mates,' [ say I. ' Is it the two shepherds you mane 2 says he. i 'Yes.' says I. 'There two of the growlingesfc lazy hulking beggars ever you came across.' says he, 'Just think, they expected me to get up and get their breakfast for them at dayligiit in the morning, afther me sleeping in the watch-box minding the sheep for them all night, and then curse and swear at me aud call me out of my name besides the grumbling discontented blackguards, had luck to them, and they with nothing in the world to do but crawl about from wan hill to another all day afther the sheep, sleeping most ol their time.' 'Did you not tell me,' says I, 'your' watch box had handles to it.' ' Well it's thrue for me,' says he. ' Well,' says I, 'tor a lark they carried your box and all while you were asleep and put you down in a strange place, and as they could not have carried you very far, if you had used your eyes more and your legs le3S you would not have got lost.' And shure enough that was what happened him. I took him into the station witli me, and for fear he might get lost again the oversea" sent him over in the station cart to his hut, which was twelve miles away. (To be continued). The Tichborne Claimant made his first public appearance since his release at a meeting of his supporters at St. James's Hall on the_29th. Admission was by payment, and the Claimant delivered a long speech containing of the pre judice and injustice of various judicial and other authorities. Referring to Cresswell in Sydney, he asked whnt reason had the Justices there for refusing to give up Cresswell. The Claimant concluded that he intended to live quietly in the bosom of his family for the remainder of his life, through lie would never cease agitating un til he had gained his family rights. A resolut ion that the Tiehbonrne-Doughty Settled Estate Act ought to be repealed and Sir Roger restored was carried unanimously at either meeting. 