HARD TO WIN.' BY GEORGE MANVILLE FENN (Author of 'Ship Ahoy, 'Dutch the Divbr,' 'The Foundry Belle,' etc.) THE siORY OF STRANGE LIVES. THE STORY: 1860. — STRANGE LIVES. Chapter XLVIII. — A Hurried Departure. John HaiBh seemed to Glare greatly ex cited and harried. There was something strange, too, in his way whioh she oould not understand, bat set it down to that which he had gone through. Oh, John,' she began, clinging to him, bat he cheeked her. « Hash !' he exclaimed. ' Not a word. Go down.' This to the servant, who tossed her head at the imperative order, and left the hall. 'Now,' he said, 'quick, your hat and jacket. I have a cab waiting. Are we going out, dear ?' she said, inquir ingly. ' I have jast sent for Usn4e.' ' How foolish !' he cried. ' Bat waste no time. Where are we going ?' she aske3, wondering at his strange, impetuous manner. 'Don't waste time, dear,' he cried; 'but get ready. You shall know all as we go.' Clare's tears began to flow, but she hurried away to prepare herself, while Huish walked quickly from room to room muttering im patiently. Not that there was much need, for Clare reappeared at the end of a minute or two rapidly tying on her hat. ' I am ready, dear,' she said, laying her hand upon his arm. That's right,' he cried, smiling, and look ing mote like himself. ' Come along !' Shall I tell cook how long we shall be?' said Clare. 'No, no. Come along,' he oried, im patiently, and harrying her oat of the hoase, he helped her into a cab. ' Cannon street station,' ho said to the driver, and. jumping in beside her, the c&b; rattled off. 'Are we going to leave town, dear?' said Clare ' You'll soon see,' he cried. ' I can't talk to you now ; the cab wheels make, so much noise. Can't yoa trust me ?' Oh, yes,' she cried, laying her hand upon his arm ; ' but you forget how anxious I am to know more.' ' Well, well, be patient,' he cried. ' There, if yoa most know, I have been short of money.' ' Yes, dear, of coarse. I knew. Yoa for get,' she said piteously. Yes, of course,' he replied. ' Well, I was arrested for debt, and I have got away. We must stay in private — there, I'll speak. plainly — in hiding for the time.' « Oh, John, dear, this is very terrible,' she oried. ' Why not go to Unele Robert ? He weuld help us I am sure.' Yes, perhaps so. We will settle that afterwards. The first thing is to get a place of safety.' ' Safety, John, dear V Well, you don't want mc to remain in prison,' he said. Oh no, dear,' she cried, clinging to bim. 'Bat Tom — my father.' « What about them ?' he said, sharply. ' What did they say to you ?' When ? How ?' he asked. They came after you, dear,' she said, Bimply . ' Oh, yes ; they are busy with the police, of couree. Clare, dear, if you love me be patient aud wait. Don't question me when I have so much to think of just now.' She laid her hand in his, feeling it clasp her fingers warmly, and, troubled though she was. she felt that she had her husband's companionship, and she sat listening to the noise of the cab wheels as it rattled along in the direction of the eity. Nothing more was said till -the vehicle drew op, when Haish leaped oat and helped her to alight. He then handed the cabman a liberal fare, and exclaimed, ' Gome along, darling, or we shall miss the train.' He hurried her into the station along the platform, and into the waitingroom. Sit dowb a minute,' he exclaimed, and he went to the door, while as she sat down she started, for something touched her, and, looking- down, she saw the great head of Joby lying in her lap, hie tongas out, andjhe was covered with mad and panting heavily, as he stared up in her face in his quiet, etolu way. . . . _ . . Ah, my poor old Joby,' she said, laying her hand upon his head ; and he blinked bis eyes, bat there was no answering whine, no wag of the tall. Joby was not a- demonstra tive dog, and he was glad to rest his head in his mistress's lap after the long ma after the ; cab. Just then Haish came back. -j ' Hallo !' he exclaimed ; 1 that dog here ?' ' j 'Yes, dear,' she cried; 'be has ina ell the ! way.' It doesn't matter. Come along.' He drew her arm quickly through his, and, bidding her lower her veil, ho led her hastily oat of the station across the road, and into a narrow lane. 'Are we not going by train?' she ashed, gently. No, it is too late. Just gone. Come along and don't talk, dear.' She harried along by his side, for he was walking very fast, and only noticed that they went through a perfect maze of narrow turn ings, now up, now down, Huish stopping from time to time to lock back to sea if they were followed. He kept this up for nearly an hoar, and Clare was getting hot and exhaueted, when he turned sharply into a darker and narrower lane, where the peculiar scent of oranges saluted her nostrils, glanced rapidly up and down the deserted place, with its two or three lamps and dimly- lighted public-house. The next moment he had thrust her into a heavy doorway, there was the rattle of a latch-key, and Clare felt herself drawn into a dark passage, and the door was closed. Chapter XLIX. — In Huish's Sanctuary. Safe at last,' said Huish. Are you tired?' 'Rather, dear,' she panted. 'But, JohD, what place is this ?' ' My sanctuary,' be said, in a peculiar voice. Give me your hand. Gome along. I'll tell you when the stairs fcegiD.' He led her along the dark passage, aud a strange chill of dread struck upon Clare, as the faint earthy, clinging odour from below rose to her nostrils. She started nervously, too, as a peculiar sound was heard. ' What's that?' she cried, starting. ' Bah ! The dog's claws on the ' oilcloth going upstairs,' ho said, laughing. 'He knowB the way, then — he has been here before,' she cried, eagerly. Oh, yes ; often,' was the reply. ' Come along.' As they reached the first lauding, a light suddenly shone out, and a few steps higher Clare gazed wonderingly at the weird figure of the Midge, with her long, black, unkempt hair, as she stood holding a baby on one arm and an ill-smelling; lamp high above her head. There was an intent, ourions, inquiring look in the Midge's eyes as they seemed to fasten upon the new-comer, gradually growing vindictive, as they passed her without a word. Who is that?' whispered C'are. ' Servant,' eaid Huish, laconically. ' Won't make yon jealous, eh V 'John, she whispered back, in a pained voice. why do von sneak to me like that ?' ' Oh, it's only my way,' be -said, flippantly. Come along.' They went np faster, for the stairs were lighted by the Midge's lamp, and, reaching the second floor, he threw open the door of the comfortable, well-lit room, aud drew her in, hastily opened the door of communica tion with the bedroom, satisfied himself that it was empty, .went on and locked the farther door leading out to the landing, aud returned. There, darling,' he said, 'you will be safe and happy here.' ' Ob, yes, John dear,' she said, gazing at him wonderingly, hia manner seemed so strange; ' but I am so anxious to know.' Yes, yes ; all ia goof; time, dear,' he cried. 'Tnere, off with that bat and jacket. Why, Clare, dear,' he oried, 'you look lovely.' There was a hoc red spot in his cheeks as- he spoke in a curiously excited way. and Clare felt a strange sense of shrinking as he hastily snitched away her jacket, threw it on a chair, and clasped her in his arms. ' John,' she cried, struggling to free herself, ' look, look !' He loosed his grasp and turned suddenly upon June, who stood in the doorway, looking ghastly pale, and her great eyes dilated with rage and surprise. She had evidently risen from a sick couch, and wore a long, loose white dressing gown, which, with her long, dark hair flowing over her shoulders, gave her an almost supernatural look, heightened by the silence in which she gazed from one to another. ' What are you doing here V cried Huish, sharply. ' I thought you were in bed — ill ?' ' I was,' replied June, slowly, ' till 'I heard you return.' 'Go back. to it, then,' he said, brutally. « Why do ycu come here ?' Clare shrank back towards the couch, as June slowly entered, with her eyes fixed fiercely upon her, and the door swung to. ' Who is this ?' said June, in a low, angry voice. ' Take no notice of her. I Will get her away,' whispered Huish, crossing to Clare's side. ' She is mad.' ' No, girl ; I am mot mad,' said June, isterniy, for her organ of hearing seemed to have been sharpened by her illness, and she had heard every word. 'John Huish,' she said, sternly, 'answer me — who is this?' Clare's eyes dilated with horror. She was oonfuBed and startled. She could not com prehend her position or why they were there ; and, as the recollection of the happy evening she had spent oame to mingle with the chaos Of fftftoiei onti surmises that hqrried through in I — Willi win n ii i lis ii mm i iiuiMisaii— — her brain, it seemed to her like some strange I nightmare, from which she felt that she | would soon awake into peace and repose. ! To make the scene more impressive, the heavy, deep booming of St. Paul's striking . midnight floated into ths room with the strange jangle of other bells, some slow, some hurried, all bent on proclaiming the same fact — that another day was dead, another being born. As June repeated her question, Huish's eyes grew dqjrk with rage, and "he pointed to the door. 'Go down,' he said, ' at' once, or ' June shrank from him for a moment as she saw his look ; but her jealous rage mastered her fear, and she stepped farther into the room. HuiBh seemed undecided what to do ; he glanced at Clare, then at June, aud then back, to see 'that the "former was looking at him imploringly, as if asking him to end the scene. 'Go down, Jane. Back to bed,' he said, firmly. ' You are ill ; and he laid his hand upon her arm. Worse in mind than in body,' she cried, starting away. Girl,' she continued, passionately, you look truthful aud un spoiled ; tell me who you are.' Oh, yes,' . said Clare, quickly, as she advanced with extended hand and a look of pity in her face. 'I am Mrs. Huish.' June's lower jaw dropped, and a blank, stony look oame into her eyes. ' Married !' she said, hoarsely. ' Are you his wife — to-day ?' Oh, no,' said Clare, wonderingly ; ' for some months now. You are ill and delicate. Can I do anything for yon ?' 'No, no; no, no,' cried June hoarsely. ' Don't touch me : I could not bear it. Tell me once more.' ' Here, enough of this,' cried Huish, angrily, ' June, go down.' Don't touch her,' said Clare, excitedly, and she interposed. She is ill— very ill. I am Mrs. John Huish,' she repeated. ' The woman he has wronged 1' panted June, laying one hand upon her breast and point ing with the other. No, no,' said Clare, beginning to tremble, as she thought of the scene upon the stairs ; but you are ' . 'That man's lawful wife,' said June, hoarsely, 'and whom he now casts aside for some pretty baby face that takes bis fancy.' It is false,' cried Clare, with spirit. My husband is a gentleman and the soul of honour.' ' It is true,' cried June, bitterly ; ' and that man is a liar, a cheat, a ecoun — oh, God, I cannot bear it ! Lst me die 1' She threw up her hands and reeled ; in another instant she would have fallen, font Huish darted forward, caught her in his arms, and bore her out of the room, carrying her down to the next floor ; while Clare, as she heard his receding steps, sank into a -chair, and gazed blankly before her. She started up, though, as Huish returned, with a smile upon his face, and closed and locked the door. Poor thing !' he said, lightly. ' I am sorry she came up. Ill, you know ; her baby. Beaton temporarily gone. She accuses every body like that.' ' John,' oried Clare, trembling, ' I cannot understand you to-night ; you are so strange and unlike yourself. Is what that poor oreature says true? Oh, I cannot bear to hear such words !' ' True ? Is it likely ?' he said, approaching her. Why, are not you my little wife ?' ' Yes. yes,' cried Clare, shrinking from him ; ' but tell me, John, dear John,' she cried. Forgive me for asking you, but it is so dreadful to hear what she said. Oh, my own husband, tell me !' she moaned, as Bhe flung herself upon her knees and clasped his knees. ' Clear away this dreadful oharge 1 I could not bear it if it were true 1' ' True, you silly "little thing ? Why, how absurd ! How could it be trae ? There, come, it is late, and I am weary. Why, my darling, you look as if you had seen a ghost.' Do I ?' she said, faintly, as he raised her up and encircled her in his arms. 'I am weak and ill ; the excitement has been too mack "for eb. John, love, make me happy. Tell me again that this woman is mad.' ' Quite,' he said, quickly, as he drew her closer to him, while she, for the moment yielding, gazed dreamily over his shoulder. Then her eyes met his, and as she gazed fondly in response to his impassioned glances, a strange revulsion took place— her face became convulsed with horror, and, thrusting him away, she uttered a low wail and fled to the other side of the room. 'Clare, are you mad too?' he cried, pur suing her and catching her wrists. Yes, no, I don't know,' she criBd, excitedly. Don't touch me ; I cannot bear it.' Silence 1' he cried. ' Do you want to alarm the house ?' \- Oh, no, no,' she panted. ' But you frighten, you horrify me. ' HuBb, fool !' he oried. ' Be silent !' ' No, no,' oried Olare, struggling, as he seized her in his arms and lifted her from the floor. ' Leave me ! Oh, help— help.— help !' Help came from where it was not expected, for aa Glare, struggling frantically, was being borne towards the inner room, there was a savage growl— the snarl that a tiger might have ottered— and, creeping from beneath the coaoh where he had lao, Joby made two bounds and leaped upon Hqiah's shoulder,' fixing his iron jaws in his arm and hanging there, ottering a savage, worrying noise for a moment or two,and then remaining passive, as, dropping his burden, the man uttered a wild shriek and turned to battle with tha dog. He staggered about the room for a moment in his agony, for the animal's teeth were driven deeper into the muscles, feeling like red-hot iron, aud then swung himself round to try and throw the dog off ; but he might as well have remained still, for all the effect it had upon his assailant. It was his right arm, too ; and though he struck at Joby fiercely with his left fist, the dog merely olosed his eyes and drove his teeth more deeply into the fldsh, hanging there by the powerful muscles of his hags jaws and neck, and not even uttering & menacing growl. It was horrible. The man's lace grew con vulsed, and, with starting eyes, he snapped and yelled, bending down at last, after futile efforts to choke the dog with his left band, and biting at it, setting his teeth in the back of Joby's head, bat only being able to reach the skin. At last, mad with fear and pain, he fell£ and the straggle grew more horrible, for dog and man rolled over and over, the homan being growing dog-like in the terrible fight, as he foamed and tried to ase the weapons which nature had given him. In her horror Clare shrank away, till sha stood holding by the door-post of the inner., room, gazing with dilated eyes at the hideous fray ; till, just as is was at its height, ardt the man, underneath, was striving hard tt keep the dog from making a new hold upon his throat, the door was dashed open, and Balass and Thickbroom, whits and scared, ran in to stare horror-stricken at the over turned furniture. 'Help! Quick 1' oried Haish. 'Shoot him! Eill the beast- 1 He has torn ma horribly !' Balass made a step in advance, but Joby, now crouching on his fallen enemy's breast, bared his white teeth, and his eyes looked red as flame, as he uttered a low, fierce growl 'Fetch a pistol; there is one in tha drawer,' groaned th9 prostrate man. ' But I daren't come in,' cried Balass. ' I would not be bitten by that dog for a thou sand pounds.' ' Fools!' oried Huish. 'Are yoa going ta let him tear my throat ? Curse the beast, ha. must he mad 1 He started ap on to his elbow jast then, for Joby had slowly retreated, baring hia teeth, and.looking back at his enemy from time to time with a low growl till he reached Olare, before whom he stood in the inner doorway, and, turning round, uttered at tha men a low, deep-mouthed, baying bark. Huish started Gp, bleeding and disabled, tc ' drag open the table drawer and te£e oat a revolver. ' Stand aside, Clare,' he oried, hoarsely, as he pointed the pistol at the dog. For response she sank upon her knees in the bedroom and clasped her arms round Joby, who barked defiance at his enemy. ' Call him off ; get him away. I can send ; a bullet through his skull. Curse yoa, you v fool,' he shrieked, ' let the dog go.' Clare did not move, only oroached there trembling, and clang to her protector, creep- r ing back farther and farther from vthe door, till Balass stole along the wall and banged it close and turned the key. ' Are you much hurt ?' he said. ' I don't know — I can't tell. Give me some brandy. The beast' is as strong as a horse. Curse me — I shall faint direotly.' He lurched sideways, as if about to fall, ' but recovered himself and oaaght Thick- broom's arm. ' Take me downstairs,' he said, hoarsely. ' I shall be better there. I mast have the bites washed.' ' He shuddered and looked strangely from one to the other, as the two men exchanged glances ; and then, with their help, he walked below to drink with avidity glass after glare of brandy, and then sleep by the fire the long night through, . . 