A FEW MONTHS IN THE AZORES. [Br H. S. B.] No. 3. As in all Roman Catholic counties, they have a carnival in St. Michaels, but it is a feeble affair after what one sees on the Continent. The fact that every balcony is provided with a pail of water and a garden squirt renders promenading the streets to share in the fun rather a damp amusement. The Azoreans take their pleasures moistly, owing, I suppose, to the nature or their climate. During Holy .Week the religious entertainments are very numerous. I have called them religious entertainments, because in reality they are nothing else, and are only regarded in this light by the people themselves. The Church and its festivals seem to take the place of a good theatre or hippodrome, while the priests act the part of caterers for the public amusement. The chief excitement begins on Good Friday, and, following the usual custom, I made a round of the Churches to see all the sights. The Matriz, being the largest and moBt important of all the Churches, claimed the first attention. At the entrance I found sentries stationed, with their muskets reversed, to direct people in by one door and out by another. Inside the Church it was pitch dark. This was causad by black curtains being hung in front of all the windows and doors, while the glories of the high altar were also hidden out of sight by enormous black hangings, suspended from roof to floor in the chancel. Here and there a few tapers flickered before some of the shrines, which only served to make the dark ness more apparent. Groups of women in their mysterious-looking capotes were kneel ing about on the stone pavements, or gliding like black spectres from Chapel to Chapel. Nobody uttered a word, ana the silence throughout the whole building was in tense. One of the smaller Chapels had been very effectively arranged as the Holy Sepulchre, displaying considerable dramatic spirit in the persons who were re sponsible for this part of the spectacle. Making my way through the crowd in front of it, 1 knelt like the rest, and observed at my leisure all the details. Just in front of me stood two soldiers, with their muskets re versed, guarding the Sepulchre, and across the entrance was stretched a curtain cf gauze to heighten the effect and give the scene in side a weird, ghostly appearance. The Sepulchre itself had been built up of rather theatrical- looking rocks, and was illuminated by side lights, casting a subdued ash coloured tlare ovei the whole, very suggestive of eath. On a rocky ledge away in the recesses of the cavern lay the shrouded body of our Saviour, the outline of whose form under the grave-clothes could just be distinguished in the dim light There was such an absence of the usual display of tinsel and florid ornamentation, and the scene had been so naturally arranged, that I found it difficult at first to realize it was only a tableau, and, consequently, felt no surprise at the deep emotion of the crowd around me. The other Churches were much as this one I have attempted to describe—all of them dark as night, and silent as. the grave. The Azoreans, following the example of some places on the Continent, celebrate Easter on Saturday instead of on Sunday, and the resurrection Bervice, as it is called, lasting from 9 a.m. till 1 p.m., is by far the most im posing of all the ceremonies, Ab 12 o'clock strikes every curtain falls down as if by magic, and the Hallelujah Hymn is sung by. a choir of trained Bingers, proclaiming that Lent is over and the joys of Easter have begun. Anxious to get a good place I started off at 10 o'clock next morning across the square to the Church of San Jose, which is of immense size like the Matriz, and where the best singers are to he heard. I found it as dark as on the previous day, and could at first make out scarcely anything. When my eyes grew accustomed to the gloom I saw that the ser vice had begun, ana the centre of the Church was already full of women, squatting on the floor and packed as close as sardines in a tin. Without much difficulty I managed to get a good place at the altar steps, a woman very kindly giving up the end of a form for me to sit upon, while sue joined the squatting crowd on the ground. There I sat for two tedious hours surrounded by capotes, in the depths of which could be seen bright Portuguese eyes gazing eagerly: at the " Inglez sefior." A few paces in front of me were some twenty priests droning out Latin prayers, to which nobody pretended to pay the slightest attention. Throughout the building there arose a loud bum of conversa tion from the rapidly increasing crowd, just as there would be in a theatre before the curtain went up. At balf-past 11 the priests filed out, chanting and carrying candles, and after about twenty minutes had elapsed they returned in the same order, minus the three head priests, who branched off to the side, to appear presently when the curtains were drawn. By this time the place was crammed, and from my seat I could look over the heads of the crowd, stretching' right away to the doors, while all the galleries and staircases were a mass of excited human beings. A little more droning from the priests, and suddenly at a given signal down came all the curtains. After sitting for two hours in the dark the light waB almost too dazzling to see anything at all, and my bewilderment was considerably in creased by a band bursting out into a deafen ing crash of music, which sounded like some quick operatic march. Instead of the great j black curtain in front of us we now saw the altar, a blaze of gold, with candles and flowers reaching away to . the roof, and encircling halfway up a life-size figure of the Virgin.. Prostrating themselves before the altar were the three priests, robed in splendid vestments, of gold and embroidery, and on both sides acolvtes sent up clouds of incense, which quickly filled the chancel with its fumes. The band having stopped its terrible noise, the exquisite voices of some singing priests were now heard as they raised the HaJleliyah Hymn, and the beautiful tones of their voices bad a most soothing effect after the excite ment of the last few minutes. The effect of the sudden change was almost indescribable, and no transformation scene at a London pantomime could possible have been managed better. The priests not engaged in this last performance kept smiling at one another, and looking pleasantly towards the crowd, as much as to say, "Isn't it lovely, and wasn't it well done?" The people soon began to disperse now, the music and the following service not beiog what they came for, and I was glad, too, when it was possible toeBcape, as the odour of "hot peasant" had become un 'bearable. Daring the next few days there were endless processions, _ of which the Azoreans never seem to tire, thongh we English began to think it wbb possible to have enoagh of a good thing, even of processions. In April the storms became l:ss frequent, and my long-deferred plans for exploring the island began to take . shape. Although no part of St. Michael's can be said to be with out interest, jet only two places are usually made the object of an excursion. They are both large craters, or systems of craters, situated amongst the groups of higher moan tains at either end of the island, namely the Sets Cidades (Seven Cities) to the west of the island, which can easily be done in one day from Ponta Delgada, and the Valle des FurnaB (Valley of Caves), some distance farther off to the east. Here there is a large village and Portuguese thotel and also an English hotel, in the latter of which I had decided to pass the summer. They account for the name of the Sete Cidades by the following story -.—In the early part of the fifteenth century the first discoverers of the Azores found at the east end of St. Michael's a beautiful undulating plain, on which they proposed to bnild seven cities. Having marked out the ground where these cities were to stand", they sailed away in order to procure the necessary implements with which to set to work. - On their return at the end of a year great was their surprise to find in the place of the undulating plain a group of lofty volcanoes, which had been thrown np during their absence, and were now covering the whole district with lava and ashes. Some time after this, when a colony had been founded bv the Portuguese at the other end of the island, they were almost frightened to death by another violent eruption at the Sete Cidades. On this occasion the peaks of the highest monntains sank in ana left these gigantic craters, 2,000 feet deep, running one into the other. They are now covered with vegetation, and form basins for two beautiful lakes, Lagoa Azul and Lagoa Grande. These two lakes are only separated by a narrow strip of land, which is completely, covered in a wet season. Some years ago goldfish were introduoed into the island, and now swarm in all the lakes and pools. No fresh-water fish were previously to be met with owing to the streams being bo heavily charged with mineral, and as the shores of the lakes are always lined with the dead bodies of these goldfish they mnBt find it difficult to sustain life in such large numbers as at present abound. At Sete Cidades there was lately some volcanic disturb ance which destroyed the whole of the fish in the neighbourhood, but they are now aB numerous as ever again. If the weather is fine the views to be obtained from j the tops of the craters are indescribably, beautiful, the whole island stretching cat before you towards the east, while north, south, and west lies the broad bine Atlantic, peaceful enough to look at now, hut carrying in its bosom my special enemy the Gulf Stream, and there fore to be admired sparingly. 1 can never hear now the name of that dreadful stream' mentioned without a shudder. For, as Vol taire said of Ce coquin Habbakuk," it is " capable de lout." On April 141 bade by no means an affec tionate farewell to Ponta Delgada, and set I ont for my summer quarters at Furnas. The I day was gloriously fine—the clearing up of a week of strong northerly gales—«o that when my carriage drew up at the door of the ! Allian9a Hotel, all prophesied for me a delightful ride through some of the grandest scenery in the island. | The carriage was a small one, having only seats for two, and was drawn by three mules abreast. My heavy luggage had been sent off earlier on either donkeys or males—the only animals capable of climbing up and down these mountain roads. A cool breeze tempered the heat of the sun, which might otherwise have seriously interfered with my pleasure, the sky being cloudless. As it was, my Indian helmet proved of great comfort, and was also a source of no little amusement in all the villages I passed through. The distance to Furnas as the crow flies is under twenty miles, but owing to intervening mountains the journey has to be made by a road which crosses to the north side of the island! where the hills are lowest, and then, agaiD, after some ten miles along the coast, turns inland towards the south, making the journey at least thirty miles for a carriage, and a thirty miles, too, of no ordinary description. Nowhere in the whole of St. Michael's did I ever see a flat bit of ground, unleBS it had been artificially made, but this road to Furnas appeared to my unaccustomed eyes nothing but a series of precipices, uo and down which we crawled much alter the fashion of flies on a window-pane, though the scenery was certainly . all that it had been described to me. For the first few miles through the suburbs and outskirts of the town nothing could be seen owing to the unsightly lava walls on both sides of the road, but once clear of these, one view after another opened out before me—peeps of sea and mountain through the forest trees, glimpses of wooded hiils and cultivated elopes—all bathed in sunshine, and vying with one another in beauty. The hedges were full of bright Bpring flowers, arum lilies growing everywhere in profusion, and irany other kinds, which one only sees under glass in England. At the top of the ridge of bills in the centre of the island is a small, perfectly formed crater, and here for the first time 1 caught sight ot the sea on the north eide. After the gales of the preceding week a tremendouB surf was rolling into the coves and bays all along the coast, and the broad bands of enowwhite foam, encircling the headlands and outlying rocks, contrasted beautifully in the Bunlignt with the deep blue of the Atlantic.' Cornwall in all the glory of its coast scenery rose up before me, but this was a good imitation of it, and here we bad in addition mountain slopes, ending abruptly in lofty cliffs or reaching down to the water's edge, such as Cornwall could not boast of. After -crossing the backbone of the island we were soon rattling through the streets of Bibeira Grande, the second largest town of St. Michael's. It is built close to the seashore, and' possesses mineral springs of soma note, though not to j be compared with those of the Furnas Valley. The appearance of a stranger was the signal for a universal hat-lifting, and it proved a task of considerable labour to answer all the salutations I received both here and else where along the road. At first I found myself boding right and left like royalty,, but this could not go on for ever. It soon got to nodding, and towards the end of the journey I felt unable to do more than glare stupidly at the passers-by, who never by any chance omitted to remove their hats and make the grandest of bows. A little way past Bibeira Grande began the steepest part of the journey. The road here passes over several spurs of mcuntainB running down to the coast from the higher peaks above, and between these spurs are deep valleys, .which obliged us frequently to descend to the sea-level, only to mount again one precipitous hill alter another till we arrived at Porta .Formosa, - Here we halted for a short rest in a village, and became immediately the centra of a ragged, begging crowd. As in most of the country villages, the dwellings were rather snggeBtive ot primeval man, all the doorwayB being blocked up by the usual swarm of nude children and ancient hags, the latter more fearfully ugly than anything I rifled ever saw before, and handsomely provifl in many cases with beaids. The driver having refreshed himself with the poisonous wine of the country, I gave the word to start once more, glad to escape from the over-curious and importunate natives, and we soon commenced the steep ascent inland, which was to bring us to the high plateau above the Furnas Valley. We quickly changed our vegetation and climate. Banana • trees and palms dis appeared, giving place at an elevation of 1,000 feet to beautiful pinewoods. the scent of which was moat refreshing. The air, too, soon lost the oppressive feeling of the coast line and became light and bracing. Further up still the pine-woods began to break away into moorland, covered with the — Azorean heather, and by the time we reached - the top I seemed no longer in St. Michael's, but in the Scotch Highlands. Bright, fresh looking grass lined the roadway, and numberless little burns came tumbling, down amongst the boulders, half-bury ing themselves here and there under banks of moss and ferns. To appreciate this one mnst have been Bhut up in a semi- tropical town during six months of perpetual rain, and nothing but the driver being present prevented me from jumping out of the carriage and shouting with delight. At this altitude there is often a slight frost during the winter, and only a month previously two men had been frozen to death while tending their flocks of goats. We met some of these herdsmen, who gladly supplied me with goat's-milk out of a skin in exchange for a drop of whisky, which made them smack their lips and cry " Muito bon, muito bon." A. little further on, at the brow of a hill, we stopped to put on the drag for at least the hundredth time, and then began an easy descent between high banks. The driver, however, told me to keep a good lookout, for I should soon see such a view as I had not beheld in all my life before. Sud denly, without any warning, we shot round a corner, and the far-frmed Valle des Furnas lay at our feet. We were on the edge of an enormous crater, four miles long, two or three miles broad, and surrounded on nearly every side by sheer precipices, varying from 1,000 feet to 2.000 feet hign. It is everywhere juxuriously wooded, and the picturesque irregularity of the ground throughout the whole valley greatly adds to its beauty. In different places over the tops of the trees can be seen columns of steam rising up from the boiling springs: they are all that is left to remind us that this lovely valley was formerly the scene of volcanic dis turbances, and that not so very long ago lava and pumice stone could alone be seen where now the earth .is clothed with the richest vegetation. The last actual eruption took place from a small crater in the centre of the valley about 200 years ago, but to this - day earthquakes are of frequent occurrence, though it is selaom that they are sufficiently violent to do any damage. The descent into the valley was soon made,. and our mules put . on a fine spurt as we galloped through the Btreets of the.village to' their stables. From here the rest of the journey to the English hotel had to be made on donkeyB, owing to the absence of a proper roadway any further. Through the centre of the valley from north to south runs a line of small craters, dividing it into two parts. ' In the eastern half lies the village and the principal hot springs, at a height only of 600 feet above the sea. The western half is nearly 300 feet higher, and is entirely taken np by a lake (the Lagoa des Furnas), about a mile across each way. Two hundred feet higher still, perched on the side-of tWohfl crater walls, is the English hotel,, owned by some English merchants. in the town, aad very ably con ducted by _ Mr. Brown and his wife. It stands m its own grounds of some 400 acres, almost entirely planted with pine-trees.' Terraces have been cut in all directions out. of the hill-sides, from whence the saunterer can enjoy at hiB leisure views over every part of the valley. The place was formerly owned by Dr. Hinton, the celebrated London aurist. and is now again to be sold, so that it. is doubtful whether it will exist much longer - as an hotel. Furnas is so entirely unknown outside the Portuguese world that an hotel can never be made a very paying concern under the present conditions. That the valley may always remain un known is my fervent prayer, for Brown, Jones, and Robinson would soon spoil the place, if they and their friends made it a . popular resort for the British tourist. Fortu nately there is little fear of this last calamity, as Europe is 1,000 miles away, and the At lantic has few charms for that excellent trio above mentioned, who love not as a rule to go down to the sea in ships and behold the. wonders of the deep. With the exception of the frequent rain the climate may be said to be absolutely perfect. The temperature is fenerally ten degrees cooler than that of 'onta Deleada, and the air possesses a clear, bracing freshness, such as one finds during the summer in the Scotch Highlands or on the Yorkshire moors. Speaking from personal experience 1 can . testify to the marvellous improvement it worked in an invalid's health during a stay of only a few weeks, when the weather, too, for a great part of the time was very un favourable. If patients are allowed to come to this island it should be explained to them that a residence in the town will probably do them as much harm as a residence in the mountains will do them good, and above all things they'should first make certain of the sort of honse they are going to live in, other wise they may discover, when it is, too late, that they are doomed to pass a long rainy - season in an erection which combines the copious ventilation of a birdcage with the gloominess of a barn. On my arrival at the Furnas Hotel the first thing that met my eyes was a large open fireplace and a heap of pine logs blazing on the hearth; this was enough in itself to recommend the house as a residence for English people above all others in the island, and the comfort that fire proved no words . can describe. The lake below the houBe, like all the other lakes, is full of goldfish, . and on the northern extremity of it, close to - the entrance of the hotel grounds, are some boiling springs of the Bame description as those in the village, two miles off, thongh on , a much smaller scale. The latter spread over a space of ground several acres in extent, and when you first approach them it . is scarcely possible to avoid feeling that the infernal regions must be somewhere in the ■ neighbourhood. The surface of the ground js broken up into holes aud mounds, much as n old chalkpit would be; indeed, it re sembles a chalk-pit in more respects, than one, for it is everywhere covered with a . whitish-yellow crust of sulphur and other n-incral deposits. The earth trembles with . the loud throbbings of the boiling masses underneath, and iu all directions one sees cracks and fissures emitting jets of hot water and sulphureous vapours. Immense columns of steam rise up from the larger cal deiras (cauldrons), some of which are ten feet in diameter, and so hot that it is im possible to go near them. In the middle are fountains of boiling water, three or four feet high, and the over Sow is carried off in trenches and pipes to supply the Government baths, which are close at hand. These baths are free to every body, no person being allowed to build a private bath unless he at the same time erects one for the public of a like descrip tion. The most extraordinary feature of "these caldeiras is that within a space of a few yards only you will see half a dozen springs, each of a'totally different nature to the xest. One will be boiling and per fectly clear; another will be cold and muddy; another lukewarm and yellow with iron, while from a fourth hole will come nothing but powerful jets of steam, as from a lnrgp kettle. All are heavily charged with minerals—sulphur, iron, and soda being the principal ones—while the "Agua Azeda" spring sends out a water so full of carbonic acid gas that it resembles sodawater, and is very pleasant to drink. By far the most horrible to look at is the Bocca do Inferno (Mouth of Hell), which is a cave at the bottom of a small hollow, and to which yon descend by a steep slimy path. Accompanied by subterranean noises of a very terrifying •description, fountains of boiling black mud are thrown out to some distance from the mouth of the cave, and the clouds of blackish steam arising from it leave on the sides of the cliff an oily Bediment, which is a wonderful remedy for cutaneous diseases. In every accessible spot you can see the finger-marks of those who have come to scrape off this healing ointment, which leaveB an unpleasant impression on the mind that skin complaints are universal through out the neighbourhood. During the summer months the village of Furnas is full of Portu guese visitors, who, as far as I can make out, take a bath every morning and spend the rest of the day in gambling. They have, in fact, little else to do, for there is no fishing to •be had, and the shooting is hard work in warm weather. Anybody, however, who -doesn't mind a long trudge over the moorland on the mountain side wul be rewarded by a j fair bag.of quail, rabbits^wild duck, and an -occasional woodcock. There is no close season, and no permission is required to shoot -over any of the land in the island; so that an attempt to preserve game would only end in rage, disappointment, and perhaps man slaughter. A stranger, however, in the ab sence of sport, will find much to interest him In the ennous and novel life of the natives, their queer customs and simple habits having a strange charm, owing to the valley being so \- completely shut out from the world. On Trinity Snnday the village was en file, ■ and from far and near came peasants with little gifts of country produce for the Holy -Ghost. They had all previously been to con fession, and the waitress at our hotel was in tears for two days because the Padre had set her some disagreeable penanceB. She told me afterwards, with a rare wink, that she \- only went once a year—though that was quite \- enough for her. To receive the gifts to the "JSspinto Ban to, a small temple arbour had been erected, and a tiny -girl, who had been crowned "Empress" at the morning service, presided within, attended by the eldero of the village. Being invited to enter, I stepped inside and was accommodated with a seat of honour at the table, a crowd of urchins having been unceremoniously kicked out to make room for me. At the top sat the small girl, deoked \- out in a mass of finery, and in front of her on the table lay the great tin crown, denoting .her exalted rank. (She held in her hand a .metal wand, with which she touched the various offerings as they were brought in, to bless them, I presume, though I cannot be . sure, as it was all so mysterious, and far beyond mv comprehension. Then an auotion was held for the benefit of the Holy -<3host, and I was induced to lay out . many cerilhas in beans and cheese, and < home-made cakes of a very revolting appear ance. At this period of the proceedings the odour of the elders and the little girl over came me, and after sternly refusing to pur \- chase a goat and ten large hens I beat a hasty retreat into the open air, where I found a number of men playing violently on tom toms and violas, which they accompanied by noisy shouts. My donkey man was fortu nately at hand with my beast, on which I fled at a great speed up the road. At the top of the first hill I halted to look back on the village, and my donkey man asked mCif I didn t think the ceremonies very grand, and the music more beautiful than anything 1 bad ever heard before. Good, simple soul 1 he has rarely left the valley all his life, so why undeceive him? "Yes, men bon amigo," I reply, " I thought it all splendid, especially the music of the tomtoms, which sounded most delightfully, not to say ravishing." As . a reward for this awful fib be smiles at me, . and thinks evidently that I am a person of great taste and discrimination. It is late when we get back to the hotel. The large full moon has just risen over the opposite hills, and is shining across the lake, which lies peace fully asleep below us in the bosom of the crater. Its surface mirrors the pine-clad hills and the quiet sky of a lovely evening, speaking to our souls of rest. I fear, though, that the -donkey man's soul is more intent on the ■beans and cake awaiting him in the village ■ than on any such subtle delights, em I dismiss -him and go into the nouse. "Goodnight, ■ beautiful valley. Goodnight, gentle reader." 