SPORTING NOTES. By " Newmarket." Save, perhaps, the interest- whioh attaches to the big handicaps of the spring and i autumn, such as the Melbourne and Caulfield | Cups, the Newmarket Handicap, and the Aus- tralian Cup, no gatnenng 01 ine year ai Flemington attracts more attention than the winter meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, and certainly the reunion which will I be decided at headquarters to-day promises I to fully sustain the high estimation in which the winter fixing of the premier racing insti tution is held by. lovers of the sport. Coming after the poor display of equine ability wit- nessed for the past few montns on outsiae racecourses, where a few speedy weeds are i made the medium of gambling by | the multitudinous" " flotsam and jetsam" I generally recognised by the term of " racing men," the meetiDg of all craok cross-country horses at present in I training will be a treat to the onlookers, and as tbe running track was never in better order than at present, those wbo make the journey to the banks of the Saltwater River to-day I may rely npoi) an enjoyable afternoon's j sport. Our new Governor, Sir. Henry B. I Locb, and Lady Loch, will probably honour | Flemington with a visit, and the presence of | the vice-regal party will lend additional attractiveness to tbe gathering. The racing will be inaugurated with the Maiden Hurdle \ Raoe, . and though the original entry -of N\ twenty-ix has been slightly reduced, there- ib still a large field engaged in the race. In point of quality no fault can be found with the competitors, for I notice that the list includes the names of several. Melbourne Cup candidates. Those most known to fame, however, are Bassanio, The Ghost, Star, Omadbaun, Stafford, and Insolvent. The last-named is credited' with having rnn five furlongs, somewhere in the Western district', in an incredibly short time, but whether that performance is good enough to place him in the front rank of a two-mile hurdle race remains to be seen. He is in Scobie's stable, at Bailarat, and the very mention that he hails from the golden city is deemed suffi cient by some to justify his being selected to furnish the winner. Bassanio, I am told, haB tackled kindly to the jumping business, and I am assured that The Ghost will render a good account of himself. He is gifted with a rare dash of foot, and if he can stay as well as he can gallop, he ought to vsry nearly win. Om&dh;&un; is an honest horse, and may run well forward, and Border man is said to have improved considerably since he was placed in Scobie's hands; so that he, too, may be among the leading division. The Flemington folks to a man go for Hazard, a three-year- old oolt in Ohifney's stable. I fancy, however, that The Ghost will win ; and, next to the Bracelet winner, I like Star and Om&dhaun.; All going well in the Maide 1 Steeplechase, The Baron I Ought to reward his owner this j time, and perhaps Kulkyne and Marquis of Waterford will be found to be tbe most reliable of tbe others. The Grand National Hurdle Race presents a very open aspect, and owing to there being no date set apart for acceptances, it is difficult to know what horses are going However, I have an inclination for The Joker, who will, no doubt, be troubled by Don Quixote and Flamborough. The Grand Na tional Steeplechase has last year's winner, Blackthorn, at the top of the list with 12st 121 b, but though the son of Alarm is in great buukLe just now, I should pass him over in my search for the winner. Lizette, who has ohanged hands recently, was never so well since she came to Melbourne, and Fame has a good reputation in Bailarat, despite her moderate disnlav at Canl field rpopntlv I believe that she will render a good account of herself, and as she will be steered by Gorrigan I fancy the verdict will be Fame, Followed home by Lizette and Blackthorn, while, of tbe outside division, nothing reads better than Friendless. Mebsi should appropriate the Selling Hurdle Race, and the Flat Race I shall award to | Ironmaster, though Regulator, Belle Brandon, and Im pulse are bound to be near him at the finish. I have been requested, through Mr. T. Haydon, to notify that the Winter Meeting of the Wyndham Raoing Club will take place on the date originally selected, viz., Saturday next, the 26th July. I notice, however, that I the meeting is advertised to be held on the I 9th August, and as the 28th July is mentioned I as the nomination day, some complioatien is j likely to arise if the alterations in the dates I are not made. The Bailarat Turf and Hunt Club Winter Steeplechase Meeting iB announced tc take place on Friday and Saturday, the 12th and 18th September next, when an attractive bill Of fare will be submitted. Timely intimation iB given that nomina tions will be due on the 1st prox. for the Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes for 1886, and seeing that such sires as Con tractor, Sir Walter Scott, Yon Moltke, jun., Vermont, jun., Boccaccio, and Len Rose have been nominated, the stake should fill well. The jockey Easton, who was badly hurt through Guardfish falling with him in a hurdle race at Gambier Town last week, unfortunately succumbed to his injuries on | Saturday l&et.; ! The statement made by the Sydney Even ing News, that the Government of New South Wales intended resuming the land occupied by the Randwiok racecourse, has been denied, the Government not having any such intention. Dizzy, who won the Grand National Hurdle Raoe last year, but went off im mediately afterwards, appears .to be return ing to his form again, for I see that he won the George's River Handicap, | run in New South Wales on Saturday, under the auspices of the Liverpool Jockey Club. Boscawen was second, and Rosinante third. Dizzy is engaged in the Metropolitan at 6st. 71b., and, &b; I previously remarked, he should take a lot Gf beating if he goes to the post in anything like his best form. He is in Mr. A. F. Smart's Btable, that gentleman having purchased him soon after his viotory at Flemington. Mr. [Fred] Heywood, who officiates as clerk of the course at the V.A.T.C. gatherings at Caulfield, has become a benedict, having espoused the daughter of Mr. [Dawson], of Dandenong. As Aide-de-Camp began to shqw signs of soreness, his owner, Mr. J. Leek, has der aided to give him a spell, and the son of Tim Whiffier has been blistered, and treated to a short sojourn in the paddock. By the Bucephalus, which sails for Cal cutta to day, Mr. Baldock will take a care fully-selected shipment of well-bred horses fox the Indian Berviae. Referring to Walton, the ' Yankee plunger," an English correspondent of ail American paperremarks : — ' In my opinion, and that opinion ii based on twenty years experience of racing 'matters, Walton has fallen into a cardinal error in buying and maintaining a stable of racehorses. To a man like the New York ex-street cleaning contractor, who follows racing purely ana simply as a means of making money, astablo of horses— at hast of the elassof animals that Mr. Walton maintains — is an incubfa rather than otherwise Before he himself owned racehorses, his whole time, energif% and ability, appear to have been de?oted$ft k j finding out the seoretB of other stables, and in fids pursuit Ihere wnqCwJ . - ? ' V : ' , yy; . t ' ' ' - v. ' - -- v v. „ ba wm phuaoniroa By mo -cwfaL Nov, how ever, the game ifl changed. He baa entered th-3 Ion as an mraar, sad pitted his kaow- )e%e of bnsEflfidi afsinst that of men oftee tiaa his wealth ud twenty times his ex- perieaee. Tss result is not difficult telae ee, sad whOe admiring the thorough grit of tha man and the oomsge be displays in trying again after each reverse of fortune, I aas that we. shall soon see the last of Mr. Walton as an owner of hones on this side of the Atlantic.' From oar English files £ notice that Peall astonished the billiard world last month in a played against Mlieheli at Cam- bridge. The game was 1,000 op, P-sli in receipt ox 103 points. By breaks of 44, 126, 211 (eighty -three spots) and 411 (ar finished), he ran out a winner by 803 points. Requested to continue plajiag, he snbesqaenily caa.-siled the marvellous break oi I 939, containing fourteen, forty one, fifty- three, twenty -two. and 518 spots stroke?. This is the highest break on record, and surpasses the 1.055 made twice by Mitchell in p telle matches. The steeplechase horse Great Western was old on Monday, at Kirk's Bazaar, to Mr. Bond, of i'rasfcon. who, it is said, intends to use mm for \ hunter. At the Fttzroy Court, Monday, Jeremiah Boland, the licensee of the Champion hotel, was charged, under Section 4 of the Police Statute Amendment Act, with keeping a common gamin 2-hoose. Mr. Chomley pro- secuted, and Mr. Parres defended. Severa witnesses attested to having written to de fendant, forwarding money, and receiving in reply, tickets which ei titled them to "a share la a sweep on the Waterloo Cun. The defence raised was that it had not been safa Gently proved that "Arch-Medium," who had signed the receipts, was identical with defendant, and also that the statute did not apply to sweep promoters, but to the sup- pression of betting. After a lengthy hearing, the Bench committed defendant for tial at the sessions of the Gen trad Criminal Court. Merman has been struck oat of the Mtl bourne Car. A showing the Importance with which the Haei g Calendar is regarded by those who take an interest in the turf. I msy mention that the circulation of the official record of th T B C.f which is issued monthly, is ever 27 (KO eopie». Notwithstanding the difficulties that j surround the South Australian Jockey C-hte. th; committee have deteralnsi to carry on rscing fur another year, trusting to tHe Legislature to re; eti tbe'presect ToIi=st w Act. The secretary, Mr. S, Bimsrc, has consented to undertake the duties of fc = ; ©See grain h-os y, sua the hacdicarper will , be as.ed to give the clab a helping hiad by handicapping without salary for twelve ' mostns. No en ries will be called far Derby. ISS5. Leger. 1835, and S.A. Stakes, 1885, at preseai. Programme for Spring Meeting, 1384, will be published shor-ly, perhaps in oonj auction with the Hant Glob. _ Tbe gates and ether privileges in connec tion v. 1th the Y.B C. Grand National meeting, to be decided to-day, realised £110 10s., the gafcse alone bringing £35. Daring the week Lisriie h&s; been cold, and it is said that the Western district stare 1ms fcxjome the join® property of Mr. S Marti:i and Mr. M. Jacobs. Fame is how the prime favourite for the Grand National Steeplechase, the Ballsrst pan having backed" the mare for a good stake down to 3 to L For the Maiden Hurdle Bscs SteSord and Lady Teazel have been I supported down to 4 to 1, and 7 and <6 to 1 are accepted about The Ghost. The Tasmanian Racing Giab is now ia a J position to announce that the Kobsrt Gun, | of 1.000 govs., is an fait accompli. The I winner is to receive 709 eovs. and the sweep, which will be 10 eovs., so that the stake will he a v-ny rich one, and should attract 3 large field from this side of ths straits alone. The second horse will receive ths selaiisei of 200 eov$., and 109 so vs. will be awarded to the thirs. The New South Wales hardlersear Flsm- boroah has arrived at head quarters, and viil try conclusions to-dsy in the Grand National Hurdle Rice. Ths Port Augusta (SA.) races appear to nave passed eff pleasantly enough on Tuesday and Wednesday last. On the opening day, tiie indent Wait a While won the Hurdle Saee, beating Freedom and M&rrung.; In the Flying Handicap, All Smoke was fo'- lowsd home by The Lawn and Lnrline. L Anson, a colt by King Cols from the imported mare Lady Keith, by Keith from Lady Mortimer, woo the Port Augusta Cop from tiie old Panic mare Fictitious, Exile being third. The Lawn reversed positions wita Ail Smoke in the Half- inlle Ban?, and on the following day Freedom carried o2 the Selling Hurdle Race. Wait a While, who was one of tbe three starters, fell and, it is feared, icfared bis rider, Wymsn, tbe well-known jockey, fatally. The Flinders Handicap terminated in favour of JacscG, who disposed of Fictitious and Exile, and the votes an Tancred added another to hie numerous i« of Steeplechase wins, beating Abbot. The Invn appropriated tbe Pastoral Cop from Vistula and Charcoal, but eoaid get no nearer Ibis third to Fictitious in the Farced Handicap. I notice nay confrere " R opens wood " wa» tbe only one who selected Melfort to win the Waterloo Gcp. He di i not protest him- eelfwfth any contingencies, but plumped outright for Kr, Ghirnside's cog j and I hope to be as eoeaeeafal in my prognostications for the various events to be ran at Fkmine-en to-day. Mr. W. Bailey has had the 01 lock to lose Stock well, who died at Bali&rat; cm Thursday team inflammation of the intestines. Stock- . veJi ru full brother to Mains, and ran in the Melbourne Cap won by Thv Assyrian. Bur ftf T hrrnnai for unfair driving of JUttie Disk fcrtee Deeembsr jmrobug of the YiBforian TroUtog Oiub has been ramoved. ; : The following are the scratching for the Y.R.O. Winter Meeting, to he rua to- day: — Maiden EonL'e Baee: Bassanio, . Insolvent, Peganini, Sinking Fend, Slander, Taller. Maiden Steeplechase: Adsom, j Sulphur, Hope. Pride, XkvBshscJ, XctoricB?, Deerirer. Greed dls Bscs ; j Kefjytini, The Agent, Prcapfv Insolvent, 3 Boroosdara. Equity, Gteasnn, Netted, I SMttr. Grand Ktihakl Sleqkdicss; Hope; Adeum, Bryan OTijbb, Bride, Taooo. Selling Hurdle Race: Footman, Shooting Star, Irr&lee;, BaviA, Brimstone, Equity. Flat Esce : Mafanore, Stationer, Plato, Placable, Umbedo, Shtela, Precious Stone. All engagements: Blasawaj. 