GEOFFRY STIRLING BY MBS, LHITH ADAMS. PART HL—CHAPTER IX. f Concluded. I " Poor old fellow 1" she said, speaking as though she had ran along the passages and corridors, and lost her breath in the process. She did not look at Ralph. bat said (still seeming to have all her attention fixed upon Gay lad), "Did you want to speak to me, Master l^l-h?" . , , •" V^-, Liorsty. Come in and shut the door —ciose." As if Bhe didn't feel bad enough already, bat that her " boy" must call her by the dear old baby-name, and "overset her" worse tiian ever! She shut the door close, as he bade her, and' then raised her eyes to her master's face. What she saw there made her give a great gasp,.-/tad drove all txace of ruddy colour from her own. Ralph came close np to her, and laid his hand heavily upon her shoulder. That hand shook : so much, and lay so heavy on her, that' she shook with trie strain and the tremble of it. Was that her darling boy—her own dear " faster Ralph" who spoke m such a Btrange hoarse voice, and whose haggard, miserable eyes looked like—like his lather's in those last sad days of all ? "^Nursey, dear old "nursey, J. think my heart will break to-night." Then she knew alL Sue had been on the wrong track. She had fancied " that woman's" daughter—(thus disrespectfully and loathingly did Mrs. Prettyman designate Hester Devenant)—had been at the bottom of the mischief to-night. She had fancied herself summoned to her " boy's" presence to hear that a new mistress was coming to queen it at Dale End; nay—for was. not a man in love no better than a blind, besotted fool?—perhaps that Hester Devenant was to be taken out of her own natural sphere, and set on high among her betters. Now the faithful creature knew that a worse blight—a deeper sorrow had fallen npon the home that was Master Ralph's that night. "Do not look at me like that! Do not speak to me I" she cried, straining away from his hold, smiting her hands together in an «gony of pity and despair; " I cannot bear thy looks, nor thy words neither—oh, my . boy, my boy!—but I can find breath to curse them as cast this sorrow on thee, and I know where the curse must light" "You have no comfort to give me? Yoa dare not say to me that that mad woman's words are but the ravings of a disordered brain?" Only silence answered him. Only the poor helpless hands beating each other in a dumb ^Deli me what you know ?" Ralph's voice, manner, aspect, all had changed in an instant. Certainty brought strength and courage, where suspense had but weakened. Noise Prettyman started at the sound of that imperious behest, reflecting the very trick ana manner of the dead. Had she shut her eves she might have fancied it was her old master, Geoffrey Stirling, speaking. She thrust out her hand as though seeking some support. She staggered as shQ stood. , r fSit down," said Ralph, kindly, yet with the same air of imperative resolve. " Try to think and to speak calmly; it will be the bast help you can give me—the truest comfort." He took her by the hands, placed her in a chair, and then stood leaning against the mantelshelf to hear what she would say. The high narrow mirror that had once reflected Geoffrey Stirling's horrible Doppleganger— the fell presentment of a man stricken for death—now gave back the fine clear profile of Ids son, the bloodless marble features set in a stern resolve. Ofttames it is the actors, not the scenery, that changes in the strange drama that is called—life. • Ask me what you want to know." said Mrs. Pref *• - •-- - ' on heart' conna speak for't chokin' me." "You knew—dear old nursey, do not tremble so—that my father, my dear father, had—some trouble on his mind"?' "Aye, I knew 't, none better. 1 was comin* along the corridor one night—later then should iwve been, Master Ralph, for I'd dropped off i'_my chair over my knittin'— when a cold wind met me face to face, douted my caudle, and slammed a door, all in a minute, so that" I'd no breath left in me, and leant up agen the wall for a kind o' stay and comfort. There I stuck, starin' at the dark, as you may say j when all at once a glint o' moonshine come through the tall winder by the door, and out in the glimmer o't, I saw somethin, white creeping along secret-like, same as a|b3ggart at cockcrow. There'd bin some talk among Jeremy and the maids of a ghost bein' seen down by the big 'dendron-tree ; so I was fearsomelike, from hearin' their daft chatterin'. Well, I scrimpit mysen along to the winder, and there, out among the trees, I saw a man i' a long white frock an' wi' a mighty red beird and a wagoner's hat on him. He turned his head, this way and that, as he crep' along, and peeked In at the winder where I stood shakin'as he passed. His face was like a dead man's face ; his eyes blind-like; but for all that something came over me all of a moment, that it was—it was—oh, Master Ralph—say the rest yerssl'!" Ik "It was—my father" ^ "Aye, aye—none else. I guessed the door that slammed was the door above the steps—that door forenenst which the old dog lies now, as you see. I knew, all of a moment, that the master was walking in his sleep. I knew it might be death to wake him. This door was locked. I ran—how quick you'd scarce believe. Master Ralph, seein' I'm such a cumbersome kind of a shape—got through the far door into the bedroom, and BO behind the curtains of that window tliere, before the — thing — came round to the door that had slammed. It —he —fumbled a bit at the handle, got it open, came in (still going secret like), closed it behind him, drew the bolt as cunnin' as though he'd bin as wide awake as you or me this miserable night, and slithered himself into the next room, but left the door open behind him. By tins time the moon shone so bright I could see as well as if it had been day. i could hear, too. and this is what I heard him say ; ' The weary, weary way—all the weaiy way—with that burden on my back—gold that is not mine, gold that the devil keeps, to torture me.' And then—oh de'-r—my boy!—the sigh he gave was like to buret his poor aching heart." Here Nurse Prettyman paused. She would like to have seen her " boy's" face; she would like to have watched how Le bore the dreadful tilings she had to tell. But his face was hidden; his form was motionless; he made no si°a. " While I stared at him—as stare I might, and had good cause—he began taking off the great red beard, strip oi a' the wagoner's frock from off his shoulders, and laying them as orderly as anything in the big oak box that used to stand beside his bed, I heard a low kind of a rustle by the glass door, and you may reckon, stood still i my bress, wi' fear when I looked and saw a mad-like face pressed close agen the pane. It had a hood clippin' it round, and was gone like a shadow all in a minute as I looked, but I knew it for Hester Devenant's by the bad black eyes that glared like a cat's in the dark, aud what a wonder and amaze I fell into the dear Lord only snows. Still I'd little time to think of owt save the master, such a terrifieition was on me, lest he'd do himself a mischief. I slipped my shoes from my feet, stole to the door there, and watched what he'd be after next. He must have fallen asleep in his chair, for he'd all his clothes on, even to his coat, and it was the strangest thing to sec bow deft he were wi' 's hands, how he pul't the wagoner's frock off as handy as a woman, and folded it as neat as ninepence ; then he laid it i' the box, and put the hat, aud wi?, and beard a-top on't. I heard something jingle in the bottom of the box, but could not see what 'twas, for he closed it sharp. I can tell you ; and ' Sate,' says he—' safe, thank:God !' It shut with a spring, all in a minute, like; and then he turned him round, like as if to make sure none but himself was near, and laid him down on the bad just ckessedas he was with a bit of a sisrh like a tired child. I waited a while, douted a candle that was Sarin' and spittin' in the socket, took a look at his quiet face—quiet, indeed, for the eves were fast closed and he breathed soft and easy—aud crep' away to bed, but not to Bleep, Master Ralph—not to aleep." " No, my poor old nureey—no. That was a sjfnisht's work for you, dear." His very voice, his very ways. -- Oh, my dear old matter!" cried Mrs. Prettyman at this, and the fountain of her tears broke foiLn abundantly. I "Hash!" said Ralph, tenderly; "yon must not weep like that yet. There is so much to do, so much to hear. Tell me more still; tell me of the night he died." •• P 10 f °lowJng letter baa Just reached us I— air—I lun a brahman. Those last three year- I n-va hs^a rambling about, riding, sleeping out on a a 5 ^ered all hardships of rouijh life. JLfhacd tones show up true friends I Indeed found J '. a^hrr2 a6 of E - Kraehenbuhl's. of King wi™ A f"?. 1 - n 1,118 P^TOi mort reliable ; neither KStaVS,' ^hWet . n dns ?f t ' ^ effect on it. to my leUow- bushmen —Trust in E. Kraeu^.jiihl a Watches; avoid the travelling and Bhoutmz Chaap Jacks. The Jewellery alse bought from him gave great aatlsfcstlon -I am iMRLraa 88Uuo 