? . ' ' JNT 0 t e;s -6 t'-ftii-M WE extract from the Argus Vtie following additional information regarding the opinibn of Dr. J. Parker Deane,* Chancellor of the Archdiocese of Canterbury; and' of Mefesrs.1 Arthur Charles' arid F. H, Jeune, on the lawfulness bf; the -late; interchange '.of- pulpits between the Rev. Canon Bromby and the Eev. Charles Strong:— 'The case upon which the learned gentlemen- were requested; to fgive -.judgment was a very elaborate' document, representing ? both, sides, of the contention, the Bishop of Melbourne stating his argumentarat great length, and exhausting the subject from the remotest authorities to the latest legislation on Church igovernment.- When ; the' case .was received in London it was forwarded. tQ. each . of the gentlemqn named for their separate. consideration; and when they/met it waa;found that they were unanimous in ,-- the; finding/ : afterwards formiilated.,. as follows :-^'* We are of opinion- that the; responsibility (of greyeiitiiag persons not ordained from preachin g. rests primarily on the incumbent and the churchwardens ofchtirches,.andthata person'not so qu?iljined ought not to' apply to a Bishop for a license, and that, it should not be granted to him if he do so :. apply.— rJ. Paekbr Dbane, AEXH'qR Chaeles, F; H. Jeune.. Temple, 9th February, 1884.' Pr..p^anp, In ; a ' letter ? to the Bishop, intimated: that he .regretted exceedjngiy that: he and his colleagues were compelled to; give that decision., ,1'he Bishop likewise is disappointed at the: result. Hefeels that had the question been decided upon the istatute law his. action would /have been upheld, but as the decisions in the. Ecclesiastical. Courts, and. in the Privy Council, which were not regarded by him, weighed w,itb. the counsel from whom the opinion was sought, an ad verse, judgment was given. Under the circumstances he will feel obliged to refuse his sanction to any future proposals to allow a Nonconformist clergy mnn tn nrpn.r-li at a fihnrp.1i nf TCncrln.nd Sfirvififi. It has been SUPffested that the General Assembly of the Church in Victoria might pass ;. an Act empowering the Bishop to permit such a practice, but that pro posal opens up a, very large question. The Act of the old Legislative Council, passed in 1854, for regulating ' the affairs of the United Church of England and Ireland in Victoria, contains the following provision : — 'And no regulation, Act, or resolution made or passed at any Assembly shall be valid which shall alter or be at variance with the authorised standards of faith and doctrine of the United Church of England and Ireland, or shall alter the baths, declarations, and subscriptions now by law or canon required to be taken, made, and subscribed by persons to be consecrated, ordained, instituted,' or licensed within the said Church.' Should any proposal be made in the General Assembly such as has been indicated, the Bishop will at once seek legal advice as to whether or not the section quoted would be contravened by it. He has but little doubt that the proposal would be held to be ultra vires. The only constitutional way out of the difficulty would be a rather stupendous undertaking. It is that the General Synod of Australia and Tasmania should be asked to pass a resolution in favour of Bishops being allowed to permit Non conformist clergymen to preach in churches of England. If stick; a motion were carried it would have to be submitted to the Convoca tions of York and Canterbury, and, if approved by them, a bill giving effect to the proposal would have to be passed by the Imperial Legis lature. It may subsequently be a question to be considered by the Liberal party in the Church here whether or not the first of these steps should be taken. A fear has been expressed in some quarters that the « opinion' will interfere with the operations of the Church of England and Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society, the object of which is to enable the Churches named to conduct services in scat tered districts ; but it has been pointed out that that organisation will not be affected. The society exists for the purpose, among other things, of giving the use of churches of England for Presbyterian Ohurch services, and vice vei'sd. The ' opinion' only deals with a Nonconformist preaching at a service of the Church of England, and, therefore^ the usefulness of the society will not be impaired.' TTN' connection with the 'opinion' re the Interchange of Pulpits JL between the clergy and ministers of other denominations, published in our last issue, the following English 'case' and 11 opinion' will no doubt be of considerable interest to our readers. It will be noticed that Mr. Arthur Charles, Q.C., who gives the ' opinion,' is one of the Counsel to whom the case on the interchange of pulpits was submitted by the Bishop of Melbourne :— 'We are instructed to obtain Counsel's opinion on the following question, viz.: — ' Whether the Book of Common Prayer, as in use in the Ohurch of England, or any statute, rule, order, 'matter, or thing, legally pro hibits a layman, at the request of the officiating minister and with the consent of the Bishop, from officiating wholly or in part in the Church service (including the Litany, but not including the Absolu tion or any part of the Office of the Holy Communion or preaching), in a consecrated building ? 'We should state that our client desires to publish Counsel's opinion. ' Counsel is requested to advise, in answer to the above question, and if he should answer it in the affirmative, he will please state what it is that does prevent a layman from so officiating. '26th February, 1884.' Mr. Charles's opinion is as follows :— ' Whilst I think that, having regard to the Twenty-third Article of Eeligion, the canons of 1604, and the Preface to the Form of Making, Ordaining, and Consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, laymen cannot lawfnlly publicly preach or minister the sacraments, I am of opinion that they may lawfully, in a consecrated building, say the Litany or any other part of Morning or Evening Prayer which is not expressly directed to be said by a priest, provided they are authorised so to do by the Incumbent and Bishop. It is true that the word ' minister' undoubtedly means ordained minister (Kempe Wicks, 3 ; Phillimore, 276 ; Escottv. Martin, 4 Moore P.O., 104 ; 2 Cnrteis, 692), and that the rubrics in many instances expressly direct that the ' minister' shall say this or that particular portion of the service, but these rubrics are, in my opinion, directory only, and do not exclude properly authorised laymen from saying such portions, as well as those portions where . there is no expreBB rubrical direction. ' Arthur Charles. ' Temple, 27th February, 1884.' FllHE Warden of Trinity College (Mr. A. Leeper)has gone home on JL a year's leave to England. The Rev. Digby March Berry, M.A., formerly Demy of Magdalen College, Oxford, and Ellerton Theological Scholar, has been appointed acting-warden in his absence. Before leaving the colony Mr. Leeper received from Sir William Stawell the following letter, accompanied by a gift of £100 :— ' My dear Warden — Some friends of yours, who have been very much pleased with the Latin play, feel that you ought not to be allowed to bear the burden of its expense. We ask you to accept the accompanying gift. Will you allow us to take this opportunity to congratulate you, not only on the artistic and scholarly perform ance, but upon your really brilliant success at Trinity College 1 We consider the establishment of the college system, in our University chiefly due to your efforts. We wish you a pleasant journey and a happy time during your absence from the colony. We should be very pleased if our little gift may enable you to extend your travels or to purchase what you would otherwise forego. — Yours faithfully, William F. Stawell. April 21st.' The Argus states that the friends alluded to are Sir William Sfcawell, the Bishop of Melbourne, Sir W. J. Clarke, the Hon. W. E. Stanbridge, Sir George Verdon, Mr. F. G. Smith, Mr. Gowen Evans, the Master in Equity, Professor Morris, and two others who do not wish their names to appear. fpHE secretary of the Girls' Friendly Society wishes us to publish, JL for the benefit of those interested in the society, the following particulars as to its growth, &c.;:— Since the annual meeting, held 28th November, 1883, the ordinary branch at Ballarat has been formed into a diocesan branch, with its own president, office . bearers, and council. A library has been founded at Ballarat for the use of members, whose numbers are largely on the increase. New branches have also been formed at Alexandra, Eaglehawk, Dandenong, Christ Church, St. Kilda, South St. Kilda, and St. Saviour's, Collingwood, and one or two more are now being formed. The number of honorary associates is now 101, of working associates 161, and of members over 1000. fPHE Tasmanian Church News has the following remarks upon the JL resignation of Dean Bromby:— 'That there is, on the part of the congregation to whom the Dean has so long and so faithfully ministered, a deep feeling of respect and affection for him is beyond all doubt. Fidelity in the ministry has its heavy burdens and deep trials, seldom, if ever, mentioned, but it brings with it rich rewards, and one of them is the sympathy and attachment of the congregation. We should not hide the fact that differences, touching matters of ritual, have occurred from time to time between the Dean and some members of his congregation, causing both him and them much sorrow and disappointment. Whatever opinion may be held as to whether there were or were not just and reasonable grounds for these differences, all will bear willing and hearty testimony to the large amount of valuable, work done by the Dean for the parish of which he has so long been incumbent. The like testimony, too, will be borne to his willingness at all times to do all he could to help forward every movement calculated in his opinion to promote the welfare of the community. We have always thought that to his judgment, tact, and earnest zeal we owe, in a very large measure, the erection, so far, of the Cathedral, soon, we trust, to be finished. So, too, the erection of the Synod Hall, which would be an ornament to any diocese in the colonies. Nor should it be overlooked, or left unmentioned, that the large sum of money now in hand for building a mission chapel in St. David's parish was obtained, to a very large extent, through the influence of the Dean. Before his appointment to the Cathedral parish, the Dean was incumbent of St. John's, Hobart. Soon after taking charge of this parish he gathered around him a large congregation, carrying on the good work done by his able and zealous predecessor, Eev. F. H. Cox, and originating new and additional agencies for the good of the people committed to^his care. During the long period he has had charge of St. David's parish he has had a large congregation. In our opinion, and, we believe, in his own, we should overlook the most important part of the work done by him in this parish if we referred only to that whose outward and visible evidences we have already mentioned. As an able, earnest, and attractive preacher ; in preparing, with so much loving solicitude and prayerful diligence, large classes of young people year after year for the rite of confirmation ; in his 'work in the Sunday-schools of the parish ; and in his faithful ministrations to the sick and the dying, he has done a large amount of good not to be traced, and which will survive time, ana never be fully known in this life.' - nniHE Queensland Guardian has the following comments on the _i_ action of the Bishop of Sydney in taking the oath to the Archbishop of Canterbury :— ' We have to presume that the Arch bishop considered that he had some legal authority to. accept the obedience which the Bishop of Sydney promised to him. Whence was that derivable? What is the proposed extent of its exercise ? and how is it to be enforced 1 Certainly we have the common consent of the superior courts in England that any ecclesiastical jurisdiction in colonies having representative institutions, and where the Church i&. unconnected with the State, must derive its force from the consent of the body corporate of the Church itself. The Queen's license has no force here : how can it bind us, simply because issued in London, supposing that to have been done ? And again, where is the authority to the Bishop of Sydney to admit the metropolitan power of the Archbishop to be found ? We believe that no snch power exists, either in form or by implication. With the highest and most unfeigned respect for Dr. Barry, we are compelled to think that there has been a mistake somewhere. There is a good deal that may be termed chaotic in the state of the Episcopal Church in Australia ; and no time should be lost in collecting the material for reducing it to order ; the longer it is left in that condition the more the spirit of divergence will spread. And without doubt while so undesirable a state of things continues the real nature of Australian metropolitanism is as un intelligible as the right to it is doubtful ; while canonical obedience to the Archbishop of Canterbury is one of those phantasms, which not only no one can grasp, but which no definite reason can be assigned for desiring that it should ever assume a substantial form, or become a vital reality.' SOME difficulties having arisen in the way of the publication at the date we had announced of the specimen number of a weekly issue of this paper, it is now unlikely that any steps will.be taken in the direction of the proposed change before the commencement of next year. AT the annual meeting of the Old Boys' Society of the Church of England Grammar School, Professor Elkington in the chair, the report, read by Mr. F. J. Sincock, stated that 450 ' old boys' had enrolled themselves as members ; that silver cups had been presented to the Grammar School crew for winning the Public Schools' boat race ; that two social meetings had been held ; that the ' old boys' ' prize (£5) for mathematics had been won by E. Champion. Mr. O. S. Hammond was elected hon. secretary for the year ; Messrs. Hamilton, Fink, Pirani, Pleasance, Topp, and Bromby, members of committee. It was unanimously agreed that a letter should be sent to Canon Bromby expressing the' condolence of the society on the death of Mr. .Robert Bromby. TT is announced in th e daily press that a permanent exchange of JL livings has been arranged between the Rev. John Caton, of St. Phillip's, Collingwood, and the Rev. W. W. Mantell, of St. Thomas', Essendon. FT! HE name of Canon Dickinson was omitted, through inadvertence, ? JL from our list of the clergymen who met the Bishop of Sydney on his arrival in Hobson's Bay. AT the last large meeting held in February by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7 Adelphi-terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said : — ' Take, as.a pro minent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The sup posed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven ; the Dèvas acknowledging his supremacy ; the pre sentation in the temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet ; the temptation by Mara — which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as ' Conceived by the Holy Ghost,' 'Born of the Virgin Maya,' ' Song of the heavenly host,' ' Presentation in the temple and temptation in the wilderness' — none of these is found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliver ance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellish ments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat- Gita, a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper set ting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet, and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the Maha-Bharata; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanc tion to the Bhagavat- Gita. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ?' Several home and colonial applications to join the institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible, a discussion ensued, in which Mr. Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the question during twenty-five years' residence in Geylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others, took part, all agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. WE are requested to state that the authorities of the Girls' Reformatory, Coburg, are desirous of employing the inmates to a greater extent than hitherto in laundry work, and having appointed an attendant of special experience, and otherwise increased the resources of the school for its satisfactory execution, are intimat ing by advertisement their wish to undertake the washing of families or schools. We have been requested to call the attention of persons interested in reformatory work to this matter ; and to state that price lists and other information will be at once forwarded to persons desiring it on application to the matron, Coburg. 