SPORTING NOTES RACES TO COME. MOUNT GAMBISR WINTER Mainpo-July 9 and 10. Nominations, June 9. Weights, June 18. Accept ances, July 8. Night of general entry, July 8. Despite the: unpleasant nature of tlie weather on Saturday last, there - was a moderately large attendance at the April meeting: of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club. The raciDg throughout was well contested, but unfortunately the jumping contests re sulted in two serious accidents, Scobie, the rider of Vanguard, having his collar-bone broken, through hie horse falling with him at the second hurdle from home, and Malone, who steered Stampede received a heavy fall in th» Steeplechase. Proceedings commenced with the Selling Race, which eventuated in an easy win for Tulta, a son of Ladykirk, who took the lead at the start, and was never approached. The favourite. Queen ; Bess, was second, and Lalla Hook third. The Hurdle Race attracted nine competitors, favour being divided between "lately and Vanguard. Berwick cut out the running at the start, but came down at the. hurdle on the lull, causing his rider to revolve several times in the air before reaching the ground ; hapijily, however, notwithstanding the re markable.nature of the fall, the jockey was not 'seriously hurt by the mishap. After this contretemps Dawdler went to the ^ c Batty made a judicious effort on lately, at the turn, where Vanguard fell when holding a central position, and catching tne leaders as the straight was gained, won very easily from Brenda. Meander was the chosen one for the UleD Huntly Handicap, but though the recent. Tasmanian representative made the . running to the distance, he suc cumbed to Merrijig, by ^ King p0*6 fF°T Phizgig, who won cleverly at the nnisn, .Lesbia-was- third. Nine hordes saddled up for the Steeplechase, Chrysalis being a slightly better favorite than- Noorong sua Lisette. The first-named tooMhe lead at the start, and though' she struck heavily at the sod wall, she * maintained her position until entering tlie straight, where,-Bhe was passed by Blackthorn, who won comfortably -by three -lengthB. Stampede fell heavily at the Bod wall, and rolled ? over his rider, Malone, who was picked up in an insensible condition and taken to the hospital. The meeting terminated with the Armadale Handicap, which attracted a field of twenty one horses, and was won by the favorite Meander-with The Ghost second, and Oast? away third. . . ~ Beach refused all overtures to row Hanlan oil the Nepean Biver. His obstinacy is in explicable, as it is said he would have re ceived J8700 for his work whether he won or lost. Trickett has left Sydney to.take up his abode in Brisbane, where a tempting billet has been provided for him, so that it haB been decided that Laycock shall row Hanlan. The Shark Islander has already left for the Nepean to go into hard work for the-,chamr pion match Bgainst Hanlan. _ _f f.i At a meeting of the Committee of the Cas terton BaciDg Club, held on Friday last at Grant's Hotel (says the News), the chief business was the passing of accounts in con nection with the recent race meeting. Accounts were ordered to be paid amounting td £114 ; the rough statement of finances, as read by the treasurer, Mr. Beckett, showed a net' profit on the late meeting of £40. As, however, a sum of upwardB of £60, spent on permanent improvements, such as the im provement of the running tiack, publioans booth, fencing, ami the purchase of garden seats for the lawn, was charged to the meeting, its proceeds were actually about *90. The Club has now a credit balance of over ^8100, all liabilities to date having been liquidated. This - satisfactory position of the Club s finances reflect the utmost credit on the 'executive,- inasmuch as it lias been achieved by ft combination of skilful management and systematic study of the interests of true sport. t. The annual winter meeting of the Warrn ambool\Racing Club was commenced on Tuesday last. . The Weather was tine and the attendance large. Business opened with the Autumn Stakes, another name for a Maiden Plate. - The large field of sixteen started for It. Stafford proved the winner, with Shep herdess and Tell Tale in the places. Eleven started/tor the J anior Steeplechase,T)ut^the country was too difficult for most'of the competitors, the result being that only two, Gilderoy and Banyenong, went the course without accident, and. they finished first and second. Sundt>wiier Was made i strong; favo rite^ for the Hurdlerace, but' the 'issue' lay 'between Sir Patrick and Fugitive, the former getting home - first; by;- tr ^neok. Skipper showed a clean pair, of heels to ten opponents in the Flying Stakes, for jumping away at "Bcorefhe was never reached and won easily. Ace and "tittle "John were next to him. The ancient,-Devlin," at? a .difference-, of a-.stone, managed to beat Greyfiah by a neck in the 'Selling Hurdlerace, and brought tETTTrst day's sport to a close. Oh the following day the Amateur Turf Club held its meeting. The Plate fell to Douglas, After Dark and Slander filling the places. The Hurdlerace was reduced to a match between Fugitive and Farlight, but the latter falling left his opponent to canter in alone. Stafford won the Bracelet, valuo 50 sovs., and Trent a second bracelet worth half that sum. ;The Veteratf Stakes was won by Argus Girl, with Wando and Gilderoy in the places. The Visitors' Trophy was carried off by Stafford, Denmark and Barley Bree gaining the situations. Tell Tale got home first in the Flying Stakes, Highlander getting second and Thirza third. Peacock collided with a post and threw his rider, Mr. R. Cbirnside, wbose leg was fraotured. The prospects of the cricket season are (writes the Home News), in some respects, progressing, satisfactorily. A long and ex tremely interesting programme has been made; our, cricket grounds have been favored by a very mild and open winter; the laws of the game are on the eve of being brought into accord with modern play, and a serious and sustained effort is apparently to be made to abolish unfair bowling. Besides this, the visiting Elevens from Australia and America have determined to be in sufficient time before the opening matches to enable them to get plenty of good practice and to accustom themselves to English grounds and'English light, while they are working dnto form. But the unsatisfactory symptom iB,-in the opinion of the Standard, r the. total, absence of any attempt to train a representative English Eleven to play "together, , so as. to' be able to meet the Australians on even 'terms. Cricket is no longer a pastime, in which gen tlemen and professionals engage; it has become* a serious <. matter.-; .A] reference to the discreditable defeat of the picked Eleven of England, at the Oval in 1882, will convince any lover of sport of what our humiliation would be Bhould Australia inflict upon'us a repetition of the disaster of two years ago. And yet we are taking abso lutely no means to avert such a catastrophe. We have an ample supply of splendid bats men and fieldsmen, and our bowling, even if it lack the precision and break of the Australians, is yet good and varied. Man for man, our best eleven is, no doubt, fully equal to the invaders ; but unless some steps are taken-even at the cost of weakening a few county matches - to organise our strength, we shall put into the field a team nnused to playing together, and collectively: weaker than elevens whose paper strength would be far inferior. It is in view of these considerations, and of the unity and discip line of the Australian team, that we urge upon the leaders of the cricket community to saciifice for once the interests of county to the interests of country, and to do some thing at least to secure us from the serious risk of putting into the field a scratch team when the first of the three England v. Aus tralia matches commences-at Manchester on luly 10. The return match between the Warrnam bool aud Adelaide Polo clubs was played at Warrnambool on Monday. The weather was fine, and a large crowd assembled to witness the play.. It was evident from the) first that the visiting team had the best of it, being much better mounted in most cases than Warrnambool. The visitors won by nine goals to three. Mr. H. W. St. Quintin, who is laid by from an accident experienced when playing with Colac, was very much missed by Warrnambool. The game oh both Bides was gallantly sustained, the visiting team playing with greater judgment than their opponents. Mr. J. L. Stirling, the captain of the Adelaide team, had a fall early in the game, but sustained no injury. Mr. J. G. Ware collided at the knee with an Adelaide player, and was thrown. He retired for half-an hour, and one of the Adelaide mtn also dropped out for that interval. This . made very little difference in the game, as no gold was struck during the time the teams were reduced in number. CORPORATION POUND. - Impounded - One black pony horse, hollow back, star on fore head, two hind feet white, like MR with 7 under, near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold May 12, 1884.-JOSEPH TRUMAN, Pound keeper. 