EHOAES OF MELBOURN.E. (BY THE GHOST.) It would perhaps not be quite correct to say that the two days which constituted the present Parliamentary week have been wasted, albeit they have been consumed in talk. The end, it is:said, crowns thie work, and the pasesing of, the annexation and federation, resolutions tabled by Mr. service will certainly mark a olt unimplortant epoch in Victorian hlstory. Oonaidering its importance, the question wasl nolved without a very undue amnount of loquacity and the House may fairly be congratulated all round ,on the manner in which the debate was conducted. Mr. ilirams, it is true, was oven more prosy aned prolix than is his wont; Mrr. Wrixon a trifle more inconsoa quentinl than usual ; and the tag-rag and bob tail of the Assombly. evidently duly impressed with the solemnity of the ocensian, rather more dreary than is their habit in the onunciation of tihe platitudes they deemed it incumbent on them to inflict on their fellow- members. But dospite those little drawbacks, the sjeeohes delvoerodwere far above thle average Parlia mentary orations, and the proceedings cal oulated to show that the people's re presentatives can, when it so suits hem, rise to the height of the situation. One peculiar feature of the debate was the silenceo of the M[inisters. Only two members of the Government, the Premier and the Chief Secretary, nddressed themselves to the subject, and had not Mr. Berry felt it due to his pro sent position to reply to the taunts launched at lim by his quondam ally and Fidlns Achaties the gallant l?ajor who represents Ballarat, reproaching him with having, for the sake of ofilco abandoned his principles and his pearty, in all probability the oration of lIr. Service would lave been the only one delivered from the Trea sury benches. Poor M?jor Smith ! Less wise in his generation than his late chief, he feels a large amount of difficulty in adapting himself to circumstances. True, it is not quite so easy to become reconciledl to taking things as they are, when "starving on thenorth wall of oppo sition," as it is when comfortably ensconood on the soft green nelhions on the Speaker's right hand. This is decidedly one of the Instances in which circumstances alter cases. Orestes and Pylades, Damon and Pythias, and o'en the Siamese twins themselves, might have had .their friendship severely tested by one of the pair being relegated to oblivion while the other hasked in the full sunshine of rpopular favour. That man in the political world is truly wise who se6s! the storm ooming and trims his sails accordingly.This wisdom the presentChief Secre tary has on more than one occasion shown. Mr. Borry is evidently deeply embued with the truth of the maxim of the celebrated Cardinal do Retz. who affirmed It faut souvent changer pour si re de asn parti, which axiom may be translated (in the colonies) as meaning that if a man desires office he must be always ready to turn his boat, and be either a Constitutionalist or a Liberal as his own interest dictates. As an earnest of the importance the Ministry attach to the annexation and federation resolt tions independently of keeping the As. sembly until 5"30 a.m. to pass them, the re presentative of the Government has given notioe of his Intention at the earliest possible moment to ask the Council to concur in them. The compliment is somewhat of an empty one, the aoquiescenco of the rcpresentatives of property being only required as a matter of form. In these antipodean regions it is the proud privilege of the constituents of the Lower House to direct in what way all moneys shall be raised and ex pended, the Upper Chamber and others being graciously permitted to pay the money wanted for State purposes. Perhaps it was in order to creoat no jealous feelings that Mr. Service pro mised to guarantee the £15,000 required by Lord Derby, without consultill either branhob of the Legislature. The only episode of the federation debate over which it may he desirable to draw the veil is the way in which the passing of the resolutions proposed by Bfr. Service was unnecessarily .delayed. Mr. Graves, the late Commissioner of Customs, is, perhaps, with lMajor-or to give that honourable and gallant. member his full title, Colonel-Smith the one member of the Assembly who is most unhappy when not in office. Heo does not afford the edifying spec taole of a good man battling serenely with adversity. Unable to prevent the inevitable, he does .his best to postpone it. However, Friday morning's "stonewalling" is likely to prove of service, "It will eventuate in a resolu tion being passed rendering a repotition of the tactics of Messrs. Graves, Gaunson, Bent, and Co. impossible in the futur. ;e. SIt i recorded of one of Soatland's heroes that, lying in a darksome dungeop after having for some dozen times boeen ofeated, he was tempted again to renew efforts, by the example of t spider, which, foiled twelve times: in its endeavour to affix one of the supports of its web to a projecting beam, succeeded after a thirteenth trial. The prerent Ministry are evidently desirous of emulating this industrious arachnoid, if rot, indeed, of surpassiog it. Twenty-six bills for legalising mining on private property have, at various times, been submitted to the Legislaturo, with no result. The twepty-seventh is now before the Council, Let us hope it will meet with better success than its predecessors. We are told by one poet that " a rose by any other name would smell as sweet," and another has propounded tho question, " What's in a nameo?" So with the. present mysterious malady too surely in our midst, and which yet puzzles our most experienced medioos. Call-it small-pox, or chicken-pox, tile facot remains that there is at present in Melbourno an epi domic disease, having all the characteristics of variola and varialla, highly contagious, infec tious, and dangerous, and while dootors are differing the plague is spreading. Some.stoutly aver that the disease is true small-pox ; others, that if small- pox, in a modihed form; others, that it is simply obhicken-pox of a virulent typo: while a fourth section of the medical paternity favour the opinion that the disease is one which Victoria has specially developed. Surely this latter hypothesis must be a libel ontho colony and its climate. We did, once upon a time, it is true, develop an indigenous malady, known as "the Berry blight." But this only affected the body politic, and has long since been stamped out. That is no reason, however, why we should lie under the stigma of having given the world another dis gusting form of doseose. Native industry may be carried too far. The civic authorities of.the city of Mel bourne are in a high state of dudgeon. At the levee held on July let, when the order of precedence Nas given,tho pas was given to the militia offieors,and in consequence the lMayor, Aldermon, and Councillors were eonspicuous by their absence. The ceremony, minus Mr. Fitzgibbon, the Town Clerk, in his robos of o1fice, was indeed shorn of half its splendour, and but for the lMinisters, who appeared in their Windsor uniforms, would have boon but a sorry pageant. Why the place of honour was claimed by the municipal magnates has not boon stated, and is therefore onlyamatter of surmiso.Anong the manyeuppositionsithas booeen hinted that the Councillors, who'for the greater part hail from the Emerald Isle; are of opinion that having been raised to their exalted position by the voice of the sovereign people their rank isoonsiderablyhighorthanthat of any soldior- offioere,depending for their statue on the will of " a foreign despot." Boe this as it may, btweeoon the civic and military offilloors a groat gulf has been fixed, and there is a rumour that at the fast approaching Mayoral ball the Queen's colonial defenders will not ho among the invited guests. Mr. Peter Campbell, who has in his time played many parts. buit who is better known in Victoria as the " bush missionary ":than in any other capacity, has boon fortunate in his latest venture. He has brought into pleasant juxtaposition the law and tihe profits. His verdict for £250, gained in an action for dorfa motion of character brought against the Rov. John Watson. editor of the Victorian Banner, has boon uphold before the Sunrome Court in Banco. The lesson there taught should nothe lost on some other of the clerical scribes on the elbourno Press,. who make up for the weakness of their arginlonts by the strength of their language and the pungency of their metaphors. Wihatever measures of self-dofencethe older members of the Victorian community may be disposed to adopt are, in all likelihood, destined to .eo improved upon by thea rising genoration. During the week ourmectropolitan Poliee Courts records show thatayouth,twolve years of ago,rojoicing in the name of Cooking. whose mother had occasion to chastisd him for some juvenile delinquency, took out a sum mons eagainst his maternal parent, charging her with assaullt and seeking to have her holind over in substantial securities " to keep the peace.towards the complainant and all her fatjosty'a subjects." Advanco,young Austra, The continued success of "She Stoops to Conquer,"presented at tile Princess Theatre by the Mario do Gray Comedy Troupe, shows that Meolhourno audiences are not entirely given over to the sensational drama and can appreciate the masterpiocos of the English stage when properly presented."Tho Planter's Wife" has boon withdrawn at the Royal 'after a week's run; and the last appearanoes of Miss Jlffroys Lewis are announced. The Bijou is still largely patronised, liss Emolio Meolvillo's Opera Bouffo Company corming in for a large share of favour. At the Opera House the osensea tioneal drama-in name at least-" The -Out cacts, or Dead in the Snow," has been a mode rate failure: while -at the Victoria Hall Messrs, Warner and Dark, of the' Merry Thoughts Company,. are drawing i good hoROses. July 5. ' 