CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYDNEY SYNOD.', I TO THE EDITOR OF THIS HERALD. Sir,-Having read in your issue of 20th ultimo " the main portion of the report of the standing committee to be presented to the synod," I trust you will permit an ox synod member to point out other matters for consideration which are of great importance to a very large portion of the community. Now that our Episcopalian Church has obtained a primate, let us hope there will be a new order of things and indeed, considering the liberal action already taken by our eminent Primate, we may well augur something like Church reform. 'J but it is sorely needed we have only to refer to our veritable stumbling block, and no other than the Church Act. Probably, like Uenomi- . national schools, it has done good service ; but it is presumed very few chtirejiintn will deny that its day is past. If the attention of synod were given to only three object fioiiH, sufficient reasons i au be shown that the Art should be repealed. First, then, it implies in clause 9 that only three churchwardens should be elected ; but it has been found that there are not enough, no that the powers that be actually step outside the Act and elect three or four extra chinuliwiiideiiH, and term them sidesmen. Now, a sidesmen if not a supernumerary is iinondosotlpt, and legally without locus admired. In all Acts of the Apostles chapter 6, verse 3, we read "Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honor report, full of the Holy (Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business." Yes, cover is the Bible number, let me make it the legal number with equal powers ! The next objection I point out is in clause 12 : " At the vestry meeting for election of church wardens on Easter Tuesday in each year, the churchwardens of the year preceding shall exhibit their accounts." Well, by an act of grace, not legally, on the part of the churchwardens, copies of the iicooutitH are printed and placed in the church after the meeting, and altar interest senses. As accounts of public companies are printed and circulated prior to their meetings, so that shareholders can deliberate proceedings, approve or disapprove, and also possibly suggest alterations, surely in church matters, to increase vitality therein, the same on certainly is desirable. I pass on to (objection three; and when I refer to " pew rents,'' tim Art is so saturated with them that it is difficult to nuclei sinnet what connection a Church of England without new lessons have with the Church Act of 6th September, 1887\. Forty-seven years having elapsed, I trust, synod will see the necessary or initiating an Act which will have something like the force of law, and one that can be observed with benefit to our Church, in the broad spirit of our Primate, let us have an Act with the alternative of rented pous, or all three seats, according to the wishes of the majority of each congregation ; but let us recollect that; even with all free minis, allotment can be effectively carried out, and to the extent of putting women upon the pows. Perhaps the absurdity of r< taming the Church Act lies mainly in it having been founded on state aid, now very properly fast disappearing from view. Having shown that the Church Act is to inapplicable to our existing organ. . BrancH, let me ask Synod to take steps to repeal it with the least possible delay, Another imitator. While some of the lay members of our synod are the very backbone of religious Instruction in Public Schools, I think it is apparent that a large majority of the laity in synod do not see the slightest necessity to make use of the hour allowed by the Public Schools Act for special religious instruction, su out of 101 representatives, only of) last year contributed menus thereto. We are said to have 140,000 (inclusive of children) members of our Church in the diocese of Sydney. How can we expectant-, versal interest taken in religious instruction to the young,' If all the synod members will not put their hands into their pockets Y ' It seems to me we should compile a Church IJIroetory, and the clergy form auxiliary committees, to effect personal application to all the adult members of our Church for religious and when the young in our Public' i I am, so, Eliziilioth Bay, July 3. U S. S. BOND. 