NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." 'Ouse opened. Election speeches. Nothing slaughtered yet. Is the Exhibition doomed? Montmorency and Podgers. Taxation Bill gone to Council. Where is the want of confidence? Ward posing as the farmers' friend. Only one more line on the Estimates agreed to. This is the season for fires in our pretty hills. Sad drowning case reported near Cape Jervis. Mr. Carr does not believe in experimental farms. Sir Julius Vogel is to return to New Zealand. Mr. Bray always looks anxious when Mr. Ward rises. A motor will soon draw holiday-makers to Port Elliot. Vanderbilt is said to have a fortune of 200,000,000 dollars. Boilermakers and employers likely to fall out at Port Adelaide. Shipment of £100,000 in sovereigns coming by Sorata to Australia. Attorney-General satisfied no difficulty about Council election. Corporal Tomkinson can't give up his pets —discharged prisoners. There is seemingly a growing feeling against our Jubilee Exhibition. Discussion in Council rather unfavorable to Oaths Abolition Bill. There was a great struggle to catch the Speaker's eye yesterday. Marshall's newly formed choral society pro- mises to be a big success. Hudson's Marionettes in the pantomime "Beauty and the Beast." Treat for the little ones. Tommy Hudson's Marionettes on Tuesday. In 1883 12,740 summonses were issued at the Adelaide Local Court. Motion respecting federal council in Legislative Council to-day. Last week the arrivals at Port Adelaide by sea exceeded the departures by 43. High gambling in the fashionable clubs of London and the police nonplussed. Parliamentary messenger rather astonished by concrete flying through window. The Kapunda paper states that Mr. Dixson will not contest the district of Light. Archibald Forbes says that Barnum got his white elephant through his offices. New issue of Mr. Bull's "Early Recollec- tions" with additions has been printed. Mr. Howe won't sit behind the Treasury benches because Mr. Fraser is so noisy. Victorian hopgrowers want to prevent the use of drugs in the manufacture of beer. How tenderly members regard their con- stituents towards the close of Parliament. Calcutta Exhibition so great a success that it will be kept open longer than first intended. The bridge built for the Vanderbilt rail- ways across the Niagara River cost £159,000. Still another model invented for the purpose of getting over the break-of- guage difficulty. Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P., requires leave of absence from Parliament owing to ill- health. Be sure and attend the Chamber of Manu- fures on Friday to hear the gossip about the bee. The Crown Princes of Germany and Italy are chummy. They use English in conver- sation. Mr. Wisdom, having seen the error of his ways, has had the wisdom to apologise in Sydney. Transformation scene at Port railway sta- tion during the wee sma' hours on Monday morning. When in the bush suffering from thirst warm a piece of horseflesh and suck the gravy therefrom. Mr. Herz, conductor of the Melbourne Liedertafel, is the guest of Sir William Robinson. Mr. Keening smiles graciously and con- descendingly when trying to catch the Speaker's eye. This afternoon Mr. Ramsay will witch the Council with noble oratory on the annexa- tion question. Probable members of new Ministry:— Bosworth, Coglin, Hardy, Landseer, Moyle, and Pickering. Is Parliament going to make the colony a laughing stock by refusing to vote funds for the Exhibition? Those sunsets still give rise to all kinds of theories. The heavens have been blushing at our ignorance. Mr. Landseer still cannot believe "for the life of him." These are the men heroes and martyrs are made of. Amongst the papers left by the late General Skobeloff was a "plan for the invasion of India," drawn up in 1879. Princess Christian is translating the "Memoirs of Princess Alice" with the assis- tance of Sir Theodore Martin. The little squabble between Belt and Lawes in England has resulted in costs to each side of about £11,000. Cheap law! Mr. Rounsevell thinks it better that the world should laugh at us for not holding an exhibition than that we should weep. Mr. Symon says one way or another suitors are always satisfied. They either get a re- ward or a warning. Generally a warning. The Attorney-General always has a genial smile when his chief is speaking, and the chief listens with rapt attention to the Attorney. The Treasurer's child, the Exhibition Bill, was, according to the Hon. J. Cultan, "cheered to the echo" some year or two ago. Precocious infant! There is a regular flutter amongst the ghosts in England. It has been announced that a guidebook to the haunted houses will be shortly published. The director of criminal investigations in London has been elected a member of a club in which he wished to put a stop to the practice of gambling. Some members supported the amendments of the Legislative Council on the Exhibition Bill thinking that thereby the building of the Exhibition will be frustrated. There are 150 dealers in postage stamps for collectors in Paris. What is considered a "fairly complete" collection costs from £2,000 to £4,000. A dear price to pay for a fad. Who are the City Councillors interested in Norwood trams who voted in favor of de- molishing the trees in Rundle road, so that people should ride instead of walk to their homes. Dr. James Fraser, of Edinburgh, finds that all the ordinary infused beverages retard the digestion of albumen. "Meat teas" are therefore condemned. The venerable Hon. John always rises into a splendid passion when he talks of our hop- of-my-thumb Chief Secretary. 'Tis then his metaphors get eo hopelessly mixed. If we have got nothing else for our exhibi- tion we can show some curious specimens of members of Parliament, and preserve some murders of the Queen's English by means of the phonograph. Yesterday Mr. Coles announced his inten- tion to be straightforward, and expressed the hope that Mr. Bees would follow his example. The member for Onkaparinga, however, said he would be very sorry to do so. An American paper says the most beautiful phenomenon of last year, not excepting the blue moons and the gorgeous sunsets, was the return of a borrowed umbrella to the editor. This only happens once in a blue moon. The women who count the banknotes in the Treasury at Washington suffer from a peculiar disease owirg to poisoning from arsenic employed in the macufacture of the notes. The symptoms are sores on the hands and head. A married woman named Vander Linden is in custody at Leiden on a charge of having murdered sixteen persons. Nearly all the victims were members of her family. She insured their lives, and then poisoned them for the sake of the profit. A naptha well just sunk at Baku yields from 50,000 to 60,000 poods of naptha every twenty four hours. The flow is so great that a 3-inch cast iron plate fastened over the font, in order to change the direction of the stream, was broken to pieces. The Accrofuls and the Putaboos, feuda- tories of the British Empire near Cape Coast Castle, had a row, the former tribe having broken through the monopoly previously en- joyed by the latter of beating a gong. War impended in consequence of this difficulty, and was only averted by the appearance on the scene of a British bobby with a cane. In a debauch of rum the hostile natives pro- bably forgot their differences. 