Ifiterfttttf* ROBBING PETER TO PAY PAUL. By JOHN SA.TJNDERS, Author of 'Hirell, or, Love Born of Strife,' ' Abel Drake's Wife,' ' Israel Mort, Over* man,'&c;,, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XEJX.— Miss Vasdeletj-r's Song. Gualtmore reached, the troops found the doors wide open to receive them, for the eomte had sent a swift messenger in advance to inform Lord Harlaxton of weir approach to the Castle ; and how be, the comtesse, and the commander of the troops had taken counsel together, and he was happy to say the latter had welcomed the doable opportunity of protecting Gualtmore, and having, as he hoped, another brush with the Fenians that might end differently from the last KotbiDg could exceed the satisfaction of Lord H&rlaxfon; to; be eo relieved of the arxiety be had frit for his mother and Hiss vanoeieur tureugn tee excited state oi the cietrict &iound;, and on account of the threatened attack! by the Fenians, about which be had managed to keep them in ignorance. Some guests were in the house who, like the countc-es and Miss Vandeleur, knew nothing oF any special danger.. To keep them all still unsuspicious Irfjrd Hu-l&xton; had made use of the season (just b afore Christmas) to keep 'up 'all possible festivity. . The .troops now found- themselves the objects of a reception that was likely to be only too hospitable, but for the forethought of the major, who. warned all his subordinates to be on their guard, and stop on the instant everything that] looked like licence, or un ?sEemiy or oaugeruus *tiHT'frfTnftP. When he had, like all good officers, seen to everything with his own eyes, he rejoined the «arl, who had led the way to the drawing reom, where the major was introduced to the countess and to Mies Vandeleur. He presently became the centre of a wide circle, tho chief speaker in a kind of all-round conversation that left the faintly and the guests deeply interacted in the young soldier whose aid bad been eo timely. As to the major, he became so impressed with the beauty of the two ladies in person, mind, and -character, that he hardly knew which he ad f&ired; most— the age of the one or the youth of the other. As the evening drew on, the countess went ' to the piano, and called on Miss Yandeleur to ting. This she did with exquisite taste and feel* ing, and in sweet but not powerful voice, that charmed the guests, who all, with the major, pleaded for another song. Her first had been a ballad—' The Miller's Daughter ;' and she was again about to -stop, ' in turning over the leaves of her music, at some equally sad strain, but the countess, who watched, said in an undertone to her— 'We should cheer, not sadden our guests, ?and for that matter our very hearts too. Sing * Impudent Barney O'Hea.' n Miss Yandeleur paused, seemed to hesitate MB Zt fl.« iliffinnltTT lint* 4vi.an.ti3 Mia 1 1 1 1 ? ? ni «&».»&*. AO U Ul UUUt/aUlfjr, Ulill bUlUCU MK3 .Win UilVO more, and summoning whatever of humorous feeling might remain in her not very happy life of late, was about to comply, when she suddenly burst into tears, and, murmuring to the countess — ' Bay I am not well,' rose, and hurriedly left the room. But scarcely had the countess made the best of things, and persuaded one of the guests to take Miss Vandeleur's place, before that lady herself returned, and with a smile said aloud — 'Pray forgive me, I felt suddenly as though I should be ill, but it is quite gone;' and therewith, without even a word of sugges tion that would certainly have led the guests to change the song, she sat down at the piano under the tearful but admiring eyes of the -countess, and again sang, and delighted all who were present with her refined and in stinctive sense of humor, as much as she had done by her pathos a few minutes before. Dancing succeeded the music, and was kept up with spirit till the time came for the departure of the troops on their pretended journey. When the major left the drawing-room with Lord HariaxtoD, the latter said — 'Will sou be back in time to continue our dance — that is, supposingyou have not another kind of dance, a sword dance, to engage it V ' I wish,' waa the reply, ' you would keep it up. If only at intervals, till we come back ; as helping, if there are traitors on the watch within or without, to make them sure you can be safely attacked.' 'I understand, and will do it. I have everything Teady to arm a dozen of my ser vants, should you want them.' ' Keep them to guard the ladies and your guests, otherwise my first anxiety must be for them.' ' Thank you, but I have places in which to put them where no harm could reach.'' ' That, then, is a good work accomplished, we'Usay. And now, my lord, farewell fox two or three hours only. Please don't fire upon us when we come stealing in like to many thieves in the night.' And with that jest, which Lord Harhtxton received with a smile, they parted. Presently, however, the earl followed to watch from some point of vantage the ma jot's ikOful and to him somewhat novel method of mannauing ma smau army in view «t roe necessities of the case. The infantry were in column in the middle of the road, with the cavalry long drawn ont on each side as If to shield them, but really In order that when they reached the bye road through which the former was to return, the cavalry ehould go on slowly to a certain point ' ?greed on as the place whence, in case of need, they could easily be recalled, but as if the in fantry were still mBrcbicg with them, after they bad in reality passed away. If Fenian scouts were near they would be obliged to keep a certain distance to prevent thuEeflTcs from being discovered. That fact ard the daiknos*. it was thought, would make tee ruse successful. :Chafxe& L.— Stephem^ Midkight Adves TUBES, Meantime action again, las had ao often happened before, was proving an effectual sedative to Stephen's disturbed thought*. Perhaps, too, he saw with secret satisfac tion that the duties assigned to him presented faverable opportunities for an occasional glance into the interior of Gualtmore, with out danger of recognition. He chose and placed his men, by the aid of the map, without having occasion to make a single enquiry, warning each to whistle ouly as a first signal to him, reserving fire for those who would not stand and wait till he came. And then he sought out and found the best, tie shortest, and the most secret paths through the trees by which to fO from one to another of the sentinels at frequent intervals, and from there to the mansion. That done, he took his post to watch at ths back of the mansion, which remained in com plete darkness, for the return of the troops. At some little distance from the doow at which they were to enter stood a group of magnificent cedars, whose lower branches swaying to and fro in the wind often startle! him into the belief he aaw the forms of his comrades emerging from the obscurity. \- And when at dead of night they did arrive their Advance was so noiseless, their march so like a march of ghosts bent on some super natural errand, their disappearance in single file through the gloom of the open door as into a tomb so Impressive, that Stephen. could hardly satisfy himself to take the fact on trust that they were his comrades, and not die very enemies whose presence was eo expected and provided for. But absolute silence had been eoj lined. He could therefore only wait and watch. It was quite a reiief when the man who was the last to enter spoke to one in advance, saying, ' Well done !' and knew the voice to be the major's. After paying visits to bis three men and finding all well, the' sounds of music drew Stephen towards the mansion, and to one of the windows of a long room on the ground floor, brilliantly lighted by chandeliers. Hefound, as he expected, dancing going on, and bis heart began to beat as he saw a pair advancing towards him, and then passing the window where he was, and he fancied the lady to be Miss Yandeleur. Tnat was a muta&e.; ue waicea som6 time, thinking she must come: but still be ?** nothing of- her. And that small fact served him for large inferences. She was not in clined to dance ; she was, perhaps, still think ing how often she had danced with him : she was esd ; the still cared for, still thought of him, acd him only, in full forgiveness. A whistle cut shott his reveries. He hurried to the sentinel, who had signalled to him in order to say he had heard some rustling among the adjacent trees, and be lievid a man had pasted into the wood, who either did cot bear or would not acknowledge his ctalkcee, and was eone before hs could meke up his mind to fite, thinking he might be one of the gamekeepers of the earL Stephen made him point out the place from whence the sound seemed to issue ; and thither he went, moving with stealthy step, his bayonet and rifle in position ready, from one sheltering tree-trunk to another ; and at last something that brought him to a stop, just as be was about to emerge on a little open place which had been Cleared for the purpose by the woodcutters. What was the tcmethicg? At one moment it looked like a rude pillar. The next be fancied it the trunk j of * broken tree. But in an instant more he decided it was a man standing as if in doubt what next to do, and unable to decide. 'Stand!' cried Stephen in a stern voice, and he advanced with a levelled bayonet to wards the figure. Suddenly he saw a movement as of an arm, armed no doubt with a revolver, and quick as lirrtttninir. fiA lAimed fnrw&ril; und nluncrpd fii« bayonet into the object before him. What was -his wonder and annoyance to find by the shock he himself received (enough to have broken his weapon) the nature of his antagonist. It was a broken tree, of which only a single branch remained, and was blown occasionally to and fro by the wind ; and Hair, in the darkness and mystery of Digbt, was converted by Stephen's imagina tion into the arm of a Fenian lifted to destroy him. With a laugh that was not the least mirth ful, and something like an angry oath follow irg, be called himself an egregious ass, and was thankful he had not been tempted to fire, and eo brought the sentinels to his aid in such an extremity. At that very jnoment, when his heart seemed burning within him for something to do that might make him forget this ridi culous blunder, he, too, heard the sound of rustling near him, of which the sentinel had spoken. ' Now I shall, if I don't mind, commit the opposite 'and worse folly, and fail to act when action may be a matter of life and death. Still, I mutt take my chance, so here goes.' Goirg to the sentry, whose whistle bad warned biro, he bid him follow, and walk where he m'oved, and as noiselessly as pos sible. ' Listening with bended head, he could hear the Jaintent possible sound of rustling leaves, as if ? under some one's feet. Following the direction of the sound, and warned by that of bis own and his comrade's danger from the leaves, he trod with careful step where he fancied there would be fewest, about the .elevated .roots of the trees. The private did the same, and both succeeded in moving silently along till they were on the edge of -the bye road, along which the return ing soldiery had .come. This road continued past the mansion, and presently joined a high road about a hundred yards or so away. There (hey became aware of the sound oE wheels, coming from the same quarter as the returning soldiery, and they advanced into the road to see who was passing. A car drove up-, in which Stephen could just make cut the forms of four men. Not an instant did he hesitate, although knowing that if they were armed their lives might pay the forfeit of their audacity ; he shouted to them as he leaped into the middle of the road, ' Stop 1 or I fire !' Thus hailed Jthe car did stop. Stephen sent the private to tho horse's hea3, and then valuing ituc uuii a-eyv ituiwru liv uarrAeu exa mined the inmates ; at first cursorily, to identify their number, and see if they had weapons in then- hands or near them. 'Who are you, and where are you from?' he first asked the driver. ' Shure now, I'm the driver of the car, and I'm from ? ? ,' mentioning the name of a place where there had been a pig fair that day. a ' And who are these with you ?'' ' Oh, very honeBt glntlemen— pig jobbers.' 'All of them?' ' I believe so ; but sure, you can enquire for yourself.3' ' Do you know either of them V ' Certainly I do, and for many a year, and by token of many a job — and handsomely they've paid me when I was hard put to it.' ' ' Which of them do you know ?' 'This one,' said the driver, touching the arm of one of the men. And Stephen poured the stream of light on his face. 'And this one,' continued the driver, pointiDg with his whip at a second of the men in the car. Again Stephen looked at the man in the fierce fight cf the lamp, and when he spoke it seemed as though he hadseen nothing more serious than pig jobbery in the face of either. 'And as to the third ?'' demanded Stephen, directing his lamp for an instant at the driver's countenance. 'Oh, he's been at the fair, too; but walked on, thinking some friends would pick him up, and that's just what happened.' *' Ob, not far off. But he's all right. Good night.' He shook the reins to go on, but Stephen stopped him with, 'If you don't want my comrade's bayonet in tout horse's belly, and a shot from bis rifle in your own brains, you'll stop where you are till I bid you proceed.' The driver lowered his whip, and Stephen, going round to the other side of the car, where the third man sat, levelled his bull's eye at him, and saw a figure with a thick shawl round his neck, wearing a cap with ears that came down and partly covered his face. 'Its all right; pig- jobbing all day, and wanting to be at home and out of the cold at sight,' said the person in question with a half laogh. Whftt with his natural care to guard against tne cold, acd his genial comment, he and his fellow- travellers might in a few seconds more have been allowed to pass, for Stephen had been told of the fair, and of the probability that come, and possibly tipsy men, would be passicg in the night. But there was a peculiarity in the voice that he seemed to remember— though where or nnder what circumstances he could not for the life of him recall. Bo thinking, but with do idea in his mind Chat he was about to elicit anything of moment, he said, *? I seem to remember your voice. Have we met before?' And again the light streamed on the man's face. Another thought cow startled Stephen, and caused him to «ay, ' 'Be so kind as to remove your shawl, and take off jour cap.' he said. 'What, in a night like this?' was the re joinder. The aEswer was Stephen's rifle and bayonet pointed at him. He removed bis shawl and cap, and Stephen lowered his rifle, but kept careful watch, with his bayonet in his right hand, while iicing the lamp with his left. Headers may imagine hit emotion when he beheld and recognised tie face of the Three D»vb' Feniac— the man in whom he h»d been bo interested in the train to Holy head, and who was, doubtless, the mysterious rustier of tie 1« a«-8 in 1 he wood ; at-d eogagj-i, in all probability, in the very busiscus of the liigbfc for whkh the troops waited. 'Ah, la that you !' he exclaimed, in joyful surprise, or what was made to appear very like it. ' Descend,' aaid 8tepben, sternly and ab ruptly. Then turning to his comrade he said — ** Bullock, ccme here?' 'Why, my good fellow, what is the matt »?' asked the Three Days' Fenian. ' Descend !' again said Stephen, with still more dangerous tone and accent. The Three Days' Fenian accordingly de scended. ' Tern out jour pockets !' was the next command. *' Bullock, help him !' And again he was obeyed. 'Feel that one in the breast- lining of his coat,' said Stephen to the private. The Three Days* Fenian put his hand to his breast, hesitated for a second or two, as if feeliDg for it, looked at Stephen, who held his bayonet roady for the slightest sinister movement, and drew forth a revolver. ' Take it,' said Stephen to his companion, and to him it was quietly given. 'Ascend the car !' As the Three Days' Fenian was retaking his seat, Stephen sent the private again to tie horse's head, taking the revolver from him. He looked at it and at its owner; and atked— 'Is it loaded?' 'You bad better try,' was the sullen re sponse Eeviewing the position— four men before him, one of whom he was certain was dangerous, while they might all bo connected, —and with the means of escape in their hands, could they, by a rush, pass and overpower him, he was half- tempted to shoot- the horse, but could not decide on so painful a step ex cept in tfae last necessity. Suddenly the Three Days' Fenian snatcbe 1 the whip from the driver, tumbling him off by a violent blow, and, lashing the horse with the utmost fury, would in a few moments bave escaped. But Str phen'd comrade was too quick for him. He fired — the animal fell ana kicked convulsively, so the soldier thrust his bayonet into him, and relieved him by death, Then SUpben turned to the baffled Three Days' Fer. iiD, who was rising from the ground, to wbich he and the other men bad been vio lently thrown, and said, ' I thick you had better try no more expe riments.' Both the other sentinels were now heard running, roused by the shot, and presently joined Stephen. ' Goaid these men — that man espeeisUy,' he said, indicating the Three Dijs.' Feaiin. 'Shoot them if they attempt to move. I go f o report to the commanding officer.' When he had gone a few paces he stopned, returned, came to the man whom he was now convinced was anything but a F.'n»n of ' three days onls i and slid to bim, with much feeling, ' I could w.'sb any other but me had this duty to perform ; but, as it is, farewell?' He turned, and passed away. Chapter LL — The Corporal in the Ballroom Ante chamber. To seek the Major in the interior of the house, Stephen could not help thinking, waa to incur the risk of meeting his own rela tives — an event that he desired of all things to avcid. It had been arranged that Stephen in his communications with the major, if he hnd occasion to make any, should use the same door as that used by the soldiers on their return. Thither he went, and after finding his own way into a long corridor he say a livery ser vant at the other end, and called to him. But the man was either too busy to attend to a common soldier, or too excited by the pretence of the guests, the music and the deuce, by the flow cf wines in which possibly he managed to share, or by the news, which began to get known, of the possibility of a Fenian attack, together making a veritable sensation. At all events he only stopped for a moment to see who it was called, and then hurried away. Guided by the hum of many voices, and thinking as he threaded the intricacies of the place in search, ho 7 easily a few Fenians, did they know, might follow his example.andthen let in their whole body suddenly upon soldiers, hosts and guests alike. Stephen at last came to a large servants' hall, where many of the soldiers were posted, sitting on chairs, on forms, or on the floor— but all having their arms in their hands, or by their side. There he found Sergeant Grabbe. told hiai brit fly -what had happened, and asked him to find the Major, and say where he was waiting orders ; adding with some embarrassment, as if conscious he was a little disingenuous— ' I don't want to go any further, in case of anything happening to the men I left in charpe that necessitates my immediate re turn.1' 'All right, Sband,' said the Sergeant, whose speech .was a little thick, as if he had not very strictly enforced in his O ni case the rule of temperance he had most carefully en joined en Ids men. So he went to an anteroom adjoining ths ballroom, where he found servants lin waiting, and sf nt one of them to say Major Etheredge was wanted outeide. The opening of the door for the servant's entrance earned a flood of dance music to stream through, and so was heard by Stephen faintly in the servants' hall. Again rose the desire to get a glimpse of Miss Vandekur, if but a single one ; and he regretted now that he bad not himself de manded to see the Major, who was not un likely to be annoyed at his not doing so, seeing how special had been the mission en trusted to him. The reality of that desire and of- that regret were at once put to the test, for the Sergeant presently returned, the jolly face with which he had gone having changed in the interim to a stormy one. 'He says why don't you go to him yourself, acd that he can't at all understand what I told him. But that's your fault, not mine.' ' No doubt, Sergeant— and I am sorry I was not clearer in my report,' 'Anyhow, he waits you in the ante-room.' 'How ehall I find my way?' 'Any fool can tell you that;' and the sergeant went to his seat, and to his un finished glass of toddy. Stephen could not make general proclamation among his comrades for the one individual fool who would do what he wanted, so he set off in the direction he had seen the sergeant go, and then, guided by the music, reached the place. Major Etheredge was on the watch, evi dently impatient for his coming ; and after giving him a slight reproof for not hastening directly thither, told Shand to tell him exactly what had happened. He listened with the deepest interest ; and well he might do so. For he had already heard a rumor that there was a huge body of armed Fenians collected at a particular spot, sheltered from general observation, who had been marching with great rapidity, had then unexpectedly paused, and were still pausing, as though waiting for some special informa tion, or, as some vague remarks that had been overheard in the darkness by a scout seemed to imply, as though their leader had not yet arrived, or had left them for some important purpose, and not yet rejoined. 'Is it possible, major, this is the man!' asked Stephen. 'I do believe it is ! If so, it is a haul of the first importance. Wait till I call Lord Harlaxton.' He was going when interrupted by Stephen's sudden call — 'Major, I beg your pardon.' Here he paused in the search for fitting thoughts and words ; and the major could not but notice how his face had colored. ' You were so kind — I think — as to say to me on one occasion that- that— ' 'That I would gladly be of service to you if I could. I did so. Has the occasion come?' His penetrating glance in Stephen's face as he raid this was so fell of consciousness that he migai oe on tne eve 01 some discovery aoaui Stephen's family that the latter course be came only the more difficult, and he could but eay : 'K, major, you would kindly excuse me— 'You know Lord Harlaxton?' '' He knows me.' ' Ah, I understand. It's awkward, perhaps impossible, to avoid a meeting. He is the magistrate who will have to examine these men— or rather the one man who alone seems to be important— and you are the one indispensable witness.' 'Very well, major. I cannot presume to ask that I should be an obstacle to justice, or to the performance of duty.' - ' But let me see,' thoughtfully remarked the major. ' The whole business is yet in the vague, and concerns the military rattier than the civil authorities. I am not sure indeed whether it would not be better for me alone to deal with this man at present. Keep him under our charge till we return to camp, pump him, and see if he will respond, and finally hand him over with all the informa tion we can collect to the proper authorities for his examination and trial, should the evi dence be sufficiently complete. You can greatly help in the matter.' ' Perhaps I ought to tell you, major, that I bave seen and convened with thatman before, and that but for a partial recollection of hi* voice I am afraid I should have let him g--.' ' Yon did not tell me that before,' said the major, sharply. 'No, major, because I desired not to con fuse my general report with anything not rjcoesiary at the moment. But I intended to atk your permiscion at the first oppor tunity.' ' All right. But the opportunity must be now. Sit down.' Srepbm, still keeping his weapon, which looked strangely put of plaoe, within the circle ci! Lis arms, eat down and narrated Bicst fruitfully the, tubstauco of the whole cccveit&liori; in the irtin. not cntiuealiog hie o»n s-jm^aibj Hlth tLe nn&i; vriiile hostile tc kiSCMH*. 'HentuthaveiMeatryinf to deceive yon in order to discover it you ware either friend or foe.' ' Pardon me, I think not, major. I fancy there is a passage in the Bible whioh gives the explanation roughly but naturally— the dog going back to his vomit. 'Exactly. You think he did intend to qn's the Feoian cause — but the old Adam in hi a was the conqueror— and so he is here, our prisoner. Go for him and the others, and 1 will myself examine them — somewhere wher we can be private. Stay! Wait till I have spoken to Lord Harhtxton, and I will go with yon to find a place so that you can come thtre without fuss or enquiry. We most kef p all «s quiet as possible. Lord Harlaxton and I bad a subdued laugh together a few minutes ego between the dances as we mads mutual acknowledgments what hypocrites we were, teeming to have no other thought and whh than to bask in the smiles of the ladies, while really thinking and anxious about pos sible business of so opposite a character. 'As to Lord Harlaxton, if I do not quiet him with regard to your story he will cer tainly be seeking us both to hear more, for I aaid a few words to him on receiving the sergeant's not very perspicuous report.' And so saying he passed into the ballroom, leaving the door half open as it happened, so that Stephen could not only see a large part cf the room, but also many of those who occupied it. Some were. promenading, and passing on their way to near that Stephen could hear their voices and distinguish their faces. Should he now see Miss Vandeleur ? Strange as it m»y sound, hers was the first voice that he next heard ; and while it thrilled it also jarred, for she was engaged in what seemed to his possibly exaggerating fancy an animated conversation with a baud some young fellow, and laughing in answer to come of bis remarks, which Stephen thought weie made in an in&idiously; low and fervid tone. As he eat, with the light behind him, and therefore with his face in partial shade, he ventured to stare boldly right before him, but making no movement, looking as a mere soldier might be expected to look when a scene eo brilliant and so novel was passing before bis eyes. In that position he was when she again passed ; and in that position he Bat immovable, as she looked, saw the young soldier there, and directed her companion's attention also to him, and the result was that she herself was to bim in the moment when they looked at each other little more than a shadow seen in a dream, through the emotion he felt at the fear the might be rccogniiing him, and then what would she e&y; or do ? But the pair passed on, and he saw no more of them. Fcr the major came out and they went away together. (To be continued.) 