COLONIAE- .NOTE^'- (European Mail', Jvine &?} ' Qen.'Jeal ' Booth, thehle,'»d of t?«f.«8lra tion Armjv is expected shorflj ' to make1 a tour of Australia and Jfos- Zealand; Doubtlow \ thlg determination ou the part of the General «- visit our colonies has been pitxtaptsd by dii8 Buccoia of the- Ko.dmond mission ?.tbioug'Ss Ati» tralia and Tow ZsaUnd. More funds are- r« quired to kojo tho Salvation Array going, and the ' Gttsnerul' no doubt feels tbat line oolocists are tho moat likely poople to brfp forward1 a movomont vihiah hao reooived bo m»«h Bupport. amongst a certain class of pliilinthi'opiflts &f;) home TheFronoh M-inisftsr of Pnhlir Iniitr«s»ioa has just sent out Dr. Poussie',of the Messageries MaritimeB, and a member of tha Aathropologi cal Soci. ty, on &-3- cthoograpbical azid' natural history mission to'AuBtralia and India: ' Sending coals ? to NawoaBtle ' wss-onoe be lieved to be the height of commercial f ally ; ; but vous aeons cJiuogS'ibtit' tela, and white' sleefrie lighting companies' have been expatiating on the undoubted advantajos of setting -xp rein nUllations ' in the ecloniea, ' where ecal, o°d cons.quontly gas, ars 30 dear,' tvs ars aoHially importing coal from'' Australia for themain faoture of gas in ^England ; and we aru in formod'that tho chip Port Jfackson has arriTed at Liverpool from Sydney, 2Tsw Soath 'Wcletl, with adargo of 3,100 tons- of Australian «ana«i coal for the Liverpool Gris Companjr. Thcmgi it has not been before made pablio, it is imdar stood that tho company have- received preTioas great gas prodnsing qaaHilss. The 'dose connection batmon Engla^Fe ?* colonial,' ' Indian,' and' 'foreign' policies, alluded in another part of our impression, ia sx»mplifisd by tbe fact tholrin th« nsgciiaiicnsi with the United States on the' question of ad mitting the West Indian colonies to the advan tages of the mo«t favouredf-nation clause of or* commercial treaty with the TJnitod States th^ ffrst move has to bo m'.ide tjrougb th» Colonial Ofike, and the next step —via., the aotuaJ. corrospondeneo with the Ubited States — baa to be conducted by the Foreign OS«o. In the. satne w*y tho Colonial and Foreign Offioes have both to be snt in moticnv before Australia can mako ils voice ofScially heard at Paris in opposition to tho Fronoh penal riridititlt scheme. But p^rh^ps tho most striking case is that of the Transvaal ant tho Orange Free State, with both of which— alt-hough- absolutely foreign States our relations are carried on through Iho Colonial Ofllce- direct, as if they were Eogli^li colonies Wliatever his personal dofocts — ^which, of courso, he cannot h^lp — Tawhiao will no doubt bemodo much fuss «f by saoiety in general, and by rho Aborigines Promotion Socioty in ? partiouTor ; and we can only hope tbat he will no! Buffer, mentnlly, morally, or physically, in the process. We a-e very muoh afraid, how over, that he is doomed to disappointment in so far an the great object of his -risit is eoncornod — which was to ask and receiyo the eamo con sideration that Cetewnyo received at the hands of tho Que&n.; ('otewayo 'came, saw, and ? onquered ' — at least, 10 he- thought ot the time — although he would oerfuinly bave be«i better off if he had bean- baf!*d in the object of his visit to u*. If Tawhiao is sent empty awn-y, instead of beingj.- Uks Cetewayo, presented withhalf a crown, he may console i himself, with the reflootion that? Oetewayo's sx iperience lnnt Btrong emphasis to the old proverb about ' unpasy honds j' and ii' tho fate of his unhappy Zulu ' cousin ' is wisely brought ' home to hin underfltiniding, he may be willing ?to accept with grati'ude the easy terms which eord to him. A seat in the Legislative Oaunail, a pension, and a well- appointed house will be a good oxchnnge for an empty crown and a shadowy dominion A'lww eompuny has just been registered in Bondon nnt.itled ' The City- of Dmnedin tu burban Grua Compiny,' thoobjtctof whioh is to manufacture and Bupply gis fo' publio and private purposes in ths. be ca^lu of Ga.T«r»ham, Koslyn, Morningtoo, and 86. Xilda, noar Dunodin, und to d» all things inoidonUl thxrctb- The cupital raqnired i» £100,000, in £10 shares. Pir Charleo Oavan Diffy, KGM.G., late Premier of Victoria, who as om readers are ?well ayarn was asuooiattd with a past Irish rovolnt.innary stru^gln. and haa for some time beon residing at, hie ohnteau near Ifieo, is about to issue 11 aaritst of Iriih Kationftli»t pnblisa tkmn, ba;od on the line* lua down by ths Young Ireland party of 1849. The objist et the forthcoming publication is to infus* a nsw notional spirit into tlta Iriuh people, while not openly opposing Mr. Parnell and his party. Sir Obas. Qavan Duffy considers Mr. P«rnell's inove mont too solflsh in ila principles, and advoottxa n eimple rostoriition of the Cellogs Gre»n Par liament We im» scoured th» toTviess of well' known Irish writers and politioianyi. Mr. John O'Leary will 'co*'itribute to the soiios two volumoB— 'The -1 ifo of Theobald Wolfe Ton»;' and 1 a ekotch ' of Pociatiism ' Thomas Olitrko Luby, ono of tbo- l.E.B. Counoil of Throo in 1865, will bo another contributor, while Sir Charles himself iu preparing a life of Thomas iDavisi the Iriuli K ationalist poot. It ia under, etnod that thejo gentlamon, or at leant some of them, contemplate starting, l«t»r on, a news paparin Dublin for tho propagation of thoir particular idws. The Daily Telegraph fears thufc the' Young. Ireland ohief working again on Irish soil will Snd himself liko a ghost rfviiil. ing tho glimpeea ot tbo moon. ' History,' it obsorvos, ' has swept by and put tho literary, genllqraanly, eontimeutal oodition of thu put ontiroly ou-' of iJal.o. Men of coarser typo and lower uiuiB stir tho Ireland of tc-day.' ?' M.' Mikloubo-Misclay, the well-known UusBian tr^vo)ior ar.a uxplorer, Has ion nouna to roply to the unvere oritisisms rerontly yasssd upon him by tho ;V«i-o» Vremyc, of 8t Peters burg, in regard to his action in oonnoctiQii with the proposed .annexation of New Guinoa to tha British Empire. In a long communioution to tha Novosie ho quotes a lengthy eorrespon denoe betwo-n himnolf, Sir Arthur Gordon, Lord Auguntua Loftua, Lord Dorby, Mr. (Ikdatouo, and otlibrg, in vindication of Jm aooduot in (ke matter, toi ai jsroaf cf the'' niiBropro'entutiona mado by the writer in tho Nouoe Vrctny*. Ho also repudiates the title of Baron glfon him in Bng lmd. At tbe sime time ho records his convic tion that tho British Gorornmentwill eventually u^mpl/' wilh tho request made to it bf tbe Intwrojionial Oonf»ronoo to annas tho group of i»iaud.' from -Fiji to New Guinea inclusive. Ho then rufefrt 10 the strong poiitiona ooaupUd and about to bo tako* up by the ahief fiuropean Powers geuorally in tho Paciflo, and conoludes by expresiing the hopo that Bus-ia, with, her 8,000 inilos of coast line on the Pooiflo, will also soon tako up hor proper place in that ocoan by timoly oooupsUon of oonvejtient 8ta» tions for tor float. Taking into consideration the seriously de prssied oondition »f the shipping, trade gone* rally, tho .shareholders of the Peninsular and Oriental Company are to be congratulated cm ' the dcolaratioi! of tho usual dividend at tho ratebf 5 per cent/per annum. The directors' repofrt, jnat issued, in a little paradoxical. In ono part it is stated that ' the oxcotsive ehrp building of the last fow yiwrs is no doubt , mainly responsible for tho prniont etato of things)' and in tiiiother wo are told tbat 'since the Inft rnpurl two r.ew steamers have been despatched on their first voyages, and of the other two new vessels one has beon launohed and tho oilier ia appronching nornplf-tion.' Now, tho Peninsular a'-.d Orirfitsl flcot has eve* '''?'? beon looked upon ns the finest mercantile fleet in Iho world. All that Iho othor companies hwciboon trying to do i3 (0 vio with thoPonin solar and Oriental to some oxtent, but tbo directors of tha old inntitulion in Leadonhall street will not allow them to do anything of tho sort, and tboraf ra nowbo%ts have beon built in order hi keep tho Poninular an»l Oriental Oom pany far above any of iti corapciitors, and retain the bulk of tha Eastern and Auatrilian Bteam. trado. Thurot'iMv, ' if the excoasivo shipbuild ing of tho past. fi-w years' ia rosponeiblo for the piccOiitBluU of tliingB, tho directors of tho Pen insular and Oriental Co. ennnot ccquit them eelvos of all blamo iu the matter. Cnfortu nately, v«ry little waj biiid about tho Australian ttauo in the report, but it surely cannot be BO bad as the trade between this oountry and tha Bast! Homowurd freights from Bombay, it would appear, .havo besn aa low as 16s,, and rarely exceeded 20ti du-ing the last few months, while during tho recent spring the ratOD of freight on dsu'.: weight, seeds, hi !c» and »uch liko cargo nt Calcutta wore exactly 50 per cent, below the rates whieh prevailed at the corresponding perio:! of tho previous1 year. Ncrdlces to Fay the company's earn ings have been considerably nffscted by thesB facts. JThe revenue, however, has beon well uiuiiiLuiuufj uy eiLra lvorn unu rno Oinpioyment of larjor carrying veseelo, while the patsenger trafflo has nlno bron Siti'factory. It is to be hoped that some improvement in business may enable the directors 'o make a moro premising twj.wtat, the end of the flnuncial year, but the do* ctors c-andidly confflss rbat ' they ore cer taiaV' not justified by what they see nt pre sent- l'i holding out any fanguine anticipations on thi» subject.' A Qlf/BT SiTetd.— Tha following from a oorresponci'ent of the Pall Mall Oaittle, will apply with: equal force to numbers of other critics besides the talented My to whom it reft™ :*— ' Madame de Novikoff has taken up the cause of the ex- Khedive, Ismail, and main tained::»itb her very clever pon that the only possible eolation of the Egyptian difficulty ia oithtr annexation of Egypt by ICtfgland or the zeturn of the ex-Khedive to power. I adtraft that l&damo; de Novikoff is a very competent «citio on ttll'Bnropean, nnd' especially Buishuv political questiens ; but wiil you permit mo to* ask this gifted Bussian lady on what grounds she also claims to be conndured a competent jadg* of the Egyptian difficulty and it's solu tion,? As faras I am swsre, Madame de Norikoff Iks net liytd' in Sgypt for any considerable period *f ti73e f perhaps not even been at all in the valley of the Nile. Surely her knowledge tf Bnseian diylom&cy; alone ean- hardly entitle bar to speak with authority on foe most dim-' erft political quostion of the day,' The Qb-sbhiv&ajw; Loajt.— The- writer of ' Colonial Jfotej,'.' in the Bvropnm- Mail of Ju»e 6, lays l:that the- publio continue to loofr with itvojir upon colonial securities, and that' aapital for invaatment is still abnndant^ ii amply ii.Offrv by the suocora- of the new Queensland loan. The ton'lora num bered nnarly 1,090;! »t prices ranging- from th« minimum up to £100 5s., with two'ontside teu.loru fov £200 nnJ'filOO'etioh at £102- Tbe total amount ipp!ie-} for was £8,925,900', and numerouB tenders vfero for very Urge BumB, vi* — oae fur £1,100 r.OO, one for £9fK',090t one f«r £545,000, uiul uiio for £5CO.0OO, at i!99 8» ; ? fivo for «iOO,(K'O eai^h; ut £99 0*. fid. to £99 9s. ; nine for £60,000 each, at £99 2s 64 to £39'1U» &.t. ; ona for PA0MCO, at i'99 ; aeven ' for £30,000 each, at £G90s. 6d to £99 13s 63.; eno f»r £2r-,000, at £9&; and 25 for £2S|000' each, ati!39 Oa. 0.1. to £C911». 6d. Tondots at £99-8». will receive about 40 por cent, of the amount applied for,, and above that price in full.-1 The average price obtained was £99 0a.':2d. per £100 stock. Some little die sati«Faction w»a expressed at- the delay in open ing the tondord nearly half an hour bevond th» time fired, sereral of the leading ir.emben ot the et-ick Exchange complaining of bein^ kept so' long, away from buBiness. It appears, it is the rula of tho Bank of Kngland not to allow cheques to be enclosed with the tenders* and consequently some littlo time is lost ilk. raueiving tho applications, particularly when,, as in tbe present instance, a Targe number came in at the Unt moirent. It is to be hoped that tho bank executive will sen their way to reme dying this etat- of thinijn in the cusn of future loans. One affect of the avidity, says the Ptll 'Moll- Oaiette, or, as- ion» call it, tha rapacity, with which the Queensland stock wao'taliun uj, is to bring on another niBh for o»!onml Government rtocks generally. This also jnita the syndicates who hud bougnt up pre»ious i»siie« very exactly. It would be iiiln to suppose that they have- already got rid of tho stocks of ne-v isiues which thoy had. pieriouily f.ppli-'d for. The lust issue of the Board of 'vVorlu stock (at £IG© 8c 6d ) hod fallen in tho market for a timo,. in consequence ?f tho Amario«n collspso s and the name with the S»uth Ausir»-ian lnnn. Tho conspicuous success of the Qne^nsUml loin brings all the previous issues of colonial .Btsok into favour agaia. All the same, it might be well lor governments and corporations with a regard for ths stability of their issue* in the market to shook the appliontionB of groups or largo lumps of stoeV, whioh they are not able to absorb, but only carry speoulaiively ' A,ToTTH8Y!iJ.B papor «ayB:— -'A good dralhag beoa saio latoly about tbo ignorunco of kanakas on the subject of thoir Agreements, but there ara othar matters on which they are just aa ignoiant, and of whioh tho interpreter* can givo thom no eaplanation wha1 soever A short t ime ago a bo&l;'u craw, imtivue of Toite Inland, ooa of the Loniaiade Avchipolngo, were landed at Towuaviltu, and bxpronsid thsir astonishment at seeing a railway train, by throwing up their hond« . and exelaiming, ' Master ! master I -bam«i go-along 'a buuh.' On seeing abulloek dray they aaid, ' in) word, oaptain, ploi.-ty bull'm ft «ow pull en boccas' (box). O(,hnr instanoos can ho cited every day, but thete tno aro quita 'euljloieut. to show . that. 14 dense state of idiior nnoe oritta aniougst tho natives of the South. So« Isljindl*' Thii'iUioih'tiii ilsolf Bhow that thosi poor 'iavagen were. d-UBely ignorant. Why, at the. present timo thore aro plewy of peoplo , in outljing places in Great liriUoB who havo urvar seen a railway train, and who Mould possibly express some thing jlike &»u-niehinint when they did. Indeed:we would bet a tidy « that there aro plenty !of .Town»villi»ns who hud never until comparatively recently eecn 'sleamer go along a bua.ii, and they would have rofcuted being ooiniinred- to. ign'oront savagrs in consequence. SuppiMo an Tnglishiuau wen- to come out to Quot*t-sland and to cx)-n'si burprise at somotKing he hadlnover mot with before — sny a ferocious and bl()odtliir-ty motq'jitii— lio, would not fro desoiriVed as ah ignorint suvaga; ho would simply be having a new aonne awalsened. That was what happened with thoso 1'c-ste Island natives^ It wouldn't prob-bly bo nafu to pruo tise on thoir assumed ign--ratico sjmp'y. because thoy lixpressed surpri'o *t Bering a railway train for the flrjfc time.— '? Town Talk ' in Tha Week A good itory is toldiu Edinburgh about tbat gjuial erreoHm, P,«ff4.or Slaokie. One d%^ the profeaBor being p-eventrd from lcolunng, thero was posted on the Chcuk classroom door a notice to this i-ffiet : ' I.Vofcsi.or Blaokie re grots. ho is unable to-day to muct his classes.* A WA2{-ish student, epying this, sorapodout tha initial letter of the last word of the lentenee, and made it appear as if (lie professor was »e grelful; at hiu inability Io meet those f(iar speoimono of Uumanity familiarly kuowu oirt-- Bidi) the collf k' quadrangle as the ' lastiesC* But who oin juko with lllaokio ? 1 he koen cyed old man, noticing tbo prank that had been playod on him, quietly, erasnd another letter, and loft the following to bo road by whom it might concern : ' Professor Bluokio regrets lio is unable to-day to meet bis aisos V 