THE CONTRIBUTOR. PASSING PHASES OF BELIEF. br an Eclectic. Never was there a time when the calm and philosophic spectator, imagined by Lucretius standing quietly on his rock and overlooking the strangely erratic and confused waves and tides of the great ocean of human belief, could find more that was strange and curious to attract his attention than at the present day. Perhaps, in the strangeness of these phases of faith which successively present their claims 011 our belief the present epoch does not excel many that are past What con stitutes the peculiar conditions of the present is, I think, first, the great rapidity with which these phases succeed each other as compared with former periods, and secondly, a marked difference in the quality of the notice which they attract. To consider this latter differ ence first—how are we to name this new atti tude of the general mind toward the strange beliefs offered for its acceptance ? Take the cases of the crowds of distinguished people who go to watch the " mind-reading0 per formances of Mr. Irving Bishop or the " muscle - reading" performances of Mr. Stuart Cumberland. In what spirit do they go, and in what state of mind do they come away? Wc can hardly suppose that they regard the exhibition as merely an amusing entertainment We should scarcely have busy scientific men like Professor Tyndall, literary men like Mr. Moncure Conway, fathers of the church Buck as reverend canons and chief rabbis, giving their time and attention to these matters, and making shows of themselves by rush ing out of an hotel at Charing Cross in broad daylight, tied by a string to a performer with nis head in a black bag and with a rabble of intellectual people and street idlers at their heels—all to find a pin which had been hidden somewhere in the neigh bourhood—if they looked on the proceedings simply as a conjuring performance. And yet, in what other light do they regard it ? Indeed, we may go further, and ask were any of these queer beliefs of the last 25 years—spirit-rap ping, table-turning, spirit materialisation, levitation, thought-reading, and all the rest of it—ever looked at with any other feelings, even by those who gave most attention to them, than those of amused wonder ? There were a few persons who, unhappily, laboured under the mental conditions fitting them to be converts, but only a few. The part of the public who dabbled in these mysteries seemed to do so merely because it liked the Btimulus of a new sensation, and was all the while quite alive to the amusing side of the matter. To most of thein the "spirits " were merely some unexplained elements in a conjuring entertainment All they wanted was to be interested and amused, and they were this the more readily because of the 1 ingredient of the unknown ill the perform ance. But OB to the influence which all lents of the last these labours and experiments quarter of a century nave bad on the belief of the public it would be impossible to find any fraction small enough to ex press it In former times it would have been different But the human mind has developed a new capacity which it has never shown in the same way before—that of con cerning itself in a dilettante fashion about the large doctrines and strange phenomena offered tor its acceptance, interesting itself in tnem, finding in tnem matter of amusement, occupation for cariosity, suggestions for speculation, without in the smallest degree giving them a permanent place in its belief, either practical or intellectual The other consideration on which I touched —the great number of those sporadic out bursts of new theories and doctrines pressing themselves and their claims on the minds of men—is so obvious that it requires little ex pansion. I have mentioned a few of these, and most readers who care to can extend the list Take the doctrines of spiritualism alone, and try to realise what an enormous system has been built on its foundation, how quickly it passed through its development and originated its successive phases and additions. In former epochB it wonld have required ages to work out all these develop ments, and elaborations, and increments of the original idea. Now, owing to the mechanical aids which give celerity to the movements of the mind, all this takes place within the limits of a generation. Now we have mind-reading by the agency of some un defined "aura " and thought-reading through the unconscious betrayals afforded by muBCU lar action. And all the while we have the Psychical Society, which is labouring in its odd pseudo-scientific fashion to bunt up evidence in favour of the belief in apparitions of the dying and ghosts of the dead, trying to find materials that can be worked np into evidence in any of these abnormal manifesta tions. It would be easy to add to the list of strange beliefs which come and pass without one being able to tell how they come or why they so. There is the Pyramid religion, the Anglo-Israel religion, and many others. We have even invoked the old mysterious East to supply out of its teeming store some new and extraordinary creeds to the hungry minds of the West Many readers have heard within the last few years of theTheosophic&l; Society which is engaged in India in pursuing some very transcendental studies under the guidance of the Esoteric Buddhists. There are, it seems, in some of the secluded valleys of the Himalayas some wondrously-gifted beings known as Mahatmas, who, by dint of long study-working in conjunction with ancient and hereditary lore, have wrung from nature some of the innermost of her secrets. To these mysterious sages all the arcana of the universe are open, and their knowledge invests them with strange and marvellous powers. They are not subject to the ordinary laws of time and space, and can fade away into a mist, and then into transparent air, in their valley home under the 'eternal snows of the colossal Thibetan mountains, and appear in stantaneously in solid substance in the most remote part of the earth. They smile compas sionately at the miracles by which religions ere founded and authenticated, and look with indifference at what we call the triumphs of science They take no interest in our science, and set no value on our material achievements. If it is asked how we know of these men, and their powers and attain ments, the answer is, that we know of them from Colonel Olcott. Colonel Olcott again bases much of bis knowledge on Hie tes timony of Madame Blavataky, a gifted Polish lady, to whom it has been permitted to share in me wonder-working powers of.'these Mahatmas. Like all other prophets, bursting with a new revelation, ColonelOloottgoee to London, produces his new religion, and is listened to, like, all the others, with tbe polite, amused interest and curiosity which take the piece in moderns of Hie faculty of belief where new religions are in ques tion. ' - . What a strange whirl it seems of confused theories, and revelations, and credulities, and deceptions, and impostures. How alight must be the confidence and certainty of mep in their own belief*, or what etend to them in the place of euch, when We find themao ««« W dgbble in these new And revolu mi mrn similarly diasni we8sw anilT material to those whlni, „ les ®t»d i,,!,.'® odd Bystema of faith »5re. follow The, do not list» 5n|S* that ISven from tire to ^«td crumble as they crow „,„i ^ C„ ?re nearest.ttH ?ra«scri«^ is their utter sterility, Al^th^ a^°Dtth^ »«c wh? £? scientific inquirers who ,,„ e eelf-styS tention to spiritualism tbfc 53 nomenn, not as S ",d to£ impartial and unpre S b« a tors, what have they now ♦ i. lnv«itin. their labours ? Tables were lifL w were played, raps were given ^^f,Cor<J4 u felt, heavy mediu^M?8J Q tngs of darkened room«_2r* »P toTS were wnat is come of it all? Abai The belief in immortality, of whicVaUal miserable business was to Berve an (ILt tion and buttress, has gained nothing^ this source. It Jived before ffiisAreaV^ posture began, and has outlived it It IS possible to state the efforts and rmlts S «S thought and muscle readers in any i»2 that do not appear satire and aawLls though none ib intended. The view' rfl number of intellectual men mhinr thmi a crowded; London thoroughfare to 3 professional conjuror to find a pin adninM symbolises and sums up the human of thg ^T^ere is aometiiin? duSti trariaj pathetic in the way m which the moS spirit busies itself with these doubtiuTS ceedings, hoping, bq it would seem, to fia<U only in this dreary tooling, someanewtrtoii difficulties. How does it rush from oneiju to another, wondering, half in enriositju half in expectation, if in this clever ywtfj gitation any clue may possibly be found tod secrets by which it is pooled and baffled. fi these new phases of belief, mushroom i ligions which have grown up in the nto only amuse its attention for a littte while, u are speedily swept out to the rubbish ha They have the defect of being barren alike the intellectualand tothemoralnatureofm They bring nothing with them when th come, and when they vanish they lei nothing behind. The age has already a up a crowd of such ephemeral, unsubstaut beliefs, and will, we may judge, soon wo of the remaining ones and of those by wbt they are offered. In the beginning I placed the insam spectator of all these whirU, and eddieTi cross currents of belief on a rod whence could observe all their confusioa and du And what, it may be asked, is the k whence this view is to be ao seen obtained? This is the most destmcti -vwmmuvu • vuv Uivatl UCSIrQC question of ftlL Nothing is more certain I what is one man's rock is another u whirlpool. We see the drift and insecm and unsubstantial^ of our neighboar'attt point, but are not conscious of our oi We think we stand on firm rod, audi neighbour, whose strange, giddy gyration wonder at, sees right under our footholii calls to us that we are in the air, with foundation or support We see many eeci and strong, and firm in the acceptance c faith, ana marvel by what abnegation reason and judgment they hold it; while them we, in our placid surrender of allh of a solution of the enigmas of ages, sees the maddest of revolutionaries. Eveiym ing theory of life seems to be butofs vidual application, and to be nnintellijcMe all others. We reverse the old saying. he« saveoureelvesbyourpractical creed, Dttoo we cannot save Wecannotgettbemeva understand it Mankind has, for the*" lost the power of thinking on these ujtn subjects in masses, and has resolved i into its individual units. Each has toil alone and work out his problems for bin or, as the most do, ignore them altoges And the result is tnat there never ii time when mutual forbearance in matten belief was more imperative, and vbea tolerance was not only arrogant and ii but hopelessly absurd, inasmuch as it ] supposed a common standpoint andcooi standard of belief which, for onr peipe generation, have ceased to exist 