THE~JULY HKV1EWS. IfPrujpr TJ#vnn» 1 In the Nineteenth Century Mr. Swinburne takes the lead with what, I suppose, he calls % ballad, ' On a Country Road,' in praise of our Father Chaucer, in which the thlrty-alx linen have only three rhyme encungs, ana m which 'Apt alliteration's artful aid' ia very effectively brought in. Mr. Herbert Spencer's reply to Mr. Harrl Eon's attack on the 'Ghost of Religion' is entitled 'Retrogressive Religion.' Only towards the close does Mr. Spencer notioe Sir Jamo3 Stephen's moro recent article. The Comtest system of worshipping th« 'Great Being Humanity.' considered aa a whole, and having saints' days, and dedicated weeksjand months for special good and heroic men and women, is like a reversion to the ancestor -worship out of which Mr. Spencer supposes all religion to be evolved, and the imposition by Comte of a selection of books to be studied,~ and a new calendar of saints to be reverenced and invoked* is a specimen of Papal assumption on the part of a leader who in his life time waa unrecognised, but who dreamed of swaying races inborn with his convictions and his fancies. Humanity, whatever its possibility in the future may be, and there Mr. Spencer is sufficiently hopeful, is not at present the holy humanity of the Comtists. ''The infinite and eternal energy from which all things proceed will continue to be an object of religious sentiment ; there will survive, after all scientific analysia and ex* planations have done their utmost, the. con sciousness of a mystery that cannot be fathomed and a power that is omni present.' Sir Samuel Biker writes on 'Egypt's Proper Frontier,' with a map defin ing it ; and Mr. Edward Dicey treats of the 'Surrender of Egypt,' both levelled againBt what they call the half -measnret of the present Government. The extraordinary attitude of England in assuming the supreme control over Lower Egypt, but repudiating all connection with tthe Soudan, appears in the worst light to [Sir SamuoL He believes in the resources of the Soudan, and in his idea of the proper frontier he includes ail Nubia and a portion of what in old maps is Abyssinian. A thousand miles ia tbe greatest length, and the breadth varies from three to six hundred. On this territory good government and European capital woold make the supposed desert rejoice and blossom like the rose. One would think India is enough for us to be absolutely responsible for, Mr. Dicey's article U still more bitter against the Gladstone Government, and ho concludes with the reflection that whoever may be tbe Ministers who may Bucoced to the inheritance of the present Government, it is atterly impossible for them to make a greater mess of the whole Egyptian bad ness than Mr. Gladstone has done already. Sir B. A. Cros3, on ' The City of London Livery Companies,' tells us that the report of the Royal Commissioners estimates their income at something under £800,000 and the capital value of their properties at £15,000.000. He writes in defence of the Companies and against the strictures that have been passed upon them. ; Messrs. Gurney and MyenT'oontinne their papers on the [occult in a paper on ' Visible Apparitions,' dealing with phantoms of the living brought into visible shape by the thought of some absent person, to whioh they give the name of telepathy. The anecdotes are! very curious and apparently .? well authenticated. The Rev. J. N. DaltOD, wljo accompanied the Princes as their tutor when they visited Australia, writes % on the Federal States of the world, giving a good deal of valuable information on the con stitution of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Canada, and the United States, We see an offer, or rather Mr. Hoodie's offer, of a South Australian corps of volunteers for the Trans vaal, and the Victorian offer of gunboats for Suakim, and the Canadian offer oflO,00& men at the time of the Turoo-Ruasiap war bracketed together to show th'e loyal spirit of colonists; but yet Mr. John Moxley saya it would be a happy day for the Peace Society that should give the colonies a veto on Imperial war. Mr. Walter S. Sichel writes a literary article on the 'Letters of Heinrich Heine.' the great satirist interpreter of his epoch. Every great revolution is social order is preceded by such a one. Aristophanes, Juvenal, Rabelais, Cervantes, and Voltaire broke the ground for active iconoclasts. When the years 1830, 1840, and 1848 inaugurated the campaign, not yet extinct, for social equality and political rights, there responded the Jewish irony, the Greek culture, and, above all, the German poetry of Heinrich Heine. Heine himself says he did not read Byron, because they were too much akin ; he pre ferred to read what was different. Mr. Sichel says Byron was a stubborn protest against his age ; Heine was its most sen sitive mirror. ' I am positive I have a soul,' he writes to Moser. 'I am doomed to love what is most degraded and most foolish. Imagine how that must pain a man who is proud and very intellec tual.' Our writer considers that his career is the most powerful history of the materialistic movement yet offered to the world. He was intensely German and intensely Jewish, with weak nerves and strong passions ; but what an artist he was ! There is a lack of sym pathy on the part of tho critic which takes from the value of this interesting paper. Mr. Henry George writes in reply to the Duke of Argyll on the 'Reduction to Iniquity,' contending that the iniquity lies on the part of the landowners and not on the part of the land nationalizers. In the Contemporary Mr. Henry Dunckley (Verax) opens with a temperate and timely article on 'Egypt, Europe, and Mr. Glad stone.' The present crisis is too much re garded as one in which only England, Fiance, and Egypt are concerned. But it is a Euro* pean crisis, and involves tho widest issues. It is a crisis which has been long foreseen, though not in the form which it has actually assumed ; it ia tho climax oi the intrigue and international by-play of half a century. It occurs in a form peculiarly advantagoous to England should she have tho strength to re sist the temptations it offers, for France is willing to merge tho rivalry of the two Powers in a European agreement which will give us all we want. ' We might do more, and keep possession of Egypt, reconstruct it according to tho advice so easily given, and stand between the fellaheen and the cour bash' say the Opposition. ' Why should Mr. Gladstone pursue a vacillating half - and - half policy ?' For the simple reason that he was left the legacy of another policy that could not be suddenly abandoned without breaking engagements with other Powers. But he has tried to modify it. He has abstained from every step which might commit us to a permanent occupation of Egypt. He has done everything in his power to maintain the authority of the Khedive. He has resolutely refused to take the Go vernment of Egypt into our hands ; he has sought to create a native army to maintain order when our troops are withdrawn. Hia aim has been to make Egypt strong enough, to stand alone. Even in its partial failure this policy is worthy of admiration. Lord' Beaconsfield and Lord Salisbury would not have failed, for they would not have tried the experiment. The principles on which Mr. Gladstone is acting received the sober approval of a large majority of the nation four years ago. Now, not only his opponents, but a large number of his supporters blame him for not setti ng these principles aside. Mr. Herbert Spencer's paper on the great political superstition 'of tho right Divine of Democratic Parliament to interfere with personal liberty, rights, and consciences,' is well-reasoned, forcible and clear. He repeats and emphasizes his old assertions with regard to the rights of majorities in Joint-stock Companies, in municipalities, and in nations, that the members are bound to submit to the will of the majority in all matters concerning the fulfilment of the objects for which they are incorporated, but in no other. Professor Balfour Stewart gives a specula tion on 'The Visible Universe,' asking whether it is a physical or a spiritual pro duction ? It is somewhat difficult to follow his reasoning, which he fortifies by the great names of Berkley in tho past, by that of James Hunter more recently, and by the researches of ouch psychologists aa Messrs. Gurney and Myers in the Nineteenth Century. Whatever difficulties there may be in the belief in a material unseen there appears to be ten times more in the other hypothesis. Mr. William Westell's artida on the 'Proto-Helvetiana™ gives many particulars, abodt tfceae lake-dwellers which have been -revealed by the recent lowering of the levels -of Lakes fteuchatel and Bienne. He believes in. three ages — an age of stone, an age of toonze preceded by copper, -»nd an ?age of iron— but there are few rained villages of the bronze period. In the -stone period the people were akilfal workers in wood and good boatbuilders. Moat of the hatoheta and chisels found in the older stations are of serpentine, diorite, and ?ct^er indigenous stone, but others are fashioned of Jade, jadite, and chlorome lanite, supposed to be brought from far ?eastern lands. At present jadite come3 only from. Barman, but the hypothesis that these prehistoric people traded with such distant; lands appears untenable. It is more probable that the stones came from nearer home, -though' Professor Max Miiller is of opinion that the first immigrants might have brought -them' from Asia as a part of their industrial ^and warlike outfit. \- Mr, Francis Peek, on 'Official Optimism,' complains of the reports of the Prison Com missioners as misleading. The lighter] penal ?code, the safety-valve of immigration, the -efforts of the Prisoners' Aid. Society, and the ^alleged diminution of drunkenness may ?account for the lessening of the number '?of; convictions and reconvictions without \--any 'corresponding increase- of efficiency in 'the management and the reforming agencies of -the prisons themselves. Mr. Peek is -Chairman of the Howard Society, and a dis ?tinguiahed and: enlightened philanthropist, and -what he says deserves careful attention -as much' in the colonies for our guidance -in box prisons and reformatories as in Eng land. With Earl Kimberley, he laments that 'the- local prisons have been handed over to -the Government and taken quite out of the .hands of the visiting Justices. ° The recom mittals are very numerous, 'and there is not : the right distinction made between: a firat offender and what the Scotch call a ' habit -and repute' criminal. ' The number ot British 'gaols has been reduced from 199 to 109, bus we look in vain for a corresponding reduction in the cost, and this in spite of efforts to swell the apparent earnings of prisoners. Thus in ? last -year's report Stafford Gaol is credited 'with: a profit ol £897 from the co3t f of pumping water for the- gaol by its own treadmill t Liverpool Gaol is said to earn '£301 by pumping its own water! Wandsworth Gaol earns £1,375 by' doing -its own domestic ?cleaning I- Coldbath fields earns £229 by its stotring/and £433 by tearing up and sorting U)ld papers !; *-: '-? ?'???? ??'? ;i; ?-? ?'? ?' ''- ? -' Profes3br'Mahaffy writes on 'Untrodden -Italy, the Sifo Forest'*- - Almost no travellers 'visit Calabria, : which ia at the toe of the -Italian boot, and he saya that these regions ?are as romantic as Greece, and less dangerous *«ad expensive } to go ' through. He diverges ?into polities, orrather into political economy, fortheKiDgdom of Naplea is a notable ex rample of the ?a-«/an-Ka which ruined .Rome. -asjwell as of the absentee proprietors of 'modern days,1 who ? never look at their 'estate^ but spend their rents, and leave the management to greedy and unscrupu lous factors or middlemen. Mr. James ^Jabitt' treats of 'Wren's Work and its -LeaBonsi' regarding him as the great example 4}f a' modern architect, who could be original '?and yet thoroughly national. Mr. John -Slagg, M.P., writes a vigorous article on '^'Parliament and the Foreign Policy of 'India,' following up his paper of February «s to the advisability of having a Standing ?Committee of the House of Commons sub ?Stituted for the Indian Council for the Go vernment of India. M. Monod's ' Contem porary Life and Thought in France,' and Misa Wedgwood's 'Beview of Current Fic tion,' are especially good. In the FortnigMg. Sir Julian Goldsmid opens with an article on ' England and the Conference.' The centre of European poli tical interest has been for some years out of Europe. The .land of the Pharaohs has deeply affected England and France by energetic interference in Asia and Africa has distracted the attention of her mobile and sensitive people from home aftairs. The European Conference is ostensibly financial, tint really political. The legacy which was .bequeathed by the Conservative Government has been fruitful of embarrassment to the 'liberal' Ministry. Much has taken place since the financial arrangement called the Loan' of Liquidation, and it is no longer binding. Money lent at 10 to 13 per cent, showed how insecure the creditors felt,- and it was not fair to ap point two bailiffs to take possession in the shape of dual control to carry out such bar ?gainB. Even the borrowing of eight millions 'at 4 per cent, on England's guarantee' is un Tvise ;? Egypt cannot pay 4 per cent, on all her ^present debt. Sir Julian1 is of opinion that the proposal to evacuate in 1888' is unwise, TEnglarid must keep her suzerainty for an in definite time, though he thoroughly approves of limiting our efforts to Lower Egypt, and endorses Mr. Gladstone's policy.- The' sum- mary of home and foreign affairs at the end is 'confident that : Egypt may now be con aideied a strength rather than a weakness to the Gladstone Ministry. While England 'does not budge an inch from the fiduciary ; attitude she assumed, the, Egyptian question '? is by the Conference admitted to be a matter ; of European concern. The1 favourable com ments of the foreign Press, and above all the singularly able,' acute, and. generous speech of M. Jules Ferry in the French Chamber shows the state' of feeling on the subjsct abroad. ' '.', ' . ' Mr. T. Gibson Bowles on' Newspapers' 'shows that society journalism is not1 a new ?departure, but that -personal -gossip and scandal of a much coarser character than the present was the subject-matter of the early newspaper^ It is a little difficult to define a newspaper accurately for Post- Office regu lations. ? This we 'colonial people feel when we are charged 5d. extra for 'a little'- penny paper which has a penny stamp on it, 4d. being the invariable fine and a penny the deficient postage. We should be glad to see the fine graded to the value or to the deficiency. Mr. Bowles from large experience xjbjects to the cblourin's for partypurposes of the news, for the whole : staff of a paper ia, as 'a rule, engaged in presenting things on behalf of a certain cla3Si 'party, or coterie. The newspapers of the future, he thinks, should separate the news from the opinions. Great Is the power 'of the -Press, yet it has ' its limitations. No journal; nor any number of journals, can withstand a popular cry ?when it h3S ' been rateed; but it can' help to create it;or to: swell it. Pressmen are not made peers or baronets or knighted ; they are :not unofficially courted;' but they ; are privately coaxed,- sometimes even ab jectly, entreated.- ? ': :3 ??'''?' ;1 ' ' : ; The Bishop .of Gibraltar writes on ' The English Church on the Contineht.'n It is'not : a proselytizing Church, arid only exists* for j British residents; but yet there are 100 con-; ?gjegations-m' Northern Europe, under the ? jurisdiction of the Bishop of London, %nd 70 In Southern Europe,' under the Bishop of ; Gibraltar. The pastoral charge at Paris, 'Rome, or Cannes is* more important 'than that of an English pariah, 'but. the Bi3hop complains that the incumbents are out of the ?way of promotion. In most' cases we should : suppose the clergy go abroad for the sake of climate.' - -; ,???'?? ? -: ?-''.-???) .-. ?. . '_The Duke of Marlborough,- who used to contribute to this magazine as Marquis of ? BIamdford,! writes 'On the Gross Benches.' The 'present period w-cfiticaL ; If it ?come3 to pass that a Radical party should preach rapine, arid' a' Tory party-should' try to buy offits persecutors with State socialism, the body of ? independent' electors who belongto neither party, may' save us. The Duke see? safety m the -old Whig party supposed to be: defunct.'whoare animated by the love of empure,;the love of freedom, and the loveof class. He ;haa hope, too, in a reformed House of LordsvjThe danger at present is that the Upper Chamber is con 'ducted in the spirit of an exclusive Tory oligarchy in a - generation of advancing Liberalism. It is not the business of the House of Lords to join battle as advised by enthusiastic Tories with the English electo rate. Nor need it retire in disorder at the first gun nnlimbered against it from the Radical camp. 'A Message from General Gordon, edited from unpublished papers by Mr. W. H. Mallock,' is the next article. Gordon did not expect to return alive, and therefore some interest should be felt Ca their selec tions. His religious temper is one of inteh-1 sity and exaltation of. spiritual feeling; he* uses language often heard from the pulpit,1 but not as mere metaphors. To him they have ' a meaning as literal as Dante's 'Inferno.'! He shows some affinity with the Catholic' Church in the importance he attributes to baptism and the Eucharist. Ha holds a sort of doctrine of transabstantaation fanciful enough, as are also his ideas as to Adam and the Fall. Bat to those who allege that modern Christianity is a civilized heathenism these fragments show that to one man at least it is a living spiritual power. Mr. Bernard H. Becker writes on ' Game and Gamesteis,' a subject which the notori ous Park Club case and M. Jules Ferry's proceedings with regard to the gambling tables at Monte Carlo have invested with peculiar interest. There was a lull between the Crockford period and the present or Baccarat era. The law suppressing public gamblin.qt-houses had much to do with it, but during the lull there was a great deal more betting on the turf. It is a question for us to consider, if the legal suppression of betting at race3 and on the totalizator will cause exUa gambling else where. Tho3e whe are determined to gamble will gamble at home or abroad, but the aim' of}{legislation ought to be to .'present fewer temptations to the ignorant and the unwary. In all games played with a Bank there is a distinct advantage to the banker. This is a grave paragraph not intended to apply to the financial banker, though no doubt it is true as to him also, or he would have to shut up shop. It is eaid that the Monte Carlo Bank must play. fair because the eyes of the greatest scoundrels in Europe are bent on the dealers ; but Mr. Becker says that no one kuosvs what those skilled in legerdemain can do, and never could they turn their skill to such profit as on this board of green cloth. The coolness . of the professional gamester, too, gives him an advantage. Professionals and quasi-professionals prepare for a night's work by dining early, taking a good sleep, are roused at 12, bath and dress, and are fresh to cope with men who have been dining late, and at the theatre or other excitement afterwards. . Mr. W. C. Cartwright, M P., defends the; Congo Treaty from the allegations of the! Anti-Slavery Society and the Baptist mission aries. The Rev. Malcolm HcColl, onvtae Princess Alice's letters, tries to say what has ? not been said before, which is not very. easy. \- The monthly review of finance shows a most gleomy outlook. The crisis is. more severe than that which followed the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank, and is more, like that of 1866. The very cheapness of money is a symptom that distrust lias spread through every department of trade. The mercantile firm, whose credit is unimpeach able, can get its bills done at 1£ per cent, per annum ; while the house, whose standing is called in question, can find no one to trust it : on any terms. The general feelin? is ' O, j that the crash would come, and let us khow; where we stand.' : \ 