IHE Wanm,-^ [The Indians too qaenoe nov-er waendsd thei.]* "r""»104 urey Much* of toe Upper rtr, There* sunshtoeonthy uoteak w^n. Aorownupoa toy torahead here. ^ A flsto upon thy wuheifs&s;, 1 ^ A rsinbow glory In ton cloud Upon thine awtol summit bovod The radiant ghost of a dead storm! And musto Iran toe tody shroud Which ntrtlwb Horn toy giant torn, Mellowed Mid softened from toove. Steals downward to toelowiead esr Sweet at the fia* food dresn of love That melts upon the maiden's tar. the time has been, white giant, when Thy shadows veiled the red meal home. And over oreg and eerpeatfien, And wild gorge where the steps of nun In chase or battle might not come, The mountain eagle bore on high The emblem o! the free of soul, And, midway tn the fearful Ay, Sent back the Indian battle-cry, And answered to the thunder's roQ. The wigwam fires bare all burned out, The mocassin has left no trade; Nor wolf nor panther roams shout The Saco and the Merrimack, And thou that lifteet tip on high Thy mighty barriers to the sky, Are not the haunted mound of old, Where On each crag of blurted stone Some dreadful spirit found his throne. And hid within the thick cloud fold, Beard only in the thunder's crash, Seen only in the .lightning's flash, When orumplcd rook and riven branch Went down before the avalanche t No more tost spirit moveto there; The dwellers of the vale are dead; No hunter's arrow cleaves the air; No dry leaf rustles to his tresd. The pale-face climbs thy tallest rock, Bis hands thy crystal gates unlock; From steep to steep his maidens call, Light laughing, like the streams that fcj In music down toy rooky wall, And only when their careless tread Imvs bare an Indian arrow-head, Spent and forgetful of toe deer. Think of the race that perished here. Oh, sacred to the Indian seer. Grey altar of toe men of old '. Not vainly to the listening ear The legends of toy past are told Talcs of the downward sweeping flood, When bowed like reeds thy ancient wood; Of artndd hands, and spectral forms; Of giants in their leafy shroud, And voices calling long and bud In the dread pauses of toy storms. For still within their caverned home Dwell the strange gods of heathendom 