SPORTING NOTES. fBr Trumpatob.] The Port Augusta Meeting on the 15th and 16th is now fairly before the public, Mr. Wilson having issued the weights on Monday lost, As for as can be judged from present, appearances, the fields should be good all through the meeting, as the homes engaged belong to the moderate class. There is no really good animal standing out to si>oil the ' handicaps, and as faros I can see Mr. Wilson has done his part of the work well. In the Hurdle Race Charcoal heads the list at U st, and after his late running he reads as well as anythiBg in the race. Acrobat at 10 st. 7 lb. labours under the suspicion of unsoundness, but he is one of those horses that require little or no work, and McNamara may be able to get him to the post well enough to run a fair race. Freedom was very short of work at , the Birthday Meeting, and may be expected to improve a bit by next month, but he is a long way past the age when horses are at their best. Jerry Sneak is a great horse in the North, and the way he quilted \- Mesalliance at Carrieton is strongly sugges tive of his possessing some form, but it is difficult to arrive at the worth of up-country performers, and I do not care to express any positive opinion as to the old grey's chance in this company. Fictitious will probably run in the Cup, more especially as Mr. McDonald possesses a couple of useful candidates in Lord of Clyde and Abbot. The latter would be a moral in his old form, and if the stable send him for this instead of. the Steeplechase he is sure to play a prominent part in the race. Of the others Vistula is a very promis . ing colt,'but the hard work horses which go into Mr. Harslett'a hands are subjected to is not calculated to suit a youngster, and it is quite possible that Vistula will never run as well as he would have done had he been care fully treated. In the Flying Handicap, Shylock, The Lawn, Rachel, Black and-Wnite, and All Smoke are gifted with some pace, and the top weight has none the worst of the handi cap, but as he has gone out of Hill's hands his condition may not be as good as it was last month. Convent heads the list in the Port Augusta Cup at 8 st/7 lb., butshe ran very moderately in all her races last month, and I am surprised at her being called upon to fill the post of honour. Shylock cannot get the distance, but Belmont was once capable of winning in very superior company to this, and at 8 st 2 lb. he would be a moral in his old form. Exile, the Qnkapafinga winner, is a really good little horse, and he added to Ins reputation list week by winning under such weights as 9 st 3 lb. and 10 st. 6 lb. At 7 st 12 lb. he will have plenty of friends to support his chance of winning in thiB field. Fictitious is a very disappointing mare, but I muBt once more range myself on her side, as she is most temptingly treated at 7 st. 8 lb. None of those lower .down strike me as-likely to threaten danger, and I think it very likely that the places will be filled by Fictitous, Exile, and Belmont. The Flinders Handicap is almost a repeti tion of the Cup, and the latter race will give some idea of the result, though nohorse has yet succeeded in landing the double. Sham rock has received 11 st. in the Steeplechase, but unless Abbot improves upon his perform ance in public I see no reason why Monro's horse should not win. Particulars of the Laura and Petersburg Races will be found in another column. At Laura the course seems to have been reduced to a very sorry condition by the heavy rains which fell during the week, and there were no less than four falls on the flat during the day. Tancred reappeared in the Hurdle Race after a spell of six months, but he could not pace with Robert the Devil, who won easily. Seeing that the pony was carrying 11 st through the mud his defeat is not to be wondered at. Glencoe beat nine opponents in the Maiden Plate, and 1 suppose his sire, Defiance, is the horse of that name that the late Mr. A. S. Murray raced some years ago. The large sum of £600 was refused for' De fiance as a two-year-old, bnt he did not turn out well, though a very fine-looking colt. Mystery won the Laura Handicap from six very moderate animals, but it seems he has been protested against on the ground of informal entry. If the grounds of objection are as stated to me. there is very little chance of the judges' decision being reversed. That very nice little horse Vis tula was too good for Tancred in the Amateur Hurdle Race, and Sancho reversed the handicap running by giving weight and a beating to Neptune in the Town Plate. Mr. Ferry sent Joskin all the way to Petersburg for the Maiden Plate, and was rewarded for his enterprise, the Countryman colt winning. Jerry sneak conceded 26 lb. to old Jacks the Lad in the Hurdle Race, but as the black has quite lost his form, his defeat by Jerry Sneak gives no idea as to the latter's worth. Exile made a show of the lot which opposed him in the handicaps, winning one with 9 Bt. 3 lb. on his, and the other under 10 st. G lb. His old opponent, Algetha, was in the first race, but she failed to run into a place, and was beaten again in the Consolation Stakes. As Monday is a holiday, the Adelaide Racing'Club have determined upon holding a small meeting on the Old Course. Of the five races advertised, two have selling condi tions attached, and the added money for the day only amounts to £125. Nominations close at noon on Saturday. The Bracelet Meeting at Caulfield on Saturday was a great success in every way. Backers began well by making Merri favou rite for the Hurdle Race, which he won easily, and they were again on the spot in the Victoria Gold Cup, as Fickle, ridden by Mr. Glasscock, was the only horse that went straight. The very large field of thirty - one went to the post for the Bracelet, and St. Laurence was made favourite at 5 to 1. The son of Glorious disap pointed the stable again, however, and the race fell to The Ghost, while Mr. Pearson, whose luck has been dead out. for some time, ran second with Primus. The Ghost must not be confounded with the South Australian bred horse of that name, which won this identical race last year, ana has since gone to India. The Ballarat horse Fame, whose advent has been looked forward to for so long, was among the starters for the Steeple chase, and, with Corrigan in the saddle, he started at 2 to 1, but the popular cross country rider is out of luck juBt now, and -Fame ran badly. The winner, Stampede, is a useful eort of horse, and so is Fickle; but Australian Court, who has gone into Jones's stable agaiD. must be one of the most costly purchases Mr. Weeks ever made, for he has not won a race since Mr. A. H. Pegler sold him for 500 guineas. Primus was made favourite for the Richmond Handicao; but he had to put up with second place, the smart but very uncertain Black Diamond taking it into his head to race when un backed, after having cost his owner a lot of money through refusing to try when heavily supported. Lesbia fell in this race, and her rider (Burton) wvs very badly hurt. At a race meeting held in Western Aus tralia at the end of last mouth the well known New South Wales horses Cynic and Kinsman were running, and the former was quite the hero of the meeting. Cynic will be remembered bb having been an occupant of Foulsham's stable for some time, and I know the trainer of Malua still con siders he was a good horse although an unlu.ky one. Cynic won the Roe burn Plate and the Queen's Plate for his present owner, Mr. McRae. who also scored at the meeting with Two of Hearts. Portia, Apparition, and Teheran. Two of Hearts is by Tubal Cain, and was bred by Mr. Samuel Gardner at Bundoora Park, while Teheran is a son of Fryingpan's sire, Bethnal Green. Mr. McRae appears to be the largest owner in the. western colony, and his horses do him credit. The first Waterloo Cup was run off last week, and at the finish victory rested with the local bitch, Lady^a rank outsider on the night of the draw. Rob Roy McGregor, the favourite, ran rings round his first two oppo nents; but when he met Jubilee there was a different tale to tell, the big Derby winner being outpaced from the jump. There were a number of wire fences about, and it is quite possible that Rob Roy got knocked about on Thursday, and was too sore to do himself justice. Of the other favourites, Honor Bright, Feltrim Fay, Mail News, and Miss Rosy all went down in the first round, and one or two layers who had a book on the event must have had cause to congratulate themselves upon a trifling profit at the end of the meeting. Mr. Pritchard, who is a farmer living near Port Gawler, strange to say, possesses only the one greyhound, and Lady has proved a little gold-mine to him, this being the second good stake she has won. Her sire, Tumbler, is the property of Mr. Thomas Irish, on whose property the late Waterloo was decided, and ner dam, Alice, was imported by Mr. Fred West I am told that Lady originally cost Mr. Pritchard the modest sum of one sovereign, but whether this story fa strictly correct or not I cannot say. Lady is to be painted in oils by Mr. Woodbouse, and the portrait Iiresented to Mr. Pritchard, who will doubt ess appreciate the likenesB of his much prized little bitch. While on the subject of coursing it may not be out of place to refer to the Victorian Waterloo, the most important greyhound event in Australia. This Stake will be run off at Plympton on July 16, and following days. Coursing men throughout the colonies are already preparing for the contest, and we shall soon near of some betting transactions in connection with the event. In reading accounts of English coursing, we continually hear of the finessing which goes on in connec tion with popular favourites about which large sums of money are wanted. To get on at a good price it is necessary that the Ring should be blinded aa to whose nomination the dog to be backed wi 1 represent, and some rather discreditable transactions have several times been noted where a great public fancy has been in the hands of sharp ana greedy members of the coursing fra ternity. In Adelaide there has been very little of this sort of thing in the past, but the colonial doggy men are gradually be coming educated to the English standard of excellence, if we may trust the following re marks made in the Leader concerning last vauv'o wtnMAi* Plin^onfhn • '• Piini/Mnhr *a year's winner, Rhodanthe:—"Curiosity is already rife respecting the destination of some of the probable favourites, and if curiosity is centred in one animal more than another that animal is Rhodanthe. Every body is anxious to know the nomination she is likely to till, but until the money is got on in the same clever manner as last year I pre sume that the public generally will be left pretty much to their own resources. This is not as it should be with a popular greyhound like Rhodanthe, and as Mr. Wagner evidently intends to ran her, she having been in train ing all the season, it is greatly to be regretted that he did not apply for a nomination. Rhodanthe Whoever runs Rhodanthe will, or at any rate sbonld, have to account for their conduct when next year's nominations are allotted;' and in the absence of a satisfactory explana tion, the committee will no doubt feel them selves in duty bound to act in the same manner as did the English authorities with respect to a certain prominent courser and owner of a Waterloo Cup winner about eight years ago." 