YOUR PEDIGREE. [By the Bev. T. De Witt Taihage, D.D.] 'Whose son art than, tbon young man/'' — 1 Samuel, xvii , 68. Never was there a more unequal fight than that between David and Goliath. David five feet nigh ; Goliath ten. Davjd a shepherd boy, brought up amid rural scenes ; Goliath a \- warrior by profession. Goliath a mountain of braggadocio ; David a marvel of humility. Goliath armed with an iron spear; David armed with a sling with smooth stones from the brook. But you are not to despise these latter weapons. There was a regiment of aUngen in the Assyrian army and a regiment of (lingers in the Egyptian army, and they made terrible execution, and they could cast a stone with as much accuracy and force as now can be burled shot or shell. The Greeks \- in their army had slingers who oould throw leaden plummets inscribed with the irritating words, 'Take this!' So it was a mighty weapon David employed in that famous combat. A Jewish rabbi says that the pro bability is that Goliath was in such contempt for David that in a paroxysm of laughter he threw his head back and his helmet fell off and David saw the uncovered forehead, and his opportunity had come, and taking his sling and swinging it around his head tiro or three times and aiming at that uncovered forehead, crashed it in like an egg-shell. The battle over, behold the tableau :— King Saul sitting, little David standing, his fingers clutched into the hair of decapitated Goliath. As Saul sees David standing there holding ia his hand the ghastly, reeking, staring trophy, evidence of the complete victory over God's enemies, the king wonders what parentage was honored by such heroism, and in my text he asks David his pedigree — ' Whose son art thou, thou young man?' ' The king saw, what you and I see, that this question of heredity is a mighty question. The longer I live the more I believe in blood— good blood, bad blood, proud blood, humble blood, honest blood, thieving blood, herioc blood, cowardly blood. The tendency may skip a generation or two, but it is sure to come out, as in a. little child you sometimes see a similarity to a great grandfather whose picture hangs on the wall. That the physical and mental and moral qualities are inheritable is patent to any one who keeps his eyes open. The similarity is so striking sometimes as to be amusing. Great families, regal or literary are apt to have the characteristics all down through the generation, and what is more perceptible in euch families may be seen on a smaller scale in all families. A- thousand years have no power to obliterate the difference. The large lip of the House of Austria is seen in all ttie generations, and is called the Hapsburg lip. The House of Stuart always means iu all generations cruelty and bigotry and sen suality. Witness Queen of Ssota. Witness Charles L and Charles II. Witness James L and James IL, and all the others of that imperial line. Scottish blood means persistence, English blood means reverence for the ancient, Welsh blood means religiosity, Danish blood means fond ness for the sea, Indian blood means roaming disposition, Celtic blood means fervidity, Boman blood means conquest, The Jewish facility for accumulation you may trace clear back to Abraham, of whom the Bible says 'be was rich in silver and gold and cattle,' and to Isaac and Jacob, who had the same characteristics. Some families are charac terised by longevity, and they have a tenacity of life positively Methusalish. Others are characterised by Goliatbian stature, and you caneee it for one generation, two generations, five generations, in all the generations. Vigorous theology runs down in the line of the Alexanders. Tragedy runs on in the family of the Kembles. literature runs on in the line of the Trollopes. Philanthropy runs on in the line of the Wilberforces. Statesmanship runs on in the line of the Adamses. You see these peculiarities in all the generations^ Henry and Catherine, of Navarre, religion?, all their families religious. The celebrated family of the Oassini all mathematicians. The celebrated family of the Medici— grandfather, son, and Catherine — all remarkable for keen intellect. The celebrated family of Gustavus Adolphtu all warriors. This law of heredity asserts itself without reference to social or political condition, for you sometimes find the ignoble in high place sod the honorable in obscure place. A des cendant of Edward L a toll gatherer. A des cendant of Edward DX a doorkeeper. A descendant of the Duke of Northumberland atnmkmaker. Some of the mightiest fami lies of England are extinct, while some ot those most nonored in the peerage go back to an ancestry of hard knuckles and rough ex terior. This law of heredity is entirely indepen dent of social or political conditions ; for you find avarice and jealousy and sensuality and fraud having full swing in some families. The violent temper of Frederick William is an inheritance from Frederick the Great. It is not a theory founded by worldly philosophy, but by Divine authority. Do you not re member how the Bible speaks of a chosen generation, of the generation of the right- eous, of the generation of vipers, of an untoward generation, of a stubborn genera tion, of the iniquity of the fathers visited npoD the children unto the third and fourth generation? So that the text comes to-day with tie force of a projectile hurle* f-om mightiest catapult, 'Whose son art thou. S™ 5;«w»B »«» ?* ' Well,' says some one! 'that theory discharges me from all responsi bility. Born of sanctified parents, we are bound to be good, and we cannot help our selves. -Born of unrighteous parentage, we are bound to be evil, and we cannot help our selves. Two inaccuracies. As much as if yOU should say, 'The centrifugal force in nature has a tendency to throw out every thing to the periphery, and therefore everything will go out to the periphery.' You know as well as I know, that you can make the centripetal force overcome the cen trifugal, and you can make the centrifugal overcome the centripetal. As when there is a mighty tide of good in a family that may be overcome by determination to evil, as in the case of Aaron Burr, the libertine, who had for father President Burr, the conse crated ; as in the case of Pierrepont Edwards, the scourge of New York society seventy years ago, who had a Christian ancestory ; while, on the other hand, some of the best men and women of this day are those who bave come of an ancestory of which it would not be courteous to speak in their presence. The practical and useful object of this sermon is to show to you that if you have come of a Christian ancestry, then you are solemnly bound to preserve and develop the glorious inheritance; or if you have come of a de praved ancestry, then it is your duty to brace yourself against the evil tendency by all prayer and Christian determination, and you are to find out what are the family frailties, and in arming the castle put the strongest guard at the weakest gate. With these smooth stones from the brook I hope to strike you, not where David struck Goliath, in the head, but where Nathan struck David— in the heart. ' Whose son art thou, thou young man?' I want to arouse the most sacred memories of your heart while I make the im- passioned Interrogatory in regard to your pedi gree. 'Whose son art thou,thou young man?' First, I accost all those who are descended of a Christian ancestry. I do not ask if your parents were perfect. There are no perfect people now, and I do not suppose there were any perfect people then. Perhaps there was sometimes too much blood in their eye when they chastised you. But from what I know of you, you got no more than you deserved, and perhaps a little more chastisement would have been salutary. But you are willing to acknowledge, I think, that they wanted to do right. From what sou overheard in conver sations, and from whatyou saw at the family altar and at neighborhood obsequies, you know that they had invited God into their heart and life. There was something that sustained these old people supematurally. You have no doubt about their destiny. You expect if you ever .get to heaven to meet them, as you expect to meet the Lord Jesus Christ. That early association has been a charm for you. There was a time when you got right up from a house of iniquity aud walked out into the fresh air because you thought your mother was looking at you. Yon have never been very happy in sin, be cause of a sweet old face that would present itself. Tremulous voices from the past ac costed you until they were seemingly audible, and you looked around to see who spoke. There was an estate not mentioned in the last will and testament, a vast estate of prayer and holy example and Christian entreaty and glorious memory. The survivors of the family gathered to hear the will read, and this was to be kept trad that was to be sold, and it was 'share and share alike.' But there was an unwritten will that read some thing like this : ' In the name of God, Amen. I, being of sound mind, bequeath to my children all my prayers for their salvation ; I bequeath to them all the results of a lifetime's toil; I bequeath to them the Christian reli gion which has been so much comfort to me, and I hope may be a solace for them ; I be queath to them a hope of reunion when the partings of life are over. 'Share and share alike,' may they inherit eternal riches. I bequeath to them the wish that they may avoid my errors and copy anything that may have been worthy. In the name of the God who made me, and the Christ who redeemed me, and the Holy Ghost who sanctifies me, I make this my last will and testament. Witness all you hosts of heaven. Witness time, witness eternity. Signed, sealed, and delivered in this our dying hour. Father and Mother.' You did not get that will proved at the surrogate's office, but I take it out to day and I read it to you ; I take it out of the alcoves of your heart. I shake the dust off of it, and I ask if you will accept that inheritance, or will yon break the will ? ( To b$ concluded in our next, ) 