TURF T0PIC3 AND ANTICIPATIONS. By AauoDKO?. What with tbo great canine tournauont at the Oval— tho annual "battle of the doge," the intercolonial pigeon shooting competition at Brighton and tho Grand National jumping carnival at Fiomington, last week was wholly devoted to aport ; and any foreigner that might havo chanced to bo in Meibourno must have been forcibly impressed with tho Victorian penchant for outdoor pastimes in general, that of stcoplc- chasing, coursing and pigoon shooting in par ticular. For onco in a way tho popular gamo of football had to rest contented with a back scat, tho well known thud of tho lcathorn sphero being for tbo timo lost in tho Babol of horses, grey hound:! and pigeons. Tbero was sport indcod. Of tho doggy mon and thoir Watorloo Cup doings, as well as thoso of the knights of tbo trigger, duo notico has been taken clsowkoro, and as it behoves ovoryono to stick to bis last I shall hero content myself bynoticing thcsaliontfcaturcs which characterised last Saturday's proceedings at Fiomington. Tho woatker was so lino, tbo attcndanco so largo and tho sport so good that the now Governor and Lady Loch, both of whom took a koon interest in tho affairs of tho day, must havo boon favorably impressed with thoir initial experiences at tbo head quarters of tho Victorian turf. Among other strangers who ap peared to duly approcialo tho oxcellcnco of tbo wholo nrrangomonts woro Colonol Williams, tho Indian remount agent, and Mr, W. Kobinson, ono of tbo loading horso owners and patrons of tho Now Zealand turf, now on a visit to Victoria. A moro than ordinarily good Gold of maidons cssayod to open tho £ nn in tho Hurdle Itaco, for which Hazard had boon put about as such a good thing for some waoks ptoviously that Batty'a ap pearance in tlio pigskin was tho signal for a general rusb, and very short odds wero obtainable about Mr. Sullivan's geld ing beforo ho loft tho paddock. Stafford was the next in demand, whilo comparatively outside prices were obtainablo about Tbo Ghost, Lady Toozlo and Gasalicr. Hazard and Gasalier had matters pretty much to themselves throughout, and considerable surprise was manifested when tho latter leisurely drew away from tho favorite after negotiating tho hist fenco, and scored tho best timo on record in a maiden hurdle race at Flemington. Mr. W. Pearson had a tolerably good opinion of his mare's capabilities, and throw in for tho nico stake of £000 sovs. at a very fair price, Gasalior'B performance was a very fine one, and the well bred daughter of Vetoran and Gasoline promises with age to blossom into tho first flight of hurdle racers. In fact her breeding is good enough to gain for her distinction on tho flat. Hor dam, Gasoline, is out of tho famous Sir Hercules maro Gaslight, dam of Fireworks, Gasworks, Lamplighter, Il lumination and Linkboy, On the sire's sido she inherits equally. illustrious lines, Veteran boing by Maribyrnong from Days of Tore, a daughter of Days of Old, dam of Fitz-Yattcndon, Emerald, Patriarch and Hoso of Australia. This is a podigreo which would be moro suitably as sociated with winners of -Maribyrnong Plates, Derbies, Lcgers and Melbourne Cups rather than with the lessor prestige attached to Maiden Hurdle races. No wonder, tbon, that Gasalier mado such an exhibition of her fioldlastSaturday, The display of form in the Maiden Steeplechase was not nearly so good as in the preceding race, and what with the imperfect education of the majority . of the contestants and tho bung ling on the part of the riders, the contest oventuated, in a' -Every queer termination. Tho incidental mistakes wero commonplaca onongh till llobin Hood, Eulkyno and Goodwood simultaneously brcastod tho last foncc but ono, where tho last named pair came to grief, thereby leaving tbo roan master of the situation. Malono, however, steered an erroneous courso, by which ho must have 'lost fully 300 yards, but even tho concession of this adrantago to his field did not dbterhimfromrightinghimself and sailing into tho straight alone, shortly tobopursued by theMarquis ofWatorford and Kingston.- llobin Hood appeared to have the race entirely at his mercy a hundred yards from home where Kingston came with a tre mendous run, and, catching Malono napping on BobinHood, gave him tho go by. TfaiB was a most exciting finish to an otherwisa peculiar exhibi tion of stceplechasing, and thoso who witnessed the race, will not readily forget tho bungling which occurred during tho lost half milo of the journey. Goodwood and Kulkyno were going in Buporior form to anything prior to coming to grief two fences from homo, and both will no doubt be hereafter heard of in connection with tho jumping business. Mr. W. Glasscock on' Don Quixoto and Mr. J. 0. Inglis on Sundowner moro than held their own against tho professionals in tho Grand National Hurdlo Iiuco, and the victory of the first named in tho popnlar "inagpio" colors of Mr. D. S. Wallace was ono of the foaturesof tho day. Kingwood ran a great horso under tho weight, while both The Jokorand Ontario would douktloss have boon more prominent at tho finish had they not mot with accidents. It remained for tho Grand National Steoploohaso to' furnish tho most interesting finish of the day, and tho wind up between Chippenham, Friendless and Moon light . was . a spcctaclo that does not frequently occur in connection with jump ing contests. It was a enso of heads and tails at a hundred yards from home, after which Friendless gained a percoptiblo advantage ; bnt Batty appearing to be moro exhausted than his horse he failed to sustain tho effort, and it was left for Chippenham, who finished with all that gamcness so characteristic of tho Panic family, to achiove a wall earned victory in tho last fov strides. The veteran grey has now won three races in succession, representing stakes of six times the valao of tho 117 sovs. Mr. W. Neiil gave for him samo timo ago. Cripps is deserving of overy credit for tho auporb fottlo in which ho turned out the winner, whose condition alono brought him home. Fame added another link to tho long chain ofrcvcrscswhichhaverocentlydog god tho footsteps of Corrigan's followers, and so badly did tbo favorite become entangled in tbo first ferfce of tbo donblo tbat fears were at ono timo entertained for tbo safety of both rider and horso. Eventually, both woro extricated from their perilous position, though too late to tako further part iu tho contest. After Prospect had won the Soiling Haco and changed hands, a very enjoyable aftcrnoon'sprogrammc was brought to a jhmlc by Bonnio Boo winning tho Flat Hace, and landing a good stako at liberal odds for thoso in possession of tho secret. Too Too, Hcgulator, Duenna and Ironmaster were all well supported, hub their respective positions ncvor raisod the hopes of their backers at any part of tho race. After tho settling on tho Grand National meet ing was over on Monday a brisk business tran spired on tho forthcoming events of tho Spring. Tho stylo in which Bonnio Boo had disposod of his field in tho Flat Itaco on Saturday brought him into prominence, and ho was supported for tho Hawko3bury Handicap to win a large stako ; a fow shots boing also taken about bis Molbourne Cup cbancc. Maronoy is a favorite start with hackers of tho double, Caulfiold Cup and Mol- bourno Cup, and in conjunction with Tremando for tbo lattor ovent £10,000 was got on at 600 to 1\. For tho V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cap, Bargo was associated with his stablo companions Martini-Henry, Despot and Tremando, as also with Wallangra and Skipper to win various amounts at 250 to 1. I mentioned a fortnight back that thero was an evident desiro to support Tho Drokcr for tho V.R.C. donblo, and about £5000 was got on at 50 to 1 ; 7000 to 140 was accepted about Skipper right out for tho Mol- bonrno Cup, and an infinity of doubles, in which Garfield, l'hil Athol and King of tho GipEies woro couplod with "good goods" for tho .Cup, woro pencilled at 1000's to 5 to 3. On Wednca- Lo Grand came into tho market for tho Meibourno Cup, and a terrible rush was made npon Garfield and tho champion winnor for tho donblo, Mel bourne Derby and Cup. Sportsmen of ail grades who visited tho Oval last week wore gratified by seeing Mr. Robert Chirnsido onco more up and doing, tho victory of tbo young squiro of Wcrribeo .with his dog Melfort in tho Waterloo Cap being tho signal for sincere congratulations on all sides. It will bo remembered that whilst riding in an amateur raco at Warrnambool last April Mr. Chirnsido collidod with a post, and sus tained a compound fractnro of tho loft log. As Mr. Chirnsido held a policy in tho Now Zealand Accident Assurance Company for £1000, application was mado for tho amount, but as tho company arc stated to havo repudiated tho -liability— on tho ground that tho assurance docs not cover accidents arising from riding in a raco— it is probable the matter will be fought out in tho law courts. The gontloman; who races under tho nom He guerre of W. Noil has experienced a largo Bharo of Fortune's favors since his advent on tho turf, and his and similar successes would almost lead ono to tho belief that horso racing is liko tho Chinese gamo of pak-a-pu, ut which a new beginner invariably wins. Mr. Noil's latest achievement hnsbcen winning a quadruploatDen- iliquin with that speedy but most unreliable colt Tiohborno (Countryman— Bridal Wreath), who, whilst in Mr. S, G. Cook's stable at Fiomington, showed extraordinary paco on tho training ground, hut displayed a villainous temper when tho colors woro up. Mr. Neil has since dis posed of him for £150. Tho Messrs. Cripps havo evidently a penchant for grey jumping horses, for after having Hail storm and Chippenham ia their stablo— with each of which, by tho way, they tastod tho sweets of victory— I find Mr. W. Cripps roturnod as tho purchaser of another of the same color— tho Marquis of Waterford—for tho sum of 130 guineas. Will ho repoat old' Chippenham's per formance with him ? Quicn sale? Ho may bo able to administer a staying ball to him. "Tho young leaves shoot, the sere leaves fall, and the old giveth plaeo to tbo now." So wroto Adam Lindsay Gordon, and hence wo must not he astonished to' find tho samo rule applying to stccploehaso jockeys, KildulTs victories in tho Y.R.C, Grand National Steeplechase two years in succession— on Blackthorn and Chippenham— wero each splendid exhibitions of cross .country horseman ship; and as "my gentle public" (as Johnny Fawkner delighted to dub them) are not slow to appreciate talent, it is not too mach to prophesy that never again will KildulTs mount bo allowed to start at snch outside prices as were obtainablo about tho animals he bestrode in tho two last Grand Nationals. A director of tho defouct Electric Totalisator Company Limited, which carried on its operations in Bourke-street, was prosecuted on Tuesday at tho District Court, by Matthew Wilkes, for hav ing, as chairman of tbo company, neglected to comply with the provisions of tho Companies Act 1861, which, by its 21th section, ordered a certain list and summary relating to tho com pany to bo forwarded to the Registrar-General. The penalty claimed was £5 per day for 219 days, or a total of £1215. However, as Mr. Wilkes could not provo his case, the bench dismissed tho case, Mr. Husband, who appeared for the claimant, giving notice of his intention to appeal to tho Snprome Court. Mr, Henry Hughes has undertaken tho dntics of handicapp:r !o tho South Australian Jockey Club honorarily for twolvo months, 'and they have determined to hold their Derby mooting as usual on tho 1st September. Tho programme will embrace', fivo races— including the Derby, which closed with twenty-foar subscribers— and proceedings will commence with a Handicap Hunlle Race, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, to which the club adds 35 sovs., about a milo and tbrec-quartors. To this succeeds the race for tho bluo ribbon of tho South Australian Tnrf, followed lb. turn by a Steeplechase of 50 sots., added to a sweep of 5 sovs. each, about two and a half miles ; Morphcttvillo Plate of 10 sovs., for two-year-olds ; tho wholo being wound-up with the Spring Handicap, of 50 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs. each, one mile and a qnarter. Entries for tho various events are due on Tuesday next, the 29th inst., weights will appear on the 12th August, and acceptances are duo on the 26th of the same month. From Rand wick comes information, that Mar tini-Henry is looking as woll as his host friends could wish. Should tho 2.39 horo but return to his spring form how his detractors will have to recant. Despot, Salvo, Tremando, Phil Athol, Bargo, Ioluntho and tho rest of Mr, J, Whito's numerous string aro all doing sound work, As wo ara within a month of Hawkesbury— which , virtually opens the spring campaign— a large nnmborof horses arobeing prtparod at Rand wick, Waliangral am informed specially pleasing the' cognoscenti. Tho committee of the Hawkesbury Race Club have determined to meet the book makers half way. Applications for registration for the re mainder of the year will be received by the : H.R.C. secretary, Mr. C. S. Guest, at Richmond, - How South Wales, up to Thursday, tho 7th August. The fbos will be £3 for plying the book ; making vacation within the saddling paddock, and £1 for any other portion of the conrso. The general entries for tho Hawkosbury Spring Mooting will close next Wednesday. Whon will tho Wyndham Racing Club meeting comooff? By latest advices I learn that Satur day, tho 6th September, has . now boon docided. on." Nominations must bo . made by tho 25th; August, and weights aro.'io bo declared oh 1st Soptombor, acceptances at scale. At tho general mooting of the Victoria Racing Club, on Monday, tho. 4th .August, it is Judge Qniulan's intention to proceed with tho follow ing notice of motion, proposed by his Honor and seconded by Mr. Olios.' D. O'Halloran :>-"That rule 33 be repealed, and that in'iiou thereof the lowost handicap woi'ght undor three-quarters of a milebo6st. 7 lb.; but .inraces nbovo that dis tance 6 at. bo the minimum." - Tho -total amount of money paid away in stakes to winners at the V.R.C, Grand Natiooal Mooting wjiB £1977. Of this Mr. W. Neil appro priated the largest clicquo, £573, for Chippen ham's win iu tho Q. N. Steeplechase, whilst Mr. D, S. Wallaeo for tho G. N. Hurdlo Raco won by Don Qtiixoto received £400. I amused myself on Saturday aileruoen with timing tho two cirouitsof the courso whilst tho Grand National Hurdlo Raco was being decided. On the first occasion tbo horses ran from winuiog post to winning post in 2min, 50 see.; but on their second journay they covorod the disU, 2 min. 37 sec. How do Victorian hurdle racib. tho present day travel? Gosalior's Mato Hnrdlo victory to wit— 2 miles in 3 min. 55.. sec. 1 Whilst Huxloy, tho jockey, was riding Why Not slow work on tho Clarendon courso lost Mon day tho horso put his (near foro foot in a blind holo and stumbled, Huxley boing thrown hoaviiy on his head. When picked up ho was insensible and remained so until tho evening. Ho is still suffering great pain, and though no danger it anticipated, it will bo soma time before ho can got about again. King was very unfortunate whilst riding Tha Ghost in tho Maidon Hnrdlo and Tho Joker in tho Grand National Hurdlo, for on oach occasion tho animals ho was piloting fell through pure accident. Howevor, his indomitable pluck was not in tho Ioast shaken tboroby, for in the last raco of tho day ho was up on Bassanto. A friendly flutter for half a milo took place on tho cinder truck at Flomiugton -on Wednesday morning betwoen the black pony mare Lcnoro and the grey gelding John Stofel, Edgar Allan Foe's lost one on this occasion displaying her ability to lose the hero of Struck Oil. From my English files I gather that tbo Duko of Portland's wonderful colt St. Simon (Galopia —St, Angela), tho winner of tho Ascot Gold Cop, of two miles and a quarter, stands a little over 15 hands 3 inches. The following description of the raco is cullod from tho London Sportsman: —Although Tristan was with difficulty got to the post, tho flag fell at the first attempt, and Friday made the running from Iambic, Faugh .a-ballagh and Tristan to the -stand, where Friday was leading three lengths from Iambic. At the Iattcr's quarters lay Faugh-a-ballagh, with Tristan and St. Simon following at moderate intervals to tho Hotel turn, whore Archer drove Faugh-a-ballagh to tho front. Ho was almost immediately headed by Tristan, who sailed down tho hill at a merry paco, with Iambic, and St. Simon third and fourth into the Swinley Bottom, where Friday was tailed off. No sooner had thoy entered the old coarse than St. Simon changed places with Iambie, who also com- pounded at tho Brick- kilns, leaving gaps of a couplo of lengths between the other three. Al though Faugh-a-ballagh had made a snccession of strenuous efforts to overhaul Tristan ho was unable to do so, and as thoy rounded the bend his holt was shot. Thereupon St. Simon filled tho vacancy, and overhauling Tristan hand over hand ho quittod him bdforo reaching the Spagncletti board, and with Webb' quic&fr; accepting tho inovitabls, St. Simon passed the post a twenty lengths' winnor ; Faugk-a-ballagli cantered in third, with tho others a long way off. Time by Benson's chronograph, 4 min. 32 sec. Value of the stakes, £1300. Centaur's Index, for 1S31 is to hand, and, as usual, contains tbo full porformancoj of every horse entered for tho groat spring handicaps In addition, thero aro ' tho tables of winners of principal events, tho scalo of weights for ago, and lists of tho contestants for all the classic two and three-year-old events. Tho price at which this valuablo work of rofcreiico i3 published — viz., Is.— ensures for it a very largo circulation throughout tho Australian colonies. In an Adelaido exchange I find an account of a clipping run mado by tho Adelaide Hnnt Club on Saturday, tho 12th in3t. Tho meet was at Hilton Form, and of the excellence of tbo lino there wero no two opinions at tho end. Laid out to begin with over tho farm lauds, it gavo a splendid opportunity to spectators, oven thoso on foot, to see how well unit at what a rattling pace tho Australian hunter, with a workman on his back, can rattlo over timbor. Mr. Wilson, of circus fame, took to England three Australian torses, and it is stated that tbey wonld pound at timber 90 per cent, of the English hunters, No fewer than 33 fences within less than five miles bad to be got either over or through by those who wished to be with the A.H.C. hounds from start to finish, and for a largo field to accomplish a ran of such a nature without a casualty worth noting spends loudly of the quality of thoso who joined in it. At tho annual general mooting of the Victoria Racing Club, to bo kokl at Mcnzics' Hotel on Monday, the 4th August, six. membore of com- mittoo will havo to be elected, tho following gentlemen retiring, but being eligible to again hold office : — Messrs. J. 0. Inglis, M, O'Sha- nassy, Robert Power, A. 'W. Robertson, D. 8. Wallace and J. Whittinghsm. A very interesting sale of old sporting piste was hold at tbo rooms of Messrs. Christy, Man- son and Woods, King street, St. James's Square, on tho 11th June- They consisted . of several, pieces presented to Colonel Thornton, n noted sportsman .who flourished at the end of. lost and. beginning of this cantury. Ono of tha relics is worthy of something more than passing notice, as it was a silver gilt epergnc with oval open work basket on chased stand, with 1 four fluted dishes inscribed, "Col. Thornton received this pieco of plate of Sir Harry Fcathcrslonc and Sir John Ramsden, Baronoto, as a compromise to a bet mado in honor of a Hambieton ..fox. Col. Thornton by his original bet engaged for 300 gs. P.P. (play orpay) to find a fox at Hunts Whint or in tho Easingwold country that after Christ mas, 1779, should ran twenty miles. Tho day to be fi'xod and the morning approved , by Col. Thornton, and to bo determined by Sir J, Rams den and SirH. Feiithoratone and" tho company, up." On tho bottom was this certificate " Wo, tho undermentioned, do doctors that od a day appointed for tho decision of tho bet made by Col. Thornton and Sir J. Ramsdon and Sir H. Feathorstono that a fox broke off in view of tho hounds and company, which fox was killed after a continnod burst, thero not being ono cheek, by tho different watches, for 2 hours and 38 minutes, and we, being tho only gentlomen up, do beliovo that tho said fox ran at loast 28 miles. Col, T. boing a party concerned gavo no vote. — Lasccllcs Lasccllcs, Henry Hutchinson, Yal. Kitchinman, W. Dawson, Randolph Marriott. N.B.— Thero wero only 8 horsemen out of 70 up." This souvenir, which weighed 103 oz., brought £156 12s. 1 would remind mombcrs of tho V.R.C, that tho subscription -for tbo year ending 31st July, 1885, is due on Friday, tho 1st August. ' The meeting of the Clarence Rivor Jockey Club was rendered interesting to - tho motropoli' tail people (says "Martindalo" iu tho Sydnoy Toira and Country), from the fact that uo loss than seven of tho horses contesting thereat oro encaged in the Metropolitan Stakes and Hawkcs- bury 'Handicap) viz., Hastings, Hilltop, Prism, Pritt0t»3.'of Lorno, Acme, His Worship and Mis? Rcugny. Of those Hilltop, Princess of Lome and His Worship were returned winners; and Prism was novbr-outof second place. The frionds of Hastings' gavo their horeo groat support each time he started in the City and Turf Club Handi caps.-, but ho tnado a very poor show, 'which was )io ddnkt attributable in a great measure to his condition; h6 boing very big. With a carofni trainer, however, he may yot prove a tough cus tomer, in our spring handicaps, Hilltop por- lormcd like what he is— a racohorse, and, not withstanding- his penalty, will rnn forward if started lit' Havrkesbnry. Ho was vory fit, aud won bolhtho Grand Stand and Turf Clnb Handi caps iu the easiest manner. Prism is a garno littio hor30, but ho has too much weight up to ho dangerous in any oi the big bsndicaps, and there is vory littio probability of His Worship boing a starter. cPrincoss of Lorho is nndoubtedly possessed of a good amount of pace, as is also Miss Rottgny, but the latter is never likely, owing to her. excitable nature, to prove dangerous in., a largo field. From Princess of Lome, howevor, who is by Captivator from Princess Lonise, we may yet hear good accounts, so that by the above it will bo' soon that 1 think Hilltop, Hastingsand Princess of Lome were tho three best of our handicap horses that I eaw in Grafton. The Bailarat Tarf and Hunt Club's Winter Steeplechase meeting is announced to take place on the 12th and 18th of September, the full pro gramme for which will shortly appear. Calma was scratched for tho Caulfiehi and Melbourne Cups at half-past four o'clock on Wednesday. , I An3on, a bay gelding by King Cole from lady Keith, must be pretty smart,' for at the late Port Augusta Mooting inSouth Australia, ho won the Port Augusta Cnp, of a mile and throe-', quarters, iit 3 min, 10 sec., and on tho second day appropriated tho Flinders Handicap, a mule and a half, in 2 min. 13 sec. In Iho NowStakcs at the Ascot Gold Cnp Moot- ing there, was so little to choose between thestablo companions Langwcll and Melton that the jockeys Archer and Wood were permitted to to3s for choico of- mounts. Wood won and chose Lang woli, who .started at C to 4, whilst 5to 1 was obtainable about Melton. Archer's Inek was in, - liowover, for tbo nou- favoritb was first past the. POSt. .. , : At a meeting at Sandown Park on the Oth, of . J cue, " No. 1" on the card was successful in fivo out of tbo'six events. ' Tho Adelaide Racing Club's Winter Meeting is to tako place on the Oth Aognst. Gratitude and His Bis will in future be trained . Jay P. M'Namara, at Adelaide. . Gohauua has been scratched for the Caulfiold z: .. Cup." \- .. The Quorn(S. A.) races en Taesday wore well attcn led. The l'lying Handicap was " won by \- Sbylock, tho Hurdios by Tancred, tho Qhorn fiandieap by Cracksman, Exile and Fictitious .. finishing second and third. That terror in Selling Races, Tho Lawn, appropriated the Members' Race, Epicure has boon scratched for the Hawkes- bnry Handicap and County Purse. Some of the two- year-olds from the country at present exorcising at Randwick aro stated to be -quite or(ual to anything ever seen thero. Is onr Manbyrnong Plate mortgaged again J . The Geelong Racing Club have determined to leave no stono unturned to mako their meeting on Saturday, the 2nd Augnat,; a success. With ibis end- in view, tho stewards have resolved to invito his Excellency Sir H. B. Loch and suite to honor the wiuter meeting with thoir presence. Burton, who was so severely injured whilst riding Lo3bia in the Richmond Handicap at Canlfield- last autumn, is now able to get about again.- Dr. Qortia's hurdle racer Flamhorough was nubmitlodto auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday -.last, and was knockod down to Mr. Weeks for 175 guineas. Though Flamhorough did not perform tip t.o'oxpectation last Saturday in the . Grand -National Hurdle Race, Mr, Weeks was svidontly impres'sod with tho horse's capability, And I - shall he much mistaken if tho Indian buyers- latest purchase docs not' prove as remunerative as any of his previous ventures. loang Moore, formerly connected with tho St! Albans stable, but who is now located at Ken- Bington; experienced a nasty fall- whilst riding Castaway in tho last raoo on Saturday, but beyond an abrasion of tho faco and a sovere shaking -.bo sustained ' no -ill effects by the mishap. ' A gentle flutter of excitement porvaded the numerous individuals who promulgated swoops on the Hill oil Saturday when it was discovered that though Hello Brandon's name had appeared in tho list oLscratehings on the hoard she was a atartor in tKo Flat Race. Howover, all's well that ends well, arid as the Belle didn't win they were pat of their trouble. Tho drivor of Little Dick was disqualified for BUspicious tactics at a mooting at Elsternwick . Park last Decomber. Tho diqualification has now been removed. Mr. E. Wooks islikothoold sexton — he gathors them in. Aftor tho Selling Race on Saturday that gontioman was not to bo donicd possession »££&a; winner, and so Prespojt changed hands for It is not a whit too soon to direct tho attention Of those intoreslod to tho fact that the first for. loit for tho Molbourno Cup must be declared by pour p.m., on Monday week, tho 4th August, the second payment for tho Caulficld Cup is also due on the same date. Another of tho old racing landmarks has beon jromoved from amongst us. Poor old James Henderson — crstwhilo judgo atid clerk of the .scales at Flcmington, and latterly the recipient nf a gratuity from tho V.R.C.— is no more. , Iu Novombor last Mr, John Crozior gavo Mr. J. look 800 guineas for a very fino coit named Illusion, by Countryman ftom Deceplivo, whom BIr. Leak had originally purchased as a yearling from his breeders, tho Messrs. Robertson Brothers, of Tnrretfield, for £420. This plucky tmrchiiso has proved a most unfortunate one foc Mr. Crozior, us on Tuesday last Illusion died at LockioyB from inflammation.' ' ' ' Mr. E. Wooks, on bia noxt. departure to India, which takes place per tho Noweomon to-day, will takoawaj'with bimfour thoroughly representative Australian racoborsos in Sting, Kiiig of tho Valo, Bassanio and Regulator. ' Each has scored victories in (ho host of company on tho flat, and, accompanied as thoy will bo liy .shell pcrformora over tho sticks as TriplotV.Noorohg, Prospect and Ned Kelly, these can be no two opinions that the bnrly Indian horse merchant has novel- boforo set sail with such a contingent. Chippenham, Tulta and Miuidora will also' embark for the saino destination in charge of Mr. Miickliu; Besides tlieso notabilities of tho turf Aimee, First Dover and a most promising lot of mhiden horses will accompany tho abovenamod gentlom'en. Le Grand, Epicure, Mountebank, Capri, Mis3 Reugny, EatanswiU, . His) Worship . and Casket bavo been struck out of the Metropolitan Stakes. Mr. Macklin was so, iihprc3Sod: with Chippen ham's performance -on Saturday .that be took immediate stops to secure him- for tho Indian market. ' .... , Radnmcs was scratched for > tho Molbourno Cap at nine o'clock onsThuriday morning. I would once again direct tho attention of tlio3o interested to tllo- -'advertisement on our front pago in re' tho" Australian- Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes, nnme3 and' descriptions of foals for which must bo given before four o'clock on Friday next ' "v Mr. C. S. Agn'ow .bought .tho steeplechaser Robin Hood on Wednesday for 71 guineas. Owners and trainers are reminded that nomin ations for tho CanlGeld'. Grand, National meeting of tho Victoria Amateur Turf. Club mast bo lodged before four,1! p.m. on .'Monday , next, tho 28th inst. ! As wiU'W-Besh.! 'by, the advertise ment, Mr. N. R, D. Bond has again sot forth a rcclierc/nf bill of, fare, .and- litsvpast successes fully warrant tho prediction of a bumper attendance on Caulfi.eld Heath oil tho 16th proximo. At ono time Mr, Thomas Coffey thought ha had a roal good thing for a Newmarket Handicap in Borderman. He proved so extremely rotten, bowover, that that astute trainor would stand him no longer. I percieve that itbo , son of ' Bonny Carlisle was a passenger by the Waihora to .New Zealand on Taesday last, ".audi judging by the alacrity he displayed to gqt into tho river whilst running in tho Selling Hurdle Race on. Saturday, salt water may bo what he requires to fully de velop his capabilities.' Bo that as it may, how over,.! really cannot congratulate tho turfites of New .Zealand on their latest equine importation from.Victoria, .Mr. John .Slayo's.coB'IWio.JewoI, by. Golds- brough— Ida, was scratched for tho Molbourno Cap, the Caulfiold Cup, llie Hawkcsbury Handi- . cap and all Syduey engagements last Thursday. 