OPENING OF THE EXHIBITION. From an early hour yesterday morning spec- tators crowded thickly to the grounds, and by 12 o'clock about 4000 persons were present. His Excellency Sir Anthony Musgrave, Miss Shand, and Lieutenant Prichard, A.D.C., drove up punctually at noon, and were received by the mounted police drawn up in line, under Inspector Lewis. His Excellency was received by Mr. Fenwick, the president of the as- sociation, with whom were Sir Arthur Palmer, the Hon. S. W. Griffith, and other leading men. The band struck up the National Anthem, and the vice-regal party entered the building, where Mr. Fenwick ad- dressed his Excellency in the name of the committee, inviting him to declare the Exhibi- tion open, and in a few brief words giving an account of the association, its foundation and objects, in order to explain which more fully he handed a copy of the constitution to the Governor. The main objects of the association were, he said, to support agricultural and in- dustrial pursuits, and he trusted that this Exhibition, particularly in the horse, cattle, and sheep classes, would be quite as successful, if not more so, than any in the past. In conclusion, he welcomed his Excellency to the Exhibition in the name of the association, and presented him with a catalogue bound in morocco. His Excellency, in reply, said he was deeply sensible of the honour conferred upon him, and thanked the association heartily for the welcome they had accorded him. It was unnecessary for him to advert at length to the valuable services rendered to a colony like this by an association of this kind. He could not but express his gratification at being present at the opening of the ninth exhibition of the Queensland Association, and was glad to learn that it was one of the best, if not the very best, that had ever been held. In conclusion, he thanked them again for the welcome given him, and had great pleasure in declaring the Exhibition open. The band then struck up a lively air, and the vice-regal party were conducted round the grounds by Mr. Fenwick, expressing great pleasure at what they saw. Among those present, in addition to Sir A. Palmer and the Premier, were several members of the Cabinet, Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, and a majority of members from both Houses of Par- liament. The Governor drove away at about 1 o'clock, but returned in the course of the afternoon, and witnessed the jumping and horse parades. The first glance on entering the building is rather disappointing, as the exhibits in the in- terior are apparently less in number than those of previous years, nor is there such a profusion of floral decoration, though the display of bunting is as lavish as usual. In reality the scarcity of exhibits is due in a great measure to the wise action of the committee, who have decided to leave the space near the entrance comparatively clear in order to prevent the delay and confusion so noticeable in previous years, incident on the crowding and crushing at the doorway. Immediately facing the visitor on entering the building are two colossal trophies, the one on the right erected by the Queensland Brewing Company, and that on the left by the Graziers Butchering Company. The two most conspicuous objects to the eyes of the hungry sightseer being meat and beer, while still further on the right the bearer of the blue ribbon may solace his injured feelings by gazing on pyramids of Empire tea and Oriental coffee. The Queensland Brewing Company's trophy is really a handsome pyra- mid, at the base of which are casks rich with gilded hoops and gay placards ; above these are bottles of various beers and the top is sur- mounted by a flagstaff. All round are silken flags of various colours, and the whole struc- ture is neatly railed off, the posts of the rail- ings being painted to imitate oak. Not far off on the right Mr. Bolton, the manager, dispenses samples of the wines to more favoured visitors, and consequently the wisdom of the committee in leaving plenty of space thereabouts will be immediately recognised. The pyramid of the Graziers' Butchering Company is of a more "solid" charcter, if not in its structure, at least in the elements of which it is composed. Here at the base may be seen a huge case full of those sheeps' trotters which are known so well by name to all whom necessity compels to pass along the Brisbane streets at night. Above these are all kinds of preserved meats, from the succulent saveloy to the meritricious tripe. In addition to the dripping, lard, brawn, and other articles attaching to the trade, tierces of corned beef crop up at every corner. Turning to the right, in a suggestively appropriate place, next to the malt liquors, will be found tiers upon tiers of all kinds of aerated waters and cordials, exhibited by the Eodone Company, next to which is a good exhibit of the Helidon Spa Water Company. Next to these are loaves of bread and bags of flour, and other food exhibits. Some sugar of good quality from southern plantations comes next to a very insignificant collection of sugar-cane. The central tables in this section contain fruit and agricultural produce. Some immense pumpkins lying on the floor only look insignifi- cant beside a huge 500-gallon butt, which, alas, is empty. On the wall is a collection of cana- ries, whose cheery twittering and healthy ap- pearance are in striking contrast to the sad spectacle of a dying megalo-prepia principia (vulgarly known as a claret-breasted fruit- pigeon), which was displayed in a cage and a parlous state on one of the centre tables. The only other exhibit worth noticing in this sec- tion is that of a hive of bees, in which a pure imported Italian queen daily receives the homage of her busy courtiers. The first ex- hibit noticeable on the left hand side is another apiaristic arrangement, where, in ad- diton to the hives and appliances, honey of every variety is temptingly displayed. The walls are covered with photographs, and rival photographers have vied with one another in producing innumerable counterfeit present ments of leading statesmen, actresses, and children. There are other articles, mostly of female and juvenile handiwork ; among these are some curious and interesting brackets and baskets made entirely from rubbish picked up in the Queensland bush. Model steam engines may be seen at work on one of the tables, and a few bicycles of most modern make contrast curiously with Dr. Coppi's interesting collection of prehistoric remains. Various kinds of bed- linen and fancy work are also shown, together with some neatly worked underclothing. On the left hand side of the main hall are many samples of wool, leather, skins, and mats of wool. The visitor will at once notice some exquisite exhibits of cut flowers, whose scent is only equalled by their fragile beauty. Hard by are artificial flowers, and some very ornamental woodwork from the school of the Christian Brothers. A pretty collection of shells is also worthy of notice. Passing down the left hand side, the visitor finds himself between a vast array of soap on one side and brushes on the other. The brushes, however, are those com- monly applied to the baser uses of domestic life, and are intended more for the floor than the hair. On this side of the room is a very interesting collection of gold specimens over which a policeman has been specially told off to mount guard. The usual art gallery ornaments the walls and screens at the lower end of the main hall, some of the pictures being good and others of a more doubtful nature. There are one or two excellent pictures produced by the photo gravure process. One of these, by the way, gave rise to an amusing incident. One of the visitors, happening to observe among the group a fine picture entitled "Lucrezia Borgia," innocently inquired of a man who seemed to be some one in authority if he could inform him what scene in the opera the picture was supposed to represent. "What," replied the man in a loud voice, "Aven't yer ever read Shakspeare's Lucrezia Borgia?" The visitor passed on a sadder but no wiser man. On the right of the hall is every variety of furniture, and especially noticeable are some exceedingly comfortable-looking sofas, while the centre of the room is chiefly taken up with all kinds of buggies and an ex- hibit of pianos. Before leaving the furniture the attention of the visitor is directed to some very fine mirrors, which will doubtless have many admirers among the fair sex. Sewing machines are conspicuous by their ab- suice, and so there is no likelihood of the newspaper war that filled the ad- vertising columns of the newspapers last year being renewed through any decision of the judges this year. Nor is the pianoforte three-cornered duel likely to be revived, for only one firm has sent pianofortes for exhibition, the others have kept severely aloof. It is under- stood that several recitals will be given during the exhibition. It would add agreeably to the pleasure derived from the exhibition if arrange- ments could be made to take advantage of Miss Burvett's presence in Brisbane for a recital of really good music. Before leaving the hall visitors must not omit to notice the bewilder- ing display of electric bells and cunningly-de- vised burglar alarms, though probably there is no fear of that, for their constant tinkling and jangling make them perhaps the most conspi- cuous exhibit in the hall. The exhibition of live stock is very good on the whole. The horse-boxes are well filled, and though a good deal of dissatisfaction has been shown with some of the decisions of the judges, still it will be admitted that as a rule the best horse won. The show of draught entires is particularly good. The saddle hacks are scarcely up to the average, and in the class under 16 hands high two of the teams appeared more fitted for coach work than for buggies, on account, probably, of both the vehicles and harness being too sub- stantial. The show of sheep, too, is really creditable, considering the recent bad season, and, though not quite so numerous perhaps in quantity, in quality they more than come up to the shows of preceding years. Among the cattle is a good deal of new blood, and the stud bulls especially are well worth looking at. Very few pigs are shown, but there are one or two good ones, including a magnificent boar, the property of the Graziers' Butchering Company, on the ground. Perhaps the show of dogs is, taking it all round, the best in the exhibition, the num- ber being unusually large, and most of the classes being well filled. This was espe- cially the case with the greyhounds and kan- garoo dogs, the Newfoundlands, fox-terriers, and spaniels. No one can pass the dogs with- out stopping to admire a couple of beautiful little pugs at the extreme end of the row. The exhibits of poultry are numerous, and among them are some very fine birds noticeably in the game divisions. The judges caused some dis- satisfaction by their delay in awarding some of the prizes. Of course, as is always the case, their decisions were received with very mixed feelings, and in some of the sections un- doubtedly they have made mistakes. No judges in the world can make sure of satisfying everybody, but they can avoid coming to con- clusions now and then that will be flatly con- tradicted by the first man that comes along and knows anything of the subject. After the luncheon hour the crowd was enormous, and the ground seemed too small to hold the immense number of people. It is estimated that during the day and evening at least 18,000 persons visited the Ex- hibition. The limited space immediately surrounding the main building was still further occupied by numerous side shows of all kinds. Outside one tent a large placard informed the public that inside was to be seen the famous ghost illusion, purchased at im- mense expense from Professor Pepper. Another tent contained the "original and only real living sword swallower," in proof of which ap- peared on a platform outside two men, one with a horn and the other with a drum, which he beat incessantly. His mouth was furnished with an unseen instrument emitting the most diabolical sounds to the accompaniment of the drum. Presently one of the men disappeared, only to emerge again clad after the manner of the Albanians, and having a huge carpet snake twined about his neck and arms ; in his hands he carried several swords and a bayonet or two, which he assured the open-mouthed public he was in the habit of swallowing. Another attraction of this tent was a wonderful goat called Lena or the "animal with the human brain." Another tent was set apart for boxing, and within were such celebrated "professors" of the art as the "Ballarat Nugget," "Mace's Novice," and "Foley's Pupil," none of whom, according to the showman, had ever being vanquished. Here, too, was the notorious spieler "Possum," who recently was the hero of a lengthy prize fight with a miner at Charters Towers. There was the usual number of "Aunt Sallys," "shooting galleries," "Try yer weights," &c.;, and one or two games of chance that bordered suspiciously on the illegal. The jumping contests drew away the attention of many during the afternoon, and the grand stand was packed. The ring, however, seemed too small to allow the horses sufficient scope for taking the hurdles properly, there being only thirty yards interval between them, which is very little, considering the smallness of the circle. The traffic arrangements were very satisfactory on the whole, and the crowd seemed to experience but little difficulty in dispersing themselves. Seldom has such an orderly crowd been seen. The larrikin element, though of course present, was subdued, and during the whole day not one offensive case of drunkenness obtruded itself upon the sight. The Exhibition grounds were almost deserted by 6 o'clock in the evening, but in less than an hour visitors began to arrive very fast, and it is estimated that there were at, least 3000 persons present after tea. Of course in the darkness it was impossible to view any of the live stock, and visitors chiefly confined themselves to the main building, which was uncomfortably crowded. The Headquarters' band played excellent music throughout the day and evening under the able leadership of Bandmaster Owens, and in the evening the fountain of water at the entrance, illuminated by coloured limelights, lent an additional attractiveness to the scene. The takings during the day amounted to £851 odd—a large increase on the amount taken last year. The arrange- ments of the Exhibition are most satisfactory, the convenience of visitors having been studied equally with the comfort of the live stock, for whose accommodation every effort has been made. There is but little of the confusion so noticeable in previous years, and altogether the arrangements reflect the greatest credit on the indefatigable secretary of the society, Mr. E. A. Smith. The Exhibition will be open to day and to- morrow, and is well worth a visit from all who desire to amuse themselves, or who take an interest in the various exhibits. We are requested to call special attention to the annual meeting of members of the Queens- land National Association and breeders inte- rested in stock, which will be held at the Exhi- bition, Bowen Park, on Friday morning, at 10 o'clock precisely. The shoeing contest will also take place at 11 a.m. on Friday, and entries will be received at the secretary's office in the Exhibition building up to 10 a.m. on that day. To-day the sales of stud cattle will commence, and the jumping of hunters in class 26, for horses to carry not less than 9st. 8lb., will form one of the most interesting features of the after- noon. Entrances for this event will be received by the secretary up to 2 o'clock to-day. The trials of the sheep and cattle dogs will also take place to-day, and these events should prove a great attraction. In the evening the band will play choice selections, and the lime- light on the fountain will afford a pleasing spectacle for those who visit the building during the evening. The large number of spectators, estimated at 18,000, who visited the building during yesterday amply testified to the popularity of the Exhibition, and those who were unable yesterday, owing to the dense crowd, to properly view the various exhibits, will doubtless avail themselves of the oppor- tunity given them to-day of examining things more at their leisure. HORSES. SECOND NOTICE. Mr. Sheppard's handsome horse Reprieve having being removed from Mr. M'Lennan's stables prior to judging day, and not being re- covered until late on Tuesday evening, could not be noticed in our remarks yesterday on the blood stock. He had a chance yesterday, however, in competing for two special prizes, one given by Mr. D. M'Connel and Son, for the best blood stallion, any age, and the other for the best blood stallion adapted for getting weight- carrying hacks. For these coveted prizes the competitors were numerous, and Mr. Sheppard's horse could not successfully com- pete against Reugny, who, as on the previous day, carried all before him. Reprieve, in the opinion of good judges, was the second best horse on the grounds. He is a splendid bay by Yatten- don, out of Gazelle, by Magus (imp.), and looks all over a racehorse. His performances stamp him as a good performer, and his sensational dead-heat race with Dagworth over Randwick will long be remembered by racing men. It is to be regretted that Reprieve was not able to compete in the class for which he was entered on Tuesday. Messrs. Flavelle Bros.' special prize for the best blood filly, 2 and under 3 years, was given to Galatea, a daughter of Epigram and Gazelle. In this class the exhibits might easily have been of better class. The winners of the other special prizes were the same as carried off the honours in their various classes as catalogued. For the best hansom cab horse and harness there were only three entries, and Maynard (No. 84) carried off the prize given by Mr. Stodart. The show of draymen's horses has, we venture to say, never been surpassed in the colonies. The Brisbane draymen seem to have become possessed of horses of a quality which is rarely seen out- side the English shires. In the class for geldings there were ten entries, and, as one of the judges remarked, there was not an exhibit that was not worthy of the highest commendation. The first prize was allotted to Mr. Jackson's bay horse Champion, the second to Mr. Williamson's Farmer, the third Mr. Jackson's Prince, and the fourth prize to Mr. Christian Smith's Major. For the prizes for mares there were six entries. Mr. A. Allan's Norah secured first prize, Mr. Gray's Rose second, Mr. Jackson's Lady Gray third, and Mr. Jamieson's Major fourth. For the champion horse in the class for licensed dray- men's exhibits, Mr. Jackson's Champion carried off the honours. We believe that several protests have been entered in connec- tion with the competition, and they will be duly dealt with by the stewards. The compe- tition in connection with the hunters' prizes excited as usual a great amount of interest. There were five horses entered at the jumps, but the only ones that made a decent show were Mr. H. C. Wood's Royal and Mr. E. Winter's Cream. After getting accustomed to the crowd and the small circular course these horses jumped very well, but Royal was deemed to have acquitted himself best, and secured the blue ribbon. The competition will be continued to-day. CATTLE.—SECOND NOTICE. Yesterday morning the judges in the short- horn and Hereford classes decided the special prizes, with the following results:—Messrs. Foster and Kelk's handsome bronze statuette for the best bull in the yard, any breed, was awarded to Mr. Horwood's Wild Eyes Duke 4th, the champion bull in the shorthorn classes. He is thus champion of the show-yard. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co.'s prize for best short- horn bull under 3 years of age, was awarded to the same animal, who left the ring decorated with prize ribbons from horns to tail. Messrs. Morehead's prize for best Hereford bull under 3 years, was awarded to the New Zealand Company's Prince George 3rd, a yearling, against Messrs. M'Connel and Wood's The Dale, one year and ten months old. As the judges were equally divided on this award, the services of Mr. H. Bracker had again to be called in as umpire. Messrs. Flavelle Bros.' prize for best purebred breading, cow, to be fed on grass three months previous to exhibition, was given to the champion shorthorn cow Riverslie Daisy 2nd. Opinions outside the ring appeared to be divided on this award, many preferring the Durundur Hereford cow Duchess 5th. In our cattle report yesterday it was erro- neously stated that Mr. Slade's Lady Theodera, was last year's champion at Brisbane. The champion of last year was Mr. Bracker's Day Dawn. By a misprint the word "forehead" was substituted yesterday for "foreribs" in the remarks on the bull Prince Wild Eyes—a mis- take which has submitted our reporter to a con- siderable amount of chaff on the show grounds. The fat cattle are, despite the bad season, de- cidedly the best that have ever been shown in the fat stock classes at Bowen Park. POULTRY. Numerically the show of poultry this year is far in excess of any previous year, the number of birds on exhibition being between 700 and 800, besides non-competitive exhibits, which bring the number up to over 1000. Although there are many inferior birds in the coops, the quality of the exhibits as a whole is in advance of previous years. This is not the case in the classes devoted to Asiatics and Dorkings, however, which are far below what they used to be in the early days of the society. We miss the names of two well-known fanciers this year—namely, Messrs. Williams and Dowie ; but many poultry fanciers will recognise in the exhibits of a South Brisbane exhibitor many birds that bear a striking resemblance to those formerly in the poultry yard of the first named gentle- man. As is usually the case, the greatest interest is centred in the black-red game classes which are again well represented. The awards of the judges are generally more nar- owly scanned in this class than in any other, and as a matter of course there is generally a considerable amount of dissatisfaction at the awards of the judges in the class. There would appear to be room for criticism in some of the awards in the black-red game class this year. It is difficult to understand, for in- stance, why the bird in coop 607, class 284 (Mr. Lergressner's) should not have been placed, and again it seems strange that a bird with a pencilled breast should have been awarded a prize in competition with birds of true feather. Mr. Clark shows a fine raking, wiry bird, in coop 604, which has received no mention. Mr. Glen Cameron shows a very true bird, in coop 609 with almost faultless plumage. In brown-breasted reds, fanciers generally will disagree with the award to the bird in coop 628, many preferring that in coop 627 which has been placed second. The dark Brahmas call for no special notice and taken on the whole are below average. By the way the association has adopted a system of nomencla- ture entirely new to fanciers in the Brahma classes, "dark pencilled" and "light pencilled" are divisions not generally acknowledged by poultry clubs. The few white Brahmas are really good, and the same may be said of the buff, cinnamon and white Cochins, but the numbers are miserably small. Mr Day's Dorkings, although not "exhibition" birds, are true types of the breed ; but Mr. Hard- grave's silver-grays are decidedly the "plums" of this division. There are some good birds in the Spanish and Hamburg classes, and Mr. Robert Lane, of Bowen Bridge, shows a cock and hen of a variety called "Lye" fowls, a very useful class of birds combining the size of the Asiatics with the breast of the Dorking. The entries in the pigeon classes are so numerous and varied that it would tax the resources of the smartest expert to notice them, much less to criticise the awards of the judges. The show of song and other birds is also very creditable and if the awards of the judges in these classes have not given entire satisfaction, exhibitors no doubt will bear in mind that few in this part of the world, be- sides themselves, are so well posted up in the various points of the little songsters as to qualify themselves to act as experts. The judges can only do, as they no doubt have done in the present case—act up to the best of their lights. WOOL. The exhibitions of this association occurring immediately before the shearing season, the show of wool has hitherto been a comparative failure, and this year proves no exception to the general rule. If the society intends to con- tinue its summer shows in January, then would be the proper time to hold the wool show. In fleece wool, Mr. C. B. Fisher is the only exhi- bitor, and the only other exhibits are two bales of fellmongered wool by Messrs. Willis Bros., of Kedron Brook, and the Graziers' Butchering Company. Mr Fisher shows twenty four fleeces in grease ; rams, ram hoggets, ewes, and ewe hoggets, six fleeces each, and for true heavy combing wool it would be difficult to beat them. We were unable to ascertain their weight yesterday, but should imagine the rams' fleeces to average at least 16 lb. It is a true wool, great strength of fibre, and in free- ness and character it is undeniable. It is to be regretted that there are no exhibits of fine clothing wool, as a comparison between these and the heavy staple exhibits of Mr. Fisher's would prove very interesting. To those who argue that the climate of Queensland is un- suited to the growth of a free heavy combing wool, the fleeces under notice supply a more decisive reply than could be conveyed in any number of words. WINES. When it became known that Queensland vignerons were to be protected in some of the classes from the competition of wine growers from the other colonies, it was generally sup- posed that the entries for the prizes under the Wine Section at the Exhibition would be very numerous. Those who expected to see the wine makers in this colony put forward an effort to show that they could turn out an aiticle of good quality on this occasion have been very sorely disappointed. Messrs. Irwin Bros., of Warilla, exhibited in four classes, Mr. Bensley in one, and though Mr. Child's wine arriving too late to be judged Mr. Lam- bert had the rest of the show to himself. For the light wine not older than the vintage of 1882 Mr. Lambert was awarded the prize for a Verdeilho of 1883, a wine quoted at 7s. per gallon. For light wine older than the vintage of 1882 no first prize was awarded, but Mr. Lambert got the second. In these classes he had no competition, but in class 426, full- bodied white wine not older than the vintage of 1882, Messrs. Irvin Bros. competed, but Mr. Lambert carried off both first and second honours, the first prize going to a good sound Verdeilho of 1882. In similar wines older than 1882, Mr Lambert with a Madeira of 1880, quoted at 10s. per gallon, was awarded the prize over Messrs. Irwin Bros, who showed a white Hermitage, also quoted at 10s. per gallon. The only other prizes were in class 437, for the best white wine made in Queensland, Mr. Lambert scoring first and second with a Madeira at 10s. a gallon and a Verdeilho at 6s. 6d per gallon, the former being pronounced by the judges to be of excellent quality. Generally speaking, the judges found nothing to specially commend in any other of the wines shown. An orange wine was exhibi- ted by Mr. F. G. Walker, of Coomera River; but not being aware of any satisfactory mode of determining its quality, the judges decided not to make any award. SUGAR. Considering the great interest that has of late been created in connection with the sugar industry, this section was disappointing. It was more than noticeable how eagerly the exhibits were scanned, and how the small corner devoted to sugar was crowded—small only as there were not sufficient entries to make it any larger. What was to be seen de- mands some attention. Amongst the white refined sugars, the manufacture of Mr. Robert Cran, of Bundaberg deservedly stood out for pre-eminence, and Mr. A. C. M'Millan was a worthy second. Both those sugars are excellent whites, clear, and perfect in make. The third exhibit from Messrs. Young Bros, of the Lower Burdekin, was a small-crystal sugar, a most mar- ketable article, but not up to the others in quality. There were four entries for vacuum- sugar unrefined. Two of those were light yellow samples, and not so good as vacuum pan sugars ought to prove. The first prize was gained by Messrs. Young Bros. and Co., of Kalamia, for a pretty specimen of white sugar that compared favourably with the second prize exhibit in the previous class. Mr. M. P. Muir, of Southport, was a good second with a similar class of sugar. The bronze medal for sugar boilers only for vacuum pan unrefined fell to Mr. L. J. Ringuet, for a beautiful white sample ; Mr. Benjamin Gautier, of the Lower Burdekin, gaining second honours for a good sugar with somewhat larger crystal. Mr. Muir, of Southport, also exhibited. These were the only sugars sent in and the special prize of £5 5s., given by the Queensland Brew- ing Company for "best yellow brewers' crystals," was not even competed for. The display of sugarcane was meagre in the ex- treme, the only exhibitor being Mr. Robert Muir. There was some Lahainia, purple bamboo, and other canes but, although healthy in appearance, they gave no idea of the forest height attained by sugar cane grown at Mackay, on the Burdekin, and in the other northern districts. Many town and country visitors were disappointed in this respect, as they had hoped to learn something by personally seeing what "going into a canefield" really meant. The northern planters are to blame for not sending down exhibits of cane, and the southern planters for not sending in samples to meet a comparison. The only exhibit of golden syrup was from the Brisbane Refinery Company, and this consisted of samples in glass and in tins. It seemed a superior article, and is priced at £23 per ton. In front of the sugar exhibits is a photograph of a newly invented cane planter, which hails from Honolulu. This is placed in the show by the editor of the Tropical Planter, and deserves the notice of growers. The same gentleman has in another part of the building a copy of the Sugar Bowl, a newspaper published in Louisiana. This purports to be printed on paper made entirely from cane megass, and the columns state that a wealthy company has been formed to work a paper mill in conjunction with the sugar mills in that State. The success of the experiment, so far as producing an ex- cellent paper for printing purposes, has been thoroughly displayed, and it is claimed that by improved machinery the best qualities can be manufactured. The experiment opens a new field of profit to sugar growers, and information on this matter should be eagerly sought. Cane megass, if used as a fibre for paper manufacture, would doubtless prove re- munerative instead of being as at present of no use except for fuel. Those who have already seen the produce of the sugar-cane after it has passed through its various stages would do well to walk outside and inspect the patent automatic battery at work. This is shown by Mr. Robert Muir, of Benowa, Southport, but ill luck attended him yesterday through the bursting of a pipe and operations had consequently to be suspended. He confidently expects to have his operations in full swing to- day, and a further notice will then be given. FARM AND DAIRY PRODUCE There was every excuse for some failure in this section, but strange to say the farmers have shown up very well and some of the pro- duce is remarkable for its excellence and com- pares favourably with that of previous years. The wheat all comes from the district of War- wick, and there was very keen competition. Two exhibits price their entries at 6s. 6d. per bushel. The lucky winner was Mr. Charles Lewis, of Freestone Creek for a nice clean exhibit, free from all suspicion of rust. The maize section, generally so largely patronised, was not as full as in previous years. There was only one exhibit from the Rosewood Scrub, and that came too late for competition, but it was much admired and might have been con- sidered in the verdict if earlier brought under notice. The samples were all worthy of praise, and far better than might have been antici- pated, W. M'Dowall, of Seventeen mile Rocks, and J. Tainton being the chief prize-takers. Other grains were poorly represented, and there were numerous classes in which no entries were made, but three samples of new grain were sent in known as Panicum, Silaria Germanica and a grain not named. The absence of oats, barley, and other varieties in this section is particularly noticeable. Amongst roots, potatoes lay claim to first attention, and the presence of only four exhibits was unfavourably remarked on. The suitability of the Gatton Laidley, South Pine, and other districts for potato growth should be more widely advertised at these gatherings, and Messrs. G. Biggs and J. M. Cook deserve thanks for having done their best in the matter. The turnips and carrots are far more noticeable for numbers, and the prospect becomes still more cheering when gazing on huge pumpkins in every shape and of every colour. In the prize exhibit there is one enormous pumpkin, and in their proper classes are some fine red and iron-bark pumpkins deserving of commenda- tion. The display of lucerne and oaten hay and chaff is very cheering, and was examined with pleased interest by all visitors. There is certainly no sign here of a hard, or even a dry, season, and every exhibit is worthy of the place that it occupies. The Laidley, Swan Creek, and Ipswich districts have contributed mainly towards this result and their success in keeping up the standard of past years is remark- able. A very handsome plant of purple arrrow- root, forwarded by Mr. Joseph Cowley of Orient Farm, Samson Vale, was honourably awarded a first prize. It seems to be an especially healthy plant and is of good growth. On coming to the butter the judges had a difficult task to accomplish, and one that is becoming less facile every year. In competing in the division for dairy produce the ladies show an intense desire for premier honours, and no doubt a prize-winner experiences sub- stantial benefit from the publication of success. All the samples sent in were of high class quality, but the final decision left Mr. John Cocks, of Indooroopilly, the winner. Mrs. Glenny, from the same place, was second ; and Mr. George Biggs of South Pine, third. The prize for the best 5lb. of butter, which had been given by the Young Australian Mineral Oil Company, was won by Mr. Robert Stevens, of Rocky-waterholes, there being only two entries up to the requisite weight for the prize. No less difficulty was experienced in deciding as to the merits of salt butter in keg. One exhibit, that of Mrs. W. Franz, Upper Caboolture, was unanimously pronounced to be the best, but the judges did not consider it properly entered, as it was not fitted for exportation, and as they were conse- quently unable to entertain it for a prize, they gave a certificate recommending it as excellent butter for " present use." The prize winner, Mr. George Greathead, of Bun- daberg, had already proved the fitness of his butter, and he was also for his well-prepared exhibit accorded the prize of two guineas, pre- sented by his Worship the Mayor. The value Mr. Greathead places on his butter is 1s. 6d.; others were valued at 1s. 7d. and 1s. 8d.; the fresh butter at from 2s. to 2s. 3d. The increas- ing interest taken in these butter contests is a healthy sign in connection with the advance of Queensland dairy farming. The last portion of the section is devoted to hams and bacons, and though there are not as many competitors the manner in which the articles are cured is beyond average. Mr. Tyler, of Harrisville, and Mr. Hutton, of Wickham-street, came in first for hams and bacon respectively. The section is generally representative, and most worthy of a visit. BEE CULTURE. Two of the most interesting exhibits in the exhibition are those in connection with bee- culture. Messrs. Spry Bros., of Flowerdale Bee Farm, Rocky-waterholes, display two hives of pure Italian bees, where the visitor can see the busy insects at work. They also have tempting glasses of honey, congealed, in comb, and extracted. Mr. R. J. Cribb, of Milton, though also having a hive of pure Italian bees, has a very ex- tensive collection of implements and machinery used in connection with the apiary. He is in attendance himself, and explains everything with readiness, and some of the inventions and improvements, especially as regards "ex- tractors," "excluders," "section boxes," and "feeders," are worthy of the closest attention. The apiary will ere long be looked upon in Queensland with a more eager eye as a means of profitable recreation and a constant source of interest. There is a fair market for honey already, and the demand for bees is steadily on the increase. The two exhibits are not only a source of interest to visitors at the exhibition, especially children, but they are well worthy of the honour of having a division to themselves. Mr. Walter Bunney, of the Rosewood, is also a competitor. HORTICULTURAL. ALTHOUGH the previous summer had been very severe on gardens, the mildness of the weather during the past few months has given exhibi- tors an opportunity of adding to the brightness of the building by a good display of horticul- ture in general. The section proper, however, is not so fully represented as it should have been, and this may in a measure be traced to the unwillingness of exhibitors to bring their plants and flowers for competition for prizes ranging from 15s. at the highest to as low as 2s. There was only one fern, and that of a kind rather common in New South Wales, while the specimen plant that stood alone for competition was a species of rock lily. The cut flowers helped considerably to redeem the charac- ter of the section, and competent judges pronounced them equal to anything yet exhibited at this season of the year. The roses are especially choice, and although nearly all the prize honours fell to Mr. E. F. Coxen, of Bulimba, he was at times closely run by Mr. G. Primrose, of Indooroopilly. Some of the flowers were very delicate and the varieties plenty, 1075 on the catalogue being pronounced a rarity. Only two camelias came to view, which considering the present ball season is not to be wondered at, as the high prices paid for " button holes" and the low prices offered gave more inducement for a cash sale than a risky competition. Mr. J. W. Brown, of Kan- garoo Point, has a very choice collection of pansies, in which the beautiful variety known as Lord Beaconsfield predominates. There are some excellent and tastefully arranged bouquets, and the judges found final decision difficult in reference to numbers 1083 and 1082, a third judge being called in and deciding in favour of the former. It is per- haps as well that in future some idea should be given as to the size that a hand bouquet should attain as exhibitors appeared woefully abroad in this matter of dimension, which chiefly caused the two original jurors to dispute. A handsomely arranged basket of cut flowers and a bridal bouquet composed of the purest and choicest white flowers, which came from Ash- grove, are very striking. It was a pity not to see more wild flowers, as such exhibits are within the reach of so many, and those sent in did not appear to have received much care from the gatherers. The next division in the horticultural section comes under the heading of FRUITS. There was only one pineapple for competition, and this was not deemed worthy of a prize. A more cheering sight greeted the judges when they came to inspect the oranges. For the time of the year nothing could have been better except more extended competition. One dish in particular calls for attention. It is a non-competitive entry by Mr. James Voller, of the Samford-road. The oranges are seedling mandarins, of both light and red varieties ; they consist of large luscious fruit, the flavour is unexceptionable, and they are free from an excess of pips. The other exhibits which also attracted great attention came from the gardens of Mr. J.Holmes of Ballard's Camp, near Toowoomba, on the Highfields road. This entry consists of no less than sixty different dishes, representing nearly every kind of orange, from Paramatta, Teneriffe and Poor Workman's to Navel. Some of the varieties are not familiar, but the healthy appearance and delicious taste of all should lead to in- quiries as to the peculiar chemical properties of the producing soil. If memory serves, it was Mr. Holmes who defeated the celebrated Roma orange growers at the recent show there. There were few miscellaneous fruits of any merit, but Mr. A. Williams had a collection which it must have taken some care and trouble to produce, and for this he was awarded the blue card. VEGETABLES. The visitor will experience some disappoint- ment on first entering this division, and the association ought certainly to have been more warmly patronised by vegetable growers. The tables, which would otherwise have been half emptv, have had to be filled with other articles. The shop windows in Queen-street show that, although slightly backward, the season has not been such as to render numerous vegetable ex- hibits at all out of the question The majority of the entries also help to dispel this delusion. The honours of the show in this class go to Mr. W. Soutter, gardener to Mr. D. C. M'Connell, of Cressbrook. His principal exhibit consists of a collection of thirty-six varieties of vegetables, all looking well, and tes- tifying to care and ability. Mr. Soutter's name also appears in many other classes. The carrots and turnips shown are fairly good, and in the latter class Miss M'Dowell and Biggs ran one another so closely that the judges de- cided to declare " equal merit." The cauli- flower are fair, and also the cabbage, one enor- mous head with a stout heart being very fine for the season. The salads are wretchedly poor, and it is deserving the consideration of farmers whether a departure in celery and lettuce growing would not prove very payable. An exhibit of Pak Choi, or Chinese cabbage, was sent in as a new variety of vegetable. It was awarded no prize. A very similar, if not the same, plant has been used on the Burnett years ago for cattle feeding purposes ; it is most decidedly not new. Few potatoes are to be seen in this section, but one collection of ten varieties is worth looking at. On the whole the vegetable division is disappointing, and in future years some special inducement might be offered in the way of a handsome prize for collections. A very pretty collection of herbs, also from Mr. Soutter, stands at the corner of the table, whereon lies his model flower garden, which is a unique, quaint, and rather interesting model. FINE ARTS.—FIRST NOTICE. In this department the show ia decidedly m advance of that of last yeal Mr. Tenner's marine paintings in oil are well worthy of notice, but we were disappointed to find that so many who wore exhibitors at tim recent displav at the School of Arts, in ud of the Technical College, are absentees from Bowen Park Messrs Bentley and Swain, this year, how ever, the same is last one, arc strongly represented and if wo cannot have tho pictorial gems of tif Sydnev Gallciy or Arts and othei galleries exhibited heroin propria persona, wo have, at least some photo lithographic copies of them, which br nghome to us their beauties in that softened and contracted foim, which a di rninishcd sun copy of a largei pictme nearly al wa} s presents That hot and stir ring r.ndshaip and speedy, nffaii at " Rorke's Drift" shoAs the bitter business of war at its ci isis, while the "Roll Call" m tho Cnmca, l8 >4, No 1237, gives us a sight of the sad iftci effect of the same Another Sydney gallcr} picture, the "Betrothed, ' sots foi th in classic graceful stylo the sweet tendci delirium that precedes that othei sobei stern thing, called matrimony The " Dead Lamb " is a touching commentary on the wisdom of tho fifth com mandment, and the "Princes in the Tower" illustrates what men w ill go through foi that doubtful benefit known as a throne The boy "Captain of the Eleven" looks as if all the vvoild depended on the manner m which he is about to play the coming enckot ball, while the Semitic Ruth, plump and comely, as if fed on anything but mere gleanings, quite jus titles the i ecorded good taste of Bonz Another photo htho No IS-}*) gives us the "Grand Old Naval Men" of 13SS cooli} playing bowls, in oi di i to uso up the fen leniaming liorna lill they can do some other bowling with real effect on the new!} sighted Spa uah marino bullies of Shakspenre's day The "Soldiers Returning from Inkerman," No 1240, reminds us of the doughty deeds ind wasted Inca that went to save the honour cf the day in November 1S31, when Sir De Lacy Evans's unheeded advice to Lord Raglan to place a battery at the head of the rav ino, might liav f» sav ed us and our allies from the honour of the fightnnd the terrible p-icethat we paid foi it Anothei picture No 12.J, shows us the " L'on and the Lamb" lying do ni toecthor, and it would bo strange aftei all, if such a tame will fed looking " softv " as this (albeit will di awn) lion did anything othnr than let the limb "bub" The "tharne of the Scots' Grc}B (fromMrg Butlci'sv eil known pichiró), i No 12SS u a grand conception and vivid painting of a scene of wild heartfelt excite ment, patiiotic Scotchmen hurrahing for Sent land to the maddf nmg thunder of hor«c hoofs, and yet the masterl} foreshortening gives olio moro the idea of a race lo a goal for a pi /o than of the movement of a body of di8Citihned cavalry. How contrasted is this scene with the equally lion-like but comparativly motionless courage of the British squares at "Quatre Bras" (No. 1241) belching death and defiance from the old Tower muskets on the French horsemen, sixty or seventy years before Gattling, Snider and Co. made the death-mowing business so much more simple and like the modern reaping machine's opera- tion. A picture that rivets the eye of the observer is that of "Lutretia Borgia"; what grouping! what startling contrasts! The exquisite shapeliness of foot and limb, height- ened by her masquerade attire, in this blonde and passionate princess of hot southern blood, is aduniably set off by the bystanding weird and elfin dwarf that looks like her attendant demon; her own brother Cesare, seems hardly less smitten with her Circean charms than does the dazzled Moslem "swell" who sits near his Holiness Pope Alexander the Sixth. It is a grand subject, full of human passion, and grandly dealt with by the artist. More in teresting to us, even if less artistic, are some sketehes of Australian scenery, No. 1171, chiefly in Queensland. Dalryple's Gap, near Cardwell, the Valley of the Brisbane and Stanley Rivers, the lonely mailman be- tween Ravenswood and Townsville; the bold hills of Eskdale, on the Burnett-road , Gympie, from the Surveyors' Camp, form only a few of a collection that will interest all old Queens- landers. Near to those named is a picture of a cricket match (1183), with a fielder who re- sembles Hornby or Abselon, in style, deftly stooping in his stride to whirl back the fleeting ball in the direction of the wickets again. In the oil colour portrait department, the gentle- man who represents the Queen in this colony is shown, flanked by two politicians, bicd in vastly diffeient schools andera-to wit K I O Doherty and S W Gnthch Messis Lomer and Mathewson, the rival pbotogiaphcrs of Brisbane appear to have fairly exhausted the resources of carefully adjusted light anl shade, md the oeeult povveis of once refractory, but now subservient, photogra pine chemicals, to produce the peifccfc portraiture-second to nothing m Trisco or Manhattan, Melbourne 01 London-which appears this jeai m Bowen Park We have previously spoken of 'photo lithographs' in this notice Some people dispute the correct ness of this term, and îefer the peculni lesult and finish shown in those pictures to ' Wood buiy tjpo" oi some new I lench pioccss but, be this as it may, the effect is most satisfuctoiy in lcproducing, economically the beauties of high class oil painting* In Messis Lomer's co lection tho lio Bli" i cricket team fcioup well, os do also oin lota' Ooullnaus chara pion crow of four, hoking as hai d as beef fi esh air and exercisocan make thom lhercisalso a beautiful tinted hkcniss of Miss kellie Stewart, so well known to Brisbane pla} poors intho"Glou Glou,' of "La ¡Mascotte and its nightingale notes there is also a sinking likeness of the lato Sir Al Muir Kennedy Mr G. D Russells collection is very good, and the fish on boaidthe "Watci witch No U.>2 make the mouth water and " Alloway's Auldkirk,' is a scene that \ ill take Queensland a whole centuij to woik up to and lcpioduce in full cb n actcr Amongst tho sculptures Mt John Peti le'slions aie nituril enough to make one glad that those huge cats aie of stone and not dan/ei 0U3 flesh and blood No 1103 is very well diawu, and with cleverh colomed sea and skj i epi escntitig a t oitgh day olE the lmi/'ieno atmg (oin of Hastings on Hie Sussex Coast llio' Head of Gci mann No 117 J, show 3 the firm massiv o mothei of a nation of gi eat sons and gi cat daughtcis who have played i leidmg part in the worlds di ama sineo the days of Julius Co.sar No lib!, "Scene at Lit«}elie,' and No 1100, "Painted Flowcis mo really good and icflcct ci edit on otu auiatcui aitist ladies No 1180, is a touching " In Mcmoriam," hy ono who lias cwdeiuly suffered, as parents, in Bnsbanc, as elsewhere too often havo to do No 1185, is equally sad and suggestiv e, the mounted oflicoi of Marl boioughs dav, lea ling a rideiless chai ger up to the door of a quaintl} enned fino old Tudor mansion, and the lest of tho pitiful story and its bl oken hearts and ciushod hopes can bo safely left to tho imagination of tho specta tot who news this inlet eating etching, exhibited hy Mi A H Stn tth, of Bowen terrace No 1144, a sea and rock piece shown by Mi M'ladjcan, of Toowong, is fi esh blight and tinotonatuie, with a Now South Wales kind of coast look about it. No 1149 îcpi esents tho rising noithern capital lownsv illo No 1150 by ¡Mi Jonnei, of George sticet, Busbane isa little gem-a mullum m pal vo pictme Mr Detlef Fiancks alabastoi goods aie fine, woiks of art, and the fact that such arc now ti ade impoits of oin city maiks an eta of progiess fiom the old ludo bush fashion and furnitmo of early Brisbane days The pupils of tho lcchnical School send in some vci y ci editable di aw mgs in black and white crayon, and it is to be hoped that this infant institution will ru on parallel lines—as regards the educational wants and needs of this great colony—with the re- nowned and immeasurably useful schools that adorn the Continent of Europe, and guide the labours of its people Signor Resa's modelling and illuminations, No. 1195, &c.;, are a great novelty in this part of the vvoild , nnd amongst the " oxtia ' class we must not omit to favourably notice some paintings on vcUctund satin (fiom Toowoomba and Wai wick lcspocttvcly), by ladies of the Dirhng Downs-anolhei sign that aleisuied class is springing up ni Queensland by way of contrast to the technical schools, without which no countt y can cvci be rcallj gi eat APP\R4TUS AND APPLICATION' OF I-JBLIUL ARTS In this section theie weio eighteen classes, but one class onl} is ropiosentcd The exbi bitoi3 arc the Queensland Piano and Music Wai chouse Limited «ho have on view ci»ht exlnbitj TL ci c ai o tw o grand pianos one by Bord and the other bj the «oil 1 icnowncd Plojcl The lattci ia a splendid instuimcnt, an 1 is exactly similar to that nt present in use by Miss Bim ctt at the Tow n Hall There arc also two organs of tho best quality, and six upi ight pi mos hy the follow ing makers - Hundt and Sons, Collai d, Lipp Munon, and Bnnsmejd There is one othei exhibit in this section classed as extra It is a knot of string nets foi the protection oE fruit against II) mp foxes and is exhibited bj Mi William Souttei of Ciessbrook 1'ho nets aro made of avoij thinstnng and being tied in a knot, it is difficult to si> what they aie like, but the ticket on them states that thev aie a sute pi o tection for fruit again3t the flying fox pest The opinion was cxpiessed moro than once jestcuHv b> poisons examining the nets that they mi"ht bo of use m a sma'l carden, but thoie would bo much trouble end expense attached to them if employed in au orchard of any considerable siro CLOTHING AND OTHER OBJECTS OF PERSONAL WEAR Tho classes in these sections which should form some of the most atti activo featuics of the Exhibition to lady visitors arc very meagi ely i opresonted Thei o ai e no exquisito costumes, superior silken mnnufactutps, nor rich materials and stuffs to interest tho fair sox A few exhibits of embroideries, wool, and lace work, tatting and crochet work, with two small collections of under cloth ing for laihoj and children, almost make up the entire section In cotton manufactures there is but ono oxhibit th it of Miss Hoare, of Gregory terrace a cotton quilt which gets the prizo Miss Mathinc Peterson, of Wolloon gabba, takes tho first xirizo for a collection of embroidery and othei beautiful work , Mrs E Shearing of Windsor road first prize for a crochet antimacassar, Mrs M I Barton, of the Waterworks rood first prize for a knitted counterpane, and Mrs Soiason has been awa-ded the first prize for a beautiful silk cushion woikcd by hand, and set off to ad vantage in a handsomo gliss case Mis Balmcr's largo glass case of exhibits of cushions, dolls of all sizes tastefully dressed, and all lands of fancj goods goc3 a long way to redeem this part of tho show Mrs Balmcr also shows underclothing for ladies and children, the work in vhich is of a, superior kind, and no doubt will bo much admired Mrs Torde, of Berry street, Ins boon awarded first pnzc for her collection of white work and flannels, and Mrs Guggs of Sandgate, first prize fora dimity quilt woikcd with pockets A few othor exhibits simtlat to the foiegomg, with some boots and shoes of different kinds, constitute this section PRODUCTS OF MINING AND FORESTRY. Considering what Queensland as a colony, could fhow in the way of mines and frosts, it cannot bo dome 1 that the annual bill of fare in tina department at Bowen Pai'c appears (and most m account iblj too) to gio v " small by degrees and beautifully less" We usually look in vam foi Gympie or liny evidence of its existence as a gol Ifield Flic tamo remark applies nhtajs to Charterj Towers and the Cloncurry, and those of ns who can icmember the goigcous local an I mineral exhibits of 1870 and 1S79 in tho same btuldin ; eau only como to the conclusion that mine owners as a rule are a utilitarian and non . demonstrative raco of beings, who care nothing for bronze medals, gloij, honour, or "pio"'iess," as then eyes aie solely bent on scrip and dividends Hiero aro some few honouiiiblo exceptions, hovvevir the lion A îvoiton has a neat cabinet chiefly devoted to the setting foi th of tho mineral capabilities of tho rich, but neglected, distnet that simounds Poit Ciiitis and which ixtcnds from Cania on the south to the Mount Moil in mino on the no1 th, and ncstwaid to Kroombit and the Cid hope, tile Boyne i eof s, w Inch Old Tylei, of Call forma and New Oilcans meiuoiy, tiled so haul to develop the gold teeming, but despised, Cvvvarral, Ciocodilc, and Morinish now bul fair, by tho elevation of thin sister Mount Morgan into the peerage of picmior gold mines, to attiact the attention which they have all along deserved, but inver received, from raining eui ltnhsta G}mpieis not quite un îepresonted, however, this time, and the No 1 south Wilmot sends a glass ease full of magm hceiit quart/, seamed with the sulpliui coloured gold and sulphuret of leal which generally mark the reefs that lie near the Smithfield or Monkland. The specimens are from no mu low leader eithci, and the width of vein is all that could be desired for such i ich stone Anothei kind of "atone" is shown by tho Queensland Stone paving Company of Booval, neal Ipswich, a h ird blue rock that greatly re sembles the blue ¡atone, of which so many lead ing buildings in Melbouuic aie constiuctcd In this depaitment the extract of sonp made at 199 Leichhardt street ia the solo exhibit in tina line, and the Grazieia' Butchei mg Company, of Stanley atrcct, stand nlonc in basila and tanned lamba' alema Mi Blackman's col lection of natural history introduces us to some novelties in the way of snakes and lizards of species not picwously discoicicd Some oi tho lizards have the bro id tail of the newt and eft of our English ponds, one, with its all but in visible legs, appears to be a snake, pure and simple, ono ' lid} ' .coipion with hei infant family api cars to have met a sudden and un timely death m the mcthjlatcd spa it, while the maisupial rat and mouse, like most of Mr Blackmail's other exhibits, como from Wari ah, in the Poi t Curtis district I he butterfly fish, which ho also shows, cornea from Tasmania however. COMMON INDUSTRIES Under the somewhat too bioadly compro hensive heading of Comu on Industnes we find a catalogued definition "Machinery, Apparatus and Products The entues in the section were not mum rous except in respect to carnages and harness an I a"ddlery In tho formel of the classes sj ceil ed all the piincipil local dims wcie icpicsenlcl while Ipswich mid Toowoomba manufacturers sent exhibits Mi Lidils of Albert stieet lui the laigoat eollec tion of vehicles in the s!u and his exhibits ranged fiom a laigo family wag-onette to a veiy handy looking little jony enrt A cut mulei hooded wa_¡-onctte ¡> eui ed a hist pi uc but ) ei Imps the li mdsoi n.t of Mi Lddas assoitmcnt wcie a doul le atcd hooded i ony phaeton a reversible driving waggon (which seemed a first pn/e) nul i phaeton cnria.e cut mulei hooded walouette Mesois John M Nab and Son of Geor.c stieet ilsosentouta very fine lot of vehicles Hie most pretentious of which wj a tiap in wl ich the or linn y um of moitals only ndc once in a lifetime and that is when they ino Kal It was a he nae a handsome, nm^nilitiiillj furnished aifaii, but notât all calcul itcd to in | ne one with cheer fulieflcctions Hie furn show ed the handsomest dogcirt in the Exhibition a high tiap veiy suitable foi a good sized tan lorn te un of horsis Hortins a fit st pure uns "tven Aveiyfmc canot y vmggonettc and an Ainci ican St inhopo cirt weie the moie prominent of tho othei of M V ib and Son s collection Mi Troy, of Eli/iboth street, lind a good assoitmcnt and wcie well forward m pii/ctiking tho best of thou collection bein}, a Devtei Queen bit-gy and a cut uudei waggonette Mi James Lal lanfmc of Stanley sticef South Brisbane, was as usiul well leptesontcl the best looking of his exhibits b"iug a side bai buggy and a cn cul u mt mulei buggy Mi Alexandei M Leau showed a very elaborato carved waggonette, but a Cioydon cait fiom the annie establishment was 1 cautifully finished Mi Hool of the San kate Hotel, showed some handsome imported vehicles, a medical biou.ham being tho most icmarkablo Mi W li Kinghorn, of Rocky Witerholcs scntin a couple of veiy f,oo 1 Vehicles, a dof,cart ni u 1 e 1 at thf> low figuic of Í.2J being a i eally hcineciblo looking tiap Mi Guee, of Wick ham sheet was repiescnted by a couplo of caits a pony g idabout being a veiy jolly little aflair Mi J imcs M mscll of Gre} street, South Bnabanc also showed a handaomo pony cait and Mi Hurfoid of toowoomba g lined ciedit for a beautifully finished cut uudei buggy and a Dcnmaik phaeton A Battlcsdcn caí, nude of a It-lit yellow wood with ced u sides was shown by Mi 1 ox ofbhifston and a gig vinssent in b} Mi Phillips, of Adelaide stieet Hie show of vehicles was icumikably good though in futuie wo think competition should be îestricted to the work of colonial mnmifactiniiig films In class 824 foi black Minlhs woik, th_iovv isonlj one cxlubitoi Mi Jos Schmitt, of Ann stieet, Eortitudo Valliy, w ho show ed a couplo of sets of hoi scshocs Tho exhibits weie deadline, of vi aim cotumciida tion Messrs Watson and Tcrguson w ei o to the foie with their nickel mounted lubber stamp», foi which i special pripe was awaided In the class foi harness, Mi N Lade, of Queen sti cot took first honouts, Mi Jaiman, with a set of brown staimd leathci bu^g} harness being second Hie saddle! y exhibits were good the tnat pi 170 falling to Mr Bciai of Yculbah, foi alight saddle made by John Wciuckc, of \ embah a youth ibout 20 yeais of age The knecpads of this siddlo were worked up out of the solid lcathei and weie without a cíense, the finish of the exhibit being be} on I a fault Messrs Hill and Co of t coi go stieet and Mi Lade, had exhibits woithy of their estab lishmcnts and Mi Jaiman was in this class is well lcprcsentcd is usual, his stock saddles being csi eel lily tulum ed Amongst the other exhibits in the «ection the moat mticenblo wcie an inatigetiient of electric bells shown by Mi H HiuidoiIf of Albert stieet and some lino bic}cles fiom tho establishment of Mesáis Huir} Box md Sons Mi r A Blackman, of Watci lew, Bicil fast Cieek exhibited a cou)le of mo leis, which will be of mtciest to those eng iged ni stock laising One was of the biiiiiiling and spc}ing juids at Wano station and the othei w ab ti leg rope fitting to bo used instead of i ui(,s au 1 by means of w hieb, rop's could bo moro cisily f istcned and un fastened than b} the ordinal y means A chnkei built yacht on a small scale perfectly fittol, w is alt.0 ixhibited by Mi Blackman, being the woik of his son, oged 17 PRIIZE SCHEDULE The following which is the remn.ndci of the twaids of the jin ois in the undermentioned clasjcs completes the pure list, with the ex ception of the co itcbis } et to be decided, and the loth section (clothing, x,c ) The judges in the latter have liol vit handed in thou list oE aw lids, although they examined tho exhibits on Tuesday and the pi izo cards w ero attached the same day. HORSES Si I ci u Pri/tsa-Dc tded yesteidaj Messrs DOM Connel and Son for best blood Stallion any ni,o £ >3 and hrnestWllte ksi for Blood Station a'apted for gcttlnr weight carr} mjr hacks £' Messrs Ü C M Connol and bon a Kcugny Mcssi* Flavollo Bros for best Blood > illy, 2 an 1 under 1}tata £5 ja M Maisie s Galatea Mcasrs Perry Bros for best Hack in the Icxhl bitlon cup vnluoßj'is Colonel i roncha Count I) lait lisq for best Coaching S nlllon , W SU plions s Muiqtiis of Clov eland Mcssis Geo Hauls and Co for best Coaching Mare £'2s \v Stephons s Mary Anne James btodart ICsq for beat hansom cub horso and harness £° 2s Maynard HUNTERS (HORSE OR MARE) 1 li-bt pri/o £10 becon 1 prize £?> All horses toeairyllst or over and jump ns diicotci Henty C Y*col Durundur Hojnl blk Aged bj Royalllon (Imp) first Krnest Mintor Bris buno Cicam aged second HEAVY DRAUGHT HORSE. Stal ion 1 years an I ov er colonial bred Pirst pii/o i.i second pti/e £1 Alex H itt jun Mindaloo, Kelvin b 7 j cars 8 months silo Lord Cb do dam Pt Ince ss "Maud th llrst AlcxanJcr Mollit Wurri'l Bunk lliumpct dk li 5 vo is 8 montis siro Punco of Kilbivda (CO') dam Bcs3(3j) LICENSED DRAYMANS PRIZES. Geldinc,ri -Mr T unes Tnckson s Champion first Mr Williams a Kui mer seconl Mr Tnmes Jackson s Brinco third, Mr Ciiristlnu Smith s Major, fourth. Mares JUr A Al on s North first Mr Grays lioso second Mr J unes Jackson a Lady Oruy third Air Jamieson s Magglo fourth Champion of both classes - Mr James Jack sora s Champ'on CATTLE. SPECIAL PRIZES. Judres Messts A Norton MIA H li K1 lou \\.V li Lim al d J 0. I olllns Mc«srs Tostet a 11 Kelk for heat bull in tho Ínrl a b-on/o sti'uo vnluo £21 also Messrs I I) Morehead an 1 Go for best bhotthoni bull under 1 jotra ' e tinea» Mr J Horvvoods \> ilil L}cs liukc 1th led 10 months Mesare, 1 lav clio Uros for bes puiehred lire lins Cow giasä fed ?£> os Jvovv /"aland Stn! and Pcd!c,roe block Companys Itixereile Daisy 2nd uged. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co.. for best Heroford Bull, under 3 years, Ü55s. [Jurors dis ngreeing.'Mr. li. Bracker appointed reioree.] New Zealand Stud and Pcdigroo Stock Company's Prince George llth. FAT CATTLE. Psn of flvo Fut Oxon, o ver.S years old, and of uniform breed. First prize, 21s, ; second prize, t'crtitlcato. Kotiert M. Collins, Tamrookum, grass fed; first. M'Connel and Wood, over 3 5-onrs, gr.issfed ; second. John Collins and Sons, Mun doolan. grnss-fcil; highly commonilod. Pen of 5 Kat Cows. I). C. Jl'Connol and Son, gruss-fed ; «rat, M'Comiell and Wood, grass-fed: Becond. Best Ox, any agc. First prl¿c, £1; second, eertl Acate. John Collins and Sons ; first. Tho Gra- ziers' Butchciing Company, Bowman, rn., from Colinton; second. Host Cow. any ago. First prize, £1; second prizo, certificate. I). C. M'Connel and Son; first. I>. C. M'Connel nnd Son ; second, SHEEP. Champion Cup, valuo £jás.; beat fine-combing merino ram. G. Clark and Co., East Talgai; bred by exhibitors; 2 years 2 months, by hilly whito out at an ltast Talgai stud cwo. Resorve: G. Clark and Co.; 3 years 6 months. Highly com- mended : Marshall and Slade; J years3 months. Champion Cup, value £5 5s.; boat ftuo-comblng merino ewe. G. Clark and Co.; bred by exhibi- tors ; 2 years. Reserve : J. L). Macansh ; 2 years. FAT STOCK. Pen of flvo crossbred Wothcrs or Ewes. Prize, .Bl. Wallace and Casey, Normanby, Harrisville; fed in Income paddocks ; drat aud second. Pen of /Ive Merino Wethers or Kvves. Prizo, £1. Wnllace and Casey, Harrisville; fed in lucerne paddocks; first. Judge's Note.-Tho judges call attention to a fault of classing long-woolled sheep with tho merino und crossbreds. Tho Lincolns exhibited deserve a prizo, but do not handle so well as tho crossbreds. DOGS. Pugs (sluts). First prize, 7s. Od. William Poarso, North Quay, Joan. POULTRY—(continued). GAME VARIETIES—(Errata). Brown-broustod, Red Cook. J.Lorgessnor, Wool- loongabba, ia months ; first, Palo or Wlnto-breastcd, Bed Cock and lion. Thomas Scanlun, South Brisbane, li months. Alf i ed Nclms. West Knd, 7 months. Pigeons.-First prizo, 5s.; Bocond, certificate. Carriers-Dun, cock or hon. John H. Park, Enoggera, first. Barbs-Black, cock and hon. N. Sargeant, Spring Hill, first. Beards-hong-faced, any colour, cock and bon. J. Sargeant, Grogory-terraco, first; J. H. Park, Knoggera, second. Bulülioiids. any other colour, cock and bon. James Clarke, Stanley-street, South Brisbane, first. Dragons, bluo, cook and hen, LT. Bostock, Ips- wich, first. Dragons, nny other colour, cook and hen. John Fenwick, Milton, first; C. D, ilampaon, Spring Hill, second. Antwerps, long-fncoâ.bluo chequered, cock and hen-P. Troy. 101 izabeth-street, first. Antwerps, long-faced, blue, cooknnd lion. J. II. Park, Enoggera, first ; P. Troy, Klizaboth-strcot, deconcl. Antwerps. long-faced, nny other colour, cock and lion. C. 1). Uampson, Spring Hill, first; P. Troy, Kllzabclli-strcct, second. Turblts, Almonds, cock and lion. J. Sargeant, Crcgoiy-torracc, fli&t.; Tumblers, short faced, any colour, cook and hen. H. Spring, Breakfast Creek, first ; P. Troy, second. Ti uri bl ci s, long-faced, any colour, cook mid lion. A. 15 Hooper, Ipswich, first; P.Troy, second. Birmingham rollere, cock and hen. O. D. Uampson, ii rat. Faiitall.s, any colour, cook and lion. P. Troy, first. i' Uwls, African, nny olhor colour, cockandhon. John Sargeant, first ; C. I). Uampson, second. Owls, English, miy colour, cook and lion. 0. D. Hnmnson, first. Be->t Pair, any kind, cock and hen, C. D. Ttainpsnn. whito jacobins, first; John Sargeant, black beard, second. Class Ettrn. J. II. Goldsmith. Botvcn-tcrraco, ringdoves, 2 birds, ono 2 years and ono 2 weoks, first. Canuiiin.-First prizo, 7s, Gd.; second prizo, corti (¡cato. Helgiiims, clear yollowor ticked. JosephGrcou, Spring Hill, first and second. Hclgiiinis, clear bull' or ticltod. Joseph Bills, Qticcn-ftrcct, Brisbane, first and Reeond. Lancashire C'>ppies, crested buff. J. Green, Spring Hill, first. Yorkshire Class, any colour. W. J. Walsh, Spring Hill, first ; Joseph Bills, second. Norwich, clear or ticked. Joseph Greon, Spring Hill, IIibI; Jusepli Billa. Queen-street, second. Norwich, clear butt* or ticked. Joseph Green, Spring Hill, first. Norwich, variegated yellow or buff. Josopli Green, Spring Hill, first; Josopli Bills, Queon street, Brisbane, 2 years, eeoond. Norwich, crostud, clear yellow bodj-, with clour gray or dark crest. Joseph Green, HpringHUl, ilr.-t. Norwich, clear buff holy, with gray or dark crc3t. Joseph Green, Spring Hill, first. Cinnamon, clear yellow or buff, Yorkshire tvpe. Joseph Green, Spring Hill, first; Josopli Dill?, Quccn-strcct, Brisbane, 2 years, second. Cinnamon, clear yellow or buff*, Norwich typo. Joseph Grcou. Spring Hill, first and second. Oreen, Yellow, or Buff, any other varloly. Joseph Green, Spring Hill, yollow- grcon, first; Jo-oph Greon, Spring IBU, green, second. Green-crested. Joseph Green, Spring Hill, first and second. CrcHted, any other yarlot}' not previously speci- fied. \V. J. Walsh, Spring Hill, bufT yellow, 1 j-oar, first; ,Tos"ph Greon. Spring Hill, cinnamon crest, c'oar In ff body, second. Clear yellow or buff body, gray or dark crest. Joseph Greon, Spring Hill, first. Variegated, buff crostcd. No award. Goldfinch. Josopli Oroon, Spring MU. Now Zealand (imp.), first; Joseph Greon, Spring Hill, English (imp.), socond. Collection of twelve, any variety. Josopli Bills, Quoen-slreot, Brisbane, 1 year, first. MISCKfiliANKOÜS. English Sour Birds, any variety. Fir.<t prize, 53\. Jowph Greon, Spring Hill, linnet; first Guinoa Pigs. nair. First prizo, 5s. CD. Uamp- son, Spring tllll ; first. i:xtra, Joseph Hills. Queen-street, Brisbane, native talking cookntoo und parrots; highly commended. WINE. Stewards; Messrs. Robert Douclns, T. do Win- ton, and J, Stevenson, M.L.A. Judges: Hon. J. C. Heussler, M.L.C. ; Signer Pulió, Mr. Joalah Young. Light Wine, not oidor thon Mio vintago of 1832. First prizo. bronze medal. G. S. Lambert, Indoo- roopilly; ISSJ, Vcrdeilho ; 300 gallons, 7s. per gul. ; first. Light Wine, older than tho vintago of 1S82. First prizo. bronze modal ; second, certificate. No flr^t award; O. S. Lambert, Indooroopilly, 1SS1, Vcrdeilho; second. Full-bodied Whito Wino. not oidor than tho vintago of 1SS2. First prizo, bronzo modal ; second, certificate. G. S. Lambert, Vordcilho, 18S2; first, G. S. Lambert, Whito Hormitago, 1SS2; second. Full-bodied White Wine, older than tho vint- ago nf 1SS2. First prizo. bronzo medal. J. S. Limitiert, Madcivn, 1S80; first. Best Whito Wino mado In Queensland. First prize, bronzo medal. G. S. Lambert, 1SS0, Ma- deira! first. G. S. Lambert, 1SS3, Vordcilho; second. No'iK.-Mr. D. J. Child's exhibits all arrived too loto for competition. SUGAR AND SUGAR-PRODUCING PLANTS. Steward : Mr. J. Young. Judges : Messrs. Humo Black. M.L.A.; A. B. II. Pietzckcr, and G. Grimes. First prizo, bronzo medal; second prizo, certi- ficate. Sugar, white, refined, or otherwise not less than 701b. Robert Cran and Co., Bundaberg. Slllhiqiiin, £32 per ton; first. A. C. Mucmillan, per Ploano and Co . lïlizabeth-atreot ; second. Sugar, vocuum. unrefined, net less than 701b. Young Bros, and Co., Kalamia, Lower Burdekin : Hist; Matthew P. Muir, Benowa, Southport. £25 por ton; second. Sugar, vacuum, unrefined ; for sugar boilers only. L. J. Ringuot. per Slenno mid Co., Eliza- beth afreet; first. Benjamin Gautier, Kalamia, Lower Burdekin; second. Best collection o£ Sugars, manufactured by ex- hibitor. Matthew P. Sluir, Benowa, Southport. ¡625 por ton ; first. EXTRA. Brlsb-.ne Refinery Company, Limited, Brisbane. Gobion syrup; first. FARM AND DAIRY PRODUCE. Stewards : Messrs. G. Grimes, 51 L.A.. and J. Jackson. Judges : Messrs. S. Grimes, G, Harden, A. Watt. John Wilson, W. Crawford, and E. Michaol. CEREALS. Four Bushels Wheat, from n bulk of not less than 40 bushohs. First prize, J03.; second prize, coitlflcnto. Charles Lowi«,Freestono Ciook ; first. W.D. Lamb, Yangan, Swan Creek, Warwick; setitrnd, ' Mnlzo in (Sob, nny sort, not ]e°s than 50 cobs. First prize. 10s.; second prizo, certificate. J. Tainton, sherwood; first, li. Wilson, Rocky Waterholes; second. Four bushels largo Yellow Jlaizc, from a bulk of not less than iO bushels. First pri/.o, loo,; second prizo, ccrtificato. J. Tainton, Sherwood; first and second. Four Uushels Red Cob Maize shelled, from a bulk of not les3 than f'irty bnshoip. First prizo. 15'.; second prize, cortillcato. li. Wilson, Rocky Water- holes, first; W. M'DowiiU. Oxley, second. Four Bushels Wiiito Maize from a bulk of not less Ihnn forty bushels. First prize, 15s.: socond prize, certificate. W. M'Dovvall, Oxley, first. Broom Mdlet, in bundles, tvvelvo heads. Prize, 15s \V. M'Dovvall. Oxloy, first Boas, linlf-bushcl. Prizo. lös. G. Johnston, Lower Swan Crook. Warwick, first. Lucerno .ueed, 101b. First prize, los.; second prizo. cortiflcs.te\ W. D. Lamb, Swan Creek, Warwick, first. ROOTS. ETC. Potatoes, lowr., from a bulk of nt least 1 ton. Prize, 303. J. M. Cook, Laidley ; first. i'otatoos, anv now variaty, Jcwr. Prizo, los. GoorgoBigga, Bonya, South Pino; first. Turnips, yellow, hybrid, or whito, best exhibit I lewt. Flr't prizo, 15s.; second prizo, certificate. D. C. M'Connel and Sons. Swedes; first. W. M'Doivnll. Emperors ; second. W. M'Dowall, mangolds : first. ! Carrots, field, lewt. Pr'ze, I03. W. M'Dowall, I Oxlov; first. ! Kohl Kabl. or turnip rooted Cabbage lewt. I First prize, 15s.; second prizo, cerfflcatc. William I SouttT, Cressbrook ; first. W, Jl'Dowall, Oxley; ! sccotd. . . Collection of Roots, boat and largest. First prize, 30s.; socondprize, certificate, w. M'JDowall, Oxley, first. Fii-ld Pumpkins-three. Prize, las. David England, Pine Uiver, first. Turmeric-71b A. Williams, first. Purple Arrowroot. Prizo, 153. Joäcph Cowloy, Samsonvale, first. Ginger-large. A. Williams, first. HAY. Oaten, 1 trn;s. First prize, 40s.; second prize, oertiflcuto. Joslalt Uwins, Sherwood station, first ; Robert Armstrong, Erinvale, Warwick, second. Lucerne, 1 truss. First prize. £2 ; socond prizo certificate. Bernard Hughes. Swun Crook. War- wick, £7 10a. por ton ; first. John Campbell, Laid- ley; second. Oaten Chaff, 1 balo. First prize, ßl 10s.; second prizo, certifícalo. No first awarded. Robert Armstrong, Erinvale, Warwick, 2 cwt, 20s.; second. Lucerne Chaff, 1 balo. First prize, 30s.; second Îirize, certificate John Moffatt, Shorwood ; first. Jcrno.rd Hughes, Swan <:roek, Warwick; first. Thomas Brow, Harrisville, Ipswich; second. DAIRY PHODUCE. Butter, fresh, not les3 than 31b. First prize, 30b.: socond prizo, 10b.; third prizo, certificate. John Cocks, Indooroopilly; first. Mrs. Glenny, Indooroopilly; second. George Biggs, South Pine; third. Butter, salt, 1 keg. First prizo, 30s.; second prize. lOi. George Greathead, Bundaberg;; Is. Gd. por Ib.; first, also Mayor of Brisbane's special prize. S. D. (edwards. Harrisville; second. Mrs. William Franz, Upper Caboolture-Judges' note: Excellent butter; worthy of first prizo, but not salt enough for suit butter. Special prizo of £1 Is., given by Young Australian Mineral Oil Company: Mrs. Robert Stevens, 61b. butter. Hams, two, dairy or farm fed, from a bulk of not iess than 5cwt. First prize, 30s.: second prizo, certificate. William Tyler, Harrisville, first. The Uruzicrs' Butcltorlnc; Company, second. Bacon, two sides or flitches, dairy or furm fed, from a bulk of not less than fiowt. First prize, 303.; second prize, certificate. J. C. Hutton, Forti- tude Valley, first. William Tylor, second. OTHER FARM PRODUCE. DIVISION F. (a) Honey in Comb ; (b) Houoy (oxtractod) to bo shown in ele cr glasses ; (c) Bobo Bue-hivcs, und things appertaining thereto. First prize, bronze medal ; socond prize, certifícate. Spry Bros., one comb foundation machine ; first, li. J. Cribb, Milton, one automatic und Novice honey extrac- tor; recommended for bronzo medal. HORTICULTURAL. Stewards: Messrs. R. If. Lawson, T. W. Connaît. Judges : Messrs. J. Pink, W. It. Koll'ord. pot plants. Single specimen fern, open to all-Nono worthy prizo. Best Specimen Plant of any kind, open to amnteurd only. No first prize. E. F. Coxon, Bulimba; second. out flowers. Ro3CS ; open to all ; six distinct blooms-A.Wil- liams, Elgbt-milo Plains, Bix roso3; first. E. F. Coxon, Bulimba; socond. Roses; tltroo distinct blooms-E. P. Coxon, Bulimba; first. A.Williams, Kight- milo Plains, three rosos; Hoooiid. Roses; Bínelobloom.dark-K.F.Coxon.Bulimba; first. A. Williams, Eight-mile Plains, one roso second. Roses; singlo bloom, light-B. F. Coxen, Bu- limba; iirjt. No second. Roses ; singlo bloom ; any colour-J. W. Brown, thrco blooms;, first. A. Williams, Kight-milo Plains, 1 roäo; second. Camellia ; single bloom—E. F. Coxen, Bu- limba; first. A. Williams, Eight-mile Plaina: second. Pansies; three distinct blooms, dark—J. W. Brown. Kangaroo Point; first. Pansies, three distinct blooms, light—J. W. Brown. Kangaroo Point, first. Diaiilhus, three distinct blooms—No award. Bouquets, hand—J. Curtis, Ashgrove, first; J. Cocks. Indooroopilly, second. Bouquets, band, wild flowers—Miss Hunter, ipswich, first; John Cocks, Indooroopilly, second. Bouquets, bridal—J. Curtis, Ashgrove, first; Mrs. S. H. Hunter, Ipswich, socond. Bouquets, buttonhole, three—J. Curtis, Ash- grove, first. Bouque's, buttonhole, single—J. Curtis, Ash- grove first. Basket Cut Flowers, arranged for effect for Drawing-room table—J. Curtis, Ashgrove, first. FRUITS. Oranges, tabee collection—J. Holmes, Ballard's Camp, first (specially commended). A. Williams, Eight-milo Plains, second. Oranges, preserving collection—No first award. A. Williams, socond. Lemons, twelve—J. Holmes, Ballard's Camp, first. A. Williams, second. Cumquats, twelve—A. Williams, first. Limes, twelve—No first award. A. Williams, second. Papaw Apple, two—No flrst award. A. Wil- liams, Eight-miie Plains, second. Class 518—A. Williams, Eight mile Plains, second. VEGETABLES. Broad Beans — not less than 12 pods. W. M'Dowall, Oxley, first; J. Curtis, Ashgrove, second. Peas—singledish. William Soutter, Cressbrook, first; W. M'Dowall, Oxley, second. Carrots—2 bunches., 6 in each. W. M'Dowall, first; J. Curtis, Ashgrove, second. Parsnips—2 bunches, 6 in each. No first award; W. M'Dowall, Oxley, second. Turnips—2 bunches, 6 in each. W. M'Dowall, Oxley, and George Biggs. South Pine, equal, first; William Soutter, Cressbrook, second. Kohl Rabi, three,Wm. Soutter, Cressbrook; first. W. M'Dowall, Oxley; second. Cabbago, thrco hoads. W. M'Dowall, Oxley; first. J. Curtis, Asgrove; second. Cauliflower, three heads. W. M'Dowall, Oxley; Wm. Soutter, Cressbrook ; equal for first. Brussels Sprouts, single dish. Wm. Soutter, Cressbrook; first. Celery, three heads. W. M'Dowall, Oxloy; first. Beet, three roots. Wm. Soutter, Cressbrook; first. Salads, collection. W. M'Dowall, Oxley; first. Collection of Herbs. W. Soutter, Cressbrook; first. Potatoes, Kidney, new variety; nine tubers. Gcorgo Biggs, South Pine; first. Potatoes, any other new variety; nine tubers. G. Biggs, South Pine; first. Extra. Wm. Soutter, gardenor to D. C. M'Connel, Esq., Cressbrook; Collection of Vege- tables, 36 varieties; first. George Biggs, South Pine; Collection various varieties; first. FINE ARTS. Steward: Sir. H. W. Fox. Jurors: Messrs. C. F. Chubb, F. D. G. Stanley, and J. J. Clarke. DIVISION A. Oil Colours (original), colonial production. Findlay M'fadyen. John-street, Toowong, Sea View, first ; A. D. Binnie, George street, Portrait of Sir Anthony Musgrave, scond. Oil Colours (original), imported. George D. Russell, Berry-street, Brisbane, On Board the Waterwitch (60 guineas), first; Signor O. Presa, Queen-street, Imitation of Wood and Marble, second; George D. Russell, Berry- street.Brisbane, Kenmore, Loch Tay by Moonlight (12 guineas), Third. Oil Colours (copies), colonial production. W. Jenner, Cutter off Plymouth. (7 guineas—for sale), first; Findlay M'Faydyen John-street, Too- wong, Landscape (£5), second: W. Jenner, Stranded Brig, Alum Bay, Isle of Wight (1 guineas—for sale), third. Water Colours (original), colonial production. W. Jenner, Fishing Luggers off Hastings, first; Miss J. Hockton, Gotha-street, South Brisbane, Geraniums in Pot, second. Water Colours (copies), colonial production. Hiss A. S. Miller, Warwick, Basket ot Flowers, first. Oil or Water Colour Painting on terra cotta, or othor description of earthenware. W. Jenner, George street, Newhaven Harbour, Sussex, first. Black and White Drawings (originals), D. S. Thistlethvvayte. Thorn-street, Kangaroo Point, Collections, first; Miss F. Lampard, South Bris- bane, Gipsy Boy, second. Black and White Drawings (copies). O. Frie strom, 8 Queon-street, Head of statue, Germania on the Niederwald, first; Karl Wirth, Hon. S. W. Griffith socond. Etchings (copies). A. H. Smith, Empty Saddle, first. Drawings from tho Technical School. No. 1, first; No, 2, commended. Illuminations—(originals). James Fairbairn, York Parade, raised illuminations, on vellum Shakspeare's Seven Ages, first; Signor O. Presa, 223 Queen-street, £3, commended. Sculptures, modelling, carving — (originals). Signor O. Presa, 223 Queen- street. Modelling, in teiracottn, £2, first; Signor O. Presa, 223 Queen- street, model of town, £60, highly commended ; John Petrie, Brunswick- street, rustic memorial, surmounted with dove, £60, highly commended. Sculptures, modelling, carving—copies. John Petrie, Brunswick-street, marble angel, on pedestal, first. PHOTOGRAPHS. Portraits from life—untouched. A. Lomerr and Co., Queen-street, Brisbane, first; Hutchison and Co., Queen-street, second; P. R. Gordon, twelve photos of Aberdeen-Angus polled black cattle, highly commended. Portraits, coloured. Hutchison and Co., Bris- bane; first. Porrtaits, Mezzotint. Hutchison and Co., Brisbanee, two portraits; first. Genre Pictures. Hutchison and Co., Brisbane, Harp of Erin; first. Landscapes. Hutchison and Co., collection of New South Wales views; first. A. Lomer and Co.; second. Reproductions. Hutchison and Co., the late Sir Arthur Kennedy and the late Archbishop Vaughan; first. Enlargements, uncoloured or coloured. A. Lomer and Co , Brisbane, life-size portraits; first. Hutchison and Co., Coloured Harp of Erin, double head of children, bust of lady; second. EXTRA EXHIBITS. Each of the following was awarded first Order of merit: Miss Jordan, Tingalpa, chess table, painted squares. Miss A. S. Miller, Warwick, oil paint- ing on satin. Mrs. A. M'Leod Rowland, High fields. Toowoomba, water colour painting on velvet. Madame De Jersey, Margaret-street, 3 glass shades of Barramundi fish scales. Madame De Jersey, Margaret-street, composite flowers. Madame De Jersey, silk flowers. Bentley and Swain, Queen street, collection of engravings, etchings, and photographs. APPARATUS AND APPLICATION OF LIBERAL ARTS. Stewards: Messrs. S. Grimley, and W. Schwabe. Judges: Messrs. Henry Starke, W. H. Wilson, and Hon. A. C. Gregory, M.L.C. PIANOFORTES. Queensland Piano and Music Warehouse Com- pany, Limited, 2 grand and 8 upright pianos, first, ( FURNITURE AND OTHER 0BJBCTS FOR THÍÜ USE OF DWELLINGS. / Stoward: Mr. R. II. Lawson. Jurors: Messrs John Potrio and it. Ferguson. * i'uumrimK. T. P. Hardy. Valley, Glass Caso, &c; highly commended. D. Franck. Stnnloy- Btrcot, South BtUoanc. ono Bedroom Suite ; highly commended. J. and J. Hislop, Quoen-stroet ; highly com uiondod. Furniture, mado of Queensland tlmbor. \V. Hicks, George-street, Serpentino Lounge, Draw- ing-room Caoinots, and Cedar Bookcase, &c.; cominonded. ' Upholster r, mado up in Queensland. J. and J. Hislop, Dining-room suito; first. Win. Hicks, Sopontind lounge ; highly commended. D, Franck. Drawing- room suito; commended. Decorative Work. C. Bertholsen, Valley, two Birdcages cut by hand; first. William Petti- grew and Sou, Brisbano, Fretsaw work; first. Aliss Kato Dtiprco, South ßr.sbano, Leather pic- ture frame; highly commended, tî. Pulle, Queen strcot, Gilt anü curved mirror ; commended. Carpets, Tapestry, Furniture Stutts, Matting, Paperhanging. &c.; P. Davis, Spring Hill, table cover and two sofa covers, first, Misj Smith Bed Hill, tea cosey, first, Clocks and Watches, with all thing! apper- - taining thoroto. W. Guille, regulator move mont, first. Perfumery and Fancy Articles. Miss Smith, Red Hill, black satin painted cushion; highly ' commended. Miss A. Herbert, Windsor, N.S.W,, satin Daintod cushion ; highly commended. Brnshware. J. Roso and Son, Wharf-street, brushwaro collection ; first prize. Apparutus and proce'ss for heating and lighting. -Thomas H. Cribb, Ipswich, atmospheric gas machine. Wo award ; subject to ro jominondatioa if machino be explained. Apparatus and proccr-os for cooking aud wash- ing, - J. H. Grico, Wickliam- streot, colonial ovons; commended. Galvanised and other work. -Joseph Bills, Qiioon-atrurt, wovon wire spring mattresses ; commended. EXTKA. G. Stanowsky, Albert-street. Brisbane looking glass manufactured hy exhibitor ; first. PRODUCTS-MINICRALS. MINING, AND FORKS my. Stewards : Hon. VV. Pettigrew, M.L.C, Messrs. W. Stephcis and T. J. Thorpo. Jurors: Hon. A. C. Gregory. M.L.C, Mosers. R. C Ringrose, E. Gtuijurd, Karl T. Staiger. I'JtODUCTS, KAW AND JUNUBMCTimED. Soap, PI sin. Fancy, Soft, &c.; Colonial and im- ported. Phillips and Swain, Leichlinrdt-street. Extract of Soap; first. Leather, Plain and Fancy, Colonial or imported. Graziers' Butchering Company; first order of morit for whole collection of basils.' Oils, Animal, Minoial, Vegetable, and Efsential. Graziers' Butchering Company. Neatsfoot Oil. first. Baking Povvdcra and olhor Powders used in Cookery. Phillips and Swain, Leichhardt-stroet. itgg Powder and Baking Powder, first. Marbles and Building Stones. Queensland Stone Paving Company, Booval Quurries. Blue Metal Building Stone, first. Specimens of Coal, Coke, and Kerosine Shale. Brydon, Jones, and Company, Eagle-street, Bris- bane. Coal, Slack, mid Coke, first. IMPLEMENTS AND MACHINERY USED LM AGRICULTURE. Stovvards : Mcssr.. Amos Radcliff and S. Grlm loy. Juror : Mr. John Sinclair. Plough, light land, for two horses. Alexander M'Lojii, Elizabeth-street, flrht. Plough, heavy land, for three or moro horses. Alexander M'Loan ; double-wheel match plough ; JS810s ; commended. Alexander M'Loan ; bréale- ? ing np plough; £12 10s.; commondod. cloughs, heavy, for deop culture capable of tsking a furrow lOin. to 12in. deep. Alexander M'Loan; heavy dam-making plough; £17 10s.; first. Ploughs subsoil. Alexander M'Lcan ; subsoil plough; ¡C3 10s.; commended. Houghs, doublo du row. Alexander M'Loan;. Í22 103.; commended. Ploughs, light, ono-horso. .T. G. Cribb, Milton; 1 Watt turu plongliB and Brinley plough ; first. Cultivators. Farquhar Aberdeen, Brisbane; heavy cultivator; first, Farquhar Aberdeen, Brisbane; light cultivator ; first. Harrows. Farquhar Aberdeen, Brisbane ; pair . heavy harrows; first. Farquhar Aberdeen, Bris, bane ; pair light harrows ; commended. Reaping Machines. Foster und Kelk, Brisbane; M'Corumck mowor: cominonded. Corn Cracker. Foster and Kelk, Brisbane;, hand cracker ; commended. Chair Cutters, Hand. Foster and Kelk, Bris- bano ; commended. Wino Casks, mude oí colonial wood. Horan and Frodericks, Market Reservo; 600 gallon cask ; Oral. Earth Scoops. Farquhar Aberdeen, Adelaide streee; scoop for dam-making; highly commended. Alexander M'Loan, Elizabeth-street; com- mon dod. Wiro Strainers, for fencing purposes. Sydney W. Fulton, caro of Quinlan, Gray, and Co. ; first class certificate. Model Farm Gate8. William Pettigrew and Son, WUliam-strcet; commended. Extra. J. G. Cribb, Milton; collection of light hand Ploughs ; commended. Jurors of Waggons, Carls, &c;: Mr. R. Nick- ling and Mr. H. Horniblovv. Waggons, unpalntcd.-Frank O'Reilly, Too- woomba, horso waggon ; first. Tip Drays, painted. J. H. Grico, Brisbane, on springs; turnedax!o3; socond. Spring Cartp, painted. J. II. Grlcc, Wickham streot, Grocer's Cart, mail axles: second. Wheelbarrows, unpalntcd. \v. Pottigrcw and Son, Garden Barrow ; second. COMMON INDUSTRIES-MACHINERY, AP- PARATUS, AND PRODUCTS. Stewards: Messrs. Amos Radcliffe and S. Grimley. Jurors: Mossrs. R. Nickling und IL Horinblow. Carriages - namely. Phaetons, Landaus, Broughams, Sociables, Wuggonultus, Ba- rouches, Gigd, Dogcarts, and Buggies. W. Edds, Albert-street, Brisbane - Cut-under hooded waggonette, first order of merit; phaeton ourringo eui'under hoode t waggonette, first; elziptie spring ICmcka buggy, first; Dexter Ivinff Kurekn buggy, first; varnished single Doxter Queen buggy, first; siiif:lo-soi'.tcd Dexter Queen bu.tgy, first; light mail phaeton buggy, first; Cnlliorntun doublo buggy, flirt j double seated pony phaeton, first; reversible driving wtiggon, flifct; Concord cauoo front waggonotto, second. John M 'Nab and Son, G<*orge-strcct, Brisbane Dogcart, first ; hoarso. first ; waggonette, with, canopy, second; Stanhope phaolon or T cart, second. P. Troy, Elizitbfth-street-End spring piano-box top buggy, first; Stan nope wuggonotto, reversible, first. W. W. Hurford, Toowoomba-Cut undr-r buggy, drat ; alto special prizo for best- trimmed buggy exhibited. Ulnoksniltli's Work. Joseph Schmitt, Valley, 2 seta horsoshocs, first. Printing. Type-making, and Ruling Machines, and nil Machinery connected willi Printing. Watson, Ferguson, nsd Co., nickol - mounted rubber Btnmps ; special prizo. Harness-colonial and imported. N. Lade. 31 Queen-strcot,Brisbane, portiuanloauxnnd saddles, first. ftiddlery- colonial and imported. Hill and Co., Brisbano, rough solid flap, ¡-'omerset saddle, and double-flap ingskin seated stock saddle, first ; lt. Ü!, Jarman, Queen-streot, coloniol Eaddlo and colonial-made treeless racing saddle, ilrct, also special prize for best collodion of caddicry; - Blior, Roma, saddle, first. Extra-Henry Box and Son, 2 of Budges Coventry rotary tricycles fir3t; Henry Heiudorff, Albert-street, electric bell, firs t. FOOL FRKSII.PRESERVED.OniN VARIOUS STAGE.-* OF PRESERVATION. Stewards: Messrs. A R. H. Piotezker and Alexander Wilson. Jurors: Messrs. J. Young anil J. Stodart. Whenten flour, first quality. Phillips and Swaiu. i'JJ Lcicliiiardtstrocl ; self'raising flour; highly commended. whoaton meal. William Pettigrew and Son ; highly commended. Sluizo motil, maizena. innizo malt. WUliam PeitigiöW and Sou; highly commended. Arrowroot, 'apioca, sago, or any other fari- naceous preparation. J. Cowley, Samson Valo; arrowroot; first. Bread. I), ii. M'Leod and Co., South Brisbane first. Henry Bugall. Lcichhardt- slreot ; second. Fatty sutistances, lard, and best method of pre- paring butter, nilik, and egge. The Graziers' Butchering Company; dripping; highly com- mended. Meat. Preserved meut, cooked meat, salted meat, fpiccd meat, 'I he Graziers' Butchering Company; first order of merit for each of 17 ex 'kibils. Salted Ji'iah; Dried ditto; Fresh ditto (pre- served) ; Trepang, Bechc-de-mer, Isinglass. John Baxter, Sandgate, smoked fish, oysters (culti- vated); highly commended. Preserved i rults, in syrup. D.H. M'Leod and Co ; iii sr. Jams and Jellies. D. H. McLeod and Co.; first. Condiments : T. H. Boreham, Woolloongabba, tomato sauce. Highly commended, FERMENTED AND OTHER DRINKS. Ale, draught. Queensland Brewery Company, 1 hogshead malt ale, 1 hogshead XXX alo; i first. Tho mult ale recommended for silver medal. Porter, draught. Queensland Brewery Com- pany, Limited, Bulimtia I khd. porter ; tirar. Ale, bottled. Queensland Brewery Company, Limited; 1 dozon malt ale; first. Also, Mr. J. ¡àtûdurl'o sijeciiii prize. Porter, bottled. Queensland Brewery Com- pany, Limited, Also, Mr. J. Stodart's special prizo. _ . Cordials. C. H. F. Yeo. Brisbane (Eodone Aerated Water Company) : first. , Aerated Water?. C. H. F. Yeo (Eodone Aerated Water Company). Aerated wotem; first. «ingerbecr. C. H. F. Yeo (Kodone Aerated Water Company). Gingerbeer; first. ARTH5ANS' PRIZES. Stovvirds: Mr. JJ. Roo and Mr. J. Thorpe. Jurors : Air. J. Penie and Mr. J. Sinclair. IVOl'KMASeBU*. , , Sirs. Marlow, Lower kogio farm ; model of drawing-room; commended. Barry Al bitlock, Sherwood ; horizonti.1 engine mode!; couanc-nded. Aiox. Inne-e Sherwood; horseshoes made by ex- hibitor; couim-i'dcd. Alex, Irncs, sherwood; collection of stouciua-ons' toois; recommended for pozo. Kdtt.üd «L M.uleley, Caxun-street; wood-carving; cuuimei.dtd. Ired. Shepherd, South Pine River; cumuiou bricks; commended, Robt ?. Fisher, Ipswich; railway lamps; recom- mended for prize. Peter Stevenson, Petrie-terrace; Inlaid Workbox Colonial Wood; commended. Richard Burgess Waterworks-road; Steel cast- ings from store and Scraps; recommended for prize. John Burgess, Warwick; Stock whip Handle, cut with pen knife; highly commended. Thomas Croft; Portmanteaus; recommended for prize. FOR APPRENTICES OR YOUTHS UNDER 21 YEARS OF AGE. Models of Machines of any kind executed during the last twelve months, in wood, metal, textile, fibres, leather, or other materials. Com- petitors need not be members of the society, nor will they be charged any fee for entry of exhibits. J. P. Wendt, Bulimba; Steam Engine, Double- acting Cylinder; Steam Engine, Movable Cylin- der, single action; Steamboat, with Screw and Two Masts; recommended for prizes. EXTRA. F. S. Grimley. South Brisbane; Working Draw- ing, Boiler, Vertical, and Working Drawing, High-pressure Engine; highly commended. M. B. Bernays, Brisbane; Mechanical Drawing of Vacuum Pan; recommended for prize. D. M'Laren, Warry-street; stuffed birds; recommended for prize. SCHOOLS. Stewards: Messrs. Reginald H. Roe and J. Thorpe Jurors—for Girls: Mrs. Rylands, Mrs. Gair, Miss Berry. Mrs. O'Connor. For Boys: Messrs. H. Tyron. A. J. Boyd, and F. M. Bailey. FOR GIRLS UNDER 14 YEARS OF AGE. Plain Needlework. — Flora Love, Kangaroo Point State School, dressed doll; first. Eva Hip- wood, Leichhardt-street Infants' School, wax doll, dressed; second. Violet Scott, Kangaroo Point State School, child's pinafore; second. Maggie Carmody, Toowong, chemise; highly commanded. Fancy Needlework and Embroidery.—Adelaide Blocksige, Kangaroo Point State School, child's cape, first. J. Beesley, Mrs. Chetwynd's School, cushion in wool; second. Gertrude Blakeney, Mrs. Chetwynd's School. Antimacassar in outline; second. Cissie Cook, Mrs. Chetwynd's School, shawl in Shetland wool; commended. FOR GIRLS OVER 14 YEARS OF AGE. Plain Needlework, Fancy Needlework, and Em- broidory, Ornamental Leatherwork, Writing, Martha Province, Mrs. Chetwynd's school; first, Minnie Smith, Leichhardt-street State school, child's dress; first Elspeth F. Anderson, North Pine State school, embroidery; highly com- mended. Grace Langley, Mrs. Chetwynd's school, Shetland wool shawl; commended. Lizzie Jessop, Toowong State school, baby's robe; commended. Also, mantelpiece border (name of exhibitor un- known): first prize. Outline work, "New Year's Greeting;" commended. Case of dolls from Leich- hardt-street Infant Schools; highly commended. Also, work from Leichardt-street State schools; highly commended. FOR BOYS AND GIRLS. Mapping. (A) Black and White. John Campbell, East Ipswich State School, Arabia, Egypt. &c.; first. Patrick J. M'Cluskey, Beenleigh, England; second. Agnes Wilson, Leichhardt-street Girls State School, Queensland; highly commanded. Amy Wride, Leichardt-street Girls State School, Scotland; highly commended. (B) Coloured map. E. H. Alder, Kelvin Grove, North and South America. Docendo Diacimus, Moreton Bay; second. ORNAMENTAL WRIT'NG. Maggie Carmody, Toowong State School; first. James Alderdice, Toowong State School; second. (A) DRAWING—PENCIL LANDSCAPE. V, F. Bogle, Brisbane Grammar School; first. (C) CRAYON FIGURES. Miss Jardine's school. Wickham - terrace: "Giessbach Falls," first; "Horse's Head," second; "The Flower Girl." highly commended. D.—PEN AND INK SKETCH. V. F. Bogle, Brisbane Grammar school; first. F.—WATER COLOUR FLOWERS. Harriet Fry (Mrs. Chetwynd's school), flowers; first. Martha Province (Mrs. Chetwynd's school), flowers; second. H.—MECHANICAL, DRAWING. Randall C. R. Newman, Brisbane Grammar school; first. EXTRA. E. F. M'Donald, Bromelton, Veresdale, table painted in water colours; first. 