THE SCIENTIFIC AUSTRALIAN. HORSES I HAVE KNOWN". BY UTJIE SMYLEV. IT is a mistake to assume that the general domestic servant of the ordinary household possesses a monopoly of the uselessness, incompetency, and viciousness that exists in the world. From a long and intimate acquaintance with the "noble horse," I am prepared to back him in any reasonable amount against Bridget, and have very little doubt he would come many lengths ahead. There is probably not a single quality which it is undesirable for a horse to possess that I have not discovered in them to a greater or less extent, and though the horse himself does not tell lies, enough are told for him to fully equalise the amount that is uttered daily by Bridget for herself. Of course the question may be argued:—Is a horse responsible, and to what extent, for the lies that are told for him by his owner ? I think lie is. He backs up his master's statements by looking the character that is ascribed to him ; and people who would not be deceived by the most eloquent words of the horse dealer are taken in and done for by the child-like and bland aspect that the beast himself assumes. And 1 know quite enough of a horse to be certain of this—that if he could speak he would not hesitate for a moment in corroborating every word his master utters. In this, I reason by analogy. Have we not all heard Bridget ? " Is it me wasli and ierun ? Shure, and didn't I gain the prize for that at the landresses mating last year ? Get up at six ? wouldn't demane meself be goin' to a family that wouldn't let me get up at five. Cook ? The divel a dish I ever seen I couldn't cook better nor. Followers ? Do I luk loike the stamp of woman that ud'encourage young men in the kishin ? No, ma'am, barrin' my two brothers/1 never wish to see a man, and dacent, quite hard-workin' craychures they are. One ov them dear boys will luk in on me now and tlien'on their way home to tell me how my poor, bedridden mothor is. But no one else." There are lovers of the horse—are there not lovers of Bridget ? who will think I 'am unjust to the " noble creature" in this comparison.^ No matter what a horse's vices may be, he is in one respect, at least, like Salem Scudder's apparatus, or General George Washington—he can't lie. Precisely. I am quite prepared to admit it. But it is simply because lie has not got the gift of speech. Is there any lover of Bridget that will commit himself to the absurd statement that she can't lie ? Yet Bridget is far higher in the scale . of development than a horse. She comes of a race whose proud boast it is that the men are all brave, and the women virtuous. She has been kept in her youth by the jealous policy of the grand old church, to whose teachings her ancestors have clung through many troubled centuries of persecution and trial, away from the contaminations of the ungodly secular schools, where the children of heretics daily have their hopes of Heaven blighted by learning that two and two make four. Every advantage that arises from being allowed to grow up in ignorance is hers ; and yet Bridget's dearest friend, the man who would champion her cause against the world, her very follower, will decline to commit himself to a statement that we hear made every day about the horse. Bridget can lie because she can speak—the horse cannot be accused of direct falsehood because he is not sufficiently developed to be able to express his thoughts in words. But in how many ways besides the direct words of "Yes" and " No " may not an untruth be told ? A falsehood may be acted as well as spoken, as many a youth who has looked into a maiden's eyes knows to his sorrow. I played whist against a dignitary of the church last week, and the venerable gentleman, by appearing to hesitate as to the card he should play, conveyed a false impression and caused me to lose the odd trick. A shopkeeper marks an article worth 5s. with the figures 12s. 6d., strikes out the first marking and substitutes 8s. 6d., and you buy it and think you have a bargain. The world is one mass of deceit, but the most deceitful, the most untruthful, and the most treacherous creature upon it is the horse. From the racehorse whose trial trips round the course in the grey dawn causes the bank clerk to plunge wildly on the money entrusted to his care, down to the meanest little eob that was ever broken in to carry a tradesman back and forwards to his business, all are deceptions, and the man who believes in his performances is as much to be pitied as the " missus " who trusts in the promises of her Bridget. "Iknow exactly what kind of liorse you want, sir," the owner of a beast will say, '"and I can just suit you ? you don't want a kicker, r a bolter, or a jibber ; but one perfectly quiet and staunch that can o his ten miles an hour •without a touch of the whip. That s just the stamp of horse you want. Woah, Tommy ! Stand over !" Tommy stands over and acts his part to perfection. He is as quiet and as free from outward signs of vice as a young lady on her way to church on Sunday morning. He lets me rub him over, gives up each of his legs to be examined as quietly as a little boy getting himself measured for a pair of trousers, and as far as his brute nature will permit, assists his owner in deceiving me. ^ " Doesn't know he has a pair of heels, sir," continues the owner while I am feeling him in various parts. " Wouldn't shy if he met a ghost atop of an elephant. The gentlest horse to handle I ever did see. Put on the harness, Jack, and take the gentleman for a turn round." As quiet in harness as in stall. Passes bicycles without cocking his ears. Is driven to a railway gate, and looks calmly on as au engine goes snorting by. Obeys the slightest touch of the rein. Assures me as plainly as actions can speak that he is everything his master says he is. I buy Tommy, take him home, give him plenty of good feed, and take win out for a drive the next morning. But alas ! Tommy is no longer the quiet Tommy of yesterday. He cocks his ears at a lamp post, he shies at a piece of paper in the street, he jumps from one side of the road to the other when he sees a man wheeling a barrow ; and, at last, when I meet a hearse with nodding plumes he turns right round, kicks the splash board in, and gallops back full speed to the stables I have bought him from. His late owner listens to all I have to say while he chews a straw, and then explains things. "Of course, sir," he says, "if you go feeding a well bred horse like that on oats he'll play up a bit. You take him home, give him nothing but hay for a day or two, and you'll see he'll be as right as ninepence." (JPO be continued in our next) 