THE' budget speech delivered by the Treasurer on Wednesday evening was ljssý ' startlling than manyi ,of its predecessors, inasmnch as' excepting the repealof,,the duty'on live stock,'itcodn .tained.nop proposals .for altering, existing. sources of 'rev-itue. -Its principal feature was the clear and comprehensive review i'i gitvi6f thi financiia position of the, colony. The. evidence, --drawn --from ýanalysis'of the varionu sources of revenue and indications of..prosperity or de preesion, showed that the apprehensions l which have existed inisoome qarters were: groundless, and that the, cry raised of' depression and decline was' a mere bogie. That Mr. Dodds was successful in' proving his case no one who reads'his address can deny. It is ;true that. agriculture has suffered a decline, owing partly to 'the difficulty of finding a profitable market, and partly;to the fact'that'the past season was not a good one for farmers; but as the quantity of land taken up foribona fide settlement showed a decided increase, there is no reason why the depression should be regarded as more than 'tem porary. :It is noticeable that while the number of sheep has decreased the export of wool :ehows an increase, indicating an improvement ,in the breed, greater care in management- eradication of '.scab coming under this head-and consequent increase in the- weight of fleece. Oattle also show 'a decrease, and this, coupled with the high price of meat, shows the necessity for: what cannot be much longer deferred,' the repeal of the duty on live stock and meat, which Ministers intend again' to propose. -It is gratifyinýg: to notice' that' the: Treasuirer' has taken a sound view of our mining industry, and his contention is practically the same as rpliotedly 1urged by" ~ s, that thio development of .our. mineral- resourcesi and reckless 'speculation" in: the' :share' markot; are two very different matberi, and that losses or gains in .the latter neither increase nor lessen'the real: value of ouir mineral deposits, th6ough it may exercise'.adepresting effect or the reverse on their development. Mr..Dodds truly sates? that nio matter how iidividuals may hve suffered from rash or exces sive speculation,-; the colony is' thelio 'richer for every ounce 'of gold, and every ton 'of ;tin' raised from its 'soil: The :year '1881 is 'con sidored to have been the most.prosperous for the mining industry yet known; but in 1883 our, exports of,. gold nearly reached-,those of..1881;: and- though tin has fallen £20 aton in' price since then, the value of last. year's exports' ,was larger, showing, the' production; of tin must have greatly 'increased. :, With reference to gold pioduotion; it imust iit remembered that.not, one-tenth of the alluvial gold raised appears in the list of exports, being takeri'out of 'the colony y y private hands for. sale ;in New South Wales, Victoria, and 'New Zealand. Thouisands of ouinces of Tasmanian'gold thus annually swell the returns of those colonies, for which'the producing .colony gets no credit. ' ' , The trade returns, which are a good in dication of progress, show;,no sign of serious depression.' While our population maintains' a steady increase, the' 'rate per head of imports and exports shows a progression that cannot, otherwise be interpreted ,than' that the colonists are richer than they were a few years ago. " Thus while in 1874 we con slimed dutiable goods to the extent of £8.17s 7d per head, in 1883 the rate had risen to £13 18a Gd per head, which'vwas at the same. time an. increase of 14s i6d per head on the preceding year. :The exports were £14: 14s 9d per held ini 1883, an increase of 81 per head on the I preceding twelve months. The statistics i given by the Treasurer with regard to ] the increase in our direct shipping'.tride with England owing to the steamers now I employed '-are worth' looking' into, for 'his contention that ' by 'a direct service Tasmanian importers save the commission' hitherto paid to I middlemen in Victoria. will be found to I be correct. The returns of the Post and i Telegraph Offices, Savings Banks, etc., are indices by which the prosperity or * retrogression of a colony may be gauged, j and the deductions to be drawn from the ( figures presented are satisfactory.; With f regard, to .the Telephonic Exchange, the a superiority of Launceston: as a centre of business jand commercial enterprise over the capital, though the latter t comprises nearly twice the population, I of the former, it seems, evoked a :sneer- t perhaps intended for a joke--froi the i Treasurer. When the exchange was e started in Hobart, every Government a department and a 'good poany' "fthe 1 offices were supplied, whilst there were only eight subscribers. In Launoeston no start was made till there were between thirty and. forty subscribers, and the 1 Government departments: have: been < elowly connected at long intervals. Yet < when at the close of 1883 it was found there were fifty-two' 'subscribers in i Launceston (the number now, i: overe seventy), against, mnly :thirty-five in' Hobart, tho Treasurer presumes it is be- -i cause in Launceston "they have mbore time to talk. . . "The 'rateable. value of property is I another important index of prosper;ty, ( and it is gratifying to find that in three I years it has risen from £714,000 to £830,000 for 1883, the fact that Launrces- i ton lihad reduced its excessive valuation, < which was higlher per head than that of I any 'town in the island, not being for. i gotten by the Treasurer, who, however, 'm lid n t recall, how notoriously Habart .1 was undervalued :. for, ' years ' past. ( The remissions ' of taxation made ( last ecar, :ahd. the blight " decline "in 1 some sources of revenue, have compelled I thieTreasurer to conaiderably modify' his I estimato'of'the revenue for 1881 made in I July last year, but he can still reckon I upon £542;100 for the current year, I whichb,with a balance of £38,669 from 1883' will make a total of £580,769, against an I estimated expenditure of £556,568, to < which, judging by past experience, I we are justified in additg another ] £40,000 or £50,000 for supplementary < estimates, unless Parliament makes a stand against the practice that has been ( growing up of late years. The simple I faith which the Treasurer still reposes In . Mr. Grant's assurances that "next year" a nice round sum may be anticipated from excess of receipts over expenditure on the Main Line Railway is amusing; and one cannot wonder at the ironical cheers with .wlich the Treasurer's assurance of Mr. Grant's "grievous disappoint ment" should a £5000 balance (£10,000 was promised for 1883) not be forth coming for 1884, was received. SWhile, however, we can cordially con grtulate Ministers upon the eatisfactory fin.iicial'0iiditionof the colony, ihd give tho?Treaeurer credit for his able and per -spiououa.sexplauation -of ite:s-position, we cannot altogether accept his statement that the estimates bitherto placed before Parliament have always proved correct As a matter of fact th' expenditure has! always greatly exceeded his estimate,? and had'it not been that the revenue also in creased far beyond anticipations,he would have been pulled up very -sud denly before .two ,, years had gone past. Thanks to'the "growing elasticity" of' the' redeniue,' all errors have been covered, and a balance to credit still miniiained ; 'but the -abuse, which has! Ibeen:i made of supplementary estimates, and the.manner in which -the "power of the pprae" has to -a marked extent beenh by this means ' taken out of the hands' of Parliament is no credit to any Treasurer or to any Administration. 'It is 'a growing evil, which must be checked with a' firm hand, or so called Parliamentary government will simply become a costly sham. T. E correspondence in the matter of the direct steam service presented to both Houses.of Parliament by his Excellency's command has been issued by the Govern ment Printer, and covers no less than 32 pages of valuable papar. Assuming members of the Legislature to be men of ordinary, business capacity, is, there. no method by which such documents could be carefully read by all concerned,'and an honest summary, or, say, such pdrtions only as bear on the precise issue, could be printed for future reference?. Some hundreds of pounds every year must be positively squandered away : in the ordinary course of official routine, and It does appear most desirable that the Printing', Committee of 'lioth. 'Houses should come to autinderstanding, with' 'a view of keeping in some sort of check the publication of papers the greater portion of which have little, if anything, of a per manent character to redeem them from oblivion. In the courseof the preliminary canter of, the season, the steam service came in for a fair amount of attention, and Ministers were twitted on the use of the expression '"No binding contract." Mr. Alfred Dobson and Mr. Adye Douglas contended that, if a contract at alli At was binding, .'and .if not binding, there wss 'r?io contract. The Premier contented himself by replying '.that the members of the Cabinet were not all law yers, which was" of course ia very easy way out of an apparent difficulty. With the almost unnecessary assurance that journalists are not connected' with that professional body so pleasantly styled by George IV. " The Devil's Own," it may be suggested that the: contention of Messrs. Dobson and Douglas is not nearly so clear as it looks. For instance, it is not impossible to assume a contract in which, a careless party has bound him self, without. securing equal:power over the other parties to the engagement. It is neither assumed nor asserted that the Administratiou lhas fallen into such a per plexity, but the bare possibility of a con .traotbiuding on one side without covering the other should have been. sufficient to have saved Messrs. M'Gregor, Piesse, and Co. from the criticism which has been so lavishly .directed against themi. One thing is clear enough, that had there been a" ghost of a chance of holding Mr. M'Gregor to the supposed proposal,. his seat would have been. declared vacant amidst merry peals of laughter and ap plause.. Fortunately the schlienme failed, the colony is nbt considered ready for a direct steam service, and i, would bh well for both sides to 'allow a hasty ' arrangement .to pass into the land of forgetfulness." Distance from the south enables the north to be more calm and impartial on questions of this character, and the only chance of loss of temper arises from the' waste:. of paper and money emnployed in recording the; joys and sorrows of `ani unnecessary trans.. action. Perhaps it would be more resp et-? ful to remark that the affair is as good as a play: Before reading the first letter the reader would do well to peruse any copy of the . Sydney Morning Herald he may have at hand: He will find that there are, Orient boats and Orient boats; he will find the fast vessels of a magnificent service, and the wretched old tubs' known as cargo and immigrant : steamers. Now lot the reader turn to this precious corree pondence and ask himself one qiestion When Mr. James Macfarlane and Mr. Yuill, the agent of the Orient Company, first approached the Government, was the distinction clearly understood between the cargo and the ordinary passenger vessels 1 Without, the information gained by intercolonial reading, are colonists generally ' aware of ' the distinction? This correspondence between Messrs. -Macfarlane asnd the. Government, in oluding draft memo. of proposed contract, is continued to close of page 10, at which point the proposals are with drawn on the ground of want of sufficient nuinber of boats. In the soqth the fashion 'has. been to abuse Messrs. M'Gregor, Piesse, and Co. for failure of contract. Surely previous negotiations form an important factor in any conclu sion which may be reached upon the 'subject. Clearly, so far, the cargo boats, .and not the first-class vessels of the Orient line, were designed for the service of this colony. The correspondence between M'Gregor, Pisse, and Co. and the Government opens with 'the simple announcement of a proposed direct line from London; letters covering memos. from M'Caul and Co. follow, and a com. parison of dates shows that up to the 29th January last, Ministers were considering: applications from the local representatives of two London firms. On that date, the Orient having retired, Mr. Giblin asked Mr. M'Gregor's firm to obtain "con currence of their London correspon-' dents." On the 4th February, acting on cable message, the local firm expressed. willingness to accept draft contract on behalf of M'Oaul and Co. and the Orient Steam Navigation Company. The draft contract was prepared, and Mesesrs. Gill and Ball informed the Government that it did not agree with the corres pondence,;and finally the affair lapses. So far as the correspondence is concerned, M'Gregor, Piesse, and ICo. appear as agents, and not as principals, from first to last. Against this it is urged that the firm, addressed letters to the Press, stating willingness to perform a certain work. The question for mercantile men to answer - - is this :--n dealing with. customers do.they.'as .a rule-_ reveal their .relations to their principals, or do they speak and act in their own names? Was there so much as an error of judgment in their Press correspondence, in writiring of the proposal of certain London firms as their own proposal ? The correspondence with the Government disoloses the real men and clearly exonerates the local' firm. The correspondence with the Pre?ss deals with the work of the. principals -in the name of the local house, and ap pears to fall in with the ordinary and ac ,cepted lines of trade., A question of commercial morality has been raised in the objectiohs which have been taken to 'the position of M'Gregor, Piesse,and Co., and common honesty compels the state mient;'that they come out of the ordeal without so much as a stain upon their reputation. Ministers have. had time to blow off steam, and the colony is siaved from a serious misunderstanding. 