CHARLIE THORNTON. A NEW AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, In Three Parts. BY WYBUX. PART II. 'CHAPTER XX.—Susncious CHAltACTKMlS IN COIXIXS-STKKKT. As all who are acquainted with Melbourne •• are aware, the western end of Collins-street, • so full of life and noise and bustle during the business hours of the day, is but a dreary, lonely solitude after • dark. The frowning .porticoes of the more ostentatious buildings, ' The blank, expressionless windows ot the less '.pretentious offices, reflecting the pale light of the street lamps with a weird, uncertain . glimmer, and the barred and shuttered faces •of the shops, and more suggestive of ghosts than gains, spectres than splendour, shadows ' than the stern realities of money-making life. At times, a few people flit quickly past, en .route- to or from Spencer- street Railway Station, like the spirits of business men long • since dead and gone, hurrying once more over ' the pavements their mortal feet had so often . pressed, bearing in their hands the wealth they liad laboured so hard to acquire, and now are ••striving stil harder, but with less success to relinquish. With these exceptions, the police-' i man is the only human being likely to be met , with here, and even lie, slinks silently along, • as though loth and fearful to disturb with official step, the unnatural silence that sur. rounds and subdues lmu. Entirely uninfluenced by these unsubstantial surroundings, owing, doubtless, to the fact of their having but just partaken of a dinner of a totally different character, cheered too by tlio glow beaming brightly from the bowls of 'their pipes, and soothed by the fumes of the fragrant weed tlicy were inhaling, George Hart and his old friend selected this particular place to discuss their business affairs, to which • allusion had been made when parting from Ann' and Charlie at the railway station during the afternoon. "And what do you think, Frank, of your future partner, aud my future brother- in-law;" : inquired Geerge, as they strolled up and down the deserted street. " I think it's very fortunate that he turns •out to bo what he is," replied the other. "For . allow me to tell you, that it was rather a rash proceeding on your part, making the offer you • did without knowing what sort of a fellow he might be." " Oh, I was sure there couldn't be anything • wrong with one of the Thornton's." " I don't doubt, but you're pretty far gone • old man. Still, it's lucky all the same." " Didn't you make one another's acquaint. anceatsea?" "Ye?. In a broad ship sort of way. There were a lot of fellows wanted to go in for unlimited loo, and it seems young Thornton • didn't care about it, so he and I were left out in the cold, as it were, and we naturally fell into yarning. He pretty cautious with strangers, but he told me he had been to the north on the diggings, and done no good. I half guessed then, that lie might be my future partner, so, to tell you the truth, determined to try him a bit. I think he'll do, George. He's straightforward, and doesn't appear to have any humbug about him. His training on the diggins should have hardened him, too, and he'll need all that for the next year or two, for I mean to work tl.e place cheap ; anything that has to be done, we'll have to do it our swhm- on2B ftnd"Tor~ntrwitirme7"and"y"on may" -annrue swim 1 fl£^^crTm"#oYi'e at" aYl." 'K "I'm not sure yet whether li'll accepTtlfe" ' : loan. He might prefer to go on a salary." "He'll accept it right enough. He has plenty of sense for that. How much do you lend liiin ? And what are the terms J" "Well, I think two thousand will do. I'm . sure I don't know what to say about terms. I must make some, or I'll frighten liim off ;altogether. Say five percent." " But you can get more than that in lots of ways." " Yes, but that's not the question. Look here, Frank, I could well afford to give it. But bless you. I should only offend them by suggesting such a thing. Then, as to terms, I want to make them as low as I can without • exciting suspicion. Five per cent, will be a hundred a year. He ought to manage that." "Of course. When are you going to speak to him about it?" "To-morrow. We'll bring him into town ; and talkit over amongst ourselves. Of course, , Frank, you'll be sole manager and all that. But I don't think you'll find that Charlie will i 'be any trouble to you, and you know for whom I am doing this." "We'll knock along all right, never fear, -and I've seen more of him than you have. But • did you make any enquiries about sheep ?" " Yes; there are three or four thousand two and four tooth ewes to be had pretty cheap an the Wakoo], I forget exactly how far, but no great distance from De:ii!i(iuin. Delivery to betaken six weeks from now. You lmd better go up and inspect them after the wedding." " Arc they good " Guaranteed station bred. Of course they are cast sheep But they always get a good price for their wool off that place. I've got the agent's report inside, and some samples. They saw them before shearing." " I should have liked to have seen them too, before they were shorn, but I'll go and have a look at them when you and your wife have cleared out. Is she anything like her sisten George?" " Like little Amy ? Not a bit. Far and away handsomer, although Amy is pretty, too. Then there's 110 nonsense about her. None of those finnicking, affected ways that so many girls go in for." • " But you don't mean to say that Amy, as you call her, is finnicking or affected." What, Amy ! No, indeed. She's a dear little thing. But, look here, Frank, you should see ilaud." And then George Hart enlarged upon the beauty and virtues of his mistress, and of the happiness ho experienced in his engagement, and confidently expected to realize in his marriage. Very heartily and sincerely was lie congratulated by his old friend on the prize he had drawn in the matrimonial lottery. And then they fell to talking of old times and scenes, and of events that had transpired in their respective lives since they had last parted. JS'or was the late'Mr. Hart;forgotten. He had been much attached to Frank Stone, and half of the money with which he was about to make his present start in life had been a gift bequeathed to him by his old employer. " Nearly all the money that goes into this concern, George," ho said, " conies out of your pocket." "I only hope, Frank, that it may increase with you both as well as I would like to see it,' rejoined the other. "But come," lie added, "'It's getting late. And there's a policeman across the street, evidently regarding us with a suspicious eye. Suppose we go inside now, have a nip, and turn in." And the intelligent guardian of the law, cautiously watched them to their hotel, then sagely shaking his head as they disap* pcared, muttered to himself, "Tliim two's afther no good, take my wurid for that." 