7JbLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. legislative council. ti.nrshnv. 30th October. The President took the chair at 25 minutes to ^°'l°aCjIouse went into committee on the Crown ^On clause 3, dealing with existing occupiers of Gumming moved an nddition providing i',«t persons in the occupation of land, held as a rim under a license for pastoral nurposes, or under ■ _raziBg right and grazing 1,000 sheep or less thereon, shall ho entitled to a, lease of the holding fir 1-t years. Ho thought it was most unfair that mstonil tenants, many of whom were struggling ' jen should be dispossessed of their holdings. Col. Sargood opposed the amendment. The member was seeking to piaco tho pastoral tciiints '» :l different position from others, and tiiere was not tho ghost of a chance of the amend ment being accepted. The pastoral tenants had /heady some advantages, seeing that they, from lUn'g on the spot, would have tho bost chanco of tilting ui>tlie land< , , Mr. M-'Bain supported the amendment. If it ,r.i« intended to give tho pastoral tenants tho first c moderation, let n provision to that eil'ect be incorporated m tho bill, instead of leaving tho .H itter to the discretion of tho Minister. Tho in debtedness of tho colony to some of the old n.i«torai pioneers could not bo over estimated, and Liii members would surely hesitate before passing a bill which would bring ruination on many men. II.> read letters from friends of his, bitterly c,6m iiUiiiing of the proposals in tho bill to turn them cif their holdings, and asking for consideration. "Sir W. J. Clarke thought that the proposal would be acceptable to the Assembly so long as it vera made not to apply to large proprietors. A mstoral tenant whsie land was selected would not know what to do with liis stock, and tho new comer wou.'d probably offer him tho value of tho Ek>Irl Coutts regretted that the Government was not in a position to give the pastoral tenants some little consideration. . I jfr.Campbell said there were no doubt hard cases, but the pastoral tenants were awaro of tho posi tion in which they stood. To carry the amend ment would stop tho bill right off. jfr. Young could not go so far as Mr. Gumming, hut would give pastoral tenants a prior right to one block on their land. Mr. Thornley said the proposal meant giving from a million and a quarter to a million and a half acres over to 250 men. After some further discussion tho committee passed on to discuss tho amendment moved by Sfr, Williamson in tho same clause, to the effect that existing occupiers of Crown lands should ro main in occupation until the end of ISSo. Colonel Sargood said tho Government had con sidered the matter, and thought the equities of tho case would be met by allowing six months, which would really mean oight months, and in many instances much longer, seeing that the sur veys could not be completed for a considerable time. Further discussion followed, in which it was generally contended that the longer period should he allowed owing to the season being such a bad |BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] Mr. Williamson's amendment for permitting occupiers of Crown lands to retain their holdings until the ond of 1885, was adopted against the protests of tho Government. In clauso 10, Schools of Mines and Picture Galleries were added, on the motion of Mr. Cnth lert, to tho institutions for which land may be reserved. ' At clause 21 progress was reported. At 10.30 p.m. tho House adjourned till Tuesday week. 