MILLIOENT. (From our own Correspondent.) October 2. Our German friends, failing to rent, a suit;/ able place in which to worship, some short time ago decided to erect a church for that purpose. A piece of land was purchased in Millicent North, and steps were taken towards raising funds for the purpose of erecting a church. To all appear ance in this they were successful, as tenders were called and accepted, and the building is now well advanced. All the material necessary for the stone work is supplied by the members of the church. The successful tenderer for tbe stone work, labor only, is Mr. Pi InnB, and the amount of hiB tender is £155. -Mr. A. Gid dings is the contractor for wood work," and his tender is £195, for which sum he has to find all material. The building iB in the Gothic style, hammer dressed stone, with quoin dressings of Hanging Bock grey dolomite, and stone mullioned windows. It will be 40 x 24 in the clear inside, and 20 feet from floor, to ceiling. . Yesterday the ceremony of laying the memorial Btone took place in the presence of a large number of spec tators. Amongst those present I noticed a number of residents from thB Mount, who came by ,the morning's train. Two o'clock was the hour fixed, for the ceremony, and shortly before that hour crowds of people might be seen trending their way to the place where the building is being erected. At the time stated the ceremony began by the Mount Gambier Lutheran Church choir, under the leadership of Hprr Jonas, sing ing a hymn of praise. The pastor of the church, Rev. JMr. Matchoss, . then delivered a .very impressive address, and afterwards proceeded to lay the' stone. Then, according to an old custom in Germany on such occasions, Mr. C. EL Spher, as the oldest member of the church, went through the ceremony of again laying the stone, and gave a short address. The pastor then re quested the Rev. T. Cunnigham to address the flssemblggp. Mr. Cunningham stepped on to the platform and delivered a v#ry e^rgpst ad dress, expressing the pleasure he felt at being present at such an impressive ceremony, and wished the members of the church prosperity in their undertaking. The choir then sang one of their beautiful Lutheran hymns, which are so full of. harmony. The Presbyterian Church harmonjujp was kpdly lent for the occasion, and added' greatly'to the beauty of J;he sjpging. After the pastor had asked a blessing on their labors an offertory was made, and about £56 were plaped on the stone. A move was then made for tile Esobange Ha}l, where tea was laid. On entering the hall one was struck with the tasteful manner in which the tableB were laid, and at the abundance of the good things provided. I have attended many of our pro verbially famous tea meetings, but never before did I see a greater abundance, or more variety, in the efjiblgg. There was enough provided to satisfy 800 or.,400,* if tjieyhad pojfie, and the palate of . the epicure could have been tickled with almost any dainty he liked to ask for. The whole of this wonderful spread was provided by lady members of the church, and was most creditable to them. The tea was also capital, and as for cream, don't think of it, it was there by the g^Jlpg. The ladies who so kindly pro vided the tables were Mesdames Sippel, Spehr, Nitschke, Pohlner, Eolzgrefe, Hoitkamp, W. Tantram, and By. The attendance was fair, £11 being realised, and enough waB left to have another tea meeting,, if desired. Yesterday will long .be remembered by our friends, and all the proceedings were very creditable to them, and successful, yhich they deserved to be, for they worked hard to command pqcceg? by Re serving it. ' | A Christy entertainment was given last night in the Exchange Hall in aid of the Institute building fund, and in every way was the most successful held yet. Everything passed off well, and the hall was crowded, £14 15s. being taken at the door. I will leave a report until my next, as it is now getting near mail time. Another correspondent has sent us the follow ing sketch of the opening ceremony of the Lutheran Church " At about 2 o'clock p.m. ai procession was formed by the members of the congregation, headed by the Millicent Brass Band. On arrival at the building the Rev. Mr. F. W. Matchoss opened the service in the name of the Holy Trinity, and the Mount Gam bier church phoij*, under tjie leadership of Herr C. M. Jonas,'sang the anttiem "Gieb deinen Frieden" (by Friedrich Fleming), which was beautifully rendered. The Rev. Mr. Matchoss took the text of his address out of EJphesians ii. l$-22. He said he most heartily welcomed all who would take part in that most interesting ceremony. He thanked God that He had placed the desire in the hearts of the Millicent congregation to build a house unto the Lord. After serving God for a considerable time in a house (kindly lent by a member) which was not sufficiently commodious, it was found necessary to hire a hall in which to conduct the services, and a great desire was ex pressed to have a place of worship of their own ; and that desire, by the grace of God and by exertion of the members, was about to be fulfilled. The laying of the stone was a shadow which had a very large spiritual meaning, as Jesus Christ was the foundation or corner stone in the great spiritual temple, in which we should all strive to be living stones, resting on the great Foundation, so that we could 'say with Paul-" I have laid a foundation which never moves." And, like the stones in a build ing^ every member should harmonise and fit in the great Temple of the Lord; and every con gregation should be a living temple built upon Jesus Christ, the Prophets, and Apostles. He congratulated the members on their energy in beginning such a house to worship the only true God in. They were doing a patriotic deed, in asmuch as they were upholding the doctrines and teachings of their mother tongue, for which Dr. Martin Luther so valiantly fought. The rev. gentleman exhorted them never to grow weary in well doing, and to contribute according to the means placed in their power, and the Lord would bless them. Mr. Holzgrefe here stepped forward and asked the Rev. Mr. Matchoss, on behalf of the Milli cent congregation to lay the stone. The stone, which ha8 on its face the inscrip tion-"St. Paul's, 1884"-was then lowered. Mr. Matchoss took the mallet, struck the stone three times, and laid it in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, afterwards de claring it well and truly laid. Mr. Spehr, one of the elders (a very old gentleman), then came forward and said-" If the Lord does not build this house, so will those labor in vain who work at it." The Rev. J. Cunningham (Presbyterian min ister) then addressed the people. He said it gave him much pleasure to be privileged to take part in the laying of the foundation stone of another hoase of God in Millicent, and he also wished to express the esteem he bad for his friend the Rev. Mr. Matchoss, and his profound love and reverence for God himself. They all recognised that God saved through Jesus Christ, and it was worthy of their deepest gratitude to be privileged to worship God in their mother tongue, in their own place, and according to their own conscience. He exhorted all present to be living Blones in the great spiritual Temple of God, and hoped that God would spare the Rev. Mr. Matchoss long to spread the word of God with soul-saving effect; that He might grant an out-pouring of the Holy Spirit; and that all might grow in grace who loved the Lord Jesus Christ. He could only express his great plea sure at their German friends working so zeal ously, and hope that God would recognise the services. Might the Lord be' ever with them and comfort them. The Rev. Mr, Matohoss then offered a very earnest prayer, and the choir sang the splendid anthem-" Daa ist ein Noatlichea Ding," after which all were invited to contribute. The choir sang capitally, and were very materially assisted by the kindness of the Rev. J. Cunningham and the trustees of the Presby terian Church, who lent their fine cabinet organ. The amount laid on the stone was £56 18s. The Brass Band played "The Watch on the Rhine " very well, after which an adjournment was made to the tea. The spread was really good, and did great credit to the caterers. It realised £11 12s. 6d. Altogether the congrega tion ought to be congratulated at the satisfac tory result of the day's proceedings. 