E0HOES OF MEiiBOURNE i ' ': ,'iffly The Ghost.), ,, . i .- ... -?;..,?' ?' 'i '??? -.; ?: ,?. ... ... ? Jin- ?*. ! Unhappy members of the fourth estate are, during: tho, present ;to them anything; but festive season able,;tp roalisoto the1 very. fullest extent the unfortunate plight in which the ancient Egyptians; fpund; I themselves when compelled by their cruel : taskmasters to manufacture bricks without straw. . Hbwi in the name of ,overythinir! rational, is an, unlucky, slave of the lamp ?to indite a letter, when, [ friends, acquaint ancesy and gossipers are all out of the way ? Parliament is out of. session. Ministers and members Of the . Legislature. ,,for the most part are. using their free railway passes in other colonies.; an d; everybody who is any b6dy in the political and social , world has fled from the .dust of Victoria's chief city and soughtr distraction; dissipation, .' or pleasure at some one,, of. our nume: rbus . sea7side re9pr_ts,f , ; Not even tho announcement made, in the columns of: the Government - Gazette, .that the : annual revenue had fallen short, of the Treasurer's estimate'by upwards of .£100,000, has ruffled the. dead calm of matters political. Mr. Service is.looking at (the deficit very philo sophically from; the, margin of. those very sad, and' unmentionablyi dreary sea waves that have the 'back' beach' at Sorrento, his late colleague i at the .Sydney Conference, Mr. Kerferd, keeping, his, chief .company the while, and .dreaming ,of that. Supremq. so near Jus grasp- and yet is' still .sp. far from attainment. . ..- ??!,?? ? '?'. -1 .!'.?'; ...-.;, The -members' of the' Public : Service. Board and the two Railway;. Commissioners,! created respectively i under. the,/new; Civil Service ;Bill and tho Railways Management Bill,, are, yet ; unappointed, ,;or .(more correctly speaking, perhaps, the appointees', names liaye not up,; to, the ;?-. present beon vouchsafed, to the public. (ft is no secret, however,, that the matter has been; discussed and settled.-in the Cabinet and[ the , , selection made. , Howeyer; :, silenpe cannot be kept much longer, , for. the . rail ways management is to.be in the hands ofj the three Commissioners on the 1st of Feb ruary, and. during-.iidxt i week. the i.names of; thefortunate gentlemen will , be' .known. . Ana then ai ?ncfwi ^ipr 'tneijmany disap pointed ones may ..be, .expected, and. some; present . friends -will become future ,ener( mies. ??;?-..,.' ? ;.ivii.-.i .- .'!. ?? '?? ??;?..-?.: The works of the Harbour Trust in cbnr, nection . with : ?, fhe removal ; of the Tarra : Falls, temporarily -stopped bya Supreme Court injunction issued -at: the instance of; some Riverine manufacturers, have : been; resumed. It ? has been1 , very much the: fashion of late years: to abuse and decry ; the, river, and opprobrious names by the* ' dozen have .been showered on , the poor i lYarraiYarra. It is,: however, satisfactory jto.'know. that,' there, are ;some people still, who .look upon it with . such favour, that sooner than see any change, and rather, than suffer the '.deprivation of its not over' pellucid nor too sweet scented waters, they iare : pr.epared.ito undertake a long and ex-, pensive equity suit. \ The Tarra, like Jor dan of. i old, may come from, one! of the,* 'meanest to be looked : upon i as one of : the noblest of streams. Who -knows that ere many-years' it may -become, possible ,ito emulate the feat pf Naaman,; and even, opposite the bone mill's to 'iwashj, and bo ?clean.-?', ??;.??? ... ?' ...??,-, .- ?vM ? :-.' : ? ?' .' . Some alterations ought certainly ;to be made in i the, rules of cricket, which would have the ? effect of (reducing, the scores.' Life is too short' for people to be able- to devoteone entire day out -of , their allotted span to looking: at a batsman making his 300 runs. There is,' sooth to.say, a great deal/ of: sameness in the .proceeding, -and toujows . ', .Mwdoch- at . the! wickets threatens to become ,, as ?-. .uninteresting, as the : proverbial -.. -touj ours :perdrix. In ' the good : old days of underhand bowling, and when the billiard table- like sward was undreamt of, even .' getting into double figure' was almost a feather in the cap of the best players. All that is changed now, and the conditions under which the game is- -played.. now being so entirely different to those of former times, would it not be well to inaugurate one more altera tion, and shave off half an inch or so from the width of the bat ? 'Inthese days, when everything and everybody is being reformed, are, there no, cricket reformers ? ? How; strongly people aro affected1 by old traditions ' is exemplified by even such an unpretentious little literary production' as the1 time-table of the1 Union Steamship Company. Most persons have heard the story anent the overscrupulous Scotch lady, who ''wadnae alloo ? whustlin' on the Sabbath J' (and those who have not had perhaps better retain their ignorance of the anecdote); The moral lesson therein inculcated, has evidently not been forgotten by the directors of the Company named, the majority of whom are reputed to hail from north of 'the' Tweed. The pamphlet, after setting but the various signals to be used, states these will be heard on the de parture of the steamers 'except on'' Sun days, when the whistle Jwill not -be sounded.' The vessels may steam, the passengers enjoy their liquor; at the ship's bar, the officers and crew go about their regular duties as on ordinary week days, but there is to be, ' nae whustlin' on the Sabbath.' - Does not the regulation call up vivid recollections of : the 'land ? of mountain and of flood ?' ,- j ??.'?- :'.' .. :? . !.: The Ministry are: taking as unconsion ably long a time in filling up the two vacant police magistracies as ' the -, Merry Monarch did; in ;dyingi '.But Charles III apologised for the delay,»ndr$[r. Service andj,his . r qplleagues, c,pa.ak.e..,noJ. sign, , ^The j bfficer,S;of(the department ave-,beginning to feel u'rieas'yj^ahd half 'ariticipa'te''anothoi 'job.' If the rule of tlie Civil Service is to be observed Why should the bunch of carrots b'd dangled for'sPlpng P Is it ,'in-| tended to Keep tlie PiM. ships, in reseryb't'o' lesson tho feelirig of disappointinent -to' whicli the publication of th'e names of tho members pf the Railways arid Civil Service: Boards is sure to give, use? ' ','., ' [ 'What, with' ' foot-and-mouth' disease, rindeTDest. and the other . ills td which1 bovine' flesh is heir cattle in|. Europe; have, .Of late years,' been having, rather a. bad time Of it. The 'roast beef of old England 'is not ? even ncjw beyorid sus picion. , Victoria appears destined' to realise spine of the exjieriences ' bf older countries. .'There is little : dbubt that tuberculosis, in a; virulent. ' form, exists in herherdsjand that vigorous means must be adopted if the disease is to be stamped outi 'What is one '.man's meat, is, another mari's .poison,' baya the old'provorb.' Unless people are caref ill ii the solbction of their joints, it rimy conie to' pass that in regard to pur butchers^ some niori's ^riieat may trim out to be: everybopTy's poison. .Tlie fearful disease is' 'coriiriiunicable to humaii KAinorq. n.n/1 'f.iiin ttottt ' +,li iVn crTi f. ' 'ih' n.lmrtttf! enough to cause, persons to become !yege tai'iansichtiophagij'oyariah's^ or 'anything arians iri prefororice to 'remainirig 'beef- eaters:'- - ; ' ':;; :.. .'? ;;??'? '?'/;* 0Mi/:v The fare provided for Ciiristma's tid^is] still being prbf,eri'ed ' to .!the ' play-gping; public of Melbourne. ' Even tlio. ! ,.inpst| favourably disposed critic iriust 'allow1 that there is nothing at any of 'the ' theatre's of which tlie| management have reaspfi . 'tp'f^bl proud,' if we except ,' the ' Opsri Hpuse^ where 'Rip Van Winkle'? is b&ihg; presSntbd.! The pantonlime's'-at the Bijou and Royal are stripidly1' iriarie; and at ' the latter house largely 'spicbd1 with vulgarity. The local witticisms'aie of the mostdreary type, arid the''harlequiria'des'as idiotically ' stupid as ever. ? Surely it''is' time to abolish these, 'stupid relics; of Ja: bygpne1 'age1.' ]' Panto;' miirie hasi 16n.ig ' iieased t6 amuse chilclrei^ and 'tb'1 'grown up 'pebple they are'^tha abomination of desolation.' To1 '.people' |about ' to '.vlpit1 :the ''Melbourne '.?theatres Punch's advicp' tb those about to ikarty 'is. singularly appropriate,; 'Don fc. , ?; ?; i '% /I;'' i aImiddle' course '?'.' .V'. i:i ? ! -K. ?: ?ir'.'.fBT'Gia.NpirAiiMA.]' ?.????.,'.?? ,Thoy fed hop theories in and out of plaoo, ','?!'' Maintaining that, with-.oqnalbuabaiidry, . ' '?' -. i Tho woman -were an eaual to tho man. : ,. ? ;-, - , ?- , ,r ? They harp'd on this, withjthis pur, ; banquets '',- rang;;;' ','.!,?',..'.'.,. , ', ' ' ''.'.*;[? ..f',\\.,!;.' ?; Oiir dancos broke and buzzed iri knpts of talk; Nothing Trai this 1 ? iny vary ,ear a' ?were hot: ' ' ; ; To hear them;r kriowledgoi s'o;'my 'daughtor iWas^aUinidll.' '.-? .?;:'.' i:--yJtj .ii:;.,;:'.hr-'*. v,r.i ; -,,.?..'..?:; : ??????}; .!.,;.. riTBNSTBON.'s ' Prmoesa.'i -,On;the- subject of education! for' women, the liberal portion, of the .civilised world is ?npw, fast Jjecpiningj iunanimous. i ,i Popular ? leoturers - entertain large audiences . with enthusiastic,', .not ;tp, - say; 'hyperbolical;, orations on tlie equal, if not superior,quality: of woman's,intellect as compared to man's. iln these ''columns the authority, ipf, the (beautiful, brilliant,and learned Lady Mary iWortley Montague was lately cited aspre i she, top held them, it was with a difference. i Lady Mary was herself a classic scholar, a good modern linguist, a writer of very charming prose ('terse and excellent (English, quoth ,a Saturday reviewer, [alluding to it), in which her nai-ratiyes and :descriptions still read with vivid freshness; arid of the witty (perhaps a little wicked) vers de societu of her time and surroundings. She was withal in her, day a great traveller, for of such epicene heroines as gallop over the world and its traditionary, proprieties in. these our days , who- among the. highest ; or lowliest of pur bravest and gayest great grandmothers eve,r so much as dreamed ? With what, incredulous hair-on-end dismay would they have perused the exploits 'of. Miss Bird, a Lady Dixie, , or a Teresina, Peregrina ! ;. ; ..; ., \\. .i, . ...-? „ . : Besides being an observant traveller, Lady Mary was a woman,pf .original and daring ideas, a little; . likely, , one would suppose, to respect or . even, tolerate' the prejudices of a legion of ' Mrs. .Grundys,' whilst strong in her well-founded convic tions as to her own sex and woman's claim and right to a liberal education. Yet, although she urges that women should obtain all theknowledge they can acquire, she also counsels them to hold it as a hidden treasure, lest their social success and happiness should suffer by the betrayal that they were superior to their associates. Lady Mary, with all h'or valour, was not prepared to face such odds, and enter the lists proclaiming and defending a faith which would have startled and alarmed her world as a very giant of heterodoxy and decorum. The signal difference between her and the apostles of our present woman's education creed is her advocacy of unobtru-; sive reticence and the present custom of boldest proclamation and publicity, even from tho first step of the young aspirant's advance. Long and observant ? consider ation leads me to the conclusion, that a middle course, equally disclaiming the hypoorisy of concealment on the one hand, and the ostentation, of display, on the other, would be essentially the best. I sincerely wish that I, when a girl, could have enjoyed the advantages now open to our granddaughters. I know I should have used them diligently, I think successfully, and my dissent from one point in the popular scheme must not be understood as springing from any root of mean illiberality ; nor am I alono in my convictions. They are shared by women infinitely, my superiors in attainments, and who, by their position as teachers, are better qualified to jprpnounce opinions. I consider the prominent appearance in a large . public , assemblagb. , of tlie girl students, to whom honours are,- awarded -aj; examinationa ;''a:'gj;eaf and^graye mistake. ;i , That Jboys, arid young, nipn should thiis come forward tp' receive the hcri'ourable guerdon 'they, hay e,)vprked to 'wiri'is,, quitfe .another mattpr. ;,. Arboy/slsdlip'ol. life is ah epitome of that '. which awaits Iiirii in the world, and; to bo brave' aid self-reliant, is a ppirit,, of duty-jj yet !l: .have : seen bold, sturdy boys, as they stood conspicuousiy'iri tne moment or triumpii, receiving tr^e praise ,and congratulations of thppresidbrit (and. more prize-books than they';, could carry), whose changing colour, nervous hands, and glistening oyes gave eyiSe'nce of trying oriiotiori tliat wblliigli .pvercame their manliness ; whilst the ringing clieers and deafening clatter of applause that, rpsp as they retired were ? all , a . pharacteristip and legitimate feature of the 'leyerit.,,|But ' in how entirely different, a' key' 'the' 'same performance sounds— how put of ^keeping the whole scone — when a tiinid,; blushing girl, of perhaps'l'ly or less,,is the ce^trglbf attraction. Wliat an', ordeal ,', 'for/; ie- I, ttp pass through that staring crowd' conscious that many hundred eves, are unon'T'.h'br; rioting every ' peculiaiity,'pi-ettiriessi;v.o^ defect in heraspect' pi1 deiaeariqur,,'l,'Iir'.'iV, It'.lis.j a'; trial,, to -.'which; no t young, girl should . be subjectpd;!','-,1 ''.,,',':?' .',',-;,:'' .'..,.?,-;!;,', 'I aril' quite .' awaire ; 'that' \ it ('is j passed through !by mariy with a Create, i^ amount ci£ ???; self-ppssesgipn ; than isishowri, byf,vspme(,pt the'; bpy^Vjbut .'is. iit','.desira'bip,.,that^any young girl should be; called Yuppri rtp /eierr cise. , such mature, ? . strbrig-riiui'diid '., cpmj posura?, PpBsibly I may be ;tpld 'tliat |''tho girls like it.' .VSome '*?' girls of thq'.perfpd?.' liip.anddo .maiiy things .whicli 'it is highly, undesh'able thatjthey-.sliould'lap^.Myr.bb;. jectipn does not refer tpililc^ngjlibut .suifa;. ' bility ; arid (io bring a' girl fromlier'achopl^ desk : or, the' quiet'jetirement of lipiiie to be' . set; fprtli\\.'in;j,^ho'^'mbstM(''pVbU'ci..°*(nianxior possible, ;'; .Jfpr ' ppp.ularj . , pbservatipri , ', and applausej is,' to riiy^thiikirig) [a'inbst,,un-! suitable proceeding., ,' If ,'she i rbe^uiisijpiled and. natural, ,'^h'y a^d^tiriiid^, the' hpur as,prie. ilittle, shor);j,of .agpriy^if.i.bpld .and', .Be)L{ i as3^(id,;t)ie;triump^^^ un,wi.plespmb arid injvjrijous^ j' ,;,'.. ,':'', !/.,,?'', ? , -I would .not; by, a single., page, ;abridge the r studies .which: are. arTapged: by wiser; ! heads/ than 'mine . for; intelligent ?, and. am-i bitious girlB to pursue.1 v.iPfli'hap3.Iam|npti quite'! converted to .the. belief (that; all girls.' are..;as^well'qualified,,a8 tllft/generalityioiE: ' boys for the.' profitablei [study of ..abstruse': Isubjedtsj .but! where Mary/ Somer.ville,v ! Caroline . Hdrsohellii .u Elizabeth,,- Barrett, ! Browningilaiid: many more, have .led./ihe': ? way, ^some i.of : our, vchildren-;. may , surely, follow'; and I would have the path open- to : all.who desirotOienter, iWith.eyery. possible encouragement forl perseverance, andthe i most (liberal and --honourable rewards, forj succesSii'v.'I would have the examinations; careful;! and. searching, ; the certificates ofr proficiency exact, and the prizes awarded more liberal. ? But I would' have allthese honours and rewards bestowed; quietly, andr .without any public .display '.further than' the publication in the proper places of the. - I candidates' names. The -president for the .year is always'one whose active interest in education, is too, thorough to let him be jgrudg'e the bestowal, of, a little' extra time-, to the cause, arid girl studerits could feach, receive' from his own hands her due. re ward.'.'.' ,,','?' ' '' . ?'.''? : /..'i' ' . ? ' '.''' Tp thbse who have prosecuted study be yond the'usual limit,; with the i intention of ? !becpming teachers, and' to whom the, diploma is absolute capital, the public pre sentation does not enhance, its intrinsic, value ; neither to those who' have per-', .severed, in pure' love of knowledge, .does;, ?the recognition of their advariceinent^cori-' vey any greater satisfaction, because it is! public and noisy ; whilst in instances where, the temporary gratification of an ariabitious. vanity is alone the motive for exertion.-the : abolition of the show prdeai would remove; j the temptation to 'make believe.' '? ..';.' ! I am the last person to undervalue study jor the, acquisition of knowledge..^ I do;,1 not .even think with the poet/that 'a little' is | ;' dangerous,' for I think a little is better, than none, but I believe rthat theviittle ; which is attained by a vain,, forward girl,' 1 solely as the means' ;to socure the public exhibition she, covets, may be far. top dearly bought. During the months or years of work she assumes an insolently important position in the parental home, adopting , a: fancy P costume of absorbed, hard-thinking airs, for the edification of the family. Little brothers and sisters find the old freedom and merriment checked into still solemnity, because ' Cydippe is at her. studies.' Her younger sister, whoso pretty voice was the delight , of the hpuse hold, is snubbed into: silence, as. 'such a noise distracts Cydippe.' The master of the house begins to doubt his right to such title when ho finds that his privileges in tho matter of whistling are materially circumscribed, because ' Cydippe is road ing for her degree.' That rude boy Jack, whose irreverence is not to be controlled, proposes to order a thick coat of tan to, be put down before the house. ' till poor Cydippe has recovered from her attack of mathematics;' and the mother— tho de voted, self-sacrificing mother,, perhaps not very learned herself, and so all the more profoundly impressed with tlao idea or her daughter's distinction — lays herself out with abject meekness to be trampled on at all points. She had fondly hoped that when Cydippe was grown up, that dear girl would be the greatest help and comfort to her in managing the house, attending , to the littlo ones and assisting in tho family needlework, but instead of relief finds additional labour falling on her hands, for even the little which Cydippe did formerly she; has ceased to do- now, ' and what a shame it would be to take the child front her books.' So her gloves are meuded-and her stockings; are darned by those patient, loving hands, in : the hope that all will be sot' right when : 'the .great day. is .over. 'Then,'f the .mother , thinks, ?' what,, a treasure our darling will:; be. ?.,, .She .can ' each thb little ones, and we may' do with - 1 oui'Misa Lexicon, the ' governess,' alto-j gether.' 'And with' this1 deUghtful pros pect she dazzles her husband whe;n' it'be ; cornea her task to coax him into giving a handsome cheque to provide the radiant attire in which Cydippe is bent Von ' out shining her fellow-students' on the show; day. The oxariiinations are passed' some- how, probably not the first time of making ? 'the attempt/ nor more than just passed; but it is enough, and the mainspring of the studious fad is at once mado manifest by the entire absorption of Cydippo's inind and soul in the all-mighty question of dress. However heavily the household has been oppressed by her studies, the 'manner in which it is now exercised' by her wishes and wants,- fancios and exactions, and the endless, often angry arguments concerning tint, texture, shape, ' and millinery, is infinitely more oxosper ? ? - aiirig. '''? '''?.'. ? ..' .'?' ?'And the outcome — what? Do we find Cydippe realising her mother's hopes ? Devoting herself and her acquirements to the' care and imtructioa : of her young sisters t jNotning or tne Kma. j-orawnua she is a sort of heroine in a small way, and ? probably likes to be considered delicate from over study ; but when the parental . Expectations are plainly set forth to her, she as' plainly repudiates all such inten ? tibh,' seeming to consider that, the lustre her distinction has conferred on her family circle is as a discharge in full of all'ohliga ?fcibtis, and that henceforth she may exclu sively devote herself to her own pleasure and amusement. ' Her services in'tho house .'''.. are wholly lost to her mother, her arrb sran6e and assumption are ridiculous, and henceforth she does hot further prosecute ' any study, nor open a book more abstruse1 than a fashionable . novel. '.. . ' ? That this is no fancy portrait, families who have suffered can bear witness, and the public parade attendant ontheprize giving is alone to blame for thus spoiling girls who might have ? becomo unaffected, useful, domestic women, but-who will bear no equivalent value as learned ones; .The 4 sterling, sincere, capable students would study on, winning their well deserved '??,'' honour, irrespective and regardless of the manner of its bestowal ; but the counter feits/ ; the -' foolish virgins,' who are only' tempted into competition by the' eclat of display; would without that idea have no indue'ement to step out of their natural groove, and might travel on, usefully and amiably, within it. -?' ?'???? ? ?IOn these grounds it is that, aftersoine years 'of observation, I am compelled to believe that the appearance in public ef the girls to -whoin honours are awarded at liie- examinations is . ?f-'ai great a'nda'gvave ':'.'.. mistake.' ? ;-/. ??'?'? h*r'; ? ' ' ?? ?:.''.;'?? .' t LX no itoregoing article, wmen isre-' printed' from; the- Ladies1 Column in- the; 8ydtieytMail'6t Dec. IB, is from the peri of . a -&dy; residing in Tasmania. — Ep. TaSi] ? ' A' L Singular AiTAiK.-f A ' strange affair is! reported as having occurred at Sand-' : liurst, Victoria,' on 2nd inst. \ ' The Rev. J.. JiSiiephenson, a clergyman who had come' out from England a few months previously' on. account of ill-health,, died on New. Tear's., Day at the Shamrock Hotel, where, hehad been staying. -J)jie!of' the house- ; maids,; named Jane d'Briun,' was greatly! : affected by the death, and next day took to ?? Her '.bed.' ; About 10 p.m. she fell from wie roor oi tne oaicony on to tne street, a distance of about 40ft., but when picked up was 'found to have escaped [any more serious injury, than a few abrasions. It is reported that the girl has been in the tabit of attending the Salvation, Army ' meetings, and it is evident that she is suffering from, religious mania. She has shown signs of hot being altogether well for/the last 'few days; 'and the fright oc-; casioried by hearing the 'news, of the death of iSx. Stejjhe'nson evidently^ contributed to -unhinge ' her faculties,' and cause ?' her to wander and meet ? with the fall: The ' escape from death is miraculous,, and were it not for the fact that the, fail was btokeri by the elm tree ? on -the streot; the consequences must inevitably have been, very serious indeed. 'As' it happened, how ever,1 .the girl fell through the tree, 'the branches of which actually bent to the ground by- her weight, and saved her from ? a terrible death. -Her bedroom is: situated in the third or top storey of : the building, and does not overlook the street. She must have got on to the roof by means, of the ' skylight opening out above her bed room, and then clambered along the 'roof until she got on to the balcony roof; On her way she broke the skylight of the bathroom, and must- have had a narrow ? escape there. She then apparently walked over the balcony and fell to the ground. The girl herself, who is unquestionably in sane, states that she got out through two rooms; which she called the devil's rooms j that the reason she got out was because she saw two furnaces, and a girl standing near them said they wanted her to burn her;- She Baid, 'Oh! wellj I'll escape,' and got out of the' room. She was looking for ' the door,' and thought she had found it when she toppled over the balcony' on to the street. ' ? ' ' - ' .; ' '? ? A Crusade Against Wax Matches and 'Tandstiokors.' — The East Loddon Shire Council (Victoria) has passed a motion jin favour of the imposition of a heavy tax Tipon wax matches, and those ? known fas 'Tandstickors,' as being conducive to the occurrence of ! bush fires. The Council favoured the adoption of safetv matches. and considered that these might bo made in sizes more convenient for general use. ' .-'At'the Roman Catholic Cathedral,Perth recently Vnine young' ladies' received ' the ?white, veil. 'No '; Australian- convent has ?hithertoreceive'd' at btietime bo large' -aa' accession of nuns. :.;»'?'?- i: ?-'.'?' ,--:'::;; 