QAULFI£LD- Bv "THE WORM." This D.\y, A bright fresh Work commenced soon after 0 o'clock, but owing to its boing confined to thu #ncd track, it was of a very tame descrip- tion. Becesford was tbe nrat to put io nu oppsar- ance, goiog toroo rounds, imoroviog to good striding work the last time. On Saturday, be was put through aomo useful schooling, jumu ing grandly whon the pace was oo, ho is look iog very well. Mr Rowe had Chester and tbe chestnut gelding doing quiet work. He gave the young Angler horse a spin for bnl a mile in company with EriohdlecB and Toronto. Mr Connolly aant Jack Koack and Novelette & couple of eteady rounds brushing along (or half a mito in tue InBt round. Pyphon and Veritas put in twn or ihree quiet rounds, both very eager to b? going, they are looking bto and fresh. Mv G. Robinson sent Cupola o or -1 rounds qui> tly. Tha ctip borpo is looking very oice, bis companion, Merry Fenella, doing a couplo of turns the rsverso way, not looking nay thu wrrge for her running ou Saturday, Mr Jones had five c-f his string ding mild exerciee, corsisting of Violet, Firot Pop, The liohen-iau, Ccriolanus, and Sir Ssmuol. Mr Lecg treated Egbert to a couple go steady rounds in company with Tippity, Witchett, tbe son ofGoldtboro, going another a bit faster alone. He keo 'R otoa aud big. Caruln put in a couple of steady round. Mr J, Hej-word, on Sonttan, put in thteo rounds, cantering freely, Gildmy being treated to quiet exercise. He is looking frosb nnd well. Mv M'jLellau's Don Giovanni colt cantered, Cndland being absent. Mr Davis cent Ditto aud David twica round steady, Camorine nnd Dargo following suit. Mr Harper, junr, gave Tandsticker long, ttendy work, going to all appearauce sound. Mr Reed's Norfolk, Tumult and The Ghost cantered two or three rounds. Too latter is a much improved horse, but I cannot stand him for the cup. Messrs Connolly and Davis work their second string later on in the day. Mr Look, I am told, works at Efsternwiok on tbo days tbo grass is closed here, and N, Campbell has evidently got come handy spot for off days. W. Higinbotbam is expeoted with Mr Wal lace's horfios in a day or two. 