Moslem c/f/i/sr/AiV/rr. By Mr. Moncure D. Conway, M.A. "I sit in this verandah," aaid Arabi, " and wait nnd wait to see what England will do in Egypt." " And the Mahdi ? " said I. " Ah !" paid the exile, and then paused a few moments, while I thought his face clouded at the thought of the great events that might be imminent in his country while he was m a foreign land. Then through our interpreter he said, " The Mahomraedan world ha? of late been looking for the Mahdi, If they find this is not he they will look for another." At the time I renr. in hered tho words in Matthew, " Art thou He that should come, or do we look for another':" Lately I was again reminded of my conveisa- lion with Arnbi last Christmas by the tele gram announcing the appearance nt Harfnr of a new Mahdi, who, when imrrounricd by foes, miraculously vanished. This new Mahdi hna not reappeared, and ho probably will not reappear so long as tho acknowledged Mahdi holds his own. He is the ghost who ap pears to stimulate the euergies of his swarthy Hamlet. He is also a sign that there is a Mahdi in reserve Bhould Mahommed Ahmed be " smashed." The Mahdi does not die. His rule Is not a very difficult one. 2u times when there is a conjunction of popular despair wi;h traditional expectation of n super natural event, a strong man needs only perfect faith in himself to draw to himself all tho KtrcngtU of heart and brain around hiin. It in necessary, if a prophet is to find believers, that he shall have a " message." This " message" must combine a revival of rigid orthodoxy, with protest? againat some practical evil or wrong. " When the tale of bricks is doubled Mo? cm comes." The sorcerers of Pharaoh cast down their rods, and they became serpents, but Aaron a rod swallowed up their rous, because Aaron . came with a " message" against a wrong, and a hope of deliverance. The Mahdi's appearance means a heavy burden on the Soudanese, and a vehement agitation which is poured into a mould of religions belief nhnost as fiery as the furnace in which it we? molten. The millennial idea, which since a.p. 1000 has steadily declined in Europe, preserves the strength in the Moslem regions of Africa. In the year 1000 the Moslem shared Hie excitement nnd expecta tion oi' the European world, and Hakim, who then reigned at Cairo, proclaimed himself the forerunner of Christ. That expectation having failed, the millennial doctrine in Europe, after a brief revival jnt before the Reformation, was rationalised away ; but the Mahometans cherished it, and the present Mahdi is sup posed to be the reappearance of one bearing the same name who "disappeared" a thou sand year? ago. It is a fact strangely ignored that the Ma- hommedons are ChrL-tians, It is true that Moslem Christianity has Buffered a sort of ar rest in a primitive phase, outgrown by the development of Christendom ; but the Ma- liommeilau's faith in the present and hope for the future of the world centies in Chriat. They are called Mahoiumt'duD. but it is nn epithet ; Mahommed is to them little more than what "Wesley is to the Wesleyaus. I asked Arabi, in the course of ft conversation on theology, why lie and his friends so constantly spoke of Christ as to appear instead of Mahommed, aud why the Prophet was assigned no function in the approaching consummation. "'Mahom med cannot appear," he said, "because he is dead." In answer to my further inquiry he said, " Christ is riot dend ; it was a mere effigy of liim which the .Tews crucified. Thero are two men who never died — Elias nnd Jesus." He did not say that Elias was to bo "he that should come" inform of a Mahdi, being rather reticent on that point, bnt he was clear in his belief that Christ still lives, and that he will " appear" to judge the world aud refgo over it. This, indeed, was warranted by what I have read in the Korau and other Mussulman books, but I did not realise before that it been formed into bo consistent an cschatology. Afterwards I took some pains to convcr.-o on such subjects with other Mabom- medans, and found that these ideas of Christ were held by most of them with a fervor of faith rarely known among those gix&er;&lly; called Christians. The Mahoin- medtn also believes with uncompromising fidelity that .Torus was miraculously conceived, that He is " the Word which be c.isfc into Mary, and a spirit from Him" (Koran), that He alone of all the human race performed miracles, and when He shall again b? heralded and again appear will convert European ChristiauR from their one error (belief in the Trinity), and gather them with Jews and Moslems into one divine kingdom, of which He will be king. In a letter from Hongola Daily i\eics, 1st May), it is related that when certain Austrian priests aud nuns were threatened with death unless they would abandon their religion, one of them aaid to the Mahdi, M You ! say that Christ is to come and join you to aid in making the Mahommedan religion universal. Then let us live until Christ comes and tolls us to follow you." The Mahdi agreed, and gave orders for their release. I wan informed by one who has teen Osman IMgna that the cross is conspicuous upon his dress in front, and a cross on a blue ground is on tho skull cap of the Muhdi's eoldiers. Tho dervish cassock which the Mahdi recently sent to General Gordon, with the re quest that he would be converted and wear it, j and which the general kickod across the room, j no doubt had the cross upon it. It is possible that if the impulsive General had worn it, and visited the Mahdi, lie would have been welcomed as a brother Mahdi, if not a higher personage. General Gordon's views of Christian doctrine and history and of his own " mission" are called peculiar, but they are such as would readily be understood by a Druse of Lebanon or by any Moslem of the j Soudan. Since such preachers as Bulwer's s " Olinthus" overspread Italy and found their I " message" — the approaching end of the I world — confirmed by catastrophes, of which j the destruction of Pompeii was the last, there ! has been a great separation between Semitic j and Latin Christianity. The latter recovered j mora and more the characteristics of Aryan j religion, images, rites, metaphysics. But i there w.is a Semitic Christian development, and it is especially represented by these .Mo.?- ( lerna in Africa, Any one who, by historic , imagination, am place himself back iu the ' period when the burning theme? wero the Man > of Sin — crowued in the person of the destroyer : of Jerusalem the Fame vc-ar that Vesuvius rained fires on Inter Cities of the ! Plain— the struggle between Christ and Antichrist, the coming Messianic king dom— will realise the ideas and expecta tions amid which the humble Soudanese are living to-day. There havo been oppressions enough to keep alive Pharaoh and the task : masters ; nnd no doubt recent earthquakes in j Italy, Turkey nnd Kn'gland are as significant ' t<> these primitive Christians as that at Her- culaneum in tho first century was to Jews of I the Ghetto. | What forces have arrested the Moslem mind in a phase of primitive faith known among ourselvve only through some occasional second Advcntist or other "reversion"? European and Moslem Ciirist'anity differed from their parent Judaism in being proselytising creeds, They both found in their sacred record in- struction to smite unbelievers. While Bndd- Imm, which nover shed a drop of blood, ban converted more tliau half the human race, these two variant? — reverencing the same patriarchs, prophets, angels and Meseiuh— came into a feud which rendered conversion of one by the other equivalent to national as well ns roligious disloyalty. Although anti- Trinitarian movements among ourselves may inspire the Moslem with renewed faith in hie doctrine, any Trinitarian development amon Mahommcdans is impossible. Unhappily European Christianity has hitherto tcuobed Islam chiefly with its auperstition and its an tagonism. The Mahommedan need only go to tiie nearest nomadic missionary to hear dogmas that confirm his fanaticism, while by centuries of antagonism, by our frJpe stereo typed epithet ("Impostor") for his Prophet, wo have built a wall betv/eeu hitn and our selves impervious to tho peaceful Runshino which Northorn Christianity has gathered iu a thousand years. The Christianity which so long warred with Islam for the sepulchre of Christ no longer exists. England would not now dlied one man's blood forth? sepulchre of Christ ; but the quincentenary of Wycliff's death may remind us that the Christ who with him rose from tho ecclefiinstical sepul chre, wherein his spirit ulcpt through crusad ing centuries, ia reDresentud in no changed at- titudo towards the Moslem Christian. He can readily see that Chri-t in Christendom is throned in purple and cold, but the lowly " fan, the sou of Mary," he fe«Is to be on his aide. The Soudan Mahdi sleeping on tho ground sees a ladder to a near v-nradi?c, aud does not envy the English Mahdi In his i palace, Contemptuous of the worldly king doms winch tho triumphaut tempter bos shown us from n high mount, the Modem be lieves he has chosen the better part that shall not be taken from liim. When Francis Newman (now Processor) went as a missionary to Aleopo, a Mahommedan carpenter, who h?d listened patiently to his conversation, re- plied : "God has given to you English a great many good gifts. You make fine ships, sharp penknives and good cloth and cotton ; and you have rich nobles and brave eoldiers ; and you write and print many learned books (dic tionaries aud grammars) ; all this is of God. But there is one thing that God has withheld from you and has revealed to us ; and that is the true religion,' by which one may be saved." Tho young Oxonian found himself silenced, "His position towards me was exactly that of a humble Christian towards an unbelieving philosopher; nay, that of the early Apostles or Jewish prophets towards the progd, culti vated, worldly wise and powerful heathen." Through many centuries tho inflexible, un questioning unity of belief in the Moslem world was a source of strength, and even a condition of survival, to a race. But that which was once nn advan tage has become a dLndvuntige. Since the Sufis were exterminated there would appear to be no sceptical or inquiring M&hommedans.; At- the same time, it becomes increasingly plain that the Moslem conception of the universe and of the world is wrong, and that to main tain it against tho experience and science of Christendom tends to become an insanity. The'Mosltm Christian in the less civilised regions ect-ms prepared to burl hiinrelf against tiie walls of fact and neces sity. But has not European Chrsti- anity largely helped to imprison the mind of its nomadic brother in bis fatal error? Is it not Jacob with his comfortable flocks who hasdri/on Esau to the mountains?' It was Christendom chiefly that made Moslem fanaticism a factor of survival. And now that the most powerful of Christian nations has virtually inherited the throne of Akbar and the throne of the Pharaohs, there is an oppor tunity of reversing the dismal traditions of enmity between Northern and Moslem Christianity. If " the Spirit of Christ" means anything in England to-day beyond what "the tomb of Christ" mount to the Crusader, it will now xnako itself felt among those humble tribes whose blood is kindred to His own. And now that as they watch aud pray for His appearing their prayer can only bo answered by a crowned Christ from the North— n>w that England is .compelled to become the earthly providence to these poor and ignorant millions — it wore a sharper sarcasm than Vol taire ever ottered should Isa come from his Northern throne to the region of bis birth ouly to deliver up his lowly brothers to Turkish or Multifile or other taskmasters, or to crush their half won liberties. — Pall Mall JiudgcU 