HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF FIE IF. (FROM OUB OWN COHRBSPONDEKT.) Paris. 28th June. Tho cholera has cut ont the Conference. Toulon is more interesting than tlie Chamber of Deputies or the House of Commons. Not an old woman or a child that now complains of a pain in the stomach, but is set down as having cholera. The guard who watches at the bar rier of the Louvre cannot defend the king against that enemy, now as heretofore. There are people who liavo cholera on the brain, and dream the green ghost is pulling them by the feet, ns in the spectre sceno of tho "Dame Clanche." Though the journals now swarm with advertisements of infallible panaceas, elixirs, and belts against cholera, the best preventive is prudont indifference, and the avoidance of all excess and of fatigue. Formerly Parisians chased away tho cholera by a carnival procession, where the enemy was symbolised as a humbug in a cotton night-cap. Ridicule always kills. At Toulon tho doctors as usual dilfer as to whether the plague be Asiatic (imported) or Sporadic (local) in its origin. The attempt to trace the epidemic, as at first at tempted, to tho English occupation of Egypt was natural, but failed. Tho return of Tonkin troop-ships with sick soldiers, and the absence of all sanitary arrangements at Toulon, are sufficient to explain the matter. The provin cial cities of France, and, with three exceptions, all the favorite sea-side resorts, are firesides of pestilence. One monarchial paper attributes the cholera to the existing form of government; another sees in the plague the finger of Provi dence, on account of the legislators voting the divorce bill, mid tho army reform which com pels theological students to becomo recruits. Tho French doctors need not now go to Egypt to study tho microbes and comma bacolli from the political point of view. European governments, in barring out ships from Toulon, Marseilles, etc., are not a little hoisting France with her own petards of 1SS3. Respecting the Conference, wo begin to see as through a glass, darkly. Neither M. Ferry nor Mr. Gladstone have emptied their wallets. Something is kept back ; were such excellent, rest assured both statesmen would be only too glad to make it known. A good deal of tho out-cry hero against tho "concessions to Eng land," is mere clap-trap, organised by tho Egyptian bond-holders, who pull tho strings. The crying, like mud-throwing, proceeds on tho principle that aoino of it may stick. France concedes to England, tho condominium which the great powers ratified to bo as dead as the Cid, long ago. She promises not to invado Egypt when England retires ; political promises and pie crusts are as fragile as dicers'and lovers' oaths, and a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. France expelled herself from Egypt, and ought to bear tho consequence of her backing out of her engagement. Sho staked on Arabi, and lost. Her assurance not to re- enter ought then to bo taken cum <irano talis. Peopld who withdraw from 0110 engagement do not create confidence as to observing others. As to Franco representing Europe at the con ference, that is only intended for the gallery, the groundlings. She represents her creditors) as does England and Austria tlleirfc. But M. Ferry has reiterated he has given no consent to any reduction of interest on the unified debt, what then has he •' conceded ?" It is no secret that France will present at the con ference a counter-budget to Mr. Gladstone's, frith a cut and dry solution of tho financial question without diminishing the interest. France also proposes that none of tho great powers do loan the requisite millions, and sho has the scheme for a private loan, backed up by solvent bankers, on condition that Franco, not Euglard, will have tho presidency and the cast ing vote of the new dual control, under the name of Multiple Board. Mr. Gladstone can be thus completely and fairly eclipsed. All mine-springing is allowed. France reaps one important advantage in ex change for her "nothings;" sho has England pinned down to the principle of scuttling out of Egypt, at a date fixed ; if not she will keep atfairs in the valley of tho Nile in perpetual hot water, till England, thinking moro of hor own rights and less of French susceptibilities, retaliates in China, Morocco, Madagascar or Australia. Civilized nations cannot long live in such a Btate. Tho internationalization of Egypt and of the canal, causes M. do Lessepa to bo ready to sacrifice to the Gods. Ho would at once sing his nunc liimiltis, only ho is pledged to open the Panama Canal in 18SS, with his children, and that ho may be spared to do so, no one— not even the Suez chauvinistic shareholders—but will wish. But of all the " poetical" plans for handing over tho vital interests of England in the cast to her enemies and rivals, that is tho foremost. M. Guizot, under Louis Philippe, humbugged England on the question of the Spanish marriages, in 1SG6, the year preceding tho universal exhibition, Napoleon III. con cocted at Vichy, a scheme with Bismarck, by which France was to seize " internationalized Belgium," and the draft treaty, prepared by the French Minister Beucdetti, was published by Bismarck in 1S70, on theout-break of the war. On Sth August 1S70, Mr. Gladstone himself an nounced in the House of Commons, that Prussia and France would respect the neutrality of Belgium, so long as neither of the two violated it. It is a poor compliment to Belgium to com pare her with Egypt, but if Russia and France put their heads together in a war against Eng land, the neutrality of Egypt, and of the canal, would count for little. England has unique in terests in the canal, and whoever dominates at Cairo, dominates that canal. To Belgianize Egypt, is to place English vital interests at the mercy of intrigues and cabals, and in the long run, lot there be 110 doubt, France would be predominant at the International Board. If England bo not capable single-handed to reform Egypt, let her retire ; if she can right matters, and repair the faults and blunders she has com mitted, let her do it in her own time, and in her own way. France will never go to war with England about Egypt, and she will avoid all that would pushthe English nation into an alliance with Germany. The Senate proceeds at a Fabian pace with the recidivistes bill; that solution is bound up with the secret understanding between France and England on the conference programme and its results. Opinion in the country is commencing to at last seize tho enormity of the crime of in undating the neighborhood of Australia with somo 60,000 of the irreclaimable and in corrigible convict scum of France. It is dawn ing too oa tho mind of the nation, that tho sullen, Coventry hostility of Australia is a .natter to lie reckoned with, and if deserted by England, Australia gave herself as a " lone star" to the United States, or claimed to be under a German protectorate, the position of Prance would not bo a whit improved If Australians do not rest on their innings, France must follow iu tho wake of other European Gorernnients reclaim or keep at home, the crime she piauufacturea at home. The ultimate gravitation of Holland into the German unity is a foregone conclusion. Prussian influence V.'ill bo henaefoith doiilinant at the Halite. Bismarck will never propose that Holland be internationalized. The Luxem bourg is certain to follow ; it too is a no man's ground—till wanted by the strongest man. In the spring of 1S65, the satirical journals of Brussels represented the Prince Napoleon after receiving the birching usually administered to children ; Napoleon III. was there, shaking the birch at his cousin, in case he indulged in further Ajaccio escapades. 1'rince Jerome has in turn now birched his son Victor for protending, before papa-preteiuler wished, llis son Friiuie Victor, is a poor specimen of the Napoleonic iilec, whatever that may exactly be, seeing that it was everything by turns. Prince Victor is a political tivltiUeux. Tho Republic has noth ing to fear from such antagonists, let it keep clear of debt, not run a—muck against the Celestial empire, nor be too eager to replace John Bull in Egypt, and the venerable lady if she do not reign as long as the Copetian dynasty, will exist to inaugurate the oonteunial ex hibition in honor of the principles of l?Sfl. Another mince-meat murder, recalling Billoir, and surpassing Prevast. In the early days of May last, the trunk of a naked man was fished up at the Passy side of the Seine. Later, the legs of a man were found in the river, near the .quai Hcun IV. Tho victim was the result of a crime, and chopped up to be more readily dis posed of. Be kind to wandering dogs, gentle reader. A pet poodle named " Mirza" had been observed coming to the riverside, whining and barking on several occasions. The police ultimately placed it in the usual depot for wandering dogs, requesting particularly that it might be identified. In due course it was. It belonged to one Lebon, an egg and butter mer chant. Ho had been missing for weeks; was last seen in company with a waiter, who had rather a feminine turn of character, and dressed oc- 1 casionally as a woman. This waiter had changed his lodgings, and been industriously carrying about trunks, had been at Lebon's rooms, whose money and scrip had been stolen. Tho police " want" that waiter to explain, what he did with Lebon after enticing him to his lodgings. M. Dupuis is a husband in partihu, and to bo pitied. In 1S77, he was then 37 years of ago, ho fell in love with the " niece" of a M. Thirmau ; tho latter lent him 10,000 franca to set up in business, and gave a brilliant wedding feast. When tho bridegroom thought it was timo to retire to tho nuptial ohamber, ho was astonished to find his road barred in tho corridor by tho uncle, who called him a scoun drel, and a knave to bo ignorant as to who his niece actually was. A fight ensued, and the bridegroom was collared by tho servants, passed the night in the cell, and noxt day was fined; and sent to prison for a week. Ordered from tho house, he sought refuge in the provinces ; formed a liaison with a village-girl, by whom ho had a child. They both lately came to Paris, when the nieco wife had thom arrested for adul tery. They were only fined 10 fr. It is difficult for well-disposed people to have their way in this vale of tears. Claude-Bernard as a vivisectiouist, put Broca, Paul Bert, and Pasteur into the shade. The number of cats and dogs ho dissected alive for his uerve experi ments is legion. Ho died a few years ago. To make atonement for her husband's cruelties, Madame Bernard took a house at Colombcs, in the suburbs, and fitted up a wing as a kind of alms house for refugelvss cats and doga. The neighbors petitioned to have the asylum sup pressed, as it was a centre of infection. She refused to recognise the Mayor's decree, and the courts have ordered the establishment to bo broken up; tho inmates to bo lodged in the knacker's yard, and if within three diya they are not claimed, they will be converted into raw matorial for glovea, and charcoal to refine sugar. The French government are about fitting up an important commercial museum; not only will the natural products of distant countries be thero represented, but specimens of tho im ported manufactured goods whisli have the largest sales in the locality will be exhibited. French manufactures can thus study the secrets of how the intelligent foreigner cuts theni out. All this will be of little avail, if fabricants are not prepared to accept smaller profits, and work men lower wages. M. do Lesseps has just related that the man ner he obtained the lasting friendship of Prince Said was this: The prince, by close study, had become very stout; do Lesseps urged him to take riding lessons. He did so, and in some months the prince had been galloped down to the thinness of a whipping- post. There are several plans for dealing with the boys when home for vacation. Philanthropists propose handing them over to Cook for a per sonally conducted tour till the eve of re-opening of the classes. A newer way to occupy them is to give them a supply of " game squibs ;" these, let off at the mouth of a rabbit hole, will be as efficacious as a ferret. In tho caso of foxes, rockets are employed similarly. In the hospital of tho St. Jean-de-Dieu Mon astery, there is a " baby, ten years old," and weighing IS lbs. It is the son of an agricultural laborer ; the mother died when the infant was a few months old, and the father reared the baby by chaining it every morning when he went to work to the bed, feeding the poor creature on his return. A proposal is oil foot to raise a memorial monument to carrier pigeons—a now sacred bird—for their services during the siege. 