(Drujimil Sale. THE MYSTERY OF FERNBROOK. + By Atha. (Autlior of "Living or Doncl," " Other People's Money," "Brandon Wcstlttke," "Maoris aiul Pakchns," ' Australian Elves," Ac., Ac., Ac.) BOOK I.— Chapter VI. HE ball, which followed close upon the heels of the dramatic entertainment, was at its height. From the half circular gallery above the gay throng, it seemed that the play had just began, lhoso who had taken part in the mimic scenes heretofore were merged into the picture, and added tone and color to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balustraded stairway, chimed an hour after midnight, as Colonel De llonl passed on ward with measured tread to the suite of rooms beyond assigned to his use. He had not changed one jot of his costume of Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. He entered his room, took a wet sponge, and carefully removed all traces of the dark lines which had been streaked upon his face by the costumers, who had given to it the hard, stern respect of the greedy, money- grubbing hero of Messenger's drama. This accom plished to his satisfaction, the Colonel stood before the huge mirror and complacently stroked his large mous tache reflectively for some considerable time. At the further end of the apartment there was an old weather- beaten trunk standing in a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers colors still adhered to it, proving that it had been a great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel de Roal's cogi tations, they evidently had some connecting link with the valise, for, his thinking fit ended, he produced a key, unlocked the receptacle, and took therefrom some docu ments, together with part of an old newspaper. Those he th rusted into his doublet. As he was about to close the trunk, a second thought seemed to occur to him, for lie plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous contents and drew forth a small revolver. ' Gaston de lloal. you have existed in this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human nature has not been improved by time mon ami. Trust no one, is a good maxim. The greatest military genius of any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Ctesar. Humph ! rest there my friend till wanted,' he continued in a muttered tone. 'When one has to play with a skilled gamester, it is a well to have more than one trump card to hand.' With the same measured, soldierly tread, which ap peared part and parcel of the man, he went out along the corridor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many who had taken possession of the grand staircase to kiss and flirt, and ascending a small flight of stairs branching therefrom, entered a chamber situated almost at the apex end of the building. The apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking-room used by William Fern- brook, and on that account was held strictly private from all intrusion by that gentleman's guests. Never theless the Colonel marched in without ceremony. Hilton Fernbrook was seated conning a rough chart spread out on a table before him, while Timothy Sharpe, his man, introduced in the second chapter of this history as the Ferret, stood by, ready equipped, as if for a long journey. The latter personage was evidently disturbed at the sight of the intruder, but Fernbrook rose quietly and bade his visitor welcome. ' We will defer your departure, Sharpe, until the morning,' he said, folding up the map, and placing it in an iron box, which be locked. ' Now go.' ' Fray don't lot me disturb, my dear Fernbrook,' began the Colonel. ' Be seated, sir. The business is of little importance,' rejoined Hilton, drawing an easy chair towards the fire. ' Good night, Sharpe, Close the door.' The Ferret bowed and retired, but not through the door by which de Roal had entered. He drew aside a thick curtain which divided the room from a deep recess, filled with useless guns, fishing tackle, &c;,, and made his exit through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and his visitor sat in silence for several minutes after the departure of the Ferret. ' My son, I feel inquisitive to-night,' said the Colonel in his blandest tone alter a long pause. ' I'm afraid I have annoyed you by coming here unexpectedly,' ' Not at all. Colonel de Roal is quite at liberty to go where he pleases here at Fernbrook. But what are your desires V ' What is behind that screen ?' ' Nothing but old lumber, accumulated, the lord knows when or how.' ' And the doorway there in the recess ?' ' Leads to a passage opening to the stables below, that's all.' ' Humph I This is but a poor, unattractive apart ment, ma cher, with so many at your command, and very much superior in the way of embellishments.' Hilton Fernbrook turned, and looked full in the face of his companion. ' This room suits me,' he responded slowly. ' Here I am secure from intruders. Come, Sir,' he added more quickly, ' you have not sought me out in my den to ask silly questions at 2 o'clock in the morn ing.' 4 No my son, certainly not. Bye-the-by, are you certain' that we are free from intrusion ?' 4 As free as if we were out yonder on the ocean.' 4 Good 1 cried the Colonel in his usual smooth voice. After all I have not come to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of murders done at midnight. Neither have" I any secrets of Church or State to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my sole errand is to show you a paragraph in an old newspaper which may possibly in terest you.' ' Thank you. What newspaper is it ?' 4 The Sydney Times , bearing date 13th March, 1881,' replied the Colonel. 4 Twelve months ago.' 4 Exactly.' 4 The news is certainly stale.' But perhaps none the less interesting for all that. Some kind of information, like old wine, is all the better for being old. Shall I read the paragraph V 4 Do so.' De ltoal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing his gold eye- glass with due care and nicety, he pulled forth the paper from his doublet and began to read. Hilton Fernbrook looked at his companion with a 6mile, but it was the cold, habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes like an overhanging thunder cloud. 4 From our Hobart Town files of January, we record the following,' began Colonel de Roal, in his calm, bell like voice : — 4 The Watersprete, which left Norfolk Island on the 7th inst., brings news of a desperate and partly successful attempt at escape by a party of con victs, at work on Westport Head, Brentford labor prison. The spot above referred to, is a wild headland on the seawall, eighteen miles from Brentford, where a strong, but rude, barrack for the prisoners had been erected, and gangs forwarded from the township for the purpose of road-making. On Wednesday morning, No. 3 gang, numbering twelve men, including a clever swindler, named Victor Mauprat, a supposed french man, were road-making about a mile from the point. Suddenly, and without the slightest warning, the prisoners set upon the guards and disarmed them. In the short scuffle that ensued, Warder Brooks attempted to use his revolver, but was instantly killed by a bullet from his own weapon. The report of firearms gave the alarm to the detach ment stationed at the Head, who went in pursuit of the escapes and managed to capture seven of them. Victor Mauprat and four others are still at large, but it is confidently believed that the ruffians will all be taken in a few hours and punished as they deserve.' The reader paused', and looking at his companion, said, 4 My son, what do you think of it ?' Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. 4 Think of what ? Colonel. What interest can I have in the doings of such unhappy wretches ?' 4 Merely for study, dear boy. I know you are fond of describing the motive power which move the criminal class: Hear this — 4 It is known that Victor Mauprat, one of five who are at large, planned and carried out the nroiect of escape. Rumour has it that this man is well educated, and once occupied a good position in society in the old country. He received fifteen years penal ser vitude for killing a British officer in some gambling brawl at Nice, and was sent out here about eighteen months ago to fulfil his term. It is also believed that one of the four with him was formerly Mauprat's man or valet, and who, under the nom de plume of the Ferret, was known to the Continental police as the most bril liant card- sharper of the day. Description of the escapees : — Mauprat, age about 27 ; tall and gentle- mantly ; carriage, military ; complexion, very dark, but clear ; head, long ; hair, black and curly ; forehead high, black piercing eyes, well cut nose and mouth ; frame, strongly built ; hands and feet small. Mauprat has a bird somewhat resembling an eagle tatooed upon his breast.' 4 Does this picture remind you of any one you arc acquainted with, my dear Fernbrook ?' asks the Colonel, taking his glass from his eye. 4 Why should it, Colonel de Roal?' 4 Oblige me by looking in yonder mirror while I re read this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat,' says the Colonel Blandly. 4 Pshaw 1 My dear sir,' cried the young man, with a sharp laugh, 4 your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse your self at my expense if it so pleases you, but pray select a more fitting model for my likeness.' The Colonel fixed his glass, and looked at him with a cold stare of surprise, which has in it a subtle touch of satanic humour. 4 Don't bo offended, boy. You are not in a jesting vein to-night,' he says, at the same time smoothing out the newspaper on the table. 4 If the points in the photograph of our friend Mauprat does not interest you, I will pass on to those of the Ferret.' It reads — 4 Joseph Hawke, alias the Ferret, with a hundred other aliases too numerous to mention : Height, live feet five inches and a quarter ; fresh complexion ; sandy hair ; small grey eyes ; prominent nose, inclining towards his left cheek ; long scar on upper lip ; frame, thin and wiry ; walks with a slight limp.' 4 Now, my son, if I belonged to the police force, I should certainly be of opinion that this description of the Ferret is most singularly like the personage who just now loft this apartment, but, knowing as 1 do, my dear Fernbrook, that any connection whatever between a felon and your respectable man-servant, no matter how startling the descriptive likeness may be, is an utter absurdity. I therefore crave your pardon.' Hilton Fernbrook laughs out that strange laugh again as he rises to light a fresh cigar. He is fond of smoking. It helps him to think while the Colonel talks and reads, and goes on with his seemingly sense less farce of similitudes. De Roal watches him as he whiffs the fragrant weed into small clouds of blue vapor — watches him with a smile on that smooth unfathomable face of his, whereon there is a look bordering on admiration. 4 You have been very dull ma chu, in spite of the riot going on about you,' quoth the Colonel presently. 4 1 saw you were, and I prepared the mystery of Mauprat and the Ferret to rouse you up a bit. My poor plot has failed. My labour has been in vain. You are not interested one jot.' 4 Nay, you wrong me Colonel. I am filled with gratitude at your kindness to amuse me,' responded the other quietly. 4 1 confess the discription of your convict, what's his name, Neport, bears a strange resemblance to my poor self, only the picture drawn is somewhat flat- tering. Were the rascals captured, Calonel de Roal ?' 4 Captured ? No. Men like this Victor Mauprat are not defeated on the lines laid down in the cases of ordinary criminals.' 4 Flattering again.' 4 Nay, my son. What chemical attraction can there possibly be between a vile prison breaker and the rich, well-born heir of Fernbrook ? The mere supposition has the stamp of insanity upon it. Fie ! Now here is part of another copy of the same journal, of later date, wherein we have the denoument of the drama 1 I picked up this on board the steamer Medway, on my voyage from Sydney to New Zealand, and preserved it because it contained an account of a terrible catas trophe at sea, 4 The burning of a ship, and the loss of all the crew.' ' I am dull at riddles, my dear Colonel.' 4 This is not a riddle' : — 4 Mauprat, the convict, and his companions perished by fire on board the Sea Gull, schooner, burnt at sea on the 10th December, eight months after their escape from Norfolk Island.' 4 Then Victor Mauprat is dead ?' cried Hilton Fernbrook, rising from his seat, and confronting the Colonel. 4 Aye dead !' echoed the other, rising also, and setting himself face to face with his companion. 4 Will you read how this clever rascal evaded his pursuers, how he reached New South Wales, obtained money, and by an able scheme chartered the Bhip, which he destroyed at sea, so that every vestige of his crimes might remain for ever locked in the dark womb of oblivion. Will you read?' 4 No !' cried the other with solemn voice. 4 Enough that retribution has fallen. Out of the subtle working of my mind the dead shadow has departed. From henceforth Victor Mauprat is dead. Dead, Colonel de Roal, do you hear ? The affinity between us twain is rent asunder. And now, the dread, and likeness, aye 1 the very double of Hilton Fernbrook being fled — will — mighty, potent, stern, unflinching will, shall assert itself 1' As he spoke there came into his handsome face a look which made it almost hideous. From red to white and from white to a dull ashy paleness, and to a yet deeper tinge, rarely seen on the human countenance, the changes went and came in rapid succession over the Colonel's vis-a-vis. No famishing jungle tiger ever had eyes more fiercer and glaring than this man had. The deadly Cobra, reared on end to strike its victim, was not more deadly in its attraction, was not more certain in its power of fascination. And there they stood, those two men, master and pupil, both strong in the gift of mesmeric influence and in the power of will. The Colonel noted the change in his companion and smiled. He felt the fearless eyes fix themselves as it were upon his own, in a wordless, bloodless duel of strength be tween them. Heretofore the pupil had been docile and obedient, now it was a test for the mastery. Face to face, within a pace ot each other they stand, their eyes fixed and steadfast, but sparkling, and glinting rays like fire. For a time it seems as if the elder man is going to win. He is confident, smiling, while his opponent is frowning and savage almost to ferocity. In less time than it takes to pen these lines, the smile has faded from Colonel de Roal's face. He begins to feel a stronger power than his own gathering slowly but surely round his inclinations, his resolves, like a band of steel. As a mesmerist, he has been all powerful, unconquer able. He feels he is being subdued now, in spite of his knowledge — spite of all he can do. With teeth shut hard, and breath quickened, like some spent swimmer — a thought comes to him. He moves his hand in search of the revolver hid away in his doublet. Without the faintest shadow of turning from that terrible fixed look set straight into the expanded orbs of his adversary, Hilton Fernbrook notes the movement and guesses its purport. Ere the Colonel can raise his hand, the other, swift as thought, seizes it, and thrusts something into the palm. If a sudden sword thrust had entered the veterans body the shock could not have produced a more striking alteration in his whole manner. He reeled backward, and the perspiration began to gather on his face with agony. Struggle as gamely as he may, he cannot reach the pistol. There is murder in his desires, and at his heart, but the will to act is going from him. He fools it going, swallowed up by the tenable creature before him, whose dreadful eye holds his every faculty in bondage. A few moments more, and the strong willed mes merist is beaten at his own weapons. With pallid face, closed eyes, and nerveless hands clenched, Colonel De Roal falls to the floor a senseless inert mass. Hilton Fernbrook draws a long breath, which is half a groan in its intensity. For a moment he stands over his fallen antagonist, then raises him and places him in a . chair, unlaces the doublet to give air, and wipes the poor white face with his handkerchief. 44 The cub has grown stronger than the old lion," he muttered, pouring out a large goblet of strong wine, which he emptied at a draught. 44 This mystery of Victor Mauprat, the convict, was but a shallow pretext to work his will upon me. Fool. Am I not his pupil ? Yet, my master no longer. Could he not have reasoned better than to hold me so weak. I, whom he has schooled into a semblance of himself. Humph ! what papers are those, Colonel mon ami ? Two letters, and a pho tograph ! Why, how is this ? These missives are written by one who signs himself Hilton Fernbrook. I never wrote these epistles, and am not I Hilton Fern- brook. This portrait is the semblance, nay, a laithml copy of my very self, even to the most minute particular, but, who sat for it ? Not I. I do hereby most solemnly swear 1 44 How now, old mate," he cried, turning to the still form before him. 44 Whose letters and picture are these ? Speak, if thou can'st." There was a slight quivering of the Colonel's body, but that was all the answer given. 44 Pen de Roal, I command thee tell me whose picture is this I hold in my hand ?" cried the speaker again, at the same time making several rapid passes across the sleeper's face. 44 Look at the back of the photograph. It is written there," murmured the other in a low tone, Hilton Fernbrook held the card towards the light. 44 Victor Mauprat 1" he cried. 44 Victor Mauprat ! echoed the sleeper, faintly. 44 He is dead, Pere ." " Aye, dead, again, murmured the pallid lips. 44Mau. What is all this mystery?" cried the other in a tone of pent up agony. 44 Mystery ? The Mystery of Fernbrook. Question me no more. I am powerless to answer thee." By the grey dawn, the young Master of Fernbrook made his way through the files of gay dancers, to a building adjoining the stables, where his man, Sliarpe, sat, studying Grant's 44 Maori made easy." 44 Up and saddle the Care1 il." he said, in a husky tone. 44 You must reach ukehini to-night. There you will find Hoti Teuarti, and young Rewi, the Maori chieftains. Give them those papers and bring me their answer. Quick, away." 44 What if I am beset on the road ?" asked Sharpe, looking steadily at his master. 44 Idiot, you have a revolver. Now begone." To be Continued. 