FACTS AND FRAGMENTS. " It's so quiet in the country," said Jones, 44 that I've often lain awake ' at night and listened to the bed- ticking." 44 1 HAVE allwuss had more trnbble in gitting by the puppy that stood at the ritch man's door than ever I had in managing the mastiff inside." — Josh Billings. A little girl was trying to tell her mother how beautifully a certain lady could trill in singing, and said : " Oh, mamma, yotuought to hear her gargle ! She does it so sweetly." "La, nie!" exclaimed an old lady who had been reading the hotel arrivals in a daily paper ; " how many people there bo who come from ' Do. !' 44 How did you like the doctor's sermon f said one to his companion, as they were walking home from church. " First rate ; I always liked that sermon." A little girl, spending the summer in the country, wrote to her father: "Please bring me a new tooth-brush. Mine is moulting." Lillie Devereux Blake says " a bache lor is a man who has lost the opportunity of making some woman miserable." Just so, Lillie. It is impossible for a fellow 1o marry without making a'l the other girls who happen to be in love with him miserable. "Oil, yes, John Henry; v/i iting funny paragraphs is as easy as falling down stabs. All you have to do is to sit down and think out your funny things and write them down. You can write them just as fast as you can think them out." Admiring cousin : "What are you going to do, Tom, now you're through college ?" lom (who wishes to be considered cynical) : " Oh ! I shall stand aside and let the world roll on." Admiring cousin (charmed): "Why, that's very kind of you, Tom." Teacher : " Suppose you have two sticks of candy and your big brother givis you two more, how many would you have then?' Little boy (shaking his head) — "You don't know him; he ain't that kind of a boy." Little Nell : " My nurse says that in French words the s is often spoken silent. I wonder why that is." Little Jack : " Oh, everybody knows that." Little Nell: "Well, I don't" Little Jack: "It is be cause s stands for silent." Some time ago, an old woman who had received a cheque, went, with great glee, to a bank to draw the money. " This cheque is crossed ; we can't pay it over the counter, my good woman." " All right, sir ; I'll come round then," was the reply. "What," asks a writer, " do half a dozen young ladies talk about when they get together, after having not seen each other for a day or two ?" Why, they talk about three hours in one innings. Also about dresses and the young men, and — and that's about all, Upon a memorable dark day, 19th March, 1799, a lady wrote to the celebrated Dr. Byles, in Boston, as follows: — "Dear Doctor, how do you account for this dark ness ?" To which he replied, as wittily as briefly: — "Dear Madam, lam as much in the dark as you are." Mrs. Hunter (glancing along the row of clerks behind the shop counter) ; "J do not think I see the gentleman here who waited upon me yesterday." Enfant Terrible : 41 Why, mamma, you are talking to the very one. Don't you remember you said you'd know him anywhere by those years ?" Young Wife— 44 Why do you invite that odious Mr. Goode to the house, John ? " John— 44 Odious? Why, he is noted for his benevolence and nobility of soul. Besides being very tender-hearted, he has charm ingly unaffected manners." " Well, I think he is horrid ; he is a perfect brute." 44 You certainly used to admire him. What has he done ?" 44 Why last evening I showed him our precious little darling, and he said all babies looked alike to him." Young wife: "My dear, you were the stroke oar at college, weren't you ?" Youug husband: "Yes, love." 44 And a very pro minent member of the gymnastic cla&s; " 44 1 was the leader." " And quite a hand at all athletic contests?" " 4 Quite a hand.' My, gracious ! I was the champion walker, the best runner, the head man at lifting heavy weights, and as for carrying, why I could shoulder a barrel of flour, and 4 Well, love, just please carry the baby a couple of hours ; I'm tired." Not long ago a practical jokist conceived the idea of frightening passers through a country churchyard by dressing himself up as a gbost. One night about half -past 11, a burly old farmer was coming along, when out jumped the apparition. 44 Well, who are you. ?" asked the agriculturist. The ghost wailed forth some sentence ending -vith "ghost." "Now, look here, "said the farmer as-he began to drop across him with a stick, " you clear off : it's time all you confounded ghosts were in Led." The ghost w ent. Hereafter. — Two sons of the Emerald Isle were standing the other evening on Adams street, New York. One was evi dently a fresh arrival. They were watching the lightning bugs. 44 What's thim little divils, Dennis?" " Thim's lightnin'-bugs." " Ph wat's that ?" " Thim's the sowls of all the Englishmen that ever doyed. When Owld Nick gets a howlt of thim, he toies a bit of domsmoite tir their tails and sends them oyer to Ameriky to see how happy us Ornish is oyer here." 44 Faix, his majesty is a moighty just man. He knows just how to trate them. He must have been born in the owld sod himself." Young Lawyer (much elated) : 44 Mr Coke, congratulate me ! You know I told you I had a case? Well, sir, I've won it. Yes, sir, actually won my first oase !" Coke (an old lawyer) ; " You're excusable under the circumstances ; but with a little ex perience you may yet do honour to your profession." Young Lawyer Excusable under the circumstances ! I don't under stand your meaning, Mr. Coke." Coke : " Don't understand ? Listen. If you had been a lawyer of experience you would hare lost that case ; then you would advise your' olient to appeal, and if skilfully mapagf!, it might have been made to last for years, or at least so long as he had any money. But you have won, and that's the pna el it. Let it be a lesson to you in future." 