mr. r. €. luscombe in danger. < In the Temperance Hall on Monday night Mr. Hey don, M.P. for Yass Plains, riccnpied a conple of honrs in trying to prove that " protection is the inevitable policy of the future';" and he snooeeded so entirely to bis own satisfaction that he assumed the role of a prophet, and predioted that before five years pass we shall hare a protectionist tariff in New South Wales.- And then he resumed his seat while the hall rkng with the oheers of biB con vinced and enthusiastic auditors. At the weekly session of the Democratic Alliance, held last night " under the open canopy of " the heavens," Mr, O'Sullivan, the present " boss" of the- Alliance, and the inevitable politician of the future,' also assnmed the role of the prophet, and predioted not only that New South' Wales would .be blessed with a protectionist tariff in- five years' time, bat that Mr. Heydon would - fill Borne very dis tinguished position in the colony. It would seem, therefore, , that Mr. Heydon is the coming protectionist Premier. He is, if Mr O'Sullivan be an authority, the leader of the protectionist movement ; and the leader of the movement which is to . displace the existing fiscal polioy of the country will surely be " sent for" by the opoupant of Government House five years henoe, to establish the rival polioy. And there need be — on the part of the Demooratio Alliance at least — no misgiving as to the re markable ability whioh the Premier of 1889 will exhibit. According to Mr, O'Sullivan, Mr. Louis Heydon's solid logic is much to be preferred to Mr. Graham Berry's frothy rhetorio. The lucid and massive argumentation of Mr, Heydon will shortly become a torrent before. which the weak reasoning of such men as Stuart, Dibbs, Reid, and Sir John Robertson will be swept away. An emancipated people will elect a new Parliament to found a new polioy, as the 'most fitting inauguration of the second cen- jLuryof tbecolonyls history. __ 'Poor R. C. Luscombe, that most mdefatig- able- writer of half-intelligible letters to the Sydney papers, is not "in it." No portfolio -is predicted- for- him inAre yera'A timer He may" then, 'as now,' have' a' little' leagueof his own, but a Beat..on the, Treasury Jienchesof the Protection Parliament of| lSSSJjj will npt "be reserved for hiztr. "FftmHbe dufiTec&SBes; of the strangers' gallery he will look down, withdnarticnlate bitterness of soul, upon the bloated pride of Messrs. Heydon and O'Sullivan. - Then,- "las now, he will be pitilessly ignored by-the political financiers, who know they have got the heart of this great country with them. Could anything be more cruel ' to' a man who was perspiring in the cause of protection when Mr. Heydon was at school and Mr." O'Suljivan contriving some wayof Jescape from. that. paradise of protec tionists, "Victoria, than the refusal of the protectionists and democrats to support Mr. R. C. Luscombe againBt the -Hon; G. H. - Reid in East Sydney 7 The situation is really pathetic. Here, on the one hand, is an exhausted revenue, and on the other hand a reckless Tree-trader tampering with the tariff. . And -while the' Hsoal polioy s>f the oonntry is trembling in the balance, Mr. R. C. Luscombe, though attenuated with unap preciated- and unrequited toil in the sacred cause of protection, throws himself patrioti cally into the breach, and implores the electors of Eaet Sydney to send him into the Assembly that he may save the colony from everlasting ruin. His little league Btande by - him nobly, and so do. the cabinet-makers, bat where are 'the signs that the protectionist public will generally rally to his standard on the polling day 7 Mr, Heydon, who declared in his propbetio peroration on Monday night that " before the taxation debate was over " Sydney would be protectionist at heart," also declared in hie cold-blooded exordinm that bis lecture "had no connection " whatever with tbe.pending election in_Eaat . " Sydney." Mr. O'Sullivan did not propose last night that the Democratic "Alliance resolve itself into a gigantic and irresistible committee to crown Mr. R. 0. LuBcombs's lifetime of labour with the Parliamentary honour towards which his eyes have been so long and so modestly uplifted. No collection waB taken up to defray the venerable agita tor's prospective expenBeB. Instead of that, a deputation from the Demooratio Alliance waited upon the little league last -night, to ask that Mr. R. C. Lqscombe's Candidature be abandoned. It is all very well for the protectionists of Sydney to nume their strength for the dramatic display of 1S89 ; bat surely the tiny lift -necessary to save Mr. R. C. Luscombe's "candidature from ignoble failure- might have been Bpared without im perilling the. magnificent trinmph 1 Under these, distressing circumstances we oommend Mr . R. Ci Euscombe's situation to" the generouE-hearted electors of East Sydney. We believe his £40 cheque to be in imminent danger. Of course he could decline to be nominated, and biB little league could deoline to lodge the cheque ; bnt when did Mr. R. C. Luscombe show the white feather 7 He is hedged. in by honour as if he were a king. He will go through the election, though he should have to give up the ghost on the hustings; There is the bull-dog tenacity of a Briton in his political purposes. There was something heroic in the rehlv nf the little league to the deputation from the De mocratic Alliance. Thus it rnnB : " As the " league's principles are now a clear subject " for public consideration, it is desirable that " Mr. Lnscombe's candidature be persevered " with." All this is very admirable, bnt, considering the danger which hovers over the £40, all this is very pitiful. Therefore, we trust to see a committee of the big- souled free-traders of East Sydney formed to save the £40 to Mr. R. 0. Luscombe and his little league. 