Sports and Pastimes. By "Vebax." We shall soon have Separation Bay here, and then a little excitement will be in store for our local sportsmen at Eagle Farm. The accept ances for Tattersall's Race Meeting ore decidedly good and flattering to the handi capper, as most of the top weights have cried "content." The Separation Handicap will be one of tho events of the day, and in this Elsi nore heads the list with 9 st. 11 lbs. He could not have had less given him, and Mr. Jostis evidently satisfied with the adjustment of tho handicap. Preston, Fairy Queen, Malvern, Pilot, "* and Quomboneson, have de clined. Medusa has got 9 st. 3 lbs. She is a fine chestnut mare, and should carry Mr, Finnic* s colours to tho front in one of her events. She certainly did not do much at the lost meeting here as she was unplaced in both the Totalise tor States and the Prince of "Wales's Cup. Hor last three wins have been at Charters Towers, where she won tho Milchestor Handicap, l£ mile, carrying 8 st. 9 lbs., and beating Wheel of Fortune, 8 st. 9 lbs., and Ellington, 8 st. 5 lbs., and on the second day at the same meeting jjhe won the Jockoy Clnb Handicap with 8 st. 7 lbs., and tho Members' Cup, with 10 st. 12 lbs. She canstay a mile and a half well, but I , should say 1} would be all the more to her liking from what I saw of her running. My Hove comes next, with 8 st. 13 lbs. She is a black mare, and also belongs to Mr. Finnic, go that ho must have a big look in for the race. MyLovcjrun second to Elsinorc in the Publicans' Purse, with 8 st. 7 lbs. She won tho Ladies' Bracelet at tho Q.T.C. Autumn meeting, with 12 st., but had hard work to beat Fairy Queen, 10 st. 7 lbs., Sportsman boing third, with-11 st. She also won the Ladies' Bracelet at Roma, and the Town Plate at the same meeting, beating Wheatmcat, to whom .she giving 12 lbs. Response, 8 st. 11 lbs., nmstiiavo a ahow; andretronel, 8 st. 3 lbs., is not out of it. 'The raco will bo a ticklish one to pick tho wiimer out of, but Jost and Finnic appear to liavo tho race botween them, and I fancy at the present time fho one that carries tho "metal" will win. TuttcrsuU's Cup, 1^ mile, has also a good acceptance, the only ones declining being Preston, Wheatmeat, Adumanteu, Hamlet, Fairy Queen, Leon, Ormond, and Quambonc m. Elsinore is again top weight with' 9 st. qiu "•» and First Flight Princess, and Giroflo with 81bi> %re tli0 tail; Medusa has S^st. 12 lbs.; 6 st., a. g ^ 8 lbs.; nod Petronel 8 st. My itty love, ,0 acquainted with tho horses readers are s toonumeruto their perform tuat ltisneodn. *-uoy forMyLovoandPctronol. unces. Ihavoaia wjq ^ a g00d race, and The Ladies Bracole. iRjjy f0nd of winning My Love seems cspec. "cried a go," and theso races. Inglosidcs hu. XViytion, and Sir so havo Lancor, Orphan Boy, ^ould bo t]loro Ashua. My Lovo orResponso. qdos ]ms tho or thereabout at tho hnish. Inglet. Ra0o but urushor of H st. 7 lbs. in the Hurdle. ''hough for all that I expect to seo him win it, ai. 'dim* no doubt there will ho some strong flei. ^ against him. With suoli a progroinmo as tin. issued by tho management it would ho a great shame if there was not a largo attendance. I 8 feel sure there will be, and am eagerly awaiting c tho time, so as to bo ablo to enroniolo a big c success. ' e Tho Wagga Gold Cup was a hugo sell, in 1 one sense oIS tho word, although it was a pretty good raco. It was a soli as regards tlio scratching of tho favourite, Hastings. I had serious thoughts of visiting "my unolo" and popping the proverbial " shirt" to put on hiin, and did verynearly go to that extent in hock ing him. He looked such a dead snip, and must have been a real downright moral if ho had run. Ho, was, however, from some cause at present known only to his owner and to those in .tlio Bw-im, scratched on tlie course. Tlio public had lumped their " pounds, shillings, and penco" on him, hut it was no go, and away went the. 11 siller" and tlio furious wrath of tho poor unfortunate hackers resounded once more throughout the land. I liavo heard that the settling over the Cauliield and Flemington was had and that backers did not turn up well. " Great Scott, give 'em rope, my dear Bookie," they have not an unlimited bank to go at like unto thine. I hear tho Hastings party went for Favo. If that is correct I rejoice greatly. Nay, I would almost go so for as to say I am content. I hope they planked it down heavily, and I yell with joy at the pot boiling over. Impulse, with G st., won file race, and heat Favo by three lengths, whilst Brown and Hose was third. By-the-hy I observe that my friend "Hotspur" went forPavo,-or Brown and Rose. Go it old man, you'll hit all three " era" many days are over. That able writer in the Melbourne Leader went for Impulse and Pavo, and again I say "go it." The following is a description of the race:—" After o couple of attempts the word was given to an excellent start, Blazes jumping away in front, followed by Tramp, Impulse, and Adamantea, Isonomy dwelling at the post.- When on their legs Blazes took the eommnnd, leading Tramp half a length, at the end of half a mile, followed by Impulse, Adamantea, Wollongong, Pavo, Brown and Bose, and Isonomy last. In the next couple of furlongs the leader got further away, and commencing the lost mile began to tire and was speedily overhauled by Tramp and Impulse. At six furlongs from home the three leaders were all on terms, with Pavo leading tho others. A furlong further on .Blazes was beaten, Tramp leading Impulse half a length. ' Three lengths away came Pavo, then Adamantea. In the bend Impulse headed Tramp, and, getting in'front rising tho liill, entered tho straight well in front of Tramp, Favo now camo very fast, hut could not catch the leader, who won by three lengths from Pavo, then Brown and Bose, Blazes, Tramp, Isonomy, Adamantea, Wollongong, and Bonnie Bee. Time, 3 mins. 32 sees." The weights forthe A.J.C. Summer Meeting, 'The Summer Cup," and Tattersall's "Summer Cup," are out, and there's a plaguy lot of horses to have to go through. I shall wait until I sse the acceptances before analysing tho lot, as half of those entered have not got a ghost of a chance. I may mention, however, that Preston is entered, and has 7 st. 10 lbs. in the ti mile race, and the same weight in the two mile. Adamantea has 6 st. 7 lbs. in the former race, and 3 lb3. Ies3 in the latter. Sportsman has G st. in each event. What a time of it Ben Bolt had at Eton reces. He won the Plying Handicap with 8 st. 7 lbs., tho Eton Handicap with 8 st. -1 lbs., and the Forced Handicap with S st. 7 lbs. A nice little day's amusement for the _ovner of Ben Bolt. - Why doesn't lie send him down hero to Bolt a few of onr big events ? A meeting of tho committee of the Towns • villo Turf Club has been held at Coyle's Hotel, there being present—Mr. W. Smith (in the chair), Air. Coyle, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Cruiek shank, Mr. Halloran, and Mr. Ryan. The consideration of the protest entered against Commotion (late Paddy), the winner of the two principal events at the Prince of Walos.'s Birthday Meeting of the Club was entered into. Evidence was given by Dr Frost and Mr. Oldham in support of the protest, and by Mr. Tobin, tho owner of Commotion, against it, and it was ultimately decided by tho committee to give Mr. Tobin two months to produce the breeding certificate and verify bis nominations. The committee then drew up a programme for a meeting to ho held 011 Boxing Day, £155 being voted as prizes in the following eventsPlying Handi cap, threo-qhortcr mile, £20; Welter Handi cap 1} mile, £25; Christmas Gift, 1 i mile, £50; Hurdle Race, lj miles, £30, Mr. Vincent giving £15 of the amount conditional upon there being three starters or no race: Ladies' Purso Handicaii, 1:) mile, £25, nominated by ladies; and Consolation Stakes, 1 mile, £20. "Augur" says:—" On looking over tho sales of blood stock of a couple of seasons ago, I noticed that at ■ Mr. Andrew Town's sale Potronel, who won tho Queensland Derby, was purchased by Mr. Jost for tho small sum of ■15 "uincus. Mr. Andrew Town, therefore, has the°honour of having bred two Derby winners this season, Bargo and retronel, mid tlio pair cost less than 200 guineas, while Newstcad, who won tlio Maribyrnong Piute, cost only 70 guineas, and Rufus. the winner of the Derby, was sold to Mr. Jacobs for 50 guineas. Lust year Iohmtho and Martini-Henry were among tho high priced ones that distinguished themselves, and noxt season probably wo shall seo Nordenfoldt, Manchester, and others for whom big prices bavo been given, carrying all before tliem." Jost must bo a good judge of youngsters at this rate. Wliy don't bo go ncross tho water and join Mat Dawson. "Augur" is a good name. I look upon it. with veneration, and think of that genial soul who wiolds such a flowing pen in tho Sporting Life in the old country, and writes under that nonideplume. In accordance with the amount of veneration I have for both "Augurs," I quote tlio colonial again. He says:—"It has been rumoured more tliau ouce that tlio cele brated English jookoy, Fred Archer, intended to visit Australia, but up to the present bo lias not put in an .appearance. Now, howovor, comes a dofinito statement by cablo to tlio efl'cct that bo will shortly visit the colonies, and pro bably Australia will bavo an opportunity of seeing tlio great English porformor in the ■vliUo. This year ho is in tiptop fettle, and a- 'ho end of tho season will no donbt bo again at u 'vt with upwards of 200 victories in the credit*. B/obshlv if ho should arrivo about saddle. . ,ua'y ijjivo a mount or two at tlio yiTc toituii^ J"eotinfe'' Ifc i8 fiaid ttat although he is full of animal spirits, and a wonderfully vigorous horseman, his health is not altogether satisfactory, and if he comes to Australia, it will be more for pleasure and health s sake tlian business. For years post lie has been earning over £10,000 a year, and I dare say Archer is now worth upwards of £100,000. Ho can therefore well afford a pleasure trip to the antipodes, and should he come I'm sure lie will receive a true Australian welcome." So ami, "Augur," more especially if he romps home on a Dutch Oven at 40s, or a Valour at 33a. | The great Hermit claims few more constant sons than Tristan, who has gained honours in the Newmarket Champion Stakes tliree years in succession. In^ 1882 he ran a dead heat | with Thebate and won right out in 1883, .while 1 now again we learn that he has for the second rime ran a dead heat with Lucerne. During his career Tristan has won for his owner the grand total of £22,910 in stakes, in addition to which must ho added £2,375 won in France. Kit Bcsperandumy and who would after this r The Mount Barker Courier (S.A.) is responsible for the following:—" A marc owned by Sir. W. Wilson, of Mount Barker, wbich has ! reached the patriarchal (equine) age of 23 years, has just surprised her master and his neighbours by bringing forth a strong and healthy foal. The case is more remarkable in- i asmuch as this is the first occasion on which she ; has attained the dignity of motherhood. There ; can be no doubt as to the age of the mare, for i she was bred by Mr. Wilson's father, and has been in the possession of the family since." i A meeting of the committee of the Western ; Queensland Racing Club was held on the 17th for the purpose of drawing up a programme for the Roma Christmas meeting. ISIr. J. Carter presided, and there were also present— Messrs. C. S. Young, R. Holmes, and J. H. Irwin (secretary). It was decided that the racing should come off on the 26th and 27th of December, and that the following prizes should bo competed for:—First day: Maiden Plate of 15 so vs., Publicans' Purse of 15 sovs., Ladies' Purse of 15 sovs., Flying Handicap of 15 sovs., and Hurry Scurry of 5 sovs. Second day : Corinthian Race of 20 sovs., Christmas Handi cap of 30 sovs., Novel Race of 25 sovs., Consolation Stakes of 10 sovs., and a Forced Handicap for a final flutter. ■ Donald DIunie appears to be*running foul of those diabolical 6et of fellows known as -"Press men." Nasty independent spirits aint they Donald. Won't say what they don't think, or write about things that have never happened for all the "silver" in bonnie Queensland. They wouldn't even crack the sports up or the great benefit at the Albert Hall, would they Dinnie ? It was mean of them certainly. As a mighty man and a credit to human prowess I have a great respect for Donald. People can't beat him on his own'particular line, and perhaps they are apt to get a little jealous accordingly. But then, Donald, you have been before the public long enough to know that last Saturday's sports were not up to your usual form, Go to Pomona, at Manchester, I and give them another show there. The cotton lords will roll up, I warrant ye. This is what our northern friends think about ' the Brisbane Regatta Committee. Let's hope I it's not true. The Northern Argus says:— I "Our Thursday's telegrams state that two committee meetings have been convened in Brisbane, which lapsed for want of a quorum, and should the third meeting not be attended the regatta will fall through. This is pleasant news, considering that Sydney, Maryborough, and Rockhampton, contemplated participation in the sport, Surely the Brisbane rowers who have * gushed' so much how they could treat our coxswains,' as they kindly termed Kaine's crew, have not shown the white feather. Wo should trust not for their own sakes." Messrs, Brett and Trimble, two.of the leading members of the Mercantile Rowing Club of Sydney, propose visiting Brisbane to take part in the Separation Day regatta on December 10. j Efforts are being made to get a Sydney crew of | four together to compete in the Champion Gig Race, in which case the Regatta Committee will raise the value of the prize to £100. At the meeting of the Maryborough Rowing Club Committee it was reported that some of the club's boats had been carelessly handled by some of the members, and it was resolved to enforce the rules regarding this matter. It was also resolved to name the new boats of the club. Thanks were accorded to all and sundry who had assisted at the late concert to make it such a success. It was stated that the Alina crow would leave here for Brisbane on the 4th of December, to take part in the regatta on Sepa ration Day. Alfred Nixon, captain of the London Tri cycle Club, who was the first, two years ago, to attempt tlio journey from Land's End to John o'Groat's on a trieycle, and then suc ceeded in accomplishing the distance in four teen days, has again ridden from one point to tho other on an Imperial Club Tricycle, carrying all luggage with him. Mr. Nixon left Land's End, Cornwall, at 4.15 a.m. on August 16th, and reached John o'Groat's house, Caithnesssfiire, at 4 p.m. on August 24tli, occupying 8 days ll} hours on the journey; distance, 856'miles. Things Worth Knowing.—That people were under a wrong " Impulse" when they backed Hastings. That A. P. Smart did not purchase Newstead. Thatthe horse never changed hands at all. That the Port Douglas Jockov Club has gone to sleep. That Anchorite has been purcliascd by W. J. D. Robertson. That Fcnnellv lias got his watch back. That he'll keep it in his pocket in future, instead of on a table near a window where it could walk out. That Prodigal has been sold to Mr. J. Monday. ThutMrMoonev saw the Waggu Cup run for. That Shaw's eleven rather astonished tho Sydneyitcs. That tho N.S.W. team went all to pieces in their second innings 'That George Fordlmm lias retired from jockey's life. That lie has had a long and honourable career and that the " doinon " will bo remembered for years. That Diunio has had enough of Bris bane and gone up north. That any amount of books aro now open on our forthcoming races. That " Vernx " will bo glad to receive any amateur tips for the forthcoming races. 