Ibumor. Moolchan's Wake. ' Is it tho health ye're askin' for ? If O'ive any left afther toastin' it oway . oil night at Hoolehan's wako O'im lucky. 'Tha widdy tuk Hoolehan's death very much at heart an'. kept bellowin' an1 sereeoh in' louder than Miokarty'a prizo pig at Balley varney fair, from mornin' till night. Wo de tarmined to quiet her some way, an' Mike McGinniHS.PnfiH nn tn linr nnd Gnv. hn I 'llnn'i: mind, Winny— excuse me, I mane Mrs.Hoolo han — but don't fret afther Dinnia any more, for whin the twelve montha ia over O'ill marry yiz mcseilf.' 'Oh, tha purty craythur, but how sho ohanged all av a auddint I She had a loife aoize picther av Hoolehan down to the showl der, weepin' over it, but risin1 and droppin' it from her lap onto the sofy, sho wiped hor eyea wid tho corner av her apron, and sez she, ' Will ye have hot wat'ner in y ure whisky, Misther McGinniaa, or tako it in ita naohural 'Miathor McGinniaa preferred havin' tho hot watber, an' whilo Mrs. Hoolehan was in the kitchen gettin' it wo med arrangomints to keep her in good humor, for her carryina on before tuk all the loifo ond spirit out av us. 'Tho fluro waa cleared, an' by the timo aha kem back wo woro ready for a brake-down, but Winny clapped tho punoh on tho tablo and threw up her handa in holy horror. ' ' Meelya murther I ' sez sho ; ' ia this the way yo riverinco tho mitnory av mo poor dead husband ? ' ??ucni wa all thought sho was gom' to bawl out agin, whin Mike McGinnia whispered o fow worda in her oar and pinched her on the orrum, on' afther takin' her into the dioin'-room an' givin' her somo blarnoy alie kem out willin' an' emilin'. So wo sint little Jimmy Roach off for tho fiddle. ' He's always up to some plaguoy thrick. It tuk him so long that wo all wint to suppor. Ho didn't go away, but watched us outside the windy, an' whin wo wint to supper he stole iu an' got under the same ahato with tho corpso. We thought it waa ono av Jimmy's ould thricka to fool ua out av our dance, an' we dotarmined not to lot him havo the beat av ua, so McGinnisa an' meself got upon tho fluro an' comminced donoin' oway whilo all the min prisint kept whistlin' 1 Tho wind that sliakoB the barley,' whin, behold yon 1 tho abate begun risin' an' kipt riain' higher an' higher till Dinny, as wo thought, Bat bolt upright under it, an' in a voico ixaotly liko hia own, soid, na mad as oould bo, ' How dare yiz insult my mimory? How dare -yia?! . ' What did wo do? Well, Oi'vo a faint ro mimbranao rtv McGiunisa'f) hair standin' on iud, his oyoB startin' from thoir sockets and hia month big enough to jump down Into, but beyant that an' jfra. iroolulmn hoUerin' out, ? Indado, Dinnis' McGjnnina won't liavo me, an' I won't marry any ono but you,' wn all stood liko staluos, an' 'not wau av ua had the courage io miv;.? till the whui blnw open the rturo an' put nut the light. 'Thin was tho mironibUu' an' nliufllin1. Jimmy, av coorao, jumped down and grabbed fust wnn an' thin another, an' being1 a very strong byo, hia pinchea woro no email ' matter. 'Now, O'im a very gallant man to tho .Icddics, an' always willin to soorifico meself for their purty tiakea whin any naohural dan gor presinfs itself, but whin it comes to tlio supernaohural Oi till ye what, mo byo, I look, out for my own Bkin. ' What was tho iud av it ? Woll, tho oud for mo v/nn this : Whin tho light was put out, an' Oi, liko all the rest, thought Dinnia waa at me heel ', I put for homo wid a npado which ud aim mo tho aiglea av the air. Me fate hardly Boomed to touch tho ground, aa I wint ovor cobblestones an' ditches moveloilto a bird than a man. Two pelicomen chase to mo, an' foired shots r.t mo, but thoy couldn't catch tell tho truth, Oi don't bclavo Oi could ov stopped if Oi'd tried. Oi ought to mintioa hero that Oi had on white corduroy brecohes, an' as Oi took rlt mo boat beforo beglnnin' to d.-uiO!,' wid McGinniss, Oi preaintod quite a qiiaro spectacle. To give yo an instance av the flight'wid which Oi flow, lot mo toll yo that tho San Jose freight train wasoomin'in, an' me path for two blocks lay alongside av the track, but Oi kopt paco with the ingino all '? along, an' from the pafo scared faco ov tho engineer, I think he must havo tuk mo for a ghost raosilf.' Bumm.13 Bhe. 