NATIONAL GATHERING, AND SPEECH BY WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. (The Irishman, September 6.) It was a vast gathering of people that our rounded the platform erected at Cushinstown, county Wesford, on Sunday, Dr. Cardiff pre siding. The bands were numerous, and music lively and inspiriting, while the banners fluttered gaily in the fresh breeze. Before the proceedings commenced the following address was presented to Mi'. O'Brien : 'Dear Sir — We desire to express our profound pleasure at seeing you amongst ust our thorough appreciation of your splendid services to Ireland and the National Cause, and our intense admiration of the matchless courage and perseverance with which you have bearded the lions in the House of Com mons, faced the partisan judges and juries at Green-street and Orange juriec at Belfast, let the light of day into tho dark places and upon the rats of Dublin Castle, and hunted some of the unclean crew into jail and others into obscurity and exile. Although but a short time at the helm of United Ire land and in Parliament, you have already won a brilliant reputation, earned the grati tude and thanks of the Irish race throughout the world, and given bright promise of future triumphs. We are very proud that your first appearance in the County of Wexford is at our meeting, and we thank yon most heartily for having come to it. Mr. O'Brien, M.P., said it was a great pleasure to him to stand for the first time in his life to-day on the historic soil of Wex ford, and to see that the determination of the people of Wexford was not shaken since their grandfathers chased the redcoats out of Eoss. He was sure there were few of them around there but had an ancestor who was cither shot or hanged in '9S, or who de served to be either shot or hanged, and he assured them tbat having such au ancestor was a thing more to boast of than if they had a peer's coronet in tho family. The brave fight that their grandfathers car ried on on these hills with their pikes they were to-day fighting with other weapons. An eviction which was carried out in this neighbourhood reminded them that their houses might be demolished as effectually to-day by the notice to quit as they were in the past by the yeomen. Al though their weapon of resistance was not a pike with a handle twelve feet long, yet they have a pike that reaches even to Dublin Castle — a pike that gives an unpleasant prod, indeed, oven in tho House of Commons in England, and, better again, their excellent weapon could not be proclaimed under the Crimes' Act. Mr. Parnell's pikemen are carrying the good fight successfully into the columns of John Bull. They did not ask tho people to cotne out on the hills and bare their breasts to tho brands of the yeomen — ? they only asked them to look on from their houses in Ireland and aid them with their mcrai support. Earl Spencer is as splendid a specimen c£ the Ancient Briton as they ever had in the days when they went out andjjkilled a Hessian for theaaselves (cheers). He would call him the modern walkiug gallows, only he thought it would be unjust to a certain gentleman, of whom it was said ' Lieutenant Heppenstal, judge, jury, hangman, gallows, noose, rope, and all' (loud cheers). Heppenstal, at all events, wao not given to reciting rnoek litanies and platitudea about justice when ho wont to do his hanging. Earl Spencer was a strong man, but the day was gone when he could bid defiance to the anger and resentment of the people (cheers). Myles Joyce's ghost stands by his bedside by night — A Voice— And may it never leave it. Mr. O'Brien — He will have to get some other means of getting rid of him than by the assistance of his friend George Bolton as a witness. He believed the Earl with all his soldiers around him felt himself a most miser able and guilty man. Ho (Mr. 0 Brien) thought that things had come to such a pitch in Dublin Castle that at this present moment it was no better than a criminal dock, in which Earl Spencer and his confederates were tremblingly waiting for the verdict of public opinion. (Cheers.) They might square their Crown counsel, they might pack juries— and they did that often enough — they might doctor evidence as they liked, but all the wafer in the sea would never wash off the loprosy of private and public infamy that covers the name of Dublin Castle. (Cheers.) There never would be peace in Ireland, and, please God, there never would be peace for the occupants of Dublin Castle, until the whole of that establishment was razed from the Union Jack on its top to the rats in the kitchen, or, until some power higher than theirs sent down its lightning, and turned that Castle into a pillar of salt. (Cheers.) A GOOD START. As bad as English rule was in Ireland and to the Irish, he ventured to think it was still more uncomfortable for the English noble man who came over here. He asked them to remember this — that if they were true to themselveo the trouble of the Government was only beginning. It was really only now that the Irish people were beginning to feel their strength. The Ballot Act was good, and household suffrage would be better still. The people had only made a start, but, thank God, it was a good start. They had established the fact that landlordism was a worthless and an accursed thing. (Cheers.) Prom that they would be able to get on a little bit, and they v?ould have to ask them by-and by why this worthlessneos should be pocketing fourteen millions of their money. (Hears hear.) Re ferring to the land grabbers, he said he did not know whether in this neighbourhood they were afflicted with that form of pestilence. It would be their fault if the profession of land-grabbers was not made an unpopular one. (Hear, hear.) They had also established the God-given right of the Irish people to live and thrive upon their own noil. Byand bye they would come to ask why four-fifths of their fertile soil should be in the hands of graziers, while farmers and labourers were allowed to starve or were driven across the ocean. They had found out the oecret, how to make things unpleasant for the English Government and the English garrison. (Cheers.) Let the people only apply the stick, and they could do that at home at the rent offices, at the local boards, and in the hunting field. (Cheers.) He as sured them that the Irish Party would not spar© the rod, but would in every place use it to make their enemies wince. (Hear, heav.) If they did not lose their heads and get demoralised in the glory of their victory, they would soon have that happiness, peace, and independence for which the men of Wexford had fought and died in '98. (,Loud cheers). Mr. Leamy, M.P., nest addressed the meeting. They did not want cheers, but solid ranks behind them. Let the Govern ment Know mat tnoy Had men behind them. He believed the Wexford men atill had in their hearts the old spirit which had stood before the old bayonet. (Cheers.) He asked them was it not a great encouragement to landlords to evict when they got persons to take the farms at higher rents F There was no one to prevent any man from passing a farm from which a tenant was evicted, and saying God help the poor man that is being evicted and God bless the man that is keeping out of the farm. (Cheers;.) Ho hoped and trusted that now aa that district had formed a branch of the League, each district would follow its example. THE EMIGRATION TRAP. Mr. J. P. Power, M.P., the newly-elected member for county Waterford, said it was an honour to him to address them under their distinguished chairman and in the association of a gentleman who had earned the love and gratitude of the Irish race, and the deadly hatred of Dublin Castle. (Hear, hear). Their enemies had thought the stru^glo was over, and a fond hope was cherished that pure patriotism had boon crushed once and forover in the blood of their butchered forefathers. v (Hear, bear). Such was not tho case to-day. That spirit was as bright and as staunch and as prepared to make sacrifices for tho good of the people ay it was in the year 'OS. (Choors.) He denounced the emigration scheme as a disgrace to any civilized country, a sham. and a trap. The Government wished to solve the Irish difficulty in a way they thought was tho simplest, hy getting rid o'i: the people. It was worth reminding them I that if they fell into this trap, if they con- ' tinued leaving their country at the rate they were doing at present, in fifty years there would not be a person in Ireland. Mr. Small, M.P., also addressed tho meet ing, and referred to a recent eviction in the neighbourhood, pointing out to them how they could prevent these occurrences. Eev.lDr. Walah, CO.; Rev. W. Staploton, C.C. ; Mr. Edward Walsh, Wexford People ; and Rev. Win. Prendergast, also spoke ; and the mooting then adjourned. 