FICTION. " J¡Wn*> Ca|Uib| Aracrlonn, and other Periodicals.) LOVE AND_ PASSION. CHAPTER X7I,-(Conttnued.) j Aman was standing »t one o£ the lace-draped windows-a tall, soldierly figure, a bronzed face, .»ita. ht»ird a la militaire, piercing gray eyes, and Clow- cropped, thick dark hair Edith went to bim, and extended ona elim hand. .'Good-e-ening, Captain Vandeleur," ehe said, >o£tly. "'I am glad to see you- very glad," Ha held her hand for a moment, gazing down into the deep dark eyes, and a smile crossed his bearded Ups-'8rarely sweet smile-as ha returned: ** It is very pleasant to believe that, Miss Barring« toa. To the heart ot a lenely, homeless soldier there Is nothing eo sweet as kindly remembrance." Edith's face flashed a little, then she observed lustily : "Mrs Denzil will bein directly, and then itwill ' fce tiree to start, if we wish to hear Nilsson in "Faust" tonight. My sister ia the dearest of tkaperonea," went on Edith, gaily, " but she is gen- erally behind time, ai.d keeps me waiting. She is .(presentin an alarmingly nervous state, on ac- count of her children-little torments, There are two« you" know-Pearl and Flossy-end they are .polled, utterly ; to that degree that abe cannot keep . governess for them for a month at a time. The last martyr to the cause resigned yesterday, and Urs. Denzil is compelled to take charge of the cherubs herself to-night ; but I believe she expects a gover- ness to-morrow. Poor unfortunate 1 her life will be- come a series oí mishaps and adventures as surely 08 she undertakes to control those two madcaps, Pearl and Flossy. Captain Vandeleur," pausing in tbe midst of be»' gay speech, " what makes you look so sad V The young man started, and his face flushed a trifle. "I beg your pardon, Miss Barrington," he said. **I cannot imagine how I could possibly be ead in your presence." "But your are,"* she persisted, ruefully, "Ah, here is my Bietar at last.* For the door had opened, and a lady in garnet velvet and black lace had entered the room, " So glad to see you, Captain Vandeleur," she said, extending a faultlessly gloved hand. " I have been detained by my little ones, and we are rather late, I fear. Ah! well, I shall not tranB¿ress|again in that jeapect. I hope, for I have secured a governess who «ill be here to-night or to-morrow. My dear Edith, turning to her sister, " the carriage is waiting." All the evening Edith Darlington watched her escort with ea¿er, earnest eyes. She loved him with all her heitt and soul-the heiress, beauty, and belle loved this stern, cold soldier ; and be, ab, heaven 1 he would never ore for her. She knew that some 4nla2 troubled him; some ¡cloud rested upon his heart, and she determined to know what it was. So, between the acts, when the others of their party (for the box was full now) were laughing and chatting .pleasantly, she turned to the soldier at her side. " Captain Vandeleur," she began, in a low, earnest tone, " can't jon make me your confessor P I know that your are in trouble, though you strive to dis- guise it. Tell me, is it very serious P Surely, there ia a 'faire lay de' in the case." He colored violently, in spite of his strenuous efforts to be composed. She tried to laugh, but something held her silent ; something that was like a band of iron upon her heart. A sudden impulse seized this man. Edith Darrington was good aid pure ; why not confide in her P Perhaps her woman's ?wit would see some way out of his own difficulty. The impulse was strong upon him, and he yielded to the temptation almost as soon as it carne. Manlike he took impulsively tht^tep which was destined to alter bis whole future ; and he never dreamed that Edith Denington loved kim. Men aretalwayB blind, or else their self-conceit shows them something which does not exist. He bent kis handsome head, and made reply : "Miss Darrington, I confess the truth. I love a woman-a fuir, sweet woman. I love ber, and I have lost her. Liston, and judge for me, if-it be pos- sible to judge, Away on the distant plains with my teglment, I wrote to her. I told her of my love, and asked her to be my wife. I wrote from the very depths of my heart-a passionate, beseeching letter, begging for a decision as soon as might be. That h})ter could not have gone wrong, yet, Miss Darring ion, it was never answered." JJWfth turned her face aside, her great, dark wige «men eyes staring straight across the Btnge. Nilsson ,iWB8 singing now ; ob, heavens I what a voice, but ljdith Darrington never beard, never heeded. It leight have been the vilest discord for aught she /' knew or cared, Por the music bad gone out of her ' ,4Bwn life, and the sweet cord of love had grown sud \- ''' denly mute, «Something was the matter with the lights; why had it grown so dim and dark there in the great, ga\ ¡thor.treP Tbst iron grasp upon her heart grew heavier. She caught her breath hard, like one strangling, then she turned slowly and gazed into hisjface. "I-I am very sorry," she sBid, eimply, "But perhaps ii was over a miserable mistake, after all, which may be set right. If I can ever aid you in this matter, Captain Vandeleur, command me, Will you-will you-tell-me her name?" Heiiesitated-only an instant-and then he made answer: * Xes, I will tell you, It is Kuth-Buth Carroll." *' I shall remember it," she said, softly, and knew sot that the day was coming when she would have jreison to recall that name. The opera over, they were driven rapidly home- ward. Arrived at the Denzil masion (for since the death of their parents the two aiBtera bad made their home together), the captain paused ia the hall for a few words of adieu. At that moment, a slender figure, in deep mourn- ing garments, hastily crossed the great ball-way, and ascended the stairs to regions Above. Captain Vandeleur looked like one who bas sud- denly seen a ghost. Bis face grew very pale, and his eyes dilated. " I beg your pardon, Mrs. Denzil," he observed) addressing that lady, " but who-who is that young » "Oh," interrupted Mrs. Denzil, "that is the new governess, I suppose ; I half- expected her to arrive to-night. Why do you BBk P You surely have never met her P" He turned away, with some trivial excuse, and the adieus being speken, be took his leave ; but all the WBy home to the Vandeleur mansion he kept saying, over and over : " Great Heaven 1 I believe that it was Buth-my little Buth!" 