[?] ? 4 ? CHAPTER SXIII. ^ A. FAREWELL BY THE LAKE SHORE. Hurrying along by the lonely, starlit lake, Sluth Lad nearly reached the trail that led off to Wingina's cabin, when she stopped, startled by the sight of a tall, dark figure leaning against the dead cypress, and looking out over the lake. For a breath's space she stood hesitating, then She went forward with a firm step. The figure turned round. She gave a little cry of relief. It was the man she was seeking. fButh, can this be you — here alone — in the Jiight,' he exclaimed. * Oh ! I came to warn you — to tell you that you are to be arrested to-night — in an hour's time, it may be !' He drew bis breath hard ; he did not speak at first ; then lie said, in bis natural tone : ' It is welL It is better than what I was just jneditating. Ruth, your kind words, your entrea ties had set a strong temptation tugging at my heart. I was about yielding to it. Standing here I had nearly resolved to become a fugitive again. It is well, no doubt, that fate interposes to frustrate such a purpose.' ' It must not be frustrated — it must be quickened !' cried Rutli. * Tou must go at once. I would say stay, and face your trial, if I thought that justice would have its course. But the false testimony, the strong feeling against you, your own. gloomy indifference to your fate, these make me fear the worst. Waste no time. You can make your escape. If you are pursued they will not follow you far. ? You are at home in the \roods, and here in the wilderness there are no telegraph lines, no detectives, no railroads. You can make your way to the coast, and take passage ,on a vessel bound for a foreign shore. In. some 'strange land you can put the old past behind you and begin a new life.' Her hopeful words stirred him, but he answered bitterly .- ' A new life ! What would I build it upon ? What hope, what aim, what ambition ? All man hood has been crushed out of me ; all ? Ruth, what ails you ? How loud your heart beats ! and you are trembling so. Child, child ! why did you come here ? Why did you risk your health, your safety? ' ' It was for you, for you ! ' she sobbed. ' And you will make it vain. You will not go. Oh, for my sake—for my sake ! ' . She seized his hands, and clung to him in a passion of entreaty. The sound of that sobbing voice, the touch of the trembling fingers moved him more than any reasoning. A new impulse thrilled through him, quickening his stagnant being. He caught the girl to his heart. ' For your sake, my darling, I would do any thing,' he whispered. ' For your sake, I will go. I will take tip life, maimed as it is, and try to bear it patiently. All I possess here I have given to you. To be able to give it has been a gleam of happiness to me. The papers are in Lawyer Bouleby's hands. He will come to see you to morrow. The God of the orphan keep you safe, sweet, kind heart. Good-by.' As he pressed his lips on her forehead she whis pered, breathlessly : 'Go! Oh, go!' In the midst of the tumult of grief and pity that filled her, she caught, or fancied that she caught, the sound of horses' feet across the lake on the road that led from Wentworth. He seemed to hear it, too. When he had parted^i-om her, he stood listening a second. Then, as he turned down the trail, he muttered : ' Poor little Butli ! Your errand has been in \ain !' But Euth, as she walked home along the .Shadowy path, was quieting her fears by the re flection : 'They cannot be men coming to make the arrest. * There has not been time. Carlos has ;jp.ot been gone over an hour. CHAPTEE XXTV. £ 3LILIPSE OP THE BLACK GHOST — INSIDE THE TOMB — WTNGINA's MESSAGE. Everything about the house and grounds was quiet, nothing to be heard or seen of Tartar, or of jETagan and his emissaries, as Euth glided through the shrubberies, stole into the house through the hall door, which was still iinhnlfori. mir? orm-ii-. -nn etairs, She went first to the door of her room, hoping to find that the key had been left in the lock ; but it was not there, and she went out upon the poTch, intending to put her improvised bridge once more into use. She found the board as she had left it, but a glance showed her that to re turn across it would be a more dangerous feat than it had been to come over it from the window. Now she would not have the window £rame.to hold to while she steadied her first steps ?upon the slat, nor would the wall of the house be near enough for her to lean a hand against at set ting out. But she determined to make the at tempt rather than lose the opportunity of testing comfortably which she stood in such need of. She put a chair close to the raling, and was about to get upon it, preparatory to stepping upon the shit, when a touch on her arm made her start and look around. Carlos stood before her. He had been watching her movements from a dusty corner of the porch. *Do not risk your life again. I have your key/ life said. . - Surprised, agitated with the fear that she had l»een too late, she stammered brokenly : * You are back already ! You did not surely go 4jO Wentworth ? Your business there — * ' ? 'My business there has been attended to,' he interposed, coldly. He came a step nearer to her, and looked at her elini, tremultus figure and white face, wraith Jike in the starlight. ? And I thought you cold !' he said, in his pas eion-freighted undertone. 'I thought you frank »nd open. Pool that I was ! You show me now how you can love a man. You show me how you have hid it in your heart while you pretended to ?worship only some heroic ideal and to love only your virgin freedom. You lower your ideal down to a murderer. You are willing to giro up your freedom to this man that you seek day and night jjn his hiding-place.* ' This man is my kinsman.' *This man is your lover. You love Tii-m as a ^roman loves the man she gives herself to. What will .become of you when the rope encircles that neck you clung to to-night ?' f J. trust to the just God -that such a fate will never be his.' ?* You think that you were in time to warn him ,--that he has made his escape ? Dfeain so for tor night. Tnpugh you have wronged me 'so' crufelly,'. f. oonld hare found it in my heart to.pity you just now, when I came and saw that frail contrivance ©n which you had risked your life to warn your beloved of ' his danger, outwitting those that1 would have hindered you.' . ?. ? ' ; *It was JOuthenthatlocke?. mein?' ? ' ...' ' | ?*No, I did not evenoraer it. It was Bagan's jjjflji, : so pie . mulatto woman told nie.;. I louneL ♦oior^y ?H^ih-her.' . '. ,. . ...?;?./.. -,.. rc. ,?/. V-^u-j-vi;; *-3tfjriB ftipnje. ;. I'am.yerj^|aia|L-*' ' ,'-'„- ;^* i- 4 * ?Soam li-and ^aise^blefo'boot. Xiittle you -,.,?? -.?'? V'' *fv ', ?''??:!:' ?? 'i'-fiv .. ' ' ;'-?-' .?..?'?. . ^ih. care for my misery — the misery you have wrought. Your thoughts, your prayers to-night will all be for him. Well, to-morrow I may have my re venge. Go, dream to-night how sweet his last words were — how sweet his last kisses. Go !' He flung the key into her hand and left her alone. After such a scene, after the fears for Brent wood's safety that had been excited by De Cas tro's words, there was little rest for Euth. So anxious was she that presently, when she had heard Carlos close Tiig door, she stole softly out fo her room and sat down by a window at the rear of the passage where she listened intently if she might hear the horsemen returning who, half an hour ago, had galloped along the farther bank of the lake on the road which intersected the Karia.Ti plantation leading out from the Wentworth road that ran along the river. The route by which the horsemen had gone skirted the orchard and the lower end of the long, rambling yard, so that the noise of their return would reach her ear as she listened at this back window. ' But she heard nothing, and her spirits rose. True, a party going this road might return to 'Wentworth by another way, for the woods were open and full of paths, but she clung to the brighter thought. She trusted that Brentwood had escaped ; that Carlos, with his characteristic changefubicss of purpose, had not gone to town to-night, and that the alarming expressions he had used had been merely employed to frighten her into some betrayal of feeling for the fugitive. The clock down stairs struck twelve ; the hist stroke was followed by a clattering noise like an alarm. Euth sat by the window a few minutes longer ; then she rose and was on the point of re turning to her room when ~~ she caught sight of something that at once arrested and chained her attention. The moon had now risen, and the light from its gibbous disk slanted across the grounds. In that light Euth saw a tall, black shane niovins: down the orchard path in the direction of the tomb. ' It is Monk's black ghost/ she thought. She watched it with breathless interest. It moved slow and stately down the path. It seemed to float rather than climb over the stile, and approached the tomb. Entering into the shadow that fell so blackly here, it disappeared. Euth. waited vainly half an hour to see it again, and then, overcome with fatigue, she was forced to leave her post and seek the sleep so needful after tlie exhausting trials and exertions of the past eventful twenty-four hours. The early breakfast next morning had only Hagan to sit down to it. Euth had just opened her eyes and started up, surprised to see the sun shining so broadly into her window. Neither Mrs. Harhtnd nor De Castro had left their rooms. The overseer ate his fried ham and eggs and hot muffins with a zest not impaired by their absence. When he rose from the table, wiping his bristly moustache, he stood a moment thoughtfully pick ing his strong yellow teeth, then he stalked Tip stairs and knocked at De Castro's door. He found Carlos awake, lying languidly on the pillows, a moody weariness on his handsome sal low face. ' Hello !' was the overseers greeting. ' Has your night trip knocked you up ? Was it success ful ? I thought I heard men go by on horseback, but it was too soon after you left to be the fellows you went for.' ' It was the sheriff though, and a posse besides. I met them before I got to town. It seems that darkey did not take the message after alL I told you I sent word to the sheriff where he would be apt to find his game as soon as that yellow monkey told me where Euth Harland had gone. I hadn't much idea the negro took the message though. He seemed a half-witted creature.' ' I felt pretty certain he took it. Trust a nig ger to be sure on the trigger when there's mis chief afoot. But did they nab him? That's what I want to know/ ' They did. At least I suppose they did. I only went with them this far. They were drinking and rowdyish, and I thought from their talk they meant to lynch the man in spite of having the sheriff along. I had no relish for such fun.' ' I should think you'd hire devilish well to help ; swing the fellow that stole your girl. I should.' ' You and I have different tastes, recollect. And please remember to speak of Miss Harland with more respect. By the way, why did you lock her in her room last night ?' ' Why, to keep her rrom getting out and warn ing Brent Harland — what else ? I couldn't stay to watch her. Old Phemy is such a sleepy-head, she is not to be depended on, and there was good reason why Mrs. Harland should not know what was going on. I met Phemy last night in the passage, carrying the key to the girL and ordered her to lock the door on the outside, and keep the key tiil morning. You got it from her in the night, she tells me/ ' I did get it from her, after I found that your wise precaution had been as useless as locking the stable door after the horse has been stolen/ ' You don't mean to say that the girl got out anyhow?' * She got out and accomplished her purpose. When I came I found an open window, from which she had walked on a board across to the porch.. It is a marvel she did not fall/ * I wish she had, and broken her cussed, neck 1 She'll make trouble here yet/ muttered TTamyn under his breath. Then he said aloud : 'I understand now what is the matter with my dog. She drugged *--»Tn- I found him this mom ing lying in a corner of the yard in a stupor. There was no rousing him. Ten to one he dies. Ifs her work. I heard her ask for -morphine last night. FU pay her for it, damn her 1' He flung himself out of the room before Carlos could speak, and mounting his horse, rode to Wentworth to learn whether last night's expedi tion had accomplished its object. A few minutes afterward De Castro, having drank his coffee in bed, eet off on the same errand. '.'''?.? Euth ate her breakfast alone, and then went out in' the yard to walk off the restlessness wrought in her by the suspense of waiting for tidings of her cousin. She* looked for a message to be sent by the T-nHian woman. Presently Sehna came out with a plate of food for the dog. She always fed . him with her own hand, not from love of the brute, as she had told Euth, but to gain his good toII, and prevent him from attacking her if at any time she wished to go into the yard at night. She' was ex claiming in ^surprise at not seeing him. under the tree where he was always; chained, ' when Phemy. came out of the kitchen' and reported Tartar's condition. . ' . , _ .... . :,'.., ' Ifs my belief h6's been cunjered/ ' she de clared. ' That Injun ooinan's took to comin' rdun* here again. She. ;ivias jirdjvlin' 'boot .here; this mbrnin% askih' if a eertaaai.pusson was yap.' , '} * Akd shfe is gone ? Did she leaV-e*n6 message?^' asfce^Eufli^erly. .' ' ', ;' -;; .'../;,?/?„ '~5;: .~- . , 'She'said she'd, cpme tjginl I '';i^'Bp£^Hagajv; i?JTOut;iiJ2re, afore; *&&y; Juuireihtflei ;is .lifinjef^a. JjUne :^d'any;mo^.&ws; liiis-bj^ck. totijgfteti -fShe .,; jpught to be tiriv bi ^ie-'this'^laJpjj, ef '? '-3|-'nXja' 'oil ifc i aU'-her'life1ame.; ?Sbi*llV'^p'.;mpie;li^m iiere'xL ;a litae. .:^a0t'jM^i1^J^^:M^^: and have our insides filled up with snakes and spiders and seorpuns, along er that ole Wingina. I seed it in her eye/ ' How absurd !' Euth said to Sehna, as they walked away. She was surprised to hear the other answer, gravely: ' There are mysterious things about this place. The negroes and others connect them with this TndJH.n woman and her mother, who is dead/ Euth answered, thoughtfully : ' Strange things do seem to occur about the place, but I cannot believe that Wingina has anything to do with them, or that they have any supernatural origin. There is a mystery about that old tomb yonder which I would like to in vestigate. Last night I saw a figure in black cross the orchard and go down to the tomb ; and at the same place I heard a very strange noise yesterday, as you remember. Monk tells me she has heard the same sound very plainly, and has seen the same figure walking there at midnight/ 'And you believe all Monk's silly stories !' cried Selma, a look of pale anger overspreading her face. ? What mystery can there be about the tomb ; or at least, what can there be there which investi gation will throw any light upon ?' ' I do not know ; I have no idea. I have never even seen inside the tomb/ , * You shall see inside it at once, if you will ; I have the key in my pocket. Perhaps your roman tic fancy has conjured up a vision of old Mrs. La Taste crazed by her husband's ill usage and hiding in that receptacle of the dead, where, as you will see, there is no room, no secret nook to hide a bat. Come/ Euth complied. Anything was better, in her nervous state, than sitting still with folded hands. ' And perhaps/ she thought, ' I shall meet Wingina. She must come this path/ Besides, she was curious to see inside the tomb. A feeling possessed her that something momen tous connected with her own fate was somehow mysteriously associated with that place. It was one of those vague impressions which it is impos sible to account for or to shake oi£. Perhaps it it was only the suggestion of her imagination, feverishly excited by the strange sound she had heard, and the ghostly shape in black which she had seen answering to the little quadroon's des cription of the black ghost. As they passed under the shadow of the hoary live oak Sehna said : 'This place was called the 'Haunted G-rove' long ago, before the tomb was built even, or the grave of the T-n r»n.Ti woman made under yonder tree. Pale-blue flames and great balls of fire have been seen to rise here and float to a distance before they disappeared. This, of course, was the luminous gas rising from the decaying debris, and from an old, half -covered well that is somewhere here. But all the sights that are said to 'have been seen, and all the sounds reported to have been heard, cannot .be so well accounted for/' They stood at the end of the tomb in which was set the thick black door heavily studded with iron. Mrs. Harland took a curiously shaped key from her pocket, and fitted it into the lock, turned it in the grating wards, and pushed the heavy door with all her strength. It opened and admitted the two into the low, arched interior, which would have been dark as midnight but for the light that came through the narrow door. The smell of the charnel, moldy and decaying, pervaded the place. Trough the gloom Euth saw a bronze image of the crucified Christ, the V-gnOT-ng head distorted by the death agonies. The image hung in a niche of the wall opposite the entrance. Before it, on a slub of marble, stood tall wax candles in marble candlesticks, and some dead flowers in an urn shaped vase of marble. On the floor before the altar was spread a rug of beautiful silvery gray fur. The floor, which was bare, was of polished live oak, lasting almost as iron. The walls were of dark-gray cement, damp, and stained with mould. The altar-like arrangement, simple as it was, occupied the entire end of the narrow, oblong building. The receptacles for the dead were in the sides of the tomb— lengthwise niches in the thick walls, two on either side. Over them dropped lids of dark oak affixed to 'oaken bars set in the masonry. These lids fasted with springs. Mrs. Harland lit one of the wax candles j the light shone on her white face and gleaming, iewel-like eves. She turned to the wall on the right, touched the spring of the lower cover, and raised, it by its silver handle. The niche was empty. The upper one held the coffin of Victor La Taste — the first owner and settler of Witch Lake. On the floor underneath was crouched the stuffed shape of his favourite hound, life-like in attitude, his head between his paws, the silver collar around his neck. Selma turned to the wall on the left. Here, too, the lower niche was vacant. She stood awhile motionless, her hand on the lid ' of the upper receptacle.' She was pale; her hand trembled a little as she touched the spring. Euth looked with hushed breath at the coffin which bore the nasne of the lri-ngmsm she had lost, just as she began to understand and love him. She had dreaded to look at the face beneath the glass; now a glance relieved her. Here was no ghastly horror. Dimly seen through the cloudy glass by the weirdly-fiKed light of day and candle, the fea tures seemed entire, their outline unbroken by decay. But the rigidity, the discolouration -of death, were there, and Euth shrank back with an inward shudder. At the same instant Mrs. Har land's hand 'dropped from the lid, and it fell with a noise that thrilled along the excited nerves of the two women. With an 'impulse akin to terror they seized each «ther'« hands' and stood tremb ling. Selma was first to recover herself. 'Let us go/ she said. .'It was wrongto bring you to this gloomy place/'1 -' . .. ?' -.'? She extinguished the -light on the 'altar, and drew Euth out of the building. When the heavy door was locked behind her, the strained, anxidus look passed from Sebna's eyes, and the colour flickered up into her «heeks. - 'You see that the tomb holds no secret/ she said,.' no mystery, but the eternal, inscrutable mystery of death.' The last word was but half uttered when a strange sound m&de; it die on her lips. A faint, smothered sound, between . a wail and a groan, unmistakably human-like. -Where did it come from? From the air around, the ground under neath, the moss-hung i tree overhead? Euth looked around her everywhere. Her wide eyes fixed themselves with startled inquiry upon her . companion. Sehna was visibly agitated. 'I heard it!' she whispered. * 3?or Heaven's sake come away I' . ; ;She did not=Epeak again until they had left the grove. behind and were half way across the or chard.' :..,., ?'There 4s something unaccountable about the' phice-^pmethihg supernatural it may be: Who ?can tell ? Philosophy- has not proved thai' such a ijfing cannot be.. 'You liad best, keep away from1 thie-jplace, Euth.'- What you might possibly see or hear^there would only excite and trouble you. It'ia^htltnafce you- morbidly gloomy.- This is no irame/fftr, we 'Opting and mpressmle. You will beT^Tad to getaway I MbT»r. '? J±e.you still deter mihed .on leaving bo soon ?* . ? :; ! : ^l^-sobn as^ I m£yj to-day if a boat passes-^ iinless^-^-';- .'' y\ '-v\; ?-''?'? ''''????',: ''' . /'': ?? ;'? \ | ??^nless--«ii.y. ^;cdus!h;3ias. been, tafcen prisoner,* ..^|i£i fB^s'-j^fliiSg-^jp'^Sty1; '1-nt;;fi3i^^hfeciEe4']lezsfS£. ; W-^Cr^ip J:Ji6t :: blame ^o^'-^M^^jSskiiepSL went on. ?' Jt-wbuld;be:Eeinshin me to t^ip]aaep°'yofc ~ '-'&' 'IS^a-s&sr--; \ns -?.-??_ /: ??;;?;: :-r. .;uysi -j-.^ ?«.« and better for Carlos since you cannot love him, and he only torments you with his jealous, per sistent passion. Poor boy ! if he could only learn to control his heart. . Yes, it will be best for you to go at once. You can write to Mr. Boultby about your business. I can send your clothes that are at Cypres ©end and the other things that are here. Your visit has been unfortunate. It has brought you nothing but trouble and annoyance. And the fault is all mine. You must forgive me, Euth. I am not myself. Cir cumstances have taken the reins of my 'destiny out of the hands of my will and are whirling me on in spite of myself — to what goal I know not ; but I fear — I fear that it will be ruin. Yet I cannot lift a finger to stay it. I am fettered by a cruel fate. You look at me wondering. My talk sounds wild to you. You do not know ; you do not understand, and I cannot tell you. If you knew a part, you would shudder ; if you knew all, you might pity.' They were approaching the house. Euth, lifting her eyes full of perplexed thought, saw Wingina standing under the tree were the dog was wont to be chained. A scarlet scarf was wrap ped around her head ; the folds of her coarse, dark dress fell about her majestic figure like antique drapery. The sun lit her proud, stoical features. She looked like a statue of bronze. She inclined her head to Selma, who regarded her with curiosity, that was merged into anxious conjecture when he saw that the Indian woman made a sign to Euth, and that when the girl stopped, Wingina drew her aside and spoke a single sentence, her own features remaining un moved while Euth's became pale and troubled. The sentence that Wingina uttered told Euth that Brentwood Harland was a prisoner. After a pause, during which Sehna had passed on, Win gina continued -? * He was arrested last night, just after you left hitr\1 before he reached the house. When I brought his horse to him from the poultry-shed where it had been hid, he told me to see you to day, and to ask you not to grieve about what had happened to him, that you had done what you 'could to prevent it. He said that lawyer Boultby would come to see you soon and advise you what to do. He begged that you would remember that whatever befell him would be better than he deserved, and better tlian he had been enduring the last two months/ While Euth listened to this message with starting tears, Mrs. Harland entered the house, and encountered Carlos and Hagan, just out of their saddles, with their spurs clanking as they came across the liaii ? You have been riding again/ she said to De Castro. Had you more pressing business ?' 'No/ he' answered: 'my business was tran sacted last -nightj. I can tell you now what it was. I went to secure the arrest of Brentwood Harland. He is safely lodged in gaol at Went worth.' j ' Arrested ! In gaol !' She caught hold of a chair to uphold her. Her breath came in gasps ; she was ghastly pale ; her limbs tottered. i De Castro stepped to her side to support her ; but she pushed him from her. ' Go !' she cried, her eyes flashing upon him. ' You have filled my cup of misery to the brim. I ruined him ; now I shall be his murderer. In jail ! But he shall not stay there. I will ? The overseer placed himself before her. His small, green eye transfixed her ; it glittered with baleful significance ; she seemed to quail be fore it. ' He will stay in. gaal until he is hanged/ said this sinister man, ' and that will not be long. The people are too bitter against Iii-m. They came near lynching him hist night ; they may mob him any time. The old gaol is so insecure that justice must do its -work quick. Fortunately, court is now in session, and there will be a petition made to-day to have him tried at once. The insecurity of the gaol and the danger of the prisoner being mobbed will be the plea. The application will be granted. We may receive our summons to appear as wit nesses this very afternoon, madam/ * I will not appear — I know nothing — I ? * ' You will simply repeat the testimony you gave at the inquest. That will convict him/ He bowed his vulture neck. A malign an -fr half Bmile curled his bristly lip as he looked at the beautiful woman writhing in his power, crushing her white hands together till they were mottled with purple, and drawing panting breaths of re strained anguish. ' Villain ! cruel, heartless villain ! ' she said, at last, low, between her set teeth. Casting a look at him, under which he winced, though he affected to smile insolently, she left the room. * What does this mean ? ' cried Carlos, amazed. ' I thought she would rejoiee to have her hus band avenged — to have his murderer brought to justice/ y ' It means that she ,loyes his murderer ! hissed Hagan, stopping short in his stride up and down the hall. ' Loves 'him ! Loves young Harland ? impos sible ! She does not know Mm. The has hardly seen Iii-m since she married.' ' She had seen him often enough before — too often for her eood. She married the father out of revenge because the son left her. She testi fied against him at the inquest ' in a fit of angry retaliation, but she loved him all the Me: It takes a woman of her temperament and her agejto love with the maddest unreason. The fire, that Smouldered for years under the show of that bosom, flames out hot and wild at last. Big scorn does not quench it. It will burn, her prospects up like tow at this hist hour, unless I interfere. You stare at me in amaze, young- gentleman/ ' I look at you in indignation, sir, that you dare to slander a lady that is my foster mother and your benefactor.' 'My benefactor! Because she got me this paltry place here for old acquaintance sake, I having been a faithful employee of her former husband! Ha! ha! ^fo, boy, the benefit is on the other side if you knew it. I don't slander her. I speak the truth. I know more of her life than you- who have been occupied withypur own fast experiences — your loves and debts and scrapes. I know more of her past than you do, and more of the future that stares her in the face. One word froni me — but it does not matter ; I've been loyal to her for years. Ill stay loyal to her yet, unless she provokes me past endurance. -But is she does— if she refuses to testify against that scoundrel — : — '? ' - A dark scowl gathered upon his face. ' TT?r eyes .emitted a green flash under the knotted brow that lowered over. them. He resumed his rapid stride across the halL Jealous rage was burning at his heart, and recollection of the punishment he had once received at the hands of Brent Harland still ?fqT^fiftT iTiflnmfifl him against the ina.^ -in whose trial, with life or death at issue, he was soon to give evidence. ;: ?:*??, - ?'? ? :? . ' . Carlos watched him gloomily, wondering over what had just passed before him— Mrs. Harland's siaSioge 'condudby Bagah's revelations, Kis dark , hints, and his hiflf -uttered ^threat against Sehna. 7 fiutii«nit^j:ed'5r|21je,he sat tmumng%g;h' clouded .that she knew noxr what had'befailen jier cousin him. .; . ;:-j.- ;^.U' i™'¥~ / '-4- .','-??'? ;?' -v A .:. ??-... '??-. ?:?-?. ^?Bn^^^ranedJ|ofl^,.t ? : ?':- ?;?;.; -../?„ H Z&ijffi;^ ? ' ' ? J V -'-ft*?.!: '?-' -:^'» ;-.- 1v:~y ; .;.;, She turned and gave him a look full of stern reproach. He faded to hide the pain it caused him under a reckless laugh. * That look,' he said, ' if it had been a sword it would have cut me in two. So it ends. ' The last link is broken ' between us, I suppose ; even the friendship you used to offer me so magnani mously. You think I have injured you past for giveness. ' It is not the injury done to me. That matters little,' Euth said; fIt is the wrong done an innocent man — a friend who has been so much to you/ 'A friend! Brent Harland my friend. Why I never knew him/ ' You knew bim well. You have often called hfm the noblest man, the truest friend. You knew him as Castleton/ ' Castleton ! Euth, are you dreaming ? Can it be?' ' It was his mother's family name. His father had forbidden him to bear his own/ 'Castleton! - Great God! and you called bin innocent ?' .,' ' He is innocent. He never struck his father. He only pushed him back when he would have dealt him the second blow. The striking of his head against a marble slab caused my uncle's death. They swore falsely at the inquest to serve their own purposes. They — ' She stopped ; a look had pierced her like a poisoned arrow. She had forgotten, or she had not seen that Hagan was in the hall. He had turned around, and stood listening to her at a little distance. The look with which he regarded her chilled her with creeping dread. It was so full of malignance, of threatening. He advanced a step toward her and seemed about to speak, but a stern look from Carlos warned Vm-n to curb his fury. He turned on his heel and stalked out of the house. When he was outside he muttered : ' That girl is dangerous. It will not do for her to stay here. She must be got rid of at once ; if not by fair means, then by f ouL* (to be continued.) 