MOONEE VALLEY ENTRIES. Br " vlgilint." We publish in another column the entries for the Moonee Valley Meeting, which takes place on Mr. Cox's course on Tuesday next (Separation Day). The nominations are exceutionallv laree. nineteen having been enLered for the Maiden Plate, amongst the number being the ancient Tumult. The June Handicap has no fewer than twenty- fire balf-railera engaged, the beet of which are Countryman, Middlemarcb, and The Ghost. Fourteen performers ecroes country have been nominated for the Steeplechase, in which I notice no less than four greys— Chippenham, Banycnung, Hailstorm, and Alteration— are engaged. The Selling Race has also filled well, fourteen "platers " being entered. For the Coronation Handicap, which winds up the day's sport, twenty- two sprinters have been nominated, including the veteran Warlock. The weights will not be declared till to-morrow, which fact unfor tunately precludes me from attempting to predict the winners of the handicaps. As Tuesday will be a general holiday, Mr. Cox may look forward (in the event of the elements being propitious) to the presence of a big crowd. The first race at this meeting will start at 1.30, and the last at 4.15. In another column we announce that with the enlargement of the Sicbtuuv ou Wednesday next, 2nd July, we will issue Special Kbw Sours Wales and Special Sours Aubteauan Editions of the Spobts- ham. The New South Wales Edition will be desp&tohed; by the special train on Wednes day afternoon, and will reach Sydney very little later than at present, while we ehall be able to give several hours' later general sporting sews and a quantity of special news of New South Wales sporting events. Our special South Australian Edition will be published on Thursday, and will be dre- patched by mail on Thursday morning, beiog thus a day t&ter; than at prescut. It will, of oourse, contain a day's later general sporting news, in addition to the special South Australian items. We trust the alteration in the day of issue will prove acceptable to our South Australian patrons. At the same time, should they prefer the SpOBtsscan as at present rather than wait a day longer for later and special news, we can give it to them. If ever a jockey was oaught napping on the post, M'Leod, the rider of Fiokle in the Open Steeplechase at Caulfield on Saturday, was the men. Rounding the turn home, the Victoria Gold Cup winner had his field beaten, and it looked a hundred pounds to the proverbial gooseberry on him; and M'Leod evidently fully believed there wae nothing in the race but bte owo mount as ne eauea leisurely up the straight. Malone, who piloted Stampede, however, appeared to think that the raoe is not over till the numbers go up, as he made a desperate struggle with Mr. Harper's horse up the straight, aud, getting level with Fickle in the last few strides, beat him on the post by a nose. Malone' s display of horsemanship merits commendation, the race being undoubtedly won by perseverance. The lad, Butler, who piloted Australian Court also rode a plucky raoe, and got every ounce ont of his horse ; this lad, by the way, in not identical with the English jockey Butler. Avut.ta. Victoria has gone into R. M'Kenua'e stable, where the filly will be trained for her future engagements. Pbospeot, who was advertised to he sold by Messrs. Yuille and Co., has been withdrawn from sale. At a meeting of the oommittee of the Numurkah Turf Club held on Monday evening it was decided to erect a grand stand on the course before the next meeting, by which date other improvements wilt probably be completed on the course. Mb. Hbbbebt W. Elwbs, well known to eportiog men in the Riverine district, and who for some time past has filled the position of secretary to the Wiloannia Jockey Club, made a deliberate attempt to commit suicide on Monday last in a carnage on the Eesendon line, when travelling to Melbourne. The unfortunate man, who now lies in a precarious condition at the Melbourne Hospital, had beeu for some days in a state of despondency, aod was "wanted" to answer a charge of presenting a valueless cheque, for which offence a warrant bad been issued for his arrest. As the Prince of Vales' Birthday this year falls on a Sunder, the Williamstown Bsee Meeting is fixed for Monday, the 10th of November. The Victorian Poultry and Dog 8ociety announce the Annual Intercolonial Exhibi tion of Poultry, Pigeons, Canaries, Dog, aoi Cats, for Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, 20th to 23rd August, in the main hall of the Exhibition Building. Entries juust be made not later than the 2Gtb of July, as they will positively close on that dalt. One of the most interesting features in connection with the show is the trial of working sheep dogs, held at Eletcrnwiok Park j hitherto this bos taken place subse quent to the opening of the show, but this year it h— been decided to hold the trial on the Saturday previous to the opening day, and the prixe takers only will be exhibited at the show. The first prize ia £20 ; second, £&i; third, £2. Ned KbiIiY, who won the Selling Raoe at Sandboret on Wednesday, was bought in by Mr. Weckes (for Mr. Connolly) at £79, and returns to Connolly's stable. A obntlekan from New Zealand, who has been paying a vieit to Victoria dunog Uie last month or so, sends the following graphie description of a Melbourne football matnh to the Dtmedin Star:— 'The ero wds who gather to witness these matches oarry enthusiasm to excess. The partisans of either side yell and ftflretm themselves hoaiwe. They go on to the ground at two o'clock radiant of visage and with lungs stentorian, and oome out et five with voices barely audible, whilst a Blanoe at their faces tells on whioh aide their Sympathy was Metallioiens muster in strong foroe, and beta are made almost ea numerous as at a Donedin Oup masting. On Thursday last, at the Mudgee oonrse (says the Independent) a nice-looking young man, who gave his name and address as R. R. Jones, of Adelaide, was plying his vocation as a bookmaker. When the Cudge- gong handioap oamo on, he commenced layiog more liberal odds than the other legitimate books, consequently the backers of Councillor did bonnets with him to the amount of about a ceDtury. When the raoe was over, and Councillor deolared the winner, the backers of the horse found, to their dismay, that Jones had "takeo a header." It wae discovered that he had, with the aid of a confederate, engaged a special convey ance, and taken his departure for town. Two of hie viotitns whom he had muloted for about £30 started off in hot pursuit, vowing to annihilate him when oaught. After having visited the hotel where Jones had been located, they learned that he had not returned ; but his companion had, in a great hurry, visited the hotel, squared up the account, and taken awa; a portmanteau, all the luggage they had. The pursuers were baffled, and arrived at the oooolution that Jones must be in ambush, awaiting -the departure of the traio to leave that night at 7 o'clock, as it was thought be oonld not have been in time to catch the mail coach, which left at 3 p.m. However, Jones was not there, and it began to dawn on the minds of the pursuers that he must faavo caught the mail coach, or had gone ont tn Pine Ridge, and would take the coach to RyUtone next day ; so it was resolved that a deputation should wait ou Jones next morning. The ferreters then disbanded. It has since been ascertained that Jones went on the coach near the bridge, shortly after leaving the racecourse, and be has left hie victims sadder, but probably not wiser men. A" Derby" (says ao exchange) wae run in Rome on 26tb April. There was a large incursion of English betting men, and bookmakers were seen at work where the Pontifical Zouaves were wont to congregate. As we hare received many enquiries from correspondents, asking whether they are restricted to forwarding one coupon for the Sportsman Treble Event, Caulfield Cup, V.R.C. Derby, ond Melbourne Cup, we notify that any number of coupon may be forwarded ut every iceek until the date appointed for closing, which will bo announced in a future issue. A Nelson paper, iu its report of the rooent races, says ; — There wan one incident during the day that created infinite amusement and was perhaps without parallel. A queer- looking piebald gelding, named Toby, the property of Mr. Sunley. was entered for the Hack Raoe, and was ridden by a Lilliputian jockey, between whom and the nag he be strode there was evidently an excellent under standing. A calf aud a kitten were the names bestowed upon the horse and his rider respectively by certain facetious individual ; but they oonld afford to put up with a little chaff, as the sequel will enow, for the horse, if "arum 'un to look at," proved himself " a good 'un to go," for he went cteao away from his rivals. Coming up the straight there was an exclamation from all sides, " how shockingly the boy is riding," for bis diminutive legs were flying about in all directions. But wheo he came up near the stand the strictures passed were changed into shouts of laughter aud enthusiastic cries of "Well done, little 'un." Atui "well done" it was, for the kitten was riding the calf hare-baoked. It appeared that the saddle had slipped round, and the little fellow as near as possible rolled off. But he was determined to win, and with wonderful aotivity and presence of mind he contrived to right himself, to wriggle out of the saddle and to shove it away behind him, and his boree came in the winner amid tremendous cheering with the saddle underneath his flanks, and banging abont against his hind lege. Perhaps this singular method of wear- hie saddle proved au additional inoentive to him to go ; but, whatever the reason, be and his tiny jockey bad the honour of winning a race under circumstances seldom reco rded in the history of raoing. Toby paid a dividend of £10. Iz is to be regretted that Hntcbens, the English pedestrian, could not see his way olear to allow Bernard Murphy more than £25 to go home. Mr. Murphy, sen., was quite ready to baok his lad for any part of £500, so that very muoh more than the amount mentioned might have been afforded. What Mr. Murphy is willing to do now is to show the Englishman that he really wishes to pit his boy against him by offering Hutehene £75 to oome to Australia. As will be seen bv our athletic columns, the efforts of the Sportsman to arrange a meeting between the Sydney aud Melbourne boxers has been successful, and Jackson and Faro an are to face each other on the 26tb July. The boxing will be strictly under the Marquis of Queeneberry Rules, and for a £200 trophy. We are pleased that the negotiations so long protracted have had each a practical termination, £50 having been posted with the 8pobtsmak as an earnest of business. All through the discussion of preliminaries our endeavour has been to unduly favonr neither one nor the other side ; and if we have bad oooasiou to apeak out sturdily once or twioe it has been with the object of advancing boxing as a legitimate eport, and of trying to olear it of some oojeorionable surroundings. Now that there is some talk of the neces sity of making a loop- line to the Cat Paw Paw sanatorium from the Geelong line, the oommittee of the Williamstown Racing Club oonsider the time opportune for the extension of the rail to their racecourse. At present, visitors to the oourse by rail are set down at a point near the sanatorium, and the oourse is only a few minutes' walk from the latter. The oommittee are of opinion that, if a loop- line was made to the sanatorium, it could be continued to the course at a very email additional oost. There i6 no doubt that (be extension would pay well, and it is well known that the Railway Department derives a substantial revenue from the lines to the Flemington, Geelong, Wincbelsea, and other racecourses. It is probable that the Minister of Railways will be shortly urged to do the work. We trust he will see his way to oomply. - Polestab, lately (be property of Mr. Small, has been-sold for £200 to go to India. Tub following decision re the reoovery in England of a wager made on commtetion will be interesting to betting men. The betting case Read v. Anderson (says the London Sperttman) has again been before the Master of the Rolls and the Lords Justices of Appeal. The plaiotiff, a betting com mission agent, sued for £50 paid by him for the defendant. He received a telegram from the defendant, who resides at Newcastle, to baok limestone for £50 at Ascot, and added the word " reply" to his telegram. He sent no reply, but laid the money as directed. The horse did not win, and the defendant inetruoted the plaintiff not to pay the money on his acoount. The plaintiff, however, paid the loss, and, when the oase came before Mr. Justice Hawkins, submitted that if he had not dooe so be would have been turned ont of Tattersall's and the Victoria Club and ruined. Mr. Justice Hawkins having given judgment in his favour, the defendant ap pealed. The Court reserved judgment. Toe Adelaide horses, Governor, Gymk hana, St. John, Country Boy, Tbe Agnt, and a few youngsters have arrived at Flemington, under the obarge of George Read, who will In futore train his horses in thisoolony. Mr. 8. G. Cook has leased from Mr. F. Heoty the yearling oolt by 8t. Albans— Jewess, and the two-year-old by The Ace- Firefly, both of whioh will in future be trained by Mr. Cook at Pytohley Lodge Thb Pigeon Shooting Bill has been thrown ont by a majority of thirty in England. Says the London Sporteman: — "In the House of Lords, Lord Balfour moved the seoond reading of the Cruelty to Animals Acta Amendment Bill, the objret of which is to suppress the practice of pigeon shooting. He contended that pigeon shooting wae not a eport ; true eport consisted in a healthy recreation of mind or body, or in exercising the instinct of man and animals against wild oreatures in their native haunts. Pigeon shooting was mainly promoted as a medium for gambliog, aod there was something very revolting to his mind in causing the death of animals or birds to afford the means of gambling. This sport was also attended with serious cruelty, which, however, conld not be proved under the present law, as the officers of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals were unable to procure access to the private grounds where the shooting wae carried on. The Earl of Redesdale moved the rejection of the bill on the ground that it was Introduced under false pretences. He denied that it was -uuuuuMrily omelty to confine a bird in a f trap and then release It. He would amend the law, if it was necessary, so as to permit an officer of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to enter shooting grounds, but be objected to make it an offence to shoot at a bird. There were people who objected to sll kinds of field sports, and he hoped (he Bouse would not play into their hands. Lord Aberdare supported the bill on the ground that the practice of pigeon shooting tended to brutaliee the population. After some further disouseiou the House divided, when the numbers were : — For the hill, 48; against, 78. Hie bill was there fore thrown out by a majority of thirty." In another oolnmn we publish the nomina tions for the Deniliquin Meeting, fixed for the 22od and 23rd of July. Each event baa filled well, and a number of Victorian horses, including Victress, Athenian, Ard High, Tichborne, Polly, and Egerton, have been entered. MR. GEORGE GIFFEN, SOUTH AUSTRALIA'S REPRESENTATIVE IN THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. Transferred io the wood at the " Vita " Studio. Alwayb a busy time for sportsmen, the | Waterloo Cup week this year will be no j exoeption to past seasons, and we may oon- ( fidanlly look forward to a larger influx of i sporting visitors this year than ever. On t Wednesday, the I6th of July, the venue will 1 bo Diggers' Rest, and the attraction, the running iu the first roande of the Cup. On | Thursday, the 17tb, those sportsmen who do not oare to "go to the dogs" will put in an i appearanoe at Brighton Park, where the Grand Annual Champion Stakes of 150 sovereigns, and the Champion Gold Medal 1 for 1864, will be competed for under the auspices of the Melbourne Gun Club. The ' conditions are — Eleven birds eaob, 26 yards > rise, sruns limited to 12-gauge, use of both barrels, l£«z. shot, club rules, boundary, io. Nominations, with £2, must be lodged with the secretary, Mr. P. Levi, at the Prince of Wales Hotel, on or before Monday, 7th July, at 8 p.m. Acceptances, with £3, must be paid on or before Monday, 14th July, at 8 p.m. The committee reserve to themselves the power to refuse to accept any nominations they may deem fit. On the same day (Thursday) the second and third ties for the Waterloo Cup and first round of the Purse will be run off. Friday, the 18th, will see the final course for Cup, Puree, and Plate, and on Saturday, the 19th, the V.R.O. Grand National Meeting takes place. Altogether sporting men have their work carved out for the Waterloo Oup week, and sporting scribes will certainly not complain of lack of copy. I bate been asked to indicate the probable winner of the Victorian Club Tonruament now place at the Club's rooms. As the oompetittoD ia confined to members, I scarcely oonsider it of euffioient publio interest to vaticinate upon. However, I may state that, in my opinion, the trophy should be won by one of the following gwitlomcm MiuiWB. 8. GfimWOOd, 8. RsiOS bury, aud J Coleman, and Mr. J. Coleman may be the beat of the trio " at the weights." Acting under instructions from the execu tors of the late Mr. J. H'lvor, Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. disposed of the im ported American trotter, Oliver, to Mr. Kitchen, a New Zealand gentleman, at 75 guineas. It is understood that Oliver will be taken over to Maoriiand, where trotting is now a recognised sport. Tkb, who was purchased by Mr. George Stead, and despatobed to New Zealand six months back, has been hasdtcapped for the New Zealand Cup at 7st. 91b., which weight should certainly not trouble the winner of the Criterion and the Railway Stakes. Wel come Jack, of conree, has top weight (9st. lllb.), though Taeniae runs him close with Sat. 81b. A Caulfield correspondent suggests that the Spobtbxan should start a subscription list to assist the jockey Barton, who was so severely injured by the Daenna-Lesbia accident during the running for the Rich mond Handicap at Caulfield on Saturday. "We had already taken steps to receive any aid forthcoming for the unfortunate lad. when we learned that he was already insured against any accident ; and although we have reason to believe that the amount of the indemnity is not heavy, we have decided to wait until the ultimate outcome of the acci dent is known. On enquiring as to his con dition late last night, wc learned that he wae slightly better, and hopes are now enter tained as to his recovery. On Monday next the weights for the Melbourne Cup will be made public, and wagering on the big event will be much brisker. The weights for the V.R.C. Winter Races will also appear on Monday. Tub thoroughbred 6tre, Scamp, recently imported from England by Mr. Lopez, and afterwards purchased by Mr. John Lee, for fifteen hundred guineas, baa died of inflam mation. Scamp was formerly the property of Sir John Astley, and was the winner of many races at home. Tss weights for the Port Augusta Cup and Steeplechase appear in another column. i Out of the voluminous correspondence that has been going on for some time in our athletic columns over the respective merits of Scotchmen and Enttlisbmen as athletes, has arisen something which should lead to buei- I ness. A correspondent writes to say that during Donald Dinnie'e business visit to Sandhurst it is possible a wrestling match in the Cumberland and Cornish styles with 1 Dinnie and two looal wrestlers may be arranged. It is to be hoped this will prove true, as affording some practical experience of the prowess of Australian athletes against Old World visitors. It now appears that the Geelong Advertiser , was iu error in stating that the captain of ; the looal team had offered to withdraw two of bis men in the match against Eeendon, j when two of the latter team were disabled. Last week, on the supposition that the offer bad been made, we expressed our opinion of 1 tbe manly and sportsmanlike conduct which J declined to take advantage of an injured ! opponent, and we regret, for the sake of tbe ' good example, that the offer was not made. The fact, however, that it was not is proof that until the football rules are altered the lucky side will take full advantage of the fortunes of war. Tbe rule should be altered, aod that at once, as we pointed out. So loog as the present eyetem prevails every encouragement is given to those cowardly enough to take advantage of it to seriously injure an opponent against whom they may have a grudge, as, by so doing, they not only vent their own spite, bm assist their club by giving them one man less to play against. This should not be. Tine "Victorian Anglers' Club held their second fortnightly conversazione last Friday nightat theClub rooms, 57 Bourke-street east. Theohair was occupied by Mr. J. W. Dunster. The hon. secretary, Mr. Cummins, read a letter from the United States Fieh and Fisheries Oommiation, "Washington, making arrangement for the transportation to this colony of several thousands of eggs of (he wSite fish and land-looked salmon in October next. The letter had been received by the Ballarat Fieh Acclimatisation Society, who had courteously, through their hon. secre tary, Mr. J. S. Cooper, offered to ehare with the Victorian Anglers' Club iu the shipment, soliciting, in return, the hearty co- operation and support of the club in their protection. A commence of the various Angliog Clubs will take place on the 6th of August next, when it is expected that every district in (be colony where fieh are obtainable will be represented. It is reported that delegates will probably attend from some of the neigh bouring colonies. A deputation will WAit to-day (Wednesday) at noon on the boo. the Commissioner of Trades aDd Customs re the boundaries of tho mouth of the River Ysrra within which netting ehall be prohibited. The members forming tbe deputation will meet at the club rooms at eleven o'clock io discuss the matter prior to interviewing the Minister to whom they will be introduced by Mr.Zox, M.P. 