'OCCULTS ' ELECTRIC METEORSI To the Editor. — Sm, — In recent correspondences oh the probable cause cf our earth tremors the - — nature Of electricity, especially its appear- | ance in action lias been so clearly described that little more need be said to make the description as complete as it can . ; Q be given. Nevertheless, ' Occult ' seems to stick to his fancy that electricity in the atmosphere rushes about like a ghost or a gust of wind: Most gases being bad conductors for electricity, aqueous vapours must be the .. carriers of this mysterious force through i our atmosphere, and unless they are con- ^ derised into clouds, there is only very seldom a concentration of electricity in 3 the atmosphere observable, but as bag bepn said before, .whenever it, comes to force its own way through air, there is -f always spontaneous exhibition of light. , ' According to 'Occults' theory, meteors might therefore be formed during thunderstorms or auroras, but we have never heard of . such an occurence, rior have we ever noticed any - meteors when on several occasions we ; watched from high mountains the awful sight of lightning flashes striking in all directions upwards too, tram, clouds below us , on the contrary meteors are generally - ? i observed in clear frosty nights, when'the *1 electricity-carrying vapours are so scarce -''j that even the dim light of the milky BtraitB is; visible. , ~ -„:-q ,; 'Specialty bright meteors have -be8n;--'i seen striking into the ground, tchd ^'- metallic bodies of the size of a nut, a'fist, ^ and bigger still, have been dug out Now. if. an; electric spark had -struck *:?:- '- million of fine floating dust particles, ;--3 they would, 'rather than collecting inter one_ball, fall , separately. The circum- '^ Stances under which volcanic dnst-~is — thrown rip make it impossible for 'metallic particles . to remain ' uncombined _ with ' either Isulphur or oxygen ; such particles , are therefore non-magnetic. ' Meteors are always seen in a state of combustion, similar to thei burning 'of : r? metals- when introduced v red. hot into - oxygen. . This tends to prove that they f are formed outside our atmosphere, and.., , become heated through firiction with the latter^ . . ' '' ? ? The Istillriess' which generally fnevtiils in the air. ^vhen meteors -are seen, is ^ strong proof against ' Occult's ' theory, as the .. extremely sudden, cominbtibn , , which would 'iuiye to' occur 'in '''iba-' ' measurably large quantities of atmosphenP dust for the collation of several oiincasf', or pounds of metallic ore could not be': ieffected without an enormous vibration in, the air, even if it could take place withbut '' production of heat and light up to 'the formation pf the balL.: . r„r » Yours, etC:,r : . O.A.H. 