SPORTING NOTES. RACES TO COME. Moukt GAMBIER WINTER MEETIKG-July 9 and 10. . Weights, June 18. Acceptances, July 3, Night oi general entry, July 8. Dancer, nominated for the ^lounfc. Gam bier Steeplechase, should have read " D&ncer; (late Young Dancer)." The nomination is perfectly correct, as the name was not given in full in the hurry of copying. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club held a meeting on Saturday .on their course at Caul field. :The weather was beautifully fine, and as an attractive programme had been put forward there was a good attendance. The course was in fine order. Business com* menced with the Hurdlerace, for which eight started. Merri was the favorite. He won easily, Concord and Musidora getting second and third. Fickle won the Gold Cup as he pleased from his two solitary opponents, Black Jacket -and Gilderoy. The Ladies' Trophy'fell to The Ghost, who made an ex hibition of his 29 opponents; Primes was sepond and Duenna third. Stampede, Fickle, and Australian Court raced home in that order in the Open Steeplechase, twelve others starting. A good field contested the Rich mond Handicap, Black: Diamond, Primus, nod Lyons Lady gaining the. situation?! There is a splendid list of nominations for the steeplechase meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, to be held next month at Flemington. In the Hurdlcraces appear the names of several animals well known on the South-Eastern turf, viz., Star, Sir Patrick, The Ameer, and The Agent. Ringwood, the crack hurdleracer, and Malua have also been entered. Aslanbegoff is still being hunted with the Ballarat hounds. The little fellow jumps as well as ever. A meeting, convened by Messrs. Blackler and Ferry, was held last week, the object being to form a new club out of the Adelaide Racing Club. These gentlemen agree to give up their lease of the Park Lands if £7,000 is subscribed to pay off their liabili ties. The attendance was small, and the project was not enthusiastically received. The abolition of the totalisator has spoilt what at one time looked a real good thing, and I wish" the present lessees well out of it. Mr. Gordon, their present secretary, has re tired from that position. Racing affairs are very dull in Adelaide {'ust now, as might be expeoted after the two >ig meetings held last month. The truth is, two meetings within such a Bhort space are too much for a small city like Adelaide. Few country people care to attend the two ; consequently their patronage is divided, and the bulk of the money has to come out of the pockets of the Adelaide public. If one club only existed things would be different, for country people would probably make an annual affair of it. Things are different at Flemington on Cup day, where a large pro portion of those present are either visitors or country people. Anyhow, racing will never take the position it ought in Adelaide until an amalgamation is brought about. A rumour is current that the South Aus tralian Jockey Club has received a tempting offer for the Morphetville racecourse, to cut it qp into allotments. The Oxford football team have up to the present time played twenty-one matches this season, of which twenty have been won and one drawn, that against Gloucestershire. Their record shows that they have scored in all forty-seven goals and forty-six tries, and lost four goals and fonr tries. This is indeed a performance of which they have thoroughly good reason to be proud. W. J. Peall, who has worked his way into the front rank of English billiardists, has beaten all the records by scoring 1,000 in unprecedented time. He was playiDg a match of 1,000 up against the celebrated spot-striker, W. Mitchell, of Sheffield, the latter owing 100. Peall commenced with a break of 325 (106 spots), and his next break of consequence was 120. After minor con tributions he ran out with an unfinished break of 374, having scored the 1,000 while Mitchell made 26, and accomplished the feat in the wonderful time of 44 minutes, which is the fastest on record. In the evening, at a similar game, he beat Mitchell by 672 points, and made breaks of 164, 285, and 421 (137 spots). Mr. E. Weeks, who purchased TJmberto at the sale of Sir Thos. Elder's stud, has resold the colt, which goes into R. Batty's stable. Hanlan has received a challenge from W. Hearne, of Wellington, New Zealand, to row him for £200, Hearne agreeing to pay £50 towards the champion's expenses. Hanlan has accepted the challenge, gnd he will row Hearne as Boon after his contest with Beach as is convenient. Hearne has already de feated White-once champion of New Zea land-and C. Messenger, of Sydney. The Brisbane Regatta Committee having been unable to obtain the services of Trickett or Lay lock on the 28th inst., Hanlan has consented to row againBb William McClear, p. local celebrity. _ In a Bi$ days' walking tournament in Ame rica another record was cut. The gallant little Englishman Rowell, who had won on a previous occasion, was leading for more than half the journey, when he was taken ill and Fitzgerald passed him, and got a long lead. The Englishman rallied, and, struggling on with great gameness, managed to get second with a record of 602 miles, Fitzgerald being first with 610 miles, and Panchot third with 596 miles. First and second both beat the best previous record of 600 miles, which was accomplished by G. Hazael at the same grounds. $?r. ]?. Ifenty Jjas (s$ys ^.ug^r:') Ipased to Mr. S. G. Cook a couple of qolts that should prove valuable accessions to the Pytchley-lodge stable. One is. a yearling by St. Albans from Jewess, by Panic from May flower, who runs back to the imported mare Merino ?, the other is a two-year-old by The Ace from Firefly, by Firewotks from May flower. Mr. F. Henty, who is a member of the piopeer family of Yiptopi^, still rptaitis a few 'of the descendants' of the famous animals imported by his relatives oyer 50 years ago, and, as similar lines in Tasmania have niqked admirably with St. Albans, probably some of the youngsters bred at Merino Downs will revive memories of Mozart and other good animals that carried the Henty colours many years ago. The prepent igarj of B^ntry, whp uspd to race ipflpr the u^ine o| J|lr. Hftre, jias bppome a resident in New Zealand, havipg bought isome land and built a house in AMroo, near 'Canterbury. 