THE MINER'S PARTNER CHAPTER IH. — COKOLTJSI «. We need hardly atop to explain that Ben saw Miss Alhen on the day of his return ; but he was alarmed to see how unwell she looked. There was a dark, swollen look upon her eyes, which seemed to tell of weeDing or aleeDlessness. But she smiled when he spoke of it, and de clared she was quite well. Ben was only hall satisfied, and decided that she re quired a change, that her duties were too heavy for her, and therefore — as the new partner had come — she had better give in her notice to the school ; and he would arrange for their marriage, so that the desired change of air and the release from her duties would best once secured. This he determined should not be delayed ; he would begin the very next day by mentioning the matter to Mr. Showle. Like nearly everybody in business there, Mr Creelock dined at a hotel ; it saved trouble and saved the expense of servants ; the latter beiDg no trifling item in Cincinnati. On the day after his return, he weDt at mid-day to the Ocean Roust, bis favonrite hotel, to dine. He took his seat at bis sccnstomed table. The reader probably knows that it is the usual enstom in the States for the hotels to be furnished with a number of email tables, accommodating from two to four persons each ; and at one peculiar table in the Ocean House , Mr Ben was wont to seat himself. He took his usual place and began his dinner; as he did so, a stranger seated himself in the chair op posite to him. Ben glanced iovolnntaiily at the new- comer ; bat the tatter's head was tamed away, while speaking to ao attendant, so Ben did not see hie face. Being a matter of no consequence, he went on with bis dinner, and the stranger proceeded with bis meal. In a little time, Ben had occasion for a sauce cruet, and readied out his hand mechanically to where it had been a moment before. Tne bottle was gone ; bnt the stranger saw his movement, and with some indistinct syllables, poshed it towards him. Ben lifted bie head and parted hia lips t« thank him, the stranger smiling pleasantly as Ben moved. Bat not a sonnd proceeded from the lipe of the latter. Had he been struck dumb — had he gazed opon the head of the Gorgon, he could not have been more petrified bv amazement, by terror, by a chaos of un controllable emntiona ; for the man before him, separated only by the breadth of the narrow table— the man into whose eyes he was looking straight and close — the man who was smiling pleasantly in anticipation of hia thanks, was the man who had been his most implacable foe- was none other than the man whom be had last seen lying stark and apparently aead on the banks of a mining pool in Colorado — was Bnbe Steele 1 There was no donbt abont it ; there was no room for speculating upon a strong accidental resemblance. The man was Rube Steel, his partner at the mine, and no one else. 'I «ee yon have the New York Beacon there,' said the stranger, nodding, with Mother easy smile, to the jonrnal which Ben had been reading. 'Your own paper, 1 reckon, as they do not keep it on file here. I should be much obliged, stranger, by a sight of it.' Ben stretched his hand to the journal, and passed it to the speaker withont re moving his eyes from Ins face for an instant ; and with the slightest gesture or change of position on the part of the stranger, perpetually recurred thetfaought: Now he knows me ! Now for the plunge 1' Bnt the other moved not from his seat He took the paper with another easy emile and nod, then, first ying a few words about the great heat, »t once commenced its perusal. It was worse than any horrible dream or night-mare nnder which Ben had aver suffered. The certainty that this pleasant civil stranger was Robe Steele, became stronger and etronger, lor not only was hiB whole aspect and his s very feature sufficient proof of hia identity, bnt his voice alone would have been enough to convince Ben, had his fees been wholly ,.n\ tone and certain little Peculiarities in hia speech, of which eveiy fflsn has some — easily to be recognised py those who knew him welL although indescribable inthemsdveSereS; 3st as Ben bad beard and noticed them; hundreds qf times in days'.' gene by, in the voice land manner of Ids former part- "er Ah3 yet — and yet be eat opposite . , "a now. smiling amicabiy, ana jwit>h- Bo "far as Ben -conld «ee,'thefainte8t recognition of the man with whbtnfae had ea so long in dose intimacy— an inti- macy which had found its end in a deadly struggle. The meal was concluded leisurely, and apparently with complete satisfaction on the part of the etranger ; bnt Ben had been unable to swallow a mouthful from the moment he recognised him. Then Rube — if Rube it were — rose, nodded civilly, bade him 'good-evening,' as is the western fashion, after early morning is past, and left. By an enormous effort, Ben, on his return to the store, mastered himself sufficiently to avoid questioning on the part of kit. Showle, who neverthe less told him that he was looking some what scared. Ben turned the conversation from his looks, a diversion he was able to effect the more easily as Mr. Showle was par ticularly anxious for him to come round to hie house that evening to meet Mr. - Morede, the new " partner, who was cer tain to be there, and who was most desirous of seeing Mr. Creelock. ' He "wants,' concluded the old merchant, ' to hear all abont the West and the mines. I thought he had once been there faim- aelf ; but seems not, and he wants to hear all about them.' Ben returned a dubious answer. He conld not pledge himself to go to the merchant's bouse that night, as he really felt too nnwelL His nerves — articles of wbich he had not previously had tbe sligbest idea that he was the possessor — -had received encb a shock, that he felt he was not fit for general company — that the slightest incident would jar and up set them. He called at the house where. Miss Aiken boarded, to explain that he should not be at tbe merchant's that night for he knew she was going there ; and when he saw her, he was struck by the in creased baggardness of her aspect. 'Say, Ruth, what Is the matter ?' began . (en. If you have heard no bad news, and have nothing to upset yonr mind, it is time we bad Doctor Burt to see yon ; that is so.' Miss Aiken hesitated a moment and teen said : air. (Jreelock— well, Hen, then f— as the ex-miner made a gesture of impatience ; 'I have Indeed something on mv mind, which I ought to have told yon earlier, and which I see I had better tell now. — Nay ; do not look so alarmed. It is nothing which ought to give me pun, or yonrself, yet it does distress me. Shall I go on ' Go on 1' echoed Ben ; ' of coarse yon most go on. And yon know, Both, that if it is in the power of man or money to relieve you, I am tbe man — and ought to be the man — who will do it.' Miss Aiken smiled faintly, tben pro ceeded : ' I had thought to keep back the information until you had met the person, most concerned in it ; bnt as I learn now there will be another delay, and as the suspense is terrible to me, I will hesitate no loDger. Tbe new partner in Showle andBynnes — Mr. Morede — is my brother My half-brother I should say,' continued Ruth. ' I had hoped, until his arrival actually took place, that he would not come ; for he has been uncertain and un reliable all his life. But he has kept to fats purpose now, it seems. He has been the bane of oar family. His recklessness and extravagance brought down our home, from which, eventually, . his quarrelsome aod reveogefal spirit forced him to fly to save his life. I suffered as did my sisters ; and bnt tor the kindness of Mr. Bynnes, who was distantly akin to my mother, it would have been worse for ns. Very strangely, however, Mr. Bynnes never qnite lost his liking for Morede, and has, I believe, supplied part of tbe capital necessary to make him a partner here. But stranger mill, al though hie has reduced me, with the rest of the family, to poverty, I believe my brother, as we have always called him, is, in his way, really fond of ma Yet I dreaded hia presence here, as being cer tain in some sort to bring evil with it I cannot tell how, but I dread it Yet, now I have seen him, he appears changed. It may be that added years have given him reflection and steadiness ; yet I do not think it is that There is something utterly inexplicable in him, which of coarse no etranger conld sea . He is en tirely silent about his life of late yearn, although willing enongh to apeak of early . days at home. He bas heard me apeak of yon, and says he knows he shall like yon, and ia anxiooa to know yon. And all this is eo very different from what I remember of him," that I hope be is changed. ' ' Changed 1 Of comes be is, Ruth f exclaimed Ben. ' As they say in the old country, he has sown his wild-oats. Don't think that because a boy has once been bad, he is never to be good ; or once wild, that he will never be steady. I ..shall like him foe his own sake, and for yours too, Rath, I" am quite certain. I cannot see him to-night, for a reason I have ; bnt to-morrow I will meet him, and reckon. I shall have = gained a fresh- friend in Ruth's brother.' Never before had Ben from mental ex citement .passed a sleepless . night; his seasoned, -iron nerves had borne him through a multitude" of perils — from hostile Indians, from""' white. enemies; from the bear, the wolf, and snake ; from4 fire and flood ;"end when the time had come forfalm to" sleep, Tie slept soundly ; when hia rough tneals were prepared be ate welL- But it was different now. Tbe , recollection of the frice which confronted; hie own' at the res tan rant, haunted him, ; broke hie sleep into fitful dozing, and. filled these . aurefreshing snatches with terrible dreams. Yet, when the bright morning came, he persuaded himself that be must have bden mistaken— that he had exaggerated some chance resemblance into the indeatity of hie dead partner. . Ben's reflections touched upon what; was growinginto another dreadful form of mental excitement. He began to fear that-he had not seen the man at all, that it was merely a delusion, a virion of the brain.' . And that snch a delusion should take the form of Rube Steele was not sur prising, bearing in mind the Step, which wahnevferlOng absent from bis thoughts, that he had given this man » blow, which iftt hidaot as. be formerly supposed, caused the man's death, must hays very oearly done so. /Nodoubtthe . blow, was struck/in self-defence ; ;knt -even' tnarderin self- defence is not 'a . thing which' man can in bis calmer . momenta recaU without some sense of remorse. He was eaiidyat the hotel, and taking bis regular seat; waited / with . nervons anidriy, eaobM hebKS rarely experienced before, the appearance of the,>«tnugec.r Hefaad not laqg to wait Almost as eoon sa betaa ! seated -a'- figure- entered, the saloon which there wassiomiriatdng, and all Ben'e oansoktoiy theories as to a casual. resemblance deceiving him, fled on theioBtant. The stoop of the long body and neck, the' crafty glance fhb man threw around on entering, his very step — these were all Rube Steele's ; and to the dismay of Beo, the new-comer evidently glanced round the saloon in search of him, for the moment he Baw him, his face lighted np with a smile, and he came to the table. ' Glad to see yon again !' said he, ex tending a hand which a horrible fas cination compelled Ben to -seize . and shake ; bnt the familiarity of the tooch was -more horrible still." He felt — he knewfor a certainty, he had touched that hand a thousand times. ' I thought mebbe yon made this yonr regular dining location,' continued tbe other ; 'aod I-have kinder taken a fancy to yon.' ' In-deed !' gasped Bed, wondering as to what would come next. " Yes, I have ; that is so,' replied the stranger. ' I reckon you have wot been located in this city very long I' Not vety long,' said Ben, who had not once removed his - eyes -from the other's face. ' I came from the West — from the mining country. Possible!" ejaculated the stranger. ' Wat, now, I take a great interest in the. mining countries, and like to hear tell of them. Were yon from Calif orny, or Nevady, or' 'Prom Colorado,' gasped Ben, whoal- most began to fancy that he was losing bis senses, so certain was he that the man was Rube, and yet so inconsistent with this belief was the whole of his con versation, especially his liking for . Ben, and hie anxiety to hear of the mines. When they separated It was with an other shake of tbe hand, and a strongly .expressed hope on the part of theetranger that they might meet again the next day ' Either the critter is a ghost,' thought Ben — ' and in that case there are ghosts — or I am going crazy ; or he is Rube Steele ; and I know that is impossible. . I won't go to this hotel any more ; and soon as we get married, Ruth and I will live oat of the - city, and that ia a comfort.' Fortified by this reflection, he wasabletoi bear np somewhat better on this day, and to accept Mr. Showle's invitation with a calmer mind. He arrived early at the merchant's honse. Rath came in soon afterwards, and he was pleased to see that she, too, looked more cheerful. Rath had relieved her miad, as she con fessed to Ben, by telling him her trouble ; and now he knew it, she felt that the worst was over. It was to avoid her half-brother, she owned, that she had wished Ben to live so far from town, and as he had really arrived, he , was glad they had agreed upon this precaution. They were conversingcheerfnllyenoagb, when a knock was heard at the outer door, and Mr. Showle, rising, exclaimed : ' There is Morede ! I know his knock. Indeed he takes care we shall hear him. — I am sure yon will like him, Creelock, and he is very anxious to see yon. — Ah ! Mr. Morede ! yon are punctual, then 1 Come in, and let me introduce you to our friend Creelock.' Saying this, be shook hands with the new arrival, and led him to where Ben was standing. ' I think,' said Mr. Morede, as he took Ben's hand with a smile, 'I am not en tirely a Btranger to Mr. Creelock. I have had the pleasure of dining with him more than once at the Ocean House.' Yes, he had ; of coarse he had. Of coarse he was not a stranger to Ben — far from it, and Ben knew it well for here was his mysterious companion at dinner, the new partner in Showle and Bynnes, and Rnth'e half-brother, all taming oat to be not only one and the same person, ; but were also each and every one Rube Steele, his treacherous partner whom he had left for dead in Colorado ! And why did he not recognise Ben, as Ben had recognised him I Of all the strange features in tills bewildering matter, this 1 was the strangest. . Ben shook hands, as an automaton might have done, and spoke as though in ; a trance ; the jodd tqme-and character of his replies, and his fixed stare, evidently ! attracting the notice .ot Ruth and Mr. Showle. 'Come, Creelock P cried the latter ' presently ; yon are not youraelfto-night. ' Where are yonr mining stories and yonr prairie adventures f I have been- prais- ; ing yon all the time to oar friend Morede here, as a sort of live volume of entertain ment en these ma ttera, .and yon are 'not saying a word about them,' Mr. Showleis entirely right ; he is so,' said Morede ; ' and 1 reckon I shall be quite pleased to ait "around thidfatiff some- : thin' abont the western mines." I always do like to hear tell of them.' ' ' Do yon P /exclaimed" Ben, rooting:, himself in a species of desperation, and resolving to bring this horrible torture to a finish. 'Shall £ tell you/an adventare of my own V .'.Just 80,' retttrned -Mored with. s pleased smile, ' I should like it above" an wjiugt. \- 'Then/. said Ben-and his answering emile -was .of a Somewhat grimmer .char-1 acter.in spitaof himself, -than Morede's had bteh — then Jf (rUlteil"you how my pardner at the""-minM; .intrb3a(»d a stranger, who robbed me-of ""fifteen hun dred dollars. Jfaia, sti»nger/taume:/"I should tellynjaiifi. information- abont Indians on the war-path who'were likely to be around onr camp. But it was an arranged plot. He wae.Jt. jn papisms this etranger ; he or bis- frienda 'tubbed theplacers-and broke theetamp-mil. It was either him or my pardner who shot at mefrom a gnlly ; and the bullet went throngb jny hat and cat away ' some of my hair. : That was not the only time my pardner got his desperadoes to shoot at me ; so I will tell yon about him.' : Thereupon,1 stimalated'bythedesperate Impulse we have alluded to, Ben pro ceeded torejatem j»rfc pfthe plot-- which bad beenrfovised to-irie --rain -- by -bis crefty partner- the-ncideuts attendant bin wh ich greatly bxctted; and sometimes almost nppslied hie hearers, none among whom listened with morepalpahje interest ithan did Mr. ;Morede. Ben told all ' np to fihesptlOQ nfthe Vigilantes, bntTCopld not bring fumBelf-to epmk of the final pdBne £t thepbol;' therewastwrnethin too horrible in the/idea of describing Jlal to his listeners. ' -WhenBen had finished, which he ndid bj> raying, ' ' What >do ' you ihink of that, Mr. Morede T andfopfcjog Jiis new- psrtoer straight in the feimgihe f latter exdrimec|, /mi the most-gen nine manner possible : 'First- rate, Mr. Creelock! >I radmire. yon. J #raysuilW'ie'e6,t» andltrishl had bent there to help you In each a fix. 1 Bnt, to my thinking, yonr partner was the worse of the two. ' He was, said Ben drily. ' And he onght to have had his reward,' continued Morede. He had it, said Ben with increased dtyness. 'Good I Good 1 cried Morede ; and. other comments being made, the conver sation became general Morede bore his part all through the evening withont a single allnrion which conld indnce Ben to suppose he had the slightest remembrance of him, or had ever before heard a syllable relating to the dangerous stranger or the robberies. When they parted for the night too he was particularly demonstrative in his friendliness to Creelock, making qnite a ' smart oration,' as Mr/ Showle afterwards remarked, on the agreeable evening he bad passed, and the pleasure it would give him to be associated in business, end us he hoped, In still closer relationship with a man whom he admired and liked so much at first Bight as he -did Mr. Creelock. Ben went home after this speech in doubt as to wbetherit wasbim- -aelf or every one aronnd him that was going mad.' ' Day after day passed, and the new partners in the firm met frequently, with no diminution in the friendship which Mr. Morede had from the first professed for Ben. They did not meet at the hotel, however ; the strain on Ben's nerves was bad enough when they met as part of a group. A tele-A tete was more than he conld atand with a man whom he believed to have killed, bnt who was now walking abont as unconcernedly as though he had never been stretched by the tide of that Colorado DOol. So confounded had Ben been by the apparition, that he had never thought of asking the Christian name of Mr. Morede, and it came upon him as a new shock when he received a note from the ware house on eome business matters signed ? Reuben Morede, while he conld have Sworn to the handwriting in a conrt of justice. This did not increase his cer- taintly, for it could admit of no increase ; he uai certain, he conld not go beyond that ; bnt it seemed to make the position more dreadfal and complicated.- Now and then, too, he would find; if he turned round, Mr. Morede gazing fixedly upon him — an earnest gaze, as though he were striving to recall something" to his- memory ; and this was not agreeable to Creelock.. He asked Ruth, as guardedly as possible, abont her brother's past career ; but she knew nothing of it since he- had left home. He had gone West, ehe knew ; bnt he wonld not now utter a syllable in explanation, or even say how he had been employed. Ben could not press her very much opon the subject, as it was evi- deutly a painful one. His departure from home had been caused by some dis graceful, possibly fetal broil — that was clear ; so Ben forbade to question her. The day of his wedding drew nigh. Ruth bad left her school ; their home was so far advanced in its improvements that it wonld be qnite ready by the time they returned from their trip ; and then — to add still greater pleasnre and ficlat to the festivities — the gallant energetic old gentleman Mr. Bynnes paid a short -visit to Cincinnati. Like tbe restless "Yankee he was, he had already eold his new estate at a considerable profit.; so was now, at seventy years of age, looking out for eome fresh investment for his dollars, Bnd employment for bis time Re had seen Ben before leaving Cincin nati, and appeared . to like bim then ; and seeing him a little more at leisure now, ; he liked him mora The bluff, straight- forward, perhaps rough meaner, ' which Creelock conld never shake ofi£ seemed to pleaee the old man mightily, and he wee never eo happy as when in his company.Beii, with hie nightmare alwayp/tTppressing'him, had asked a little atkmt Reuben Morede, who he knew was a connection of Mr. Bynnes. But the latter was not communicative abont the new partner, although there was a tan talising hesitation in Iris manner, which made Ben think he conld a tale unfold, -i did he choose. Well, the wedding-day came ; and the simple ' ceremony performed in Mr. Showle'a drawing-room, made Ben and Ruth man and wife. Then came what answers to the wedding-breakfast of the Britisher, and this was «n a scale, for variety and display, to put ' the old country on its mettle, although it was only given by an American storekeeper. : After the first pert of the feast was over, Mr. Bynnes got Ben by himbelf aod in sisted upon having a final glass of cham pagne with him. ' I know yon have got nst the best wife in the States,' raid the old gentleman ; and yon are the kind of man to make e good husband, I can see. I feel "aa glad to see little Ruth Aiken happily settled, as if she waa a gal of my own — I do. After all these yearaj too, to think her brother ia going to clear up and quit Ida tricks 1 - I always liked the boy ; bnt .he has had some real bad ways; A VII MfrPU UIO BUUUU IUUIj JUtl AUWVli - 'Yes, I did,' raid Ben. Wal, I did not like to let ont agen him,' pnrsnedMr. Bynnes ; 'but it can't do hann now anyway, /that I can see. He has been .mining rin Colorado, and has . been np to some queer tricks there. He .was nigh killed fay" his partner— he was ; .that is so.' ' Nearly killed !' echoed Ben. Ah ! most oncommon nlgb/ eaid 'Mr. Bynnes. 'Also he 'was nigh upon lynched fay tbe "Yigilaotes. His partner found, but "that /he was— Rube was; I moan — piaying him falae, planning ; to rob unri pprfaaps murder him ; so it"' is : supposed from the mark on hia head that he hit him down with some blant instru- ment, .possibly a club, and (eft him for dead at the mine. - - He was'fonnd lying by some bf-the/ miners, wbo canied him to Heme City, and I heard aU about it from-the doctor who attonded 'him. It is a real extraordinary case. He recovered, as-youi see ; bnt hie membry-Zfrom "-5 certain time has ' entirely, gone. His boyish days he remembers qnite well ; but dbes -not apputr to 'hava ' tha legist Mtotfaat heww-webt totto mineior was ever injured. " //We have tried him In etoiy Tj/hut his nripd is' a .perfect blank.-, j3bange,ie it-hot 1'; . v ' Vwyetange,' eeeented Ben, who, we 'Hia brain islnj nredj . ho -doubt, toO: tinned" the elder ; ;for " hfe sktdl - was fractured.-: The t doctor «aaya it-is to ri>e hoped that, he!<imU'L"ii£ysr> poorer his go mad, 'ana'aqmhiB/; toore iimwMaf before he dies."- ulls'n riiriuijge case — Here; we are ! jost having a friendly drink at parting.' This was In reply to one or two of the party who came to interrnpt the lengthened gossip, and tbe confetence was broken up Often, daring his eastern trip, did Ben, recur; to the strange etory he had heard, and often did he debate with himself whether or not he ehould tell hia wife what: he had learned ; bnt he -thought it better on the whole to be silent. It was withia great feeling of relief, however, that he found, upon hia return to Cin cinnati, that Morede was absent, having just left to accompany Mr. Bynnes in his inspection of a properly In Colerado. In about a week after this time, Mr. Showle received a letter from Mr. Bynnes announcing the almost sadden death of Morede I ' And we had a bad time with him,! said the writer." ' Perhaps it was because we came to Colorado that he all at once got back his mind ; bnt whatso ever dt was, he woke one morning like a fiend or a wild Indian. He raved abont tbe mines, talked of horrible things he had idone ; arid the fellows here wonld tremble even now at Robe Steele's name ; and are nave found out that he, or some one like him, was known in these parte as Robe Steele, a year or two back. Tell I Mr. Creelock that 'he was frantic against him. He was sensible enongh in other things ; bnt he was always call ing (for Ids pistol, and vowed that he would shoot Ben Creelock on sight ! Told me that Ben was the man who had broken his akrill and had set the Vigil antes on hie friends. I tell yon, Abel Showle, it it was real frightful, and we were all glad when he died ; though my heart ached for him, when I recollected the > bright, clever boy be was; his mother's only son, too. But he is gone now; end bad as he may have been, I don't think he will tell Roth of hie later life, as be had caused her a deal of misery, and she didn't need to think any worse of him." The kindly, shrewd old merchant's aavice was iouowea ; ana uatn ureeiocx, although she did ' not .feign passionate grief for her half-brother who had so Injured all who ooght to have been dear to him, yet spoke of him with a softened feeling, which must have been '-changed had die known of the deadly enmity wbich once existed between the dead man and her hosband. 