Novelist LINDIGO, THE 'WHITE. WOMAN; OR THE HIGHLAND GIRL'S OAP. TIVITY AMONG AUSTRALIAN BLACKS A STORY OF THE AUSTRALIAN PIONEERS By ANGUS, McLEAN. 'AUTHOR of HARRY BLOOMFIELD CHAPTER XVIII. CHASING THE BUSHRANGERS CHARLIE STUART took up a large block of fine Land, which he stocked and formed into a slation, after which he went back to Sydney accompanied by Donald, in the expectation if meeting with Dolla, whom Mir. Mollay in. Iormed him by letter was on her way out and was daily expected. On his arrival he was greatly disappointed and alarmed, the essel not havyng arrived, although consider ably overdue. In the interval Donald and Mary were married, and as Charlie could not wait any longer, he was compelled to return to his station, taking with him Donald as overseer, and Mary as housekeeper. Mr. MlaKay pro. miaed to send word by special messenger as scon as the ship" arrived, but that happy event never occurred; for years passed away without any news concerning the missing vessel, which filled all parties with intense sorrow. Charlie was thus once more plunged into grief, and this time apparently without the least hope of enjoying the slightest hap piness. He blamed himself for encouraging Mr. McKay to send for his niece, and the encle took all the blame poon his own shonl ders, which preyed upon his mind, and ulti mately brought him to his grave. Mary (now Mre. Munro) shared in the uni versal grief at the loss of her young mistress, and named her first born after her. Onone of his trips to Sydney, Charlie be came acquainted with a very respectable and worthy family, named Forbes, the head of which was a brother to the Advocate of Bdln burgh, and one of the earliest and wealthiest equatters in the colony. Th'oeldest of the family, a young lady possessing many attrac. tions, was engaged to a gentleman by the name of Melville, who had lately arrived; he was possessed of considerable wealth, and was searching for stations, and on his return the nmrriage was to be celebrated. This Mr. Melville (whom Obarlio had not as yet seen) was also an acquaintance of the rfrbes' in Edinburgh, but -Charliobould not rcollect that name among the visitors at the Advocate's house, he therefore supposed that the acquaintanceship was formed after he About this time some of the inland districts were infested with a band of busirangers, under the leadership of a fearful desperado, known as COptain Melroseo, whose dopreda. tions outrivalled those of any gang In the Annals of olonial history, Not a week, or hardly a day, passed without bringing some hesh intelllgunce of outrages committed by Alarge reward was offered by government for their apprehension, but without effeot,and te audaelty and coolness with which their leader carried on his practices completely S ised all previous ats of bushranging. Aseturally of a captivating manner, and Oieaseed of .great personal attractions, he 'arivably succeeded in ingratiating himself n the estimation of unsuspecoting and res pectable society, representing himself as a man of fortune in search of slations. In this disguise he becamo possessed of in l0nmation regarding parties carrying cash and other valuables, and in some instances where valuable property hhd been dep6sited 0 seourity, which was soon pounced upon, She had his followars always on the alert. The mails wore constantly robbed, banks sad stores sansacked, prisoners were libe. rted, in fctl soolety seomed oompletely y pa elYs b accoulnt which day after Un"rlie, with his overaser Donald, had been pon business to Sydney, and on their return o'rey Passed through a township which Sthe previous nigit boon visited by the notlrioue Captain sdilrtao and his band, ear the following circumstances: The day before was the annual race day in ht town, when all the people in the sur. ou nding country met. Among others there 's a strange gentleman, who put up at the nePipal hotel; he visited the racecoureo, and Y his,? engaging manner and apparently, af "01'e oroemstanoes, had-attraoted the notice 0 many, among whom were the stowards, h? gave him a most cordial invitation to the ' which took placo thie evening following. Ienording toto uto the elit of. the;dis ale attended the ball, ad the stranger, who etinld tile confdence of all present by:his grite manly behaviour, became.a great favo The night boing warm anidthe room rather laoe, Captain f olrose sought the cool air about one o'olook in the morning. Alter beig bsent for a short time, e returned, to o consternation of all nresent, and was Ltl. o.wedby a band of armd men; he then com sikded everyone present to bail sp on one afra of the room, his men presenting their ars at the time at them. He then ad. oned them, saying: "Ladies and gentleo mue I am truly sorry to interrupt your iment for a shnrt time in saucha man. 1r, and also for treating your kindnese to. "tr d m in auoh an. noallant way, but you Wisl_ think that C'aptaln Melrose could not lthor 'tnd such display of jowellory and eoaluables while ho and his bravo band were in need ; I have therefore respeootfully to command that each and every individual present will at once hand over his or her valuables to my lieutenant, Mr. Williams, and to do so without any hesitation or mur murmur, or I shall be compelled 'to adopt more, unpleasant measures." Thu very name, " Captain Melrose," filled the audience with terror. Ladies unhesil Latingly handed over their ornaments, and gentlemen gave up their wealth. Having obtained possession of all that was valuable to them, the party then helped themselves to the refreshments on the side table, and then took their leave, the leader taking a polite farewell of the assembly, and wishing.that they might continue their enjoyment as no. more interruption would take place from him or his party. , It was on this morning of exaitment thiat Oharlio and his overseer arrived at the scene of the outrage, and heard with indignation the unequalled effrontery and unfeeling con duct of the notorious Melrose and his gang. elMany'of the ladies were still suffering from the fright they received. A local paper gave a full account of the robbery, and a list and description of the articles stolen, with re wards offered for each; messengers were dispatched to the various police stations, and a number of . volunteers enrolled themselves for the pursuit of the gang. Charlie and Donald resolved upon searoh ing carefully on their way for' the perpetra tors. After leaving the township they obtained some clue as to where the band separated, evidently to baflle pursuers; they found that two'of the party had taken the very road that Charlie and Donald had to go, and a'rapid pursuit was instantly' com menced. After riding for a considerable distance on the tracks oelthe busbrangers, they arrived at aross roads, when they heard aries 'of distress'proseeding from the bush. lading rapidly in the direction of the cries, they found a lady and gentleman,tied to separate trees. The unfortunate victims were a squatter named Ramsey and his wife, who had been riding in their carriage, when they were met by two well-mounted bush rangers, who robbed them of their money, tied them as described, and drove off in their carriage. ' On being liberated; Mr. anmsney begged of his liberators to follow them at once, while he and his wife wouldowalk to the nearest police station, and lodge the information. This advice was instantly adopted, Charllo and Munro renewing the pursuit, but this time with more case and rapidity, as the wheel tracks were quite visible despite the taotics employed by the driver in keeping the hardest part of the road in order to leave no traces behind. However, nothing could baffle the eager pursuers, who traced them to a small village, where the trafflo obliterated the impression of the wheels. On enquiring at different places, the only carriage that had been seen was one which conveyed the clergyman to Mr. Forbes' station on some pressing business. This somewhat puzzled Charlie, as he did not think a poor clergy man was a likely subject for a bushranger. While considering what course he should pursue, Donald came in hurriedly, telling him that he had discovered the tracks; and-which evidently led to .Mr.Fobaes'. :. ::. o.a (htuuoll-htc gdl 4lliegIo',Hr., FPertin, they started forthwithhnnp(-to'tho'rarrivan they saw a oerritgo in friot oftthe'~'iioi:' Donald led the horses to the otable,' hile Oharlie entered the house, where Mr. Forbes met him very cheerfully, and introduced him to the clergyman, being the only person in the room besides themselves. Mr.? Forbee then said-" I am extremely glad to see you, Mr. Stuart, and you have arrived just in time to share our happiness. You arc already aware that my eldestdaughter has been for some time engaged to Mr. Melville, whom, I believe, you have not seen, as he has been travelling in quest of stations. He has arrived, but did not succeed in finding anything to suit him, and is resolved upon proceeding at once to Port Phillip. He has sent on a large number of sheep and cattle, and came a few minutes ago, accompanied by our own worthy pastor, for the purpose of celebrating the marriage at once, and will start off immediately after with his bride. Indeed, the proposition at first took us all by surprise, and I did not like the idea of parting with my daughter at so short a notice, but, as the young couple were un willing to delay, I was forced to yield. Imay also add that Mr. Melville proves hitiself worthy of my daughter, and a very eligible match in every respect, if we may judge by the valuable presents he has made to every member of my family. You may hear the applause and noise in the next room, which is caused solely by his bounty." \- The last remark was correct, for each mem. bher of the family came rushing into the room, exhibiting his or her rich and glittering t.easuro. The dinner was now ready, after which the ceremony was to take place, and each one took his seat at the table. The last that had entered the room was the bridegroom, leading his intended bride. Mr. Forbes instantly stopped forward, and introduced his future son.in-law to Mr. Stuart, but great surprise was experienced by the whole family at the two gentlemen as they approached each other suddenly stop ping, when both turned deadly pale, were un able to give utterance to a single syllable, and stared sternly in each other's face. The bridegroom was the first to recover himself; then, bowing stiffly, he took his seat beside Miss Forbes at the table. Obharli took his place immediately opposite, when all the speotators, particularly the host, con cluded that Charlie Stuart, by. his singular conduct, had, at one time, been a rival of Mr. Melville. During dinner Mr. Forbes, in theoourse of conversation, inquirede o Charlie as towhbat was the principal news down the country, when the latter gave some account of the daring boutrages of the bushrangers, handing a copy of the newspaper containing an account ofl the stlcking-up case at the Bace Ball. The host read aloud the articla in question, which contained a full account of Captain Melrose's atrocities. The bride, who naturally felt for the unfeeling conduot, turned her face towards her lover,.and exclaimed, "Did you over hear of such an unfeeling monster ?" Melrose, who eat with his head bont for ward, made no reply, but turned pale, and soowled with unnatural feroolty not peculiar to him, which sent a thrill of terror through her frame. Mr. Forbes nowcanme to that portion which contained a description of the articles stolen, wien the description of one remark able and costly pair of bracelets attracted the bride's attention; she unconsoiously dropped her eyes on those sho was wearing, and which had been presentod to her by her lover'only a short time before; and which exactly corres ponded with the description her father read. A strange feeling seized her, and upon raising her eyes to Charllo, she caw him staring with eyes full of indignation and dis trust at her scowling lover; springing to her feet she made an attempt to approach the open Freonoh window, but in passing,round her father's chair, she fell with a scream in sensible on the floor. Charlie who was the quickest flew to her assistance, raised her, and, in entrusting her to the care and attention of her father, said. "Take your much.injured daughter; your would-be son.in-law is no other than Captain Melrose the Bushranger," then.rushcd from the apartment after him, he having made his escapo amid the confusion. l On coming out of the house, Charlie met SMunro with the horses ready, who; on seeing his master, understood the cause of his haste; and exclaimed, ! There they go,' pointing at the same tinie to the two horsemen in full gallop making towards the forest. Letus mount add after them, replied Oharlie, when both vaulted in their saddles, and driving their spors into their horses' sides, flewjafter the fugitives. CHAPTER XIX. rHe CAUTURE. iT oftenocourred to Charlie, as well as Donald, that Captain Melroseoftbuhrangingnotoriaty was identical with Melrose of-Edinburgh and London repto, but itneover occurred to-thm tbhat Wijlliatms,. hiilieutewant vas:boealtt' aecusoer,,and who was the cdaii of his trais. portation.L ' : . Donald's recognition of him was instanta; neonus notwithetanding William's altered ap. pearance ; for, on'going to the stable with the honres, he heard Williamo conversing with the groom, and saw the haste he was in in preparing the horses for a start as soon as the marriage ceremony was over;. he therefore concluded that all was not right, and without making himself known, watched Williams' movements, and on the same plea of hurry to start, had his horses ready also. Williams, who was on the alert, evidently expecting the pursuit, never went within doors, but watched every direction, leading the horses about, while the darriago'wae being got ready. On Donald leading his horses from the stable ready saddled, he saw Melrose rush from the house; on coming up to Williams, he said, '!Mount and he off, we are sold," when both started off at full speed; but their former bush tactics were of no avail to them this time, for notwithstanding their twisting and turning, clearing logs and creeks, they could not shake off their intrepid pursuers. The chaeo now bsonmo exciting in the ex treme, each horseman was employing all his skill, and was straining his horse to its ut most speed, but it soon became evident that the bushrangers were overmatched, as their pursuers were gaining upon them every mo ment, when coming upon some open ground, IMelrose wheeled round, exclaiming with a fearful oath--" We'll fight them, Williams, there are only two against two ;" he then fired at hbarlip, who was nearest to him, the ball penetrating Charlie's hat. Before he had-time to draw his second pis tol, Oharlieo shot his horse through the heart, wishing to take Melrose alive, who, on coming to earth with his horse, got entrapped, having one log fast under the carcase. Charlie sprang from his saddle to disarm him, but on approaching him, received the other charge in the left side, which made him stagger, but the ball fortunately glanced off his powder flask, which he carried in the breast pocket of his coat. "Shoot me, you villain, you have a charmed life," roared the disappointed bushranger ; but his captor re. insed the demand, and secured him on the spot. - . 'The combat between the other two did not last so long, for on exchanging shots, Wil lianis fell wounded, and became an easy cap tive to his active antagonist. SA party of troopere who were scouring the 'neighborhood, through the inforrihion of Mr.o ltnmsey,Twore' attga etdby-thd firlis'id inade for the spot; whdn.tho thbushrangerswere liiohdea over to their charge. On Charlie's return to Mr. Forbes', a scene presented itself which was heartrending to b-e. hold. Miss Forbeos, who a short time before was in the height of happiness, was now the picture of despair as she lay upon her couch. The family, who had been congratulating her so recently, were now bewailing her approach ing end in the noontide of her youth and beauty, and heaping execrations on the head of the destroyer of their peace. The clergy, man, who had come to solemnise her mar riage, was now engaged in administering to her dying moments. On seeing Charlie return, she feebly beckoned to im ; when he approached her, she whispered in his ear, " You have not taken taken his life?" Charlietold her that he had not, but that he had seeured.him. She then replied-" Thanks, I shall now die happy. I feared that you, above all others, should stain your hands with his blood, since you were the saviour of our family from disgrace; but; alas I you were unable to save my life, which is as well, I hope. Farewell, may your life be longer and happier than mine." She then called around her the weeping family, and after an affeooting adieu, breathed her last. The excitement manifested on the appre hension and trial of the bushrangers had never been equalled in the colony. Crowds of spectators flocked from all parts to cheer and congratulate the brave captors and their deliverers from such a scourge, while execra tions were heaped on the heads of the morci less malefactors. The court was crowded to suffocation, while a large number who could not obtain admission, awaited with great aonxiety the issue of the trial. A number of witnesses from all parts appeared to identify the pri soners, and to connect them with the several robberies committed by the band; but she extraordinary skill exhibited by' Melrose in cross-examining the witnesses threatened to defeat the ends of justice,.were it not for Charlie Stuart's knowledge of his previous character. The appeal which DM1elrose made to, the jury in defending his own ease, had never been equalled for forensic eloquence in a colonial court of justice. The effect of this was, that many who had hailed his approach ing doom were now moved to pity him. The judge, however, partly dispelled the effects of this extraordinary oration, by telling the jury that their duty was simple justice, and that they were not to be influenced by the.talent displayed by the prisoner; which, :instead of improving his case, would only aggravate it, if they considered.that the charges brought against him were proved. The jury at once found both guilty, and sentence of death was passed upon them, on hearing which, Meolrose exclaimed-" The gallows is not erected, neither is the rope manufactured which will hang me." This was, indeed, true, for the next morn ing he was found dead in his cell, having strangled himself with his necktie. The following was found, written upon the wall of the cell:-" Charlie Stuart, nor any other person, shall have the satisfaction of seeing me swing. They will find me with a smile of contempt upon my lips. The fates have been against me, being twice crossed in love by my conquoeror. After being deprived of'' oneI never thought that he would pro; sent hlmself and prove a stlimbling-bloek in Smy way of gaining the second, whom I truly loved, but who is now;' through me, no Smore." OHAPTEI XX. XOIOCHARLIE DISCOVEBS N?W OOUNTRY. The affecting and trying incidents which had followed each other, in such rapid sue cession during the last few years, were sufll oient to overwhelm even a stronger mind than Oharlio's, and they had such an in fluence on him that the monotonous bush life he now followed was insufficient to cradi. cato its effects. The first of those reverses was the unavoid able desertion of his country, leaving all that was near and dear to him behind; then came his shlpwreok, and the singular manner in which he was-saved; then followod the loss of the noblo-horrted Pamul, with the mourn. ful cause of her deathli; then folrose's strange and terrible fate, added to his troubled mind, and kept open the wounds which the loss of Buella bad caused. This last terrible blow came, too, at the very.moment when his I whole mind was filled with joy at the hope of every moment expocting to hoarof her arrival, when his happiness would be complete. In order to bear up under these :hopeless reminiscences, and to banish thema entirely from his mind, he resolvedupon putting into execution a project whichl had for some time nooupied his attention. -This long.cherished idea was no less than to attempt to explore some parts of the yet unknown interior of Australia. 'The discovery of Australia Felix, and the many exploits of Sir Thomas l\Mitchell;-had enltindled' within him this idea. Appointing ormn ferfor his Stationl , ho, 'ttSn--e l?bly Doun ald, started to te mosot ihland station, which was at the foot of the Australian Alps, resolving, if possible, to cross that hitherto impenetrable barrier, being under the impression that some good country lay between them and the coast. On arriving at the station he heard from the aborigines that some fine plains and'rivers were'beyond the mountains, stretching out towards the ocean; bat as no great reliance' could be placed on the' accounts n given by no.a tives, nro one as yet had undertaken the journey. Oharlie could find but one among the whole tribe in whom he could trust for guidance across. This was a atrpng and in. telligent fellow named Quandak, ahd who, ac cording to his own' report, had once been on a warlike expedition 'against the Warrigal tribe, as he called the natives of that dis trict. As the mountains which they I ad to cross were inaccessible for a heavily eciqppod party, Oharlie resolved upon proceeding, accom panied only by Donald and Quan lsk, taking pack-horses to carry a supply of provisions. After a great deal of fatigue and hardship, the passage across was succssfeilly accom plished. 1 On crossing the last of the eminences, a sight burst upon their view which repaid them for all the difficulty they h?d endured. Underneath them, and stretching dut towards the sea as far as the eye, aided bj the glass, could reach, lay beautiful plains fringed with strips of forest, intersected by rive s rising in the Alps and discharging themsel?es into the The hbarming scene reminde them of their native land, and filled them) with such pleasant thoughts as they had not experienced since they left home. The remainder of the journey vas passed with light-hearteneess and speed, as they travelled over extensive meadows never before seen by Europeans. In their rambles they suddenly came upon a small encanopment of natives, who manifested great surprise at their appearance. A number of them gath ered around Charlie, feeling him and hid horse; but on seeing them dismount they rushed off in great terror, leaving all their effects behind them. The small supply of provisions they had taken would not allow them to remain long; they therefore made a hasty return to.the settled distrits, 'highly gratified with their explorations. SOn hisreturn, Olarlie disposed of hise et, itor and started ofi again to.the new country taking wilih"iim ii ; li'serl ofTliersrvants, and all reqdisites. to form'asettleiient. HE lied tho expedition himaelf, leaving Donald to follow with the stook.. Being the-middle of summer theo cattle were taken safely acroess the mountains, and the party took possession of the best part of the plains and water. courses. - Unable to procure bark for covering in the huildings until the wet season set in, they erected a building, which, although unroofed, would serve as a stookade.ar protection from the attacks of the natives,, should they show any hostile disposition. One evening, after coming home, and while hobbling their horses, a doctor, who aceom. panied the expedition, strolled a little dis. lance from the stockade. Being unarmed, the natives, who were in the vicinity, took advantage of his unprotected state and en. deavored to seize him. He fortunately, how. ever, perceived them in time, and testing his legs to the utmost of their power, arrived at the stockade and reported the ease. The party, on seeing the intended attack of the natives, took shelter within the building, barring the entrance, and than discovered that the affrighted medico had eneeonced himsalf nndrernnth a ile of bed olothen. The disappointed besiegers, who now sur rounded the place in force, were at a loss to know how to attack it, seeing no aperture through which they could drive their spears. However, their leader soon devised a plan which threatened destruction to all within the place, as they could not fire upon their antagonists. The plan which the besiegers adopted was to throw their spears into the air; this they did with such exactness that they fell inside the building, and but for the activity of the besieged,- their destruction would have been complete. Charlie, annoyed at not being able to re taliate, after a careful search found a small aperture between two slabs, in which he managed to place the muzzle of his rifle, and on taking aim, beheld the very object he wanted. This was the leader ot the party, who was encouraging his men with a joyful countenance. Aware that the fall of their leader would disperse the enemy, Charlie fired, and, as he expected, brought him to earth,'vhich produced the desired effect. An amusing incident took place on Charlie and his party leaving the stockade. An Hibernian, who filled the office of cook, and who was known by the name of " Doughboy," seemed more curious in his examination of the dead body,. exclaimed in true Irish brogue :--"By the hole in rjt coat maether, but it's a miighty polite or decateful rifle that of yours; instead of sending the ball bouldly in the face of the black, be dad it sent it round his head, and popped in at his pole." This remarkthe partyfoundon examination to have some foundation, for the only wound to be found was in his poll, although they knew the savage was facing them when shot. This mystery was coon solved, for they found the ball had entered his mouth. .Nothing of any importance happened to Donald while travelling up with the stock savo one, and which we will here relate, as it gave an opportunity for him to gratify his propensity of playing tricks. cOne evening, ust as the party had com.' pleted arrangements for their'encampment, they,saw something which was a novelty in the bush; it was a rider dressed in black, with a regular English'. hat (a boll-topper) "on, mounted on a black horse, and' malting towards the encampment. On drawing near, Donald at ones'identified him as the man who officiated as clergyman on the stations, and was well. known by the name of Parson Croaker, but who had been expelled from holy orders on 'account ot his eccentric and unchristian 'peculiarities, and who was now on his way to Port Phillip in order to im prove his circumstances. Donald, who had already played some tricks upon the cx minister, was not recognised, nor did he wish it, hespitably received the traveller, giving him shelter and accommodation, as no station or place of refuge was near. At the time of retiring for the night, a dimculty presented itself to the parson which had been overlooked until the' last moment. This was how to seeroe his horse, being naturally of a restless disposition' and apt to break away, especially as there were horses belonging to the party feeding about, he was hfraid that they might entice him away and leave his master in the bush. This was, however, got over. by a proposi. tion made by Donald, and towhiah the parson agreed, which was to the following effect: that on lying down for'the night before the fire, according to bush'o ustom, the parson was to, fasten the end of hisi horse's tether round his own leg; then, should the animal possess any inclination to stray, his owner would have full and ample warning. In con. formity with this suggestion, the parson and Donald stretched themselves on the earth, placing their saddles under. their heads, having their feet towvards the large fire,which. was constanitly replenished by the man on watch.' The'ex-minister fastened his home's tother to his leg, and considering that all was His long and weary ride, together with this being the first time he had slept' on such a hard bed, caused him to have fearful dreams. ` Donald, who expected to have some amuse ment from his invention, never closed his eyes, when at last the horses belonging to them came round; on -seeing them the stranger's horse made one bound towards them, dragging the unfortunate parson through the fire. Donald was somewhat alarmed at the scene, and was unable for a short time to arrest the animal or liberate his visitor, who, after all, got off with merely having his clothes and hair singed. . The parson took some little tinde to be convinced that he was still in the land of the living. The task of forming the` new station, and of holding possession against the attacks of savages, now devolved upon Charlie, and many skirmishes took place between his men and the aborigines, who appeared determined to drive the whitoe-fellows from their hunting ground. Every day fresh tracts of splendid country were discovered, and many places he took great pleasure in naming after favorite spots in his own country. Many settlers followed in his track, and took possession of the vast plains and pas tures, which soon formed a strong party to resist the savages. Charlie had by this time built a pleasure boat, in which he made many excursions among the lakes, accompanied by some of the neighboring settlers and Donald. The first of these took place one beautifully calm day, when Donald, having his bagpipes with him, was desired by his master to play the old favorite pibroch, an air which he had ab stained from playing over since the loss of Bella, lest it might awaken sad thoughts in the mind of Charlie. As the rowers measured their time with the thriliing strain, and as the hoat glided loi aurely round one of the picturesque islets, Charlie, who was seated at the helm, became overwhelmed with mournful thoughts, which were awakened by the 'favorite pibroch, and the surrounding scenery, which forcibly ro minded him of happier days. In order to hide his grief from his com panions,, he turned round and directed his gaze towards the islet ' they were slowly passing. SWhile his eyes were fixed on the Islet; his thoughts. carried hhi? bnok to the scene' at the Bridge of Linn, when he he heard.Ahis idstBella's endearing appeal on that miemarl '.ablc morningcalling to him-when,"hark 1l me," struck hib ears above the strains'.of the niuaio. With one bound he sprung 'up,-and rishing to the bows, pulled the chanter from Donald's lips, and with looks of strange wild ness, exclaimed, "Did you not hear her ?" The bewildered company; who concluded that he was under a delusion, asked for an explanation,.when he replied," I am certain it was her voice." One of the party now in formed them that he saw a blankfellow carry ing a female in his arms into the scrub on the island opposite, and that she seemed to resist him by screaming out, which was pro bably what Charlie had heard, and, mixed with the sound of the music, took it for the voice of some acquaintance. The rest of the company coincided in this supposition, adding that if he had been thinking of some one at the time, the force of imagination would construe the voice of the Warrigal female into what-he fancied he heard. This argument tranquilised hismind a little, still the sound and the words, with the never-to.be-forgotten voice, was too real to be erased from his memory or mistaken, and nothing but the improbability of Bella being alive could allay or satisfy his mind, nor could he shake off the strange impression caused by the occurrence. Another strange circumstance happened at this time, which enveloped him still deeper in the mystery by which he was surrounded. One evening, while sitting in his room after the labors cf the day, Donald, who had been on his usual rounds among the shepherds, entered breathless, with a countenance which bespoke terror and hesitation, when his master addressed him as ollows: "Well, Donald, everything all right among the shepherds? No more attacks of the Warrigals, I hope ? Why, you look as though you had seen a ghost." "To tell the truth, sir," said Donald," if it was not a ghost I saw, I certainly saw some thing approaching it. But before I proceed any further, I wish to ask a question, which I trust you will answer." "Certainly, Donald, out with it," said Charlie. " Well, then," continued Donald, "I wish to know whether you are (as I have heard) a descendant of the Meoble family ?" " Undoubtedly I am, Donald, I hope you have not seen the Oa Glar," replied Charlie. " I'm sorry to say that I think I have," said Donald; "as I was riding across the plain, just now, my horse began to prick up his ears, and look behind him. It struck me first that the blacks were after me, but, on looking round, I" saw a dlog'following me. Thinking it was a dingo, I slackened my pace and drew my pistol to have a shot at him. He then came up to me, when I beheld in the place of a wild dog a large, grey stag hound, the very picture of poor Bran you left at home, stood before me. Being positive that no such animal was to be found in this colony, and according to the description of the C~u Glas, I instantly bethought myself .that you were a relation of the Meoble family, and that he had followed you to Australia. After sniffing at me for a few seconds, he gave• a whine, andloft me." "A rather long journey he must have had, Donald. I thought you had left all your superstition on the other side of the line,' re plied Charlie, smiling at his servant's tenacity to Highland superstition. As some of my roadors may be ignorant of the' meaning of the Cs Glas, Mhieobail or Meoble's grey dog, I would just say that an ancient impression existed among the High landers that a sort of follower, or Wthich, was connected with every old family, which, on certain special occasions, ;made itself visible--such as before a death, or any im portant event taking place, or ocourring to a member or descendant of the family. Each family had its own tuhich, in the shape of an animal; hence the Meoble had its Cu Glas, or large grey staghoneuud. Although Charlie did makelightof Donald's Cu Glues at the time, he had in a few days proofs of its existence. A party of settlers had formed themselves for the purpose of driving from the neighbor hood a tribe of troublesome natives, who were slaughtering the cattle, and harassing the shepherds. After ensouring the surrounding woods without falling in with the Warrigals, they, on their return, came upon a herd of kangaroos, among which was a white one a great rarity in the colony-alter which the' whole party with their dogs gave chase. The animal flew at a tremendous speed to. wards a steep-binked creek that intersected the plains; near which stood isa lump of sdrub;" but, on his approaching it, a large grey staghound Rprung out, causing the kan garoo to face the creek, whichhe cleared at a bound. The strange dog followed his example, and in a short time overtook 'hi proy, which was despatched on. the spot; the dog then trotted off towards the forest on the opposite side of the plains. The astonished equestrians and -their out. mritched dogs, on coming'to the creek, were obliged to pull up, not being able to elear it. s Charlie ltuart, who was ainong theleading hioraemon, gazed, with astonishment: at the 'Donald 'drew up. to his master's'side, .snd whispered in his ear, " I suppose you vill'bou. 'lieve your own eyes, and me now; -' Charlie turned sharply round,' and replied, "If Bran exists, that is him." ' ' No Ino I" added Donald, dubiously, "the Ca Glaie and no other." , . .(To.be Contismied.): 