CHRISTMAS EVE. A CHRISTMAS STORY. CHAPTER I. By A. L. S. The busy day, with its new-born troubles, its unexpected pleasures, its daily cares, and deeds of grace or guilt, was ended, and the short and early twilight that precedes the long winter night came softly upon the world. From early dawn snow had fallen heavily, and now in the chill eventide the great city, in its pure, new Christmas garment, caught on its glistening roofs and lofty steeples the radiant sunset colours, and reflected them in faint prismatic hues. The great Christian festival, heralded by the solemn Advent days, was now at hand, and already the sober, penitential aspect was relieved by signs and emblems of the instinctive joy which glows in every heart at Christmas time. But as in every place where mankind gather together and find homes they cannot escape the natural attendants on their humanity, want and sorrow, so there are always those to whom joy never comes, naught at best but the comparative lightening of some heavy burden. In one of the poorest and most repulsive streets which, lying little more than a stone's-throw from some grand and magnificent thoroughfare, afford to the moraliser his text, and the seeking apostle a fruitful field of labour, there stood a large and gloomy house. Its imposing height and capacious breadth, as well as the materials of which it was composed, showed that at one time it had been inhabited by the rich; but Fashion, having tarried there awhile, had taken up her onward march, and the stately mansion was abandoned to the poor. The massive entrance door opened upon a dimly lighted hall, which stretched its shadowy length to what seemed an interminable distance. Wide flights of creaking stairs led to long corridors, past lofty rooms where often the youth and beauty of a former generation had gathered to enjoy the pleasures summoned by wealth, but now filled by squalid poverty. In a large room on the topmost flight, before a dying fire, there sat a woman wrapped in deep thought. The panes of the window near her were stained to deep crimson by the reflected sunset, which fell in great squares of light upon the bare white floor. The rest of the apartment lay in deep shadow, and the silence was only broken by the solemn ticking of a large old clook which stood alone on the wide mantel above the hearth. At length the fire, which had long been tending to its fall, rumbled downwards in the grate, and the noise aronsed the woman from her reverie. For a moment she regarded the sinking fire, but without making the slightest effort to replenish it. Then she rose, and walking to the window, gased out upon the squalid surroundings, over which the gathering twilight was fast weaving a kindly veil. Soon quitting her position, she lit a candle and proceeded to draw out a common dead table, upon which she spread a cloth, and arranged eating utensils. Then, resuming her post before the dead fire, she was soon lost in thought. The gloom which hung around the apartment was increased by the feeble, flickering candle-light; for time—inveterate enemy of man and his possessions—had in many places laid his despoiling hand on the building, and through the chinks he had riven the rushing winter wind blew its cold breath and bent the tiny flame at will, in whose uncertain glimmer great forms of shadow seemed to glide through the apartment and then vanish into the increasing darkness. At last the sound of a distant door slammed to roused the woman a second time. She rose and went over to the supper-table, where she apparently busied herself arranging the articles upon it, but listened attentively for footsteps, which soon became audible, faintly at first, but growing more distinct, until they sounded just outside the door; then a groping for the handle, and the door was flung open and a man entered. Without the slightest salutation he crossed the room to the fireplace. " Why isn't there any fire, Pauline ?" he inquired, not roughly, but in a sort of unsteady voice. “ I have no coal," she answered, quietly, " nor money to buy any." " Nor any supper either, I suppose " he returned, in the same unsteady tone. "Nothing much," she answered. " I did not suppose you would be home, and as I did not feel hungry; I thought I would keep the money for to-morrow.” "Never mind to-morrow," answered her husband ; we can’t starve to-night for our dinner to-morrow. You go and get something for supper. and afterwards I'll go out and get what will give us a dinner fit for Christmas. And see here, Pauline," he added, as she was preparing to go, "don't be longer than you can help, for I'm devilish hungry." Secretly wondering at his magnificent promises, but not daring to dispute his commands, she departed on her errand. During her absence he descended to the "lower regions," and soon returned with an armful of wood and a small basket of coal. With these materials he soon kindled a cheerful fire, and, seating himself before it, drew from his pocket a bottle and took a long drink, a process he repeated several times before his wife's return. Finally, hearing her approach, he secreted the flask, and was bending forward, with his hands outstretched to the cheerful blaze, when she entered. Walking to the table she laid upon it several small parcels, then, removing her out-door garments, proceeded to prepare the food. When it was ready she said, not unkindly, but in the same even tones as before: "Come now and eat your supper; it is all ready." He rose and divested himself of his overcoat, which he placed on the floor close beside him as he sat at the table. His wife waited on him attentively, but without eating anything herself. Having finished his supper, he rose and went back to the fire, taking with him his coat, which he laid at his feet. For a while he sat gloomily staring into vacancy, frequently having recourse to the bottle, which he once more produced. Soon the liquor, aided by the genial warmth of the fire, took effect. His motions became unsteady, his head drooped upon his breast; at length he fell back in his chair, and deep, irregular breathing testified the unconsciousness of a drunken sleep. His wife then approached, and, seating herself at some distance, watched him attentively. This woman, Pauline Cherveau, was of humble French birth. While still very young her parents emigrated to the United States and settled in one of the most populous cities. Here her father became successful, and soon secured a moderate income. Pauline and her sister Marie received the advantage of a fair education, which both improved to the utmost degree. As they grew up, Marie, although of a bright and vivacious disposition, evinced a strong tendency to a religious life. Pauline, on the other hand, met, when but eighteen, Robert Morton, and in answer to the young Scotchman's wooing decided, in spite of friendly counsel or solemn warning, that him or no other she would marry. Alas ! poor human hearts ! we will never trust the saying of others that the taste of the cup is bitter—that yonder hill, so fair and fresh with verdure, is full of thorny steeps and has but slender climbing for our wearied feet. One year passed, and the two sisters separated—Marie to work out her salvation behind cloister walls, and Pauline to commence her married life with Robert Morton. The experiment of reform after marriage is as old as society itself, and the result, with a few shining exceptions, is the same. The first few falls, the spasmodic efforts to reform, the longer lapses into sin, the shorter periods of abstinence, and then the steady descent into want and poverty, the old, old story of human infirmity of purpose—this it is which had brought Pauline Morton from the prettily furnished home of the first happy days to the dismal room in which we find her. Victim of, instead of victor over the too fatal experiment, on her the effect had been to wean her heart from God and all things holy. 'Tis true she still went to church, still murmured some accustomed prayers at night and morning, but they were as meaningless as if performed by some machine. Like some hopeless traveller she passed on through her life, her whole faculties absorbed in the contemplation other burden. Her eyes never sought the heavens, to see if but one toy bit of blue gleamed on its sombre grey, nor did her pagination ever picture a happy termination. Hour after hour pealed from some distant bell, and still the scene in that gloomy room remained the same. The steady glare of firelight showed the white face of the wife. which the black dress and abundant soft made whiter still. Heavy straight black lashes screened the eyes, and the lips were parted with a bitter cynical expression, as if she marvelled how ten Christmases even before life could have possibly seemed so happy with the being who now sat opposite in the awful repulsiveness which drunkenness flings about its votaries. As she sat pondering upon the distant happy past and hopeless present, a flash of wonder darted through her musing as to why upon this particular night her husband kept so unusual a watch upon his coat, near which one hand and arm hung as if to guard it even through sleep. After a moment's earnest scrutiny of the sleeper's face, the wife rose and, stealthily approaching, drew it away. She examined each pocket carefully, but discovered nothing of importance. Disappointed and instinctively relieved, and attributing its care to one of Intoxication's many whims, she proceeded to fold it. Before doing so, however, she gave it a slight shake, when from a hidden spot something bright bounced forth and fell like a star amid the darkness a short distance from her. Trembling with awful fear, Pauline went, guided by its tremulous silver shining, and found a diamond of some value set in a massive gold ring, on the inside of which was engraved the name " Lilla " and " Christmas," dated some years before. With a low groan of despair, the wife fell on her knees by the table and covered her face with her hands. Whilst she had resolutely shut up her heart from every ray of hope, she had exulted with bitter satisfaction that her state could be no worse, but even in the fulness of that conviction she now saw herself one hundred times worse than before. She recognised the ring at once; it was the property of Miss Claverson, the young lady at the house at which she had often been employed; for Pauline possessed all the national skill in embroidering and numerous kindred accomplishments. Miss Lilla had always taken a strong interest in the proud, quiet Frenchwoman, but had been somewhat awed by her stern reticence. Pauline, however, had seen the ill-concealed interest, and, although not at all confounding it with vulgar curiosity, disdained to take advantage of it. But now in this awful hour she remembered and felt her only hope of rescuing her husband from a felon's fate was to see this fair young aristocrat, restore her property, and trust to her mercy. Surely behind so fair and gentle a face there could be no wall of adamant which her beseechings could not penetrate. Bitterly she repented her folly in having entrusted the parcel of work for Miss Claverson to his care that morning, though how the ring, which she had never seen off the owner's finger, came into her husband's pocket remained a mystery. While these agitated thoughts rushed through her brain she had enveloped herself in a thick cloak and tied over her bonnet a heavy veil so as to half conceal her face. Then, with the testimony of her husband's guilt fast in her hand, she opened the door, took a last look at the sleeping figure by the hearth, then closed it and stole cautiously down the creaking stair and passed out into the bitter wind and piercing cold, a solitary pilgrim in that vast and populous city bound on a loyal mission. CHAPTER II. Throughout the thoroughfares habited by the " upper ten" the festivities peculiar to the holiday season held full sway, although no sign escaped. Dives holds high feasting with closed doors and windows; but light, most royal gift, streams out through every chink and crevice, and enfolds in priceless radiance Lazarus sitting at the gate. Under the shadow of a grand and lofty mansion Pauline stood an hour later. During her walk thither she had thought of and rejected many plans of procuring admission. At last she decided to go boldly up, ring the bell, and ask for Miss Claverson. 'Tis true, she might be out, or she might testify surprise at being asked for at so late an hour by her seamstress—in short, there were risks enough to make her doubt her ability to gain admission. But her resolution did not waver. There was just a chance that she might succeed in rescuing her husband from the peril in which he stood, while without her effort disgrace and the lingering years of a felon's fate inevitably awaited him. Nerved by this hope, she ascended the broad steps and reached the vestibule, when the saw that, by some strange oversight as she supposed, the door had been left ajar. For the first time a ray of joy, like the short but brilliant splendour seen In the sky on grey, uncertain days, broke on her troubled heart. She paused to consider nothing further, but pushing open the door, stepped lightly in upon the marble hall, whose polished squares gleamed fair beneath the subdued light. She knew well the way to Miss Claverson's room ; she therefore determined to go swiftly up, leave the ring, and make her escape as she had entered. But as she approached the stairway, her strained ear caught a rustling sound, and she hastily sprang into a room on the right, just in time to avoid a stately lady with soft piled masses of creamy-white hair, and trailing black velvet dress. Terrified, Pauline watched her with loudly-beating heart, but the lady turned and went down the hall, and Pauline leaned against the wall to recover herself. The room in which she had taken refuge was in darkness, save for the ruddy glow of firelight, which threw long, steady bars of light and shade upon the soft crimson carpet, burnished the deep, massive picture-frames, with their burden of Christmas holly, and reached tall chandeliers of crystal, which it broke into myriad rays of opal. Heavy folding-doors, at present rolled back, opened what seemed an interminable vista of equally luxurious apartments, where in the dim, pale light gleaming marble forms rose with almost startling life resemblance from some shadowy nook, or, repeated in tall mirrors, seemed like ghosts looking from their twilight world upon the vanity of this. In the last apartment a mellow, transparent light shone, and here a number of beautifully dressed people sat in silent patience before a mimic stage screened by heavy curtains. Suddenly the deep stillness was broken by a number of tiny silver bells telling midnight to the hour, and in obedience the heavy curtains parting discovered the grotto of Bethlehem, while at the same moment an invisible parlour-organ intoned for a number of voices the "Gloria." Grand and clear it rose through the warm perfumed air, that eternal canticle entoned in the olden ages by a voice from heaven on Syrian plains, which through the rolling centuries has gathered in every land fresh voices to swell its immortal harmony. Before the chlld- Christ's humble crib knelt the three kings prostrate, tending with reverent awe their precious gifts. Near them their shepherd guides, while in the background groups of snowy, radiant angels bent in adoring wonder, as if amased at the accomplishment of this stupendous miracle. The last notes of the " Gloria" had but died away when the silence was again broken. Faintly at first, then growing clearer, sounded a chorus of childish voices, and a curtain being drawn at one side of the stage, a number of children, the eldest not more than five years old, appeared. All in white, with blood-red sashes, their sunny faces framed in flowing hair, they seemed the cherubs who on His Blrthright no doubt kept guard around His lowly bed, rendered visible for once to mortal eyes. Each one held a basket of flowers, white and red. Slowly they advanced until they reached the crib, where they placed their pretty offering. Then with clasped hands they knelt, still singing, until the heavy curtains closing hushed the sound into faint echoes. The twilight of the parlours was banished by the glare of gaslight. All turned to one another to say "How lovely !" and complimented their young entertainer, when the butler appeared in the doorway, and, catching Miss Claverson's eye, solemnly telegraphed that her presence outside was desired. Thinking it something concerning the Christmas tree which had been prepared for the children, she came immediately, but learned Instead that her seamstress had come to see her about something, and while waiting in the reception-room had fainted away. The truth was, Gillon, anxious to see the Christmas tableau, had left his post by the door, which was kept ajar for the numerous visitors entering, and during his absence Pauline had slipped in. The first notes of the music had roused her to attention, and then the scene, with all its dainty appointments and realistic settings, had so fascinated her that she could not move. Beauty in any form had always deeply stirred her, and her life of late years had been so wretched, so utterly shut out from all that could satisfy this sense, that it now seemed almost beyond her control. The atmosphere of wretchedness, of dally drudgery, and disgust inspired by vice fell away from her like mist from some fair tree when shines the morning sun ; a sense of keen delight filled all her frame, and her heart beat rapidly. But the violent and varied emotions experienced during the last few hours, together with the transition from icy cold to unusual warmth, and hunger— for she had eaten nothing throughout the previous day—proved too much for her nature. The mellow light upon the tableau seemed to shine from miles away, the singing to come from infinite distance. A sense of unaccustomed languor stole through all her limbs, and she sank fainting to the floor. * * * * * When she awoke she found herself in Miss Claverson's own sitting-room, lying on a lounge. Opposite her, in a deep easy chair, sat an elderly person, whom Pauline recognised as the housekeeper. "Don't stir," she remonstrated, as she saw Pauline attempt to regain a sitting posture, "I'm to call Miss Claverson as soon as you are able to talk; but you must take this first," mixing a drink of wine and water, which Pauline accepted with thanks. " And now just lie down and rest for a few minutes and you will soon be all right." After a short time she bustled out of the room, and Pauline with anxious heart waited Miss Claverson's coming. Her suspense was brief; a noiseless opening of the door, a gentle footfall on the rich carpet, and she stood by Pauline's couch and placed her hand gently on her shoulder. " Do not move, Mrs. Morton—for the present, at all. events," she exclaimed; ''I am sure you are not well enough. Only tell me, if you feel able, in what way l can be of service to you and I will gladly do my best." Miss Claverson," responded Pauline, slowly and with difficulty forcing the bitter words, "you have it in your power to do me a service so great that I know I am presumptuous in asking it, but one that, if you grant it, will save two wretched beings from disgrace and one from worse. Here," she exclaimed, rising and approaching Miss Claverson, who sat at a little distance—" here is your ring, stolen this morning by my husband. I fortunately found it in his possession, and, recognising it instantly as your property, came to restore it to you at once. I know you hold it dearer than its value ; then be satisfied that it is restored, and do not prosecute the wretched thief. Have mercy on him, for God's sake; this is His Birthright. He has been good to you; do something for Him." She paused and held the ring out to its owner, and the two women regarded each other for a moment in silence ; the one in robes of snowy white, through which gleamed silvery blue, and long curling golden hair, seemed the inhabitant of some happier world bringing comfort to humanity, represented by the poor, wan, haggard woman at her side. Miss Claverson took the ring from Pauline's outstretched hand, and retained both ring and hand within her own; then, with a sweet smile, she said : " You may rely upon me, Mrs. Morton, that the secret you have confided to me shall always remain one. Your trust in me has not been misplaced. This morning I missed the ring from the reception- room, where I had taken it off for a moment. Strong suspicion pointed to your husband, but for your sake I forebore. I resolved to wait and see if you would not help to restore me my ring, though I did not expect you so soon. I would have been sorry to lose it, for it was my dead brother's last gift. But now let us forget this for ever, Mrs. Morton, and tell me if there is anything I can do to make your life easier or save you from suffering." " No, Miss Claverson," answered Pauline; " I do not think there is anything. My life has been very unhappy, for my husband is a drunkard; but tonight it all seemed nothing when I found he had stolen. But I must go now," she added, rising. " I have already detained you from your friends too long.'' " Surely you will not think of going to-night," remonstrated Miss Claverson. " It is after two o'clock, and you have a long distance to go. Stay ; the housekeeper will give you a bed, and you can return early in the morning." But Pauline was firm in her determination to return home, and alone; so Miss Claverson was forced to allow her to depart. With light heartened she traversed the broad avenues and dark, dismal streets to her home. Here she found everything just as she had left it. Before the grey ashes of the fire her husband still slept, and the clock marked with solemn monotony the flight of time in the deep silence, The candle had gone out, but through the unshuttered window the cold, pale moonlight streamed across the floor. Here in this space, garnished into so mild and brief a beauty, Pauline knelt, and with an overflowing heart thanked God. Like the dove she had gone forth in fear, but had returned bearing the olive branch. Ere long her husband woke up from his drunken sleep; the effect of his potations was passing away. He stretched out his hand for his coat, grasped it, and nervously searched the pockets for the stolen ring. Falling to find it, a sudden horror seized him, and he began for the first time to realise a sense of his guilt. Oh, if he could now undo the work of that evil moment, if he could transfer the pilfered jewel to its rightful owner, escape the perils which he had incurred—the police—the court of justice —the prison cell—the shame, the misery, the ruin—if these things could only be, then would he begin the world again an altered man, and Pauline, Pauline might again love him as she did in the olden time. Tears started to his eyes; he burled his head in his hands and sobbed aloud. Pauline's story was soon told. She cheered, forgave, and comforted the unhappy man. She told him of Miss Claverson's goodness. If human hearts could show such mercy, what would not the Divine ? A miracle of God's grace had been wrought, and many a time since then has the memory of that terrible yet joyful Christmas been wept over and prayed over by the now happy husband and wife—Robert and Pauline Morton.—Nation. 