. ASSAM AND TEE THIBET . " ' FRONTIER. Br CAI-iain R. D. Beestcw (LATE Ben-QAI Staff Conrs). i No. EC.— LIFE IN THE DIBRTJGHUR ' DISTRICT. The toan is rather fre9h alter his three weeks' enforced idleness, but tho first 2 miles is galloping over sand, which soon takes the fiery odgo oil his impetuosity. Then I come to a road lined on either side with mat huts at short intervals. Tot-bellied little children como out In scores, and clamor for backshish sb I ride past. Certainly rice must have a wonderfully filling effect. Givon an Assamese boy. of four years old, naked and hungry, and his skin hangs in wrinkles from ribs to hips. Put a full grown person's feed of rice into him, and, like the lady at tho Brick- lane branch tea light, he swells " visibly be- ; fore your very eyes," until he exhi bits a corporation like a miniature alderman, and his skin is as tight as a regimental drum. Two miles further on and I hit off the hank of the Dibru river, along which is built the station bazaar, redo lent of ghi and garlic and rcsonnnt with a very babel of tongues. The only quiet people np- pear to be tho kyahs or native bankers, who are squatted cross legged on the verandahs, i surrounded with piles of redly hound account' books, and chewing betel with tho lethargio i air of, a Bick codfish. | The bazaar is over a mile in length, tho ! spaco between the shops and the river hank forming a broad carriage drive. The hank is neatly railed off at the brink, as it is high and , steep tooL Past the bazaar tho road continues along the river bank for 2 miles, tho statio n | bungalows being built along that distance The houses are of different styles, some being . pucka, the majority cnleha ; that is, a few ara of brick, hat more of lath and plaster. Every j bungalow stands nbont G feet off the ground ; the pillars are of masonry or solid timber. Between the civil and military lines is a stone fort, a small structure consisting of a curtain with bastions nt the angles. This edifice was constructed in the early dayB of tho occupation of the province, when raids by the Khampti and Singphoo tribes of the border were of common occurrence. At intervals of SO yards or so are several ghats, or staircases of masonry, leading from the top of tho bnnk to tlio river. As it is the dry season tho Dlhrn is very low, its course being marked by a small thread of silver meandering along its bed of golden sand. The cantonment occupies a space a mile square. The bungalows of most of the officers and the mess houso have frontages to the river ; the remainder overlook tho broad stretch of plain at the back, which is used as a parade ground. Here, also, Btaud tho rows of huts composing the native lines, in front of which stands tho quarter guard, as also the various bells of arms, whilo tho regimental hospital is situated on the right of tlio lines. :: The 42nd Assam Light Infantry regiment, at the time I joined it, garrisoned a large extent of country. Having its head quarters at Dibrnghnr, it supplies a de tachment to occupy Snddya, tho extreme eastern frontier post, bordering on tho Khampti and Mishmi country. A second de tachment garrisons the post of Pobah Mukh, the principal highway into British territory for the Abor tribes ; while a third holds J effporo, on the Billing River, at tho foot of the Naga Hills. The strength of the corps is 3 European officers, Including a doctor, 1G native officers and 800 rank and file. Tho nniform is similar to that of the Rillc Brigade, and tho men are armed with the short Snider rifle with Bword bayonet. Being a frontier corpaitis composed of men of various nationalities. Thero arc 200 Sikhs, 200 Goorhhas, 100 Poorhcah Hindoos, 100 Hindustanis and 200 .Turwahs and Far- bnttios. With sncli a corps tlie dnnger of the men coalescing with a view to misclnof is en tirely obviated. Divide ct Jmpera is essen tially the motto ; thus a Sikh company is commanded by a Goorkha nativo officer, a Goorklia company by a Sikli, or either by a Hindustani, and so on, \- It took me hut a very short time to settle down in my new home. BungalowB being scarce I took possession of two vacant rooms in the mess houso, and Gokind, assisted by two of the regimental elephants, soon had my baggage installed. As to furnishing, that was soon done. An Indian cantonment affords every facility for sncli an undertaking. You have only to let it bo known in the bazaar that you want your quarters set in order, and you will forthwith bo bescigod with candidates witling to undertake tho olfico. In twelve hours I had my rooms matted, purdahs hung at all tho doors, and everything ready and in its place, even down to tho .carthon water vessols in my bath room, as though I had been expected any time for the last twelvo monthB, In India it is do rigueur to call on every re sident in the station as soon as possible aftor arrival. Thus for tho Grst few days, in addi tion to my regimental duties, my time was pretty well takcu up. In a " non-regulation" uravinee such as Assam, the hichcst dirrnitarv is tho Commissioner Sahib, or Burra Sahib as he is called by tho natives. This high official is generally a military officer in civil employ ; be .being seconded in his corps, and drawing bis pay from the Civil department. The ap pointments in tho " commission" aro eagerly songhtafter, and furnish agrcatincentive to tho study of tho native languages. There are thrco grades of assistant and thrco of deputy com missioners, the " pay and allowances" varying according to the holders being of the first, seoond or third grade. A deputy of tho first grade draws £230 per mensem, in nddition to a liberal travelling allowance whoa making the tour of his district — an incomo equivalent to that of a general of division, I have known such a post held by a lieutenant who, had he been on duty with his regi ment, would have drawn but little in ex cess of that sum in a year. No wonder then that "civil employ" i3 eagerly songht after by those who caro to pass tho necessary examinations. The characters of the Burra Sahibs arc in endless variety. There is the haughty, reserved gentleman, deeply impressed with a sense of liis own dig nity, acknowledging no superior under the Lieutenant-Governor. Then there is tho moderately affable Sahib, who goes in for popularity, giving many Burra Klianas, or swell dinners, in his elaborately fur nished bungalow ; and wbo considers it the extreme of condescension if he accepts an invitation to dine with the regimental mess. Lastly, there is the " hail fellow well met" specimen of deputy, who knows everyone intimately; dropping into their bungalows nt all hours, canonical or otherwise. A mighty hunter is this type. Ho knows tho deepest pools, and the swiftest of swirling rapids, where lurk the mighty mahsccr or Indian salmon. It a tiger makes a " kill " it is not loug a secret from him ; and the haunts of the deer and bnifalo are to him nn unsealed book. Ho prefers tho society of the mess room to the solitary grandeur of his own bungalow, and intimates that although he sticks to Civil employ for the sake of the "dibs," he nevertheless warms on all occasions to the old uniform. Our deputy was of what Mr. Samuol Wal ler would call the " pcrcise and tidy sort." Dross with him was a study. A cresso in his coat or a speck on his gloves would give him a fit of the nerves. Hu affcctei tho same style of attire in Assam as ho would have done in Bond-street, and would never appoar in public on the Mall without his lavender kids. Ho sometimes mounted a handsomo grey Arab, but his favorite modeof loooiuotion was a natty brougham, the only vehicle of the kind ever introduced into Assam, where buggies and tWD-whaelad dogesrta ore for mora in vogue. B jvthamei by your nacaar that yon tolly recognised his exalted position, and ware deeply . impressed with a sense of his importance, he ' was tolerably affable ; but if he bad the slightest suspicion that under the guise of reverence you were indulging in veiled satire, I he would shun you from that moment. How ever, he was a good officer, and is doubtless by this time well on his way to the highest honors in political employ. Next to the commissioner, the officer com manding the 9tatioa is held in order of precedence. Dibrnghnr was fortunate in the officer who hold this position ; a veteran campaigner, who had served daring the first .Afghan war under Pollock and Nott, in Scinde with Sir Charles Napier, in Burmah and during the Mutiny, and had at one time commanded tlio Governor- General's body guard in the days when Andrew Ramsay, Marqnis of Dnlhousie, was Satrap in Hindu stan. Any old Assam man will remembsr " the Colonel," smart officer, thorough gon- tleman, and good fellow ; strict as tho veriest martinet on matters of duty, the best of friends, and kindest of hosts in private. His sobriquet in the corps was Father Tom. Though not given to practical joking, tho Colonel once indulged in a joke at the expense of his officers, which, I fancy, is still remem bered in the corps. Our doctor hailed from the classic county of Tipperury, and it is hard to say which Bentiment predominated in him— his enthusiasm for St. Patrick, or his hatred of Fenians. Every 17th March the doctor laid violent hands on the mess. He was the host to military, civilians, planters and all. To do honor to the vermin destroying saint it was i necessary to keep very late lionrs : hence it j was a tradition in the corps that no " parado at daybreak" ever took place on the ISth — I fancy a very wise precaution, as tho sacri fice to Ireland's patron had a peculiar effect on the manoeuvres, rendering them as uncertain as the movements of a volunteer battalion. On one occasion, however, the exception proved the role. When the regimental order book came round on the evening of tlio 17th, to our horror we fonnd a commanding officer's parade announced for day break tho next morning. Tho doctor said it was an oversight, which a word from him to the colonel would set right, and wo went to dinner under tho impression that, as of yore, there would bo no drill. The mess nt this time possessed a pccnliar brand of sparkling Burgundy. Tho weather was warm, and the consumption was in proportion. Verylato in tho evening the event of the doy took placo. Whisky being brought in, every guest solemnly filled his tumbler, and the doctor rising proposed tho memory of St. Patrick, ' the grandest Irishman alive or dead" ; the toast to he solemnly drunk in tho raw spirit, and no heel-tap3 allowed. This was about midnight. Then tho " oveninq" was supposed to havo begun. At three o'clock an adjourn ment was made to the billiard-room, and a very curious pool initiated. Most of the players saw thousands of balls, and as many pockets. As a variety entertainment it was a decided success ; n3 a pool with any prcciso object, it was, on the whole, perhaps a failure. Suddenly the bugles sounding for parade wcro heard in full blast. We were sold. There was nothing for it bnt to plunge j into a bath, lmrry on our parade uniforms, j buckle on swords, mount and gallop off to the I parado ground. Tho regiment is formed up, told off by the adjutant and liaudcd over to j the commanding officer, who gives ns two solid J hours of it, going in principally for light infantry movements. Drill over, " Officers to tho front," is tho order, and wo ride up and salute. "Well, gentlemen," said the chief, "I ; had some doubts as to the efficiency of tho officers on the 18th of Match; tho parado this morning has not quite relieved them. Your thoughts, doubtless, were with St. Patrick. Good morning, gentlemen." And ho rode off, chuckling nt his littlo joke, leaving us to argue tho point as to whether tho " salmon" or the whisky had most affected tho movements of tho battalion. Tho Executive Enginocr aud the District Superintendent of Polico aro tho remaining " Heads of Departments." Then your visits aro to the remaining residents and the tea planters, who reside within easy distance of the station. There is no need, however, to mention them here, ns I proposo devoting a subsequent paper to a description of life on a toa plantation, A great feature of Dibrugliur, at least in my time, was tho thorough socia bility of tho dwollore within it3 gates. Every houso was open to you, every ono enjoyed themselves, and that curse of small colonial communities, a local Mrs. Grundy, was conspicuous by its absence. Scandal possessed no shrine and no votaries on the banks of the Dibru River, and tho European oommunity were, as one might say, a united family. Of amusements thero was no lack. Croquet par ties — horrid institutions — wore of doily occur rence ; there was boatiug on the river, cricket, quoits and polo. Snipe wore plentiful near the station ; and a gallop on tlio moo- eourao before moss acted as an invigor- nnt and an nppetiser. Then there was the Station Mutton Club, nn institu tion in which every inhabitant took the livoliost interest. In any Indian station tbo mutton club is an institution of the very highest importance, and its manager and secretary an official wielding immense power for good or evil, from a gastronomicnl point of view. Tho raison d'etre of a mutton club is tho thin condition and general gristly ap pearance of tho ordinary Indian sheep, which, when grass fed only, are by no means an appotising viand. Queensland goat mutton on the back blocks is far prcforable. A Fatna sheep, however, well tended and fed twice a day on gram for a few months, is a very different animal. A leg or hauneli off such a beast is equal to Southdown mntton. Tlio inhabitants of a sta tion therefore form themselves into a club, buy a llock of Fatna sheep, engage a shepherd at 1 0?. a month wages, pay a monthly sub scription and kill twice a week, each member securing a hind or fore quarter alternately, whilo the heads and trotters are presented in rotation. Should a member receive n forc- | quarter when it is his turn to get a hind one the relations betwocn that member and the secretary become strained, nud the non- receipt of a lminble sheep's head nnd trotters has formed matter ere now for a iuuisc. eilibre in the Indian law courts. It has often formed a subject of contemplation to mo why when sheep are so scarce kidneys aro so plentiful. Certainly pariali dogs abound in all Indian bazaars, and — bnt I will not pursue tho sub ject. In any case grain fel mutton is a succulent article of diet, and the Dibrughur Mntton Clnb was a model one in its way. The station possessed a fino billiard room, opened aud kept up by monthly subscription, attached to which was a reading room, where all the Indian and English newspapers and magazines were obtainable. Doubtless at this timo Australian journals are in cluded ; but at the time I speak of an Anglo-Indian possessed but hazy no tions of tho land under the Southern Cross, and beyond a vague idea that tiiis was n country teeming with mutton chops, dam per, wool, gold and bushrangers, our statistics of the antipodes were at a discount. If, ns I read just now in n certain Melbourne journal, tho movements of Australian journalists are read with avidity by Lake Tangauiko, and up tho Congo, there is no reason why our news papers should not by this timo have approached the land of the Grand Llemn,andbe read with avidity by Buddhist monks as a relief to the monotonous On: w.anc Jiadnn ho no of tbeeVor revolving prayer wheels. The mall or drive along the river bank is greatly patronised daring the last hour of day light. There may be seen the high dignitarios in their barouches, the subalterns and junior civilians oa every species of four-footed animal, from tbo high casta Arab to the Soman Mad Cabalas stead, while tho light weights affect the Munipori or Burmah ponie3, 1 splendid little animals, shaped like miniature weight carriers, and Btnnch as steel in the polo field. This evening drive, undertaken i literally to " eat the air," Is eagerly I looked forward to in the hot weather, for it ! must be confessed that, splendid as is tho ! climate of As3am from October to April, it is I tbo very reverse during the batance of tbo j year. An Assam day in .Tuno is something to remember. Bugles sound tho parade at S.43 a.m., aud you rouse yourself from a sort of stupor of perspiration, wondering the while whether you have strength enough left to struggle iuto your clothes ; ami no wonder, when the temperature of your bedroom — although every door in every direction is wido open— has been throughout tbo night more like tho sudatorium of a Turkish bath. It is so hot during these midsummer nights that even the mosquito j cannot attend to business. Where they got to during tiro hot weather is a mystery ; but they never cause trouble uutil the cold season sets in. As you finish dressing and buckle on your sword tho syce brings your charger to the verandah steps, and mounting with an effort you trot leisurely to j the parade ground. Half on hour is sufficient j for the drill, aud tho parade dismissed, you j gallop homo and divesting yourself of nniform ' loll abont in pvgamas and slippers discussing a Manilla clieroot aud your matutinal toa. At J nine o'clock an adjournment takes plnco to the j bathroom, where by dint of dashing several | carthern jars of clean cold water over your . body, you attain n certain degree of comfort, ; alas of a very evanescent character. As you ; di'ess,yonrshirthnr3tsout into little maps oftbe ; World with perspiration, and bv the time your toilette is finished and tho mess bugle sounds, , you are aB hot as ever. Seated under tho j punkah in tlio mess room, however, it is poa- j siblo to do justice to a substantial breakfast, washed down by cold claret cup or beer, a smoke, and then comes the question of getting through the next seven hoars. Outside there is not a breath of wind. All vegetation is burnt up. Tire intense heat is actually visible along tho sand of the river bed. Crows and parrots perch ' solemnly on the trees, their beaks open, and literally gasping for breath. There is no sign of Euro pean, aud little oven of native human life out of doors. All is still as a graveyard, the silence broken only at intervals by a chorus of songsters of tlie insect kingdom, chiefly locusts, one family of which latter give vent to a sound that I can only compare to a crosscut eaw undergoing tlie operation of sharpening. It is madness to venture out. The thickest of soiah topis is powerless to ward off the dreaded sunstroke. Languidly you subside into a large easy cliair, and take np a book or paper. You find yourself falling off into n doze, when sud denly the punkah stops waving. The eoolie, also overcome by tbo heat, has fallen fa3t asleep. The use of language strong enough tn compel him to resume his duties creates an intense thirst, and a " peg" Is ordered. It secure the wholo day sinco breakfast, but only an hour has been beguiled. The punltah is on tho point of stopping, when with a report which causes everything in the house to rattle again, the station gnu announces midday. Half an hour later a brother officer, bolder than his fellows, comes in, having run tlie gantlet of tlie blazing sun, fixed in n copper sky, for a distance of some 400 yards. He lookn as exhausted as if he bad covered as many miles. Ho is thirsty, of conrse, and ns lie helps himself to a "peg," wonders why you don't keep a punkah coolie with more life in him. A feeblo effort ia made to eat tiffin, but the exertion is too great. You think you will kill an honr writing letters. You find the ink dry in the ink stand, and the pen as ex hausted by the heat as yourself. Back again to n book, bnt it is impossiblo to fix your attention. Presently a solemn Mahometan gentloman enters, leaving his shoes on the tfireshhold of tbo door, and asks if the sahib will please to study to- day. This is tho uioonshee, or nativo teacher of languages, a polyglot linguist, who will coach you in any Indian language suffi ciently to enable you to pass the board of examiners. He seats himself, and proceeds to expound from one of tho text books. After ten minutes of this both teacher and pupil col lapse aud fall asleep in their respective chairs, in more or less picturesque attitudes. But even an Assam sum- mor day must como to nn end at last, and at five o'clock you retire panting to I your bathroom. As the sun's lower limb neurs I tlie horizon yon mount your horse and join tiio | crowd in the mail, returning to tlie moss ante- 1 room at seven o'clock to find a party assembled j discussing sherry and bitters and tho latest | gup, or Btation news. At half-past aoven tho ' mess bugle sounds and witli it comes tho best I hour of tho twenty-four. Cigars and a rubber i to ten o'clock, and another hot night has to bo j passed, and on tlie morrow begin again da capo. Such is life during tho summer heats, When the heavy rain3 fall, ushered in by violent thunderstorms, tho atmosphere cools. It even get3 chilly at nights. Energy retnrns, and the hot months seoiu like a dream, but in tho cold dry Bcason after tbo rains tbo climate is perfection, xuere is no lolling away the weary ! hours then. Perpetual drill is tlus order of the day, getting everything ready for the nnunnl in spection of tiie general officer commanding the district. This potentate has hia head quarters at Shillong, ia tho Cossya Hills, and never emerges from this cool retreat until tho summer is nt an end. He consequently enjoys an immunity from the ills thut the regimental officer in Assam is heir to. In the cold weather he travels in state round his district, reporting favorably or otherwise to the com mander-in-chief on the state of tho various corps under hi3 command ; bringing tbo names of officers who hare acquitted them selves well under the special notice of the Adjutant-General, nnd being still moro careful to perform tile same kind of olfico by those who have " clubbed" tbo battalion, or Bhown a lax knowledge of their duties generally. It wa3 said that tho shortest cut to our Brigadier's good will lay through his stomach, and that a good " inspec tion dinner," like charity, covered a perfect ash heap of military sins. Be that as it may, our corps had a good mess, and invariably obtained a good report ; ono good result being that officers, acquitting themselves well, found no difficulty in obtaining leave to go shooting nnd fishing in the district when the annual inspec tion was over, and sport in Assam ranks in tho first class. It lias been decided to bold an International Exl.ihition in Bombay during the coin season of 1S85-SG, if possible, and a sub-committeo has been nppointed to prepare a report to tho Government on the feasiblity of the scheme. Six of tho persons who on Foster Sunday attacked a Jewish synagogue in Limerick and wrecked tlie buildirg have been brought before the Limerick magistrates. The Jews reluctantly prosecnted, aud asked that no punishment should be indicted. Two of tlie accused were sentenced to a month's imprison ment. and the remaining four were bound over to keep tbo pcarc. One of tho Jen's was fined for firing squibs on Good Friday. This cir cumstance, which was regarded in on offensive light, was probably the origin of tbo disturb ance, for it led tip to exaggerated reports os to tlie innnner in which the J ews were celebrating their feast of Passover. It is not generally known that the eldest daughter of tho present Lord Lytton lias taken up the family pen, and although only about 1 1 or 13 years of age lias already printed and pub lished for private circulation one of tho ino-t blood curdling ghost stories that lias seen tlio light for many a long day. It is stated on good authority that Messrs. Longman would have published it in their mngaziue bad it not been that it was rattier longer than their 'pace would allow of ; hut the idea of curtailing tho story was indignantly repudiated, so it has been placed in the hands of a few privileged friends exactly as tho juvenileautlioress wrote it down. She inherits a vast store of talout from both sides of the house, nnd bar public appearance in the ranks of our authoresses will be looked forward to with a great amount of cariosity, 