MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (From Olir own carrMnrtdlAnf A w* < Melbourne. November 2R_ legislative Council mem bers are in caucus choosing a successor to their late President. .The choice lies be tween Messrs. Lorimer, "Cuthbert and Dr. Hearn,- the general opinion out of doors being that Mr. Cuthbert may have the post if he desires it,- although Dr. Hearn has invariably filled the presidential chair in the recent frequent abfcerice of Sir Wm. Mitchell. Yesterday t&e; number of flags half-mast high as a token of respect for the deceased President was a very noticeable feature in town. It was observable that this mark of remembrance was made by men of all shades of political opinion and by many whose names are unknown in political warfare. There is no doubt that Sir Wm. Mitchell's judicious conduct dur ing the stormy era of politics in this colony won for him the gratitude of a large section of the community, who are usually undemonstrative as regards their political opinions. The broken week in Parliament has seriously interfered with the prospects cf an early closing of the session. The Legislative Council will, however, sit on Fridays to make up for lost time. They may also decide to sit at 2 p.m. each day ; at all events this has been mooted. With regard to the additions the Railway Bill, which it is said the Council will make a member of the Lower House in the confidence of the Government in sists that any additions must be accom panied by equivalent subtractions as the ministry has "put down its foot" on the question of the amount of the loan. It is however, very unlikely that the Council will take the responsibility of subtracting anything. The Assembly amuses itself just now in toying with many small measures like au epicure with the dessert after a good din ner. The o"nly live measure before it is the Shops and Factories' Bill, which it is safe to predict will not go through the Lower House this session. There is in this colony or rather in Melbourne an Association known as the Liberty and Property Defense League. It is, however, mainly concerned with the liberty to drink intoxicants and the de fense of the property of the venders of these seductive fluids. It is now proposed to extend the area of this Society so as to include matters of personal liberty which are or may be infringed upon by the action of the Government. I venture to predict that an association on this wide basis cannot be successful because there is as yet no indication that any but a very infinitesimal number of persons would ac cept the great principle " that each indi vidual has <i right to freedom limited only by the equal freedom of every other indi vidual." The great joke of the lobbies has been furnished this week by that notable and stentorian opponent of all landlordism and closed roads, Mr. A. T. Clarke. Who would have thought it ? Mr. A. T. Clarke has become the owner of 1,000 acres of very valuable land just beyond the out skirts of Williamston. The unexpected 1 ness of the position is most ludiciouslyin tensified by the fact that Mr. Clarke has now as his tennants the Messrs. Cliirn side, of Werribee Park. For 15 years Mr. Clarke has periodically denounced all landlords and all occupiers of closed roads* and Messrs. Cliirnside in particular, as the very embodiment of all ihat is nox | ions. Shall we at last be able to say " rest perturbed spirit" to the ghost of that nulncky constituent of Mr. Clarke's, who 15 years ago IVJIS fined £10 for tres pass, at the instance of Messrs. Chirnside, and whose woes have been vehemently and gruSy trumpeted forth annually by Mr. ~ Clarke ever since? Some of Mr. Clarke's fellmv niemuei'd laughingly anticipate that Messrs. Cliirnside will have a pretty lively time of it in their (to them) novel position as tenants. It may be, however, that " prosperity" wjll iiave its customary effect eren upon Mr. Clarke. What an excellent paying game the denunciation of wealth and property has been in this colony. How many in the present Par liament one could name who adopted this easy aud popular role, aud profited ex ceedingly thereby-. The names of Berry, Clarke, James, Lai or, Langridge, Patter son, Smith, W. C., and Woods occur to one at once, and it would be easy to treble the list of the denunciators of " capita.**" with the names of those not in Parlia ment, who have acquired so much of the evil commodity, that " urgent private .affairs" prevent them from giving any fur ther attention to politics^ Notwithstanding the Agent - General Bill and the universal encomuims passed upon Mr. Murray Smith, it is said that his prospect of renewal of office is not [a certainty. It would suit the convenience of some of our political chiefs to have it. otherwise. Mr. Berry, it is said, is de sirous of increased opportunity for culti vating his newly acquired " golden'1 facility of silence, and believes the Agents Generalship would give him all he needs. Aud this would make room for Mr. Pat terson as the leader of the liberal Coali tion contingent. It would also leave the Colonel and the Miraxns and the Richard ?sons in their position still more " remote,, unfriended, melaneholy, al>w." The per sistence of rumors of this kind in what are commonly known as the " best in formed circles," induced me to endeavor to probe them to the buttou. The result is, that an unquestionable authority as sures me that Air.. Service says that others appear to know his business better than, he does. He has no intention of leaviug. Victoria--at all events for some years. Two of Mr. Berry's colleagues say thafe lie ia not intending any change that they are aware cf-for a considerable time- tax come. The significance of these dis claimers, will by. most* people - be assumed to be in,their qualifications. According to Truth, three children- of' the Rev. Mr. Tollemaclie, rector of South Wytham, are named as under :-Lyulph Ydwallo Odin Nesto Lyonel,. Foedmag Hugh Erchenevyne Saxon Es& Cromwell Orma Nevill Dysart Plantagenet Tolle mach e-Tollemache ; Mabel Helmingham Ethel Huntingtower Beartice Blazonberrie Evangeline Vise de Loui^de- Arel≠ Plantagenet Toedmag Saxon ^ "Tolle mache Tollemache ; Lyonia Decima Veronica, Eoyth Undine Cissa Hylda Rowena Ada Phyrra Ursula Ysabeia Blanche Lplias Dysart Plantagenet Tollempche - Tolle-. mache. Both Adelaide dailies are severe upon C. A. F. Bolte, in connection with the. late prosecution for appropriation of trust monies. The Register considers his,escape from punishment to be a miscarriage of justice. Mrs. Gore, of Vallejo, has, in three years given birth to' ten children-two pairs of twins and two sets of triplets.. This is what dressmakers would callagore with a double and triple bias. . § . The salary of the Victorian Railway General Traffic Mianager-has been increas ed from LI ,000 to £1,400. Owing to an ambigaityin some insteuc tions given,the female inmates of the Vic torian quarantine station* were recently, bathed in the disinfecting bath. by. the male attendants. . The stamping 'int- of the. last outbreak of smallpox in. Victoria cost £2,QQjJ|, 