NEEDLES "Short, sharp, shiny." Cool. Quoits. Bucketsful. Tanks filled. Legislation. No beer tax. Deputations. Tempestuous. Commissions. Sly grog-selling. Rain in the north. Bray on taxation. Cholera in Rome. Who killed Ah Goon? It never rains but it pours. Celestials on the war-path. Who murdered that infant? Gentle pattering on the pane. Seven hundred pounds a man. Cabin boy steak for breakfast! Coursing at Kanmantoo to-day. Mrs. Hampson in danger again. Can a bootmaker be sensational? Czar warmly received at Warsaw. N. T. natives getting troublesome. Government are fond of late sittings. Look out for that Austrian corvette. Sixty pounds for the jockey English. Mails per Sutlej delivered in London. King Humbert gone after the cholera. Estimates pushed forward a stage or two. Germany's earth hunger on the increase. Australian naturalists coming to the fore. Australian cricketers to be "champagned." J. C. B. in a questioning humor yesterday. Echidna and platypus strangely mixed up. Present high price of beer not to be raised. African natives oppose German annexation. When will the Real Property Act be intro- duced? The Treasurer must not speak in a sitting attitude. Hounds meet at Adelaide racecourse this morning. Why is the driver of tramcar 109 always grumbling? Marine Board examinations alleged to be loosely conducted. Johnny C. B. still goes for the New Zealand scheme of taxation. What would Darwin have said to that cannibalistic feast? Mr. Bray objects to be interrupted by the Chairman of Committees. The London School Board paid £580,000 in salaries to teachers in 1882. The Washington Cabinet is taking prompt measures against the cholera. Nearly 3,000 coffee houses were opened in London in the reign of Queen Anne. Mr. Bray thinks the Treasurer should not get angry when asked a simple question. Hanlan and Clifford row on the Parra- matta for £500 a side on February 7,1885. A lady has secured the first prize for poetry in connection with the L.S.U. competition. Licensing Bench granted two new licences on Tuesday, and refused six other applica- tions. Virginia has 172 tobacco factories, which consume over 48,000,000 lbs. of the weed each year. Did those starved sailors kill that boy because he was the most tender morsel on board? The annual yield of the mussel fishery on all the French coast is said to be 1,750,000 bushels. The late Mrs. Eliza Cody, of Philadelphia, bequeathed about $100,000 to Roman Catholic charities. A man breathes about eighteen times a minute, and uses three thousand cubic feet of air per hour. The irrepressible Sir Julius probably suc- ceeds Sir F. D. Bell as Agent- General for New Zealand. Imported rags from cholera-infected coun- tries are prohibited for ninety days at the United States ports. Ceratodus, archæopteryx, and echidna join fishes to mammals through reptiles and birds, Man is a mammal, ergo— Corinthian brass of the ancients combined in its make a proportion of gold and silver, as well as copper, tin, and other metals. A quack doctor named Hirschherg is in gaol at Louisville, K., charged with having ten wives in different parts of the country. Europeans, it appears, are never thoroughly acclimatised in Cochin China, and most white children born there die shortly after birth. It was suggested at a recent meetiag at Port Adelaide that Warden Neill, of the Marine Board, should be appointed nautical examiner. Of all the actions of a man's life, his mar- riage least concerns other people; yet, of all actions of his life, it is most meddled with by other people. Why will chairmen at lectures give long, boring explanations about their principles when the audience are waiting to hear what they have paid for? Non-abstainers and members of the Blue Ribbon Army yesterday fought a pitched battle over the granting of a licence to an hotel. The latter were defeated. The examiner of masters and mates at Port Adelaide is also harbormaster, adjuster of compasses, shipwright surveyor, receiver of wrecks, and inspector of various things. The Pope has ordered the priests in all cholera infected districts to remain at their posts, and has placed a fund at the disposal of the bishops to be used in urgent cases. It has been calculated that during the height of the herring-fishery season there are in the North Sea between five thousand and six thousand miles of nets set every night. In Tonquin, in 1880, the French did only 5 per cent. of a total trade of £800,000; 35 per cent. of the trade was done under the English flag, 20 per cent. under the American, and 11 per cent. under the German, George Hall, a quack doctor, has been ar- rested at London, Ont., for killing a deaf and dumb child whom he undertook to cure by splitting its tongue while under the influence of morphine hypodermically administered. The New York Art Museum is to be en- larged, the legislature having appropriated the sum of $350,000 for it. The enlargement will change and improve the appearance of the building, and give greatly needed storage- room. The number of subjects in the colonies of England is about 267,139,879, in those of ttpain 6,399,347, in those of Holland 24,386,991, in those of France 2,330,000. Algeria, numbering about 4,000,000 inhabi- tants, and the countries under the French protectorate, such as Tunis, Tonquin, and Cambodia are excluded from this last enume- ration. The United States Government printing office, which is said to be the largest estab- lishment of its kind in the world, is valued at £1,062,500. The disbursements last year— ending June 30—were £559,971. The daily pay of employés is £1,190. It is estimated that from 1789 to 1881 the total outlay for Government printing has been nearly £21,250,000. No fewer than 2,200 trains leave the stations' of London every 24 hours. Every hour between 10 in the morning and 11 at night l,600 trains start for the various railway termini in London—that is at the rate of 120 and more every hour, or two a minute, all day long, not including the trains on the Metropolitan and Metropolitan District. The latest sea-serpent to put in its appear- ance is described by six men, residents of Georgetown, America, who recently were in a boat, pulling for one of the islands near the north shore of Cape Ann. They saw the monster, apparently thirty rods distant, chasing a couple of seals, who were leaping clear out of water in their fright, and making at their best speed for shoal water. New Yotk will have about twenty-eight theatres next season, and more are talked of for the near future. Many leading foreign attractions will be imported. American actors and actresses will also be seen in all kinds of plays, good, bad, and indifferent. Managers who complain that "times are hard" are spending small fortunes in advance with a view to making great profits. The mummies of the British Museum seem to have impressed the latest regal visitor, the Maori King, more than any other London sight. He went to the museum chiefly to see these relics of old Egypt, but on enter- ing the department he was literally appalled. He clung to his attendant's arm, and shrunk from the ancient figures as if they were ghosts. For the rest of the collection he did not care a jot, but rushed through the whole building—reading-room and all—in less than a quarter of an hour. 