THE LICENSING LAWS. TO THE EDITOR OF TEB DAILY TKL16RAFH. Sir,— In your Isaac of to-day there appears a report of an interview held between a deputation of the Licensed Yictuallers' Association and the Colonial Secretary. From the report it must be evi- ?eni, oeyona an aouoc, tnat tne desire of the deputa tion was to induce Mr Stuart, as tbe representative of the Government, to act as foster-parent to Mr Olliffe's long looked-for amending Bill. But the defeat suffered by the Ministry when the present Act was under consideration, is a little matter not easily forgotten by a man of Mr Stuart's sensibilities, and he therefore warily informed tbe depatation that " He was not prepared to aay then the Government would again endeavour to move in this matter. It would be an entirely open question with tho mem bers of the Government to deal with Mr Olliffe's Bill in the way they liked." With regard to the deputa tion, a stranger, observing that it was composed mainly of Ms.P., might be inclined to imagine it an influential one ; but any student of colonial politics reading the names of tho persons who hold the distinction would be better able to judge its worth, and from the names alone would be able confidently to declare it " A pub licans' deputation." The representations of the deputation were in the main the same old stock that the publicans of New South Wales Uuto been laying oat for public admiration, for the last 20 years ; but as commercial men mark off each year a certain depreciation on old stock, so the argu ments (?) of the licensed victuallers have, year by year, depreciated, until now they might fairly be valued at — nothing. For instance, in ono place we are told, that one of the evils of Sunday closing is, that when men get an opportunity to enter pablic- houses they get beastly drunk ; while the gentieinan who made the statement favours opening for a few hours on Sunday. Might not the men who enter the pnblichouscs daring those few hours ' take tho opportunity " and " get beastly drank " also ? The president of tho association represented by the depu tation stated : — " The result of the amending Act had not had the effect, as was expected by some per sons, of materially lessening tho sale of liquors, but it had bad the effect of withdrawing the sale from the licensed victuallers. , , . into the hands of grocers and boaruing-housokeepsrs." And ,agaiu — "It was found in England that amongst women in families, drinking had been enormously increased by the facilities afforded by tho grocers." An unbiassed reasoning man would natnrally remedy these evils by -withdrawing the grocers' license. Dr Read, the president referred to, would with draw the grocers' licenses, but such withdrawal seems to be inseparably associated in his mind with affording to pnblicans increased facilities for the sale of liqnor. Mr Stuart said, ' For the first year afler the Sunday-closing law came into fores the statistics seemed to point to a diminution of drank- enness. Certainly the report for last year did not bear out that Btatemsnt," 1 consider this difference of effect is wholly due to the grocers' licenses. For the first 12 months of the operation of the Sunday- closing law grocers' licenses were few and far be tween, whilst daring the past year the multiplica tion of grocers' licenses has been something enor mous. Clearly, then, tho practice of licensing grocers shoold be abolished ; bat surely it would b: madness to compensate the evil by opening the public-houses on Sunday. Mr Stuart has at last seen the wisdom of wiping out that ghost the travellers' clause ; but even the Premier did not escape tho contagion of compensation, for he suggests (pri vately, not politically) the re-opening of public- houBes for a few hours on Sundays. Mr Copelnnd conld not but suggest that "through out the livelong summer day (hose who re quired refreshment should be able to obtain it on fannday 49 well as on any other day ? Dr Read found complaints from men and their employers that through the taking home of liquors on Saturday night, they did not come down to work on Monday morning as they need to do." One would think the remedy for this wonld be the closing of publichooees on Saturday as well as on Sunday. To the em ployees affected I would aay, virtually prohibit the traffic, by personally abstaining from the use of alco holic liqnor, and yon will find no difficnlty in going to work on Monday morning, in working hard all the week, in saving a pertion of yonr earnings, and thns benefiting the State nnd enriching yourselves as well as protecting yourselves from the " many ills that flesh is heir to." Mr Merriman said, " The police magistrate of Melbourne stated the other day that Sunday closing increased tbe crime of drunkenness," I have for some time taken pleasure in reading your Melbourne letter, and in yonr issne of yesterday I find yonr Melbourne correspondent writing as follows " Mr Call, tbo P.M., is still the same gentleman who was publicly accused before the police commission, of being in leagae with tbe brewers, and has been content ever since to allow his character to be under so serious an imputation." We therefore know the value of the opinion of the Melbonrne P.M. on matters relating to the liqnor traffic. The only excuse I can offer for the length of this letter is the importance of -the question, and as I consider you have already recognised that importance, I feel confident that this will find a place in the columns of your liberal paper. — Yours, Ac., i AUSTRALIAN PROHIBITIONIST. Sydney, February 2. 