INTERCOLONIAL. tioN our OWN oounicsi'ONnisNTs.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY. June 22. A fire broke out early on Saturday morning at Albury on the promises of D. Darke, furniture dealer, which, with the contents, were totally destroyed. The flames spread to the adjoining building, occupied by Miss Williams, dressmaker, which, together with the next house tenanted by Mrs. Richards, was gutted. Darke a stock was insured for I'UOO in the National Company of New Zealand and the National Company of Australia. A report is current that the Premier, Mr. Stuart, has during the past week received several threatening letters from the unemployed, with the object of coercing a movement to provide work for them. The steamer Ly-ee-Moon, which left for Brisbane on Saturday, took six boxes of sovereigns, valued at £30,000, for the Queensland National Bank. The annual sports in connection with the New South Wales Cyclists' Union were held yesterday on the Association grounds, and attracted about 4000 spectators. E. Loo won the five miles bicycle championship race, beating C. R. Wood and other good riders. During the afternoon there was a grand parade of cyclists, in which about 140 riders took part. The Victorian gunboats Victoria and Albert, and the torpedo boat Childers, left for Melbourne on Saturday morning. Edward Hanlan, who was to have left for Brisbane by the Ly-ee-moon on Saturday, will leave on Tuesday by the Elamang. The weather to-day is beautifully fine. Arrived : On Saturday You Yangs, s., from Gladstone on Sunday Archer, Elamang, and Burwah, steamers, from Brisbane. Sailed : On Saturday Orient, s., for London J Ly-ee-Moon and Barrabool, steamers, for Brisbane. VICTORIA. AlKLiiounN'iä, June 20. The Premier, Chief Secretary, and several other members of the Government visited Ballarat to-day in connection with the festivities on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the new post and telegraph office at Ballarat. The Hon. James Service laid the stone. A banquet was held in the evening, at which the Hon. Graham Berry warmly re- pudiated the insinuations of Mr. Mirams and Major Smith that he had become false to his Liberal principles, and so far from his giving up Liberalism, he declared that the Conservative members of the Cabinet were showing themselves to be Liberals. MELBOURNE, June 22. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club Races were held on the Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday, but were only moderately attended. The following were the results : Hurdle Race Merri, lOst., 1 ; Concord, 6st. 8lb., 2 ; Musidora, 10st. 8lb., 3. Eight horses started. Merri led all the way, and won easily. Time, 3min. 37sec. and? Victoria Gold Cup rickie, 1 Only Uti co horses started 1 Tickle won very easily, the other t v of not being placed Ladies Trophy The Ghost Sat 31, 1, Poimus 7st ob, 2 Duenna Sst Sub, 3 Thirty- one horses started The Ghost won easily at finish Time 1min 20sec Open Steeplechase -Stampede Oat 111 , 1, Tickle, 10 t Gill 2, Australian Court 10st 10lb 3 Fifteen horses started 1 sickle led into the straight but Stampede came at the distance, and won by a neck Time 1min 31sec Richmond Handicap Black Diamond 7st 5lb, 1, Pi mine at lib , 2, La one Lady, 6st 10lb 1 Sixteen horses started Won easily by three length!. Time, 1min 47sec A movement is on foot to urge the Customs Department to extend telegraphic communication to Cliffy Island, near Wilsons. Promontory, so that the hghtbousc-hccpDi may be able to report any weeks or casualties within signalling- distance of that station A jockey rained Linton sustained very serious injuries at Caulfield on Saturday, through Leeta falling, with him His skull was fractured and his brain lacerated and he is now in an extremely critical condition Mr S ivie expects to deliver the Budget speech about the second week in July It is believed that the federation debate vs will be concluded in Brundah s sitting of the Legislative As- erably Mr Services speech on federation will be printed and circulated in pamphlet form in the other colonies Mr Quong Tart of Sydney, had an interview with Mr Service and Mr Berry relative to his desire to secure uniform legislation in the colonies against the opium trade The Minister agreed with his views to a large extent, and Mr Berry arranged with him for a visit to the Chinese quarters SOUTH AUSTRALIA ADELAIDE June 21 The ceremony of declaring the Botanic Park open to the public was performed by his Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by the Duke of Manchester yesterday, in the presence of the city aldermen and a very large number of spectators Nicholas Bonasich an Austrian, and master of the coasting a aft Young Galatea was found dead in the cabin of his vessel The deceased was in a sitting posture when found Cbas Algernon Wilson registrar of probates and chief clerk in equity, died yesterday, aged 66 years. He had been in the Government service in connection with the Supreme Court for thirty seven years Mr Wilson was a voluminous contributor to the press Yesterday was observed as a public holiday in honour of the Queen's accession to the throne The weather was fine, and large numbers of people visited the various resorts around the city but there were few public amusements ADELAIDE June 22. The Duke of lanchester on Saturday evening dined with the Hon E T Smith, late Minister for Education To morrow accompanied by LJ ly Rub a son he will visit the Hon A Hay at Port Victor The Commissioner of Public Works on Saturday inspected the Mount Barker to Strathalbj n i and say b much of the intercolonial line, which is now laid within six miles of the latter town The result of the trip vs ill probably be a rearrangement of the proposed stations on the new line TASMANIA HOBART June 21 James Parsons was brought up yesterday charged with shooting at his father with intent to him let It was shown that the prisoner had shot at his father, but there was no proof that there was anything but powder in the sun After some consideration the bench committed the prisoner for trial The prisoner had b ever alert in his behaviour to wards his of river at various times Mr W V & loddon member for Central Hobart is about to proceed to Fin ope He will leave his adieux to in a member of the Legislative Asa moly 11 the hands of a gentleman to be used if necessary The I mutation Board are considered to have made a co replete mu Idle of the immigra- sometimes and th sy team will probably be discontinued HOB ii r June 22 The "steamer Vcahncth with immigrants from England an IV ed to night The ra enters by the steamer Doric who have been qu resumed were released on Saturday afternoon as there were no further signs of sickness they had great trouble in getting lodgings as the hotelkeepers were unwilling, to take the u Nothing will be done regarding any direct steam service to L, Island until after the meeting of P firmament and the matter has been fully di co and The way she is I me with cold frosty nights 