IN these days of speedy and luxurioustra ell ing tlIG Cltif?i ii h(ldi?i~MH sure to h ve, fipnritls e tipp et asw nfl ixi tin& led visitors. W,>Ht.lurd-ha a few live loudcA' do ing"' them rolonies: of dtateryars-noble en whom lq)9go4uIVgt14peqodesire of- s la tionbhatQfgii tbrbh s. Prefessi o anti nd: a us s no afwe fau tisvle ve 1 a man :ofi'the:world"I thes. lienned.iadiio??' O of sheitiy, d P . rha ongenpf lif aqluatic eupssnaey, rAnn a to .elebrities the eir i.i" still ,41e e;" for-'lsi'&d-4;ý hinui l 4-'$piik d REEVES, the ieerless tenor, is bent on vojag ing ihi . iirflei- ý fltter in litea?das id& %lii rolpK idl'mird6t1r' ace sbi of the anticipated'?titt 'fG2;.'SALA and HERBaca SPENCER, the tbid~ e 'bhing, as most of o? r~adeis mugw a n}tuQ - jouly;aaM' h. dut nhid hei?te' tt riipal o of voluI, tiBoMfi philosom'y anhd tol h ','r We obseti-e'ahah sbil ef the Southern ndws palieisd-2iotiably the Mdllbdtiior-eak bblittii'gly oescioussot tiie Ibiihqiii .t4M be done unto us all by Mr., }rPssq'a visit, and are gratefully, jgbi~ ý.4 c6oncerning the prospectiv9, blessipg.. lhat Is in store forinse, coo'dipg ', "i p haLs published a panagyric4; .bic0h ist ti oeplaco, on the ,paj, orilais at th;, feet,' of t:?ie cining.. philosopher, aid; al: colonists are;required to be dn:the tiptoe of eager expectation. 'We hav a lively ibcollec tioan that a Msnilar.seovibieiwa.doe-d-consier ably overdone, we -shoul perhst say- for MoNCcURE CONWAYI but unhappily for ti t gaidtleian, the "'hscean~ n pubhd irhomi he bIAreektls ; dshspabi h k t nbseoct1 him 9C hia I kctires' thtd sdriastir ' e~t rhich 'da eid the iothhid eyed jouinal whicb Atienietpd 1is fire. .,,As letpref bhq never: ,took hold:of, thbepublic; itbithr.is Vi"ttorla br in New 'Soitli Wales; liissudiene col. pot Lar ,hire, and grew "'ssmall by de?s '?. Leilutifully foss," beingiutipnately ediippd to ' fesw enthusiastic admirers, who' delsidedly mistook his mistiness for profundity, and!his juiihle of Dksni'ain t;isoribs aiitl mersomgia" speculations for Veritable science. As a scientific lecturer aiid'd `omulgator of philoseo' phy lie .ws an -egregious failure, but as an eyiler .ofl Cliiistiauiti y aud Chrisiiau institt tions lie Iws as successfiu as most aof his tn»i peers iii tliit line. , Ie has disappeared, like many pthrce wauividering imeteqts, into "ihe infinite asiure of the poat,i to quote and adppt i the \words of a famous liviig scientist. Ac-, cording to his own theories, Moexculwni wAY1 neitler expects nor "apts aftutiir9'. . li ? iay ? ci writtedi off" iis the iu?iesa plih goes, witliout inore ado. But t:gfri?ierSraEcci is; qomng ; and he is likply ,to: hle unto. MOA caURE CNWAY as a comet is, unto a-meteor. Nay, we may aver that the' famous sociologisti is 't fixed star of great magnitude in the firmament of sappdern philosplihy ; and anyone acquainted with our reoit literature is well ;waure tlmit a ghSi]y of satellites derive from Ihim their philosophic?ie1 illumination. Mr. S'l ucE?iR ha written.voel' niliously ; his published works are itanmy, and hlis contribntiois to smagamines and reviews Ihate .ien 's'till sionp unimerons ; but his l.iliesit thinking and his maturest couuolusions uny ,ei suppo:sed to be enliodi1d in one of his latest brol?tzres, entitled " Rleligion : a Hetro.i pect and a Prospect." It was published. l in tice n'ineteenih Century for Janiusry of this year; so imliortant, however, was its publication deemed that "advance-sheets" were despatched to Aierica and Austra?ia,,in oi?str that:hIe ,nighted inimanity in thifar W\\\est and South might' hit remain without the light a moiment longer than was unavoidable. The essay was published in the Ardgu at the earliest mnoment, and explanatory conmuents accompanied it that its lucidity and sweetness might not be lost upon dull and unappreciative readers. Mr. SPENCER and his eulogists desire to 4heir utterances taken an sericeu, so we nust??gard them, and deport ourselves ac. a corznly. We understand, then, that Mr. Srs~risa's main drift is to unfold a history of the/nesis of Nature on the principles of Evolution. Long ago this philosepher evolved the conclusion that Man, in all his complex s dý,andhtat a t er of ieato t}p hy ,} m of us arepretty 4 p! ,pppp-freep cy as ned n a b nrgw f " Unless all that is contained in theses ges a'sq~eeee 9f! xls*,6j ut ]m. ryecent caffi?iloe"i' 'bee tat on'ste patnMtly o ifPi.k iof demonstrkting that the be. ' iaB CREATORa of the World and Sovast uof. the Univease is simply the outgrowth of a belief in ghosts which was cherished by the. ude, u~fii, aa$l8uper stitioun p liljjnoen n.hl n race. ,.l el. ' g 4,l ..ge 4 .."te. , aglgI"A Mr. B~?asds belief in Go;l and he avows his cfsbirte?t t, as the belief in ghosts dies out,'k7IJf1 riC worthy condeptions of GOD be come rejected by enlighteqgg mipa,g the belief in a personal, knowabja Go,apwilr also disea lrFj;ýiti isýiibobllhbrLk?k l)of the SB and o thn?fn vout the stin qpn1 g _ of, gitiBudein pelhim+t'mremder td h"t .ar fo "S o 1 the wemldsthcee ou1 tqk , who, during million of years oti rlie l in h4 a.ld t' with A for rssealea ould b@ ttlt h 'fntl.y. do notzpebetu when reading he productip .p"l .. rztorI..1ýl-the rbta lentain the oof ouf own ol ' ? ar a#" religion o sop e? y use SSitwesrws her, isterated " I"t l .. ..... '. but S cal lsel. Sunafos?et divinitsyin his wVnef fesiternYSl tiriyi a ?biogrYh7Y(.i-51), "Her.mlneory irso me.a ergion,tand her a~prob"IaistIben sbpch sming s i~domesn zi'eacdehovtr to , ?, ei ? ??l the rgn o mge lis u ,'the odgZ? l fdB~ir obably usndiscoverable." Be ;Ie"-Tm dl our philosopher virtually deifirs letters. Wi %lt ncludin i ords in the , ar~ioishtl d lfalý2 shbt'tib o:-" Bet amid the nift? t J.drith become the emore and Eternal Energy, from` whichZlaiwtInge -proceed. _ .The MItalsee- o-r 'EaoEa'h. BjiVtk aYiithAte" r "Per i rr FEnergy,'7ii ish4ene`aa idsi7id to whieihlvle Christian and bvery Theist ut tldrýj the erman hen he ex o prenedind tioi ane d homage tl" [aioL.ai I .i..o I ot .'t nwaitll r.i VI ITis ced othr . JWb l harblyehrise d th hig her emotheiont _vl:ofrfoshdder isaelf iae~lo rwn-vi.ul SWe a lke cl1 a ibneti referringr our ::Franirgatr$Asaebnox1,inrlie March ate cf the Nnejvbecj1 ývhili Se severely criticises M1ýr. BSescea s _ hiost-theory'.'ef the sagii Efiligioh: ":'yt_ t frejrese idgfd see how theiohabmsine *oe(tsPohit'dviem and the snsyioe AwT}Cstjs isa'i jqbtein4 each etht r. +:i Wb liall bet"U pri dd if thswncolsion of'nstot'raddcrs its slat b'ur dwn-viizt# Mr. SPENcia, inthieinselsnseit least, is "nowhere" founriration and-supers ruoture f-Agnoehscias are alike Mleidt61&~ffP."' ;ii)I 