BURIE9 ALIVE. Of 11 theh >rrif/lf» and a upaUing oaturnitiet that o%r fcof ifl m k 4 masr, w« o.lfi Ilf)aeinc aoue more gh>st!y than that of beiag buried aive, ana well "ufchentictieJ rt>r:Ja placed beyoc 1 a doubt th t it has oo -.snnahv happened T e ««e of the lady « h z ag cutfiom her fis ger by midnight violatore of her tomb, was the means of saving her from a dreadful fate, has been often told. Her. son the .?i ttjoent L , born many y->are after his m therhad b en buried, was the phy. ioian ana friend of rhs family of the wri'er, or.e bf whose earliest recollections ii the hear: g ?he r t jry from the lips of an ag; d relativ?, vpij.ie forming one o1 the group of s tall listeners gathered rooud and hanging with 'bated breath on the narration. Children love to have the same Tories told over aad ov-r again in the same wordJ. They like to know what is coming— to waoh with thrills of expectation fur each del; il. And these details, graphically given by one who hud them fr m the very actors in the eeue, were weird aad vivid. The vult at midnight— the cutting off of the finger — the gbastlj' terror of the ruffians, when the dead woman sat up in her coffin, a.:d bhod begac to fiw — the familiar knock coming to' the houBe- door in the dead of night, h. ard by terrified maids who, thinking their mistress's ghost was there, buried their faces, trembling, in their pillows. The bereaved husband lying sleepiest in his grief, heard it too, and started at the sound. ' If my dear wife were cot gone,' he thought, \ sh mid s-y that was her knock and hen. more faintly, it again smote his car, isiv g at la it and ging to the door, he was confronted by +he resuscitated woman All rhis was listened to with an interest intensified by the fact of its beina true. < A carious coincidence respecting this event is >n exactly siouliar etory is reo-arded in rhe anoalg of the family of the Earls of Mount Eigcumbe. In them read that "he mother of R/ohard Edgcumbe, created fi-st Baron in 1742, being at the time young nd childles", died; apparently at their seat, Coibtle, near Plymouth She was buried with a valuable ring on her finger ; and the catting this off by violators of the tomb, as in th9 case of Airs L— — , restored her to consciousness. Five years after she gave birth to a son In the year 1838 a remarkable instance of burying alive ocouired at Cambray, in France. AI Mar hoi?, a farmer residing at Sisoy, in that neighbourhood, had reared a large family, and acquired by his industry and good conduct, wealth and consideration, eo that he was chosen principal churchwar den of bis parish, and appointed deputy- msyor. He had lived in harmony with his family, until the subject of a marriage his elsest sen wished to contract became the cause of a qua- re!, and br-mghr, or» fieicf disputes between him and his children, Marbois was a man of violent passions ; opposition made him frantic ; and on one occasion, when the di-pute ran higher than usual, he became so infuriated that he rose up and pronounced a fearful malediction upon his family. No sooner had the words passed his lips, than his whole frame suddenly collapsed; his face grew livid, his eyes fixed, his limbs stif fened, and he fell to the ground. Medical aid was called in; but all pulsation had ceased. Soon the body became cold, and his death was decidedly pronounced — the caure, a stoppage of the heart's action pro duced by violent excitement. This occurred on the 13th of January ; and on the 16th the interment t"ok place. There had been a severe frost, and the extreme h&rdnese; of the ground prevented the grave from being pio- p?rly dug. It was therefore left shallow, with the intention of deepening it when the thaw .should come. By the 23rd the grcuud became sufficiently softened, and men were set to work to raise the body and finish the grave. On iifiing the coffin, they fancied that they heard a sigh, and on listening attentively, they found the sounds of life repeated. Breaking open the coffii, and perceiving that faint actions of pu!sation and respiration were going on to a certain ex- teat, the men hurried off -with the body to the house cf the pirirh doctor, by whose ff rfcs Macbois was at last restored to con sciousness. When the resuscitated man was able to recal what bad taken place, he became over whelmed with contrition, regarding the fate from which he so narrowly escape i as the deserved puuishment of his sin. He sent for the clergyman of Sisoy, whom he entreated to mediate wiih his children, expressing his aDxiety to make his peace with them and to recall his malediction. The result was a return to mutual understanding and the re- estiblishment of harmony in the household. The distinguished physician, Sir Hery Marsh, used to describe an event which oa ourred at the beginning of hie medical career, many yer.rs before he had reached the emi nence to which he afterwards attained. He was called in by the family doctor — a country practitioner— to atand upon Colonel H — — , struck down suddenly by apoplexy. The St was a eevere one. All efforts to save the sick man proved unavailing ; he Dever ral lied, and at the end of a few days, to all appearance, breathed his last On the morn ing of the funeral, the two medical attend . ant3 deemed it right, as a last attention, to go and take leave of the remains of (heir patient before the coffin wap screwed down. The family doctor, a jovial florid personage, on whom professional cares sat lightly, had been a friend, and ofttimes boon-companion, of the deceased. A bottle of port and glasses stood on a table near the coffin. ' Ah, my poor friend !' he Baid, pouring out a bump; r and tossing it off ; ' this was his favourite drink. Bare wine, too. He knew what was good, and never spared it. Many a generous glass we have had together. I'll drink another to his memory,' be cried ; and another and another followed, until the wine rapidly gulped dovjp, aud at so un- wonteddm hour, began to tell upon the man, and make his eyes glisten and his speech grow thick. 4 Why should you not pledge me now for the last time ?' exclaimed the excited doctor, while he approached the corpee, and, to Sir Henry's inexpressible disgust at sneh revolt ing lenity, pressed the glass to the pale Hps. The contents went down the colonel's throat ! > Sit Henry stood amazed ; his eyes, which he was turning away fioai the unhco.-.i£g p elade, were ri veted an -the corpse Che ji'vi:! aictor, sobered in moment, j ; daggered bask, Gun a de&d; man drink V ' iic dried. ' dive hup chore— tncre ?' exclaimed Sir H'-niy, liGoVeribg- his prGuee of mind &;.d st'zing f.be bottle A tir'g? so sligLf fS'-d 'ffil'y a medio'' ; e could have detected it b -g tf faintly to suffuse the rvhi:e facN? The doctor tore »wa y ?1)e shr:ui aad pLc i. his har.-fl up: ti -be There was uo m«»-"'»nenf, t'iitj' luied vi -e body cu; of the eoffia afcd ptucesdcd to adopt the measures proper fcr resuscitation. ' Meanwhile tha hoarse ftood at ?he dn -r ; 1 the funeral .quests wera assembling outside ; carriages arriving; while within, all ws commotion and suspense — servants harrying to end fro fetching hot bricks sthpalants, rest raiite?s in obedience to -the "doctors' f coaiaiandi-Tj the latter p'yin tvry m:ana ' skill could devise to keep the flick ri<.g epiik of life from ding cut j aad ;hi sUirled i family, ha-l'-paraiyfed by the ei?dden tevul- j sion, standing around, gathered in anxious, ! silent group..- | Breathlessly they Watched for tidings. For a h>ag time the result aeeaied doubtful — dcubthil whether the bear-e before the door, the gaping coffir, the graveclothcs lying scattered about and trampled under fhcfc, all the griua psrap eruaFs of death, hastily-dis carded in the first wild moment of hope — might not yet be needed to fulfil their mourn ful office. But no ! Breath, pulsation, consciousne?c, Wife aluwly returning. Colonel H was gives bnek to his family and home, filling again the pUce'th&t; it was thought would know hirn no more. And hot until five-and twenty years had passed away af'sr that memorable morning were his friends summoned — this time to pay him the las: tribute. A young officer returned from China related, apropos of burying alive, the follow ing experience Oa our pssegt boie,' he said, ' we bad in the transport beside our ova troops, $ large draft of French soldiers. Disease scon broke out among the closely-packed men, and deaths were of daily occurrence The French dealt summarily with their dead. As soon as a poor fellow had breathed his last, he was stripped, a twscty-pound shot tied to his heels, and his body thrust through a porthole into the sea. John Bull's prejudices rebelled against such rapid proceedings. When we lost any of our comrades, they were allowed to lie for twelve hours covered with the Union Jack, and the burial servic-. was read over tbem before they were come mitted to the deep. Oae day a French sergeant, who had just fallen a victim to the pestilence, was brought up on deck in the sheet in which he had died, to be thrown overboard. The twenty-pound shot had been fastened to his feet and the sheer removed, when, in pushing bim through the por-hoie. he was caught by a pro? rudiog book or nail an the sid;;, and stuck fast. A few more vigorous thrusts sent the body further through, and in so doing the flash was torn by the hook, and blood began to flow. The attention of the bystanders was attracted to this ; and, moreover, they fancied that they saw about the corpse other startling symptoms. ' The man's alive !' flew from mouth to mouth. In an instant willing hands were passing eagerly to the resoue, and before the body could touch the water it waE caught and brought up on deck. 4 The Free oh sergeant was one of the soundest men on board the transport-shiD when we landed.' — Chambers's Journal. 