On the eve of the universal household festival — the glorious, time-honoured season of Christmas — we heartily wish our increasingly numerous readers, whether subscribers or non-subsoribers, young or old, squatter or labourer, storekeeper or mechanic, one and all, a merry, happy, pleasant Christmas. Christmas ! — there is a clear ring of joy in the very word, — to the middle-aged and old it recalls a thousand recol lections of the past,— some happy, some sad, — revives the ghosts of years gone by : phantoirm of buried loves, dim pichires of family meet ings never to take place again on this side of the grave. To the young, the word Christmas is suggestive of nothing but enjoyment, a flood tide of feastings, indulgences, and piesents , — to the Christian Church it is the festival of joy, recalling the time when the angelic host pro claimed 'Peace and goodwill.' The festival of Christmas is observed ' throughout the world wherever the Christian religion, and her hand maid civilization, have penetrated — wherever the Catholic or Protestant Churches have raised their standard. We are conservative enough to be earnestly desirous that all old Christmas customs should, when possible, be kept up, not one would we wish to become obsolete, so that there may be some existing links connecting the Mighty Past ?with the still Mightier Present. Here in this sunny Southern land, when Christmas comes ?when the sun has reached his: highest point, it natnrally wears a different aspect to that of ' Merrie England,' where Christinas makes its entrei amidst frost and snow, where icicles hang from eaves, and streams are gelid. One great advantage the dwellers ot Australia liave over those of Old England is, that whilst they are enjoying themselves, the pleasure is without the alloy of knowing that many around them are Buffering from inclement weather, and scarceness of food, quite unable, from the presence of absolute want, to make the Christmas time one of joyfulness. Here, things are more on alovel, for whilst there is not the magnificence of re joicing and the superlativeness of joviality found in the 'stately homes of England,' there is, we may safely say, noue of the pinch inc want often experienced, and especially so at the present time in the ' cottage homes ' of the fatherland. Here, over the wide expanse of this and the neighbouring colonies, whether in the vice-regal palaces, or in the lonely huts of the bush, and through all the intermediate positions, we know that a Christmas feast will be there eaten and enjoyed in all the luxury of ease and liberty. Whilst Christmas time is, and we hope ever ?will be, a season of general rejoicing, we think that it should, at the same time, be a chastened joy, remembered that although a feast, it is a religious feast, the spirit of which should ever 'be ' peace and goodwill to men.' It is, conse quent^ especially the time for tho forgetting of strife, the healing of dissensions, the re- uniting of severed friends,— a time when rich and poor should rejoice together, remembering that ' the child born ' was given to all, and that, for the day at least, a universal feeling of communion should prevail. Once more, then, good readors, a Mer'hy Christmas to you all ;— bury your old animosi' ties, dig out the roots of bitterness, pull up the vweeds of care ; cut evergreens from memory's .storehouse, gather blossoms of kindliness, and ?Jay up:»eed for time to come in deeds of charity and goodwill. Apropos the recent elopement with wealthy American daughters a New York paper has the following-New York MiUionajro-' Arc the girls locked up for the m«ht, wife V _ '^ Yes & Coachman chained.' 'Yes' ' Has the patent butcher catcher ft, ''/''W^T oiled »o that it works well V 'Yes. Well, ? .. _. ? n oMmv.Wm ithe cardener am WHMWWWBBWIiliBIWWBBIBWIIWMWI^^ 