TURF TOPICS AND AJmCiPATSOHS. , . ; By AHJionEos. This afternoon tbo popular heath ut Caulfiold will onco more he tho rendezvous, and appear- ancqs aroiufavor oE another snccossful gathering under the auspices oE tlio Victoria Amateur TurE Club, Str. N. R. D. Bend, the diligent secre tary! has left no atone unturnod in his oRort to onhanoo the character oE tho proceedings, and tho arrangements on tho conrso will bo found lo bo oE tho customary complcto order, duo provision having been mado Eor tho convcnicnco oE thoso who intond patronising tho proceedings this after noon. His Excollency tho Governor and Lady Loch bavo signified their intention oE being pre sent, so that the presonco for tho first timo of tbo now vice rogal party at Caulfiold is calculated to attaoh additional concern to thoso who usually pitroniso the grand stand and lawn. Sevornl improvements aro noticeable since tho last raco mooting, and tho well appointed appearance of things in general on tha conrso and its onvironB tostifios strongly to tho progressiva policy adoptod by tlio V.A.T.C. ever sinco tho initiation of tho Bond rigime. Tho bill of Eare to bo submitted for approval this afternoon is so admirably arrangod that tlicro nood bo no foar of any dis appointment with rcspoct to either tho variety or onality of tho sport, for under favorablo con ditions of weather tho programme should furnish contests of a highly interesting order. Pro ceedings will ho introduced by tho Sapling Stakes, tho honors of which will bo disputed by an imposing field of well brad two-yoar- olds, tho majority of which havo not yot bocn scan in public. To anticipate their probablo behavior is, thorofore, hosst with soino difficulty, though on tho strength of First Pop's oreditablo display at Elatornwick Park last Saturday tbo promising son ot King Colo mast bo bold to possess a Buporior clianco ovor tho majority of thorn who havo becu nominated. His victory was so cosily achiovcd that evon with tho G lb. psualty which he will t>o called npon to put up this afternoon ha promises to tnko a lot of boating. It is whisperod, however, that thero Is something located at Caulfiold that can do him easily, and if this bo troo thoso in tho know will doubtless servo np tho now de'iutant with considerable confidence. Possibly tho talonted jnvonilo may provo to bo Egbert, who clmngod hand at Kirk's Bazaar laBt Monday for 160 guineas. Ho is a good brod ono, boing by Goldsbrongh from Isabella, a Now Warrior maro claiming a dash of Arab blood. In tho event of tho betting indications failing to reveal Egbert as tho Simon Paro, perhaps it would ho better to rely on public form and stand by FIRST POP. who is undeniably a good colt. Savlgnou is porhaps tho most likely to distinguish himself from among tbo ontside division. Now that tho top weights havo rotirod en masse from tho Hurdlo Raco, tho lesser lights of tho small stick brigado will havo mattors all to thomsalves, and tho raco lias accordingly nssnmod a moro opon aspect than would otherwise havo been tbo osso bad Ringwood, Don Qaixote, Ontario, or Tho Agent cried content. -Tho with drawal of Ontario on Mondoy last brought griof to thoso who had taken liberties with the horso and backed him extensively in conjunction with Lizotte and Fricndloss for tlio Steeplechase, As instancing tho treacherous ground upon which backors of horses will sometimes encroach, it may bo mentioned that 100 to 3 and 4 wae frcoly accepted about each of thoso two doubles. It waa not surprising, thereforo, that soma of tho moro vouturesomo puntors winced when they hoard that tho pen had been run through Ontario's namo. Judging of tho great demand for Ontario in doubles, tho Btablo woro ovidontly porsuaded that thoy would be compelled to accept a short prico about him right out for tho Hurdlo Raco, banco his oarly withdrawal. Knowing tho tcn- denoy that oxistcd to support hiin, Mr. A. F. Sullivan is do3crving of credit for tho prompt moasnrca ho adopted on behalf of thoso who habitually rush in whoro moro matured tnrfites would fear to tread. In dealing prelimi narily with tho Caulficld handicaps last week I named Matador, 10 st. 0 lb. ; Banker, 10 st. 3 lb. ; 'Lady Teazle, 0 st. 13 lb, ; and Tattler, 0 st.;' as tho most leniently treated. St. Patrick's victory at Elsternwick has placed him on level torms with Matador, who -is much tho superior of tho two and for whom I would plump unreservedly woro I to know that ho would ho scon fit and woll at tho post. Concord is spoken of as a good ogg, but ho will require to improvo considerably on his last performanco at Caulfiold to turn tho tabltB on . LADY TEAZLE, for whom I ontcrtain a docided penchant. For ah "outsido chanco I like nothing so woll as Tattler! for whom Mr. W. Poarson has an oxcol- lont trial nag in Gasalier, winner of tho Maidou Hurdlo Raco! Were Primus, Pan and Hannibal certain to bo found at tho post for tbo Selling Race, tho spirt over tho half miio course would bo well worth looking at. Both Pan and Hannibal havo proved themselves so proficient at tho sprinting business that it is posaiblo they may succoed in gotting on their legs too quickly for Mr. Pearson's wiry .chestnut, and in faoo of Pan's victory ovor Han nibal last Saturday, Mr. Miller's colt would ap pear to possess an oxcollont chance of ropcating tho'porformancc. It may bo mentioned, however, that tho hoayy atito'ot'tku g_ "."qa'nst Hannibal, who will show to moro advahiugcaLiJ a turf track. For this reason I shall onco more plnmp for HANNIBAL, who has on a prior occasion evinced a partiality for tho Caulliold course by romping homo in .advance., 'Then will follow tho Caulliold Grand National Steoplo.'haso, an evont which claims precedence as tho contest par excellence of the afternoon. 'Tbo prospocts aro in favor of ono of tho finest jamping exhibitions ovor witnessed at Caulfiold,1 and in searching for tho probablo winner I feol tempted to select Katunga, Friondlcss, Lizetto and. Tandsticker against tbo field, with a single bonded profcrenco for KATUNGA. Tho Balaclava Stakes is n very open affair at tho time of writing, but should PRECIOUS STONE again bo slipped this afternoon, I doubt whether tho S-lb. ponalty which ho incurred last Saturday would' hinder him from repeating tlio perform ance. Cupola, 7 st.. 7 lb., aud Too Too, 7 st. Dlb., aro also to bo respected. - Tho threatening aspoct of tho weather,; together with thosloppy condition of tho ground,! operated projudicially against tho complato success of operations at Elsternwick Park last Saturday, but, notwithstanding tho drawbacks referred to, tho altcndanco was ono of tho largest which has over assembled at tho hoad quarters of tho Trotting Club, and on this account the. result meat bo pcrfoctly satisfactory to tho'pro- motors. During tbe afternoon his Excellency the Governor pat in an appearance, and remained on tho ground wbilo tbo steoplochaso was boing run. Proceedings were of a fairly interesting character, commencing with tbo Maiden Trot, in which Lubra proved horsolf to bo in bettor form than at Gcolong, and did not disappoint bor followers on this occasion. The Hurdle Raco afforded a good contest, albeit tho favorito, Bolls Brandon, proved herself to bo a subject of mis-, placed confidonco, and it rcmainod for St. Patrick, who was well supported, to furnish tbo winner. First Pop was so vigorously backed that his capabilities were pretty well known to his party, who freoly ncooptod 3 and 4 to 1 in a field of cloven which saddlod up for tho Sapling Stakes. Tho consummate caso with whioh ho cut down his oppenonts from tho jump stampod him ns a colt of no moan order, and I presnmo wo shall again hoar of this slippery young gentleman. Gildoroy mado a very fair oxamplo of tho Gold opposed to him in tho Steeplechase, tlio only animal capable of extonding him at tho finish boing Lacy, who performed woll consider ing tho short timo sho has bean in work. Per haps tho groatest surprise of tho day was tho dc- foat of Hannibal In tho Soiling Raco, but what was a loss to tho backors of tho favorito proved a gain to tho club, inasmuch as tho latter bene fited to tbo extent of G5 guineas by tho Bale of Pan. Notwithstanding his Geelong failure, Pro- ciousStonobad a strong rotinuo of followers, who backed him right earnestly for tho concluding .event of tho day, tho Elsternwick Park Handi cap, whioh raco ho won with a bit in hand. Detailod conditions aro now published of tho Criterion Stakes, Great Foal Stakes and Caulficld Guinoas, throe events which will occupy a prominont position in tho V.A.T.C. programme for 1885. Entries for oach of tho foregoing races will clo3catthoofiicos of tho Y.A.T.O. and V.R.C., Melbourno ; A.J.C., Sydnoy; and S.A.J.C., Adelaide, haforo four p.m. on Monday, fith Sop- tombor, 1884. Tho Criterion and Great Foal SlakcB nro both for two-yoar-olds, tho first named to bo run for at tho March mooting, and tho latter to take its usual place iu tlio October pro gramme. An the-nominations aro roasonublo and -tbo addod money liberal, thero should bo' largo ontrioa for oach of tho throe events. Thoso owndrs who intond being represented at the annual stooplcchaso mooting of tbo Ballarat Turf and Hunt Ciubs would do well to boar in mind that nominations require to bo in tho hands of Mr. A. M. GrimGeld, tho honorary Bocretary, at Craig's Hotol, . not .Iptor than .eight .p.m. . on Tuesday noxt, tho 19lh inst. Several valuablo atakos will ho run fordttringtho two days' racing, to ho hold on 12th and 13th Soptombor, notably, tho Ballarat Handicap Stooplochaso, of 150 bovs,, and Hunt Club Gup, Handicap Hurdlo Raco and Ballarat Handicap, oach of tho vnluo of 100 sovs. I hope to hear of a bumper entry. Though Mr. W. Gannon was not snccessfnl whon wielding tho starter's flag at Randwick 011 Saturday, last, ho certainly mado an cxamplo of sovcral jockeys for not oboying his in structions. In tho Tramway Handicap, H. Smith was fined £10, and M'Auliffo, Bourko and Ncrrikcr £5 oach ; whilst in tho last raco of tho day— tho Loftua Handicap— ho sont Loadbeatcr, who was riding Rosinante, hack to tho stewards, and another jockoy had to bo provided. Aftor tho raco a committees mooting was held, and Lcadboatcr was disqualified from riding for six months. In commenting npon Tattetsnll's August meet ing on Saturday at Randwick, tho Sydney Morning Herald, spoaking about the disqualifi cation of Lcadboatcr, says : — " Tho sentence is a sevoro one, as it will debar tho lad from riding at any of tho spring meetings. Tho jockoyB of this colony aro vory difficult to monago, and sevcro measures arc often necessary to compel them to obey orders ; but in this instance there is moro than a donbt as to whether Mr. Gannon caused tho real offender to bo punished, Ellis 'and Groonhalgh, tho ridors of Dosmond and Drummer Boy, allowed their horses to break away continuously, and npon nearly every occa sion whon a. break away occurrod their horsos wero at tho front and ovor tho mark, and they and thoso who remained behind and refused to join thoir horses appeared to be much moro to blarao than tho unfortunate lad Loadbeatcr." The samo authority also states that the fcatnrcs of tho meeting wero tho want of condition of tho majority of the horses engaged, many of which will havo to bo drivon along In their work if their trainars wish to havo thom sufficiently forward for the Hatrkosbnry meeting, and tho fact that not- a few were only out for au airing with 0 view to futuro ovonts. Tho programme of tho Caulfiold Gap moeting of tbo Victoria Amateur Turf Olub, to bo held on tho Caalfield rqcecourso on the 11th and 18th October, appears to-day on onr front page. .Entries for the Tarious ovonts will close at the office's cf.tjio V.A.T.O., Mclbourno; A.J.C., Sydney ; and S. A, J.(i., Adolnldo, at four p.m. on Monday, tho 15th September." proceedings start on tho Grat day with a Muidon Plait, - «f 100 sovs., added to a sweep of 3 sovs. cacb, for maiden horses ; ono mite. Then succeeds tho First Hurdlo Race, of 100 sovs,, with a sweop of 3 bovs. ; one miio and a half. Tho Great Foal Stakes, fonr furlongs, is tho next itom on tho bill of fare. This racoB for foals of 1882, then two years old, and is a sweep of .15 sovs. eaoli, with 300 added ; tho nominations for which closed with 103 subscribers. The three-year-olds then havo an innings in tho Oaulfiold Guinoas, which is a swoop oMO sovs. each; with 300 added, ovor a miio of ground, for which G1 ontrioa havo been rocoivod. Tho Findon Harriors' Gold Vase will doubtless causo as much oxcitement ns over, tiro distance — two miles and a .quarter — being .a popular ono. Tho souvenir is a trophy of tho value of 100 sovs.! presentod by. the Master, in addition to a purse of 50 sovs. given by tho V. A.T.O, Tho Toorak Handicap, of 150 sovs,, with a swoop of 3 sovs., ono milo, w'ill!ringdown the curtain on the opening day. Tho following Saturday tho ball will be set rolling with a Selling Raco, of 100 soys., tho. winner to be sold for £150 ; selling allowances; half a mihn Tho Socond Hurdlo Raco of twomiles, which follows, is a sweop of 3 sovs., with 100 sovs. added; and is succeeded by tbo Nursery Handicap of tho samo conditions, tho distance boing four furlongs and a hnlf. The great plumof tbo Spring campaign — tho Canlfield Cap— -next comes on ;for discnsslon, tho first prizo for whioh is 1300 sovs., in addition to n trophy of tho valaa of 200 guineas, tho gift of Mr. Matbcw O'Shanussy. !!The second horso will re- ceivo 500 sovs. and tho third 200 sovs. in this great mile and a half'.ovcnt, for which at pre sent 03 contestants remain in tho list. An Opon Steoplochaso, of 7 sovs. each, with 200 addod, twomiles and a half,, having boon negotiated, tho Windsor Handicap, a sweop of 3 sovs. each, with 100 addod, ovor six furlongs, will bring tho mooting to a oloso. Hawkesbury. is snpposod to signal tho com mencement of tho legitimate racing season in New South Wales, and on Thursday noxt tho campaign will commence in earnest, the principal ovant of tbo day boing tbo Hawkesbury Guluoas, tbo result' of which will probably afford somo in sight to tho destination of subsequent ovonts to bo dooidod on Now South Wales torritory. Mr. James White and Mr. W. R. Hall promiso to bo hard to beat for the Guinoas, tbo former having Bargo, Tremando, Iolantho and others to select from ; whilo Garfield and Lord Exoter should provo worthy representatives on behalf of Mr. W. R, Hall. Wero King's Own to oppose tbo piok of tho forsnamed.a grand raco would confidently bo looked forward to, bat iu tho prosent unsattlod stato of atfairs thero is no knowing what animals aro likely to face tho starter. Full details of tho programme to bo played bat at Wyndbam on 0th Scptembor aro an nounced in tho present issno of The Leader. The secretary of tho Victoria Racing Club has issued the following Important notice to book makers who ply thoir vocation on tho hill : — " Complaints having bocn made against book makers on account :of thenamos of horsos not ap pearing on tlio doenmonts issued to the public, 1 am directed to inform you that in futuro the number of your post must be printed nnd tho nnmos of all horses backad bo written in a dear, legiblo hand on such docuinonts. Special notice will bo taken ot any bookmaker failing to comply with tho above." Tho You'll and Country Bays that tho various country trainers aro fast patting in an appearance at Itandwick. Mr, J. Eales's string, consisting of Comet, Friii co Imperial, Honoydow, Tomboy, Crown Jowol and Crystal, under tbo coro of F. M'Carthy, are amongst 1I10 latest arrivals from West Maitland. Thoy all look woll forward, and nro doing good work. Crystal and Crown Jowol are two boantiful fillies. Mr. Andrew Lodor's pair of two-year-olds, Eagle Grango and Bolla Mabone, aro both likely looking youngston, Mr. John Mayo bus also put in an appoaranca. bring- ing with him Bryan O'Lynn and Minnmurra, tho last named being by Vatontia from tbo dam of Empress. Owing to Martini-Henry not having put in all appcaranco on tho Randwick training track lot some mornings, a rumor has been circulated in Sydnoy that ho is afflicted with ringbono, an< has boon blistered. Olliors, however, avor that tho son of Muskot is being kept in rcsorvo to repeat his Melbonrno Cup coup of last year. Owners and trainers who may pay a visit td Now South Wales for tho approaching meetings on tho Clarendon and Randwick courses are to havo ovory inducement hold out to them to try their luck furthor afield in tho same colony. I percoivo that tho committco of tho Northorli Jockoy Club havo advertised a two days' tryst at Maitland on tho 17th and 19th September, thq principal items of which nro tho Northern Jockey Clnb Handicap, of 200 sovs., with a swoop of S sovs, oach for tho starters, second horso to rccciva 20 sovs. from tho prizo, a mile and fivo furlongs, and tho Duckonficld Park Stakes, a handicap o£ 100 bovs. (and a gold cup of tho value of 50 sova., presentod by Mr. W. Nicholson as a remembrance gift), with a swoep of 4 sovs., ono mile and threo furlongs. Entries for these events must reach Mr. W, C. Qninton, tho secretary of tho. Northern Jockoy Clnb, at Maitland, bofore four p.m. on Tuesday, tho 2Cth August, nnd tho handicaps will be declared beforo tho samo timo on Monday, tho 8th September. Tbe race for puro Arabian horses, which has boon causing somo excitement in tho old country for somo time past, took place at tho Nowmarkot July meeting, on the 2nd ult., and according td an English oxchango, "tho result has provcil that any notion which may havo hitherto existed to tho oficct that tho Arab is qualified to ho classed with the ordinary — very ordinary — thoroughbred was quashed beyond recovery. From a long experience in tho east, Jonsiffo, who Is also an eminently successful trainer of the ordinary thoroughbred, is qualified perhaps to givo a sounder and more practical opinion thqn 99 out of 100; and in comparing tho qualitios of tho Arab and tho racehorse, ho ho3 expressed tho opinion that not only is tho moderate selling plater far and away tbo best of pnro Arabs, but il) attempt, ing to tako tho measure of the foreigner, tho time test and not tho ordinary trial question should (a resorted to, the fact boing that an Arab that can cover a miio in anything liko two minutes is exceptionally good." As regards the raco itself, Tom Cannon was the only jockey creu.V.-J with combining the riding and tho train ing profession, dir.. John Maunington brought n couple to tho post. JouSjiEqjvas .do Tlfoiiitod with two strings to hi3 how, Dictator, who-- was tho groat tip of tho party, sporting tho sohcr colors of Mr. Abdnl Rahman Minnee, whilo King Solomon carried tho moro staring scarlet and yellow of Mr. Bourko. Charles Archer was responsible for Kismet, and whoreos Mr, Wood lands brought Fnrplo Emperor from the neighbor hood of Kingsbury, near London, Nowmarket was singly represented by a throe-year-old colt called Asil, by an Aboyau Sherak horso ont of BelUIs. Tho general report of tho trainers con- cerned was the roverso of flattering to tho pro3- poets of bis particular charge, and this was mors particularly the case with tho homo trained- Aeil, who had been tried, so that ho conld hardly win a selling race with the light impost of n postago stamp on his back. Thus, after opening favorito, ho had to cedo tho pride of place to JonsUfc's crack, -Dictator, bat though the latter had tho best of tho weights, as regarded from our notion of ago, he had not tho ghost of a clianco with Admiral Tryon's colt, who won very easily in the hands of Barrett. The details of the race, which proved a great " draw," will bo found ill another column. ' From Now York comes somo cnrio03 informa tion with regard to the gold cup won at Aecot by Mr. J. R, ICcene'B American horso Foxhall in 1882, It seems that tho trophy has been im< - ponnded in that city under the section of tho Tariff Act relating to the manufacture of metals for a duty of 45 per cent, ad valorem ; and as tho cup, which weighs close upon 9 lb. troy, was valued in England at 5000 dollars, no Ios3 than 2250 dollars duty is levied upon it. The cup has been in tho public stores ovor a twolvomonth,. and is shortly to ho sold. Mr. Koone is vory firm in his resolution not to pay duly on a prizo which was won on English soil by an Amorican horso, nnd perchance tho sonvonir may be re turned whence it came. Commenting on the . matter, the -Veto Fori Herald saya : — " If thero can he found another nation on the faco of tho oarth, savago or civilised, that over performed such acts of egregious stupidity as tho Ameri- can nation, 'by dao process of law,' let us haston to learn its name and divide the respon sibility." On Monday 35 additional bookmakers wero registorod by the commiltoe of tho Hawkesbury Raco Clnb, making a total of 72. It having been represented that several of tbo bookmakers had overlooked tho date that had been fixed upon for receiving applications, tho committoo dooided to extend tho timo to noon on Monday next, after which no further applications will bo considered. The booths, refreshment stalls and race books realised £159 at anction. Mr. Jamos Wilson, jnnlor, has taken np his quarters at Konsington, where he has a string of ten horses nnder his charge. Amongst thom are tbonotabilitiesGuesswork, Hesperian, Moteor and Conjecture, and,- as ho lias also fonr yonngstorg in tho contingont, tho worthy sen of a worthy sire will havo every opportunity of testing his 'prontico hand at his new depnrtare. Whilst taking my usual stroll round Fleming- ton racecourso on Wednesday I noticod that thq V.R.O. ranger, Jonathan Brown, had mads an addition of four boxos to thoso locatod underihq hill. Thero are now 73 rabbing boxes oa tho training ground, and, as these aro to be Still furihor augmented shortly by tho erection of fourteen others at tho rear of thoso located at til! south-eastern portion of tho ground, I take ii that thoro will bo littlo cause for grumbling amongst trainors about tho lack of accommoda tion. I also obsorved that tho now roadway for momhers' uso Is rapidly approaching complotioDi albeit thoro is still somo filling in to b'o dono in places. Tho drivo will cortainly bo a pictures, que ciie, for Jonathan lias a rare eye for tho beautiful,, and his tasto and., skill aro obsorvablo in a thousand and ono minor msttera flclail . on tho hill nnd its eorrenadings. Of course I had to inspoct his plants, of which he informod mo bo had rainod 4000 thisseason, for tho rotoran is ab proud of our Australian flora as Baron Yon Muollor him self. There has been great excitement during tho week at Kensington over the election for borough councillors, tho two light weight Sammies— Cracknell aad Paris— proving a source oi much amusement at the olcction mcotings. S. P. Davisisa candidato for municipal honors, and Cracknell a large property holder in tho borough. Potroa dropped a nice chestnut colt foal to Bogoe (a full brother to Robinson Crusoo) on tho night of tho 10th inst. The South Australian Jockey Club ars stated to be getting-up a memorial to Parliament for tho ro-introduotion of the totalisator, which is to ho sent to all porta of tho colony, and is expocted to be signed by 20,000 people. Sardjus, the winner of tho Caulfiekl Guineas last year, and the runner up to Martipi-Henry for the V.K.C. Derby, is stated to haro recovered from the injury to his back which he received during tho autumn. I hopa the report is cor rect, for Sardius was a gem of tho first water. Prom Sydney 1 learn that Anglesey, Britisher and Tbo'Andes have retired from the Metropoli tan Stakos, and that First Demon is to bo treated to a sixjnonths' holiday. Hypatia, Rataplan, Sir Modrod, Blazes, Tramp, Despot, IolantliOj Tempo, Phil Athol, Tomboy, Princo Imperial, Honeydow, lYallangra, Bat- talious, Erin, Rapid, Bargo, Trematulo and I'al- arenda, are roportod as doing sound work at Itandwick. Forty-one (says "Nomo," of the Sydney Mail), still remain, in .for tho Great Metropolitan Stakes, and with exception of about half a score they pre a vory modorate lot indeed. Up to date no decidpi.'fayorito has been made, and very littlo betting. bps taken plaeo. Proprllre. Morning Herald of Wednes- day I extract the following sporting gossip " The beautiful woatljor attracted a large attend ance to R'audwick . yesterday morning, aud a lot cJ solid work was (lone on tho course proper. After centering, Sit Modred and.Tramp q-cro sent a ruiloqiid a Ut\lf. Tho former, who had M'Grado in the saddlo, did not finish well, and ho appears loo stent to bo fairly entitled to hold hie position as first'fa vorito for lho.Hawkesbury Grand Handi- pap.. Despot, Bargo and Tfcmaudo wore Bont a mile and a half.- Tho latter was the first to get jjnlo trouble, whilo the other two finishod strongly and well. ' Reginald went well with T;,' »nd oueydew did a good gallop with Tomboy. Among"1 the olhors.tbnt wont woll were Espidgie, Brian O'Lynn, Maurico, Morceati, Recovery, Blares, ;Re»rotj Wnllangra and Swoot-Willianj. The following were the prices at TaJtoraaH's last evening on tho Pawkesbury Handicap :— 100 to 2 ecb against .Sir Mo.dred .and. Hurricapo, 100 to ltl.B.at.taljons, 100. to 7 Privateor, 100 to 0 to . 100 to 4 any other. Ata meeting of tho commit- \- jtooof the 'Australian Jockey Club, holdyostor- day, ft was decided pot to register the club under the A.'J.C.. rules. Mr. A. F. Smart, of Mona, ias piirohascd.Osrio, by Goldsbrough from Lady Sophia, from-Mr. Knight. The colt will in future bo traiilcil at Warwick Farm," I It, are .been, informed that Mr. I. Foulsham intends. despatching King of tho Gipsies and Mains to Sydney- next week, and as Mr. James Wilson senior will probably try his luck at EandtWck with Littlo . Sister and Off Color I Jiave, little .doubt, that the "Vies."' will more than liold.lrheir own with tho Cornstalks. . Nominations for the Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club winter meeting, on the 12th and 13lh Sep. tembor, must bo lodged with the secretary, Mr. Grco iliold, at Craig's Hotel, Ballarat, before eight p.m. noxbTuosday. Mr. AY.- S. Coxrccoivod excellent ontrios on Thursday for bis next meeting at Moonoa Valley, which is to tako place this day wook. For tho .Hurdle Race a baker's dozen appoar in the list, whilst the August Handicap aud tho Steeple- chase have 19 oach, tho Selling Raco 8, and the Esscndon Handicap 17. Last year Mr. Andrew Town sustained are- verso through hie magnificent brood maro Ame thyst-dropping a foal before tho 1st of August. This year tho foal by Grand Flaneur from Mis fortune was ilroppod at. one o'clock, on that day. Mr.1,. C. M'Donald's loaso of Lookloya having expired, I beliovo it is the intention of that South' Australian sportsman -toremovo his racing stud to Flemington. After travelling through the country districts for some months, in tho principal centres of which he has given successful and interesting exhibitions. Professor Sample, the horse tamer. Las returned to Melbourne, and tqkou up his location at tho sito formerly occupied by him at tli'c corner of Nicholson aud Gertrude streets, whore, he is engaged giving lessons as usual. Mossrs. W. C. Ynille on Monday sold through Molars. Campbell, Pratt aud Co., at Kirk'a Bazaar, the two-year-old bay colt Egbert, by Golijsbrough from Isabella, to Mr. Bland for ISO guineas ; Midnight, the stcoplcchase horse, to Mr, M'Leod for 72 guineas ; a brown horse, D yeajs/ by Maribyrnong— Charity, to Mr, Abrahams for 30 guineas ; King's Head b g, 5 years, by Emperor— Kalo, Mr. Abrahams, S3 guineas ; The Buck, Mr. Cripps, 434 guineas ; and Glenbron, steeplechaser, to Mr, R. Grice for 87 guineas. Mr, Plummcr, a clerical assistant in tho V.R.C. office, has boen appointed secretary to Bowca's TattersaU'n at .a salury of £100 per annum, rice Mr, J. . I. Saqui, resigned. In consequence of tho rapidity with which . iltey are.growing, Sir W, J/CIarko's colt Angler's Gem, by Angler from Topaz, and tho half sister to ProgrcEs, My Charmor by namo, who is (by Angter from Coquette, havo boon thrown out of work, and will not race until thoy are throe years 'Old. The following . horses haro been ' scratched during' the week for their engagements at tho ViotCria Amateur Turf Club's meeting at Caul- field ; on Saturday :— Hurdle Raco — Ontario, Sir Samuel, Ditto", Angler, Merri. Grand National Steeplechase— Fame, Maid of tho Miet, Sir Fyans, Shi Baron and Kulkyno. Balaclava Slakes— Hannibal, Duenna and Squireon, Selling Stakos .—Tippity Witchctt. A; determined rush was made at Sydney on Monday to get on to Sir Modrod for tho Hawkasbury Handicap, an'd tho Maorilhndor was hacked to win close on. £30, 0.00 .from .!! .to 1 down to 6 to 1. He has slnoo receded to 10 to 1. 