The Devil's Chain. Once more am I compelled to refer to the C. D. Act—that ghastly web so deftly woven by the Legis lature, and whose every dark filament leads to a dismal den of unholy horrors. Even as I approach the hideous subject, my heart cramps with sickening dread, and my shuddering imagination shrinks appalled, not only from actual and awful facts known to have occurred under the operation of this loath some Act, but of the fearful possibilities for which it alone is responsible. The tale I have to tell is abhorrent enough, but the desolating possibilities— the withering may-bes—that the. Act permits are terrifically nauseating. Would that my pen were i caustic, and the pages on which I write the hearts of ! our legislators, that I might in letters of fire burn \ into those hearts the harrowing message I have to ] deliver ! . Will no legislative liberator step forward and help "I to break. this Devil's Chain forged by law under innocent and mistaken ideas ? ;Or, rather, will not i all our legislators with oneacqord rend the odious bonds that enchain Cleanliness of Life and Vlrtue, iand ! set these oleeding martyrs free ? I I^jt honorable. Members of the Queensland Parlia- i merit ponder thoughtfully over the repellent tale I now tell them. . ... ' ^ " • " - "Visit with me a humble household, at Kangaroo Point—an unpretending dwelling vvh'ere poverty contends with neatness for dominanee. 'There, live a father; andfo^ ,; The eldest girl is the housekeepers It is her active brain thiat plans how to make both ends meet, and tjiat .makes the house a home to the otherwise lonely father. - It - is her tender ^are that jSlts ihe gaping void- in the hearts of the three other orphans, and makes them ! forget their loss in the solicit-lde and kindness be stowed upon them by her—their sister-mother. This virtubits' and industrious girl adds, to the famUy income whenever she can, by taking in two boarders—generally servant, girls, who are either out of a situation for the time; being, or are on a visit from the country, taking a brief holiday after a spell of hard work. She has only room for two, and she; charges a sum moderate enough to attract servants whose mea,ns are necessarily- as limited as her own. At present, she has two girl-boarders with her—do-; mestic servants both of them..v Oneis temporarily out of employment. The other is on such a visit to town as I have described. Our little housekeeper is busy at her domestic duties. She is cheerful in spite of her straightened circumstances, and hums merrily over her work. But a cloud—a black, grim: shadow—is to mantle her brow i presently. ( ^er two boarders are out. A knock at thfe front door. Can the boarders have returned from their walk so soon ? No. As she opens the door, she is confronted by a stern man of offensive bearing. He is in plain clothes, but he I bouncingly informs her that he is a.policeman, and flourishes in one of his hands a notebook that. looks i as formidable to the poor shrinking girl, as does a ; judge's black cap to a prisoner about tp be condemned | to the scaffold. A conversation .something like the ! following takes place : — ^ " Tou have two young women stopping here, haven't you P " says the plain-clothes man. | " Yes, sir," timidly replies the girl. ! " I want to see them at once," continues the plain- | clothes man. " I have been told they are living here without doing any work." " If you please, sir, they are out," responds the girl. ■ •: " You don't humbug me. I'm up to all them tricks and dodges," bullies the plain-clothes man. Plain-clothes man no, longer ! For the plain clothes ruffian forbed iris way past the timid girl, whom he had just accused of lying, and, without leave or license, searched thehouse throughout. Not finding the two boarders in, his sense of failure seemed to arouse a dormant feeling of rage, and he left the premises muttering this—to her unintelligi ble, but to me significant—thr eat— '.y'Mark. .me;. I will hunt'them down yet !" Tliat iswhat the plain-clothes ruffian did do. Now, I will tell you what he would have done, had the two boarder's "been in the house when he called. And after that, I will tell you what he might have done under this hateful C; D. Act, iand what-the revolting possibilities of the position of affairs were; First, as to what he would have donet Had the. plain-clothes ruffian found those two ser? vant girls, on the premises, he would have induced them, under the promise that they should be molested no further, to sign certain documents. Actuated by the ignorant fear most girls generally betray at being interviewed by a (real or supposed) officer of the C. D. Act, the girls would hare signed those documents only too gladly—not understanding the abyssmal horrjr of their eontents. Those documents once signed, these wretched girls would be forced willy nilly to become additional links in this Devil's Chain that, to the disgrace of civilisation and Chris tianity, has been wrought with such calamitous in genuity in . our city. There would be no escape from this fearful fate. Those documents once signed, the girls would,be lost—body and soul. Those documents oiice signed, if the girls did not answer to the " roll call " on Fridays, a warrant would be issued for their apprehension. Are you all dreaming, you legislators who read this ? Or are you all fiends—diabolical delighters in the covruption of virtue ? Oh ! for pity's sake—for the sake of revered mothers and chaste sisters—step hi and stop this foul impurity "by law established! " ■You' cannot possibly realise what you are countenanc ing, or you would forfeit your lives rather than not prevent it. V''"'• Secondly, as to what he might have done, or what the revolting possibilities of this case were, Under this c.d. Act. ■: Thie plain-clothes ruffian need not have stopped short at the two servant girls. Under this beastly G. D. Act, he might have charged our virtuous and industrious ■housekeeper—our, gentle and. solicitous sister-mother—w ith keeping: aT disorderly house, a house of .ill-fame! ■ ■ ■ Can you conjure up the grisly' phantom that is the ghost of such a possibility ? But there is,a still greater , possibility in the case. I have no evidence before me--~our industrious house keeper and gentle sister-mother had no evidence be fore; her—that this plain-clothes ruffian was a con stable,^ an officer under the C. D. Act. He said he wis and lie carried a notebook. His statemient and his notebook were sufficient' to make our industrious housekeeper believe he was a police officer. His state ment and his notebook would probably have made the two servants (had they been there) believe the same. Does it not follow, then, that any ruffian in plain clothes who chose to run the risk of personating a policeman, could, for purposes of his own, make ignorant girlR believe that he was a constable, and, by inducing them to sign compromising documents, ob tain an ugly hold upon them that would lead them to a loathsome pit of fearfulness ? Conjure up this grisly phantom, too, oh I legislators of Queensland, and probe whether it, is all well wit.hvyour consciences that you have permitted this social cancer to spread its noxious roots and to poison the whole community. Tiking it for granted, however, that the plain clothes ruffian was a police ruffian, he unwarrantably exceeded his duty. No constable has a right to search any citizen's house without a search warrant. Had the girl's father been indoors, the plain-clothes ruffian would not have dared to . have gone through the .premises without that father's permission. He took a cowardly, .advantage..of the poor girl's unprotected position. Had she struck.him insensible with the handiest weapon of offence available, she would have had my hearty sympathy. What becomes of the national boast that " an Englishman's house is his castle," if such ruffianism, as - this is permitted ? I strongly advise the father to prosecute this plain clothes bully for being illegally, on his premises., and I tell him and.tbe world that, if he feels inclined to do so, Figaro will stand any expenses, to. which he is put. , Some conscience-stricken, though bewildered, honorable Member may ask :—" But concerning those two servants for w;hom the plainclothes ruffian was hunting. What fault had they committed ? " . A very reasonable query and one that I now answer. The crime that these two hunted domestics had com mitted was the glaring one of walking down Queen Street in the evening—not, be it remembered, in any rowdy or disorderly manner, but simply as two well behaved, modest .girls might walk upon any fine evening. They .did pot associate with any of the larrikin class.. Th^y, did not,, so far. as I can learn, associate with anybody, but " kept themselves to themselves." Certain is it that they misbehaved publicly in no way whatever. Their crime was that they were seen walking down Queen Street, and were believed to be living without work. I am in a position to produce certificates testify ing to the excellent character of both girl?. These .certifieates are from, their latest em ployers. . Respecting the girl from' the country, I have seen proofs that. her late mistress has written to lier more than once, begging her to cut short her holiday in town and to return to her situa tion, as the children there are positively crying for her. This girl, I can further state positively, has been with that particular mistress, or with members of her family, ever since she was 7 years of age. She is now (say) 18 years old. Do you think a mistress—the mother of children—would be anxious to recall a vicious, or even a fast girl, back to her household P The conscience-stricken honorable Member will now probably ask another question—"What caused the plain-clothes ruffian to jot down the names of these two servant girls in the note-book he so formidably flourished F " Ah! Now we touch upon one of the most offensive sores fostered by and festering under this cancerous abomination styled an Act of Parliament. Who egg the police on to affright respectable girls and to drag them into the Fallen Army of Shame ? One of two sorts of people, under the C. D. Act, perform this vile office. Sometimes the police are egged-on by the degraded vampires of Albert Street, who, fallen from a pure estate themselves, are filled with a malevolent envy of old schoolmates and child-friends, and burn . witha devilish desii'e to see them dragged down to their own ruinous a,nd filthy level. They lie, there fore, the police officers" under the Act, under the pretence of " informing " against some girl—be she as chaste as newly-fallen snow—who, they assert, is leading an immoral life and, at the same time, evading the law. This infernal piece of devilry, as the denizens of Albert Street will tell you with a cold-blooded, brazen leer, is known as "giving the Squareys a turn!" 'J-.;'-:-/ - . Sometimes, again, the lying •'informer" is a male —probably one who has unsuccessfully persecuted a virtuous girl with his odious attentions, and who, having failed.to debauch her privately and in secret, now seeks to accomplish his lecherous ends, by forcing lier into the market of licensed harlotry. • - These be plain words. They may offend the delicacy of some. I cannot help,it. Blunt and rough as/they aie, they are sorely needed. . They Should be trumpeted forth in the highways and byways of Queensland, till, from the annoyance their importunity would cause, our legislators awoke to a sense of the awfulness of this C. D. Act. Dotted around Brisbane and its suburbs in every direction, are cottages ornees that are thoroughly well known, or should be thoroughly well-known, to the police ; yet, because their inmates are und^r powerful protection, they remain unmolested—-so many vice spots in our city; while pure and virtuous girls, whose only crime is that of walking in Queen Street in an orderly and well- behaved , manner, are persecuted by plain-clothes ruffians in the way I have described. Tear down this social scandal; Trample out this Moloch's curse. Queen Street is a public thoroughfare. Decent well-behaved girls have as much right to walk in it as any of us. - Let the police remember that. Let the police take note* too> that Figabo can bite as well as bark. Let them make a memorandum of the fact that Parliament is now in Session, and that awkward and pertinent questions are sometimes asked by honorable Members; I know that I have as many friends as enemies in the House; I hope I have a great many more. Any more of such villainous behaviour as I have described, I will have brought forward in Parliament where the Government must at least hear; and I will never leave anyone who acts as did the plain- clothes ruffian who besmirches this article so plentifully, uutil his offence has been adequately visited with punishment. v But I am in hopes that the Government will not need challenging in the House to take up this, matter. I call upon the G-overnment and all our social philanthropists to take up the cudgels in the case I have sketched. The Presbyterian Assembly passed certain resolutions to the effect that Parluiment should be petitioned to deal with this hideous evil. I ask the Presbyterian Assembly; the City Missionaries and all our social philanthropists, to inquire into the case that forms the backbone of this article. Let any earnest minded reformer call at pay office, and I will supply him with the fullest information I have—the names and address of the girls,v &c.;, which I have here suppressed—and he can ascertain for himself the truth of my statements. Figaro never makes assertions without being able to substan tiate them. Figabo fears nobody and plumps for the truth. I have written this article in good faith and believe every word of it to be true, , 