'Ifoovelist DAN LYONS' DOOM. : , .By WAIF WANDER. ? CHAPTER I. RESIGNATION. 'And this as tho placo?' tho tall, roCned \- looking young man asked, as he seated him self on a stono upon tho hill-sido and Bur . voyed tho country at his foet. ' This in Marranga you havo tallied to mo so much about, Tody ?' ''Tis, mistlior Leonard; wo aro in it at laBt, praises be. Thoro faronint you* is big Mount Rohan, with tho little township lying at tho nit of it. just tho same as it was twelve years ago. And now look below you to your right ; do you see tho low house wid tho trees ' a'most a-top of it, and Boban Creok creeping along by it like a thread of silver in tho grass ? Well, that's St. Ilerrick's place.' V Ah, I seo it, Tady ; and your golden claim, where did itlio?' ' Where it lies yet, ploaso God. Do you seo tho big dead treo sticking whito like a skeleton, out of tho slopo behind the houso ? The claims woro not twenty yards from that.' 'Well, now Tady, just tell me the story of tho St. Herrick's on tho spot whilo I smoke a pipe. It has always seemed to mo a very unreal story ; perhaps I may feel more liko crediting it if I hear it hero on tho spot from which I can seo the scene itself.' 'You wor over an' always a hard nut, misther Leonard, and wouldn't beliovo the priest himself if he wint against you: but here you aro now, afthor travellin' thousands av miles to make a liar of mo an' you can't do it.' Leonard ProBser laughed pleasantly as he manipulated his tobacco, and looked slyly at tho oomioal figure seated near him on the grass. ' I don't know so much about that, Tady. What witnessos havo you at Marranga ?' 'I was just wondorin',' Tady returned, thoughtfully. 'If he's hers yet,' there's a gentleman lives in ono of them whito houses beyont tho bridge that can tell you tho story os well as I can, an' bodad, ho may tell it, for I won't nevor again. I'm tired of being mid ? believed and misdoubted.' 'If I thought you wero in earnest, I'd go straight back to Corbally again,' tho young man replied, laughingly, as ho put a match to his pipo and began to smoke onjoyably, ' but I know that you cannot wish for a greater proof of my confidence in you than that. I should havo followed you half round tho world to seo Marranga and tho lost olaim.' ' That's truo, aur, but all tho same I'd liko Mr. Pollard to tell you about it, if ho's to the fore, but twelvo years is a long timo.' ' Who was Mr. Pollard?' ' Ho was a magistrate, an' a groat friend intirely of Colonel St. Ilerrick's. But here, I'll say no moro till wo go down to tho town Bhip. Seo, there's tho coacli juBt turnin' round tho Gap road- - sho'll get in an hour be fore us.' Tho young gentleman did not reply. Ho was thoughtfully scanning tho landscape be neath and around him with the doubly in tense enjoyment of a lover of nature debarred irom a view of her charms for tho many weeks occupied by a long Bea voyage, and thinking not a little about tho events con nected with tho St. Herricks, of whom ho had so often hoard from his humble friend, Thadeus Connor. An thoy aro seated there, Bilently, let mo desoribo the two dissimilar beings who play no uneventful part in this story. Leonard Prosser was twenty-throe, and a picturo of handsome and muscular hoaltli. In his bronzed face, every feature indicated an intelligent and lovoablo naturo, his dark hazel oyes espooially having tho olear, frank expression of a thoughtful yet frank and fearlesB nature. Ho was attired in service able, well-out tweed, and had a soft brown folt hat on his short brown curls. ThadeilB Connor was thirty.fivo, if a day, and was about OB ordinary a specimen of ? v humanity as you oould imagine. He wos ' - short of stature, thin-limbed and big-jointed. His arms wero too long for the Bizo of his , little form, and his oyes, set deep in their sookets under pent-houses of red hair, were . fiory and small like a ferrets. His round shoulders and odd figure wero exaggerated by a tightly-fitting coat and trousers of a bright bluo, decorated amply with brass buttons, and a brilliant peaoook's feather was stuck in the front of his stiff, low-orowned block hat. A ? vory glittering Albert denoted the presenoe of a watoh. in his pooket, and a great gold ring adorned one of his stumpy little fingers. The expression of every lino of his form atid ovory twinkle of his little oyos was of ounning and solf-concoit, but thoso who knew tho littlo Irishman well oould havo told how true and faithful was tho hoart few gave him credit for possessing. ' There's a path oloso to us on the right ; I wonder whero it goea to?' said Leonard, ' breaking the silenoe at last. ' The place where the Colonel was buried was up there on the Bido of tho hill,' replied the Irishman,, as he turned his faoe over his shoulder to soan the tracks alluded to ; ' but by the piper that- played before Moses, wherever it goes to there's an angel eomin1 down it?' As was only natural, young Prossor turned also to see what had drawn the exolamation from his humble friend, and he too saw ; coming along the green fair hillside, a form ( 'that might at least have been one in a dream of . heaven bo uweot and unearthly it was in tho fnireat loveliness. It was a young girl of cloven or twelve yoars, followed by a coal blaok Newfoundland dog. So strange alto gether was tho appearanco of this ohild that Leonard Prosser hesitated ero ho decided she was truly an inhabitant of this lower world. About oloven years old, as I lmvo said, tho girl was small for hor ago, and by far tcjo delicately slender. Kho was attired in a palo bluo dress, over whioli fell down to hor very waist a cloud of tho most lovely fair hair that over grow on a ohilrt'n head. It was not golden fair, but of that far rarer hue that re sembles the side ot a young fawn with tho gloss of satin on every hair. Thopalo face, overshadowed by tho drooping brim of a broad Tuscan hat, was eo delicately outlined in evory fraturo that no waxen ono was over moro perfectly modelled, nor yet lmd a brighter rose on il,a cheeks, and in overy lino oT the face and form there was expressed a calmness and pence that was surely not of this world. As the iiirl neared tho men sho looked at them steadily, and without a trace of fear in tho soft blue eyes over which tho fair lashes fell liko a veil ; but the great dog moved steadily toiler side and examined tho friends cautiously as bIio paused beforo them and spoke. ' You aro strangers ? ' she asked gently. 'Yes, cjuito strangers,' Loonard replied, with a sinilo that at onco assured tho ohild she was addressing ono who was to be truBted. ' Wo havo only come to Marranga within tho hour ; and you ? ' ' II oh I am no strangor. I was born at Marranga.' There was a pauso, in which Tady's small oyes soemed _ to settle thomsolves on tho child's faco with a great wondor in thom. ' Aro you tho gentleman who has takon St. Horrick's?' she asked hesitatingly, os sho gazed at Loonard, while she held more olosely to her breast a cluster of golden^bloasoms she waa carrying. ' ' I thiuk not'; wo havo as yot mado no arrangements for residing at Marranga.' ' I beg your pardon,' tho child said gontly ; ?' St. Herrick's was mama's homo onco, and wo heard somo gentleman had rented it. I did so hope it would bo somo ono nice.' Tho last sentenoo was repeated thought fully, as her eyos wandered down to tho low house among the trees that Tady had pointed out as St. Herrick'e. ' Stay Miss,' tho Irishman said eagerly, 'as tho girl was turning to go on hor way. 'Aro you a St. Iierrick ? ' ' Yes, I am Resignation St. Herrick — the lato Colonel St. Herrick was my father.' 'I thought so,' Tady cried, ' you havo tho poor Colonel's eyes as liko as two peas.' ' Mama eay3 so ; did you know him ? did you know my dear f atnor ? ' and tho rosy flush spread from tho soft cheeks all over tho fair faco. 'Yes, Miss, I know him well. I waa here at Marranga I supposo before you wero born.' ' Yes, it must havo been. Papa was dead bofore I was born, that is tho reason mama called mo Resignation. Did you lovo my papa? ' ' Everyone respected and liked liim !' Tady said quickly. ' No, not ovoryono ; there was a bad man — you forget — tho man who killed him.' ' Yes, tho curse o' God on him, I forgot Dan Lyons I ' Tady cried angrily. 'Ilush, do not speak wrong words. God knows best himself. May I shako hands with you because yon know my dead papa ? ' ' God bless tho child I ' tho honest Irish man said, as ho clasped the little slender hand that was tendered him. ' You will shako hands with mo, too, as a now friend ? My name is Leonard Prosser,' the young gentloman said, putting out his hand also, ' and will you introduce me to your dog? Dogs and I aro always great friends.' ' My dog is called Guardian, sir, for ho takes caro of mo, and is a very faithful dog. Aro you going to stay hero sir? ' ' Yes, dear, wo think of remaining for somo timo near Marranga.' 'I am glad, I shall seo you again. Good bye now ' and the child made a grave bow to Leonard and Tady, and thon glided down the path toward St. Herrick's. 'Isn't that quaro now?' tho Irishman asked as they stood and watched the light form passing through tha underwood that skirted the eminence on which thoy had been seated, ' that wo should meot Colonol Her rick's daughter tho very lirat on landing in tho placo ? ' 'It is a strange coincidence, truly. This child was not born then, when you lelt Mar ranga, Tody?' 'No, but ono was expected if tlio mother lived. God help her, it was a hard trial she had to bear. What do you say to getting down to the township now, Mr. Leonard? Tho ooaoh is nearly in, and we'd better be Beein' alther our thraps.' CHAPTER II. IDE DESERTED CLAIMS. A few hours later found Loonard Prossor and his companion, tho little Irishman, seated in Mr. Pollard's oflice at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over tho fact of that gentleman being still a rosidant of that neighborhood. He had introduced his young master, and given the J.P. a sketch of his doings during his absenco from Australia, and now he was greodily inquiring as to the events of tho last twelve years in quiet Marranga. ' And so you toll me that a piok has never been struck in them claims Bince, Mr. Pol lard ? ' ' Not Bince our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of the claims had paid well, you know, and they were abandonsd after that awful murder. Even you went, Tady.' ' I wint, yes,' the Irishman said aggress ively ; ' but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had the bost in No. 2, but on aooount of the place gottiu' a bad name — you know that yourself, sir.' ' Yes, a story of the olaim being haunted, got abroad, and overy shaft was dosorted ; but as I said bofore, there was not muoh tempta tion — no load was over found.' ' I don't know that,' obstinately asserted Tady, ' I had a fool of a mate, or I believe we were on the right track. An' thin' I got the master's letter oallin' me home to look afther Mr. Leonard hero.' 'He means my fathor,' explained tho young gentleman. 'You must know that Tady and I aro foster brothers, and his jaunt out to the diggings was an cscapado of whioh his friends did not approve.' ' Well, I'm baok again in spite of 'em,' said Tady ; and now, Mr. Pollard, tell Mr. Leonard tho story — no ono knows it better nor your self.' ' It!waa'a sad'atory/'^thopleasant- looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as ho pushed the wino toward hi3 now friend, young Leonard ; ' and a great Bhook to mo personally was tho doath of my friend, Colonel St. Herrick. It is about fifteen years ago now, I think, since ho first settled here with a wife, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly after their arrival at Mar ranga. ' The colonel had some independent means, and built tho houso known yot as St. Her rick's on the ground ho purchased ; but when, somo years after, ' tho gold fover found its way to Marranga, ho waB one of the first who sunk a shaft and found, as he considered, Buf fioient indications of the preoious metal to induce further efforts. 'For some timo, howover, ho oould not eucccedm inducing anyone to join him,thefow rosidunta being oooupiod in farming, or busi ness of ono kind or other, and tho placo lmv iDg not yot become known suflioicntly to on oourago regular diggers. At last, however, tho Colonel camo to mo ono day in groat spirits with tho nowa that ho had employed a man who had accidentally called in travelling toward tho Murray. ' It was somo timo, howover, boforo St. Herrick told me that ho had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and when tho facta camo out «nd woro made publio thoro woro many who wondored that my friond would havo vontured on Btioli a step as permitting tho man to work an his [mitner, as woll as becoino an inmato of his liomo. The foots appearod to bo that in Iroland, through tho cividenco of St. Herrick, Dan Lyons had been sentenced to ten years penal servitude for shooting with intent at a land bailiff, whom ho was obnoxious to, and that the evidence was never forgiven, the murder of poor St. Herrick was a proof.' ' It was Dan Lyons, thon, who committed the foul dead ? ' Leonard questioned. 'Undoubtedly, though tho wretch has es caped and bnfllud juBticc. It was Lyonshim aelf that gave tho alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You romcmborthat, Tarty ? ' ' Av ooorse, I mind it well. There was a regular hullabulloo when ho kum to No. 2 screechin' that the claim was fell in an' that tho Colonol was below. There was only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round about No. 1 was so druv wid drives that wo know 'twas unsafe to stand anear whero the great gap of ground fell in. Tho way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took us three days to do it.' ' Ayo,' respondod Mr. Pollard, ' threo ter rible days for the poor widow who would hope to tho last, though we all know that tho Colonol must havo perished for want of air shortly after tho ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to be ono of tho most active workers, but ho was''jn roality retarding tho search, and ho disappeared from tho moment that St. Herriok's corpse was seen with a note-book in ono stiftonod hand and a pencil in the othor.' ' Tho poor fellow [had loft ovidonco against his murderer ? ' 'Yes. In tho few scrawled words written in darkness and in tho oppression of doath, he told how Lyons had cut away tho props, and told him ol tho revenge ho had planned — told him of it ero ho escaped himself, and whilo tho soil waa slowly settling down be tweon him and his victim. Thcro was no more but a blessing on his wife and his un born babe.' ' Wo saw tho littlo girl to-day,' Leonard said, and he related what had passed between Resignation and them. ' Sho is a lovely girl,' he added, ' but looks very delicate.' 'Sho lias grown up with the vory shadow of the gravo on her,' Mr. Pollard returned. ' The very name givon her was tho last that should have been chosen, for hor mother has never been and nover will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and somo day sho will seo her husband's mur derer brought to justice hero on tho spot whero ho died, and tho dead father is al most tho solo subject of conversation between her ond her littlo girl.' ' Whero do they livo now ? ' Tody asked. ' In o littlo house I had built for thom after tho Colonel's death. On his affairs being settled it was found that there was but a few hundreds left after tho houso and land was paid off. St. Herricks being put in tho market, I bought it myself, and offered to take Mrs. St. Herrick as a tenant, but she de clared it would be impossible to remain whero sho had been so happy, and whero every thing would remind her of her dead husband, so I built tha cottage where they now livo ; it ia on tho slope above tho old placo, Tady ; you will remember it ? ' ' Yes, sir, well.' 'Tho property has been a loss to me,' the good man continued, ' for a story of its being haunted stood in the way of its being occupied. Now, however, I havo justeoourod a tenant whoso profession ought to prevent any superstitious terrors from affecting him.' 'What is ho?' 'By his dress, I should say a member of somo religious order, and his mother calls him ' Father James.' ' Ho haa a family, then ?' ' A mother and sister, and ono serving man, as far as I could' see. And*now about yourselves.' You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?' ' Wi' tho help o' God. I'm as sure as I Bit hero that there's lumpB.of gold in that gully, Mr. Pollard.' . ' Well I hope there may bo, for your sake, and Mr. Leonard's too. Whero uro you going to put up?' ' At tho hotel, for tho presont, Mr. Pol lard,' replied Leonard. ' I must have a look at those wonderlul claims before I decide on entering on the life of a digger, for I must confess that I don't at all sharo Tady'tj cer tainty of a golden olaim.' .' More shame for yon to say it,' oried Tady, angrily, as he got up from his Beat ; ' but if you're oomin', we havo no timo to lose, Mr. Leonard.' ' Wo had proposed a viuit to tlie olaims,' young Prosser explained. ' It is not a long walk, I believe.' ' About half a mile only. Stay, Mr. Pros ser; if you havo no objeotion, I will walk with you. It is years since I saw the place, whioh has, as you may suppose, Bad recollcc tions for me.' It was a lovely spring afternoon ; and as the trio crossed lioban Creek and mounted tho slope beyond, it was on almost simul taneous impulse that slackened their steps to admire tho soone around them. The gliding waters of tho creok, glistening among its fringes of sweet-scented flowering wattle; tho Btately Mount liobaii, heaving up his huge sides, laden with their wealth of forest, flushed in the warm, bright sunbeams ; the sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with eontont sheep and cattle, until lost in the low line of bluo hills in the distance — all formed as sweet a landscape as Leonard Prossor had ever gazed upon. ' It is lovely,' he said, 'and so different from what I fanoied. My idea of Tady's dig gings was of something wild and rough, and not of a loveliness such as this.' 'In ten minutes you will see something more liko what you expected, Mr. Prosser,' observed the J.P. ' The gully is even wilder now than when you loft it, Tady. Tho curse of shed blood seems to be on its very grass.' Turning to the right they passed tha over grown garden that surrounded the dwelling known as ' St. Herricks,' and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil all Leonard's dreams. It seemed to be a cleft in the hills down whioh tho dry traok of a winter torrent, and up tho Bloping sides of whioh straggling trees grew, and wild foliage flourished rankly. Hera and there woro broad level Bpots that had been swept in winters gone by from the green hill sides, and toward one of thoso level places tho steps of Mr. Pollard turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify all that Mr. Pollard had said of it, where the grass vainly Btruggled to hido the sunken loval and the thrown up heaps that denotod the' placo where thoy had dug to recover tho body ol a foully-murdered man. Huge trees with out one sign of leafy verdure on them stretched thoir bare, bleak, crooked limbs over it as if in warning and guard, and among the scarred, hard soil, where no grass would grow, a few treaoherouB holes with liohens waving long tendrils down their cavernous depths, denoted whero tho deserted nhafta of tho long ugo miners had boon. ' Is this at all liko what you oxpooted, Mr. Loonard?' tho gentleman asked, os ho paused on tho edgo of tho sunken lovol. ' It is worao,' almost whisporod tho young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror. ' I scarcely wondor that mon would bo unwilling to work liore, oven for gold. What do you say, Tady 1 ' ' I don't know what to say, sir ; tlioro'a an awful change horo nuro enough, and thoy Bay tha'. a curao will always lio whoro a man has been killed. What happoned tho trees, Mr. Pollsrd? They woro lino box trees twelvo years ago.' ' There was a bush fire that liolpod tho desolation, I beliovo, Tadv, Can you point out your old claim ? ' ' For sure, sir. Tho Colonel's No. I was hero whero the ground's low, and our's was that ono'boyant thore, whoro. tho green thing is swinging about.' Thoy advanced to [tho odgo of Tady's old shaft and looked down into the darkness. Leonard lifted a stono and threw it down, and as it splashed into hidden water the Irish man shuddorod as if a cold wind had struck him. ' I think your gold-digging at Marranga will never bo resumed, Tady,' young Prosser said. ' Thoro is wator down thoro, and a flooded claim is no joko to taokle. At all events, I resign on tho spot all interest in No. 2, it would seem to mo liko digging in a' grave.' ' Tho place of graves has not nlwoys been respected in tho search for gold in our new land,' observed Mr. Pollard, ' but lot us go ; I own I shall bo glad to got away from thiH melancholy spot.' 'What waB I sent hero for at all ? ' mur mered tho Irishman discontentedly. ' Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year; warnins of all Borts, I had to come back again to the ould place ; what was it for if 'twas not for the goold ? ' ' Maybe 'twas to meot tho priest, Tady,' Leonard aaid smilingly. ' Is this your now tenant approaohing, Mr. Pollard ? I should judgo so from his dress.' ' Yes, it ia he,' replied Mr. Pollard, a3 ho paused to speak to the olorgymon who was approaohing. Father James was a mon bo strange in form and movement as to draw tho eyes of both Leonard and hia fostor-brothor olosely upon him ; he was tall and gaunt in mako, and his long, prieat-liko blaok coat hung so loosely around him as to suggest a decreaso in bulk since it had boon mado for him. Indeed, tho faoo, showing palely uuder tho brood brim of tho clerical hot that was drooped over it, waa that of an invalid — tho white, hollow, closo Bhaved oheeks, tho great, sunken dark eyes, with tho blue oirolos round them, suggesting a far from perfect state of hoalth. On meet ing him Tady, with tho usual respect o his countrymen for their clergy, mado him a respectful reverence, that waB acknowledged by oourt nod as the strangor stopped to speak to his landlord. ' A strange looking man and a sickly ono, I should say,' observed Leonard when they had separated by some stops. ' He belongs to somo foreign order I think— eh, Tady ? ' ' Aye, sir, tho dreas ia different from our clergy? but what eyes ho has — they seemed to look right through me, an' I declare it seems to me os if I'd seem 'em before somc whero.' ?' Maybe you did, Tady. There wero two or threo continental priests at Corbally col lecting for somo charity last .summer.' ' I waB none of them, Mr. Loonard, for I nover lost a mass whilo they were there, an' I seen 'em all.' ' I don't think you ever loBt a mass if you oould help it, Tady. What will you do hero ? I understand there iB no ohopel hero.' ' No I ' replied Tady vieiously, ' it's mostly Protestanta that are at Marranga — the hothenB ; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was forgettin' yon wor one, but you must own that if there were as many Catholics about, tho placo wouldn't be without a church or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that thero is a priest. If he's in orders 'twill bo a great comfort to me.' They wero now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whose pleasant countenance had a broad smile on it as thoy moved on, Tady falling, as he always did, a littlo in the rear. ' You have heard something pleasant from our clerical friend ? ' said Leonard. ' I don't know that it was exactly the agreeable naturo of what Father James told me that tiokled me, but it was tho idoa of Paddy's sensations when ho hears it. What do you think the priest told me, Tady ? ' ' Ho wouldn't tell you anything bad, any how,' the Irishman replied Btoutly. ' Of courso not, hut something very unex pected. What do you think ho is going to do, Mr. Prosser ? ' 'I oan't guess.' ' Ho is going to open up the old ground we have just been inspecting. He iB going over to see it now. He says that he has a man with him who knows the ground, and who has a great opinion of the prospeots in No. 1 beforo it was abandoned, and ho's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Teddy ? ' ' I'll tell you what I think I ' oried Connor, triumphantly. 'I think that priest or no priest he won't get No. 2 olaim, for I'll go back and peg it out this minnit 1 By Jovs, we can set all the ghosts in tho oountry at defiance now when there's a olergyman in tho ground, an' we'll take plinty ov gold baok to ould Corbally yet afthor all, Mr. Leonard 1 ' CHAPTER III. Leavinq ? his oompaniona suddenly, Tady Connor started baok toward tho gully they had just left, but long beforo he roaohed it ho saw the tall,' blaok figure of the priest stand near the scattered spot - whioh had been the grave of Colonol St. Herriok, and it scemod to the Irishman that in spite of tho presenoe of that old man, the gloom of the spot was deeper, and the gaunt branches of the dead trees ovon moro threatening of aspect than they had been a short hour previous ; but ho oast the fancy from him with an execration on his own folly. 'I was over an' always a fool with tlio superstition, an' I must havo sucked it wid mo mother's milk, for sho was just as bad I What'ud make the plaoo blaoker beoauso tho father is thore 1 ' and ho trod toward him with a step that made tho dry sticks orack, and the dead grass rustle. The olergyman heard tho sounds and turned slowly to meet, as he doubtless oxpooted, tha gentloman ho had so lately partod from, but aquiok frown shaded tho white face as he drew tho broad hat lower over it at Bight of Tady Connor. ' Mr. Pollard tould mo that ye wor goin' tb take up one of tho old olaims, your reverence, and I oame baok to tell ye that No. 2 i3 mine. You see I worked it long ago, and it belongs of right to me, plaza your reveronoo. ' I am not in orders,' was tho reply, in a deep, hollow voice as if tho words wero spoken through clenched teeth, 'and olaim no right as a clergyman. What is that you are saying about thoae olaims ? ' ' Mr. Pollard bos you're goin' to work 'om, sir, an' I am makin' it known to you that No. 2 waa my olaim long ago.' 'When?' 'asked tho' man wo know as Father James. ' Nearly twelve yoars ago, your roveronoe, before that inurtherin' villain Dan Lyons killed the Colonel in this olaim — may the ourso of God rest on him now and for over, amen I' Father James started baok almost os if tho impulBivo Irishman hod Btruok or threatened him, and Tady's ropontanco was quiokly evinced. ' I beg your reverenoo's pardon, humbly,' ho said ; ' but when I think of tho BCOUndr;-l I forgots myself. You havo heard about Colonol St. Herrick's bein' dug out dead here, Bir?' ' Yes, I. havo heard tho story. And you worked horo ?' ' Yes, sir, in No. 2 — that Bhaft thero ; and I'll work in it again, please God, now that your reverence is going to have a hand in it.' ' I toll you, man, I am not in orders, and I don't want any of your rovorenoea,' Father Jamoa repeated angrily, as he turned his thia whito faoo away from Tady. ' Sorra one o' me careB whether you are in orders or not, your roverence,' reiterated Tady. 'At all ovonts, you wor once, an' I knows my duty in respect to the clergy. Besides' — and the speaker dropped his voice and looked around him timorously — ' itgives mo courage tu stand here unoar a man that has stood beforo tho altar.' ' What do you mean ? What aro you afraid of, you fool ? Do you think that o dead man has power to harm you ?' ' No, your roveronco ; but you know well that tho place whore a soul has been parted from tho body by foul murder is aconrsod. Look round you, sir ; the trees have withered here, and the grass won't grow. There isn't a bird ever sings in them dead branohos, or a drop of rain ever falls to wet that hard clay ; but I b'liove in my heart that if the murderor was to oomo and put his foot on that ground it would open and swallow him up.' Involuntarily Father James drow his foot back from the spot where it had restod on tho sunken level, and an angry red burned in his hollow cheeks. ' You are a fool, I'told you that boforo,' ho Baid, ' as if Nature's laws would permit of miracles; but I wiah it* was true. I wish that the ground would open at the touoh of Dan Lyons' foot, for 'twould save me a good deal of labor digging out all this soil.' ' Does your revorenoo know whero ho is ?' added Tady, in lopen-mouthed wonder. 'Know I not I, of oourso not; but ono fool makes many, and wo are told to answer a fool according to bis folly.' ' Yea sir,' Tady replied humbly, though ho didn't at all understand what Father Jamea meant. 'But will you pleaso to toll me sir if it's truo that your going to open up No. 1 again?' 'I am,' was 'to short reply; 'I have machinery coming up in a day or two, and a man that knows tho ground to work it. Whioh shaft do you claim ? ' ' That ono sir,' and Tady pointed to tho shaft down whioh tho long sprays of a creep ing plant wero lovolily swaying, ' and I'll peg it out now for safety sako.' 'Have you a miners' right?' Fathor James asked with a scowl. ' Yes, sir, and so has Mr. Leonard ; we camo a purpose to dig at Marranga.' ' Who is Mr. Leonard? ' ' My master, your reverence ; you aaw him with Mr. Pollard a bit ago,' and honeat Tady launched into a volley of praises all devoted to Mr. Leonard. Very few were tho words that the priest Baid, but beforo ho parted from tho voluble Irishman he know all about his long ago ex periences at Marranga, and his fester brother's wealth and position, whilo of him self or family Tady could not carry to tho township one iota of intelligence. 'A holy man,' was Tady's opinion, self expressed, as he walked to rejoin his joung master, ' and I think ho has some vow on him, ho is so quiet and still.' Ayo I Father James had a vow on him, but it was ono that Tady Connor would no more have dreamed of than ho would of robbing a sacristy I Let us follow tho olergyman and seo what was hia opinion of tho garrulous Irishman. At the weathor-Btained gate that opened to tho overgrown gardens of St. Herrick's, he paused for a little to look down u jJon the township that was plainly visible from where ho stood, but had 'any one been there to watoh that pallid oountenanco they must have recognised the fact that his thoughts were not on tho white houses by tho roadBide, or tho painted bridge over the oreek, near which the V.ll. on the board at tho white polico station was plainly visib'o. In the deep sot eyes a lurid fire burned. The long fingers with which he clutched the top bar of the gate soemed to hold it with a grip of iron, rigid aa the set teeth and compressed lips oi the man. A Btop oame down tho garden waljt, but ho did not hear it, for he started when a hand was laid on his arm. ' Haa anything gone wrong, brother ? ' was the question that he heard, and saw re peated in tho dark faco and tho keen eyes bent bo near his own. ' No— yes,' was tho eontradiotory reply. I havo been down at the old place.' ' At tho olaims ? ' ' Yes.' 'And it has upsot you. I thought you wero of different stuff, brother.' ' It waa not altogether that, but I mot a man thero whoae preBeuoo may. be of evil in fluence for us. Do you remember a littlo Irishman named Tady Connor working .in tho Gully twelve years ago ? ' 'Ayo, do I; ho wattin No 2.' ' Well, ho has oomo back all the way from Iroland to try that olaim again, and I am afraid of him.' 'Wliy ? Do you remember him ? Does he know you?' 'Brother, you havo forgotten that Dan Lyons is dead ; how' should I, who have never aeon Marranga beforo, know thiB man, or ho mo? ' ' I stand oorreotod,' the man who oalled Father James ' brother ' Baid ; ' yot thoro are sometimes fanoied resemblauoes.' ' Yes,' interrupted the priest, ' and I think this Connor bow something in my faoo that reminded him of the past. I hope it is not so, but the idea troublod me.' Tho brother looked long and steadily into Father Jamoa' faco, and thon he said with deoision — ' There is not tho most distant family re somblanoo ; there iB not a line, or a feature, or an exprossion like Dan Lyons.' ' That is well. Cornelius, what sort of man was this Connor in thoso days? Dan Lyons, I think, know very littlo about him.' Connor was a fool; an ignorant, preju diced, conceited fool, who would believe any thing you told him, but was very religious in bis way. Curse these religious people — they do mora misohief than a host of devils I How did he treat you ? ' 'With the greatest respeot — with exagge rated reverenoe, in faot.' ' As a olergyman, of oourso ' ' Yes.' 1 ' Oh, then it is all right ; in that oharaoter you can twist Tady Connor round your finger.' ' I aaw another old acquaintance of Dan's.' ' Who ?' ' John Pollard.' ' Ah I did he soo any family likoness ?' ' No, I am Bure he did not. I told him of' our intention to re-open the olaim.' ' That's right ; and you told him also that you had one of the old men who understood tho ground ?' ' I did.' ', ' Thon everything ia going on right ; and now I think you had better go in to tho mother ; she's been awfullyfrestless sinco you wont out.' Fathor James looked toward tho west, wherein a gorgeous robo of rod and purple ond gold the sun was saying farewell to Marranga, and a strong shudder, shook him from head to foot. ? ' Will you nevor get ovor it, brother ?' Cornelius asked, with an almost womanly tenderness ; ' and you bo strong-minded in every othor way. You ore ready to foco the retribution wo aro working for at any day and any hour, yot you shudder at n phantom of your own fanoy.' ' It is no fancy, Oornoliua ; I am ready for tho living, but not for tho dead. Fanoy I is that fanoy?- Aro these fanoy?' and ho hold out hia emaciotcd, trembling wriata. ' No, but you aro killing yourself by trying to fortify yourself for tho imaginary horror.-* of the night; the spirits you drink would kill the strongest man alive.' 'It does not kill me, I should dio without it.' He turned toward tho houso, half hiddon by the trees, as ho was speaking, and walked toward it, a tall unbending form that seemed shadowy onough to belong to some other world, yot had hidden beneath tho blaok robe all tho horrors that the crimen of earth could ooncentrate into one deed. ' . The house known as St. Herriok's wa3 i'a low-roofed building of small accommodation, and its dark stono walls were so covered with ivy, that only hero and thore whore the gleam of small windows mado themselves known, could the material of whioh it was built be identified. It had mora than the gloomy look, too, of a house untonantod for long years, espeoiolly at sunset, whon tho toll oypress-like trees cast their long shadows acrosa the threshold. Standing on the threshold as tho brothers approached it, was an indolent-looking young girl of low stature and a heavy build. Every feature in her faoe was heavy, from the snub nose and the alow, dark eyes, to tho thiok fringe of black hair cut straight acrosa her low flat forehead. She had a sulky look, too, aa sho stood there watching her brothers' ap proach listlessly, and her ungainly figure was so bedizened with soiled finery, in the shape of laoo and ribbons that the befringed and be flounced black dross looked shabbier than oven it was under the contrast. ' It isn't bad enough to to bo in a gaol like this, but we must bo starved waiting for our supper,' she said, sullenly, as Father Jamea passed hor, and went inside, but Cornelius only laughed in her faco as he chuoked her fat, heavily moulded ehin. ' A pretty girl like you, Nora, wont bo in gaol, as you call it, long. You'll bo having no end of sweothearta about you when the Marranga boys begin to find you out.' 'I don't think there's any boys about,' she said, with a pout of her thick lips. ' That's whero you're wrong, Nora ; thore was one asking about you to-day.' ' Now you're up to some of your larks, Corney,' she said, doubtingly ; but hor oyes sparkled, and her brother aaw it. ' Faith I'm not. Oh, honor bright, Nora, he saw you through the trees, and he's bound to mako your acquaintance.' ' Who is he ? ' the girl asked eagerly. ' His name is Tddy Cjnnor.' ' Tady Connor,' sho repeated thoughtfully ; and little guessed Cornelius Brady, as ha oalled himself, vrhat a bomb of destruotion he hod thrown under his own roof when ho mentioned the name of Tady Connor to his sister Nora. In tho kitchen of St. Herricks, which, it would seem, was used as a common room by tho Brady family, a smoking supper was spread upon the table, at which a woman oi some sixty years was Btanding whon Father James entered. Sho was a tall, thin womaii, with Btrong hands and wiry arms — the hands and arms of a woman who had worked hard all her life, and was dressed in the homely fashion of an Irish farmer's wife. Her grey hair was drawn up from her low forehead under a white muslin aap, her dress waa pinned up ovor a blue woollen petticoat, and a cheokod apron was sproad over ull the front of her skirts. A small shawl covered her Bhoulders, and waa orossod on her breast, and if a person had cursorily glanced at Mrs. Brady they must havo Bet her down as an uctive, bustling woman, and a notable house wife. (To be continued.') ' 