ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THE GHOST.] Sorrento ! The very namn is suggestive of warm skies, sunshine, the blue waves, and above all of the dolce far niente. Fitting is it therefore thatto the spot so named should our Ministers, wearied with the labours of a four months Parliamentary session, during which there was no wicked Opposition to disturb their serenity or 'ruffle their tempers, retire to recruit their overtaxed systems, and lay in a fresh stock of energy for the next campaign. Mr. Service, so his intenes say, finds his health much improved by Iis weekly trips to his sea-side retreat, although now that the ap pointment of the Civil Service Commis sinners has freed him from the visits of pertinacious billet hunters, his official labours are considerably lightened. The Attorney-General, Mr. Kerford, whose robust health-like the militia-does not require much recruiting-accompanies his political chief, not to "talk shop," but siiply to obtain what he somewhat un poetically-bearing in mind that he is in Sorrento-terms "a sniff of the briny." Perhaps now, however, that little more than three months of their long holiday has to run, Ministers will begin to realise their responsibilities, and bestow some little time and attention on the measures thov intend submitting to the Houses when they o at last re-assemble. In fact they have informed the public, through their daily Press "interviewers," that they intend shortly to tackle business and consider tice drafts of the bills they intend to bring in. Accoitding to present ap pearances, tise Legislative pabselues to be offered honourable members has much of thle Barmeoides feast about it. Had not Mr. Deakin, tihe Minister of Publie Works, in one of his post pransditi delivorauces let the cat out of ties bag in regard to the intentions of his colleagues to do as little as possible to avoid raising any "burniog questions," and generally to make things pleasant, thus inviting a lecture on the whole duty of Ministries from thl.journalistic scribhs who take upon themselves the "bossing" of the Govern ment, tIe bill of fare for tie coming session would have been a most meagre one. 'he indiscretion of the youngest member, and decidedly the most impressionable, of the Ministerial teamn has had to be atoned for by a promise to introduce aLand 13ill and a measure to amend thee Local Government Act. In thee clauses of the former the Opposition fondly hope to find a supply of nails for the Ministerial coffn, with what success is of course problematical. As a sort of hors fi' se-ere bills regulating the hours of labour in shops, legalising trade unions, and determining the liability of employers in the case of accident to their employes are to be brought in. Nor are the morals of the public to be neglected by Messrs. Berry and Service. The fair sex is to be hedaed round with a set or legislative, chewva-dc-frie, which the most enterprising of Lotharios will find it both difficult and dangerous to escalade. That ministering Hobo, the barmaid, is to be abolished, and become as obsolete as the mormaid. If the Government carry 'out their intentions, it will not be their fault if, after next session, when all the laws against vices both great and small come into force, Victoria be not the most virtuous and most moral community under Heaven's broad canopy, and the legislator of to-day be enabled to point the finger of scorn at tho political economists of a former genera tion, who have asserted, times out of num ber, that a people could not be made either' good or happy by act of Parliament. Has the colony of Victoria a grievance ? It would be hard to say. In the passenger list of the Lusitania appears among the arrivals "Mr. Spoight and family (10)." What have the opponents of State immi gration to say to this announcement No doubt they will discover in the selection of the gentleman named as head of our rail ways a deep laid plot on the part of Mr. Murray Smith, the Agent-General, to re introduce assisted immigrants. How art fully he has set to work I If he could only induce a hundred persons with olive branches as numerous as the imported Commissioner's to cast their lot in among us, how cunningly he would be setting at nought " the settled policy of the country I" .-' -?,, m Cr Uc whl bnl~evo in t4i.1 UneorUuuanay lur unvou, plot, Mr. Spoight was appointed against the wish of the Agent-General, who was desirous of conferring the position of Chairman of the Commission on a retired Colonel of Royal Engineers, and only recog nised the merits of the present incumbent of the office at the last moment. Let Mr. Smith's speech at the farewell banquet, hold in Derby, attest this fact. No steps hiavd'boe tain b the police in connection with the murder of Beach, the Pettavel farmer. The executors of theb deceased have supplemented the 4200 offered by the Government by another. £50. This is certainly nota very munificentsum, when it is borne in mind that MIrs. Beach, in whoso favour a will ihas been found, leaving her sole possessor of the property of the murdered man, is some £2500 the richer by his death. Perhaps the lady deems it better to save hier cash to welcome the coming husband, rather than to expond it in speeding the departed one. It will be curious to note who is the lucky and plucky individual bold enough to ignore ir. Weller's advice to his son, and despite that estimable gentleman's injunction, " marry a widder." And it would most certainly prove a "coincidence queer," were tihe. muarriage bells to serve as somebody's death knell. Yet even rienger thlings than this lave happened ero now. Most persons have doubtless heard the saying tlhat the donkey, though not witty itself, is the cause of much wit in others. However true this may be as regards tlhe mother country, the averment is hardly correct as far as those antipodean regions are concerned. In fact a juvenile specimen of the genus asilnu was thle cause, not long since, of amnostamuusing display of tlhe stupi dity which a long familiarity with red tape often engenders. On the occasion of the opening of one of thile recently-constructed lines, an enterprising caterer for public amusement presented himself at thile Spencer-street Railway Station, with a young jackads] le intended to display to the wondering eyes of the rustic Victorians still unacquainted with that historical quadruped. He desired to pay the carriage of the animal to its destination. Here his troubles began. There were regulations and a tariff for the transport of horses, cattle, and sheep, but none for donkeys-at least, of four-footed ones. The Traffic Manager was not to be found, and the puzzled officials refused to book the "Jerusalem pony" as a member of either the hypophagous, ovino, or bovine families. Hero was a dilemma. But the owner of the donkey-a 'cutd Yankee by the way-was equal to the occasion. He procured a large packing case, and knockling out one of the sides, with the help of a hammer and a few nails soon constructed a species of cage, in which the animal, duly labelled, and weighed as "excess passen ger's luggage," was safely conveyed to its destination in tihe guard's van. It can by no stretch of tho imagination be said that that donkeyr, at all events, was the cause of the displayof muchwitin the Dlepartetntof Railways. In his latest issue of regulations Mr. Gillies has provided for the transport of hion. members, their wives, illustrious strangers, and other colebrities and nota bilities. He appears, however, to have for gotten to make any provision for the carriage of donkeys. Beyond the generally known difficulty of catching the animal in a somnolent state, not much is known of the habits of the weasel. This is, perhaps, a matter for regret, as, owing to this ig norance, the Government is unable to come to any decision in regard to an offer made to import thirty thousand adult weasels for the purpose of keeping the rabbits in check, lately made by an enterprising retail live stock merchant, who has hitherto dealt in canaries, lap-dogs, parrots, and such like small deer, but who is now anxious to start a wholesale business. Thie Ministry don't exactly know whether the change of habitat from one hemisphere to another might not induce a radical alteration in "ye manners and customs " of the sharp nosed little vermnin. Snakes and bunny have often been found in the same burrow, and who knows but that, in these antipo dean regions, the rabbits and the weasles might fraternise, and following the example of their superiors in the scale of of creation, form a coalition ? It would hardly be reckoned a strange spectacle in a land where politically the lion and the lamb have lain down together. Pollowing tile lead of tihe mining and mercantile worlds, business in theatrical circles is dull. There is no change to report at any of the places of amusement, tile bills of fare presented last week not having suffered any alteration. Next week " No Mercy" is to replacethoharlequinade at tlhe ioyal, and at the Opera HLouse the Faker of Oolu gives way to Mr. Leake and his company. At the Bijou "Our Loves" still runs, and at the Princess "Impulse" stillholds' its own. Tho Victoria Hall is again advertised to be occupied by the clever troupo of .minstrcls under Mr. iHiscocks. 