OUR PARIS LITTER. rnou oubowh cobiiesronoaiit.i PARIS, 5tii April. M. H. Denis, cx-snb-director of the ad ministration pinitcatiarc at New Caledonia, draws, tho serious attention of the Govern ment to one of the causes which renders the reformation of the convicts impossible, and by destroying his hopes pluugcs him defi nitely into recklessue=3. Tho authorities at New Caledonia reward the meritorious convicts by the system of con- cessions. So far good. The convicts can em bark in agriculture or stsrt in trade, only they bavo no capital. Thus heavy rains, a Bwarm of locusts, n bad year in a word, and crops aro ruined and shops closed. Trade is considered to he free in New Caledonia ; the rato of legal interest is 12 per cent, but free-trado allows same to be levied by usurers up to 20 and 25 per cent. The borrowers become thus bound hand and foot to the Gobsocks, to tho Shylocks ; and to rob a convict is surely tho height of ignomy, The practice, too, takes place in the most open mnuner possible. If the poor make no new friends the convicts make less. The Government gives them laud but not aesistiug with capital the gift is next to nullified. ' It Ecems there are well known usnrers who take, at ridiculously low prices, the produce or the goods made, as security. Shylock does not press for an immediate settlement of his bills ; he renews till tho convict obtains his con cession for good, becomes, in a word, a pro prietor. Then tho bills are transformed into a mortgage, the debt accumulates, bailiffs duly arrive, and tho amended convict is thrown hack into the depths, this time' to fall, liko Lucifer, cover to rise again. And the last state of that man is worse than the first. Many of tho Harpngono, ex-notaries who havo purged their sentences, axo very rich, and own extensive landed and house property. M. Denis concludes that tho Government ought to support the establishment of a bank to como to tho aid of tho well disposed convict. The failure of the Bank of Now Caledonia linn covered the settlement with ruins, hut tlicro exists not the less an opening for a bank with a capital of 2,000,000 offraucs. If honestly conducted, and confined to tho legitimate dis counting husicOiSjit might reasonably calculate on 300,000 francs profits yearly. The organisation of the Army Bill, since 1871 on the tapis, is now before the Chamber of Deputies, and must receive a. definite solu tion. Hitherto tho reforms have been con fined to the committee rooms, or the portfolios of tho War Ministers, each of whom had his own plan, . As the law now stands, the period of service under the ling is fixed at five years, after which the soldiers pass into the reserves. Practically the service is not mora than four years. For the volun teers, who produce certificates of education following a certain standard, and who can do- posit a fixed sum of money, one year's active service, known as the volunteer, is permitted. This Bystom is charged with many abuses, and first of all it destroys that principle so dear to democracy — equality. The influence aud tho advaatag-rs are slill on the side of the purse. All the European powers have accepted three years as a sufficient period to form a sol dier, not eo much &b; to instructing him how to handle a weapon, but to manoeuvre, to become disciplined, aud accustomed to "rough it." Of the total number of conscripts yearly avail able in France, about one-half— say, in round numbers,, 150, 000— are the t> utbJriel to he ope rated upon. The army does not want such an addition, and its maintenance would bo excessive for the budget, hence tho advantage of the volunteer priuciple, which compels those who desire exemption to pay a fine, which serves as a rate in aid to the estimates. There arc two camp3 in presence. Ono desires the total abolition of the volun teers and the integral three years' Eervico of all under the flag; the other, the continuance of tho volunteers, but purged of its abuses. It will he difficult for young men to gradnato for their professional careers if forced to bo soldiers three years in succession. Military operations in Tonquin have to bo suspended for some months till the season of the inundations be passed. France may to considered to have made up her mind as to occupying the whole country, and by organis ing a native militia, officered by members of tho proposed colonial army, whose head quarters will be in Algeria, they will ad minister Tonquin as the English do India, China will be called npon to pay a handsome indemnity for aiding and abetting the rebels; to secure the payment, it was contemplated to seize and occupy a treaty port, and so preside I at tha Beat of customs. But 9inco the Chinese I have displayed no higher fighting qualities than the Egyptians, tho talcing possession of some southern frontier territory, of China is being mooted. This will enable. France to commence the carrying out of her real idea — tho formation of a vast Indo-Chinese em pire. . For not n few this prospect of foreign possessions is considered a grave weakening of the mother country at home. It means a drain on tho resources of tho country for eevcral I years, and the national finances aro not of : sufficient elasticity to support such a burden. | The deficit annually of the budget is 180,000,000 francs, aud all the means em ployed to conceal this unpleasant truth arc of . no avail. France must cut down, retrench, not add to, her ex penses. A series of good harvests wonld ease the situation, hut tho seven years run of plenty existed only riiider the Pharaohs. Con- : siderablo time also must elapse before exports i can bring grist to the mill. France has to reform apparently her whole processes of pro- : duction to be eh rapport with the industrial ' 3phit of the times. The legislature is still pegging away at tho j Convicts' Bill. As France will not consume | her own crime at home, she must have penal settlements abroad. It is expected that Aus tralia will ho d'sarmed by the Government's proclaiming the application of the extradition clauses. The Industrial Crisis Parliamentary Com mittee, known familiarly as the " Forty-four," lias done tiffs much good, showing that matters are not so bad as was believed. But it de monstrated slill more completely tho utter absence of .all unity among the artisans for the legitimate ends of Trades' Unions. The com mittee never fuimd themselves in presence of any hut an insignificant minority of each trade, and that did not represent anything but thorn selves. Further, the work men examined could not propound any remedy for tho de pressed condition of industry, save remedies voted obsolete by all eniiglitcued nations. Sorue of the panaceas proposed to remedy tiro crisis were positively infantile, notably that for organising lotteries aud tho expulsion of all foreign work men. One. after ail, might ho prepared for such a dinoucmcnt ol the boasted intelligence, native at least where not acquired, of tho artisan classes. We have sceu the Labor Congress at work left perfectly free by the Government. And what, after three annual sessions, have been tho results ? Nothing. Tire Anarchists, liko all lunatics, wear their hearts in their sleeves ; and their wild ravings can at least be heard, if not comprehended. Their remedy for the in dustrial crisis is sharp and swift— shoot off all tho capitalists. That has been the substance of the several days' discussion at the Roubaix Anarchists' Congress. In homo politics the moment has arrived for counting with the progress of tho Orlenn- ists, who have taken up ground formally, as the opposition of tho Republic. Their pool- tion does not at all grow daily worse. As for tho Bonaparticts, they, have lived. A few moro years and they will bo as missing as tho lost tribes. Tho possibility of Mr. Gladstone retiring from office, aud the probability of a Salisbury Ministry, with more of German than of French sympathy, or, perhaps better still a more decidedly John, Bullish, policy, is telling on tho French. Within the last ton days there has been a sensible decline in the carpiug and barking at England— perhaps French writers havo discovered all that does not influenoe ptrfide Albion, Bo tlio explanation what it may, the fact is a better tone exists. There , may be. another reason BtilL M. do Lessepa is not at all surd of being ablo to secure tho necessary vote of two-thirds of tho share holders to elect the additional English repre- sentatives to tho council board of the canai tf the negotiations fall through in thin point n requires no ghost to inform all whom it miv concern that tho second canal must bo moda and owned exclusively by Englishmen. Tito conduct ol the French, not only tli Govcnimont but tho population, has been s sympathetic, so praiseworthy in relation to tha sudden death of the Duko of Albany, that tlm relations betweeu tbo two nations ought t cease to bo so cstrauged. Peoples cannot expert to bo lovers ; let them then keep to the lines of good neighbors. lnt.has been exceptionally gay tills year and yet there haB been no marked influx c£ strangers. 'J here is no substantial improved ineut in business. Tho retailers suffer most and if the wholoE.ale houses havo less affairs than formerly, they ore making less profits only, not losing money. Indeed, there is the fashion in the air for people to proclaim that they 'are "pinched," tho bettor to liTB frugally, and above all a motive to keep their pur.-cs closed. Shops arc full of goods, and fairly filled with purchasers. The restaurants rather than tlio hotels are crowded; people find tliern cheaper, and it is more economical to hoard yoursolf outside, than to keep up a kitchen establishment. Many cooking houses are supported alone by families who urdcr their meals in ready prepared, and havo dismissed tho cordon bleu, aud auctioned off the baUtrie de cusinu. The theatres are brilliantly crowded, and i( 13 contemplated to erect additional playhouses. Not many new plays, and none at all" by the " great masters," are prodnccd. Revivals pay lessees better than originals. Lyrical perform ances aro in high favor, aud if Gounod has had only a sueccs d'csUmc with his opera Sapho, he has scored a triumph for his Redemption, asho indnccd the French to admire, what they rarely do, oratorio music. _ Suicides are taking the pas npon .assassina tions. Rotten financial, and old-shaky-behind. the-age-eommeroial houses, keep disappearing, which is a great advantage. The great puzzle is to know who is Campi, tho murderer lying under sentence. of death. The Atmauadt de Uolha down to the A'eagaie Calendar have been ransacked in Vain. . 