CATHOLIC. CONFIRMATION AT ST. FBANCIS' OHUEOH. ? DB. MOEAlf S ADDEES8 TO THE OHIIDEBN. Qn Sunday last, hia G-raco the Archbishop, for the firat time in hio now See, officiated at fcho Bolemn function of Confirmation. The Hedemp toriBt Fafchors have boon for several wooko engaged in a oorioa of rniooion osorciaea at St. Francis1 Church,! and tho unusual circuniBtanco of fche Confirmation taking place in mioaion timo added both interest and iinproesivonesa to the ceremonial. Ao Sunday wao tho cloaing day of tho women's mission, oniy women and girlo wore confirmed, his Gi-doo having promised tio ad minister the Holy Sacrament to the men and boys on Sunday wook at tho clone of tho men's mission. Two hundred and fcwolvo e&ndidatoc; presented themselves, all having boon most oaro f ully prepared by the Siotoro of the Good Sama ritan, tho Rodompfconsfc ivafchoro., panoli clergy, and tho ladies and gentlemen of the Ohriatian Doctrine Confraternity, and of this number no loss than oighty-two wore adulto. It ia rarely that no many grown-up pooplo ai'o_ooen in the Confirm ation'proeensiona, and we believe that fche largo number on Sunday lacfc may bo regavdod ao one of tho opocid iruifca o£ the mission. Holy Communion was given at ono of fcho early masses, and afterwards both children and adults woro ontortainod at breakfaet in St. IPrancio3 School room. Kid (2-raoe tho Archbishop, attended by Dr. O'Havan, arrived ohortly before eleven o'clook, and at tho entrance his G-raco was met by the Very Eev. Dr. Sheridan, tho Eev. Father Buoooll, the Rev. Father Q'Farroll, and tho Eov. Father Stokeo, C.SQ.E. Immediately after wards, tho proooooion entered, headed by the Christian Doctrine Confraternity with handsome bannero. All tho front benehoo woro roaervod for tho oandidafcos for Confirmation, and the chuvch wardono auoeoododin preserving admirable order in nil their arrangements. Thero waa an inamenso crush, and many people wero nnr.blo to got even inBide any of tho church dooi-3. Tho gentle men in charge had no alight task to porform, and MoflDrs. Sheridan, Dowoon, Salmon, and the ofchor wardono certainly dooervod mtich credit for fche manner in which fchoy discharged their un ploaaant and onorous dutieo. (Considerable taato was displayed in the decoration of tho High Altar, and as the day waa a feotival of Our liady — the Feast of tho Seven Dolors— special care wan taken to make tho Bloosod Virgin's altar bright and beautiful. His Ckaco the Archbishop occupied a plaoo reserved .i'or him on tho Gospel aide c'i. the sanofcuary, and immodiatoly in front outside the rail Qflood tho platform of the Eodomptoriofc Fathers with ito groat crucifix. The owee'e touohing atraino oi those beautiful hymno whioh are too seldom hoard in our city «V.nv/»Tinn nP Infcft. ' 'Onilv 'Dn.ilv S'lTiP to Marv.' ^tiii* uuvu *-»'. *«--«) ?'? «- —j - — ? j/ ? o — i/J and 'Hail Queen of He&ven;^fcho Ocean Star,'' added dignity to tho procession, and when all were arranged in their placos, Father Ouaoidy commenoed the Macs. Mr. Mduno conductod the ehoirj and Mr. Masted was at hio peat ao organists. Wobor'o Macs in Gl- wao tho work per formed, Miao Oohon singing tho loading soprano part throughout. Gounod'a unrivullod ' Ave Maria,' appropriately ohoson, woo tho offorfcorium, and the singer, Mios Gohen, infused much devo tional fervour into the esquiuifcely melodious prayer. After Mans, the Eov. Father Q'Farroll, O.SS.E,, ascended the otand uoad daring tho missions, and mado a number of formal announcements chiefly relating to the miosion for the men which was about commencing. Father O'JTarrell oaid it wao an intonao gratification to see 00 many adulta preaenting themselves that day, and he hoped that tho men who unforfcu naately had not yot received tho Holy Sacrament of Confirmation would avail fchemaelvos of the Bpecial opportunity now afforded of fulfilling their duty in that respect. Tho Archbishop had most kindly promised to administer tho Saora fllont to tho men and boys on Sunday fortnight, and the Redernpfcoriofc Fathoi'a would bo most happy to prepare any man who wao desirous of presenting himsoli! at tho altar. Father O'Farrell aaid it woo a mistake for a man or woman to imagine for a moment that there was any shame or disgrnco attached to such an aot. It was their misfortune, if fchiough not having, or through misomg, tho opportunity when young, they did not roceivo the Holy Saora ment, and it was a apodal grace to bo nov,r co favoured. His Grace, beforo commencing tho sacred function of tho day, examined a number of the children who had boon propar .id for Oon= ilrmoition. His G-raco a at near tho jruictuary rails, and ho appeared to bo pleased with tho manner in which fclio littlo girls answorod hia queationo. Beforo Confirmation tho Archbishop addressed a few words to tho children and adallii. Ho asked them to put fchoniEolveG under tkt- npooial protec tion of iho Holy Mother of God vhiio tho Holy Saoraaiont was boing administered. They should boar in mind that they wora celebrating fcho feast of the Sovon Dolora of Our Immaculate Lady. They should pray to tho Blacaod Virgin that, through hor agony at tho foot of tho Croat;, she might obtain Cor thorn fcho gracoo they wore in need of, and that protecting thorn with hor maternal manfclo, oho might intercodo ou their bohalf with hor Divino Son. Bu° fore r'oociving the Holy Gacrarciont fchoy would malro a fei'vont not of contrition go a;] fco efface and remove from their heart* ovory trace of oin, and ovorything that might bo dis pleasing to the pight of God. It v/aa essential that thoy should prooonfc fchornuolvco in tho best dispositiono, and to fchio end they should cay a Hail Mary to invoice tho intercession of tho Holy Mother of God, and aloo aa Act of Contrition. Ho would invoko fcho Holy Spirit, and pray that God would onkindlo in fchoir hearts tho lire of Divino love, that fchey might offor to God tho true homage of fchoir voneration and devotion. All kneoliug then said fche Act of Contrition, and beforo proceeding with the Confii-BJiifcion hia Grace uoleinuly bU'ayed tiiode who were (ibuut fc present themselves. Vested in cope and mitre, bis Grace, assisted by Dr. 0'Ha.ran and Father Eussell, administered tho Holy Saoramenfc. The children were nicely dressed in white, with laoe veilB and floral wreaths, and tis thoy marched up two and two, tho scene in tho ohurch was one of an affecting description. Tho Tory Sov. Dr. Shoridan, and Fathers O'Farrall, Cassidy, Stokes, and Hogarfcy assisted in koeping tho procoDoionin ordor. Some of fcho adults woro pretty white dresses, but tho majority were in ordinary attire, but all wore their oommomor&tion; modtsl. During tho ceremony tho choir sang appropriate hymns, and after Confirmation both adults and ohildren by hio Graoo's direction recited the Lord's Prayer, Mail Mary, and tho Apontleo' Oroed. Tho Archbishop beforo delivering hio addroso fiokod all who had rocsivod Confirmation to oay Devon Our Fathoro and covon Hail Maryo in fchanks' giving for fcho gifts of fcho Holy Ghost. Hin GVraco oa,id it wee to him a great consolation fco como amongot them that doy to adminiotoj; feho Ekioraraont of Confirmation. Ehey had been prepared foi' tho Sacrament in tho boot mannor posaible by tho jaicaion whioli ho waa glad fco hear bad boon attonded with Diich piety nad L-ogularity. It wao at cuoh timoc that Almighty God moot lovod fco pour out in vioheofi abundanoe Hin moroy and grace, and such minniono as they had boon at fcendfng wore fcho opooial channels oi' God'o blooa ingc and favours. *Ho fcrustod that all had availed thomBolves o£ tho cpportuniiioQ afforded thorn of enriching their oouIb with the morifco of Our Blosaed Lord, and ho hopod 'that fche fruito of tho holy misaion would be multiplied in ever-increasing blessings, and that the good effects would bo por pofcuate'd amongst thorn. Thoy all know that in Confirmation fcho spirit of fche Holy Ghost donconded upon them, and that their Divino Dord enthroned Himself in fchoir boarta, and ho waa euro that both tho children and those of more advanced yearn had with groat love and vonorafcion prepared thomoelvos £or this great S'.icremonfc. It waa unnecessary for him fco repeat the inofcruouiono ihoy had received during fcho timo of preparation, and it would be aulii oient now to remind fchorn oi' tho importance of fche Holy Saoramont, and io tell them of all the opocial graces and favourc which their Heavenly Father would shower upon them that day if fchoy received fche Saoramont in fcho propor dioponifcion — with a pure and firm desire fco love God' with fchoir whole hearts and souls, and with a resolution to continue minim to tueir isang ana Master. Hio Greco then addroosod fcho oandi dafcoa for Confirmation in beautiful and impres sive language, ohowing tho great love _Almighty God had for Hia children, and pointed out many wonderful operations o£ His morcy and charity. Prayer wao the great means of meriting God/D lovo and meroy3 end ho could not too earnestly or too repeatedly urge the necessity of offering fchoiv heartc in prayor to G'rod. There waa no means moro Dimple, V U U »-l V7 *-* ' I'' *.^-' t/««ujfci» — [j — — ? ? 1? Almighty, and none moro powerful and effectual in proourring graces and favours. Ho did not speak oi prayer aa fcho recitation of any long form or any sot of words, but tho Dimple, earnest out pouring of ono'a heart in a opirifc of humility, oonfidoneo, and lovo. Thero wao no greater pro ventativo of ovil, uO moro oflloaoiouo remody, for God lisfcona to every sincere oupplioafcion and invocation. ' O God havo mercy on mo 1' ' O God havo morcy on fchy pooplo !' u O God bo merciful fco me a einnor \' It wao those eiinplo prayers that penetrated the cloudo end reached fche Eternal Tbrcno, and moved the Most High fco moroy and lovo, for such prayero esproosed fcho true lifting of tho heart fco God, and fcho perfcot reliance in Hia power, His goodness, and Hia morcy. It was a nocesoary condition in begging God'o blessing that requost was not always granted at onco, fchoy should incroaoo fchoir fervour, and pray with increased pioby and devotion. Prayor oi fche lipo waa not sufficient ; indood, it was en insult fco fcho majoefcy of God. If in pro Bonfcing fchemoelvoo boforo somo princo to bog a favour or a pardon, fchoy turned fchoir back and failed to pay that rospeot and honour due to bin position, would it not bo a grave insult, and would they not forfeit ovory chance of gaining fchoir request? If v/o approach Almighty God full of prido and ooncoit, how can wo hopo to gain His fa vour ? Tho Pharisee glorying i:i hie superiority over other men, and boasting of hin gooddooda, entorod fcho tomplo with head eroofc fco pray. His prayor waa noli heard, and ho wont away without merit ing or voceiving the blessing ho hod a-Jcod. Tho poor publican proofcratod himself at Can fchreehold, not daring to ontev the temple, and striking hio broaot, cried out, ' O Lord bo merciful U; rno e, oin nov.' Those simple words coming iTom a heart bowed down in lowliness and ponitonc ' ascended fco Heaven, and God waa pleased fcohe^v the prayor. They should proc-orve a spirit of eurnostness ?rindporoovoranco, and0 abovo all things, L-hoy ohould in their pvayoro invoko tho aid oi fche Holy Mofchor oi God, v/ho would intercodo with hor Divino Gon for all fcho grr.iwo and moroioo thoy otood in nood of. ' Mofchfli1 bohold thy uon : Son behold fchy Mofchor/' ai'o fcho loving words of fcho Eedeemov to Hio ooiTOV.'ing Mother aad fche Rpootlo of lovo as thoy stood weeping at fcho foot of fcho eroca, nnd from that thao Mary Immaou lato hao boon the mofchor ci all oi' no, our pro fcootor and our interccoaor. She wan a true and loving raofchor, and hor lovo for no would only coaso'J whon oho ceased fco roraombcr hor own cgonioD no .fcho Quoon oi! Martr^a, and v/hon oho ceiiGed fco remember fcho ouff wrings of her Divino Son^ v/ho saoriflcod liiu lifo i or our redemption. Their devotion to Mary, tho Mother of tho Eodoomor and tho rodeomed, ohouid bo that of a loving child fco a loving paroiit. and if they prayed to her oho would obtain for them fcho ohoicesfc gifts from tho treasury of Hoaven. Living good livoo and praying dovoutly, thoy would grow day by day in fcho graoe of God, and they should never let a day paas without lifting up their hearts to God and invoking tho aid oi their Holy Molliar tho Q.U03U of Hoavon. Aftoi' r.h'o Atchbiahop'a HcJldreBD, tho children sang fche favourite hymn, ' I am a little Ca tholic,' and then left the oh nroh in procession. 