LATEST TELEGRAMS. [feom oub own cobbkspondbntb.] INTEECOLONTAL. Sydney, Saturday. It has been raining in torrents eince 7 o'clock yesterday evening, and thore iB every sign of the downpour continuing. Hain is also reported from tho northern districts of the colony. Mr. Backhouse, Acting District Court Ju.ige, has been appointed permanently to the posilbn, nice Judge JoanphBon, raaignori. ihoJLcgislativo Assembly sat for two hours and a half yesterday, and noai-ly tho wholo time was spent in discussing an unnecessary motion for adjournment. The House was counted out before 7 p.m. The Minister for Mines intends to introduce a bill to provide for the leasicg of reserves for mining purposes. The Orient Company's chartered steamship Texan arrived from Plymouth yestorday after a good passage of 48 days, with 585 Govern ment immigrants on board. Three infants died on the voyage, but tho-o was no sickneiB on board otherwise. The colonial warship Wolverene proceeds to day on a short cruise in order to exorcise tho Naval Volunteer Artillery at gun practice. Mblbottsne, Saturday. In the Nisi Print Court, the action of tho Queen versus William Tronnitt, secretary of the Bootmakers' Union, for a criminal libfl on John Mitchell, employed at a boot factory at lAHiingwoon, nas oeen pare neara ino al leged libel consisted of certain remarks con tained in a printed placard distributed during the bootmakers' strike. The dead body of an old man, apparently about 60 years old, whose name is unknown, was found last night lying on the railway line near Newmarket Station. It is presumed to be a case of euicide, nnd that the deceased had lain down on the line with his neck over one of the rail?, as his head was completely severed from his body. It has been arranged that Mr. J. C. New berry shall undertake the sole control of such arrangements a3 he may consider requisite for meeting the danger arising from the storage of explosives in the boy and city. Ho has already arranged for dealing with some of the dynamite stored in the bay for the Harbour Trust. This is considered to be very uneafo, and will either be destroyed or used before it becomes more dangerous. The tenders for the right of advertising at tho railway stations and for leas»s of refresh ment rooms have boon dealt with by the Rail way Commissioners. The Department will make considerable profit on the new services. Tho total amount of the advertising tenders for the last service was £3,587, but thiB time it is £8,365. The tenders for the leases of the various refreshment rooms on the last occasion amounted to £8,6o5.' Thia time the amount, excluding two stations where tho lewes are held over, tho tenders which have been accepted amount to £12,070. At a meeting of the Tramway TruBt yester day tho Finance Committee were authorised to sign debentures for a loan for the lines, which loin it is intended to floit in London in August next. Edward Hanlan has arrived from Sydney. The Queen's Birthday is being observed very quietly, and all places of business are open ex-, cept the public offices and tho banks. A youog mannamod Johnston who was play ing in a football match on May 10, was kicked on the head, and recotved such injuries that he died in the hospital last night. Several fish dealers are to be proceeded against for selling fish under the prescribed pize and weight. Donald Maclean, rato collector at Shapparton, is to be prosecuted for falsifying the agricultu ral returnB of tho shire. adecaide, Saturday. After a five da}s' trial the jury in the case against Burford, who is charged with causing a nuisance by carrying on a soap and candle factory, wore unable to agree, and after two hours' deliberation thoy were discharged. The Rev. W. Aegwith, Presbyterian minister of Clare, is dead. The wheat market continues in a depressod condition. The secretary of the journeyman bakers states that there is no intention to ask for a conference with the masters, but it is proposed to find labour for the unemployed by opening several co-operative bakeries. A circular has been received here from the Victonan Saddlers' Society proposing a scheme for tho federation of all trade societies. A deputation, consisting of tho Mayors of Adelaide and Glenelg, and the Town Clerk of tho former, waited upon the Treasurer yes terday on behalf of the Municipal Corporations to urge the Govornmont to introduce a bill into Parliament to grant loans to the extent of £500,000, with a alight advance in interest on tho amount paid for Government loans floated in London to enable the corporations to carry out remunerative public works. . It was repro pre^ented that tho country corporations could not raise local loans, as they could not; give sufficient security. The Treasurer gave a favourable reply and said ho would bring the matter before his colleagues, and a bill would probably be drafted for the purpose during the present eossiion. A change hag taken place in .the weather. Good rains are reported from various parts of the colony. ' A considerable number of ladies and gen tlemen assembled in the Town Hall yesterday, and presented the Kev. Dr. Bromby, ot -H. Paul's pro cathedral, with an address on his seventy-fifth birthday. The testimonial, for which subscriptions are ooming in freely, will bo given to him later on. The address referred to the ' doctor's services in the causo, of education, when head master of the Church of England Grammar Rohool, dnd to his otherwise exceedingly useful life. Special reference was made to hia liberality and toler ance. Detn Bromby, in reply, said that toler ance and charity towards the opinion of others was a gonoral characteristic of tho Australian o-mraunity. He loved Australia and never wanted to leave it. He would remain in tho colony until the Lord oillod him to anothor place. Amongst those present were a largo number of old Grammar School boy*. The Bishop of Melbourne- was also present, and h'ghly eulogised Dean Bromby. [rnoabovn wero detained by interruption to corn Stdnby, Monday. The weather oleared up again last evening and it is now fine and very cold. Much rain has fallen. The immigrant steamor Texan received pratique on Saturday. The single women wero landed and takon to the Immigration D«p6fc. The dead body of a female infant was found by tho ? police yesterday in nn empty houBe at Surrey Hills. Tho infant in the offspring of n woman who is undergoing sentence for riotous behaviour and who placed' tho child in the enre of a woman unknown, who put it into tho house in question. Tho polico are inquiring into the matter. ?'??'?? Mblboubne, Monday. Tho Autumn Mreting oF the Melbourne). Hunt Club Baces was -hold on Saturday at Flemiogtorj. Thore nas a poor attendance. The following are tho particulars : — Selling Kaob. — Liddington, 1; Salon, 2j Knowledge, 8. .Won easily. Cobintihan ITiat Bacb. — Paillero, 1 j iuaufi «uj .w , a obrei, u. x-uur nurses run. 'Won by a length and a half. Flyiho Staibs.— Capola, 1 ; Tho Ghost, t ; Pyrette, 3. Eighteen started. Won by a length. STBEPDBonABB.— Blaokthorn, 1 j Ohippon bam, 2. Five ran. Won by six lengths. Bbuni Sbllino SiAKBa.— Impuls:!, 1 ; Ger ton, 2 ; Pan) 3. Eight ran. Won by two leDgths. Quubn's 'Birthday Stakes. -Paillero, 1 ; Tho Ghost, 2 j Cupola, 8, Eighteen r»n. Won by half a length. A woman whoso namo ib unknown has been found dead in South Molbourne. From the marks on tho body it appears like a case of murder, and the suBpioion has been confirmed by marls of a strugglo closo to the Bpot whoro tho body was found. Colonel Sargood, Minister for Water Supply, on Saturday, formally opened the new source of water aupply for tho Geolonij reservoir at a point near Ballm on tho Moorabool Biver. whioh will augment tho eupply from 300 000 gallons per day to 600,000 gallons. The work has cost about £21,000. 