THE SAliVATION ARMY'S DBMONSTRA . TION. A considerable amount of interest was mani fested by the members of tho Salvation;; Artny; yesterday aftorqpQn i\\\ cnpection with tho lay? ing of tho memorial stones of tho new barracks in Tompleton-ptreet. . There wore several: gags flying over tho buildin&r; udiacent to: the ii\v barracks; and a string' of thorn' ivas suspended aoross tho road in front of Mr Treyascus store. A procession / baying been forniied shortly after threo o'clock it marched to the railway station to meot -Major and Airs Barker, Major Howard, from England, nhd'otlier officers, who arrived by the 3.30 o'clock train. Those were escorted to tho barrqeks, headed by tho briiss bqnd of the Army discoursing several tunes'. The procession ists re-marched to the station to receive the officers arid Salvationists and band from Sand hurst. Tho tnaroh was .rq-contiiiued to the barracks, headed by the local baud of tho Army,! after which followed scores of Salvationists. Then caniaa fujl.hand of the Sandhurst Army/ both playing: niusio during the march. / -At this time about 2000 people hud assembled in front of the now barracks. There was a platform fixed up for tho officers aud speakers. There were prosont Staff- officer Hendy, Cuptains Rolfe, Birkenshaw, Bonell, Odgers, Lieutenants Kidd, Sinipson, and Messrs Dogberty,- Aberdeen,' Flint, tho architect, and Rain, clerk of works, Captain Jennie White and others. After every thing was roady, a "volley" was fired, as a signal to commence proceedings. Major Barker then gave out a hymn, " When I sufvoy this wondrous Cross," which was sung by the as semblage, tho Sandhurst band playing the ,ao- compa'nimont. Prayers were afterwards deliverpd by Captain Rolfe, Staft'-officer Hendy, arid Mrs Barker. Another hymn was sung,"' -' My God-I-am Thine," and Major Barker read s, short passage from the 1st Psalm. He afterwards stated' tiiat ho regretted to tell them that Colqnel Booth was unable to bo prosont nt'tbe ceremony, owing, to ill-health. Ho implored) the Almighty' to holp the Colonel, which;. the Salvationists responded to by shouting out. " Glory. to God,"- ana "Hallelujah."; The Alajor. also irieritioried that he had received a letter from the Premier (Mr/Service) onelosing L5 53 towards the funds of the now barracks, and also L2 2s from thri Hon; J. B. Patterson, both, of whom - lie thanked heartily for their contributions. The ceremony of laying one of the memorial stones': was then performed by Aim Alajor Barker, wbo spoke as follows: — "In tho name of the Father," the Son, nnd' the Holy Ghost, and by tho authority of oUr esteemed General, I declare this stone duly laid." Alajor Howard then laid the other memorial stoue, and spoke to. the same effect: One stone bore the following inscription : " This stone was laid to the glory of God. . Airs Alajor Barker, November 26th, 1884. Rev. W. Booth, Genoral. J. Barker, Alajor." The other stone, was similarly worded, with the exception . that Major Howard's name was iuscribed like Airs Barker's, Alajor Howard then addressed those present, and stated he esteemed the ceremony a very great privilege so far as he was concerned/ Since" Colonel Booth and himself had visited the) Australian colonics, they had been present at! several ceremonies of laying memorial stones for; the 'Army. iTheyhadiiot drily 'made their mark) in tho'oolony by laying those stones,- ijrit by the; grace of God and the power of His spirit they) were seeking to brjng men nnd vfomon into His) Heavenly- miinsiori;- They''' were striving to bring people to Jesus, who, ho might say, was! the chief corner stone- It- was not yet 2 years! since Major and Mrs Barker had been in the i cplony, but siuce.lioir arrival they had been enabled ; to' fay"'several memorial , stones fori barraoks:belongjng .to the Army.- There were; 10 new/ bui|3irigs that had been; built for the j Army iri:.V'iotoria. He had been) told by Mr Flint, tho -architect for tho present ono, that: there wonld bo: accommodation for 1000 persons, i The entire' cost of tho premises and tile barracks' amounted1 to L1725. LOgO had been spent in I the purohaBO 'of tho lap'd and adjoining build-; ing, qnd the contractor is - to be paid L1075 for; .the erection of the' new ibarraoks.inotuding tho- Beats, &c.; j There were) no leas tbsn 20 corps, .eatab.lislied in tbe colony, and he wished every! success and spiritual prosperity, to then/ all — not! forgetting their dear General in England and' the' ' various officers.' They sought tho kingdom! of God and tho establishment of Jesus' Obrist -upon- His Throne/, Hq wpu|d tell! them in umriistakeable tortn that the Salvation) Army was not a ohuroh, and by the blessing of God shall never be. The present barracks was) never intended for a cburoh, but it was to be a) battlo ground whore the officers will war with) tho devil and liis kingdom. The Army were) striving to bring' riien and women out of Nature's; dnrbness into the Kingdom of God. The Major) concluded p. forcible .harangue |>y expressing h|#< belief that tliore wore hundreds standing about) who would say " God bless tho Solvation Army,": A- eplleotion waB taken up, aud after "Happy" 'Dinah had sung a solo, tho assemblage dispersed. The . " monstet" tea mooting was held in the) Orderly Room,; and abqqfc C00 persons sat down, to au excpllerit' tea provic|ed by A|r G. N.j Lloyd. Thero wero ( wo relays, and all appeared) to enjoy tho good things on the table. The) room was pvetjily docorated with flowers and- evergreens.' , 'After' tho tea: the bands of, tyie) Castlbmsinb jimd Sandhurst corps with a- nuni-; ber of "soldiers" paraded the streets, playiqg and singing \ various Salvation1 hymns. .The ' Hosannnhl' - meeting . was : held :in ,' tlife Aleohaniea' |natituto subsequently, _ and. was conduotod by' Major Barker, there being several officers liud Salvationists also present on tho platform. Tho buildiDg was crowded to excess, as also was1 tho Orderly Rqoni, whors another service was conducted by Captain Birkoushaw, assisted by:othor officers. The band of the local corps discoursed the music at the Mechanics' Institute, whilst tho Sandhurst band played iu tho. Orderly Rooin. The proceedings during the afternoon and evening wero carried out without any hitch occurring, arid tho greatest unanimity prevailed amongst tho Salvationists. Both bands played in a vory creditable manner, and helped in a groat moaBuro to make tho demon-; strntion the success that it unquestionably) proved to be. . At tho Adelaido polioo court on Taosdny, Al'Ciibo nnd Thnlhurno, two larrikins, wore com mitted for trial on a charge of rape upon Harriot Edgecombe,' on Sunday night last, on tho park, -lands near Hindmarsh. Air Bryan Mprphy, Government auditor, a rosident of Riddoll's Creqk, who only completed the shifo audit at noon' on Saturday last,' )qpd loft in apparently gqod heaR|i by tho 12.3(\copeli for lus home, died on Monday. 