the hon. j. B. patterson on the redmonds and archibald forces. TBy Telegraph, Melbourne, Tuesday. — The Hon. J, B. Patter son, M.L.A., in the course of a speech last night, after returning thanks for presentations, said he i valued the presentaiioa SDecially as coming from j loyalists, (Applause.) That was an honourable 1 ti:le, under which all cla'sss and creeds could rank. To be loyal to all institutions under which we lived, and to be loyai in aii relations of life was worthy of the best. The cesire of Australians was to get along quietly with everybody ; and right glad was this partially populated community of the companionship of people coming from any portion or the civilised world. It entered largely into tie early training of the colonists to make themselves agreeable to all sons and conditions of men, and they began to realise tbat there were industrious and intelligent people from other parts of the globe as well as their own. Indeed, our excellent friends and fellow-colonists, Germans and others, had set an example in industry and amenities of social lite that would have lastingly beneficial effect in Victoria. (Hear, heir.) The result of our great fair exhibition of 1SS0-31 was satisfactory to our pride as founders of a great country, and enabled us to say, in the language of the Queen's speech, that we were at peace with all foreign powers ; but, unfortunately, we were uoc at peace amongst ourselves. The great exhibition bad closed with congratulations unprecedented, end everything had passed off as merry as a marriage bell ; but scarcely bad we let go the htmls of our friendly visitors, when it was discovered that there were enemies in our midst, and that these were of our own household. He, the speaker, need hardly recall the deep feeling of regret, of shame, which was shown when it \v<s found that poisonous seeds ofseiition hnd been sown in our virgiu soil. To prevent it taking root was iiist considered, and there was no time to be lost. It was necessary, metaphorically speaking, to dig it uut of the ground — (applause) — ami he rejoiced to say that this t ad been effectually liccainnli-h-el. uud in the address just presented to him (if- I'.ittersoa ), h-i was credited with some -share of the good work, and he could . not but feel deeply sensible of this recognition. That the treason bad bein stilled on the threshold subsequent events amply proved. (Appl-m-.-.) However, some m,n might secretly reel, none bad been so daiing since that time as io talk treason publicly (bear, hear). They bad been constrained to speak respectfully of our most gracious Queeo, and of our institution?. THE VISIT OF THE REDMONDS. It h?d been announced in aorne quarters with a gr-.at flourish of trumpets, that tw i young men from tiie home country would so eieet'iry -Aus tralia with their oratorical fervour, that an army would rise up across the water to demand satisfac tion for wrongs committed some 500 years ago (Laughter). But to the credit of the young gentle men in question, be it said, they cmiiuoted them selves before elected audience? in a most unobjec tionable manner. There harangues were of palent- safety kind, that would only strike on tiie box, it being carefully arranged thai when one brother had the matches, the other in some distant part had the box. Consequently there war neither ignition nor explosion. The most extra ordinary pBrt of all, however, was that they oime here to explain the stcret cause of foul murder, which tfce-y failed to do, and departed amid hurrahs of pleasant aud punlic ceremony, and of marriage ; and, if report spoke truly, they were net indifferent to the charm of filthy lucre, (L lUgh- ter.) Frowning patriots, that came here prepared to die for their country, thought better afterwards to multiply what they call their down-troiden race. (Laughter and applause.) They offended no living being. They talked of wrongs oorn- mited several centuries ago, and nppcaling'y asked, with great show oi earnestness — Suou'ui such things be ! A great many people fair, at the time, an inclination to be avenged on their ancestors, and if they could have been resurrected at the correct climax of some appointed p.:r:0.i, Donnybrook Fair would have been " small potatoes" (great laughter) compared to the ruction that would have occurred. It hid be . -n announced with satisfaction that in all the colonies the sum of £4000 bad been raised for this antediluvian purpose ; the amount was moderate, and if i: was misappropriated in feasting living persons it would do more good that in raising the ghosts of the dead. He (Mr Patterson) thought that to seek revenge for supposed wrong committed eenturies gone by, was suitable amusement for a race of Hip Van Winkles, (Laughter) Loyal Austi.tlian statesmen were at present concerned in stie-.ch- ing cut the boundaries of the B.-itish empire, in securing Australian peace, in cemeniing British power ; and they wno now nagged and attempted to cripple the march of prosperity by Drompting internal discord and dis loyalty, were ten times worse enemies than any empire had to fear from outside. (Hear, hear.) In all these colonies the predominant feeling among public men was to preserve and strengthen the bi nd that united us to the British empire, und be (Mr Patterson) thought tbat in respect to this we bad some reason for complaint at the conduct of casual visitois, who som-timea stupidly mis represented Australian ooinion. archibald forres. Amongst these Archibald Fotlres stood promi nent ; tuat gentleman wrote flippantly oi the period — according to him, atnodistanldate — vli-m the colonies would sever their connection with the erhpire, and hoist the kangaroo ami emu on their own account. We here denial the com petency of that m ist sensational war reporter to express a correct opinion on any subject of the kind after a flying visit to our shores. Judging from bis Australian reminiscences, Forbes was more in his element measuring men for boots than looking for their ideas. (Laughter.) There wire no public men in any of the colonies pre pared to endorse Forbes' silly assertion ; they knew too well the value of the Imperial connection and the worth of British institutions and knew that as part of the empire the colonies were powerful, and enjoyed too many advantages to even dieam oi severing our connection. As colonists they sought to impart the principles of peace and progress ; and the cause of humanity bad suffered but little at their hands. These facts were admitted by what we called foreign relations, and yet, strange to say, amoogst ourselves there was a section sulking fn gloomy despondency, and apparently unable to understand our desire to live in harmony with everybody, and to deal juBtly, liberally, and in charitable spirit with all men, They seemed unable to appreciate the grandeur of our institutions, and he (the speaker) was afraid, seeing how much encouragement rebels received in the old country, thai there would be no speedy improvement ; their claims increased as each demand was granted. They should have been taken in band more sternly at the commencement. (A Voice : " That's it.") Because, under present circumstances, a peaceable settlement of affairs seemed as far off as ever. It was the duty of a nation not to to select any clasB for special treatment, but to deal with all alike in fairness and justice, and to discountenance and discourage professional growlers instead of magnifying their insignificance and so creating a Eource of malignant danger. (Applause), At all times we should avoid an aggressive attitude, but we would not be entitled to the honoured name of lojalists if we did not enter our moat serious protest whenever the cloven hoof was displayed, lie trusted the occasion for active interference and repression of Bimiiar kind would never again arise in the history of the colony. 