faults, BOSS PARNELL. THB FLOWER OF AVONDALE. CHAPTER XIV. KOBAH COKES TO THB RBSCUB OF BBB LOBTBBSS HUNTKE OOTTAS OOWKD—CEAZT NELL'A VISIT TO ' OOLONKLAOWAN'B.' DESPITE Sir John's apparent sternness, when he saw bis daughter fall his deep love for her triumphed over his selfish fears and weakness, and he ran, and, raising her up in his arms, placed her on a Bofa. He then rang the bell for her maid, and as soon as Norah entered the room she oast a withering glance at Sir John and his companion. She hastily sprinkled water over Miss Parnell's face and loosened her dress, all the time giving a bit of her mind to the two gentlemen, who bustled about in great anxiety and were more in Norah's way than otherwise. 'Dear, dear,' exclaimed Sir John, 'what shall I do. Brute that I am, I have killed the poor child.' 'I hope not yet, Sir John,' exclaimed Norah; ' she is breathing and will soon come to. Bat I'm thinking that you will soon kill her, though, if you insist on wedding her to that brute beside you.' ' Take care of your tongue, my good girl,' replied Gowan. ' I'll not take such language from low menials.' Norah flared np, and, turning on him, exclaimed: ' Clear out of the room, you murthering wretoh you ! The sight of you is enough to kill my dear young lady. If she only opens her eyes and sees you it will drive her into fits again.' Gowan bit his lip with rage, but prudently refrained from replying to the enraged girl. Meantime Rose Paraell recovered consciousness, and, seeing her father, she whispered: ' 0 papa ! forgive me and pity me.' ' Yes, darling!' exclaimed the agonized parent. ' Rose, love, forget the past and get well again.' She shut her eyes for a moment and then muttered in an nnconsoious manner: • Where is he ?' 'He is here, love,' replied the father, pointing at Hunter Gowan; but as soon as her eyes rested upon him she shrieked out: ' Oh ! take him away out of my sight. I hate the man. There is a smell of blood about him, and there is murder in his eyes!' As she said this she buried her head in the wrap placed round her shoulders. . ' Come, Colonel,' said Sir John, ' we'll leave her to Norah, who will get her to bed. I'm afraid the shock has upset the ohild's nerves.' ' I'm afraid so, too, Sir John,* replied the other, as he cast a diabolioal look on the slender form reclining before him. ' But we may take steps to strengthen them for her before long.' A low sob was the response from the sofa; but Norah, who had caught the impart of his words, could not control her hand nor her tongue. ' Take that, you cowardly sneak!' she exolaimed, as she flung the glass of water she held in her hand right into his face. He advanced a step towards her with a Bavage soowl, and his hand raised to; strike, when Sir John, taking him by the arm, whispered: 'Come, come, don't mind the girl; she doesn't know what she is doing, and you'll only agitate her. dome along, colonel!' As Gowan left the room he wiped the water from his dripping faoe, while his whole frame quivered with excitement. Norah carried her young mistress up to her room in her arms as if she wen a child, and, having undressed her, she placed her in bed. The family physician, who had been summoned, soon after arrived, and, having administered some sedatives, left strict injunctions that she should not be disturbed or agitated, as her nervous system was perfectly prostrated, and that any; excitement might throw her into hysterics. Boss's illness was tedious, and several days had passed over before she was able to leave her room. She had the consolation, though, that, through the agenoy of Norah and fiory Oge, she was able to keep np a clandestine correspondence with her lover, wad this seemed to hasten har recovery more than all the medicines prescribed by her medical attendant. When Hunter Gowan left Avondale the night of Hiss Parnell's illness his heart was ml of gall and lntter hate. He cursed "«ret Byrnes for crosang his path, and evore that he would have his life befoxe long. He cursed Norah D wyer, and ashe oould not Wage war on her, a woman, be would hound down her outlawed brother until he would oring hi m to the gallows. He even denounced Bose Paraell in bitter terms. X swear she'll be mine yet!' he mattered between bis teeth. 'I'd marry her if it were only for the sake ot taming her Haughty stint and making her cringe before me with fear. I«ve,jndeed! Whatdol oare whether she loves or hates me, if she were onoe my wile! How pretty the looks, though J Even in her scorn them is something charming about her. Well, with that young rebel lo^r of hers in his grave, I will Mraaooppoiitirato eaoounterbother will. I will «ooa humble. Cone him! what an upstart of his Jrind-arebel—to to WWr lund J^t mui^S Bit John', fear of being oosndend fcu uy s a c s n h t i n g way partial to the rebels. I have no proof, though, that the fellow has yet thrown himself in with the United Irishmen; but then it is easy to hound him on ; besides, I have that slippery oustomer they oall the toggarlh on his track, and I am confident that he will get him into a snare before long.' Colonel Gowan rode some distance without speaking to his followers, so full was he of his own thoughts and his contemplated revenge. At length, turning to Sergeant Jasper, he said: ' J acper ?' 'Well, Colonel F' 'Jagper, have I not always treated ;you well ?' ' You have, Colonel.' ' And yet, Jasper, one lives who embitters my life and whom I would like to see removed from my path.' ' If it is in Sergeant Jasper's power, colonel, your enemies will not trouble you long.' ' I know that, sergeant. But I am at a loss to know how to remove him. If he were a_ poor peasant no one would question my right to string him up as a rebel. But he occupies a high social position, and I must act with caution , besides, Sir John is rather friendly to him, and as I want to Btand well with the daughter I would not have her know that I was the means of taking him off, for she thinks a great deal of the fellow.' 'You allude to Garret Byrnes, I presume, colonel ?' ' The same, sergeant. I believe he is a rebel, but I have no real proof of it. Now, I want you, sergeant, to get me such damning evidence of his guilt and connection with the brotherhood that even Sir John will not attempt to say anything in his behalf.' ' I shall do it, colonel; you leave it to me.' _ The party rode along, taking the precaution of having a yeoman in advance to avoid the possibility of any surprise, for Gowan was fully conscious of his great unpopularity, and was ever on the look-out for some covert attack. As they neared the entrance to Hollyford, which was the name of Hunter Gowan's residence, the man in advanoe rode baok in great trepidation. '"What's the matter, sir?' exclaimed Hunter Gowan. 'Colonel,' replied the other, there is banshee in front of the avenue gate, and her caoine is terrible.' You ass!' replied the other,' you were frightened by your own shadow; however, let us look to our arms for fear there is any trap set for us.' Though the moon had set, the night was bright and olear, and objects were easily discernible for some distance. As the party rode up to the gate they could plainly hear the mournful caoine, as if someone were in terrible despair or agony. A white figure was standing inside the gate sobbing and wailing in the most piteous manner. 'It is Crazy Nell,' whispered Sergeant Jasper to his superior. ' D—n her! How long will she continue to haunt me this way P I'd sooner meet the outlaw Dwyer than this crazy woman. It's horrible to listen to her, Jasper. Can't we do anything to silence her tongue F' 'It would be easy to mistake her for a rebel and shoot her,' suggested Mr. Jasper. 'Not now, Jasper, .there are too many here; and shooting a woman would look cowardly. I wish, though, Jasper, that she was out of my way, as well as Garret Byrnes.' ' All right Colonel,' was the reply. As the party halted to open the gate Crazy Nell poured forth a torrent of terrible maledictions on them. On her bended knees she called down the vengeance of God upon Hunter Gowan and Sergeant Jasper, the murderers of her two sons. ' Get out of my way,'you cursed hag!' roared Go wan, as he dashed open the gate and tried to ride over her. But the poor brute he rode was more generous than his master and swerved aside, while the lash of the human brute's whip came down with a sharp thud upon the woman's almost naked shoulders, cutting deep into the flesh. 'Oh!' she shrieked, as she writhed in torture, * May the curse of the widow follow you and yours onto perdition! May the mnooent blood of her children which you have shed call down God's vengeance upon yon! * The parly dashed np the avenue with the enrsea ringing in their ears. For hours her wailing cry was heard echoing through the lawn, until the fearful chant died away in the little churchyard where her were buried. Ever since the murder of her boys Gcaay Nell haunted the place at night, and many a belated traveller homed hone as be saw ha ghost-like figure gliding through the trees, for die always wore a white shawl wrapped around her. Hear favourite resort was the little churchyard whBre ber sons were buried, and which Gowan's domain. Here rite would sit the moat of the night over their graves and calling them in the moat piteous accent*. She would even bring them their dinner of bread, cad when they would not come to partake of it she would firstupbraid them and then cry until beoame exhausted. Thus did the poor creature spend whole and often ttil the neigfcboom And er at break of day atreta&ed; asleep beeide he green mound under the old abbey walL Hunter Gowan fcadasjiioeof wywfiBiiu n bis nature, tbninre be was terribly nnervnd by the manner in whioh OnfM £ bjfm wgft *wl dap. Hafeis&to; Iter to keep quiet, but ahe ^tnnai Us ifts and omnd the givvc. Be spirited away several miles, but she returned to the hut in the mountain. He let loose his dogs on her, but the brutes would not touch her. As he alighted from his horse the cries of the maniao rang in his ears, and he rushed into the house in the worst possible humour. He cursed his servants, and took a couple of drinks of brandy to compose his nerves. He sat in his chair for some time with the brandy-bottle before him. At length he r&ngthe; bell, and, as the butler entered, he enquired if any strangers had been looking for him. •No, your honour, - except a gentleman who looks very much like a priest; he desired me to say that he'd wish to see you.' ' Ha I the soggarth, by heavens. Show him up.' The servant obeyed his master's orders, and soon ushered in Mr. Walsher, who bowed with a oon placency and humility that would put Uriah Heap to sbame. ' Sit down, Mr. Walsher,' said Colonel Gowan as soon as the servant had withdrawn. 'There is some good brandy there; help yourself.' The other did as desired, and* having taken hie drink, he remarked: * That's brandy, colonel.' * Yes, it's pretty good. I feel a little upset, Mr. Walsher. An nnfortunate woman, whose rebel eons were executed seme time since, has gone a kind of crazy and haunts the place at night, and annoys me terribly. She has just met me and has acted in an outrageou; manner. I don't know what to do with ner. ' I thought you had good dogs, colonel.' ' Well, yes, they are pretty wicked, but, strange to say, they appear afraid and will not touoh her.' ' That's strange, no doubt; but why not get a bloodhound. I think he would soon make her shun the place.' ' You are right, Mr. Walsher. Til get one wherever he is to be had, and then let the crazy wretch look out for herself.' * Of course, that's her affair,' replied the ruffian. ' You are right in keeping watchful servants around you such times as these, and if any one comes lurking around your place in the dead of night they must take the conse' qnence.' 'I'll follow your advice; but, tell me, what news have you ?' ' A good deal, colonel, but I think Til taste your brandy again.' «That's right, help yourself,' replied Gowan as he pushed the decanter towards him. Mr Walsher took a liberal drink and then smacked his lips, remarking in an approving manner: ' Capital brandy, colonel.' ' It's pretty good, Mr. Walsher; but I think yon said you had some important news for me.' 'So I have, colonel, but first let us understand each other. I have only received so far about two hundred pounds from you, and half of this I had to give to my companion.' ' Hang it, man, you know Til treat you liberally. It's not coming out of my pocket, so I can afford to be generous.' ' I know that, colonel, but a bird (in the fist is always worth two in the bush.' ' Well, what do you want P ' If I can tell you the plots and plans of the United Irishmen in the counties of Wicklow and Wexford, and name to you their leaders, as well as the day the general rising is to take place, what would it be worth you F * Such information would be of vital importance, no doubt, Mr. Walsher.' * And supposing I oould tell yon where you oould lay your hands on French officers in disguise, and give yon information about Garret Byrnes that would bring him to the gallows, would it not enhanae the value of the information 5" ' Certainly, Mr. Walsher.' ' Then, Colonel Gowan my tana are three hundred pounds down, and a written gnaran< tee that I'll get a pension of one hundred pounds a year from the Government daring my life.' 'These are terms I can scarcely comply with. I cannot compel the Government to give a pension," 'Very good, Colonel Gowan, I'm Bony that my information and tervioBs are not of more value toyou, but there is no harm done.' Gowan pansed fat mc tine, and then, turning to Walsher, said; ' I find I must aooept your tecma. I have authority to treat with loyal wa who axe willing to aid the Government la this wicked rebellion that is is sure to break oat.* * All right, sir; write the agreement, m put it where it will be eefe.* Hunter Gowan did as desired, and handed the paper with a hundred poasds to Walsher, and a note for two hundred more payable ia one week. Thafa bwanees, wlcnti,' npGed the other as he seemed the money ia Mniblbt. ' And now for my share of the oantraet'. Mr. Walsher then entered into a faQdetail of the workings of the United Makaut, and their abas and objects. He told him bow be bad gained nlwHs information tm a How be bad out of G*m* Byrnes the tact that be United Irishman. WOl yontsww tbatPe^eriy wriked Ow < Certainly; and, Mwftmlwl, rKnw that be basin his boose a Mr. T>i emwi.wha la no other than aIMk aSaer iadfegana* •Good! {MirenUMdOMQttw. "Thin lullnl is nlmHi hifmawliw ' More that, then i* to be a sting at OMS Mkn «wa, a* Wfc Mtolte » ^ ~ iwiij ttVaBwrdlli i w « i Mt I ' Impossible'that these men oould be disloyal, Mr. Walsher.' 'Perhaps so, Oolonel; but you know, or should know at least, that nothing is impossible or improbable these times. * •True, Mr. Walsher, proceed.' ' Yes, sir; but with your permission PU try the brandy again.' ' Certainly, help yourself.' After drinking he wiped his mouth with the sleeve of his coat and continued : 'I have so managed affairs that I will be present at that meeting.' 'Then you will be able to learn all their secrets P 'Exactly so. I think thov willtb» worth the money, for with the information I can give Colonel Gowan he can make his own terms with the Government.' ' True, such information would be invaluable to them.' ' I should think so, la your plane I'd rate it as worth a baionetoy and a ufe pension.' • Walsher, could you not ascertain when and where they meet, so that we cfiuld take them all in one fell swoop ? said Gowan, eagerly. • No, colonel; I have thought of that, but I understand I am to be brought to the meeting blindfolded; but onoe there, you may be be sure that Fll make good use of my eyes and ears, and that few will escape from the terrible net we *hall cast around them.' ' Could you not manage, Mr. Walsher, to set some snare for that fellow, Garret Byrnes f H« is in my way, and has crossed my path. Pd make it another hundred, ay, two, to have him removed.' ' How could it be done, colonel P Tm your man if I could only see my way dear.' 'Think it over, Mr. Walsher, think it over; there is money in it.* •Ay, and blood, too, Colonel Gowan. I will jnst wait until after the delegates meet, for I could not attempt any dangerous scheme before then; but after that, if I do not place Garret Byrnes in your power I'm a fraud and a cheat!' ' Thanks; now let us have a parting drink for the night.' • J 41 m T colonel; but recollect, rm playing the spy upon you, and no one shall be more bitter in their denunciation of yon than your humble servant.' • Good, Mr. Walsher, good < And hoe ia to your health, and Q^d prosper your loyal undertaking!' 'Thanks. But Td as soon you'd not mind praying for me,' replied the other as he laid down his glass. « I'm no hrpoorite. Colonel Gowan, and before I retire f 11 say this, that I'm sure God has no hand in onr wicked schemes, and if we «*k assistance at ail I think we should pray to the devil >' (lb te tmtimua.) 