QUIPS AND CRANKS.—No. CXLIV. RETRIBUTION. [By LIBRA.] Does the reader remember the list day of the year 1875. It was intensely hot. The north wind as it swept over the face of the country seemed to wither and scorch up every green thing. At length the evening approached, and as the great orb of day was about to bathe his burning brow in the waters of St. Vincent's Gulf a solitary pedestrian might have been seen hastening forward on the declivity of Anstey's Hill towards Hope Valley. He appeared to be weary and footsore, and a glance at his features would have been sufficient to apprise the spectator that the Vulture of Anxiety was preying upon bis heart. A quarter of an hour later the traveller entered the Bremen hotel. Here be met a stranger named Breaker, who had just arrived from Kensington, and to whom he unburdened bis heart. His name, he said, was Grimbleten ; he was a widower with but one child, a sweet little seraph three years of age. He was a small farmer living between Houghton and the Chain of Ponds. During the evening of that day his child had been enticed from home by some scoundrel who had left a letter with bis servant, Tom Giles, which, when he had opened he found it to contain simply the inscription E. G. NEVER. Without a moment's delay he had hastened forward bent upon REVENGE, with :— "Fear in Ins heart and frenzy in his eye." At the Travellers Rest. Houghton, he learned that a tall, gaunt, ferocious-looking fellow, in a snuff-coloured velveteen shooting jacket and drab slouch hat had passed through the township about a quarter of an hour before, carrying something In his arms—no doubt the missing child. On hearing this, Breaker gave a sharp shrill whistle, and slapping Grimbleton on the shoulder, exclaimed, " By George, the very man. I saw him not more than twenty minutes ago sitting on a lop of wood, and as I passed he enquired the way to Paradise Bridge." " But bad he a child with him," eagerly enquired Grimbleton. " I hardly know," Breaker replied; " but I fancy I saw something like a crimson bundle in his lap." "My child, my child,'' ejaculated the agitated father as he rushed from tbe hotel in pursuit of the ruffian. The full-orbed moon had just lifted his silver disc above tbe tops of the frowning mountuns he bad left behind bim, and the aged eucalipti of the plains, as they stretched their waving arms on high, appeared to tbe excited imagination of onr hero as tbe ghosts of along line of ancestry, crying, "Bevenge, revenge." On arriving at Ardtornish Grimbleton first caught sight of the object of his pursuit. Ihe snuff-coloured velveteen sbooting-coat, surmounted by a drab slouch hat, turned off sharply to the left, and was but about two hundred yards in advance of his wrath-breaUiing pursuer. The bloodhonnd bad snuffed his victim, and the pursuit was hot and strong. On approaching Paradise, Grimbleton bad gained so much upon the flying catiff as to recognise the crimson tippet, and to bear the piercing cries of his dear little seraph. In another instant the snuff-coloured velveteen shooting-jacket might be seen standing with outstretched arm upon the middle of the bridge, A sharp shrill shriek of agony rent the air, the " all devouring flood" received its innocent prey, and tbe silence of death brooded over the awful scene. But Grimbleton was a father, and a father's heart beat within bis honest breast. In an instant be was battling heroically with tbe splashing waters, and with his strong arm he soon bore tbe half-drowned, ^struggling dear creature to the bank of the river. But what was bis astonishment when, disengaging it from its crimson investment, he discovered that it was not bis dear child, but TACMOTEKIFA.* As he gazed in amazement upon this discovery he was aroused from his reverie by a hideous Mephistophelian laugh in three octaves, followed by a shouting of the enigmatic sentence. E. G. NEVER. Was it a mistake, a dieam, or a crjel practical joke 7 We shall see. Early iu the year 1875 Grimbleton engaged an honest, hard-working, simple-minded farm labourer named Edward Greencbild to work for him at iSs. per week and his board. By tbe end ef March the balance of wages due to him amounted to over £10. Greenchild then received a letter from his brother in Melbourne, informing bim that some family transactions required his immediate presence there, an:l enclosing a passage warrant per Penola, advertised to sail April 2. When informed of this Grimbleton, who was certaiily not over scrupulous in money matteis, induced Greenchild to accept an order upon Captain Bluffman, of Port Adelaide, for the amount of his v a^es, in return for which he gave his employer a receipt in full. The order upon Captain Bluffman vas enclosed in an enveljpe for safety, and 'Is this to be read backwards or forwards. ?—P.D. Greenchild left the tam early in the morning of April 1, and arrived at Port Adelaide on the afternoon of the same day. Bat on his presenting tbe letter, containing, as-he supposed, cue moneyorder, Captain Bluffman flew into a* terrible rage, for instead of the doonment of which Greenchild innocently supposed he was the bearer, the Captain read as follows :—" Slackville, April l.—Dear Captain—Please present the bearer with ihe cat.—Truly yours, Joe Miller." Greeaehild, dreading both the anger of tbe Captain, snd- tbe exposure of his own gullibility, qnietly embarked the same afternoon with the determination, however, at whatever cost to retaliate upon his late employer. He returned to this colony after an absence of about eight months, and employed Breaker and others as confederates to obtain his E.G.NEVEB. Grimbleton, as related above caught " the cat,'" and Greenchild witnessed the justly deserved RETRIBUTION. 