SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. Br Bavabd. Everyone here whose thoughts are in the habit of fastening on financial topics ia in high feather abont the prospects of our new three and a half per cent loan of five and a half millions, always, of coarse, excepting a few ingenious and resolute pessimists like Mr. Fiddington, and the bevy of cadding "ignoramuses" (may I be forgiven for that word I), of whom our unique Buchanan is the type. Sir Saul Samuel, our beloved agentgeneral, never telegraphed better news in all the years of his ambassadorship than that our minimum had actually been fixed too low. " Millions at 3J per cent 1" What a change has come over the spirit of our ledgers. Mot so very many years ago our Treasurer would "sneak" into the London market, amazed (as Mr. Service would say) at hiB audacity in asking for a paltry two or three hundred thousands. Now he stalks into the haunts of the British capitalists, and down come the dibbs in overflowing millions. I suppose there is not much mys tery about the matter. Foreign loans dis credited ; colonial, or rather Australian se curities "maximipended" (all rights reserved) —conversion of millions of three per cent British consols into two and a half per cents.—early federation of the Australasian colonies—here are reasons, my dear inquirer, from which you can pick and choose at yonr leisure the efficient causes of our monetary transfiguration. [A late telegram shows-tbat the favourable expectation regarding the £5,600,000 loan at per cent were fully borne out by the satisfactory results.—En AtaL] Of course a loan for five millions and a half is pretty well accounted for by the railway policy which Mr. Dibbs disclosed on the 24th of last mouth to an astonished and not altogether acquiescent assemblage of legis lators. His scheme, even in the judgment of Opposition members, has the recommenda tion of boldness and comprehensiveness. He proposes to spend nearly thirteen millions sterling on new lines of railway, embracing 1,489 miles, of which 961 miles will be the ordinary heavy road, and 628 are to be con structed on the light system, andwith 601b. steel rails. The proposed line from Forbes to Wilcannia alone will traverse 340 miles, the other tight lines—via, Nyngau to Co bar, Narrabri "to Moree, and Cnlcairn to Gorowa— accounting for the remaining 180 miles. Of the heavy linea the most (mpbrtant will be Mud gee to Walgett, vi& Cocnamble; In verell to Glen Innes; Grafton to Glen Innes; Grafton to the Tweed, vid Casino, Lismore, and' the River Brunswick 1 Kiama ~4o' Jervis Bay? Wagga to Tum berumba, and' Bega to Eden. When the Treasurer announced the cost of the Grafton to Glen Innes line—two millions for 103 miles, or about £20,000 a tnile^ there was a chorus of "Oh's!" from the opponents of the line and a counter chorus of " Hear, hears" from its supporters, and the notes etrack in the Assembly have bam variously echoed all over'the oountry. It isa case of "Oh for "Hear, T . hear " every where, according as the proposed line goes ty or urayirom the doors of those who con sider themselves the most important persons, or the persons whose interests ought to be specially protected. The Mudgee-Walgett proposal does not seem to take at all-except with the good folks who believed In the original Muagee line, and a few others who will be direcuy benefited. But the worst of all the proposals, to my mind, are the Graf ton-Glen Innes and the Kiama-Jervis Bay limes. It is simply a national crime to waste so much money as these two lines will absorb, while a North Coast railway, begin ning at the Tweed or Gratton and joining the Great Northern Railway at West Maitland, or. some point nearer Newcastle, was "stackingout" (as the saying is), a certain benefit to an enormous urea of good oountry, and to all the bar harbour ports now bo inefficiently served by vessels, the chief business of which seems to be sticking on the bam or waiting inside them week aftec week for enongh water to float them out The line to Jervis Bay of course goes nowhere, and when it does get as for as Ulladuila it will not pay the expenses of lubri cation. It is supported by some people as the second instalment of the South Coast line to terminate eventually at Twofold Bay; but the gcjod agricultural land on the south coast k. as nothing compared with the vast was « splendid aoil on toe northern rivers, and there, is absolutely nothing to justify an extension farther than Sboalnaven. The Grafton to Glen Innes line is simply the penalty for the political support of a few northern xepresentativto. Grafton ought to be connected with West Maitland, New castle, and Sydney by a direct coast line, and nokhyngeooad sig-«ag to the table land, at a cost of 430,300 n mile. Some of the pro posed lines, however, are all that could be desired; for example, Forbes to Wilcannia, Grafton to the Tweed (but for the wrong continuation . from Grafton), Bega to Eden, Nyngan to Cobar, Goulburn to CrookweU, MuaSebrook to CaesUia, Braidwood to Tar ragOk«nd?tiinu£toGund*gaL temninaeto .Fort Mscquaris, put down for construction at £4fi0.00$,«nd shout £800,009 for Uetump tions of land. It fe tuobbbly the eheapest line tihidi obffidbetnade; send, if I am mhtohfn la mmm the same - as Mrineer-ln.chief proposed lOyears am - t:"tihall. - be surprised ii • tide PuHftmui; ^ Jerot^^i^^^eiaerodon^'wad some tbelntsttd tineswillbo sn lncslcufoble anfit to^e po^^endurt^end in^jortsnt line wR^of e^^jbe^teWst who, dnringMr. Wrights dis llty^ depart pTfar theattsrim&Mr.Gsrvsn;<M. AtrtherfhostUe egitios. It is geas rhtthat hiaflefonce was an efieo ;ve one { but when the delate -on this sub tot la resumed this week tie' shall see what ie arfticahave to aayjjjy way of rejoinder. The AssemblyssttiaU into Friday morning pvet the (Hvil Servtoe BiU, which pawed oonuhHtoe and went up to the ' ' " h m to its ""'lar's announaanient ths* the Council's -jSSiml, Buf tipt to have a finger in his own pie, for the Speaker, immediately the order of the day was read for the resumption of the adjourned debate on the amendments, rose in his place and himself directed the attention of the House to their questionable character. His remarks, or rather, I 'should say, his dissertation on the principles which re gulate the practice of the British House of Commons when their ancient rights have been infringed by the Lords, were vehemently applauded by the Opposi tion, especially thoBe wherein he pointed out that the modern practice of the Commons was to throw " unconstitutional" amend ments made by the Lords incontinently under the table without debate, compromise, or conference. Mr. Barton is certainly an un compromising champion of the rights of the Assembly, and so far he is the right man in the right place, but his " deliverance" (as the Opposition members delighted to call it) unfortunately took no heed of a long chain of Parliamentary precedents eatablirtied by the Assembly itself in connexion with bills dealing with the waste lands of the Crown. Mr. Stuart, following Sir Henry Parkes, who was evidently out of his element, though he is supposed to be particu larly familiar with constitutional law and the usages of Parliament, succeeded in convincing the House that the proper course for it to pureue was to go into com mittee on the amendments, citing an im mense body of precedents of the Assembly's own making in support of his view. The Premier's speech was elaborate and master ful, and the House preferred his exposition of Parliamentary precedent to that of Sir Henry Parkes ana the Opposition, by 56 votes against 17. This may be token to mean that Mr. Stuart's Land Bill is destined soon to become the law of the land. The big gap left in our harbour by the dis appearance of the Nelson's towering bulk has been partly filled up by the German warship Elizabeth, probably the foreign man-of-war whose appearance off Cape Otway is said to have terrified some of the annexation wallahs in Melbourne And the French Republic is represented by the despatch boat Bruat, the aspect of which is not at all formidable. The Diamond and three smaller vessels j stand, or rather lie, at anchor for Great Britain, and New South Wales has the Wol verene to do duty for hex So somehow or other Farm Cove is lively in spite of the' absent flagship. By the way, I see that some Hobart gobemo ucJiig have again started the stupid story tliat Hobart is to be the future station for Her Majesty's ships on the Arts-. traliau station. The value of this precious specimen of goibemoucherie can be best) understood by looking at Garden Island, ! which the contractors are busy raseeing for an arsenal, store buildings, wharves, and all sorts of conveniences tor the aforesaid vessels, in exchange for the surrender by Her Majesty to the Colonial Government of Dawes Point and all other domains and estates of the Crown throughout the colony. That astute old statesman. Sir John Robertson, originated, if he did not carry out, this splendid ' exchange." It will rob us of that pretty little island known as "Garden Island" to all who are familiar with our famous harbour, hut that is the only aspect of the transaction in which the exchange could be considered a "robbery "—at least by us. The weather to-day (Monday) is not pro pitious tor the great Eight Hours Demonstra tion at Parramatta-park, but I am told that 10,000 people at least will demonstrate. 1 wonder how many would demonstrate for an eight minute movement Last week another demonstration took place at Moore-park, bat it was of a melancholy kind. -The alligator demonstrated that he could not exist under the conditions afforded by his zoological em ployers—wherefore, he gave up his pachy dermatous ghost in the uncongenial pond, and it has departed, doubtless, to join the shades of happy alligators on the ranks of the Styx. Archbishop Moran, who has just been gratifying our cariosity on tbe subject of science as an introduction to pocket-picking, has been made the subject of not a bad joke in the tongne beloved by ecclesiastics of the Roman Church (not educated at Maynooth). And a dignitary of his'own church made it "My dear fellow," said tbe fabricator (a well-known, most worthy, and often most witty knight), " the Holy See was in great perplexity about chooBing the late arch bishop's successor. There was So and So, and what's his name, and the rest of them, and the Holy See's mind could pot be fixed on any ; it was like the famous philosophical puzzle, which leg to extend in order to walk, but they could not settle it on the solvitur arnbrdando principle, so His Holiness settled his doubts on the other principle." "And what was that?' saidL, innocently. He replied, " Why, of course, on the solvitur tnorando one 1" And the Innocent one was had. 