MELBOURNE. Friday Evening. ( FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The deaths within three weeks of exch other of such prominent politicians as the Hon. J. G. Francis sod Sir Charles Sladen teach us very forcibly how “the old order changath giripg place to new," Sir Charles who"had been unconscious of pain fora considerable time before death left os ibis morning at half-past four o'clock, lo his Utter Jife he l ad lost - that power of impaaridoed speaking- w bicb marked -bu caenitb, cut,he was' a prominent actor in our. times In /politics anA.duringhiacpnDectiopwp.bthoLegiiUiiye Connell retained a sfognUr 'and unexampled power ol? personal ‘control over it. He held office twice; first as Treasurer of the Haines Administration-1855- to and secondly as Chiefs Secretary of the shorr-lived SUden Cabinet of "’which -ho controlled the reins for . three months and thr-o daya. fa 1868 r and. was displaced by Sir James M'Cdlloch. Determined in the maintenance of often peculiar views; he earned general re spect as a conscientious, upright, and pains* taking citizen, and few wbd looked upon the hpary : bead aod flowing grey beard imagin-d that he was only now in bis aizty/fuurth yea% His decease will be felt as a loss, not only in political life, bub in the numerous commercial companies which be assisted to direct. The funeral will leave his late residence, Qerioog, at • half-past 3 to-morrow (3aturd*j) aftei noon. The Minister of Lands will visitLske Doodah next Thursday, and it is expected will b? re ceived there by Messrs Bromell, Shiels, Thorn ley, and possibly Mr Wiixon, M.P, Tua object of Che trip, ia which Mr Skene, the Surveyor* General, will participate! is to ascertain the practicability and cost of cuttieg through the natural - bank which exists there in order that the swamp at Condab -may be drained into the lake which liea 16 fee: below it. If this ia done ft is believed the land will be valuable for farming purposes. Amongst the bills for next session will be one dealing with the Conservation of Forests, to take the -place of the existing enactment, .which has never been brought properly into operation. Mr Levi-o, who introduces it, will | visit the Bullarook Forest next Wednesday in I order to post himself thoroughly in the best way of dealing with the conflicting interests which arise in connection wi>h forest ques tions. The selectors continue to pay up, and there is now but £lOOO due by them leas than it was estimated they should pay. The pastoral tenants have contributed s<*me £B3OO in excess of the estimate, but as their rents mainly fall due ia January this is nut surprising, and there will belittle rcveoue from this source fur some months to come. The total revenue from all sources estimated to be -received for this month was £703,000, and of this £431,680 kas actually come in. The intercolonial steamer Kunoowarra and the ship Sir Jamsetjee Family, which met with acci dents t>ff the coast yesterday morning, arrived safely to- day. Toe Koooowarrs left Sydney on the 19th last., and all went welt until half past four o'clock yesterday morning, when abe struck Cliffy Island. la consequence of a dense fog which was prevailing, the steamer was going dead slow, and therefore was easily backed off the obstruction. Soundings were taken, and it was f mod that the vessel was making watar. Pumps were rigged, and these bad to be kept going notil the vessel was moored alongside the wharf. The exact ex* tent of the damage received will not be known notil she is docked, which will be done to-morrow. There was 12 feet of water ia her forehold and 2 feet aft. Fortunately for those on board the steamer was going very slowly when she struck, otherwise there is but little doubt the consequences would have been very serious. As it was the shock was so slight that the passengers hardly felt it. The other vessel, the Sir Jamsetjee Family, belonging to this port, also bad a narrow escape/ Site had made a rather long passage from Fr?derick*tadt, and had got under Cape Otway, when she struck the outer reef. The vessel grated three tiro**, but floated over the obstruction safely. She was taken in cow by the Albatross at the Heads, and taken to the S’ndiidge bight for the purpose of discharging cargo. When it is all out ah« will be taken into dock. At the District Court t >-day the case of the lad O'Coouur was dealt with. Yesterday, on making an application for the cancellation of his indentures with Isaac Matthews, a St. Kilda bootmaker, be asserted that be bad been illtreated, abused, and neglected, aod had not bad a clean sheet on bis bed since Christina*. Mr M'Ewao, the visiting agent of the Orphan age, stated that the boy never made any spe cido charge against Matthew*, but had ex* pressed dissatisfaction. He bad never seen Mr or Mr Matthews the worse for drink. Mr Matthews stated that he had treat'd the boy properly, and called a domestic servant, also an orphan ap prentice to support his statement. Sr>e how. ever, admitted that she might have a«en Mr and Mrs Mvtthewa the worse for liquor. Hr Panton said there seemed to have been neglect both on the part of the authorities and the master, but not so much against the Utter as appeared at first. Tne apprentices ought to get a fair scale of pay, as in this case insuffi* cient p«y was the c-me of the boy running away. He would cauc«l the indentures, as he did not think ic wise to send the boy back. Martini-Heuri, whose friends must think him a wonder, ia now first favourite for the Aus* traliau Cup as well at the Champ : on, List night a commission was execited in the Sydney and Melbourne mirkets to back him for the mile event. About £5OOO was quickly got on, at prices ranging from 10 to 5 to 1, which Utter is his present price. Owing to this move his price has sligbt'y receded for the Champion, being 2 to I. Mr Fleming Norton, the public entertainer, has commenced anac i m against M smm Wil liamson, Garner, and Mu-grove *>r breach of agreement, and the firm bring a similar action against Mr Norton. Mr Norton claims £550 damages, and Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Muagrove claim £750. The triumvirate to-day made application for a commission to examine witnesses in England which was opposed by the plaintiff on the grounds that be had not had time to fiil answering affidavits and the Commission was only intended to gain time. The case was remanded in order to give the plaintiff time to file answering affidavit* A member of the Blue Ribbon Army for whom the excitement of Mr Booth's advent was too great, got gloriously drunk yesterday, aod when placed in the evil at the w.itchbouse ha made noise enough to disturb th* whole neighbf u bond Ha was discharged this morn ing. Ha atated that he bad not touched driuk for over 12 months, and remembered nothing of what h-d occurred y-at«*rd«y. At the Central Grtmind Cjurt to-day, the Ud George CUmp was found not gnilty of setting fire to Dr HowUtt a «übUs, in Fitzßoy, and discharged. Thomas O’Qrady, a farmer, residing at Heathcute, was pUc*d upon hia trial for having disposed of 660 shet-p over the wod of which he had given a linn. What !e known aa the Brighton ghost case was entered into at the local court this morn ing, when a young man named William Hob* tings wis charged with using indecent lan guage, rUo with inaaliing behaviour. William Emery, landlord of the Terminus hotel, stated that on the evening in question ho beard a great noise in front of Ida bot 1. and on going out the prison -r u-ed dUguating lan guage in reference lo witness* wife and daugh ter. Witness thoT went to th'hous* where pri soner wasempfuyed, and fouud the horse which appeared to have been ridden very hard. He fully identified the prisoner, Tue defence was a plea of mistaken identity, but the bench oonridered the charge filly oust deed and inflicted a penalty of £lO, the presiding magis* •rate expressing regret that it was not in bia power to order flogging. 