SERMONS. The cost of publishing these sermons is borne by a fund, towards which contributions are soiicited from all friends of Christian truth. P.O. orders may bo made payable to Frank Oatford. R ENEWING STRENGTH. Br THE ItEV. C. H. Sfbrgeon. Human strength is of many kinds, but in any form it will spend itself in due time. God can lend to men immense physical force ; but though a man had the strength of a lion and an ox comoinea, no wouia one aay laii. Toe force of flesh must fade like the grass to which it is likened. Samson sometimes becomes ex hausted, and he is like to di9 of thirst, though he has slain a thousand men ; yea more, Tie must ultimately die and his mighty thews and tremendous muscle must yield to the worm, and return to the dust of death. Since e ven, granite and iron . yield to constant wear and tear, assuredly man's frailjipdy cannot long be a thing of strength. Our days a transient period run. And change with every circling sun And while to lengthen '(1 > cars we t-ust, Before the moth we sink to dust. Mental strength is a noble possession, but it .also fails its owner, for at beso it is a finite power. Tho wisest of men by-und-bye feel the infirmities of age creeping upon them, and frequently present the sad spectacle of second childhood. Death pays tfo regard to science or eloquence. The fool dies, and as surely dies Uie senator, the philosopher, the divine. When you take up the skull of a sage, you find no weight of wisdom there, nor trace of all the curious movements of a potent brain. Know ledge, genius, imagination, prophetic fire, all depart ; even before death they often fail. Baffled by mysteries, baulked by prejudice, blinded by pride, the man of great under standing may yet be driven to his wit's end. So far as even spiritual strength is of the man himself, so far as you can conceive of it apart from the immediate operation of the Holy Ghost, it also cannot be depended on. The most devout may grow lukewarm, the i strongest believer may doubt, the most j sanctified may backslide ; it is a heavenly j strength, but so far as it is transfused into our humanity, and becomes a part of oilr- selve, it also may wax weak, though, blessed be God, it can never utterly die. Every form of human strength must of necessity spend itself, for the world of which, it forms a part deca ys, and by -and- bye, like a worn-out vesture, the heavens and the eafth shall be rolled up and put away. Some ' signs of age the creatures show already, but the time will come when their strengt h shall utterly fail. The reason is that all strength apart from God is derived strength, atftl is consequently measurable ; yea, apart from God it is not strength at all, and consequently must come to an end. Tho river runs on and the brook fails not, because tliey come from fountains that are not affected by drought ; but cisterns are dried and reservoirs fail, becau&e; they havo no springing well at the bottom erf them ; and if the pipes which supply them cease to flow, they are soon left dry as a threshing-floor. Pools which are not self- supplied are always liable tp be extrusled as the water is drained from them. Let every man know, therefore, that whatever his strength may be, of body, mind, or spirit, if it be fiis own it will fail him one day. Let him see to it, therefore, that he does net trust it ; j especially that he does not trust it with eternal ha&ards; or rest upon it for his soul's safety, for which it Sever can be equal. It will be a horrible thing to be leaning and to find your staff fail yotl when you are on the edge of a measureless precipice. : It will be terrible to be buildir-g and to find your foundations washed from under j you, and all your handiwork carried away by ; the flood ! Yet so it mu«t be if we are depend ing upon anything that comes of ourselves. Our own righteousness, our own thoughts, our own religiousness, our own prayers, resolves, attainments, achievements — everything that is of ourselves — must sooner or later prove them selves to be but human ; and over all things human it is best to write, "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." Mingled with; , all things human there are portions .of .that all- dissolving acid which fell upon man's nature when infinite justice said, " Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return." On the Other hand, what a. contrast there is as to Divine strength ! That never, fails." It seems almost a superfluity to say as much as that. . It abides in joyous fulness, never in the least diminished. With God there are no years to make Him decline with age, no labours to tax His powers. With God our lives are but as the swing of t he pendulum. A thousand years iu His sight are passed away as a watch in the night. Mil lions of ages are nothing to Him. He was God when as yet this sun, and moon, and all these stars slept in His thought, like unborn forests in an acorn . cup ; and He will be God when all this brief creation shall melt bnek to nothing as a moment's foam dissolves into the wave that bore it, and is lost for aye. God changes not in any degree whatever — the fountain of His almightiness still overflows. He made this world ; no doubt He made thousands more ; and l«as still undiminished power to create. All the worlds that we can see revolv ing in yonder sky are perhaps as a single chamber in the mansion- house of creation j they oceupy an insignificant corner behind the door, compared to other and vaster worlds that Ho has made. But the glorious Lord is jut as ready to make more ; He is still the same for ever and for ever. In your dire necessity you may draw largely upon Him, but you canndt exhaust Him. 