IV. Was uncle Mangle, after all, so very bad a specimen of a murderer, or had he learned repentance after his fashion,. and under stood what remorse was—what atonement ? He told me before he died that he had left all his money to the nearest of kin of Casper Keefeland, whoever he or she might be; that it was on his conscience—or what he thought his conscience—that this should be the destination of his money, which was not half as much as people thought he had scraped together. He told me something more than this. That he had made himself as hard, cruel, and brute-like as he could to me, so that I should be glad, rather than sorry, when he was gone—so that there should seem a natural reason in his strong dislike of me for leaving the money some where else. Even after his death no one would suspect him of so babyish a thing as restitution, he hoped, fie would have liked to die " hard as nailB," but it was not to be. He could not have his own way in every thing. Who can ? "I wasn't half as bad as I tried to be, Martin, that's all," he said to me the next night when he was lingering on still, "I wanted you to hate me. But you wouldn't." His voice.was a long way off now—he was much weaker- he could hardly lift his hand from the bed-clothes. He was not likely now to spin me any more of his long yarns. That very night, again, 1 was trying hard to think it was a yarn, and nothing more. Later on he said in a half absent way, and yet in a way that was strangely impressive on me— "She hasn't called forme yet. What a time she keeps me waiting ?" I put my hand on his, which was figeting restlessly outside the bed-clothes, and said— "Don't think anything more of such non sense. If it's all true you've told me " " If!" he murmured, indignantly. " Think of that a bit, and how sorry you are now." He stared at me like a man resenting my advice; then he made a sudden effort to sit up in bed, and failed ; lastly, he clutched my hand with both hiB own. " I'm—called—for 1" be said. " Here she is, by God—at last I" He gave a long sigh, shut his eyes, and died ; and the breath had not been out of his worn old body half a minute before, to my horror and amazement, the door was slowly and softly opened, and there stole into the room the young woman, or the ghost of that young woman, who a fortnight since had told me that her name was Bertha Keefeland. I thought, in that moment, it was the ghost of Bertha—a ghost with glass ear rings !—for my nerves were unstrung ; my uncle was just dead, and hiB story was not four-anci-twenty-hours old. I cowered from her among the bed-curtains. I was not half a man for the next five minutes. I could hear my heart pounding away inside me like a steam hammer. Here a very natural woman's voice ex claimed— " Dead ! Oh, is he dead, my poor father's friend ?" I looked round the curtains at her; she was bending over him with tearB of interest in her blue eyes. She had put a little hand upon his cold, hard forehead. She was so uncommonly unlike a ghost that ! could not believe in uncle Samuel's story no more. His brain had given way in his old age, and that was the explanation of it. An odd coincidence or two—life is all coincidences— had helped to make the yarn remarkable, and that was all. *" How long hashe beendead?" she naked, in a whieper, and as if afraid the migKi jeake him. "Juit a minute." ■ j " I heard in Deal that he.waa .very ill,And,] I .came to you at once, I oould not make anybody hear in the'shop, so l thought ij would not run away again, but-come upstairs to where the feotstsps were. I'gueseed. wbat wasiiappening," she said, sorrowfully,' "afid Ibadhoped to*, see him once before hit death j to give him-poor father's message— father's thanks." " ?ou—yeu,have never Been him before,' then?" "Never." I " You have never been in England before this year?" I asked. " Never." " And you are Bertha Eeefeland—Caspar Eeefeland's daughter ?"' " Ob, yes." "Poor old uncle Nangle," I murmured, looking at him, " how your mind wandered at the last to be sure!"' " Did he speak of me?" she asked. " Yes. I should rather think he did.", V My_ooming:to.England distressed hiha a great ideal, reminding him, I dare Bay, -so much of father." . ''Hum J perhaps it did." " ' Don't .tell him everything too suddenly —he's,old like,' said .'my father, before he died," Bhe continued ; "1 give him plenty of time to think matters over—say you'll call again, or anything.' And when, a fortnight agoj I'heard him shriek out after you had taken in my message to him, I felt I had been too liasty, and I crept away at once, giving him more time as father wished." j " Oh 1 I see." ! "See what?" "That your father was a wonderfully ^con siderate man. And yet " " And yet ?" she repeated. " My uncle never seemed exactly the man for anybody to be considerate about," Iicon cluded, " My father liked him ve'ry'much always. I don't.think you could have understood your uncle," she said, thoughtfully, almost reproachfully. " Well, I suppose I didn't," I confessed. "I have a little.more to say—but," she added, with a shiver, "is there any reason I elionld say it here ? Any reason we should stop here longer ?" "No. Please come downstairs," I an swered. - We went to the bar parlor, where she sat down in my uncle's chair, and looked hard at me. She was a very pretty German girl, I thought. " Now, about the box," she said, " I don't wish to trouble you concerning it till after your uncle's funeral. I will simply ask you to take extra care of it, now that it is in your sole custody, and not in the good man's upstairs, who has held it in faithful truBt for me so long. I may tell you even there are jewels of considerable value in it, aad I am very poor. That may interest you, perhapB,' for my sake," she added, with a faint little smile, " To be sure," I answered, heartily, " and that it does. But " She waited for me to proceed, looking at me anxiously. " But. before his death , my uncle spoke of those jewels, and said—whether in his sober senses or out of them, the Lord knows, MiBS" Eeefeland—that—that," I stammered forth," " he had turned the jewels into money." " Why should he have done that ?" " As a kind of loan, perhaps," I suggested. " His statement was not very clear, and, as there was a ghost mixed up with it, 1 could not make out exactly ; but the long and short of it all is, he has left all his money, every scrap of it, to you." " To me !" " To the next-of-kin of Caspar Eeefeland. That is you, I hope?" I asked nervously, " or the poor old boy has made a pretty mess of it." " Yes; it is I." "That's all right. I'm glad." "Butyou are his nephew—should'be bis heir," she exclaimed. " What has he left you J" ■ ' " He has not thought of me in any Way." " Oh, that is wrong !" " No ; I think it is right," I answered. " How can it be ?" "How can anything be!" I said in my desperate bewilderment. "Don't try to make oat anything just yet, Miss Eeefeland, please. If you had only come before—years and years before!" " I was taking care of father, and he only spoke of the box a few months ago, and just before he died. It had passed out of his memory completely, lie said. He was a very forgetful man; and," she added, thoughtfully, " as he had many troubles it was just as well." " Yes," I assented, " I should say bo." " I should not have been surprised if the box had been missing altogether," she re marked. " I was prepared to hear you tell me that when I first called," " Why?" I asked, cautiously. " There was someone who knew the box was here—my father's second wife, and a Bertha Keefeland, too. My father had told her of it once. He remembered that he had spoken of it to her." I felt a creeping ap my back now. " Your father's second wife/' I repeated in a busk) whisper. " Yes He married her a year or two after he had come back from Deal for the last time. Married her for a nurse, and to take care of me, left motherless. And she was too wild and passionate and—and—wicked. She deserted him." " What—what has become of her?" "I don't know. She left a letter on the table one night, that she could bear her life no longer, and must go away from him and me. ' She was then about the age I am," Bertha added, thoughtfully. "She was much too young for father. He was very fond of her, though ; after she had left him he made me dress like her, and wear ornaments like hef, too. It was a strange fancy." Yes. I saw the story now, I thought, from its shadowy beginning to its end. The young wife of Oaspar Keefeland, after deserting her husband, had come to the Flying FiBh for the sandal-wood box, had come with a lying message from Caspar, and met her death in coming. Uncle Nangle's confession was true after all. Bit by bit I sifted it out. The old man had killed the wrong Bertha Eeefeland, and year after year It became more and more plain to me—more and more of a terrible tale of temptation and cupidity. Let me turn away from it for good—it will be known only to Bertha and me until this hand is still which puts the record on paper. Bertha is my wife. She came into my uncle's money, and as she insisted upon sharing it with me, we made up our minds just to share our lives together as well, and bo round the story like an orange And the moral of this story always strikes me as a queer one. If uncle Nangle had not murdered Caspar Keefeland's second wife, I should have never married B' rtha Eeefe land, and been happy for the rest of my days. Bertha s >ys I must not put it down to murder, but then she alwae looks on the bright Bide of things. (Concluded.) A Ballnrat burglar had a narrow escape the other night. He tiled to rob an editor's house, but he discovered his mistake and got away before the editor had time to rob him. Now the editor has taken off his door plate, and is waiting for such another chance to turn up, when he will be promptly on bond. 