I CATILFIELD GUIH3EAS ASD COT. br baiteboost. I-**? Jbtwwtjped.escttW I 5®Jja ^U.ot t mu moch 1 tuning over; the pifPWl Ig4*1^ Grei to come under review y»l tost yew von the Great Po&U; IS TJ" «wrt>kQwfoUerlJM toprow ft ^▼OwMtVlv 0*1,1' JL*- . hiuM • ■ AtiAttS -I *^«P0ni4erab)y enhahi WtofettnWafevowJ f^:h?wmtn, Power. Si. ?. mtnm m eooiher mi ,. v itt, aM finisVln iaie m®, opt he held fa ."A lo, atmriheratme X.tos graw to*. Rufus, iiwliao; " enifah be the best outsider. Without any further beating about the bush, I apprehend that the placed lot will be as follows DAVID 1 MERRIMU 2 GRATITUDE ... 3 Next Saturday's Caulfield Cup will be one of the greatest events in the annals of the Australian turf. A' bonne boucfte of 1,300 sovs. to the winner is a rarity, whilst the big prizes of 600 sovs. and 200 sovs. to the second and third will ensure a great and honest struggle for places Backers for "1,2.3" may, therefore, with confidence, put their money down, and whatever is backed straight out ought also to be backed for a place. The field, moreover, will run up to 30 or more, thus providing one of the grandest sights ever witnessed on a racecourse. It is not necessary that I should enter into detail of the whole of the probable starterB, a great proportion of whom have not the ghost of a chance. Those likely to form the front rank as they pass the post wil . . _ will suffice. Martini-Henry is the first of the top-weights that must not be passed by lightly. Beipg in good work, and on his last year's brilliant achievements, he is not out of. it Another one that I have always looked upon with confidence since the weights came out is Fryingpan. Add to this the splendid health the horse is in, and the unin terrupted sound work administered him by Mr. F. Doldn, and I may at once eay that I fancy his chance second to none. We all know that weight is never any object to Fryingpan, whilst he is so fast a finisher as to guarantee nis running on when a lot of others are done with. Power knows the Caulfield course as well as most jockeys, and I shall anticipate Fryingpan lying handy at the turn, and then runing away from his horses. If Despot starts he will not disgrdbe himself; and Boolka, despite his never having gone the distance in public, might not improbably upset my calculations. Mr. Miller's horse is so speedy over a mile that he ought to be backed for a place. Rapid I have heard mentioned in a good quarter as the best out sider ;but I have no idea that Capri or Col stouu will either be dangerous. Hastings, on the other hand, on his Hawkesbury Handicap performance, should run forward, if not nearly win ; and fit and well on the day Claptrap will not be out of it by any means. Maroney was backed to win a lot of money when the weights appeared; but as it was not done by the stable there is no reliable line. From a friend up north, who has frequently ridden Maroney, I hear great accounts as to what he can do with (my weight and over any distance. A genuine demonstration in favour of the New South Wales horse would show how the wind blew, Vergy and Victress have each been doing good strong work, and the former is by ex cellent judges considered to possess as rosy a chance as anything. I think, however, he will be outclassed. Camerine, Battailous, Bend Or, and The Agent are all fancied, and anything else may for the present be dis missed, until the find payments are made on Tuesday next Although a week before the race, I have no hesitation in plumping for FRYINGPAN, and adding that BooLKA, Hastings, Mabtiki Hekby, and Claptrap will finish close up. 