OPENING OF TUB SALVATION AEMY BARRACKS. The Salvation Army barracks, Lirtle Bridge street, eru opened cn Saturday. Major Backer, tbe Rev. 3\. F Bor.lev, ^tuff-officers Holltnan and Spargo, aptain and Mrs piiiiiips, arrived by the afternoon P ^ and were met w a'prc,cession, headed by the t c^iiip^d brasB baud. The proce>sion, headed M J Barker and ataff, then inarched ihrough gj » ^ ^ theh&u; 1vh;cll waspacked. The J vBnrt riir, rt "Worlt for tbe nioht ia brass ram^ puyt.a,m wort, K'r^uie viga^K T pray M i-.r Barker dedicated the building ani everything in it to God. H>mn, '*Thereis a fountain filled with biood." The lit v. Mr Horsley said he was filled with thankfulness *iith what he saw, aud was thankful that tbe barrack* were now complete, and tbat the place would be turned into a converting furnace. There was no need to consecrate what belonged to God already. A portion t}f Scripture was read, and Major Barter remarked that he knew I of no warmer hearted Christians than those of Baliar&t.; Ho stated tbat tbe building and land would cost 500, oi which £300 was paid down. This was independent cf £300 more for tbe land. That left £500 to raise. Major Barker then solemnly dedicated tbe building in tho n&ura; of Ood the Father, God the Son, and God th-^ Holy Ghost, and cf tbe Bev. Win. Hooih, to the salvation of men and women. !A volley was fired) He eaid that the objec- of tbe army was the salvation of men- and women, end be heped tbat ibose who were now waiting tbe streets of Ballarat would be hereafter waiting the streets of tho New Jerusalem. Mrs Barker wa^ present ia .spirit, though not in soul. Ciptain Phiiiips aung the 71sfc hymn in both Welsh and English. CaptBin Phillips made reference to his rectnt visit. He said be bad been in the army live yeais, and had been all over Kngland, Scotland, Wales, ar.d India, end in all bis experience tho soldiers of Ballaiat were the dearest to a captain's heart. Hymn, " We sre bound for a better land." Prison-brigadier Dubbo thanked Gcd that be was present aud ublo to address the people. It had been said thdt be got up for a purpose in this matter, and he would invite those who said it to go to tbe detective office and look at tbe records. He bad done nine years for forgery, three years for burglary, two twelve months, and so many small- sentences tbathecould notremember them. He had taken the pbdge, but it was no use. Hebadbeeu in delirium tremens, and bid spent 370 days on bread and water. Foley and Musgrove brought about his conversion. Major Barker stated ihat 59 of those discharged frum prison had beea conveited, and 250 met altogether, ibe Prison-gate brigade bsd during, its existence supplied .8386 meals and 2000 beds. Staff-officer Holfman also > poke. In tbe evening, ot the Alfred Hall, there large attendance. Major Barker said tbat in five months ovei 250 discharged prisoners had been supplied with fobd, and over 100 with clothing. The memb,Ts of the Colling* ood band, one after another, testified to tbe saving power of Jetus. Jlr Hansen, a Melbiur .c€ merchant, trades lengthy speech, and related numerous cases with which ha was personally acquainted, where the Salvation Army bsd done, and v. as doing, good. Mr Baker, ML A., spoke about his firs: visit to tbe Collbgwood barracks, when he saw a large number of ugly persons, and a subsequent visit, when theee had Jirprov. (i fn loots by their conversion. Billy Musgrove, Tom lCusstil, and the Bev. Mr Horsley also spoke. yesterday morning, at sernn, tbe bircackr was crowded, and Staff-officer Ilollman made a good speech. Iu the afternoon Mr Buasell, M.L A., spoke in high terms of the work done by the army, and Lieutenant Kidd. late "'Kingcf the CollinRwocd larrikins," made a forcible speech, stating tbat it was a good day for him when he met the Salvation Array. He bad beea sneered at, but tbat made T him strongerin faitb. In the evening there was another tremendous assembljge Captain Phillips' address was the chief feature. He related how he came to be saved Both he and Mrs Phillips sang bymns. Large num bers came np for &ancti;€cati;.o and pardon. Tbe financ'ial re-.u'ts of rhe two days were very satisfactory. To day there will be & holiness meeting at three, in tha barracks, followed by tea and a meeting in tbe Alfred Hall at m; hf. 