FISHER'S GHOST (From the Family World) In the colony of New South Wales, a place called Penrith, distant from Sydney about thirty seven miles, lived a farmer named Fisher, he had been, originally, transported, but had become free by ser- vitude. Unceasing toil and great steadi- ness of character had acquired for him a considerable property for a person in his station of life. His lands and stock were He was unmarried, and was about forty- five years old. Suddenly Fisher disappeared; and one of his neighbours - a man named Smith - gave out that he had gone to England but would return in two or three years. Smith produced a document, purporting to be executed by Fisher; and, according to this document, Fisher had appointed Smith as agent during his absence. Fisher was a man of very singular habits and eccentric character, and his silence about his departure, instead of creating surprise, was declared to be "exactly like him." About six months after Fisher's disap- pearance, an old man called Bob Weir, who had a small farm near Penrith, and who also drove his own cart to market, was returning from Sydney one night when he beheld seated on a rail which bounded the road - Fisher. The night was very dark, and the distance of the F.... from the middle of the road was at least twelve yeards. Weir, nevertheless, saw Fisher's figure seated on the rail. He pulled his old mare up, and called out: "Fisher, is that you?" No answer was returned; but there, still on the rail, sat the form of the man with whom he had been on such intimate terms. Weir - who was not drunk, al- though he had taken several glasses of strong liquor on the road - jumped off his cart, and approached the rail. To his sur- prise the form vanished. "Well" exclaimed old Weir, "This is very curious anyhow!" and breaking several branches off a sapling, so as to mark the exact spot, he remounted his cart, put his old mare into a jog-trot, and soon reached his home. Ben was not likely to keep this vision a secret from his old woman. All that he had seen he faithfully related to her. "Hold your nonsense, Ben" was old Betty's reply. You know you have been a-drinking and disturbing of your imagi- nation. Ain't Fisher a-gone to England! And if he had a-come back, do you think we shouldn't a-heard on it?" "Ay, Betty" said old Ben "but he'd a cruel gash on his forehead and the blood was all fresh like. Faith, it makes me shudder to think on it. It were his ghost." "How can you talk so foolish, Ben!" said the old woman. "You must be drunk surely, to get on about ghostesses." "I tell thee I am not drunk" replied old Ben angrily. "There's been foul play, Betty. I'm sure on't. There sat Fisher on the rail - not more than a mat- ter of two miles from .... Egad, it were on his own fence that he sat. There he was, in his shirt-sleeves, with his arms a- folded; just as he used to ... when he was a-waiting for anyone coming up the road. Bless you, Betty, I seen 'im till I was as close as I am to thee, when on a sudden he vanished like smoke." "Nonsense, Ben, don't talk of it," said old Betty "or the neighbours will only laugh at you. Come to bed, and you'll forget all about it before to-morrow morning. Old Ben went to bed, but he did not next morning forget all about what he had seen on the previous night; on the ctonrary he was more positive than before. However, at the earnest and often repeated request of the old woman, he promised not to mention having seen Fisher's ghost, for fear that it might expose him to ridicule. On the following Thursday night, when old Ben was returning from market - again in his cart - he saw seated upon the same rail, the identical apparition. He had purposely abstained from drinking that day nd was in full possession of all his senses. On this occasion old Ben was too much alarmed to stop. He urged the old mare on and got home as speedily as possible. As soon as he had unhar- nessed and fed the mare, and taken the purchases out of the cart, he entered his cottage, lighted his pipe, sat over the fire with his better half, and gave her an ac- count of how he had disposed of his pro- duce, and what he had brought back from Sydney in return. After this he said to her: "Well, Betty, I'm not drunk tonight, anyhow, am I?" "No" said Betty. "You are quite sober, sensible-like tonight, Ben; and therefore you have come home without any ghost in your head. Ghosts! Don't believe in such things." "Well you are satisfied I am not drunk, but perfectly sober" said the old man. "Yes Ben" said Betty. "Whell then," said Ben "I tell thee what, Betty. I saw Fisher to-night agin." "Stuff" cried old Betty. "You may say stuff" said the old far- mer "but I tell you what - I saw him as plainly as I did last Thursday night. Smith is a bad 'un. Do you think Fisher would ever have left this country without coming to bid you and me good bye?" "It's all fancy!" said old Betty. "Now drink your grog and smoke your pipe, and think no more about the ghost. I won't hear on't." "I'm as fond of my grog and my pipe as most men" said old Ben. "But I'm not going to drink anything to-night. It may be all fancy, as you call it, but I am now going to tell Mr Grafton all I saw, and what I think;" and with these word he got up and left the house. Mr Grafton was a gentleman who lived about a mile from old Weir's farm. he had been formerly a lieutenant in the navy, but was now on half-pay, and was a settler in the new colony; he was moreover in the commission of the peace. "The news in Sydney, sir, is very small," said old Ben; "Wheat is falling but maize still holds its price - seven and sixpence a bushel; but I want to tell you, sir, something that will astonish you." "What is it Ben?" asked Mr Grafton. "Why sir," resumed old Ben, "you know I am not a weak-minded man, nor a fool exactly, for I was born and bred in Yorkshire." "No Ben, I don't believe you to be a weak-minded man, nor a fool" said Mr Grafton, "but wat can you have to say that you come at this late hour, and that you you require such a preface?" "That I have come upon the ghost of Fisher, sir" said the old man, and he detailed the particulars of which the reader is already in possession. Mr Grafton was at first disposed to a-think, with old Betty, that Ben had seen Fisher's ghost through an extra glass or two of rum on the first night; and that, on the second night when perfectly sober, he was unable to divest himself of the idea previously entertained. But, after a little consideration, the words "How very singular" involuntarily escaped him. "Go home Ben," said Mr Grafton "and let me see you to-morrow at sunrise. We will go together to the place where you say you saw the ghost." Mr Grafton used to encourage the aboriginal natives of New South Wales (that race which has been very aptly described as "the last link in the human chain") t remain about his premises. At the head of a little tribe then encamped on Mr Grafton's estate was a sharp young man named Johnny Creek. The peculiar faculty of the aboriginal natives of New South Wales of tracking the human foot not only over grass but over the hardest rock, and tracking the whereabouts of runaways by signs imperceptible to civi- lized eyes, is well known; and this man, Johnny Creek, was famous for his skill in this peculiar art of tracking. He had re- cently been instrumental in the apprehension of several desperate bushrangers, whom he had tracked over twenty-seven miles of rocky country and fields, which they had crossed bare-footed, in the hope of checking the black fellow in the pro- gress of his keen pursuit with the horse police. When old Ben Weir made his appear- on the morning at Mr Grafton's house, the black chief Johnny Cree, was sum- moned to attend. He came and brought with him several of his subjects. The party set out, old Weir showing the way. The leaves of the branches of the saplings which he had broken on the first night of seeing the ghost were withered, and sufficiently pointed out the exact rail on which the phantom was represented to have sat. There were stains upon the rail. Johnny Creek, who then had no idea what he was required for, pronounced these stains to be "White man's blood" and after searching about for some time, he pointed to human body had been laid. In New South Wales long droughts are not very uncommon, and not a single shower of rain had fallen for seven months previously - not sufficient even to lay the dust upon the rail. In consequence of the time t hat had elapsed, Creek had no small difficulty to contend with, but in about two hours he succeeded in tracking the footsteps of one man to the unfrequented side of a pond at some distance. He gave it as his opin- ion that another man had been dragged thither. The savage walked round and round the pond, eagerly examining its borders and the sedges and weeds springing up around it. At first he seemed baffled. No .. had been washed ashore to show that any- thing unusual had been sunk in the pool; but having finished the examination, he laid himself down on his face and looked keenly along the surface of the smooth and stagnant water. Presently he jumped up, uttered a cry peculiar to the natives when gratified by finding some long sought object, clapped his hands and pointing to the middle of the pond, to where the decompositon of some sunken substance had produced a slimy coating, streaked with p..... colours he exclaimed: "White man's fat." The pond was immediately searched; and below the spot indicated, the re- mains of a body were discovered. A large stone and a rotted silk handkerchief were found near the body; these had been used to sink it. That it was the body of Fisher there could be no question. It might have been identified by the black, but on the wainscoat were there some large brass buttons which were recognised, both by Mr Grafton and old Ben Weir, as Fisher's property. He had worn those buttons on his waistcoat for several years. Leaving the body by the side of the pond, and old Ben and the blacks to guard it, Mr Grafton cantered up to Fisher's house. Smith was not onlyh in possession of all the missing man's proeprty, but had removed to Fisher's house. It was about a mile and half distant. They inquired for Mr Smith. Mr Smith, who was at breakfast, came out and invited Mr Graf- ton to alight. Mr Grafton accepted the invitation, and after a few desultory ob- servations said. "Mr Smith, I am anxious to purchase a piece of land on the other side of the land belonging to this estate, and I would give a fair price for it. Do you have power to sell?" "Oh yes, sir" said Smith. "The power which I hold from Fisher is a gen- eral power;" he forthwith produced a document purporting to be signed by Fisher, but which was not witnessed. "If you are not very busy, I should like to show you the piece of land I allude to" said Mr Grafton. "Oh, certainly sir. I am quite at your service" said Smith; and he then ordered his horse to be saddled. It was necessary to pass the pond where the remainms of Fisher's bdoy where then exposed. when they came near to the spot, Mr Grafton, looking Smith full in the face, said "Mr Smith I wish to show you something. Look here." He pointed to the decomposed body, and naturally watch- ing Mr Smith's countenance, remarked: "These are the remains of Fisher. How do you account for them being found in this pond?" Smith, with the greatest coolness, got off his horse, minutely examine the remains, and then admitted that there was no doubt they were Fisher's. he confessed himself at a loss to account for their discovery, unless it could be (he said) that somebody had waylaid him on the road when he left his home for Sydney; had murdered him for the gold and bank notes which he had about his person, and had then thrown him into the pond. "My hands, thank heaven!" he continued "are clean. If my old friend could come to life again, he would tell you that I had no hand in this horrible murder." Mr Grafton knew not what to think. He was not a believer in ghosts. Could it be possible, he began to ask himself, that old Weir had committed the crime, and, finding it weigh heavily on his con- science, and fearing that he might be de- tected, had trumped up the story about the ghost, had pretended that he was led to the spot by supernatural agency, and then, by bringing the murder voluntarily to light, hoped to stifle all criticism? But then he considered Weir's excellent character, his kind disposition and good na- ture. These at once put to flight his sus- picion of Weir; but still he was by no means satisfied of Smith's guilt, much as appearances were against him. Fisher's servants were examined, and stated that their master had often talked of going to England on a visit to his friends, and of hiring Mr Smith to manage his farm; and that, though they were surprised when Mr Smith came in and said he had "gone at last" they did not think it at all unlikely that he had done so. An inquest was held, and a verdict of "wilful murder" found against Thomas Smith. He was thereupon committed to Sydney for trial at the ensuing sessions in the Supreme Court. The case naturally excited great interest in the colony; and public opinon respecting Smith's was evenly balanced. The day of trial came, and the court was crowed almost to suffocation. The Attorney General very truly remarked that there were circumstances connected with the case which were without any precedent in the annals of jurisprudence. The only witnesses were old Weir and Mr Grafton. Smith, who defended himself with great composure and ability, cross examined them at considerable length, and with consummate skill. The prosecution having closed, Smith addressed the jury (which consisted of military officers) in his defence. He admitted that the circum- stances were strong against him; but he most ingeniously proceeded to explain them. The power of attorney, which he produced, he contended had been regularly granted by Fisher, and he called several witnesses, who swore that they believed the signature to be that of the de- ceased. He further produced a will, which had been drawn up by Fisher's attorney, and by that will Fisher had ap- pointed Smith his sole executor in the event of his death. He declined, he said to throw any suspicion on Weir, but he would appeal to the common sense of the jury whether the ghost story was entitled to any credit, and if it were not, to ask themselves why it had been invented? He added to the fact - which in cross- examination Mr Grafton swore to - that when the remains were first shown to him, he did not conduct himself as a guilty man would have been likely to do, although he was horror-stricken on beholding the hideous spectacle. He concluded by in- voking the Almighty to bear witness that he was innocent of the diabolical crime for which he had been arraigned. The judge (the late Sir Francis Forbes) recapitulated the evidence. It was no easy matter to deal with that part which had reference to the apparition; and if the charge of the judge had any leaning one way or the other, it was decidedly in favour of an acquittal. The jury retired, but after deliberating for seven hours, they returned a verdict of "Guilty" and Smith was hanged. 