? fSIMaceUaneous. Grandmother Gray. By Mrs. M. L. Rayne. I think Tommy Gray fully appreciated tho fact that his bread was buttered on both sides for when ho got into a street riot with Charlie Wilson, who threatened to tell Tommy's father and get him an 'all-fired liokin',' Master Tommy just ran off aaying : 'DasBn't l I've got a grandmother tew homo.' ? Tommy's grandmother was the kind of a wnmnn whn in nil firs and fltime in vonth and all ashes-of-rose in old age. She had been a beauty once, but thero was nothing to show for it but ' the tender graco of a day that was dead.' Wrinkles had taken the place of dimples, her eyes had burned themselves out, her oheeks were shrivelled, and as for teeth she had only two in her head. 'But, thank the Lord,, they are opposite t'each other,' said Grandmother Gray. She had a lap for the ohildren, too — most grandmothers don't have any lap— and sho sung them to sleep every night. Tommy had made her promise in an unguarded moment that she would rook him to sleep until he was 21\. She .seemed in a fair'way to do it, but she reposed-his overgrown ieet and limbs on a chair and fondled the ourly head till he had just ' awakeness' left, after his grand matin vespers, to enable him to steer straight to bed. The songs she sung were very funny ones, or very sorrowful. They were either of the ' ti rooral-to-loo' order, or liko ' Hark, from the tombs a doleful sound.' What Tommy liked most was the Scotch ministrelsy. He never tired of ' Over the water and over the lea, . And over the water to Charley. Ob, Charley loves good ale and wine . And Charley loves good brandy, ' And Charley loves to kiBS tho girls ' As sweet as sugar oandy.' Tommy thought there was -an educational difference botween him and Charley, but he made no comment for fear of being deprived of the music. On Sundays she sang : ' I'm wearin' awa, Jean, Tiilro ariaw tprpnf.Vi in t.Viaw. .Tpftn. I'm wearin1 awa . To the land o' the leal.' : 'An' what is- 'tho leal,' grandmother?' j Tommy would ask. And the aged woman would fix her sad, tired, patient eyes on the blue beyond and make answer in her low, quavering voice : ' It's aye to be true, ma boy, true to your king, true to your God, and ower true to yourael'.' The old lady had some quaint ways. One of theBa was always to attend the grandest ohuroh in the parish, where a celebrated divine preached in the modern vernacular of amended theology. ' Why do you go to hear so difficult a preaoher ? '2 someone asked the old lady. ' Do you understand him ? ' ' Na,' she answered, ' I dinna hear a word that ho says.' . - ' Then what pleasure oan you'get out of his sermons. ' ' 'Child I' answered the old lady re verently, ' oan't I see tho holy wng -of his head?' _ ' Is there a pot of gold at the end, of tho rainbow, grandmother ? ' that graceless Tommy would ask. -. 'Aye, child.' ' And does anybody find it ?' ~ 'Aye, many. And they go far first. It's not in the flesh you'll find what lies hid at the end. of the rainbow.' - She oould tell time by the flowers and the sun. She had seen a ghost. She could find Job's coffin in the sky. ' She had a charm for bruises and outs. It was like entertaining an angel unawares to have this dear old lady with them, for, under her little superstitions, lay a grand soal. One day she counted her years and said — ' I'm getting old.' ' Nonsense, mother,' they laughed at her. ' You are .only a girl of 80.' 'I remember when I was 18, and had roses on my oheeks,' she said. ' I wonder when they will ever bo there again.' One night the children went into her room to be rooked. She sat in the twilight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away, first kissing them ail aroand. She kissed Tommy twioe ; he looked liko his; grandfather vrhose likeness Bhe had worn in a breaBtpin for forty years.' '..- - .. ? ...' '. ' I'm expectin' company,' she said to them. ' Gang your ways, and God's blessing go with ye.' . . ? It was Tommy who jumped up in _the. night from a fearful dream and ran into grandmother's room for oomfort. : She still sat in the window. At l* her figure was theie, but Grandmother Gray had gone away with her company; 