LITERATURE. THREE MONTHS IN THE YO- SEMITE* It is impossible for the reader of the successive works of those two accomplished lady travellers, Miss Bird (now Mrs. Bishop) and Miss Gordon Cumming, not to feel that consciously or unconsciously they are engaged in a keen and active rivalry, or at any rate competition. Their qualifications as travellers and their gifts as writers are so high in both cases, and they have so marked a tendency to go over the same or nearly the same ground, that in reading one it is almost impossible to avoid making comparison with the work of the other. They are, among travellers, the Great Twin Sisters, and their work is as similar as their endowments. Miss Gordon Cumming is somewhat later in the field, but she does not re- cognise Miss Bird's priority as giving her any exclusive territorial claim. The fact that Miss Bird had described the volcanoes of the Sandwich Islands before her did not prevent Miss Gordon Cumming from visiting and describing them again, and pos- sibly the circumstance that Miss Bird had written an interesting account of a journey through the Rocky Mountains may have served as instigation to Miss Gordon Cum- ming to write the present work on the Yo- semite—for this is the form in which she spells and accents the name. And now if we were to make the comparison between the work of the two ladies, which they, or at any rate the later one, seem to challenge, what should we say respecting them ? The two are such competent travellers, they write so charmingly, and they exhibit so fresh a feeling of wonder and sympathy in the presence of the marvels they visit and describe, that it seems almost in- vidious to put one in a position of inferiority to the other. But it seems to us that Miss Bird has lost nothing by the rivalry of her later competitor. We fancy that though both are good travellers, Miss Bird has dis- played the greatest originality of adventure as, for instance, in her wild life in Estes-park, and her residence among the Ainos of the northern islands of Japan, and that, though both are of a romantic disposition, this is more strongly marked in Miss Bird. It is very amusing to notice in this lady the fascination exercised over her mind by an adventurous peril. She has all the fears and timidities of feminine human nature, but instead of giving way to them, she extracts a fearful joy out of them, by placing them in the closest juxtaposition with the objects of their alarm. Her heart flutters and feels faint, but still she presses on, and the cause of her fear exerts on her an attraction rather than a repulsion. And then in her writing we believe that there is visible a deeper glow of enthusiasm, a more brilliant colouring, perhaps a stronger, firmer outline than in that of her rival. But the two ladies are both so meritorious, and we owe to them both such charming pictures of some of the most interesting regions of the earth's surface, that it would be harsh and unfair to weigh them in opposite scales, and insist on viewing them as rivals instead of as fellow-artists. In the present book Miss Gordon Cumming has given us tbe best account of the wonders of the Yo-semite from the picturesque and tourist point of view that we have ever met with. She spent three months in its scenes ot enchantment, and grew to know them familiarly as matters of every-day observa- tion, and in every changing aspect, and what she saw her skilful pen enables her readily and vividly to describe to others. Anyone intending to pay a visit to this wonderful valley could not do better than put Miss Gordon Cumming's book in his travelling bag as a guide to the most interesting and picturesque aspects of the place, and those who have no hope of ever actually seeing it can get no better substitute for actual vision than they can gather from her graphic pages. The chief interest of the book is not reached till the author gets among the big sequoias and redwood forests in the vicinity of the Yo-semite, but even during her stay in San Francisco she picks up some items which help us to realise the character and life of that great city. Thus she has the remark:—" It certainly is strange to see a vast city with such splendid streets and such princely homes, large mansions and pleasant Elizabethan villas—all apparently of beauti- ful white stone—and then learn that it is all wooden, and that the stone-like appearance is produced by a sprinkling of fine sand over whitish paint. This is not because there is any lack of stone for building purposes, but because the occasional slight earthquake shocks are a continual reminder that some day a great upheaval may come and swallow up—or, at least, severely shake—the huge young city." And then she goes on to explain the peculiar precautions taken in the con- struction of large buildings to brace them together by bands of wrought iron and bolts so as to resist the disrupting effect of a shock. She also graphically details the automatic means adopted at the fire stations for securing the prompt turning out of the fire brigades on an alarm of fire being con- veyed by the system of electric signalling which is in force. She says:— "At every station the engines, which are worked by steam, are always ready—fires kindled, water boiling—and the splendid horses stand ready harnessed in thelr stalls, the weight of the collar being supported by a rope attached to the ceiling. The electric stroke which sounds the alarm works a mechanism which drops the collars, detaches the halters, and brings down a stroke of a light whip—a signal which causes each well- trained horse instantly to spring to his ap- pointed place to right or left of the pole. An instanteneous, movement simultaneously attaches the pole-chains to the collar, fastens the reins, and slips the bit, while the other portions of the harness are similarly fastened to the engine. While this is going on downstairs, the beds in the dormitories [* Granite Crags, by C.F. Gordon Cumming. William Blackwood and Sons. 1884, ] overhead are jerked up so as to turn out the sleepers, who are literally thrown into their fire-dress, with boots attached. Up flashes the gas, and the doors are thrown open—all. by the same electric current. Straight stairs lead from the dormitories to the engine- room, but even to rush down these would lose a second, so slides are fixed parallel with each, and down these the firemen glide." But, as we said, it is only when Miss Gordon Cumming, when coaching to the Yo- semite entered the true forest belt that she began to gain a sense of the de- lights in store for her. She at once be- comes enthusiastic over "the loveliness of those pines and cedars, living or dead! For the dead trees are draped with the most exquisite golden-green lichen, which hangs in festoons many yards in length, and is unlike any other moss or lichen I ever saw. I can compare it to nothing but gleams of sunshine in the dark forest." When she arrives at the famous big trees she is very much impressed by their size and grandeur. "They are wonderful—they are stupendous ! But as to beauty—no. They shall never tempt me to swerve from my allegance to my true tree-love—the glorious Deodara forests of the Himalayas." But still she admits that " these forests of the Sierras have a charm of their own, which cannot be surpassed, in the amazing variety of beautiful pines, firs, and cedars of which they are composed." She gives the usual familiar details about the size of some of the largest sequoias, and conjectures as to their age, which led her to the conclusion" that these groves are pre-Adamite"—a remark which oddly combines reminiscences of early Presbyterian training with the inferences of present-day science. The coach proceeded on through a snow-storm, the effect of which is well described in the following passage:— " Suddenly the clouds cleared off, revealing a heaven more intensely azure than I have ever seen even in the tropics. And then a flood of golden sunlight was outpoured on the beauti- ful dazzling earth, and the glory of the forest was beyond all description. Each stately pine seemed transformed to a pyramid of glistening alabaster, with strata of malachite, as we caught glimpses ot the dark-green undersides of the graceful, sweep- ing boughs, weighed down beneath their burden ot myriad snow-flakes. On every side of us, in the low- lying forest, or the hanging wood that clothed the steep mountain-side, rose ten thousand times ten thousand tall white spires, and minarets, and pinnacles as in some idealised Oriental city (but as- suredly no marble ever gleamed so purely not even the dreamlike tombs of Agra). On every grassy reed, each hazel twig and man- zanita bush, the light flakes lay in fairy-like crystals—even the silken webs of the busy spiders had caught their share, and now sparkled like jewels in the sunlight. And every great rock-boulder was snow-capped, and each stern, rugged crag was softened by a powder-like dusting, lightly sprinkled wherever a crevice or a furrow gave it a chance of resting; and far above all uprose the eternal hills, robed in spotless white, pure and dazzling." The first day spent by our author in the Yo-semite valley, with its wondrous walls of gleaming granite 3,000ft high, and the stupendous waterfalls flashing down them, showed her the futility of the information given to her in San Francisco that she could " do the valley in two days, but that three would be ample." She saw at once that weeks would be profitably spent inspect- ing its wonders, and she at once aban- doned a journey she had arranged to take on a given date to Honolulu. Her first glimpse of the valley from the height above disclosed it "lying about 3,000ft below us, an abrupt chasm in the great rolling expanse of billowy granite ridges—or I should rather describe it as a vast sunken pit, with per- pendicular walls, and carpeted with a level meadow, through which flows a river gleaming like quicksilver. Here and there a vertical cloud of spray on the face of the huge crags told where some snow-fed stream from the upper levels had found its way to the brink of the chasm—a perpendicular fall of 2,000 to 3,000 feet" She passed the stupendous square- cut granite mass project- ing as one of the sides of the huge portal of the valley. This is known as El Capitan. It is a massive face of smooth cream- coloured granite half a mile long, half a mile wide, three-fifths of a mile high. "Its actual height is 3,300 feet. Think of our beautiful Castle Rock in Edinburgh, with its 434 feet; or Dover Castle, 469 feet; or even Arthur's Seat, 822feet—what pigmies they would seem could some wizard transport them to the base of this grand crag, on whose surface not a blade of grass, not a fern or lichen, finds holding ground, or presumes to tinge the bare, clean-cat precipice." Further up the valley she came to two gigantic domes of white granite, which stand on the foundation of the great encompassing wall. "One stands on each side of the valley. The North Dome is perfect, like the roof of some vast mosque; but the South, or Half Dome, is an extraordinary freak of nature, very puzzling to geolo- gists, as literally half of a stupendous mass of granite has disappeared, leaving no trace of its existence, save a sheer pre- cipitous rock face, considerably over 4,000ft. in height, from which the corresponding half has evidently broken off, and slipped down into some fearful chasm, which apparently it has been the means of filling up." This wonderful rock evidently fascinated the imagination of our author, as she often recurs to it in terms of admiration and astonishment. Its actual height is 4,737 feet, or nearly a mile. A resident of the valley, a Scotchman named Anderson, was the first man who ever scaled it from the bottom, the front, of course, being hopelessly unassailable. He climbed along dizzy ledges till he came to a point where it was absolutely impossible to find further foothold, and then deliberately undertook the work of drilling holes in the smooth, hard granite, into which he inserted successive iron ring bolts, through which he passed a strong rope, and in this way drove in bolts and se- cured the rope up the granite slope, a distance of 1,100 feet. "Then rounding the mighty shoulder, he stood triumphant on the summit, and there, to his amazement, he found a level space of about eleven acres, where not only grasses had spread a green carpet, but even gnarled and stunted old pines, of three dif- ferent kinds, have contrived to take root" Anderson tried to induce our author to risk her neck by ascending the sheer rock by means of his rope, but she declined the in- vitation for reasons of her own, among which the decayed condition of the rope and its supports were not the least influential. We cannot quote any of the enthusiastic description of the chief wonder of the wondrous valley, the great Yo-semite Falls, from which it takes its name, and which have a total height of 2,700ft taken in three leaps. These falls Miss Gordon Cumming inspected from the top and from the foot, and never ceased to find fresh causes for admira- tion of their beauty and grandeur. She found it a great addition to tbe attractions of her "own cosy little room" at the hotel, that while sitting in it she could "look right down into the clear peace- ful river Merced, which here glides along almost imperceptibly, while an upward glance, through a frame of pines and most fragrant poplars, reveals the exquisite Yo- semite Falls, whose waters join the Merced a little below this reach. So at all times and seasons I can watch this most fascinating of 'grizzly bears' (such is the meaning of its name)--the ghost of a bear surely, for it is often an ethereal floating thing. In strong gales the wind carries the whole body of water high in air like a snowstorm, or a white dust storm, and sprinkles the moun- tain summits, and, at all times, the spray flies like clouds of glittering dust, as if the granite walls were powdered by constant friction." But this great fall is not the highest in the valley, this distinction being reserved for the Ribbon Fall, in which a narrow stream descends from a height of 3,300ft. During her stay in this valley of marvels our author explored every object of interest and visited every point whence old familiar objects could be seen from a new and striking aspect. She describes the delight of camping out in that delightful climate, amid such scenes of the beauty and majestic grandeur of nature, and gives pleasant sketches of the travellers who flock to it from all parts of the world, and of the parties that go there from various parts of the States to spend a holi- day in summer camps. At last the time comes when she must go, and she deeply felt the difficulty of "uprooting" herself from scenes which she had grown so much to love, and where each mighty crag had be- come an individual friend. Her "human friends" urged her to stay and see the valley in the fail, when autumn tints give new colours to the view, but she had already seen many changes, and had watched the waterfalls, which in May and June were mighty cataracts, dwindle in July to silvery ribbons. So she made her last expedition from the valley to a high point in the wild desolate country around, and afterwards left by the coach, when she writes, " Never had the valley looked more lovely than when, after many hearty farewells, I took my seat, as sole passenger, on the top of the Oak Flat coach, and drove away in the early dawn; never had El Capitan appeared so stupendous as when, after skirting its base, the coach toiled up the steep road through the hanging oak forest, and I looked back for the last time to the beautiful, majestic crags, and the green valley which has been my home for three such happy months." Miss Gordon Cumming has a good deal yet to tell us of her further travels on the Pacific Slope, but the interest of the book diminishes when we leave the great valley. Indeed, throughout, the author seems to be conscious of a certain paucity of material, and fills her pages with a good deal that the most lenient reader can only regard aa padding, such for instance as an amusing treatise she gives on American funeral fashions, narratives of the Modoc Indian war, and of onslaughts of the braves of the plains on the working parties of the overland railway, accounts of the divorce laws of the different states, de- scriptions from secondhand sources of the canons of the Colorado, and the National park at the Yellowstone. But in the part which gave occasion to the book, that dealing with the "Granite Crags" and the marvel- lous falls of the Yo-semite Valley, Miss Gor- don Cumming retains the interest of the reader without a break and without dragging in the least degree, and will to most of her readers give a much better idea of its wonders than they possessed before. 