Mrs. Grundy's Gossip. XXI. Mr. EDITOE,—I ventured down to to the other day for the expreea potpose of bearding you in yoar dingy dea; or, as you, perliaps, would grandiloquently term it, your taiicMn, which I suppose comprises an apartment about the size of a first-class sentry-box, olnborately furnished with a handsome deal table end a substantial wooden-seated chair. [Oar "den" . is also supplied with a self-acting ejecter.] . I jf did not carry out my intention to the full for,, reasons at present best known to tpysdf. Perhaps it was as well for you that I did 'not fulfil my purpose, for the objaot of my visit was to " placlc a crow " with you respecting the free use your scissott and pen have made from time to time with my contributions, and, the plucking business would probably have ended in me plucking some of the capillary substance—[Lost it years ago in a row with the old woman]—that TegetateB Upon the exterior of your intellectual cranium. However, yon and your staff need not be surprised if some fine afternoon a stout, elderly female • wearing a determined expre-sion of countenance and a black bombazine dress and a coal-scuttle bonnet (not forgetting s aerricabte umbrella) should be heard enquiring—" Is the .editor My goodness, me, what an alteration has taken place at "the corner" since I was last "down totro." ItsVu&r; of shopa t£an ever it was. Of course I was not much interested in Mr. Marsden's elaborate display of " horeey " materials; but as that gentleman has telephonic connection with his north-end shop I felt a strong inclination to enter and ask.for a practical illustration of the working of this wonderful invention. However " certain considerations " so weighed with me that I suppressed my desire and passed on to the text shop/ Here another surprise was in store for me. It was not created altogether by the marvellous display of horological instruments a#d cunningly wrought gold and silver jewellery. I want to know why the possessor of such " untold wealth " should find it necessary to keep a shop at all. Were I the fortunate owner of Mr. Richardson's stock-in-trade I would sell it all off at once, purchase an ancestral estate somewhere out in farmer Weblow's neighbonrhood, and live snugly retired for the remainder Of my days. Of course I did not fail to visit " the lollie shop," kept by those misnamed persons the Plater Brothers. If the first on the list of vowels were placed between the two first consonants in their names you would at once observed* consonant the name would be with their occupation, for a more palat(er)able display of enticing wares Fve not set optics on for some considerable time. So enticing, indeed, that it is a moral impossibility for man, woman, child or Chinaman to pass the window without shivering to atoms one of the most stringepot of the ten commandments, which forbids us to covet our neighbour's goods. [I hope, the clergy will make a note of this.] And, whilst admiring my " counterfeit presentment" in the massive mirrors which adorn the shop fronts, I thought of the words of the deformed King fiichard IIL :— Shine out lair sun and be to me a glass, That I may view mj shadtm as I pass. If that crafty monarch lived in these days I, think he'd often be seen admiring bis ungainly figure in the glasses " at the comer." And, if it is true, as some assert, that spirits of the departed sometimes revisit " these earthly scenes," then, in all probability, King Richard's ghost haunts " the corner" at the hour when churchyards yawn and graves give forth their dead. • • ' • • * Oar nert door neighbour has a most precocious magpie, whose f of gossip i repeating' tunate peculiarity will get him into trouble some day, when some irate individual about -whom he has been telling too much of truth waits upon him with a serviceable guib sapling. This talkative "feathered biped" informs me that my friends at the railwaystation wore so much exercised over my remarks concerning '' the littlf presents from their friends in the country" that they contemplated doi ng some desperate deed to mark their hpnest displeasure. However, Time, the universal pain-killer, has since soothed their angry feelings, and they are now able to go about their ways as of yore. • • • The signal defeat of the combined team of footballers hy the Kew Ztalahd visitors proclaims something " rotten in the state of Dentflark." There are people who assert that the- Parramatta Football Club (of which the representative team was largely composed) have sacrificed scientific play for strength and brutality. So much so, indeed, that they have not only deteriorated in > play but are held in. such contempt by other clubs as to find some difficulty in forming engagements. To remedy this state of things at once is the best advice I can give them, and if they were to cutout those excellent instructions concerning the play of football which you published in a recent issue, and-study them carefully, they . may prove conducive to an improvement in' their future proceedings. " Brutality " is a strong and expressive tertn, truly. Now, Hughfiy. just give this little par. your undivided attention. Vou have, perhaps,, observed that Mr. Herbert Coatea' contract for the erection of those massive and substantial looking piers for the support of the new Iron railway bridges is rapidly, approaching (Completion. When that work is au fail accompli, as they say' in the classics, I want you to nss y°or influence with the railway authorities to have that dilapidated old fencing which bounda Aigjri&rgtreet; removed, and a neat and inexive paiing fence erected in its place. Behind this fence I want to see a row of trees planted to extend from Church-street to Pitt Row. I do not desire to have imported ornamental trees; I would be quite content with the golden wattle or some, other indigenous specimen of vegetation that can be easily , and. cheaply procured. And don't you forget it. ^ . What a thrill of pleasure pervades the prophetic breast whenthe foreteller of things to come finds his r — • —- --—J— 1 — cenlly joined the TJnion'Fobtfoll Club. Well,, 1 he played his maiden match on Saturday last agamst the Bedmypeg (who" were defeated easily) andperformol "prodigies" of valonr.. Whilst in. a«inn lis was the " observed of all and w^re h^ only aware of the : approving eyes that noted Us every movement, tack knowledge should w&ly; spur him on to erea greater efforts. 1 • v ' • • • "• I desire to place on record the fact that that. portion of tArg^te-street, between: Chnrdh"and. Marsden streets, is, in wet weather, an almost impassable quagmire. The sorfaoe water from the .surrounding premises collects in this, thoroughfare and remains safficieiitiy long to become- almost putrid. X only wonder Thai some kind of miasmatic fever has not laid low • some of the residents of this benighted neighboorhood. The alarming pooitnliiy of snch a contingency should be sufficient to. cause tnevorougb Council to have " something done" at once.. What are the representatives. of Maraden Ward thinking ahout P •m •* m Hitherto mv contributions have heen confined to purely local subjects. I now crave a slight divergence to draw yonr attention to the latest phase of "Irish Gratitude.** A short time back the.Eedmond Brother* were travelling triumphantly through the colonies, bong feasted and flattered wherever they went. They succeededin collecting somewhere about £10,000 towards the Irish National fanda. Iji return -for our generosity thtjy ate going to blow up «arj>nMic bofldingB with dynamite. It would he interesting, to know the quota of "H'fl sontrihhBnns that has been in thepurchase of expbnvEs. In my nest communication I may vary the monopoly hy relating a thrilling ghost story that will cause your readers' * hair to gtand on end like quills upon the fretfol porcupine, and their blood to fretw with hocrar in their — - 