FKEETHOSJGHT GAMPASSN. The first of a series of freethought lectures was delivered at the Albert Hall on Friday evening by Mr. J. Symes. There was a fairly large attendance. The Hon. B. T, Finetss presided, and, in introducing the lecturer said that the first lecture to be delivered was entitled " My path from the Weslcyan pulpit to the Secularist platform." Freethought was as necessary to liberty as a free press, and ho therefore gladly welcomed the lecturer on behalf of the free thinkers resident in Adelaide, and indeed on behalf of the community generally. Mr. Sy mes commenced his lecture by stating that he had been brought up by Methodist parents as puritanical and as rigidly orthodox as the generality of Methodists in those day3 were. He was sure, however, that since those days Methodists had widened their platform considerably, and if be wero to go back to their ranks now he would expect to find that they had rather come over to his way of thinking than that he had gone back to theirs. He had like most young people accopted his parents religion' without ques> lion for some time, and in his seventeenth year had experienced the usuai satisfactory conversion. This induced in his mind a very happy feeling, which he then in common with Methodists generally attributed to the work of the Holy Ghost—to something supernatural in fact. He had since found out that there bad been nothing supernatural in it after all, but that it was quite as natural as anything else in the world—a3 natural, in short, as eating one's dinner. After devoting a few minutes to a dsscussion of what the lecturer called bi3 philosophy of conversion, he went on to detail his expe riences as a Sunday- school teacher, a local preacher, and a general church worker. In referring to the first sermon preached by him self, in response to the sudden request of the local minister, the lecturer humorously illus trated the sense of timidity and shame facedness which possessed him for the next few days, by asking whether anyone remem bered how they felt after their bann3 had been published. After detailing his various scenes of labor as a Wesleyan preacher from the period when he studied in the college at llicbmond, Surrey, to the time when he finally broke away from the traditions of his church, he stated that he owed his present bread views on the subject of religion to the fact that ho had studied tho Bible pure and simple, and without note or comment cf any kind, He remembered a discussion at college which had a serious impression on him. It referred to the cause of death. What staggered him was, that it death came into the world through Adam's sin alone, how was it that the animals died without having committed any such sin; and, if geologists wero to bo believed, long before Adam was born 1 This showed them that s [death might have been owing to natural causes after all. This was the fir3t shock ho received to his theological belief, and it led him to ponder the question deeply. His nest shock was with regard to the doctrine of Trinity in Unity, He was challenged to meet some opponents on this question, but on searching the New Testament through he found that there was not tho slightest ground for it in that hook. It was not often that he spoke in favor of the New Testament, but he was bound to say that the rubbish of three in one was in no way countenanced by that book. Ho consequently was unable to meet bis opponents, and he shelved tho question till some future time, whon he expected to under stand it better. A great many of these ques tions turned up one after the other, which he referred to the Bible for solution, and ulti mately had to shelve—as ho had shelved the others—till he could fiad some solution for them. But- this he never did find, and the more he pondered over these theological prob lems the weaker grew his faith, since tho foundations on which it was based fell from under him. He contended that the Protestant sects claimed infallibility equally with the Pops, each having a creed apart from the Bible, whose place it usurped. Some people denied this, but supposing Spur geon wanted to iurn a Wcsleyan preacher did they tbink the Wesleyans would accept him unless he swallowed Wesley's sermons and tho Conference catechism, in addition to the Word of God 1 A Wesley an who wanted to turn Baptist would experience the same treatment, since before being ac cepted he would have to cross Spurgeou's "little pool" and be baptised instead of only sprinkled, for a belief in the Bible was not enough of itself to procure a would-ba dis ciple admittance into the church. He com sidcrrd this was an insult to the Scriptures. His belief in Providence was very much staggered in those early days by a ilipaant sermon once preached by a local minister, in which he attributed the disasters to the French arms at Sedan to the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, as if the Frenchmen of to day were to be punished for the aina of their fathers, committed so many years ago. When he considered the question more fully he came lo the conclusion that if there was a Divine Providence it would never do him any good, and he could get on very well without it. Why, even the frightful droughts in these colonies might be easily averted if this Divine Providence would only put some of the rain to better use which was daily being wasted on the sea. He believed that Divine Providence was a thing no rational people would have anything to do with in time to come. About the same time he broke with Divine Provi dence he also threw over the current doctrines about hell fire, &c.; Preachers now said this fire was only a painted one, not a real fire, and ministers even turned round now and tried to make out they never believed in a literal fire, but if it wasn't a literal fire it was no fire at all. 'The fact wag, the fire in the Christian engine had gone out, and it was only the ilywheel of popular superstition which kept it goiDg as fast as it was going now. After he bad lost his faith in the Christian doctrines he left off preaching, because he would never preach a doctrine ho did not believe in. That was twelve years ago, and it was from a feeling of duty that bo had mounted the secularist platform, believing as he did that men were more liable to become moral, upright, and worthy mem bers of society by adopting secularist princi pies than by struggling to reconcile their consciences to doctrines in which they could no longer believe. It would be hi3 endeavor through life so to act that the world would not be tho worse, but rathor the better for his haviDg lived in it, (Applause), A slight discussion followed the conclusion of the lecture, the proceedings being brought to a close by the usual votes of thanks. 