Bovellet. AFTER MANY DAYS. fij R. P. WHITWORTH. . pHAPTER Y. IEM&: T; * ' ' (ooHinrtED.) few days mora and wo wore speeding TNtoim tlw (hallow waters of Port Chalmers, ' .- J Yor Melbonrne; and ye' again # 'ew Anflwe were tossing on the rolling seas iVCtwuts, steaming as last as the mail *"ili bear us for the shores of England. we been abBent, and during that 'what ehtmees might not have occurred 7 iniielf. except that my father was, a* I learotfrom his letters, failing, none Hiwtfttppenea that mattered muoh. dtioHaokf What It Beatrix Walton had hlin? What ii she bad mamed? bdt Jbbfl were'dead? 8acUlbioga> all of haShapppncd, were happening contiou And Jack, although he said nothing y # tacit understanding, we had come apeak on the subject-grew moody job as the days wont by. The orieu 'SBelei gplendor and tawdnness of 'ioni tho wide-stretebing deserts of the ancient monuments of Egypt; b streets of Tenico; the faded mog of Psdu&i; Terons, Milan, Turin, ana bid Italian dties; that wonderful piece " siteg between Modane and lm Praz; 0ems tunnel; too gaieties of Paris; jh eaoh and all were matters of Bur and delight to mc, for I had now* seen Hefore, 'to him had no charm. He " hroagh them and by thom without '(.almost without uoticc. His only liia only wish, was to bo moving ever onward. to) in London, I to etay a day or come tiends before going home, he Jiis, it might be, lost, still anforgotten, ,t O&stleoomBT.; .... , i.'poor Juki He heard all too eoon, at " er's house, the s»d story. It was an tki. The undent theWaltons had . been brought low. Tho wealth of \- . , . ,, , it pnrteprooS man who had driven aim ^?i!"Mtoto eritehaa vanished like the morning mist r'f«'fPjefcw» theaon. Mr. Walton had speculated foreign bonds, tin, copper, what tad loBt. Then, with the mercan '£'4b$w JttWnbler'B mad infatuation, bo had risked W>£,iyJ uiofo and more, had risked bis ali, in short; v^ Silid tod tiienfrom an untasted breakfast one 'm?* inorting, haggard, ghastly, and bowed, find ,4Jir him Pelf a ruined man. The blow had afejTs7 illled him; and, even while the poor corpse m0' 'mts being borne to its last resting plaoe, in lifeV'tha, old cemetery at Castlocomer, the or their representatives were A':*!-;., tiling an inventory at Walton Court. Walton, pale and broken-hearted, ^»had remained in tho house with her young ' toother nntil the day of tho funeral, when '0!fljahad been taken away by a gMitleman,* ;x'-|teT«tiM it was supposed, who bad suddenly Mlne Over from England, mid who had then Sr?*r'3«a enddetjy disappeared. That way all that 3»ek 'could learn. She whom he had come \ io macy tbousan(]» miles to find, had gono, -no oufi icnew whither, had disappeared as flfleelnally as if the sea had swallowed her £ UD. . , . jfeJ V.t' - Poor Jack. It was a cruel blow for him, Ivi.-V indBU &emore; cruel from the uncertainty. ? ? ' Had she been dead, nay, had she been even i.'- - married, he might have, after a time, found "i?" ' ' ' eolaoe from Timo, tho great healer; but the > ; absolute ignorance of any clue by whioh the v. f oklnlul BUBpense might be ended, was more S5' k '* Siaho could hear. He became moody and l<,. discontented, and spent his days in wandering : ' * aimleuly about, especially along the bank 011 Jhetfore to the spotwherehe bad fast seen /.; . tor, a spot now held sacred in bis eyes. >vi Certainly he enquired at Tom Byan b, the | ~ v:;- Oastleoomer Hotel, regarding thiB stranger ;/ who had borne away his Beatrix in sueh a -mysterious manner, and by means of snnary shillings slipped into the hands of Jerry the | ? froom and pretty Nelly Booney the bouse maid, extraoted the information ihat the oeotlemail's name was, as it was thought,, * : Thompson or Johnson, that he did not loolt | , muoh lite\" Wan of the rale quality itself, \ ?i. that, so far 'as could be remembered, he came v Irom Oarlow by tho coach on the day of the " * loneral, and went baok next day, taking with \- bin, Him Walton and Master Maurioo, "and L~she, poor dear young lady, as white and V ". whisht as a ghost, crying for her dead father, and maybe for somebody alee in furrin parte, "1 v * who ought to have been there to comfort her, v ' ,J,ut wasn't." This last from Nelly Rooney, bT which it will be seen that Nelly had, as '?sir .' they my, eyes in her hood, and was able to " Me, as far through a millstone ae other P°3e^fent to Carlow, and by dint;of enquiry fend a further expenditure of shillings, found : . out from ono of tho stable boys who came from Castlecoincr, and who knew Miss . Walton by sight, that tho party ho was asking . after bad eome by the coach, stopped lor ? dinner at the Feathers Inn, and gono on, presumably for Dublin. To Dublin he followed, and tbcro, by w ay ' livintf the clorlis at the variouB Bhipping otfices, and by the process of what is kuown '. in Australia as " shouting" freely, ho induced them to look baok their paBsonger tioket . jifcteolu to the date ho gave, ond dluaoverad ? 3* (bat a lift. Thompson and a Miss and Master '? Wjton bad sailed on suoh and euoh a day, jar""' to the ateamship Emerald, for Holyhead. W Ban the trail stopped, the traok was lo«t. ' ' Bfl*!*1"* 'wimnfc nowhere, or rtther it meant . ^where,forU^Mibat ^e parting poi»t to [lie notwork ot railways that ramified England- - oast, west, north, and south. But ' lie went to Holyhead nevertheless, and then be vent to where everybody goes, to London, calling on no at tlio quiet rectory in OheKliire, to aid him in his searoh. Poor fellow, my heart bled to see his careworn face, and I could refuse him nothing. But our quest was futile. In vain we advertised in the agony columns of the London and many of the provincial papers. In vain we offered rewards for information. In vain we subsidised Scot land Yard. Nothing came of it, until the "hope deferred that maketh the heart sick " was at length worn out, nnd wo both, tired of a life of inaction, weary of London and of England, turned our faces once more toward the blue skies and swelling plains of the great Southern land, so long our home. And thus came it that in tho train which was rapidly carrying ub from Sydney to Mel bourne, did Jack say to me, as related at the commencement of this story, "I wonder whether we shall meet any of our old mates of the Bhotover?" Aud now eamc about another of those turns in fortune's wheel so inexplicable and so un looked for. " Nothing happens bat the im probable," says some philosopher, and of all incidents in this strange eventful history, none so strange as this. Seated in the samo compartment of the carriage, and nearly opposite me, was an elderly man, intent on reading a newspaper. I lied taken no particular notice of him up to then, boyoqd a few passing words, but I ob served that as Jaok and I conversed, he looked over the top of his paper, and sorntinised us narrowly. " I think," he said at last, " I heard you mention the Shotover, sir." " Tee," I replied, " wo were speaking of the plaoe." " The Shotover in New Zealand, I presume you mean ? " " The same, sir." "Alt," he said, "its curious, I was there once, myself." " Indeed I so were we." "Ah! I don't seem to reeolleot you, and yet, maybe you might have heard of me. Bill the packer they used to call me. I was packing from Queeoatown to the Shot, and the Arrow for many a year." We have neard of him byrepute, but as of one of the old hands who nai left before our time. Our conservation soon drifted away from the familiar subject ol mining, and the men we had mutually known on the various diggings, to general topics. He had been home ne told as, on a matter of business, but had returned some two years before, and had taken np his residonoe in Melbourne, where, with the money he had accumulated by his luorative calling of a packer in New Zealand, he had established himself in business. Jaok did not take any part in the conver sation. He seemed as was frequently is wont to be buried in reverie, and I was too well ac customed to his moods to attempt to disturb him. Uy new friend remarked as much in an undertone. " Yes," I replied in the Bame key, " poor Jack he has had a sad disappointment, a bitter grief in the old country, and has not yet re covered from the effect of it." " Jaok," said my companion, " in that his name? " " Yes, Jack tome, doar old Jack Butler,the best fellon ." " Butler 1 Butler I I surely know that name. Let me think. Why God bless my soul," -whispered the stranger excitedly," it oannot surely be possible. Tell me, does yeur friend oome from Ireland ? " " He docs. He is one ol the Butlers of Kil kenny." The man stared at mo, and then at Jack as if, in sheer amaze, he could scarcely believe the evidence of his senses; " are you sure ? " ho whispered at last," Jaok or rather John Bntler, youngest son of Beginald Butler cf the Elms near Oostlecomer ? " " The samo, I am hie cousin, and know him to bo." But why ? "I asked, as much sur prised as my questioner. " I'll tell you by and bye," he replied hur riedly; and in fact there was no time for farther converse then, as tho train with a warning shriek was slowing for Albury, and presently glided smoothly np to the station. But my new friend oontrived to get the seat next me on the box of the omnibus, that in those days connected the New South Wales Terminus with the Victorian one at Wodonga, and during the two miles drivo imparted to me something which set my blood surging through my veins, and whioh almost caused me to sing aloud in a very rapture ot delight. "And mind," hesaidatpartingasbe wrung my hand warmly, and pressed into it a card bearing hiB name and address in Molbourne, " The day after to-morrow is Christmas day, you come and dine with me. Say nothing, but bring him with you, and please Sod there shall bo to more tban one heart, atruly happy Christmas. I remain here until to-morrow. Don't forget. The old fashioned mid-day dinner, one sharp." How I ever refrained from bursting into song, how I abstained from flinging my arms round dear old Jaok's nook and telling mm all I had learned at any moment during that long railway ride to Mclbourno and the next two days, I hardly know, but I did, and verily I had my reward. But Christmas Day came, and I must carry out the programme. At first Jaok did not want to go, nut I insisted; nay, made it a personal matter that he should, and he gave way. " But why are you so anxious for mo to dine with this person?" he asked diffidently. " Ah I Jack, dear boy, if you only knew I" "You seem strangely moved, Larry," he said; " have been for the last two days. What is it, old chap." " Good news, old boy; great nows, glorious news. Why, Jaok, pluck up heart of grace, and smile bb you shall smile before this day be done, or I'm a Dutchman. What 1 Jaok Butler going to eat his Christmas dinner with the faoe of a mate at a funeral. Not so; re member the words of your favorite Long fellow, " Bo still, sad heart I nnd coasc repining; Bclilnd the clouds is the sun still shining." lie smiled wearily and said, "True; but not for me, Larry, not for me." To which I returned the vague ambiguity, " We shall seo what we shall see.'' At half-past twelve we started from the White Hart Hotel, where we sojourned, to walk to our friend's house in East Melbourne, and I thought it time to prepare Jack for what to him would, I doubted not, be the most pleasant surprise of his life. " Supposing yoa could have what you wished for on this gracious day, Jaok, what would it be," I asked. " Suppose, suppose, suppose the heavens were to fall. What's the use of supposing 7 " ho said. " WoU, but suppose." " Larry, old friend, I have nothing to wish, nothing to hops for; with me even hope is now doad." " Hope is never dead; hope cannot die. What says the poet 1 ' Hope springs etomal inlhe human breast.'" " Yes," ho replied biltorly, " but finish the couplet, 'Man never is, bat always to be, blest.'" " Exactly-always (o be blest-and you, dear old chappie, shall be blest, and that soonor than you anticipate." He stopped, and lookod me straight in the faoe. " what d* you mean, Larry 7 " he said. There has been eomcthinrc strange about you for the last <Uy or two that I cannot nicke out. What i-i it'!" " Wait and sco," and with that Tor ihe moment ho had to be content. We arrived at the house we were boun'l for as the past office clod: was booming one. Evidently we were expected, for our fiknd opened the door himso.r even aa I rang. " Have you told hiin ?" lie said to me. " Ko," I replied ; " I have left that for you to do, MH. THOMPSON." " Mr. Thompson I " said Jack hoarsely, staggering and turning pale. " Great God I Is it possible that " "Everything is possible. As the angelic choir sang nearly nineteen hundred years ago, FO I say now, " Behold, I bring !/s« tidings of great joy 1" "And she-Bentriz-?" gasped Jack faintly. " Go into that room. Sho is expecting you." " Jack looked at our host liko a man in a dream, but he opened (ho door of the room denoted. A moment, and there was a great ecstatic cry, an Mr. Thompson, closing the door softly, look mo by the arm, and with a suspicious moisture in his eyes, led me awAy, eayinc, " I think we've managed that very nicely, but we are no longer needed here. Come into the dining room and we'll drink their healths. I've had dinner delayed for half an hour, as I thought they might have something to say to each other, and in the meantime I'd liko to havo a crack with you." It is night. I lay down my pen. My story is finished. And, yet hardly so, for even now, another Christmas Day, I have received letters from home, sent up from my office. Some of them I lav aside to read later, but one I open. I know the hand writing, and read. Part of it runs thus: " Walton Court, Castlecomer, Ireland. "DearLany,-' For so Jack insisted on my calling you; this will, as we calculate, reach you in & away Melbourne about Christmas, and I send it wishing you nil the compli ments of the season. We had your last letter in dun course, and were glad to hear that my brother, Maurice, was getting on so wall. As you will see, we are settled in the old house; Uncle Thompson bought it, and insiBted on making it over to me as a wedding portion. We havo just been to the Elms, You will be glad to learn that papa and mamma are well. Ted has at last got his captaincy, and George has a good sp pointment as manager of an iron works at Gefle ill Sweden. Ellen has had another, a girl this time, who i-i to be called after me ; and Kate is to be married next month. He is ono of the Powers (Charles) of Abbeyloix, not far from here, and n n barrister in fair practice. Baby-you Miutv, we havo called him Lawrence-is well and thriving. He is tho loveliest and most wonderful, &c.;, &e.;, &c.;" (Here comes halt a page about the baby, and a few lines about other matters, which I will, if you please, skip). " Jack writes yon by this mail. Oh Larry 1 dear Larry, do you roiucmber that Christmas Day ? I am sure you do. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Is the wish and prayer of tho luppiost woman in Ireland. " BEATRIX BUTLEB." Of course there is a postscript, but the words swim, and the lines seem blurred. I cannot read. I walk softly to tho window and look out. It had been a wet evening, but" the rain had ceased to fall, the sky had cleared, save where the fleecy raok apod across it, and the moon was shining brilliantly in the heavens," just as it did on that eventful Christmas night on the shoutdor of the IVdkatipu range in 1870, when I painted it out to Jack as an omen of good fortune, the g<iod fortune that came indeed " After many days." Tm: E.VII. 