Tlie New York Courts. (N. Y. Herald.) ' So you are the man who made things so lively around here on Monday,' said Justice Welde when John Ellis was brought into the Harlem Police Court yesterday. ' Did I make 'em lively,' asked the prisoner in a melancholy voice as he Eulled together the component parts of is diminutive body and stared at the rtp.n in the clerk's hand. ' Did you ?' echoed the Justice iras cibly ; ' what did you mean by getting blood all over your checked shirt and then sitting ou a scow in the Harlem River, at the foot of Madison avenue, aud telling a crowd of people that you had murdered your wife and bad given her body to a bulldog to eat, aud was glad of it?' 'I didn't mean anything, except what I told 'em,' said Ellis, in a discouraged sort of way, ' aud now it turns out that it wasn't true. My wife's an awful hard woman to kill. Your Honor.' ' It's no credit ter you that I am, you eangiuary reperbate !' said stout Mi's. Ellis as she strode up to the Justice's desk flourishing au axe handle. ' This is the impermeut he tried to murder me wid, ana only for his beiu' sich a poor wake cratur ne'd a done it too,' and she laid the axe handle down ou the desk so near to the Justice's nose that he started nervously and looked at the door. 'John,' said His Honor, after he had given the axe handle into the charge of two policemen, 'your conduct is very reprehensible. Not only did you try to break your wife's bead with that bludgeon, but you gave the policeman a very hard chase down the Harlem River before they could catch you, which was very, very wrong. So I'm going to commit you for trial for assault and battery.' ' It 'ud be all the same to me, Judge,' said Ellis, disconsolately, 'if you huug me dead, for my wife's a very tough 'un, aud I've guv up try in' to get rid of her in this world.' A tall thin woman with very long hands rushed into the Harlem Police Court Saturday. 'She's comin', Judge — she's here, Judge— now's your chance — now, siud her up for a year,' she said in a deep bass voice as she waved both hands at a short stout woman with a red face who at that moment hobbled in from the side room with a policeman on either side of her. ' Mrs. Maguire, you are charged with kickiugMrs. Flynn's door down yester day morning,' said the Justice interro gatively. it all in bits ; and the look a brand new i one as cost thirty-seven cents a week ago,' said the talf woman as she waved a bony finger under Mrs. Maguire's classic nose. ' An' how could I be doing that?' asked the prisoner, growing redder iu the face, ' whin there's the gout in me left foot since last winter so bad I could n't walk, au' the fiatirou mashin' me right one two years ago come next month so as uo oue ever saw the likes of me toes? It's all a conspiracy against me good name.' Seven Maguires, who had filed into the court-room during the last few moments, now rose and offered thamselves as wit nesses mat Uleil Kinswoman, jjh=. Maguire was crippled iu the feet, and could never hear a shoe on thom much less kick down a door, but six friends of Mrs. Flynn appeared and swore that the door had been kicked down by the pri soner. Mrs Maguire's feet were cxrmined, aud the committee outhatlady's anatomy reported them found to be as she de scribed—swollen and almostuseless. The Justice looked puzzled, the prisoner tri umpbaut, aud the complainant defiant. ' Come now, Mrs Maguire,' said the Justice at last, 'tell us what you kuow about it— how did the door come to be all in pieces?' 'That's the first sensible questiou you've asked this mornin', Judge,' said the prisoner, uoddiug her head emphati cally. 'I nivir said I didn't break in her door, but I did it wid a flatiron, aud not wid me fut ; that no one of me family wud be so unmannerly as to use in sucli a unladylike way, as all the Maguires '11 tell ye ; it's nothiu but a darruck conspi racy to ruin me good name by the likes of—' Just theu the Judge put her under $100 bail to keep the peace for three months, and she was led away surrounded by an admiring crowd of Maguires, aud their congratulatious upon lier successful de fence of the family 's good name. There was warfare in the Brooklyn Memorial Baptist Church (colored) last Sunday, and Brothers Roberts and John son, with a large aud piebald constitu ency, came to tell Justice Walsh about it ou Friday. Several of the brethren and sisters claimed the floor, but Brother Toluiaon ant tile (Mill alld snoke to this purpose : — ' Yo' 'Onah, Ise no no chile ob wrath. On'y a plain, peaceful pussou who tries to take ca' ob liisself. But wheu I see de Lawd's house took possession by a vipah with a wite chokau collah and a black suit, my angry passious am roused, an' I objecs to de profanation.' It was here insinuated that Brother Johuson was waxing personal and unpar liamentary. 'Well, jess holeonan I'll put itstraight. I went to de Lawd's house, and who does I see in de pulpit talkin' away but Brud der Cbawles Geddes Roberts. At dat I goes to Brudder Bacon, aud I says 'wot rite's Brudder Chawless Geddes Roberts in dis yar temple?' and Brudder Bacon he replies ' gwuffam heah, oleman, you's sick !' Den he rises a chaiah and he 'saults me, so he does.' Brother Johnson made way for Sister Louisa Fields, who seemed sad and excited ' Fo' de Lawd, Jedge, Yo' 'Onah, Ise tellin' the trufe,' said Sister Fields, ' we'n I say dat I did see wid dose eyes Brudder Bacon lay a hold ob Brudder Johnson and gib him a rap on de hed aud udderwise try to do him up, as the good brudder has sed.' Theu forth came Brother Roberts, aud said he ' I spoke to de breddern ob de Lawd und His ways, and dey was a harkinin' to me when one entered whom I saw was a vial ob wrath, and he came up unto Brudder Bacon and dey spake togedder. And behold !De vial ob wrath, smote Brudder Bacon wid his fists along side de gob, and he moreover did rend his gabments, includin' his coat and waiscoat. Den I riz my. voice and called to dem, cryin' out, 'Respec' de house ob de Lawd !' And den edy scooted down de aisle.' Said Brother Bacon :— ' De pints ob de row am dese. I was a sittin' and a listinin' to de Wud wen Sister Jackson waltzes up and tells me gib up my chaiah. Jedge, I knows -woman's rites, and you bet yo' spondules I knows my own. So I jes keeps mum aud sits whar I is. Den in comes Brudder Johnson and begins ter pound me. So I lites out ob church aud I fists him for all t'sewuflf. Dems the faces.' | Brother Johnson was deemed the aggressor and fined $10. To Clean and X'eeskbve Silver - Electuo-Plate, &c.;— Oakey's (London) HoN- SiEitcuRiAL Silversmith's Soap is guaranteed to be free from mercniy or ..any ? injnrions ingredients too often used in iba Mmafactare of plate powder, and is'sold in pickets by storekeepers generally. — [ADVT.l Towle's Pennyroyal and Steel Pil.'s for fa milts quickly correct all irregularities, and relievo the distrcsMug ^vmptoraa si prevalent with ihe sex. Roses '2s. 9 1. nff all Chemists 1\ cpircd only by K. X. Towle, Chemist, Not tintibiim, England. Agents for Brisbane— 'VrUey ncd Taylor, Wholesale Dro^gists ; Elliott firjs S: Co., — Wholesale Druggists, Advice to Mothers I — Are yon broken in youi rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and set o bottle of Mrs. Wikslow's Soothing Syrup. It will relive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfce'ly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little shernb awakes 'as bright aB a button.' It Bothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, rclieres wind, regnlates the bowels, and ' i the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other cnuscs. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at la lid. per bottle. A Carp. — T i all who are SLff-»ring from til® eirorsand indiscretions of joutb, nervous we»kj in'rs, r y d-cay, oss of manhood, See., I wil1 B nd a rucipe thntwili curJS'ou, free of charge. This grc: 1 1- mcdy wns discovered by a mission, nry in Snu'li America. Scad a self addressed cdvcIo o flnd sixpence to piepay postage to ti e Rnr. Joseph T. Inman, Station, D., New York City, U.S.A. Woman's Sphere — There are ew men now so benighted as lo bclicvet.liat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : 'To suck Ic fools unit chronicle small beer.' Yc( a womnn is none the ivorse for knowing how to hake bread or make a custard, and in both tluise little aits she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Rorwick & Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated 11 Baking Powder' aud Gold Medal 'Custard Powder.' With the former arliele the most palatable bread, cakes, ai d pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble! whilst, with I lie latter, sho is independent of thff domestic hen, and can make the most delicioui custards, blunc-mnnges, &c.;, at half the ususi tiino. Small Capitalists wisning v Establish a Business should see if there it. An c-oening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in their district, All information and receipts for tho purposo ii making Lemonade, Soda Water, Ac., is given previous knowledge is not necessary. Tbe aum.iDd for these drinkB is sc- much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that the outlay for the machinery in all cases leads to a profi able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be liu*. at tbe office of this paper on lajmentof Is.— Bahnett and Foster. Engi eerfi 2-11). Forston street. London, N. fi HOSTS. — An niter pt is being made in the old coDntry to revive the belief in visitant frcrn another world, and many are the wonders ful stories that fill some of the journals. Tho Bccpticai mind 1b, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I kno'v that yon arc not » bit of undigested bread?' for, of all tho ghost producers, a bit ol ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It iB a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt tbe surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick'a Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in tbe most admiiable fashion, Kvury wise storekeeper has it by him, and verv eood honsewise buvs it. May Good Digestion wait on Appktitb, says Shakespeare, but ' good digestion ' will ocvcr wnii upon bad bread, and it is therefore if the greatest importance! hat in makiDg bread one should uso only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation throngU long use in households throughout the world Foremost amongst these must be rcckoucd ' Borwick's Gold Medal baking Powder,' wbiRb hud stood tho lest in every climate of the world Get it, ubc it, and add your testimony to that of the millions who praise it. 