SNH.IQ.TJrN LICENSING COURT. MONDAY, JULY 14. (Before the Police Magistrate), sak Sparrow applied for. an extension of license E Show ground ou the 23rd, 24.h, and 25th le application was granted. TUESDAY, JULY 15. (Before the Police Magistrate.) hn M^Grath applied for permission to have cand dancing on his licensed premises on tlie of the 23rd inst. The application was M. mes D;vlm applied for permission to have c and dancing on his licensed premises on the of the 24 th inst. The application was 'eddies Devlin applied for an extension of 111s >e to the racecourse on the 22nd and 23rd inst. application.was granted. FKIDAY. JULY 18. (Before Mr A. W.F. Nojes, J.P.) , Collins applied for the issue of a license for premises known as the Bridge Hotel, Denili- Gillott, on beha'.f of the Sons of Temperance, sed the application which was adjourned until uext (this) morning. ICTORIAK DETECTIVES.—It is the intention of : citizens (says the Melbourne correspondent of " livening News") to un>e the Government to MR Howard Vincent (lately chifcf of the jiual Investigation Department of Scotland i), who will arrive in Melbourne shortly from Ion, to take charge of the Victorian detective and remodel it upon the British system. The , .J to induce Mr Vincent to take office for three s, aud establish an efficient detective force— :b is, indeed, required. The Victorian detective . has not at present a soul above petty larceny, rJinary assault and robbery case, or a burglary, •N out of their ordinary groove where they lot bully prisoners, .or bribe "fizgigs," Viciu detectives are nnable to detect crime. The [it robbery of £5000 from the Loudon Chari Bank in Horsham shows that our detectives unable to cope with the machinations of crimiof superior class. Detective Nixon is still in iham. A high official in the force tells me that perfectly we-1 known who the actual thief is. even where the mouey is " planted ; " aud yet Irresta are madel IK G. A SALA.—The Borne News says :— he Antipodes are promised a treat. Sir George uatus Sola is to start next January on a uriDg tour through the Australian colonies. He igned an agreement, it is said, with an entering firm of catsreiB for public amusement, and the arrangements are being made. Mr Sala's ,rse of lcctures will include such various topics tuglish art, politics, and society, ' Cooks and ikery,' and the ' Shows of his Time.' He is I entitled to speak as authoritatively as he will lainly descant amusingly on all these topics. He been an art critic for the last 40 years, and has ch knowledge with a nice discrimination in the iect. NO man knows a good dinner from a bad better than Mr Sala, aud he has all the steries of the culinary art at hiB fingers' ends. 1 long residence in mid intimate acquaintance lb Paris, that paradise of good living, have long given him a deep insight iuto all the mysteries the culinary art. As to the 4 shows,' he must ie seen them all. Not a sight or ceremony can 1 have come off these last 30 years without his LG present, whether in this couutry or abroad. Sala will be found more entertaining, if possible, private than in public life. He is a first-rate vnieur, a ready after-dinner speak or. and a most ichtful companion." , , I.T the first day's sales of Tasraanian stud ep in Sydney £6445 19 i was realised. V BOTTLE has been picked up on the Macleay ac!I, Trial Bay, contaiued a paper on which written the following words :—" Schooner lustry just going down off Nobby's. Good- >. March, 1884." iABTHQUAKB shocks were experienced on ;iday afternoon at Wilson's Promontory. Port bert, Bairnsdale, and Orneo in Victoria; at" en, Pambula, and Carden, in New South iles: and at Laiinceston. Tasmania. I'HE match Australians T. All England resulted draw in favour of the Australians. In the innings the Englishmen only made S5 runs. Australians made 182; and in the second BIN'S of the All England team a total of 180 time wickets was scored. The weather was jwery and the wicket was very heavy. A NEW AUTHOKBSS.—It U not generally known it the eldest daughter of the present Lord tton has taken up the family pen, and although LY about 14 or 15 years of age has already ioted and published for private circulation of the most blood curdling ghost stories that J the light for many a long day. It is .ted ou good authoritV that Messrs Longman mid have published it in their magazine had >t been that it was rather longer than their X would allow of; but the idea of curtailing t story was indignantly repudiated, so U nas ea placed in the hands of a few privileged ends exactly as the juvenile authoress wrote it wn She inherits a vast store of talent from TH Bides of the house, and her public APPEAR- ED M the ranks of our authoresses will be oked forward to with a great amount of riosity. AS ENTKFPBISIKG AUVEBTIJEE.—An amusing stance, says a London paper, of the imprudent iterprise of advertisers in America, has just me to hand. As is well-known, a colossal atue of Liberty, designed to stand in bronze, th a lighthouse in her monstrous hand, on an and at: the mouth of the port of New York, long been preparing in the studio of the lsatian sculptor, M. Bartboldi. Nothing in the irld will rival it in bigness; it will rise 329 et into the astonished air. But funds are igginer for the huge pedestal which the oDstrous figure needs, and the genius of merican advertisement has come forward with proposal unparalleled in fortitude. The probers of a quack medicine have uiade an offer I £5000 towards the monument, provided that >r the period of one year, 'they may be perilled to place across the face of Europe and ie east, the name of their nostrum in gigantic iters. If the offer is accepted, America will be oder the regency of—let us say—Paregoric for whole year before the goddess of Liberty tends her throne. " Try the Pillow Inhaler, Mitten across the beautiful cliffs of Hudson, is ottaing to this latest invention of advertising aterprise. 