ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. ': ".,' . (Br THE GHOST.) SThe echoes ofthe cannon, and the smell of. ",villainous saltpetre," which announced the commencement of the third session'of Victoria's eleventh Parliament have faded into thepast, and the floodgates of talk are opened. ' If the, programme submitted by' the Government, and the notices of sub. jects to which private members are desirous of calling attention,- afford a standard cn which to base vaticinations, it may safely be predicted thatthe present sitting of the Houses will in this matter of talk be in no waybehind any of its predecessors. Min isters will not have quite such halcyon times as they experienced last year, for. many honourable members who sat behind them then-unwillingly it must be con fessed-have now thrown off their sham allegiance, crossed the Rubicon, and sit glaring at the much-coveted Treasury Bench and its self- satisfied occupants. The inevitable process of- disintegration to which Government majorities are liable has set in, and the Opposition, side of the Assembly no longer presents the "beggarly array of enmpty benches,"-which rendered it the abomination of desolation to its few and far between ocupants. Major Smith, for instance, who during last session was wont to open fire from a position in rear of the Ministry, has now moved to the Opposition cross bench, whence he can enfilade thse foe; and Mr. Mirams has also migrated from the right of the Speaker to the left. Other gentlemen like Mr. Rich ardson and Mr. Bowman, who, when the Coalition was first formed, faced the Min istry nerely, as they qxplained, in order better . to hear the remarks and because they ,were crowded out -by the ".other suppdrters ". of., Messrs., Service and Berry, have now definitely made up their minds to cast in their present lot with the "outs," as affording a better chance in the fullness of time of being included in the "ins." The one-sidcd appearance of the Assembly is not there fore so apparent now as when first Mr. Service .and his colleagues mot the 'people's representatives, and the members will be yet more evenly balanced when Mr. M'lntyre and Mr. Patterson come -back-their minds enlarged by travel, and' thoir.toigues, after a long rest, eager for the fray. The bill-of-fare prepared for the delec tation of Parliament contains a largo number of items, and should suffice to assuage the appetite of the most insatiable Legislative gours?and. There are certainly no very novel dishes, and many of the names in the menu savour of the hash and rehash, and have a political " ancient and fishlike smell." 'There are, of course, the usual cut and dried, promises of economy and expressions of hope in the future, and our old friend, the Mining on Private Property Bill, like Monsieur Tomson, has " come again." ' Of course there is to be a Railway Bill-no programme wouldbecom pleto without this legislative bunch of carrots to dangle before honourable members, and equally as amatter of course a new Land Bill is promised.' But legisla tion on social questions is the' ministerial sheet anchor. Married women, spinsters, barmaids, rabbits, wild dogs, publicans, and sinners, male and female, especially the latter, are to be the special objects of the paternal solicitude of the Government. If all Victorian young men are not made vir tuous and sober, all young women kept pure and innocent, the rabbit pest made a thing of the past,"wator, water everywhere" made to flow in perennial streams before every selector's door, it will not be for want of laws and'eiactinents. Banks. too 'are to be made-safe, aid so' is railway travelling, and no one is to be aUllowed to work more than eight hourse a day. In fact, if all the promised' social refoimb are caurried out during the present session; it is puzzling to find what will be left'for honourable members to do when.they are next called together "for the dispatch of business." Mr. Service should take' care or else he -may find himself in a' similar plight to Alexander, sighin for fresh material upon "which'to exercise his energies. The history of the case of the man Barker, if it has done nothing else, has certailly served to show with how little wisdom the medical world in this present nineteenth century is governed. Doctors proverbially differ, but surely a disease so well-known, so easily diagnosed, and so widely-spread in other parts of the world as small-pox, should not afford much room for a variety of opinions. Yet quot homines tot sententiæ. Dr. Embling, a bud- ding medico, who had charge of the case at the Sanatorium, says it was small-pox. Other doctors who saw the patient say it wasn't, and Dr. Youl pronounces the disease to be a new one, generated in the colony. Who is to decide in the face of these conflict- ing opinions? There is at present in Victoria an old navy surgeon, Dr. Lewis, who on account of his long experience was selected to look after the patient that arrived on board the Rome, and who doubtless could have given an authoritative opinion. He certainly knows more about the disease than any of his medical brethren. With the immense capacity for blundering shown by the Central Board of Health, that body never thought of consulting the only per- son who could have settled the vexed ques- tion! And so the matter remains undecided, and the various sections of the disciples of Æsculapius are each at liberty to hold their own theory, the public being left in the dark as to whether the dread disease has been among user not. The Secretary of -the Law Department who, some time ago, left Victoria on' twelve months' sick leave, is keeping his memory green in the Civil Service. He has written to a fellow employe in the office, and. the letter, dated from Honolulu, conveys the news that he has partially recovered from the paralysis of the right arm froni which he suffered, and "is now able to lift his hand to his head." To a large number of persons this would hardly be i matter for congratulation. This too frequent lifting of the hand to the head is more often the origin of disease than a sign of returning vigour. However, so long as Mr. Harriman does not too often indulge in this renewed faculty, his friends need experience little anxiety on his behalf. The reasons assigned by persons seeking the protection of the Insolvent Court are at times somewhat unique." At one time the stereotyped formula in regard to the necessity for filing a schedule was "in ability to pay debts," until one day his Honor, the late Justice Barry, remarked that "'not being able to pay one's debts. was rather the effect than the cause of insolvency," and for some time the practice ceased. One of the strangest of the many strange reasons given for committing the financial "happy despatch " is to be found in Tuesday's morning papers,when a gentle man set down the cause of his insolvency as "rthe marriage of two daughters." Generally such happy events make parents richer instead of poorer. Although a winding up order, authoris ing the appointment of an official liquidator to deal 'with the Victorian assets of the Oriental Bank has been obtained, it is doubtful whether any benefit will accrue to the depositors moving in the matter. In giving his decision granting the applica tion, Mr. Justice Molesworthl was emphatic in telling the, parties. interested that they were not placing themselves in an unassail able position, nor establishing any claim to have the Victorian assets of the bank devoted. to the payment of the Victorian creditors. Already cablegrams are to hand questioning the, legality of the decision. The 'only people certin to benefit by the proceeding are the gentlemen of the long robe. . >The theatres have all done a satisfactory business during the week, and no changes of programme are announced. " Notre Dame" at the Royal," MarieAntoinetto" at the Opera House,and "La Fills de Madame Angot" at.the Bijou are to hold the boards during next week. The Princess, which has been closed for a fortnight and is to be pulled down in September next, is to open with " She Stoops to Conquer," in which Miss Marie do Grey and a comedy company are to revive "legitimate" business. The Victoria Hall is given over to minstrelsy, burnt cork, and the Hibernicon. 