ENTHRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. The enthronement of the Right Reverend the Bishop of Sydney took place on the 24th ulL The weather was beautiful. St. Andrew's Cathedral gales were opened at ball-past 9 for admission, which was by ticket only, and long Wore half- pest 10 every seat allotted for the | spectators was occupied, the arrangements being most perfect. The cathedral was not overcrowded, and every.jperapn -was.seated those, taking part in the "ceremony having met at the deanery. The following procession was 'formed:— TbeTerger. The representatives of dlooeeea to the synod, walking two and two. from North Queensland, Ballarat, Bathurst. Grafton and ArmldaliL Goulburn. Brisbane, 1 Perth, Newcastle, Melbourne, Adelaide, Tas- ' m, . imanla, and Sydney.. , .• The clergy of the diocese of Sydney, two and two,'the 1 juniors preceding. -: The minor canon of theeatliedral. The precentor and lay memt members ol the' • Cathedral Chapter. i., u The oanonaot the cathedral The bishops ol Uie proMnce of New South Wales, two ' and two. ips ordlo»eses In Australia and T The Archdeacon of Cumberland; „, . . The Dean of Sydney., The Bishop,-followed by thetbaplalns knd the officials The secretary of the diocese of Sydney. • - The procession entered the cathedral by the south-west door, the choir singing the hvmn, The Church is one-Foundation," and "then' proceeded up the nsve towards' the holy table,' Bishop Barry taking his seat at the east end of the sactarinm. • The Bishops of Melbourne, 1 Brisbane, Newcastle, Bathurst, Tasmania, and ferth were on the right sidsofthe Communion' table, and tbe-Bishops-of-Sallarat; Goulburn, 1 IF 9 ttMni >bmd and Grafton on the MM. The bishop's chaplain sat under the throne, Dean Cowper being in. his usual « "JL.. Thfe representatives' of 'dioceses of Australia . Sud i Tasmania sat in the nave, the^ clergy in seats' reserved : <for ttem at • the east end of the choir. A: volnn- «iy 'followed, Mr. Montague Younger, the cathedral organist; playing the " Hallelujah: uioras. Morning prayer 'then' followed' in ^..mirns Jin;. Ixrii. from the cathedral! •psalter, and the chants ; then followed.!' Thei ™ {eason'was-taken from r8aiahix^MjiJ read _byOanon King, after which the dean and! srehdeacon conducted Bishop Barry i to his I a Act °, f buiconsecration;. which.'was, fi 9 reai b y *•"> bfficiallsecretary, tKe' Z t J 16 concIu8ion placing in the:Bishop'« ^ s s i s s s i j f t e g 1 f CatLcdV.1 Church of St •saldelto Sidney and arehdeacon of <he enthrone ih„ « S!lS"i :d<l Induct, dnstmll.and to ttri^?" aad A »hdeacon having ntoraed with i>,r^ ^m0 " unf! W c r was' proceeded £ t J e »enm .fromSmart. inD.lbeiog beauhfnlly sung.The second tason.from SU Owon^J?™ verse,' was read by &2 Smart u S h a r :; ."The" V 0 u Jubilate uoiiate was sung from allthe wrth^r ' ^t- U,e!0reia ' bishops, „ exception, turned!towards the east thateevbralof the cle?gy SlrtA^.'sporition; The':.anthem kuounod.), " Send out Thv 'light." was then followed the special suffrages and prayers, in wHchihe'follomng'Was introduced :— " Oh Lord, eavn Thy Vcrvant, our Bishop, who puttetb his trust In Thee, fiend him help trom Thy holy place..And -erermore mlghtlly-ydcl'end him.Lfrt the tne.uy hare ho nivaatEge ngsfnat him, nor' the wicked approach 'to hurtQilm.' Be.anto'hImaatron[;er tower from the face .of l&e; enemy. Oh Lord. Iienr our prayer, and let our cry come unto Thee. Almighty God. the River of nil rood thlnga. who by Thy Holy bplrlt hast appointed divers orders or ministers In Thy -Church, mercifully behold this Thy servant. Alfred Barry, who Is now admitted to the office and dignity of bishop or this diocese. 4Wd .-therewith the metropolitan of the province of New South Wales, and Primate of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, and so replenish htm witli Ibe truth of Thy doctrine, and endue him wltb iooocoDCv or lll'o that, botb by word and deed. lie Tliee la these olficcs to the glory \- ""fyloj? and well- gorcrnL " " bcaecch Thee, ttut be * '8 church, and tbat liu >, at the latter day he „ "God with the Father and the Boly Ghost, world without end. Amen." ., At the close of morning prayer, the bishops of the province of .New South.Wales proceeded to the bishop's throne, and the Bishop of Goulbourn, as senior bishop, presented the Bishop of Sydney with an address, recognising him as metropolitan of the province of New South Wales. Bishop Barry returned thanks, and the other bisbopB of the various dioceses in Australia and Tasmania then joined the bishops of the province, and the Bishop of Brisbane, as senior bishop, addressed the Bishop of Syduey, recognising him as Primate of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. Bishop Barry, in reply, said:—"In the same spirit I accept this larger address of welcome, and I pray God that the office to wbicb lam now received'may, under God's he)p, be the means of knitting together in closer unity all the dioceses of the clerey in tbis great country on one foundation, beride which none other enn be laid, even the Lord.Je3us Christ." The hymn Veni Creator, or " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," having been sung in unison, all the bishops returned to the sacrarimn, oud the ante-communion service was proceeded with, the Bishop of Sydney reading the Commandments; the responses, Bliss in F, being sung by the choir. The epistle was tead by the Bishop of Brisbane, tiud the g >sp«l by the Bishop of Goulburn. Then followed the olfertory, the prayer for the Church militant beiug said by Bishop Barry, af;er which a soft Ju/itary WAS played during the retirement of the non-communicants. At the conclusion of the service the procession returned iu reverse order to that in which it entered, the Bishop of Sydney taking pracedeacc of all the other bishops. Sir George Strahan (Governor of Tasmania), Commodore Ersbine, Sir Henry Wrensfordley, and a large nnmber of distinguished visitors were present. The whole proceedings were moat impressive. The offertory at the morning service amounted 'to'j£2I9 J 19s. After the enthronement, the bishop was cntertuined at luncheon in the new Masonichell. A large number of bishops, clcrgv, and citizens were present. The chair was taken by Sir. Alfred StephoD, acling-Gorernor, who proposed the toast of "The Queen." Then followed the following toasts u The Prince of Wale3 and the" Rest of the Royal Family," proposed; by the Primate} " The Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishops of Durham, Rochester, and Liverpool," bv Mr. Richard Jones ; " The Primate, by Sir Alfred Stephen'; "The Bishops of Melbourne, Tasmania, Brisbane, and Goulburn," by the Hon. Alexander Stewart. 1 To this toast the Bishops of Brisbane, Grafton, and Melbourne responded. Bishop Moorhoiise, who-was loudly called for ; atthe conelueion of the Bishop of Goulburn'a speech, made an eloquent and graceful response^ in the course ot which he spoke as follows :— "Such a ceremonial (the reception of the Primate) was one which in the highest sense was of paramount importance in regard : to unity. tJnity^was closer to-dav than it ever was before in the ^ietory of the Christian'Church, either in this • colony or ' in any other part of the world; Who did 1 not recognise that • they were • engaged in ; a conflict between 4'aith : and unfaitli, -between men who believed we had'a Father in Heaven and who bel ieved : that mail 1 was an organism of dust ? (Hear, hear.) ' The sectarian battle was goiug on. What would they think of those two squares of British in Egypt if, when •they were -surrounded, they had begun firing upon one another ? What chance would they have had ? (Hear, hear.) What chance would 'there'bo if the Church of Christ in the various .sects to-tiay charged onb another in an-'infatu- •ated ' way in the (very -presence ot the foe ? .They might not • in their generation see the joining" of these ; churches into one 'grand federation 1 of ihfi Protestant denominations, but what they did say was that they <could help: towards it by becoming ^ono arabngat themselves, and taking precautions against divisions. They knew at 'the prespnt time there were'two parties in 'the "worJd. One they might call • Conservative, and the bther l/iberA). ' He would use an Australian expression in order 4o-enable him to cxplaiu what he meant Ho supposed they knew that it wae extremely difficult for any man to drive a pair of 'horses of which one was a jibber and the other a bolter. (Laughter.) • They knew it was desperately hard work. Now, the iibbin(r horae was represented by those oldfashioned people who praised the days which had gonfy mid did not like any large question- stirred up, and who preferred to let slewpiug dogs lie. He would like to let them lie ; but unfortunately they were -not 'asleep. They were up and ravening; and if^e >did not whip them back to the kennelihey would kill the eheep..'' They might say,' Thatmav be true, -but you are the man to do the'-work? And a 'Scotchman might, tell them that they could not eat porridge out of the same howl with Dr. Chalmers. He said; No, but if Dr. Chalmers had been alive to-day he would have been eating porridge out of our bowl.' (Laughter and cheers.) Dr. Chalmers was a friend of progress always; and he kuew perfectly well that it would not do to have an animal who would shut his eyes, eit back upon the dashboard, and pitch him into the ditch. (Laughter.) Dr. Chalmers would have been one of the steady pullers. There was another kind, called bolter*. They were the young men who would make the past a white sheet so that they could write what they pleased 1 upon it, and would ask, What is the good of the past ?' He believed, however, that they must not relinquish the past, but hold upon the past, and advance into the future. (Applause.) They must not Jet go the true in the old, aud at the same time they must pursue what is better in the nev Of course, to keep a bolter from bolting, and jibber from jibbing, it required an uncommonly good coachman, who could whip with one band and keep a tight rein with the other, and go on doing it night aud day, slogging away and pulling away, and never stopping. The difficulty was to find a coachman like tbat, and he gave to them as his conviction that the man with careful hand, clear brain, and the nicest touch on the reins was the Primate; he would not let the jibber jib, or the bolter bolt, and the coach would be kept Bteady and would make progress towards a splendid goal. He asked i he clergy and laity of New South Wales to give the Primate every assistance in the work he was anxious to carry out so as to enable him to complete the work, and it would he found, when he bad il>mc his utmost, he had done everything for love and nothing lor reward." (Cheer/'.) Sir Georee Lines then proposed "The Dsan and Clergy of the Diocese." Then tlw toast ofThe Chairman" ended the proceeding*. 