.i The Home of a Poet. LONGFELLOW' S TENDElRNESS TO BIS WIFI'? M1EMOIDY. (.Ee vj Other Saturday.) In 18IB`lie was married to 'Mary Storer Potter of Portland, a daughter of Bai rett"Potter, Judge of the Probate Court. Judge Potter was a man of iiiiarked chracter, rioted for his positive opinions, anil'had the reputation for'kieing'vvery" careful. Watch and' guard over his two charming daughters. One of them he. came the wife of Peter Thacher, a highly respectable member of the bar of Han-: .cook county, Maine, and now of the, Bos. toln b.:: On his marriage, Longfellow occupied the Hinckley house on Federal street in Brunswick, close by the Andros coggini 'river-a charmning residence, , surrounded by beautiful e'me and thick ,, shrubdery. Mr. Longfellow was a re "markable quiet person, of charming manners, and had been throughly edu cated at'the school of M1iss Cushing, in :?Rihgham, Mass. ' My impression of her.' writes the venerable Professor Packard, 'is of an attractive person, blooming in health and beauty, the graceful bride of a very attractive and elegant young man.' The oldest Pro. fessor in Bowdoin College at that time was Professor Cleveland, who had a wide reputation as a scientist, and was. a brilliant lecturer. Between his family and th'~t of the Lohgfellows of Portland there had been for years great intimacy. When Hdnry was in college, and especially, after .being chosen professor, he was a frequent and most welcome caller at, the old square white mansion on the hill. The oldest darghter of Pro fessor Cleveland, although a few years younger than Longfellow, was on intini ate terms with him, and he used to ac company her at the old harpsichord (still preserved in the mansion) with the flute. After Longfellow, as invited to become professor at Cambridge he took a journey abroad. He first went to. England, then to Denmark and Sweden, and journeyed down 'into Holland. At Rotterdam Mrs. Longfellow died on the 29th of Decemiber, 183f, froriia'illnoss contracted immediately, after her'confine-. ment. Mother and child passed tway, and the bereaved and childless survivor soon left :the city for Heidelberg where he passed .:the winter.': *Longfellow al ways retained a, tenderness for ?those' who had known and loved his wife,' and althaugh he afterwards formed. another: and most happy connection, the. first could not be entirely forgotten.. On'be coming engaged to his second wife, he called' on ,one of the friends above' men tioned to announce the fact,.'and years afterwards, when . his second.wife had died, she invited him to. Brunswick to attend, commencement. He wrote that heo could' not 'go,';:for there were 'too many ghosts there.'- But in 1875, .whena the semi-centeninial of his class occuirod, he went there and delivered the: world-re nowned' Morituri Salutamus.' He was the guest of his early companion, on this occasion.' Quite feeble' in heailti, the contrast between the elegant 'young man of 1885 and the veritable poet with graybeard and 'feeble step was striking.' It was touching to see the .two friends >',together in the old mansion and: tinder such . different 'circumstances. . 'Now, Sboth these, alas lhave passed naward. 