GEOFFRY STIRLING PART IL—CHAPTER XX. [Concluded.) BY MES. LEITH ADAMS. ™ So she is," put in Alicia, with (for her) a brazen and determined air. " So she is not," retorted the Vicar, equally brazen, equally determined; " her lips trembled—actually trembled as she asked for news of our Mend. She was paler than even her recent illness justified. It may be that this sorrow of Geoffrey's has brought back the memory of her once tried, years ago. Yon remember, dear, that Gabriel Devenant was drowned ? A buried sorrow often seems to rise again, in the fresh sorrow of another." " VTas Hilda here ?" said Alicia. *' YCB ; and she too seemed unlike herself— that sweet grave calm that hangs about her like '& delicate garment, was ruffled. The unwonted agitation of the mother stirred her too perhaps some deeper influence. I could almost have fancied from what 1 heard today that some — attachment had existed between the child and—Ralph." "A couple of children—a mere boy and girl," said Alicia incredulously ; " and a pair that hardly ever chanced to meet—could hardly chance to meet anywhere save here— to eay nothing of difference of position, Crithbert." " Yes; I know the idea seems far-fetched; it did even as it crossed the back of my stnpid old head. And yet" And yet what 1" this impatiently. " Well, this — Davey happened to be coming in as Hilda ana her mother were leaving my study—you were out, you know, my dear, on household cares intent—and the giil lagged behind to speak to him, or rather, as it seemed, to look at him. Davey oaught her hand, in answer to the look, and I heard him say—' V\ hat is it, Hilda ? Are you in any trouble ? Why do you look like tfcat?'" Well, what did my dear girl say J" " Pressed her hand over her eyes as if to press back tears, and said, ' I do not know —I cannot tell; but, Davey, I am full of fear.'" " flow strange! What did Davey answer ; He said, ' This coices of listening .to ghost stories bv firelight,' and then they both laughed, but Hilda's laugh sounded forced, I thought—almost hysterical Her mother, at the sound, turned and beckoned to the girl to hasten on. Thfen I saw a look of unmistakeable and troubled fear in Hilda's eyes, but Mrs. Devenant was smiling back at Davey. HeavenB! what a beautiful woman Bhe must have been once upon a time, Alicia. You realize something of it, even now, when her face lights np like that." " 1 know, I have seen it; but to me it is always the beauty of some fierce and cruel animal; it repels me, it never draws me near." " Still," said the Vicar, " Hester Devenant is a woman who could charm—it she willed to charm, and strangely enough she seems to care to charm poor Davey." "By the way," said Alicia, "when the Other two were strong, what did Davey say ?" "At first nothing. He stood by the window, watching Che mother and daughter walk down to the gate. Then, when they were out of sight, he came and sat down by my writing-table, leaned his arms upon it, and began to speak to me of his master." "Of Geoffrey Stirling?" " Yes; he told me of a strange mood that seized upon him yesterday, a sort of frenzy as it seemed to me. Sir Denby Boscawen rode over to the Dale to enquire after the squire, and, as it happened, saw him crossing tne halL In a moment Stirling seemed rouged to a sudden fury. Davey, coming down the tower-stairs, beard him mutter to himself, saw a wild look upon his face, and was hasteningforward in fear and amazement, when the mood passed, as it had come, in a moment, and our friend was himself again." How strange !" said Alicia. " Worse than strange," replied her husband, "for it passed but to come again. When Davey entered the library that same evening, he was met by the same look, adjured to ' play the spy no more,' dismissed with averted looks and harsh words—things new indeed to Davey from his master. I have seen sorrow clothe itself in strange gaise, but never in &uch; guise as this. I shall go up to the Dale early to-morrow. I am full, dear wife, of dark forebodings." Was not Davey also full of fear? The ghost that walked in the dark shrubberies beneath the pall-like shadows of the yews, and by the shimmering lake, could not be more restless a thing than Davey in these evil days that had come upon Geoffrey Stirling. Afraid to enter the beloved presence, lest he should be driven forth by hard words; full of a loving trembling fear that could not sleep; he wandered from silent room to silent corridor, here, there, and everywhere, yet ever returning, like the bird to its nest, to the near neighbourhood of the chamber where sorrow was struggling so fiercely to break a human heart. Hitherto Geoffrey Stirling had been stunned by the weight of his own suffering. Nay, more: he had been willing to be stunned— glad to be deadened, lifeless, wrapped in torpor that dulled each sense and spread a filmy veil between himself and all sight and sound around him. If any prayer at all could have arisen from his dulled heart it would have been this—"Oh, God, let this torpor hold me still!" As the frost-bitten wayfarer shrinks from the return to life that means immeasurable agony, so this wounded creature dreaded the immeasurable pain of coming to look upon the story of Ralph's death as something that had happened to himself—something that had cut deep and clean to the root of his own life, rendering it a barren and blighted thing for evermore—instead of as a tale told to a man whom he pitied, pitied from the of his soul, but who was not, could not be Geoffrey Stirling. Was he not called the luckiest man in Becklington ?—spoken of as the man who had added land to land and gold to gold ? Was it likely Fortune would scatter her choicest giftB upon him and then strike so cruel a blow straight at his heart ? Some one was drowned. It was a pity. Troubles are harder to bear at Christmastide, because the whole world is then bidden to rejoice in the coming of the Prince of Peace: and some one must be in trouble dark and deep, since some one (a young boy, they said, and homeward bound) was drowned. . . Gabriel Davenant was drowned. Bah! a chill and gruesome death to die—to sink away out of sight while the waters close above your head, . . , How still the night is ! Geoffrey Stirling Bits by the fire alone, save for Gaylad stretched at his feet. He lies back in his easy- chair; be breathes heavily, like one who is very weary and whose heait labours at its work. His deeDset eyes are dim; more than ever sunken in their leaden orbits. And thoughts come and go in his dazed brain. But under this turbid current of unreal and dreamy thought, is a something stirring, sluggishly it is true, yet with an ever increasing power and impetus. Realization is coming ; the frozen blood is moving in the frost-bitten limbs; the dreamer is awaking to the truth of what has taken hitherto but the semblance of a vision —a thing far off, not near. " Ralph—Ralph—my boy 1" After all, it is not "some one" who is drowned—it is the child of his love, the idol of his life—the creature for whom he has lived, and hoped—the creature for whom he has—sinned. And now, mingling with the suddenly realized anguish of loss, comes the thought of that sin—the sin that has been sinned in vain—that now drops to earth, a motiveless, soulless thing, as dead and valueless as the garment of mortality when the spirit that once animated it has flown. "I did it for Ralph —for Ralph," he mutters, shrinking further and further back In his chair, as though cowering away from some ghastly presentiment of a crime-stained self, staring at him from out the red glow of the living coala. " I did it for Ralph! How still the night is! An hour or two more of life is all that remains to the old year—the year that has robbed him of his only son—the year whose successor seems a blasted, blighted thing to him, even ere it is born. The frost iB keen to-night. It grips the trees like a vice. They groan and creak under the pressure. Otl ler sound is there none. Once Nurse Prettyman, urged thereto by Davey, openB the library door softly, and peers in. It is growing late, she says, will not the master take something ? At this anger, distrust, defiance blaze up in Geoffrey Stirling's eyes. "What," he cries, "are there more of you? Would you hunt me down? Leave me, I saj, leave me. Do you not see that I would be alone with the thought of my boy ? It is his loss that makes me like this, strange and solitary in my ways. It is nothing else—nothing else; what else should it be, indeed?" He laughs^ as if in scorn of people's idle fancies, waving to her to go—to leave him alone with the night. Tears stream down Nurse Prettyman's face. Her ruddy cheek is pale, her eyes are dim with weeping. Why, even now, as she crossed the hall to come to her master, the feeling of a child's hand clutching at her gown seemed to be with her—she seemed to hear the patter of little feet by her side. Since ever she knew that her darling boy was gone—that never more his strong young arms should hug her c ore, his laughing lips touch her cheek, sight and hearing have played strange tricks with Nurse Prettyman, and memory has given' her back the child she had tended and loved as her own. She tries to speak through her tears. She would fain set ner Borrow beside her master's, fain win him to speak of Ralph, to break the chain that has bound him about since the hour in which they told him that his boy would come home no more. But Geo&rey; has risen to his feet. He crosses the floor, faces her, and with a quick imperious gesture bids her, ence and for all, to leave him. The woman dare not disobey, and, as she steps back, the key grates In the lock of the door that a firm hand has promptly closed. Geoffrey Stirling is alone at last; safe, too, from intrusion of any sort, since he has shut and locked the door between the room he is in and the one that lies three shallow steps below. Alone—yet more hunted than when most followed. For his own thoughts, like a pack of sleuth-hounds, dog his stops and bang at his heels. 