THE STORYTELLER. GANNON'S CHARGE. Br N. WALTEB SWAN. PRELUDE. There was no sound on the plain thatroiled away against the ranges and crept partly up their breasts to where the trees gre® among the stones. There was no place, bnt upontbe grass, for the birds to rest, that screeched as they croesed the width of green on their bine and vello* wings. It was because of this, and the natural silence that belonged to the days, that the shepherd called the place Graveton, and the watercourse at the foot of the ranges Mnfflebrook. This solemn man, who seemed to be doing an unceasing penance, walked noiselessly by the banks ofthe stream one day, with a cornsack over his head, hood fashion, and down bis back like a stole. He stopped, stooped, and upraised himselt, then sat down in the misUng ram on the spongy turf as though the grass was velvet pile, and reclined upon his elbow above the spot which had arrested his at tention. He examined the place long, even for a patient shepherd, before he changed his position bo that his elbows rested on his knees, and his chin upon bis palms. Thus he looked out on the drifting grey sky. and the falling rain, and the silent, moving sheep, and the ghost-like trees veiled in mist, and the low plain, and lastly at a email cir cular looking-glass which he held before his face with trembling hands-a face flushed, wondering, exultant, pained at the re flection it saw of wrinkles, and grizzled hair, and sunken cheeks; but always do minated by the flush and the exulta tion. Then the shepherd rose with sudden energy and rolled over boulders to the spot where he had sat, as rearing an altar of quartz to some sudden inspiration. 11ns done, he looked vaguely, pityingly, patro nisingly on the silence that had swallowed him up and drowned him every day of the five preceding yeara without accomplishing work of making him a lunatic. He walked away into the mist inthedirection of his hut, with his strong hand closed on a pear-shaped piece of gold. Before the early white flower of fading winter could be seen upon the grass, or by the banks where the shepherd had sat, 20,000 men were hastening to scatter^ the silence from every quarter of the horizon. They ramp panting, travel-stained and resolute, and they scattered it for ever. In the course of yeara they garrisoned the place against ite re tnm-with a borough and council, a town-hall, half a dozen streets, and a local paper. Baker ton was esteemed to be a place of importance account of its age and position, and very much on account of its traditions. The inhabi tants early developed a proper appreciation the benefits to be derived from working in their own behalf, and whereas the Hinton and Blosaomburg people found unalloyed satisfaction in defeating each other's schemes advancement, the Bakertons worked with touching unanimity to obtain parliamentary votes by proper representations in their own direction. But they did more than this. They were not afraid to work for their town and for its interest, and its floating capital was easily arrested for its substantial benefit _ The Bftkerton purse-Btrings were never tightly polled. It was quite an episode in the earlier history of the town wnen the assize court opened for the first time, and the judge Bat facing the officials and the people in the dignity of his trappings. There were some fadies present, and the public, moleskmned and pipeclayed, looked on above its bare arms, and hitched up its trousers absently as waited and listened. It was proud of grime and paddling stains then. It could eat its thumb-piece on a bit of bread, and go visiting in Crimean shirts and lace-ups. There was some ceremonial about the open ing of this assize court, I suppose, but it is too distant to remember. It is not too dis tant to remember the James Herbe-.t who Btood in the dock accused of horse-stealing; that was a picture that the pipeclay public has ? never forgotten, neither subsequent broadcloth, nor equipage and all the doleful etiquette and pretence necessary to their proper enjoyment, has rendered dim to any who were idle spectators that day the attitude of Herbert and the picture presented. The prisoner had a small store in Barney's Flat, white hair, and a gentle, pre possessing face. The afternoon son fell upon him, bringing out more strongly the shame and indignation that possessed him, because of his position and accusation. It was known that the prisoner had not sought for bail when committed for trial, but that a digger who lived away in the Sareaparilla -Golly had lodged the money necessary to free him till the court sat It was known that the prisoner had not engaged a lawyer, bnt that Mr. Chivers, of Melbourne and of high repute, was there on his behalf, end it was known, too, that his little daughter with blonde hair was present by the side of the sickly and faded woman who was the pri soner's siBter and housekeeper. It was the picture that showed the man standing in the dock above the occupants of the crowded court, the anxious face of the feeble woman among the crowding and careless faces of the spectators, and the innocent blue eyes of the child looking wonderingly at her father, that remained upon the memory of the public there assembled. The eloquence of Chi vera kept the court till the candles were lighted, and stirred the miners to a burst of applause that would not be repressed. When the jury came from their retirement, freighted with their decision, the baffling dusk bad neutra lised the thinly scattered lights, the faces of the sister and daughter had faded from re cognition among the shadows. The prisoner could be seen but vaguely, waiting upon his fate, then bending till* his forehead rested upon his hands, gripping the dock as the foreman broke the heavy silence that fol lowed the usual inquiry with the word that «hook all present with esudden throb-guilty. There was commotion when the sister fell for ward from her seat, and the terrified voice of thechi Id called upon her father. The candles carried over revealed the little white face, ? the raising of the unconscious woman, the1 silent judge, the broken lights, the settling gloom. 