OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (-.ov Ic .L PRMs moto.) The broken week in Parliament has seriously iute.fered with the prospects of an e""ly closing of the session. The Leeisla tive Council, will, however, sit on Fndays to make up for lost time. They may also decide to sit at 3 p.m. each day, at all events that has been mooted. With regard to the additions to the Railway Bill, which it is said the Council will make. A member of the Lower House in the confidence of the Government, insists that any additions must be accompanied by equivalent subtractions as the Ministry has " put down its foot," on the question of the amount of the loan. It is however, very un likely that the Council will take the respon sibility of subtracting anything. The As. sembly amuses itself just now in toying with many small measures like an epicure with the dessert after a good dinner. The only lire measure before it is the Shops and Factories Bill, which it is safe to predict will not go through the Lower House this session. There is in this colony, or rather in Mel. bourne, an associationn known as the Liberty and Property Defence League. It is however mainly concerned with the liberty to drink intoxicants, and the de fence of the property of the vendors of these seductive fluids. It is now proposed to extend the area of this society, so as to include all matters of personal liberty, which are, or may be infringed upon by the action of Government. I venture to pre dict that an association on this wide basis cannot be successful, because there is as yet no indication that any but a very infiintesi mal number of persons would accept the greatprinciple, " that each individual has a right to freedom, limited only by the equal freedom of every other individual." The great joke of the lobbies has been fur nished this week by that notable and sten torian opponent of all landlordism and closed roads, blr A. T. Clark. Who would have thought it? Mr A. T. Clark has become the owner of 1000 acres of very valuable land just beyond the outskirts of Williams town. The nne::pectedness of the position is ludicrously intensified by the fact that Mr Clark ha; now as his tenants the Messrs Chirnside of Werribee Park. For 15 years Mr Clark has periodically in Parliament de nounced all landlords and all occupants of closed roads, and Messrs Chirnside in par ticular, as the very embodiment of all that is noxious. Shall we at last he able to say " rest purturbed spirit," to the ghost of that unlucky constituent of Mr Clarks, who 15 years ago was fined £10 for trespass at the hands of Messrs Chirnside, and whose woes have been vehemently and grufflytrumpeted forth annually by Mr Clark ever since! Some of Mr Clark's fellow-members laugh ingly anticipate that Messrs Chirnside will have a pretty lively time of it in their (to them) novel position as tenants. It may be, however, that " Proputty" will have its customary effect even upon Mr A. T. Clark. What an excellent paying game the denunc iation of wealth and property has been in this colony. How many in this present Par liament one could name who adopted this easy and popular role, and profited exceed ingly thereby. The names of Berry, Clark, James, Lalor, Langridge, Patterson, W. C. Smith, and Woods occur to one at once, and it would be easy to treble the list of the denouncers of "capital" with the names of those not now in Parliament who h-ve ac quired so much of the evil commodity that '"urgent private affairs" prevent thei from girbug any further attention to polit?cs. Notvi;,hstanding the Agent-General Bill anod the universal encomiu.ns passed upon Mr Murray Smith, it is said that his prospect of renewal of office is not a certainty, It would suit the convenience of some of our political chiefs to have it otherwise. Mr Berry, it is said, is desirous of increased opportunity for cultivating his newly acquired "golden" faculty of silence and believes the Agent-generalship would give him all he needs, and this would make room for Mr Paterson as the leader of the Liberal Coalition contingent. It would also leave the Colonel and the Mirims and the Richard sons in their positions still more " remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow." The per sisience of rumours of this kind, in what are commonly known as the " best informed circles," induced me to endeavour to probe them to the bottom. The result is that an unquestionable authority assures me that Mr Service says that others appear to know his business better than he does. He has no intention e leaving Victoria, at all events for some years. Two of Mr Berry's col. leagnes say that he is not intending any change that they are aware of-for a con siderable time to come. The significance of these disclaimers will by most people be aso sumed to be in their qualifications. 