"HAMLET" AT THE PRINCESS', LONDON. The great merit of the " Hamlet" of the Princess' Theatre is that it is a sensible.and un-' prentious rendering of the play as wo may imagine Shakespeare intended it to be acted, or rather as he would have wished it to be actcd had he lived in our days. The scenery is magnificent, and the dresses are striking; and as I believe Mr. Godwin is responsible for them, they are, no doubt, archaeologically correct. Hamlet is—as he ought to be—an unformed youth, a fair scholar, of amiable rather than of brilliant qualities. When the Ghost tells him of the cause which deprived his father of life, and urges him to avenge it, the task is too much for him. He is bold in words and intent, but when it. comes to action he collapses. He is not absolutely mad, but his mind is unhinged, and amongst his silly pretests to avoid action and yet to appear to be bent on it, be shams absolute madness. In portraying this complicated and uncertain character, Mr Barrett is successful. His elocution is natural, and he converses rather than makes speeches. There is an entire absence, of theatrical conventionality in his gestures and in his mien, and one sees Hamlet rather as he might .have been in the Danish castle than as we are accustomed to-him on the stage. Miss Eastlake is a good dcai'better as Ophelia than I had anticipated.. She restrains to a considerable extent the nervous exuberance of her movements. As the persecuted heroine of London suburbs she was, too .much of Ophelia, but this stands her in good part when she has to play the character. No doubt Jjer straight, waistless dresses were correct, but they were so unbecoming that I should think they will prove useful in exploding the a?sthetical craze. The "king models his mien upon the remark that a man may smile and yet be a villain. He is, in fact, a comic monarch ; he entirely lacks dig nity, and grins over his misdeeds and the vag aries of his son-in-law as though he thoroughly enjoyed them. Miss Leighton looks exceedingly handsome as the queen, and one could more easily understand the strong measures which the king had taken to replace her first husband in her affections than when the part is played ; by an elderly lady. She fails, however, to . make anything out of the closet scene. Laertes and the gravedigger are especially good.— | Truth. 