novelist. AFTER MANY DAYS. By R. P. WHITWORTH. CHAPTER V. {CONTINUED.] A few days more and we were speeding down the shallow waters of Port Chalmers, bound for Melbourne; and yet again a few days, and we were tossing on the rolling seas ol Bass's Straits, steaming as fast as the mail ship could bear us for the shores of England. Ten years had we been absent, and during that time what changes might not have occurred? For myself, except that my father was, as I had learnt from his letters, failing, none could have happened that mattered mueh. But for Jaok. What if Beatrix Walton had forgotten him ? What if she had married ? What if she were dead ? Suoh things, all of them had happened, were happening continually. And Jack, although he said nothing— for, by a tacit understanding, we bad come never to Bpeak on the subject—grew moody and anxious as the days went by. The oriental mingled, splendor and tawdriness of Oeylon; the wide-stretching deserts of Arabia; the ancient monuments of Egypt; the water streets of Venice; the faded magnificence ol Padua, Verona, Milan, Turin, and other old Italian cities; that wonderful piece of engineering between Modane and La Praz; the Mont Cenis tunnel; the gaieties of Paris; although each and all were matters of sur- prise and delight to me, for I had never seen them before, to him had no charm. He parsed through them and by them without comment, almost without notioe. His only thought, his only wish, was to be moving onward, ever onward. We parted in London, I to stay a day or two with some friends before going home, he to seek his, it might be, lost, still unforgotten, love at Caatlecomer. Alas, poor Jack 1 He heard all too soon, at his father's house, the sad story. It was an old, old tale. The pride of the Waltons had indeed been brought low. The wealth of that purseproud man who had driven him into exile had vanished like the morning mist before the sun. Mr. Walton had speculated in railways, foreign bonds, tin, copper, what not ? and had lost. Then, with the mercantile gambler's mad infatuation, he had risked more and more, had risked his all, in short; and had risen from an untasted breakfast one morning, haggard, ghaBtly, and bowed, finding himself a ruined man. The blow had killed him; and, even while the poor corpse was being borne to its last resting place, in the old cemetery at Castlecomer, the creditors or their representatives were taking an inventory at Walton Court. Miss Walton, pale and broken-hearted, had remained in the house with her young brother-until, the day of the funeral, when she had been taken away by a gentleman, a relative it was supposed, who bad suddenly come over from England, and who had then as suddenly disappeared. That was all that Jack could learn. She whom he had come so many thousands miles to find, had gone, no one know whither, had disappeared as effectually as if tho sea had swallowed her up. Poor Jack. It was a • cruel blow for him, and all the more cruel from the uncertainty, Had she been dead, nay, had she been even married, he might have, after a time, found solace from. Time, the great healer; but tbe absolute ignorance of auy clue by which the painiul suspense might be ended, was more than he could bear. He became moody and discontented, and spent Tiis days in wandering aimlessly about, especially along the bank of tbe Nore to the spot where he had first seen '«r, a spot now held sacred in his eyes. Certainly he enquired at Tom Ryan's, the Castlecomer Hotel, regarding this stranger who had borne away his Beatrix in such a mysterious manner, and by means of sundry shillings slipped into the hands of Jerry the groom and pretty Nelly Rooney the housemaid, extracted the information ikat the gentleman's name was, as it was thought, Thompson or Johnson, that he did not look much like " Won of the rale quality itself," that, so far as could be remembered, he came from Carlow by the coaoh on the day of the funeral, and went baok next day, taking with him Miss Walton and Master Maurice, " and she, poor .dear young lady, as white and whisht as a ghost, crying for her dead father, and maybe for somebody else in furrin parts, who ought to iave been there to oomforther, but wasn't." This last from Nelly Rooney, oy which it will be seen Uiat Nelly had, as they say, eyes in her head) and-was able to .see as lor through a millstone as other 1 people, , He went to Carlow, and by flint of enquiry a further expenditure of shillings, found out from oho of the stable boys who pame X? 1 ? ^astlpcomer, and who knew Miss "•"on by sight, that the party he was asking ?! tcr . had oorne l>y the ooaoh, stopped for Sinner at the .Feathers Inn, and gone on, . presumably ior Dublin. -To Dublin he followed, and there, by waywag the" clerks at. the various shipping and % the process of what is known in Australia as " shooting " freely.he induced ™?m to look back -their passenger tioket- ' gave, dud discovered ™«*Mr. Thompaon and a Miss and Master ••^^WtJSbJ.Vfe *neh -«nd suoh a day, Emerald,'for Holyhead. 'MP 'fraok •WKteiliiHW;* thi' starting! Jj to the network of railways that ramified England—east, west, north, and south.- But he went to Holyhead nevertheless, and then he went to where everybody goes, to London, calling op me at the quiet rectory in Cheshire; to aid him in his search. Poor fellow, my heart bled to see hiB careworn faoo, and I could refuse him nothing. -But our quest was futile. In' vain we advertised in the agony columns of the London and many of the provincial papers. In vain we offered rewards for information. In vain we subsidised Scotland. Yard. Nothing oame of it, until the " hope deferred that maketh the heart sick'! was at length worn out, and we both, tired of a life of inaction, weary of London and of England, turned our faces onoo more toward the bine skies and swelling plains ,4f the great .Southern land, so long our home. And thus came it that in the train which was rapidly carrying ns from Sydney to Melbourne, did Jaok say to~me, as related at the commencement of this story, "I wonder whether we shall meet any of our old mates of the Shotover?" And now came about another of those turns in fortune's wheel so inexplicable and so un- looked for. "Nothing happens but the improbable," says some philosopher, an3 of all incidents in this strange eventful history, none so strange as this. Seated in the same compartment of the oarriage, and nearly opposite me, was an elderly man, intent on reading a newspaper. I had taken no particular notice of him np to then, beyond a few pasBing words, but I observed that as Jaek and I conversed, he looked over the top of his paper, and scrutinised ns narrowly. " I think," he said at last, " I heard you mention the Shotover, sir." " Yes," I replied, " we were speaking of the place." " The Shotover in New Zealand, I presume you mean ? " " The same, sir." " Ah," he flaid, " its ourious, I was there once, myBelf." " Indeed I so were we. "AhI I don't seem to reeolleot you, and yet, maybe you might have heard of me. Bill tne packer they used to tall me. I was packing from Queenatown to the Shot, and the Arrow for many a year." We have heard of him by repute, but as of one of the old hands who had left before our time. Our conservation soon drifted away from the familiar subject of mining, and the men we had mutually known on the various diggings, to general topics. He had been home he told us, on a matter of business, but had returned some two years before, and had taken up his residence in Melbourne, where, with the money he had accumulated by his lucrative calling of a packer in New Zealand, he had established himself in business. Jack did not take any part in the conversation. He seemed as was frequently is wont to be buried in reverie, and I was too well accustomed to his moods to attempt to disturb bim. My new friend remarked as much in an undertone. Yes," I replied in the same key, " poor Jack he has had a sad disappointment, a bitter grief in tbe old country, and has not yet re covered from the effect of it." Jack," said my companion, " is that his name? " Yes, Jack to me, dear old Jack Butler, the best fellow ." Butler 1 Butler 1 I surely know that name. Let me think. Why God bless my soul," whispered the stranger exoitedly, " it cannot surely be possible. Tell me, does yeur friend come from Ireland ? " He does. He is one of the Butlers of Kilkenny." The man stared at me, and then at Jack as if, in sheer amaze, he could scarcely believe the le evidence of his senses; " are you sure ? " he whispered at last," Jaok or rather John Butler, youngest son of Reginald Butler cf the Elms near Castlecomer ? " " The same, I am his cousin, and know him to be." Bat why ? "I asked, as much surprised as my questioner. " I'll tell you by and bye," he replied hurriedly; and in fact there was no time for further converse then, as the train with a warning shriek was slowing for Albury, and But my new friend contrived to get the Beat next me on the box of the omnibus, that in those days connected the New South Wales Terminus with the Victorian one at Wodonga, and during the two miles drive imparted to me something which set my blood surging through my veins, and which almost caused me to sing aloud in a very rapture of delight. " And mind," he said at parting as he wrung my hand warmiy, and pressed into it a card bearing his name and address in Melbourne, " The day after to-morrow is Christmas day, you come and dine with me. Say nothing, but bring him with you, and please God there ehall be to more than one heart, a truly happy Christmas. I remain here until to-morrow. Don't forget. The old fashioned mid-day dinner, one sharp." How I ever retrained from bursting into song, how I abstained from flinging my arms round dear old Jack's neck and tellrng him all I had learned at any moment during that long railway ride to Melbourne and the next two days, I hardly know, but I did, and verily I had my reward. But Christmas Day came, and I must carry out the programme. At first Jack did not want to go, Dut I insisted; nay, made it a personal matter that he should, and he gave w a y- - . " But why are you so anxious for me to dine with this person ? " he asked diffidently. ' Ah I Jack, dear boy, if you only knew 1" You seem .strangely moved, Larry," he said; "have been for the last two days. What is it, old chap." " Good news, old boy; great nows, glorious news. Why, Jack, pluck up heart of grace, and smile as you shall smile before this day be done, or I'm a Dutohman. What 1 Jack Butler going to eat his Christmas dinner with the face of a mute at a funeral. Not so; remember the words of your favorite Longfellow, " Be still, sad heart 1 and coaso repining; Behind the clouds is the sun stfll shining, He smiled wearily and said, "True; but not for me, Larry, not for me." To which I returned the vague ambiguity, " We shall see At half-past twelve we started from the White Hart Hotel, where we sojourned, to walk to our friend's house in East Melbourne, and I thought it time to prepare Jaok for what to him would, I doubted not, be the most pleasant surprise of his life. " Supposing you oould have what you wished for on this gracious day, Jack, what would it be," I asked. " Suppose, suppose, suppose the heavens were to fall. What's the use of supposing ? " he said. " Well, bat suppose." " Larry, old friend, I have nothing to wish, nothing to hope for; with me even hope is now dead." "Hope is never dead; hope cannot die, What says the poet 1 ' Hope springs eternal in the human breaBt.' V " Yes," he replied bitterly," but finish tbe oouplet, 'Man never is, but always to be, blest,'" , " Ezaotly—always to he blest—and you ^ew old ohappie, shall be blest, and that sooner than you .anticipate," He atogped. and looked me straight in the \-- " What do youmean, Larry ? " ha Baid. There has been something strange about you for the last'day or two that I cannot make " What is it?" Wait and see," and with that for the moment he Tiad to be content. We arrived at the house we wore bound for as the post oflice clock was booming one. Evidently we were expected, for our friend opened the door himself even as I rang. " Have you told him ? " he said to me. " No," I replied; " I have left that for you to do, Mn. TnOMrsoN." " Mr. Thompson I " said Jaok hoarsely, staggering and turning pale. " Great God I Is it possible that " " Everything is possible. As the angelic choir sang nearly, nineteen hundred years ago, so I say now, " Behold, I bring you tidings of great joy 1" "And she—Beatrix—?" gasped Jack 1 faintly. "Go" into that room. She is expecting you." " Jack looked at our host like a man in a dream, hut he opened the door of the room denoted. A moment, and there was a great ecstatic cry, as Mr. Thompson, closing the door softly, took me by the arm, and with suspicious moisture in his eyes, led me away, saying, " I think we've managed that very nicely, bat wa are no longer needed here. Come into the dining room and we'll drink their healths. I've bad dinner delayedfor half an hour, as I thought they might have something to say to each other, and in the meantime I'd like to have a crack with you." It is night, I lay down my pen. My story is finished. And, yet hardly so, for even now, another Christmas Day, I have received letters from home, sent up from my office. Some of them I lay aside to read later, but one I open, I know the handwriting, and read. Part of it runs thus:— „ Walton Court, Castlecomer, Ireland. "DearLarry,—' For so Jaok insisted on my calling you; this will, as we calculate, reach you in far away Melbourne about Christmas, ments of the season. We bad your last letter in due course, and were glad to hear that my brother, Maurice, was getting on so well. As you will see, we are settled in the old house; Dnele Thompson bought it, and insisted on making it over to me as a wedding portion. We have just been to the Elms. You will be glad to learn that papa and mamma are well. Ted has at last got his captaincy, and George has a good appointment as manager of an iron works at Gefle in Sweden. Ellen has had another, a girl this time, who is to be called after me ; and Kate is to be married next month. He is one of the Powers (Charles) of Abbeyleix, not far from here, and is a barrister in fair practice. Baby—you know,, we have called him Lawrence—is well and thriving. He is the loveliest and most wonderful, &c.;, &c.;, <fec." (Hero comes half a page about the baby, and a few lines about other matters, which I will, if you please, skip). " Jack writes you by this mail. Oh Larry 1 dear Larry, do you remember thai Christmas Day ? I am sure you do. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Is the wish and prayer of the happiest woman in Ireland. BEATRIX BCTLEB." Of course there is a postscript, but the words swim, and the lines seem blurred. I cannot read. I walk softly to the window and look out. It had been a wet evening, but " the rain had ceased to fall, the sky had cleared, save where the fleecy rack sped across it, and the moon was shining brilliantly in the heavens," just as it did on that eventful Christmas night on the shoulder of the Wakalipu range in 1870, when I pointed it out to Jack as an omen of ;ood fortune, the good fortune that came indeed " After many days." THE ESD. 