MRS HAMPSON'S MISSION. i FOURTH NIGHT. Last night Mrs Hampson delivered her fourth 'address in connection with the above Mission, in the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, at 7 '30. The church was1 crowded with an attentive and appre ciative audience. Pastor Hiddlestone presided at the cabinet organ, and the choir gave some beautiful selections with their usual taste uuu jjicuimou ui vuie. On the platform we noticed the Revs. C. Price, Bird, W. Law, Cock, and others. At 7*20 the choir commenced singing selections. At7'30 Mra Hampson gave out the 439th' hymn, which was sung by the whole congregation. '.'After prayer had been offered up by Pastor Wilfiamsori, of Perth, the 16th hymn was sung. Mrs Hampson then read from 5th chapter of the Epistle to ; the Romans, which dwelt upon faith as Exemplified by Abraham, who, without reasoning _or .asking questions, did what GocT told him and caused him to be named 1 ' The Father of the Faithful.' She. explained how by suffering the diatli on the cross our Saviour expiated our offences and the grave could not keep Him. He rose from the tomb. There had been men who had died for the other. They had heard of a Damon and Phydias, end of the devoted slave at the City of Refuge. These were rare instances of human love. God painted these rare in stances as a back ground. Some would die for a righteous man, but Christ Bied for us . while we were yet sinners. Much more then being justified by his blood shall we be saved from the wrath to come. The price for pur salvation was a full one, the blood of our Saviour. By faith they took hold of the receipt of their salvation. It was by our actions that we could show the faith that was in us. The 424th hymn was then sung ' When I survey the wonderous cross.' Mrs Hampson offered up a short prayer prior to her address, asking for 'help inter work and assistance in giving Utterance to the truths she proposed revealing. Mrs Hampson said her message would be found in the Kith chapter of Romans, and the 14th verse. She said Saul the persecutor became Paul the 'preacher. The motto of Paul's life was 'to glory In the cross. She wanted them to take their stand as p£ul did by the cross. Paul said he was not ashamed, but many persons in the '?world were — the rich often were, for they | gloried in their riches. The wise, too, were sometimes ashamed of it because it 'put their wisdom to shame. The wise wan was too proud to go to the A.B.C. of Christ, but they must begin like a child at -the commencement. So people turn away and perhaps mock at it. The great, too, (.urn away because they have to clasp i hands with the humblest of the earth. A lo.3y of title said to her once after a 'meeting, 'Do you mean to tell me 'that I have to come to Jesus exactly ,-:the same as my footman or that -poor woman over there V' 'Yes, madam,' I said. She replied with curling lip, ' I am afraid then I must let it alone.' But ; eho changed in time and owned her ' nothingness. Young people, too, did not ?like .it. They thought they would b-j obliged to pull long faces and talk of ' Winding sheets and eternity. But she ' said there was no joy like the joy of j Jesus.' There was nothing that caused such a bubbling up of joy than the love of Jee.us. No one who over experienced this joy would ever care to go back to the .husks of their previous life. ' There was nothing rounded the face or gave more energy than this love. And to business men it would bring sunshine ?Jnto their lives. The young turned away 1 1 from the Gospel, because they made this , terrible mistake of supposing that the love of Jesus caused a gloom, instead of a sunshine, over their lives. They might read of mighty warriors, statesmen, and 1 poets, but there was the streak of human ambition to. mar the lustre of the crown, .but the, love of Jesus had no streak of self. It was divine. She begged of them to go to the Cross that night. The Gospel of Jesus Christ was God's, and therefore divine. It must be through the Holy Ghost that their hearts were touched. The mighty power of . the Creator was to be seen in ? ihe rolling of the sea, on the shore, in 'the wonders of nature, and in the faces of ' ' those around us. They could look up at ihe sun and the stars which have shone for so many thousands of years. But it was in the G«spel only she found God in a new light — the power to save. God '' could have annihilated and destroyed with one breath of his lips, but He comes 'and ten thousand times ten thousands can look up and say ' we believe.' She related a thrilling account of a slave who was bought from a Portuguese trader . and set free. The slave would not leave his deliverer ; he would follow him, and he tended him when he was ill unto death. ne never slept, but watched over him aud saved Ilia life. She referred t ) the slavery of drink. No reason could overcome this slavery, only the Gospel could save tliem from it. She was not ashamed of tho Gospel of ChriBt, 'because it was the salvation that washed whiter th.m snow and rolls her over the billows of temptation and perhaps persecutions of those around her. She could not tell them what she had escaped from by salvation. It was impossible to describe the bjessings which i t had secured for hi r. The suul laugl s .-it d.atii. A dear friend told her when dying that death was not a dark va'.iey ; there was no bitterness in it. Whin she saw to- day what the Gospel bad done she was not ashamed, but gloried in it to think how it had purified and saved sou's, and she could look forward and see what it would yet do. She asked them if they were ashamed of it 1 She begged of them to write the Gospel on their actions in their country houses, workshops, aud pla es of business. It was one thing to believe and another to act up to that belief, and how different to come out from the world and take +lieir place amongst those who confessed their faith. If 'hey did not accept this Gospel they would be crushed at the L«*t Day. They would pray some day, but they would — they would — they would — khe said. Si.e related a pereimal experience of her own, of a sohooifeliow who married an infidel, and be lieved in her husband's theoiy, but when she was dying, and asked her hus band to telljher there was no soul, and that when she died the grave would be the end. Her husband fell on his knees, and cried, 'God have mercy on us both,' He was humbled. If there were any un believers amongst them, she begged of them to throw off their unbelief before it was too late. Jesus begged of the vilest to come to him, it mattered not how vile, if they came to him and believed they would be saved. At the close of her most impres- : sive and heart stirring discourse, she knelt down and prayed with much fervour. The singing of a hymn brought the meeting to a close. A number re mained for a second meeting of prayer. Many also sought Mrs Hampson in tho enquiry room. 