1384\. JOHN WICLIFF. 1884: A ; Quincentenary; Memorial. By the Rev. Robert Steel, D.D.;! Sydney. III. It was 'in his last days that Wicliff became a Religious Reformer. He directed his atten- tion mor'e to the study of the Holy Scriptures when. he' became a'DoctorofDi vinity in 1372.' but; as wei have seen, he was occupied with the politico-ecclesiastical question of the Grown against the Pope. This led him, however! to consider the whole question of the Papacy in the Christian Church. From the year 1378, till 1381, he slowly arrived at the conviction that the. Papacy had no authority in Holy Scripture, and that it would be better for the" Church to dispense with both Popes who then" reigned. His labours for the i translation of .the Scripture into the English of his day must have" made, him very familiar with' the Divine !Word,iand.he .was thus led to compare ' the' dogmas: of . the; Church', with the Oracles of God.. In. 1355, he translated the Book of- . Revelation. He next attempted the Gospels with .a commentary; He then translated the Epistles, and revised ' his Apocalypese. The- work had been carried on- more or less re- , gularly amidst . his other labours. The' New1) Testament was completed in 1380. He then entered upon the Old Testament,! in, which; he., had. the, .assistance1 of a ., devout scholar, Nicholas of : Hereford. , . This, friend had ad vanced as far as the Book of Baruckr in the Apocrypha, when ho was called away and had to ieaye England for his safety.; The original MS of , Nicholas, is . extant '.in: the ; British Museum. It is believed that Wicliff revised ' .the wprk done, and added .the remaining por tion, which was only; finished in 1384, "the year of his death. The: translation . was from the Vulgate, and is remarkable at once for its nervous English and its fidelity to the Latin of St. Jerome.. The style of the version is the noblest specimen of English in' the four teenth century, and surpasses all other literary works of Wicliff, and also all preceding Eng lish literature. It was a manuscript ; age. The printing press had not been then invented. Copyists had therefore to be set to work, and it is re markable how many were employed, and how industrious they must have been. Friends were raised up, as in Origen's days, to bear the expense of transcription. Fifteen copies of the Old Testament, and eighteen of the New of the original version remain to this day. All other MSS, which amount to one hundred and fifty, are of the revised edition which proceeded from John Purvey, after Wicliff's death. Common people as well as rich boughtportions of the Bible in English. A farmer is said to have given a load of hay for. a few chapters in English of St. Paul's Epistles Sir John Oldcastle, Lord Cubham, who, in his young and giddy days, was a favourite companion of Henry V., when Prince of Wales, became acquainted with the Bible by means of Wicliff's translation, and learned to abstain from sin. He was at con siderable expense in getting the Bible in Eng lish copied and circulated, and ho even main tained preachers to travel about to read it and make known Wicliff's doctrines. People used to meet at night in each others homes to hear the Bible read ; and many throughout Eug- land by this means embraced clearer views of Divine truth and of Christian life. The influence ' of Wicliff's Translation on the English language was very great. The late Mr. J. R. Green, in his able and popular work, f The History of the English people," : Bays : " If Chaucer is the father of our later English poetry, Wicliff is the father of our \- later.proBe. The rough, ready, homely Eng- ; lish.of his tracts, the speech of the ploughman and the trader of his day, though coloured with .the picturesque phraseology of the Bible, is, in. its literary use, as distinctly a. creation; of his own as the style in which he embodied it'; the terse vehement sentences, the stingiug sarcasm,- the hard antitheses which roused the', dullest mind like, a .whip.": Professor Lechler, . the German . divine and historian, ; wht> ; has- done so much to illustrate the life and opinions; of Wicliff, says, of the translation that " It marks an epoch in the development of the i English language, almost as much as Luther's translation does in the historyoLthe German tongue." The English Bible became a great educational force in England. " The grandest poetry?' says Dr. Stons, of New York, " be came its possession; the sovereign law, on which the blaze of Sinai shone, on which glared the serener light of Divinity from- the Mouut of Beatitudes., Inspired minds came out of the past — Moses, Davidj Isaiah, 'John, the man of Idumea, the man of Tarsus,. ; — toteach by the version- tho< long-neglected English mind. , It gave peasants the'privilege of those who had heard Elijah's voice in the \- ivory, .palaces,,. of those who had seen.: the-. heaven open, by: the river of Chebar, of those .whp.had, gathered;, before .the temple ;made with ; .hands which , crowned the Acropolis';; They looked -.into. the jfaces of apostles i and/ martyrs, of peers and kings, and walked; with Abraham. in the morning of-time. /.They stood face to face amid ,th,e,;eipagesj with One higher than. al|,; .and. , the,-, kin'gliest , life; ever Jived, on .earth-became; nearj and. supreme -to-the:, souls: who, had known no temper in rank;save that.of diadainirnodouch.'of ipow.er whiciifdid i not pppress.HrNot only again, in- lucid column" the .pillar; of. fifevinarshfdhd-.God's 'hosts ;. inot: only, again were -waters-di vided, 'and fountains made to-gush from rocks,: ! Angelic. songs we're-, ;hear,d once more aboyei the dafkened 'earthly; ' hills. ,; . Again; asiaforetime,: the -Lord of Glory : wal ked as a brother! fromv.Nazareth .and from > ; Bethany,, strewing , miracles i;in-, his,. .path,). yet. ' leading the ,timid (to. the mount Which burned ; with , peaceful. splendour, Chewing the penitent ; Hisrcross, -walking: fwith ; mourners: tovthe tomb. From the. paradise of -the past to the iparadise abo vej'the. vision stretched ; and;gates of pearl .were, brightly opened; above" the 'near and, musky, ekies;;; /The thoughts of .-men were carried up on the thoughts of , God, then first; . articulate; to ;them." . >The early English /tongue- iWasdift'ed.to.i.take in|heights beyond , the star's. Creation! Providence, /Redemption, appeared harmonised V with (.each , i other, .and; luminous . with eterhal/wisdom-; a. light streamed for- . ..ward!in;thethi8tbry,.,of .the world; ar brighter, i light Jn the: vast and (immortal, experience of the soul ; .thebandsof - darkness broke; apart; "arid the universe was effulgent with the'lustre ' of Christ 1 " /i; f During Wicliff's la'stdays, as his mind'was brighter with the knowledge of ; Divine, truth he saw. numerous errors in; the .Church of Rome; ; In 1381, lie hiid the boldness to chal lenge the inetribers -.df - the - University of. (Oxford to a.public discussion 'of 'the dogma ibf Transubstantiationl' He. posted/ his; pro- i.-positions ini the;, fashion of his! time. , None -dared . the; enepuntpr/ j j.but ';tliepCbancollor of .theiiUniyersityi.and HitwelveLdoctors rnet in coriclaye and! passed 'judgment 'on !him as a heretic, i.fbr.idonying the/ corporal- presericb of- Chrisi in the -Eucharist., They declared! " that, if- any one of i. whatever degree; state, orvcon- dition, should -.-in .-future , teach-i this heresy; either in or out of i the schools, - he sliould -be ; suspended from,; all isoliolastic functions, be ;8ubiebted-> to . the', greater excommunicated, and; be.impri8oned.''! ; ' The day: when Wicliff was lecturingito his students,'. this: decree;, was brought': fco, hiin. . Wlien the- paper ' was;; read, enjoining; silence under, pai n:, of i mprisonmentt and . excommunication, ; he, felt, overwhelmed . tor a moment, but ho; rallied; an'd sriulj " You ought first to have shewn; me'-that I: am - in . error." He appealed to ; the Kiag and the Parliament of England. Archbishop Courtonany, who. had reached 1 the primacy, summoned: Wicliff to a Synod to meet 17 th May, 1383, at -the Monastery of?', the Blackfrtaro, London. When tlio Synod met an earthquake occurred whioh frightened the members, and caused some to demand an adjournment; but "the Archbishop: presided,, and got ten of Wicliff's propositions con demned as heretical, and sixteen more as erroneous. The Parliament met- in Novem ber, and Wicliff made his complaint there; . . He was successful; The Parliament repealed' the persecuting edict of the hierarchy, then-'/' supported by the King. The Arch bishops - > next called a Convocation to meet at Oxford. Wicliff appeared, and defended his theses on-' Transubstaritiation. He askod them with, whom they were contending? Was it with' an old- man on the brink of the grave Y'V; "No," said he, "it is with Truth. Truth:.. which is stronger than you and will overcome you." " Magna est Veritas el prevalebit 1 " H Saying these noble words, worthy: alike ! of : Luther, and Knox, and worthy of himself as - champion of Truth, he left the Synod and -! retired from Oxford to Lutterworth. The : phrase is a watchword for inquirers still. Some time after this he received a summons from the Pope to go to Rome and answer for his opinions. He was unable to go, as he! was : attacked by paralysis in a slight degree. But he wrote a letter of, excuse, courteous but yet i faithful, with a vein, of satire. The Pope, he assumes, does not follow worldly-Lordship;; ' ; and exhorts all his priests to follow ? his: i- example, and feed the Church of Christ with the Bread of Life; The -Pontiff .must have read this with some wincing; if, not with wrath against Wicliff. :- - / There was then no Act; of Parliament iiin - ' England for burning heretics. England seems to have been the only country! in- Europe - where such an . Act was necessary to punish' heresy. In other lands the Church had greater.; power, and got civil, magistrates to- do its bidding; But as yet the Reforming party 'in .the House of Commons was stroug. Richard - r- II. did not approve of: 'extreme measures.1 ,His'Queen,-Anne.of Bohemia,: was a reader of1 the- Bible of .Wicliff in 'English, and ; of :tha Gospels in- Bohemian. !! : ! : Wicliff was' allow'ed to retire-to' his rectory " " /at Lutterworth, where he spent! tlie 'two ire- ' maining years of liis -life/in translating the Old iTestameht: He preached1 regularly: in' the parish Church. Over- tliree 1 hundred- of his- : sermons remain in ; MS: i The schism of the ; Papacy was also favourable to the Reformer's peace. When Pope was denouncing: Pope, ' , and a crusade proclaimed against one another, ' and Europe began to ring with the clang-of arms, -Wicliff -waB unmolested. - He was- busy at his work; writing.-and translating. i' On- -the; " -29th Decembar, 1384, while muas waa cele- brated - in: his .Church, ' he'' was --struokflwith'?' paralysis'for-the second' time, 'and on the<lasto;: day. of the.year he gave up the ghost: - ' - m i . , 1 Admirable-!! Bays/the quaint-Fuller " that'- a hare 'so1 often huriteH Hwithdso'' many packs'''-'! ! of dogs should die at last quietly sitting ' in1 i: his chair.!';. He was iburied in ithe chancel ofi the- Church at Lutterworth; - .'But -forty years - (-after his death, the General Council at-'Con---' stance, which burned John' Hu8S,-and- Jerome of Prague, denounced Wicliff their great' ? teacher as a heretic; aiid ordered his bones to ! be disinterred and -burnt.; . The sacrilege was committed , in ' th'e ihame of /religion, -arid his cremaiuB were exhumed arid put iii the- fife aridi : scattered into >:aslic-s. - -Fuller says :r- "The .ashes of Wicliff -were thrown into thuswift; ..the swift conveyed. thLmi" into tlie A vonj-tlie-- ' -Avon into /the - Severn; 'the Severn into the unarrow seas, they into the main ocean. And - 3 . thus the-ashes of Wicliff are the emhlem- ot ! his doctrine,' which is now dispersed all the <' jworld over." A fit tribute to the first Eng- :: ilish'Protestant and. Reformer.— At this dis- tance of space and time we bear testimony - : to its truth in Australia. : 