Notes on Current Events. The debate last -week on the immigra tion vote elicited, as usual, riot a few selfcontra dictory statements Iroin the opponents of that item in tlie a.-nrm^i expenditure. Nothing had been heard for a while back respecting the unemployed; but, in the light of cer tain honourable gentlemen's eloquence, that familiar ghost tralked again, even as, .ac cording to the superstition, the vampire is periodically resuscitated by the beams of the moon. Having ceased, to haunt the statue, it might have been hoped that the former spectre ?was effectually laid, but Mr. Abigail -was in a position to inform the House that it was still visible, and in an unmistakably ' questionable shape.' As to the particular sense, however, in which it fulfils the latter condition, there is room for two very different interpretations. In reply to the member for West Sydney's pathetic account of the applicants for -work by whom he' was besieged, Mr;- Burns expressed his readiness to find employment for 1000 men, provided that he had to deal with people who were not merely in search of Government billets. La like manner spoke Mr. Abbott, though limit ing his enumeration of the prospective candidates from 200 to 300. Mr. Abigail scornfully re minded him that he had defeated his own state ment by iixing the standard of pay at 30s per week for services thus procured. Well, 30s is not a great deal ; but so long as that wage can be had for the asking, the point of Mr. Abigail's retort is not strikingly apparent ; neither, it may be added, is much sympathy likely to be felt for the ' many' who, as Mr. Lutteonibe avers, having tried the country, ' have returned broken-hearted to town.' Epidemics of all kinds are alarming ; but, per haps, their most objectionable form is the recent visitation of abortionism. The subject is a nasty one, but reference to it is unavoidable. Four coroner's inquests within a few days on victims to operations performed for .the purpose of prevent ing children coining into the world, is of itself a fact so prominent that it is useless to ignore it. The evidence in each case lias been published, so far as it is presentable ; and the details which have been suppressed cara be easily imagined by the readers of the daily papers. How far the per sons committed on charges of wilf &1 murder are guilty or not, is a question for. trial, and therefore we do not refer specially to any of the cases. But it; is impossible to avoid noticing one point. All these attempts to procure abortion have been made by the persons immediately interested, and the motive, so far as it is apparent, was to prevent nature taking its course. There are people who hare read various books on the subject of preven tion of increased 2'opulation, and who probably consider that they are justified in using any means for that end. Now, any work which is worthy of notice discusses the question of popu lation from a philosophical point of view. Given a certain extent of country, and a certain number of married people, and according to the ordinary ratio of propagation, the people will soon become too numerous for the country, nnd starvation and crime .must be the. consequence. Eeduce this ratio, and these evil results will be avoided. That is the whole theory of Malthus and his disciples, and nothing in* it seeks to justify the destruction of an unborn infant. To prevent conception is one thing, to destroy that which has been conceived is another altogether ; and though arguments may be adduced to justify the first cause, there are aljsolutely none in support of the other. Yet there is every reason to surmise that the cases which have uow been published are only unfortunate samples of a practice which is tolerably general. As of old, the fault is not to do wrong, but to be found out. There are probably few medical men in practice, and fewer dispensing chemists who have not been consulted with a view to remove the work of the past. On this matter, as ou certain others, the whole truth cannot be mentioned or published. One result, however, must come out' of the recent inquests, quite aparb from, the i!ate oi tlie accused, whatever that may be. It is that a lesson is taught all round — to patients and their friends as to practitioners and druggists. What that lesson is we need not state here ; it will suffice if it be understood and taken to heart. Something like an epidemic in the way of criminal outrages on. women seems to be raging just now throughout these colonies ; Sydney, Mel bourne, Adelaide, and Brisbane contributing, in tolerably equal proportion, to the infamous record. The latest occurrence of this kind reported from Adelaide is specially remarkable ss furnishing what, for the credit' of our common manhood, is, it is to be hoped, a rare instance of cowardice on the part of a husband. A Mr. and Mrs. Edgecuinbe were, it appears, walking on Sunday night through the park lands leading to the city, as°they had lost the last train. They were ac companied by two young men, who pretended to show them the nearest path to Adelaide, but who had a very different object in view. One of the fellows asked the other for a revolver, and the bare mention of such a weapon so scared Edge cumbo that he rau off at' once to find the police, leaving the unfortunate Mrs. Edgecumbe to take her chan.es of what might follow. Her natural protector being so easily got rid of, both rascals ravished her. If the facts be really as-they are stated, the crime which has been com mitted, atrocious as it is, will probably excite less indigna'iion than the conduct of the miserable poltroon, who evidently thought his ovn safety a more important matter than the honour of Ms wife. - The temporary draftsmen employed in ths Lauds Department have a good case, and they have put it well and fairly before the Minister. Nominally they have no position whatever in the public service. Practically they are in permanent employment, and all they wish is that when they are practically permanent their -position should be recognised- At present in. case of additions required to the establishment, new men could be taken on, and the claims for length of service of the temporary draftsmen wholly ignored. More than this, they are liable under the new Act to be sent out to ohe country for an indefinite time, io. consequence of which they will have to break up their homes, with no certainty that their new situations will be secured to them. Mr. Famell fully admits that the case is one of great hard ship, though he cannot find out who is responsible for leading the draftsmen into their present difficulty. One thing was clear, that a temporary draftsman must be one who knows his profession ; while a man on the permanent staff is taken on asaca let, and the State teaches him -iig business, and increases ^»g salary as it makes him more efficient. So far as cadets are concerned, it is thp Tite Barnacle system over again, and the vicious plan of parliamentary patronage as against ability and merit. Mr. Farnell sets his iace against this, and lightly so. If- he finds a permanent mq.-p inefficient, he will disrate him in favour of an abler man on the temporary staff. This is something like justice ; and though it will be a shock to those who fancy that their billet is 'a joy for ever,' it is the only way in which the Department will be able to cope with the heavy work now imperatively necessary. There is some encouragement, too, in making it known that in the Survey Department the best man will win. Mr. Colin Macdonald has a grievance, and he has exercised the inalienable right of a Britisher to petition Parliament about it. What the grievance is does not appear very clearly from his petition. He has lost some time, and his wheat has brought him in £S less than he expected. But as he says, he 'does not grudge the loss, even if it k not recompensed in this world or the next.' HiB consolation is that he has got a con ditional purchase forfeited for fraud, whicH the officials never do. How he knows this is not quite bo clear, because he adds that 'as ordinary mortals could not read the latter, part of the com missioner's report, . it is an. open question whether he recommended the C.P. to be passed or forfeited.' ' Evidently, therefore, Mr. !Mac donald is nofc.an ordinary mortal, for . he i 'knows all that was done, and con proudly exclaim, ' Alone I did it.' In this exertion of patriotism he now demands something, sd~£ar as Ms .petition is intelligible, in the shape of compensation for his expenses, or a sort of testimonial of gratitude for having done something which the Lands Depart ment should do, but does not do. Doubtless the exertions of volunteers in exposing cases of fraud are valuable j but it would have been, much swre satisfactory if the petitioner in. this case had set out a few facts which would show why he was a volunteer. So far as his petition goes it seems to show that he took up this mysterious case purely from patriotic motives, in which case, as usual, virtue is its own reward. The charge of embezzlement of ship's cargo preferred against a seaman of the S.M.S. Mirza pore, at the Water Police Court, on Saturday, was rather out of the common category of such offences. A. surreptitious inspection of a gin or brandy case may, indeed, be quite in the way of a tar whose notions of the rights of property are, even to the slightest extent, of the advanced communistic order ; but breaking open a case of jewellery is a feat of altogether superior daring to any which the pifering pro clivities developed in the atmosphere of the fore castle are wont to aspire to. Yet skilfully as the operation of extracting a portion of the contents of the case would appear to have been con ducted, the thing seems to have been wanting in that secretiveness which ordinarily, according to phrenologists, is associated with an abnormal condition of the acquisitive faculty. He 'flashed' some of the plundered articles, before his shipmates, boasted of having lots of money, and so directly assisted in his own detection. The haul was no trifling one, as it amounted to about .£200 worth of property. A wit ness stated that the prisoner had confessed to him that he had jewels to the value of iMQ- or .£50 planted. With respect to the remainder of what was taken from the case, the probability is that it has been whacked out among accomplices, more prudent than the fellow who has been brought to justice. But perhaps the most striking, circumstance in connection with Vii« conviction is the. exceedingly lenient sentence which followed it— three months' imprisonment ! Why, hardly a week passes that does not see sailors punished with greater severity by magis trates for the most trivial faults committed on board ship. The opposition of the House of Lords to the Franchise Bill introduced by Mr. Gladstone is based on the fact that unless the assimilation of the town and country franchise in England be accompanied by a redistribution of seats the great Tory strongholds in the country will be handed over to the Badicals, and the House of Commons become more democratic than ever. This is one of the results of a great political and social revolution which has silently taken place during the last few years — a change which has completely altered tiie relations formerly existing between landlords and agricultural labourers. Hodge has learned to think and act for himself, and refuses to vote in accordance with the dictation of the squire or the clergyman. Worse than this, he has lost his reverence for the ancient aristocracy, and refuses to admit that dukes and earls and marquises have a better title than himself to the soil. In fact,- the great mass of English agricultural labourers have be come so strongly influenced by the teachings of democratic leaders that directly they are in pos session of the franchise they are almost certain to use their votes in securing the return of Radical candidates in preference to the represen tatives of aristocratic families. 