FICTION. (From English, American« nod othir Periodicals.) PART 2.-CHAPTER XX. {Contmued) " Wo will not go to a hotel, mademoiselle," be ex- plained, "for that will necessitate registering our Barnes, and as I have already hired a furnished house, ead a matron to over look it, we will drive directly there, and good Mrs. Griggs will see that your wants are duty attended to. By acting thus, our actions will be kept secret, and the man We are tracking will not learn that we are in London, should chance have »ade our names familiar to bim." Mignonnette coincided with his views, and leaned back in the cushions, thougtfuliy staring into the Mioy streets as though ahe half expected to see Mr. Bucarelli's yellow f nee and angular body start up out of the storm and confront her. But if she cherished this hope, it proved to be a Twy vaia one f for the half- dozen figures they en- countered on the way-gliding along like spectres through the fog and rain-bore not the slightest re- semblance to the steward of Glandore ; while the truth was, that Mr. Bucarelli was at that moment bud at work in Mr. Thorndale'e city mansion, ripp- ing up carpets, turning over pictures, and tearing open furniture, in a vain bunt for oertain documents na would almost have given his soul to find, and 'the hope of obiaining which had been his principle motive for asking the keys from his master that sight of the tragedy in the library at Glandore. Ter» rapidly the cab rattled on, swung out of the' business tborougfares into the broad streets of the aristocratic quarter and went clattering away in the direction of West End, Mignonnette gave up .taring into the storm, for to pedestrians were .broad here, and there was a calm,'cold,'stately grandeur about the place, "even the tempest could not wake to any semblance of life when the "Lon- don season" WBB not In. On past the grand old mansions, under the flaring lamps, and the angry .ky, the carriage rolled ; and where it was stateliest and calmest, and grandest, rattled up to the curb »hd'eamb tlo a dead halt, Before them stood a tall, gloomy looking building -gloomier than ever in the night and the storm, end directly opposite arose a magnificent structure of spotless wbitö marble with imposing colonnades lining the broad steps, and leading to a facade, en- graved with armorial bearings you could not make out in the darkness, where nymphs in Italian marble beld clusters of lamps that were not lighted, and looked like tali, white ghosts in that eerie light. Cabby sprang down from bis box and opened the door of the venicle, while Mr. Dimisdale assisted the little cripple to alight, and then carefully led her up the wet and slippery steps giving the bell a violent pull by way of rousing Mrs. Griggs from ber peaceful slumbers. The housekeeper bad been duly Warned that very morning to expect them at any hour, and she bad evidently thrown herself upon the bed without undressing, for in a minute after the summons had been given, she made her appearance, looking flushed and sleepy-eyed, but attired ready to receive them, and muttering a faw words of expla- nation, Mr. Dimisdale led the little cripple in, while nig kinsman remained behind to settle with the cab mian, When the door had closed behind his cousin, and good Mrs. Griggs bad waddled away to prepare a Chamber for Mile. Mignonnette's reception, Mr, Kars- lake alighted and felt for his purae. " Well, my good man, how much am I indebted to you f" be a«ked, quietly, and cabby touched his cap, " Six shillings, sir," he answered, rubbing his palms together, and eying the plethoric wallet Mr. Karslake produced. " It aren't too much, sir, are it," " I think not," Mr. Karslake said, running over the toll of bank notes, and looking vainly for something ?mall enough to meet the demand. " Hello 11 wasn't aware I waa BO short of change. I'll have to call my friend to the rescue. I've nothing smaller than a five-pound note." - He had started toward the steps as he spoke, but tabby touched him gently on the arm. " You needn't bother, sir," he said, " I can change the note, if you like." And in proof of the fact, he drew out a fair-sized 1*11 of bills and a handfal of loose silver. Mr. Kara lake tendered the five-pound note, and looked at him In aurprse as be counted out the required change, He wasn't prepared to see such an exhibition of money from a Bourse that ia proverbially " short," .nd he could not help remarking it, "Cab-driving seems to pay well in London, my friend," he smiled, " I had no idea it waa Buch a lucrative calling," " Lor', sir, nor ia it," remarked cabby, dropping the Change into Mr. Karslnke's palm, and rolling the five pound note up with the others, "It's only when a covy is hon time hin a hemergency that there's hany show o' makin' the needful. 'Tother times it's 'ard enough, I kin tell you, I was clean up and stumped two days ago, but larst night I made a rise Beskied a young woman from a paspel of roughs as vas A Chasin' hon 'er, an' say s she to me, SBys she : " Cabby drive me to Glandore 'Onae afore daybreak, an' I'll gie ye twenty pun I' Twenty pun hain't made hevory night bin tber vaek, yer honor, I kin tell yer ; BO the hull on it VOB, OB I d,d the vork» »rid ano corned down wi' the ready. It vos a tough Chase too 1 for I picked 'er hup jest houteide o' the * Burrer,' a leetle arter four o'clock, Brid made the ïun to this werry spot afore day was fairly hup That's Gladstone 'Ouse right across the vay-if yer don't know it-that tall white buildin' wi' the pillar, on' lampe, an' th' etatchers-and I arak yer it that taren't a bit o' travelin' as the nogs bought to be proud of P" Mr. Karslake bad scarcely heard the final words. At the mention of Glandore House and the Borough all the color had drifted out of his ead old face and left it white as marble. "One moment, my friend I" he breathed out, husk- ily. " Tell me more of this- you will find me quite as liberal as your former passenger, if you only tell me the truth. This lady you picked up-what was she like f Was she young or old F well-dressed or ehaoby P Speak ' quick, man-in mercy, . speak, quiek I" " Lor', sir, I couldn't no more tell vat she vas like nor I could count the spots hon the moon,' 're- sponded cabby, briskly, " eos as '<iw she vore a thick veil; but *er voice vas yoting sotindin'-like, and shivered like 'she vas ekeered, and 'er dress vas werry old and dirty-gray, or black, or brown; I don't erzactly recall vitch now, sir." Mr. Karslake caught his breath with one great gasp of joy. It was not so much cabby's very vague description of the woman that Iel light into the dark- ness as the connection of circumstances and the men- tion of Glandore House. J "Secure your horses to the lamp there, my good man," he uttered, huskily, " and follow me into the bouse, I wish a few moments' conversation with you regarding this woman. It is in quest of her I have come to London. I-I am a .relative- ¿ive me the full particulars, and you shall have no reason to complain of my remembrance of the favor." Cabby was only human, gentle reader, and the re- ward held out by Mr. Karslake tempted him to leave his vehicle for a few moments and follow him into the houee. Trembling in every limb, Mr. Karslake closed the door|behind bim, and led the way to the parlors, Mile. Mignonnette and Mr. Dimisdale were seated there, and they looked up in surprise as cabby-hat in hand, and his dripping garments making little pools over the carpet-was ushered in, but in a very few moments Mr. Karslake made tbem acquainted with cabby's marvellous story. The most intense ex- citement prevailed. Mr. Dimisdale walked to the window, tore aside the curtains, and glared through the night and the storm at the white walls of the building opposite. Mile; Mignonnette grew very hysterical. Mr. Karslake began plying the man with all sorts of question, and cabby, who was the only cool one io the whole party, broke into volumes of explanation, which, despite its broad cockney dia- lect, resulted in a concise account of how he had been stopped by Madolin in the dark passage, how she bad told him she was pursued by ruffians, and begged hi in to loee no time in driving her to the Glandore House. " I did it, yer 'onor, jest as I tole yer," finished the man, " but I never got so much as one look at 'er face, eos as 'ow she kept 'er wail down. But one thing I did see, and it struck me kinder curus-like, seein' as she'd tole me she vas a servint and vas dressed in such bloomin' ole togs, and thBt vas : Ven she paid me the twenty pun, I noticed as there vas a hopal ring hon 'sr right'and 1" "Tis she, tis she!"uttered Mignonnette, with a joyful cry. "The ring was a quaint old jewel I bjught in Milan and presented to her with my own hands 1 Ob, Madolin-sister, darling-it is light at last !" She rose as she spoke, and tottered to the window. " It is under the roof of that stately pile, then, our darling is a prisoner 1" she uttered, with a little sob, " but with Heaven's help day-dawn shall see her free if tblre if justice in Britannia's laws I" A rumble of wheels broke in upon her passionate words ; a low vehicle came rattling down the street, and paused before the manBion of Glandore. The next instant, a brawny fellow sprang down from the seat, fished a large basket from his wagon, and ran up the rain-wet steps. " See, see, how wily her captor is I" uttered Mign- onnette, breathlessly. "Provisions are carried to him in the dead of night'whila the world without sleeps, yet, with Heaven's help his secrecy will be all in vain. Draw back, gentlemen-draw back in the shadow of the curtains and watch. Hark I the heavy bolts are being drawn-the door swings open -a figure is there." A crash of thunder struck the stormy gloom, a blaze of lightning illumined the deaerted street, and with a cry of thankfulness Mignonnette staggered back. " 'Tis he-'tis Filippo Bucarelli himself 1" she panted, breathlessly, " and we have indeed run the tiger to his lair. No need of waiting now ; no need of rest to-night, lest day-dawn sees our darling borne away. Go, sirs, go. The cab is waiting still-use it in Madolin's cause, Away for the police at once. Glandore House mrst be entered to-night, and jus tics be done by the law's strong arm," And with something of the old dramatic fire that bad made her famous, the little actress waved them to the door, 