CHAPTER 111. In the middle of the night, when the whole village was wrapped in sleep, there came a Budden sound of roaring flameB, a .noise of crackling timbers, a strange ruddy glare which tinged the whitewashed walls ol every cottage red as blood, and from house to house there rang from the startled labourers the terrible cry of fire! Half dressed, with boots unlaced, and heavy with the week's accummulation of MidlandBhire clay, many hatless, all coatlesa, the frightened clumsily shod mob of farm labourers chattered noisily up the lane, where some three hours pre viously they had parted from the swarthy visaged stranger, and there found Barn Abbey all in a fierce blaze. Handy water supply there was none, for Vane Treeham had upon sanitary grounds long since filled up the big pond which originally existed as a breeding-place for frogs and fevers at the rear ot the house. But at that stage of the fire, even had they a lake to draw upon, with their lack of engines and other appliances, the villagers saw at once that it was useless to attempt to save the place. The building was old, the woodwork was wormeaten and dry as touchwood, and the flames had got far too strong a hold upon every room to render it possible that so much as a chair or table could be preserved. Higher and higher the angry flames leaped, until all the country side lor miles around was lighted up, and Madge Harcourt's fair face was scorched in the fierce heat as she stood upon the lawn watching the fire with her father and a little knot of his parishioners. So for half an honr the work of destruction went on, and then there came a mighty crash, and a great fountain of sparks went darting upward to the lurid clouds, as the red-tilea root fell in, and a Bhort time after all that there stood left of Barn Abbey was a square of smoking walls, through wnose black and empty windows could be seen a smouldering heap of burnt furniture within. Then there came the enquiry—" Where was 'mad' Tresham? No one had seen him during the progress of the fire, and in the excitement of the hoar had never thought of asking after him. It is true the Hector had wondered for a moment why he had not joined the little group of whioh Madge and himself were the centre, but no donbt he was busy somewhere amongst the crowd endea vouring to save some few treasures of his priceless collection. The labourers, on the other Ihand, had they given the subject a thought, would have supposed Tresham to be with the Hector's party. But now the en quiry went up on every side—" Where was 'mad' Tresham ? Who had seen Mr. TreBham?" The cold grey light of dawn, alas, told only too truly that no one was ever again to see him; for in that charred heap, scarcely recog nisable as a once human body, lay all that was left of the Hector's old mend, and ac cording to the villagers' belief, Madge's stately lover. Vane Tresham had been bnrnt to death. With a strange mixture of fear, awe, and reverence, the men who now saw in this terrible end their worst superstitions sus picions fulfilled, qnietly lay a blanket over the poor little handful of cinders, and gave the half-melted blackened circle of gold wnioh had once been Vane Tresham's big sapphire ring to Miss Marjory. Of course there was an inquest, and equally, of coarse, the first person enquired for was the mysterious swarthy - faced stranger, whose presence in the village that Saturday night had been the theme of wondering speculation amongst the Barley Mow convives. There was no difficulty in finding him—he was passing the Sunday at one of the inns in the neighbouring town of Witherbridge, where on the following evening be was announced to give an enter tainment of an intellectual character in the local Mechanics' Institute. Directly he learnt the news of the fire at Barton, there fore, he calmly walked round to the Police Station and gave in his name as a witness whose evidence would certainly be required —" not, however, that he had much to telL" So there was no little stir in the big Club room of the Barley Mow, where the Coroner sat, when the policeman called the name of San Jos£: whereupon the stranger stepped np to the table and was sworn. He described himBelf as San Jos^ Tresham, a Mexican by birth, mesmerist, electro biologist, spiritualist, and mind-reader. "The devil?" muttered the Coroner under hiB breath—not, however, as adding another title to tbe witness's fonr, but as an involun tary expression of surprise at the revelation just made with regard to his surname. Bat Jabez Snodgers, one of the jnry, who sat very near to the Coroner and overheard his ejaculation, took it in its literal sense, and said to himself " There! wot did Isaay? I wish we woz all well out o' this; the very oye of him ma-a-kes my flesh creep!" Said the witness—1" The deceased was my father, thongh he did not know of my exist ence ; and I never saw him until the night of his death. Then, for the first time in our lives, we met. My mother was a Mexi can, whom the deceased married at a little convent church near Puebla de Iob Angeles thirty years ago. It was a clandestine marriage, for my mother's people would have killed her Bnglish husband had tbey known him to be such. The deceased was then, I have heard my mother say, a wonderfully handsome man, and in appearance about thirty-five years of ace. He told her privately, however, before their marriage that he was in reality fifty. They lived very happily in each other's love for a couple of months, though of course all their meetings were secret for fear of dis covery by my mother's people before their arrangements were completed for flight from Santa Crnz. "Where's that there plaace?" enquired Jabez Snodgers, scratching his poll. " Port in Gulf o' Mexico," replied Fortune Spindle from the other side of the table, " if you see what I mean." " JesEO," sententiously remarked the Coro ner, " order, gentlemen !" "The deceased," continued the witness, " was then engaged in collecting data about the legendary nidden cities of Yucatan, and in the course of his investigations was com pelled to take a long and perilous journey into the mountains. He was absent from Puebla de los Angeles nearly six months, and upon his return immediately sought the old priest, who had been their friend all through, to enquire after the welfare of the Donna Juanita, my mother. The Padre was away at San Cristo bal. My father, the deceased, hurried back to Puebla and made enquiries himself at the house of his bride's father. They told him she was dead, and that night as he wandered disconsolate in the cemetery outside the city, searching for my mothens tomb, a hired assassin plunged a dagger into his side and left him tor dead upon a newly made grave. " But the story of my mother's death was a lie concocted by my grandfather in his ra^e at the discovery of what he considered his daughter's disgrace. As to who hired the assassin I have nothing to say. It is hot necessary to my evidence here. "XJmph," said the Coroner with a doubt ful cough. Well, at any rate," continued the witness, "it did not cause the death of the de ceased, for after a severe bout of fever, in which he was Becretly nursed by the good old Padre, he gradually recovered his strength, and was one day qnietly moved down to Santa Cruz and shipped back again to Europe. That day I was born." " Ahem," said the Coroner, " this is—er, a most—I may say an uncommonly romantic family history. Mr.—er—San Jose Tresham, but what canyon tell as abont the fire!" "It's like a book ont of Miss MhijoiVs lib'ry," whispered Jabez Snodgers to his fellow jurymen, " one o' them there yaller back norvale. it ma-a-kes my flesh creep." " What light can yon show upon the fire, witness?" repeated the Coroner. "l-will onward with my tale and conclude aa briefly as I may, Mr. Coroner," answered San Job& "My mother died when I was fifteen years old, and on her deathbed told me the secret of her life. Since then I have wandered all over the western half of the world, for the past seven ye&re; lecturing as a spiritualist and mind-reader. Desirous of learning something about my father, whom I had always -supposed to be long since dead, and bearing that he had once resided in this neighbourhood, I came down to -this -village last Saturday night, and found to my snrprise, from the conversation of the very highly intelligent company assembled at the Barley Mow, that rpy father was still in the flesh. No sooner bad we separated (bowing to Jabez Snodgers, who shuffled his feet uneasily beneatb the table and seemed to" be calling np re membrances of the stranger's laugh)—no sooner had we -parted than I walked straight up to the door of the first house I came to, which proved to be that of Barn Abbey, I think you call it, with the view of enquiring Vane Tresbam's abode. My father came to the door himself; I knew him in a moment from the miniature which hung around my mother's neck as she lay in her coffin, and immediately the light of his lamp shone upon my face he started back with a stifled, gasping cry as if he had seen a ghost. " Juanita !"said he. . " No," said I, " Juanita's son. At last we meet, my father!" " I cannot, I will not believe it," said lie. "Go. No, stay. She—she is dead?" "Fourteen years ago," said I. " Fenrteen ?" said he. "Ah, now I know yon lie ; she died full thirty years ago." " You were deceived," I answered; and then he waved his band as a signal for me to enter his house, and there in nis study we sat talking fora full hour; but he seemed dazed, and though I should imagine him to have been a particularly bright, clear-headed man at ordinary times, especially for one of his years. " Remarkably so," interposed the Coroner. " Ah!_ but my presence and unexpected news evidently had startled him; he was con fused and hazy and dull of perception. 1 had to tell him the story of my mother's death three times over, and even then he scarcely appeared to understand it. At last he rose, and said, * You had better go now. 1 cannot ask you to stay here to-night, yon are young and strong, and the walk to Witherbridge is nothing to one of your age—and I am used to living alone.' Ana then, with some show of warmer feeling, he took my hand, and look ing me straight in the eyes, with a sad sort of smile, he said, 'don't think me lacking in hospitality or fatherly feeling, but the tale you have told me to-night is so strange that I must have time to think it over. Good night. Now go, and come again to me with your papers to-morrow,' I accordingly left him andreached the Wheatsheaf Innl Wither bridge, just as the clock was striking mid night. I remember noticing as 1 left his study, that the wood fire upon the open hearth was still bright, and made uo as though to burn for some two or three hours longer." Here ended the evidence of San Jos6 JTfesbam, and he, thereupon, resumed his seat. The landlord of the Wheatsheaf, Wither bridge, confirmed the last witness's statement as to the hour of his arrival at that hostelrie, and the mysterious mesmerist, electro biologist, spiritualist, and mind-reader was perforce acquitted of having had any band in the fire, although the Jury had entertained very strong suspicions of him previous to the recital of his personal narrative. Medical testimony it seemed almost use less to call, since the condition to which the body was reduced rendered it impossible for any doctor to state positively at what hour death had taken place, but bearing in mind the normal activity of the deceased, his qnickneBB of movement, his readiness of resource and his great physical strength and endurance, it seemed impossible that he conid have been quietly burnt to death in his i chair without a struggle to escape. Besides, be was not a man accustomed to fall asleep over his books or papers, but even had such been his habit, it was not at all likely that be would have given way to the weakness after such a recital aB that to which he bad lately been a listener. No, as the medical man opined and as the Coroner coincided, the probability was that Vane Tresham, tho roughly unBtrung and dangerously excited by the startling nature of the news imparted to him by his son, had sat np for some time deeply pondering over the strange story, and about 2 o'clock had been suddenly seized with a fit, and fallen into the fire, there to be bnrnt to death, and be the means of all his household's gods being burnt about him to form his funeral pyre. The Jury, therefore, were not long in arriving at their verdict of death by the visitation of God, thongh Jabez Snodgers always afterwards affirmed that in hiB opinion tne visitation was by quite a different Personage. So Vane Tresham died, and was buried, and San Josd Tresham his son went his way, mesmerising and mind-reading, and was seen no more in those parts. And the last clerical duty!which the good Rector ever performed was to read the burial service over the grave of his old friend; for a cold caught the night of the fire settled on his chest, inflammation of the lungs speedily set in, and in ten Bhort days he too had joined the great majority, and with Vane Tresham had solved the wondrous secret which they twain had in life so frequently discussed and vainly speculated about. Madge, therefore, suddenly found herself deprived of both father and companion, and possessed in lieu thereof of comparative wealth—for Vane Tresham's will, which for many years had been lodged with the Witherbridge solicitor, bequeathed all bis real and personal estate to "my dear and well- beloved friend, Marjory Harconrt." And the Rector also left all his personal estate—some £10,000 in the Funds—to his daughter: his son Cuthbert re ceiving the small real estate, and being otherwise fairly well provided for by his mother's portion and a respectable legacy from a bachelor uncle. Cathbert and Madge were therefore called upon to lay out some plan of their future lives. For three or four months after the Hector's death Madge lived with her brother at Crauford Grange, and then in the May following Cuthbert sold his farm to the Earl's steward, who had long looked upon it as a Naboth's Vineyard; and he and Madge engaged their passage for Australia with a view to embarking in the enterprise of eheepfarminc. Fortune Spindle, who, like Othello, found nis occupation gone now that bis old patron, the Rector, was dead and a new King had arisen who knew not Joseph— 'if yon saw what he meant1—had for a snort time been assisting Cathbert Hareourt with his accounts, and at his and Madge's invita tion gladly agreed to accompany them to Sydney. Thus, on their last Sunday in England, they all three attended the familiar old Barton Church, and after the close of the service, as they walked down the aiske, they turned at the oaken door to take one farewell look at the two white marble tablets, newly erected on either side of the great north window—the one on the right In loving memory of The Bev. Gwynneth Habcourt, M.A., for £0 years Hector of this Parish, who died 27 th November, 1680, aged 61. the other, on the left, amply— In memoriam Tare Trbsham, died 17th November, 1680. 