NEW YEAR'S DAY. Tim first of January, ISS t, passed off in a most •otisfactoi'y manner to all holiday-makers. Tin weather was very pleasant, an invigorating MlUtherly breeze blowing, which proved a marked contrast'to the sultry enervating weather of the previous few (lays. The holiday resorts in and ■iround the city wore largely patronised by those ,m pleasure bent, tlio Botanical Gardens and Rosa lind Park being dotted with many a pleasant little picnic party. Tho trains wero crowded with passengers, tho strain upon tho resources of tho department being very gre.it. Tho officials had ui exceedingly busy time of it. Everything, how ",vor passed otf without lmaliap, and when this '(•iet'i< i'-'iuidorcd in connection with tho rush of h ifidav makers from oarly morning tn closo on midnight, it will bo conceded that tho station m ister (Mr. Kanisay) and his staff are deserving ,,I credit. The following is a statement furnished 5' ,i,e juithmities Main lino (Melbourne and intermediate stations), 2,755; Echuca lino and in icnnedialo stations, 377; Tnglowood lino and in termediate stations, 1,217; Ballaat and inter mediate stations, 100; Mitiamo and intormodiato • i itiiins ; picnic to ITarcnnrt, 1,500; nii'iVe ' to Uridgowator (from Sandhurst, " "i00 from Eaglohawk, 750), 3,250; total, 0,31)7. i:iie last train from Melbourne arrived half an horn- iate, and was loaded with passengers, in ilu-ling a number of picnic parties, who woro picked up at various stations on tho journoy. Subjoined are tho various ovonts of tho day in THE = CALEDONIAN SOCIETY'S GAMES, j Tho seventeenth annual gathering in connection with the Order of St. Andrew, Scottish Constitu tion and tho twenty-fourth annual gathering since' the inauguration of tlio sports some twenty-, thr e years ago, was continued in tho Agricultural Society's Reserve yesterday. Tho annual gather ing has become as regular as tho Now Year itself •so far as Sandhurst is concerned, and Sandhurst would be very much unlike itself indeed at this festive season of the year were it without it. Of late years the sports have been made so deeply interesting by the introduction of so many different classes of events other than Scottish, that the interest taken in them is by no means merely by Scotchmen, lmt by Englishmen and Irishmen almost to as groat a degree as by tho descendants from tho Land o' cakes. This is as it should bo, for as long as tho time-honored compe titions carried on by tho Scotchmen are not curtailed, there is no reason why tho snorts cannot ho made to afford amusomont and enjoyment to Englishmen, Irishmen, «nd Austra lians. Of course it is nottto be supposed by this that the reels and strathspeys, tho Ghillio Calluin, and the tossing of the caber arc interesting only to Scotchmen. Very often tho.se events are more entertaining to an Englishman or an Irishman than a deeply interested Scotchman,-who perhaps views them in a rathor serious light. As a matter of course yesterday Scotchmen wore in abundance, but there "were no doubt many Sandy M'Tavishca on the ground who would tell you that thero avo not nearly so many men in tho prosent day who lion the kilt as thero wero in those good old days gone by. This is very true. Some of our boys have crown "so big now that thoy positively refuso to wear the kilts which they used to wear so regularly at Caledonian eatherings years ago. However, though thero may be a falling off so far as numbers are concerned, tho true Highland spirit romnins, and enterprise is not wanting. Add to this posses sion, the assistance rendered by many of the young Australian members of tho cominitteo in connection with the ordinary sports, and it must be adinittted that there is not much probability of the old-estab lished institution of tho " Caledonian gatherings" coming to the end of its tether so far as Sandhurst is concerned. Tho sports yesterday we're ex ceedingly good, and there were many gontlomen on the ground who lent invaluable assistance. Among others wero tho Mayor of Sandhurst, an ardent admirer of out-door sports, who always makes himself exceedingly useful at sports gatherings; Mr. A. Mack ay, M.L.A., xi hose attention was naturally confined to com petitions among his Scottish brethren, although lie aiso is a warm admirer of racing, bicycling, and other athletic exercises. Tho other judges aro mentioned in connection with the various events, and that they all did their work well is ovidoncod by the general satisfaction given. Mr. J. C. Stewart, the chairman, and the other members of the committee worked indef.itiga.bly, while tho industrious secretary, Mr. J. Piorco, and his obliging assistant Mr. J. Sawers, won golden opinions. Mr. Allsop should bo roferred to as having given tho spor ing events tho benefit of his experience; while Air. Broiln and othor gentlo nien wero also prominent in their movements. Tu addition to Mr. Mackay, Mr. Burrowes and Air. M'Coll, Ms.L.A., wero also pre sent. Other societies woro well represented, Mr. V. Malier, of tho Town Hall Hotel, representing tho Hibernians. During tho after ivmn about 5,000 people visited tho ground, including tho Rev. lather Gilsenan. During tho day selections wore rendered by Whitlam's baiid in good style. The luncheon, for tho benefit of the committeemen and others, was prepared by Mr. Com.ell, and attention at lunch time by Mr. Council's assistants was prompt, and much appre ciated. During tho aftornoon the boys from the iienevolent Asylum visited tho ground, having been allowed a free ontranco, and they woro taken in hand by that genial Irish gontloman, Mr. David O'Keefe, who would cortaiuly get a united vote from tho boys, of course providing thoy had votes in Barkly Ward, and that Mr. O'Keefe thought of contesting it. Mr. O'Keefo behaved in a most praiseworthy manner to tho boys, and along with Sir. Calvert, of Messrs. Maoplierson and Co., deserves much credit tor tho collection of some £3 which was spent in lemonade, lollies, and fruit for the youngsters. Mr. P. llavlin was also very' kind*to tlie boys. Tho old familiar face of Mr. •lames Browu, who is at present on a visit from Tasmania, was also to be j;eon on tho ground during the day, aud that gentleman received a warm welcome from people on all sides. The Caledonian Handicap was, of course, tlis loading event of tho day. Tho following were the results of tho first (120 yards) eventFirst heat—W. Craig, 4 yards, 1. Second heat—W. Lewis, S yards, 1. Third heat—H. Wostwood, 9 vards, 1. Fourth heat—J. Tabitoau, 8 yards, 1. Fifth hoat—J. Bunping, 0 yards, 1. Sixtli heat— 1'. Donnollan, S yards, 1. Seventh heat—J. Morris, 9 yards, 1. H. Roonoy, 11 yards, had a walk over for the oighth heat. Second round.—Eirst heat, W. Lowis, S yds, 1; W. Craig, 4 yards, 2. Second heat—J. Bunning, 0 yards, 1; J. Tabiteau, 8 yards, G. Morris) 10 yards, dead heat for second place. In tlio final heat the finish was very closo, Morris coming in first, Lewis second, and Tabitoau third. Time: 11 seconds. In tho first heat of tho Caledonian Handicap, 150 yards event, tho places woro J. Bunning, 10 yards, 1; M. O'Loughlin, 14 yards, 2; A. M'Slalion, 7 yards, 3. Time: 15j seconds. Second heat.—J. Tabiteau, 10 yards, 1; W. Lowis, II yards, 2; Jas. Morfis, 12 yards, 3. Time: 15 seconds. Thfl final lioat was run a few minutes after wards, and resulted as followsJ. Bunning, 1; J. Tabiteau, 2; and 0 as. Morris, 3. Timo: 15.', seconds. The 220 yards event was run at five o'clock. About a dozen entored, and tho result of a good race was —Morris, 15 yds, 1; Tabitoau, 12 yds, 2; Lowis, 12 yds. 3. Timo : 231 sees. Morris was consequently the winner of the handicap with 12 points,- Tabi teau with S points being second. Lewis and Bun ning tied for tho third prize with 5 points cach. l-'or tlie Cumberland wrestling' there wero fivo competitors. Tho first tussle was between \V. Baxter and W. Thomas, and resulted in favor of the latter by two falls to none. The next between .lames Baxter and W. Hetherington, was won by the former by two falls to none. James Baxter then mot P. Corner; and tho latter won by two falls to Baxter's one. P. Comer tlion mot Thomas whom ho defeated by two falls to none. The tirand Bicycle Handicaps wero interesting events. There were elevon competitors for tho three mile event. The race resulted as follows:—T. Carter, 525 yards, 1; R- Trengrovo, 350 yards, 2; R. M'Millan, 320 yards, 3. J. Busst and li. Came ron dropped out of the competition in consequence of spokes breaking, and H. Lenno sustained a severe fall in the loth round, and put his wrist »ut. This was unfortunate as Lenne stood well in the race at the time. Carter came in about a yard and a half in front of Trengrove. Tlio judges in tho bicycle eTents were Messrs. Keam and IT. Barker, and the time-keeper in -all the events Mr. W. Bradley. In tho fonr mile event Grand Bicycle Handicap, there wore eight competitors, and tho result was as follows':—R. M'Millu, 410 yards, 1st; J. Kades, S00 yards, 2nd; N. Keam, 590 yards, 3rd. Time—15 mins. Tho race was very interesting, and the competitors exchanged places several times. There wero altogether 29 laps. When completing the fifteenth round Trengrove fell, aud 1'p-tiU, who was closo behind, also fell over the first named rider and bicycle. Both were bruised, Upstiii especially, but neither were hurt other wise. Upstill though behind M'Millan was well np in tho race; and was going well at the timo of the fall, his riding being greatly admired. By points the positions taken were as follows:—Carter, 5 points; M'Millan, 5 points: Keam, 4 points; Trengrove, 3 points; and Eades, 3 points, l-'or tlie Ilalf-mile handicap there were six com petitors. Three of those entered for it dropped out before the finish. The result between the remaining three was as follows:—W. C. M'Gill, 45 yards, 1; H. Busst, 70 yards, 2; R. M'Grecor, ■15 yards, 3. Timo—4l" sees. The Members' Jlace, 275 yards, was won by .T. Pierce, who started .at scratch; Walkor, who received 30 yards, coming in second; and G. Bain, who re ceived about 75 yards start, secured third place. For the Mile Handicap Walking Match tlierer* wero seven entries. The following was the re :Jilt:—A. .Tewell, scratch, 1; A. Sannaman, 103 yards, 2;R. Cowling, 120 yards, 3. The race was I'-'ked upon as safe for A. Jewell, who has been the winner of similar events on previous occasions. Tho pipe music proved one of the lead ing events of tho aay. At a Scottish gathering such music naturally takes a prominent place, and its attractions yesterday were no less striking than they have hitherto been. To Highland ears no other music has such a powerful charm. It rouses the soul to enthusiasm. Its thrilling scream fills the celtic warrior _ with joy, and nerves "his arm*' to battle with irresistible power. Its plaintive cadences calm his excited feelings to rest, and its blithe and merry strains put life and mettle in the feet of dancers. There are few who play the pipes to perfection, but it is noticeable that each year _ at the Cale donian gathering there is a marked improvement amongst the competitors. Those who competed yesterday at the_ sports in the Reserve showed no mean efficiency, and the judges must have had 110 easy task ill deciding op the relative merits of the players. The competi tions included marches, strathspeys, and reels, and there were five competitors, Messrs. Broad hurst, Morrison, W. B. Melrose, Skinner, and Harris. The first prize was awarded to Uroad luirst, who played as a march " Tho 42nd High landers march to Coomassie," as a strathsp.iy "The Dairy Maid," and as a reol, "Be ye the suitor." Morrison'*'selections wero, "The hills of Glenorchy," Miss Drummond's strathspey, and '' The Hulichan reel," Melroseehosoforthedisplay Of his pieces " Tim march of tho BHlmov.il Rov.il Highlanders, I'ho Dairy Mall," ami " Tho Huhehsm Keel. l'n the Highland dancing there was keencompetition, u sprightlinoss, grace, and varietv of steps which dulig- hteci the spectators and e\ ol:ca frequent bursts of hearty applause. I'm ceedings were opened with "The Keel of Tulloch " ill winch thuro were eight competitors, namely, Craven, broadhurst, Robertson, and Harris in the list set, and Skinner, Melrose, lvirkwood and iiond m the second set. Fust prize was awarded to kobertsou, who danced with all his accustomed spirit. Craven, another veteran dancer, was awarded second prize, while Skinner obtained third honors. The 11 ighland Fling, n dancewhich w lien well performed is ever a pleasure to witness drew out six competitors. Skinner took first prizo' and though his dancing was certainly marked with praco and life, yet there was a considerate sameness hi tho stops. Craven, who took .second place, had a creator variety of steps, and all through a cvisiv "ess that was very pleasing. Robertson carried "it third prize. His dancing was greeted with loud "ir0 th? spectators. For the popular GlulJio Galium, ' or sword dance, (hero were eight entries,.and in this Robertson again came to the front. His dancing was almost faultless, and unmarrod by a singlo touch. Skinner also showed to advantage, and secured second prize, while W. it. iUclroso obtained third. Two of tho com petitors touched, and one stopped before the tinish of tho dance, as the music, he said, was rather quick for him. In the reels and strathspeys there were eight competitors, and the prizes were awarded as follows :—Craven, first; Robertson second; and Skinner, third. As Robertson obtained tho greatest number of points in Scottish dancing, ho wins the champion silver medal, in addition to his other prizes. Tho Highland i' jing for boys was contested by four competitors whose dancing was greatly admired. First prize was awarded to K. Miller, second to J. G. Metcalf and third to — Dorman. Tho pipe music for dancers was played by Broadhurst and Morri son, and the greatest praiso is duo to those gentle men for tho able manner in which tiioy performed this uiilicult duty. For the most corroctlv dressed gentleman in Highland costume the competition was keen, tho costumes being with few exceptions correct and neat. The following were the competitors: — W. B. Melrose, II, B. Skinner, T. Kirkwood, W. ! bond, R. Morrison, \V. F. Broadhurst, and J. ' Walker. W. F. Broadhurst secured the medal, 111 the M'Orae tartan. For the bost dressed boy in Highland costume (under 15 years) the following competedOliver MelroBe, Robert Miller, A. \v. Melroso, Adam Metcalfe, and J. G. Metcalfe. Tho nrizo fell to Molrose, with Miller second. In tlio singlo stick competition for tho challengo cup, valued at £13 12s, and first prize of £1, second prize 10s,, there wore four competitors:—J. H. Crawford, G. Newman, W. Elkinghani, W. Cook.' First try:— J. II. Crawford boat G. Newman, \V. Cook beat W. Elkinghain. Second try:—J. II. Craw ford boatW. Cook by two points. This is tho third victory for Crawford against Cook during tho past four years. Cook disarmed Crawford twice, and somo objection was taken to tho latter striking Cook when off guard, an occurrence which was possibly accidental. PRIZE LIST. Most correctly drossod gontleman in Highland costume, ornaments not to bo considered. Gold medal, value £'J. W. F. Broadhurst. Judges : Hon. A. Mackay, Messrs. Dugald, M'Kellar, J. Cromer, T. Ewan, S. Cravo*, G. M'Beth. PtrE Music Competition (to count by points). —Reels, strathspeys, and marches.—First prize, £5, W. F. Broadhurst ; second, £3, R. Morri son; third, £2, W. B. Melroso. Judges: M tissrs. D. M'Kellar, A. Mackav, Thou. Kwan, and Jas. Craven. Quoits (Handicap). — First prizo £3, Jos. Newton; second, £i 10s., John Manallaek; third, £1, M. Holton. J udges : 1). Forbes and K Hogg. CtiMBKtiLA.Ni) WiiKSTUSQ.—First prize, £3, P. Coiner; second £2, Win. Thomas; third, £1; J. Buxter. Judges : Win. Parkinson and G. Marshall. Rkel ^t'Tur.LOCll,—First prizo, £3; Jas. Robert son; secdnd, £1; J. Craven; third, 10s, H. W. Skinner. Judges : D. M'Kellar and T. Kwan. Tabiteau, 2; Lowis, 3. First prize £10, Morris,^ 12 points; second £5, Tabiteau, 8 points; third £2, Bumiing and Lowis, 5 points each. Throwing the Heavy Hammkb (not to he swung).—First prizo £2, M'Culloch; second £1, G. Floming. Judgos: D. Forbes, J. Melroso. Highland Fli.vo in Costi'MH (ten distinct steps).—First prizo Si, H. W. Skinner; Bocond £1, J.Craven; third 15s., Jas. Robertson. Judgo D. M'Kellar, T. Ewan, A. Mackay. Single Stick Competition (for challengo cup valued £12 12s).—First prizo i'l, G. H. Crawford; second 10s., W. Cook. Judge: Jas. Calvert. Ghillir Cau.um (Sword Dance.)—First prizo, £3, Jas. Robort-on; second, £1, H. W. Skinner, third, 10s., \V. B. Melroso. Judges: D. M'Kellar, A. Mackay, and T. Ewan. Tossing the 'Caiieii.—First prizo, £2, G. Floming; second, £1, T. M'Donald. Judges: D. Forbes and J. Melrose. Bust Dressed Boy, undor 15 years, in Highland costume.—First prize, £2 2a., O. J. Melroso; second, £1 Is., R. Miller. Judges: A. Mackay, T, Ewan, and G. M'Both. Highland Fling, for boys under 15 yoars; six steps. Trophies.—First prizo, £1, It. Miller; second, 10s., J. J. Metcalf; third, 5s., G. M. Dorman. Judg03: A. Mackay, D. M'Kollar, T. Ewan, and K. T. Ross. Reels and Stkathspeys.— First prize, £2, J. Cravon; second, £1, Jas. Robortson; third, 10s., H. W, Skiunt-r. ' Grand Bicycle Handicap.—Throo mile event —Carter, five points, 1st; Trengrove, throo points, 2nd; McMillan, two points, 3rd. Four inilo ovent —M'Millan, fivo points, 1st; Eades, threo points, 2nd; Koam, two points, 3rd. In order of points— M'Millan, soven points, 1st; Carter, lbo points, 2nd; Eades and Trengrove, threo points each, ord. Putting the Heavy Stos-h.— First prizo, £1, G. Flemming, 30 feet 7 inches; second, 10s, M. : Ryan, 29 feet G inches. Judges: D. Forbes and J. Melroso. Putting the Light Stonii (lGlbs).—First prizo, £1, G. Floming, 35 feet 9 inches; second, 10s, T. Killoan, 35 feet inches. Judges: I). Forbes, J. Melroso, and Jas. CalTert. Handigap Tsicyclk Racb.—For boys undor 12 years. SS0 yards. First' prize, £1, A. Reed; second, 10s, F. Cook. Handicap Hali'-mile Rack.—First prize, £5, Wm. C. M'Gill; second, £2, 11, Busst; third, £1, R. M'Gregor. Walking Match.—First prize, £3, A. Jowoll; second, £1, — Sannaman; third, £1, R. Cowling. Members' Race.—First prize, gold medal, John Piorce. THE DINNER IN THE EVENING. In' tho evening the annual dinnor took place at tho Viow Point Hotel, and was attended by about sixty people, members of tho society and other Mr. J. C. Stewart occupied tho chair. Seated o_. his right were Messrs. A. Mackay, R. Burrowes, and II. M'Coll, Ms.L A., and on hisleftthe Mavor of Sandhurst, and various members of the com mitteo. An apology was received from tho hon. F. Robertson, M.L.C.; and Dr. Quick, M.L.A. and Mr. Sterry, M.L.C. wore unavoidably absent. Tho dinner was of a kind exceedingly creditablo to Mr. Hemming, and after it had beon dono jus tice to, the Chairman proposed the toast of the , "Queen and Royal Family," which wa3 duly honored. _ Mr, Barr then proposed tho toast of tho " Par liameut of Victoiia." Ho referred to tho fact that exception h.-d been taken to tho hurried character of the legislation of tho past session. Though he believed there was a g od deal of truth in this, he thought also that tho colony and the colonists owed a groat deal to tho present Ministrj for having accom; lished much that had been neglected during previous years. It was a very strong Government and had a laige majority, but this was no reason why thoss who were opposed should keop silent. (Applause.) It was only reasonable that all members should be allowed to express their opinions in tho Houiu The Sandhurst members had been condemned i some quarters for asserting this right, buthe main tained that a city of Sandhurst's importance, whi;h had been credited with sending gentlemen of intel ligence into the House, had a right to be heard. (Applause.) He pr posed tho toast of "Parlia ment," coupled with the names of the mombars present. Mr, Burrowes was received with applause. He sairf that Mr. Barr had expressed opinions with which ho was quite in accord. Such had been the state of things in the Assembly, during tho past session, that it had been considerod high treason for gentlemen on the Opposition to say one word against Government measures. Ho (Mr. Bur rowes) had determined not to bo bound to remain silent, and his colleague, Mr. Mackay, had taken an active part in the debates during the pait ses sion, on subjects about which he knew as much as any other member, and had argued questions of policy with members who had been Colleagues of his in a former Govornment. For this he was- entitled to thanks instead of condem nation. (Applause.) No doubt the session was a hurried one; the Government had important business to perform afterwards, and it deserved credit for the work it had taken up. It was thought by others who were in a bettor position to judgo than himself, however, that aJjt of the legislation would require amending. ■ There was uo doubt that tho present Government, and especially the late Government, of which he had been a'member,' had dono a "great deal to al ay tho bad feeling which had previously existed. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Ho thanked thoso present for tho manner in which thoy had honored the toast. (Applause.) Mr. M'Coll referred to the assurance which had been made to him early in tho evening that there would be no politics, and related an amus'ng story in illustration of its unreliability. Ho referred also to his long connection with the St. Andrew's Society, and his having been the founder of it twenty four years ago,_ and secretary for many years. Referring to politics he said that Mr. Mackay, able and statesmanlike man that he was, had lowered himself by speaking against the Government in the Houso as ho had during tho p.ist session. (Cries of "No, no," and " sit down.") WLen a compact had beon made between the two great parties cf, tho House not to criticise the Government measures, but to allow it to get on with the work, he had no right to act as he had. (Mr. Burrowes : "Wo entered into no such agree ment.") Mr. M'Coll said that tho O'Loghlen Government was a miserable party of nine. (Cries of "time" and "sit down.") Ho thanked them for tho way thoy had proposed tho toast of tho Parliament. Mr. Mackay was received with long continued applause. He thought that his frier.d, Mr. M'Coll; had illustrated his own .case exactly in the story he told. When Sandhurst came to have its representatives dumb dogs in Parliament, ifc would have greatly fallen •aw'ay from its former position. (Hear, hear.) Seeing that he had been nn old mBmbe of tho House, and hod boen in two ministries, and identified with legislation which ranked among t o mast valuable placed on the statute book, he thought he had some claim to ba hoard on questions affecting tho colony a welfare. (Applause.) Ho would appeal to Mr. M. C<>N whether ho had ever said anything unbecoming a member of Parliament. The contract which Mr. M'Coll had spoken of as existing between parties was a contract with which ho (Mr. Mackay) had nothing to do. It was made before ho was in the House, and what was it to him if parties apreed to shako hands. Ho was not bound »y their agreement. (Applause.) \\\ hen before tho elector* of Sandhur.it ei^ht months' ago lie had taken exception to the coalition, and had pointed out tho probable dangers in tho proposed legisla tion in which responsible tlovernmont would bo superseded by boards. After their struggles for tho extension of > responsible (jovcrir ment in tho coun ry this seemed to him to bo a retrogressive step. (Applause.) /In the hasty legislation of last session tho House had shown great servility to the {government, and Mr. Berry had compromised his principles by being a party to measures which he formerly would have strongly condemned. As to the late O'Loghlen UoYornment, ho thought that tho way it was put out of oltico was an instance of tho gross tyranny of a majority. Ho was delighted to meet them all at this their twentv^fourth gathering. The gatherings were capable of eltecting much good in bringing different people together, and in cultivating physical energies. It wan bad to see youths lounging about street comers, and in billiard rcoms. They were better employed at manlv exercises, having for their hijhest ami tho : moral and tho intellectual based 011 tho physical. | Lord Robbery had referred to tho fact a few days aj£o that when he came to Australia I10 found a country where there were three bcotch premiers. Sir Thomaa M'llwraith of Queensland, Mr. Alex. Stuart of Now South Wales, and Mr. Service of i Victoria. (Applause.) This was a proof, at all events, that Scotchmen d?.d not contino their energies to tossing the cabcr and to tho trhilhe Callnm. (Laughter.) There were at present only two Scotch premiers, but they should not bo sur prised when there was another change of Govern ment in Victoria if the succeeding premier was1a Scotchman also. (Laughter and applause.) Mr, Mackay concluded by making a few remarks on federation, and by expressing tho belief that nine out of ten of the electors of Sandhurst woro satis fied with the conduct of their representatives in Parliament, and resumed his seat amidst ap plause. Mr. Donald Patterson proposed tho toast of the " City Council coupled with the name of tho mayor." Hm referred to tho want of a better ground for sport*, and hoped that tho ^ council | would take steps to make the Agricultural Society'* reserve moro suitable for sports than it Tho Mayor, in responding, referred to the fact that in Melbourne there wore 110 sports grounds so near the city as tho Back Crook ground was to Sandhurst, and expressed the opinion that it would bo bettor to .spendtho money tirst m making tho street* safe for tho ratepayers. About months ho had spoken of improvements to tho Agricultural ground, but there was a loan about being decided at that time, in which a sum of money was set apart for improving the reserve, but that loan had come to an unUpiely end. How 1 ever, ho had no doubt that some day tho council ! would bo able to sot a sum of money apart for the improvement of tho grounds. Ho thanked them for tlio way thoy had honored tho toaat. (A.p phuise.) . Mr. 1). O'Keefo proposed tho "Caledonian Society committee." Although a thorough Irish man ho was always proud to meet a Scotchman 01 an Englishman, jvj long as ho was a good fellow. Ho felt proud of his country, and ho believed 111 men of other nationalities being proud also. lliee was no reason, however, why in Australia they should not meet one another constantly in tirm friendship. Tho Caledonian Society de served to be supported for its strenuous endeavors to keep the Sandhurst people iu^ the district at this season of tho year. Tho committee deserve credit for tho way in which it managed its affairs. IIo was pleased to bo present among them, and he hoped to seo thom at the Hibernian Society's sports on St. Patrick s .Day next. In conclusion he took tho opportunity of assuring Mi. Mackay that when he was elected to Ins seat m Parliament he was uot espected to act the part of a dummy in tho Houso. Ho himself was gratified at tho etaud Mr. Mackay had taken. (AMr.'lJaa' Andrew briefly replied, and referred to *tho difficulties which had stood in tho way of tho society in tho past, and tho want of a suitable ground for tho sports at tho present tirno.' Mr. H. M'Coll, M.L.A., proposed tho toast of " The Judgos and Ilandicappors," and referred to the important duties which they had to perform, and the impartial way iu which thoy had been Mr. }vei'ly responded on behalf of t.lio judges, and Mr. AUsop for tho handicappers, and urged that no runner should bo allowed to compete under nn assumed name; also that rnnnera dis qualified f"r jostling by other societies should be disqualified by the Bcndigo Society. Tho Mayor proposod the toast of Ino Com petitors," whom he thought were the attraction of tho sports and tho chief causo of tho financial succoss. He udvocated tho offering of a big prize for runners in a Sheffield Handicap. Mr. G. Bain responded humorously. Tho toast of " The Ladies" was proposod by Sir. Comas, and Mr Callaglum amusingly replied. Mr. Liddle proposed the toast of "The Press, Mid it was duly responded to. Tho toast of ' T ho Secretary and Assistant" was proposed by Mr. Allsop, and Mr. ,T. Pierce and Mr. Sawora ropliod. Tho toasts of "Tho Host and Hostess and "Chairman " ended tho programmes, and tho pro ceedings terminated with tho singing of • Auld Lang Syno." During tho ovoning between tho speeches Messrs. G. liain. T. O'Cal aghan and Melrose contributed to tho pleasure of tho festive occasion by the artistic rendering of favorite 8onj;s. EAGLEHAWK SPORTS. (rEoy our own coiuu:3Poni>ent.) Tho annual sports under tho auspices of tho Eaglehawk Athletic Club, were continued in tho Canterbury Park. Tho weather was all that could bo desired. Tho attendance was not bo numerous aa on Boxing Day, owing no doubt to the numerous other attractions; about 3,000 per sons woro present. Tho grandstand was again extensively patronisod. Whitlam s band was 111 at, tendanc, aud discoursed choice selections of music ot intervals during tho day in a pleasing manner. Tho programme of sports was initiated by the Maiden Race. Evans won the event easily. 1henoxt important item 011 tho programme was thcBicyclo Handicap. Dowsoy with 31.0 yards carried off first money. Vinton competed for it also, but as usual was too heavily handicapped. Tho police export enced considerable difficulty in keeping tho ground, and on soveral occasions it required the combinod efforts of several of. them to eject tho encroachers 011 the running ground. Several quarrels took placo during the daj, anu Olio drunkard for behaving in a disorderly manner was arrested. Everything was carried out 111 a very satisfactory manner, though the judging of tho dancing was unfavorably commented upon 111 some quarters. Great praiso is due to the secretary, Mr. W. .T. Gillingham, and the judges and handi cappors for tho manner in which they discharged their respective duties. The onerous duties of startor wero performed by Mr. R. Oliver with commendable punctuality, and 111 strict accordance with tho programme. _ Subjoin 3d aro tho various results : Mawbs IUcb (120 yards)-* rst P"'e £2; second, £1. J. Evans, 1; T. Hicks 2. This resulted in an easy victory for Evans, who won by about threo yards. Hicks, tho second man, was closely pushed by Wilkins. Bictci.f. Hakoioap (three miles).—To bo run 111 heats. First prize, i9; second, £1; third, i~, or trophies of equal value. 1' irst heat .L Tonkin, "7rl yards, 1: T. Dowsey, 3G0 yards, 2; G. Brovra, 370 yards, 3. This was an excellent racc, ionkin only defoatmg Dowsoy by about a yard. Hai.f-mii.f. Handicap.—1- irst prize, i-; socond, ±■1; third, 10.'. Conway (Myers Flat), 33 yards, 1: Roberts (Sandhurst), scratch, 2. W. Brown, 30 yards, 3. A very good raco took placo between Conway and Roberts, tho former winning by about URunkino High Lrvp.—First 1 rize, £1; second, 10s. Kiileon, 5 feet 3 inches, 1; Tait, a fceo 2 inches 2 The jumping of killeen was greatly admired, he negotiating tho hurdles in a very 1>rB'oTCLBleSASniCAV.-—Second heat—P. Hus band, 365yar-is, 1; S. Phelan, 3(0 yards, 2. \V, Vinton also started, but ho was too heavily handi capped. Husband won easily. % Vaulting with Foi.e.—-first prize, £1; second, I0i W. H. Leech, 1; «T. M. Lcech, 2. Eaglkhawk Bictcj-K Handicap, two miies. For niemberrf of tho Eaglehawk Club only. A valuable trophy. 1'. Husband, 1; T. Dowsey, G Brown, 3. Considerable interest was mam fested in this race, as all tho wheelmen resided m I Eaglehawk. Tho tirst prize was a handsomo gold locket given by the Mayor (Mr. G. Loudon), whilst tlia second was also a gold loeket given b} Mr. W. J. Gillingham. Ohstacle Rack (once round). — 1 irst, kd, second, £2; third, £1. 9wing to the numerous entries, this race was run in heats. 1< irst heat R. Thompson, 1; Brown, 2. Second heat-Con wiy 1- Evans, 2. Final heat—Conway, 1; rhouip son 2- W. Brown. 3. Tho. raco created an ' immense amount of amusement. J he Obstacles consisted of a hurab about IS inchcs from tho ground under which the con testants : had ti crawl, and lminediatoly spring over a hurdlo about two feet high, and then pass through flour bags suspended in a rope, jump about half a dozen ropes in succession about a yard apart, then got over a netting, and finally surmount a hurdlo about S feet high. Evans was running strong, but on his arrival at the barrels he had the misfortune to be partial }-divested of his colors, consequently he was thrown out of the ^Youths' CumbkhlanT) WnESTLiNO (limit 7st.)— First prize, 1J)S, socond, 10s-r C. Herbert, 1; J. Attwater, 2; D. Davis, 3. ^o less than a dozen youngster« competed for this event, some of «lioni o \S". Brown, 1; W Shuttle" orth,Shuttle worth led all the way until t e last hurd e, when Brown overtook him, and won comfortably. MKMnens' Race.—First prize, -3; second, -2, and third, fc'l. Conway, lj fc- vans, 2; M MaUon, 3. A fair amount of interest was taken in thia race. \rblaster was occupying a premier position when ho fell. About 40 yards trom home Conway second, £2; third, £1 E Rubertn, 1; f. Tonkin, 2: W. Brown, 3. Conway also started, but finding that ho had no show he retired. Roberts, who started from scratch, outpaced all the other competitors, and deieated ^Bora flAOE.—First prize, 15s; second, 5i; third, 3s. ilumphroy, 1; Hamilton, 2] sterling, 3,rprr of W\r. —First prize, £5. The Sadowa and quartz carters wero tho first teamsto try con elusions. Tho former were far too big for their opponents, and succeeded-in pulling them oyer the mark in less than two minutes. Favct. Bicycle Riding.—First prize, 30a, second, • 20ij and third, 10*. J. Creswell, 1, TYmlcin and M'Grath cqu.il for pccond .Mid third place. Ti:o OF W.\K.—Second heat—Tlio Sadowa men then pulled Mgainst a team from tho Catherine United Company. The former were acain tlio larger men, and gradually pulled the other men over tlie line. The time occupied was about two minutes. CoRNisll Whmti.ing.—l'irst, 1'3; second, £-'; third, 2:>s; and fourth, liis. Inrst round—Williams threw W. Hotheringtuii, U. NVatson thiew Meudra, Harvey throw Graham. Thomas and Kosewarne tried conclusions, but after several in effectual to throw each other it was decided to throw up for first, and Thomas won it. Second round—Harvey threw Watson. Williams and Thomas foil together, but in eonsequcnco o[ the latter sustaining an injury to his hand ho gave his opponent best. Third round—Williams threw Harvey, and secured first money, AVatson was third, and Thomas fourth. Bicycle Handicap, lin.il ovont, Dowsoy, 1; Tonkin, 12; and Husband 3. Owing to this being tho final hu.it there was considerable excitoment. Tlio riding of Dowsoy was first class, as was also that of Tonkin and Husband. " Quoits Handicap (IS yards).—Bolman and Hobson divided first and second money, whilst tlio third prize fell to Skilbeck. Tlx: ot' Wau.—The Catherine men then had a tug with tlio representatives of tho woodcartors. This was tlio most exciting contest of the day, and was won l>y tho woodcJrtois. lmsit Jig.—First prizo £2, second £1. R. Miller, 1; J. Motcalf, 2. SPORTS AT CASTLE MAINE. (FliOM ODIt OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tho annual carnival, for the bonefit of tho two local ciiiritablo institutions, proved ono of tlfo greatest successes yet seen since the inauguration of these annual celebrations. For eomo timepast many of the loading citizens have teen actively engaged in making preparations for the carnival. One of tho features of this year's carnival was tho procession, and without doubt it was one of tho tinest sights yet seen in tho district. From an early hour this morning crowds of peoplo flocked into the town. The crowd assembled at the Town Hall, where the procession was formed. The procession started shortly after ten o'clock, and was headed by Master Ray on an Arab steed. He was followed by his father, Mr. George Rav, in a very neat chariot drawn by two horses. Fol lowing this camo the Castlemaiuo Band, under Mr. Gnolle, and then camo vehicles containing his Worship tho Mayor ' and Borough Councillors. After these vehicles camo a score of lorries, carry ing almost every conceivable novelty, including "Jack and the Giant," "A happy family," and other novelties too numerous to mont on. The Castlomaitio Fire Brigade also turred out very creditably. A number of Chinese attended with their gongs and banners and joined in tho pro cession. Mr. Partridge was in charge of the cclostials, and great credit is duo to him for the truublo ho took with thoiu. Tho whole procession was under tho charge of Mr. Ray, who with his assistants deserve every credit. Tho streets wero thronged as tho procession passed through them, Tho Camp Reserve was reached shortly befovo twelve o'clock, and soon afterwards the sports began. The grounds wero soon rushed, and it is estimated that over 4,000 persons ware present, including a very large percentage of Sandhurt folk. Tho weather was exceedingly warm, ami was all tho moro noticeable owing to tho want of a fow shady trees. Tho want of a grandstand was greatly felt, and the few seats on tho ground wore quickly rushed. Tho ground presented a gay appearance, tho dresses of tho ladies groatly adding to tlio effect. Tho dilforent ovents wero well contested, and some good sport was witnessed. Tho Shotliold Handi cap was tho principal ovent on the programme, and in this some first-class peda wore engaged. After a severe tussle it wai won by W. B. Shaw, of Geolong. In tho final heat J. Ryan, of Sand hurst, ran under protest, and it is stated by soveral that ho passed the post second, but although the judges at first allowed him tho position, for some reason it was altered. Tho remainder of tho events on the programme wero, however, gone through without any misunderstanding. Tho judges, Messrs. F. K. lieit, W. llalford, J. Newman, G. Yeats, Gerald Fitzgerald, and J. Boat curried out their duties with untiring zeal. Mr. .T. Mitchell made a capital starter. During tho day tho Castlemaiuo Band porformed choice selections on the ground. Altogethor over £142 was taken at the gates, so that with the other returns yet to come in, tho funds of tho institu tions are likoly to be greatly augmontod. Tho following aro tlio results of the day's sports:— Boys' Maiden Race, 200 yards.—W. Barry, lj F. M'Kenna, 2; J. Cribbes, 3. Men's Maidkn Rack, 200 yards.—First prizo, 30s; second, 10s; third, Gs. J. Burnett, 1; W. Kilsby, 2; W. Wilson, 3. Red Indian Hack.—J. Brigham, 1. Grand Sheffield Handicap, 130 yards.—First prize, £10 and trophy gift of Mr. H. M'Loan; second prizo, £3; third, £2. First heat—W. Estorick, 12 yards, 1; T. W. Baker and R. O.-bourno dead heat for second place. Second lioat—T. I'owell, 5 yards, 1; J. A. Ryan, 7 yards, 2. Third heat— A. Bowler, 12 yards, 1, J. Horon, 0 yards, 2. Fourth hoat—W. B. Shaw, 7 yards, 1; W. Car mochan, 7 vards, 2. Second ovent—W. Car mochan, 1; J. Heron, 2. T. Powell, 1; and W, B. Shaw, 2. Final event—W. B. Shaw, 1; W. Carmochan, 2; J. Heron, 3. Bicycle Rack, three miles.—Trophy valued £5 5s,, gift of Messrs. Fitzgerald and Newman; second, £2; and third, £1. W. Crackett, 400 yards, 1; W. Taylor, 100 yards, 2; H. Monteith, 270 yards, 3. Iltisu J10.—F. Striko, 1. Sailor's Hoiinpipe.—,T. Melroso, Sandhurst, 1. Highland Fling.—J. Olivor, Sandhurst, 1; J. Melrose, 2. Potato Race.—W. Wilson, 1; A. French, 2. Firemen's Hydiunt Rack, 200 yards.—First prizo £5 and trophy, gift of Mr. J. Mitchell; second, £3; third, £1.—W. Wilson, Taradale brigade, 1; A. Wallis, Molbourne, 2 ; T. Dawes, Castlemaino, 3. Publicans' Puiue, half-a-mile. First prize, £5 ; sccond, £2 ; third, £1.—F. Seodsnian, 1 ; T. Davis, 2; \V. J. Boifoy, 3. This concluded a very pleasant day's sports. Tho Castlemaino Minstrels appeared in the Theatro Royal in tho evening. The hall was well filled and the-porfonnanco was a vory creditablo ono. Songs wero sung by Messrs. W. Iredalo, T. F. Reid, C. Iredalo, D. S. Henry and II. Ilobson. Messrs. Main and Ross wore very funny as corner men. Tho sketches by tho company wero very amusing, »>id the various performers were loudly applauded. At t!.e Mechanics' Institute an amateur dra matic company occupiod the boards. The building was crowded by an enthusiastic audience. The company appeared in two dramas, " Tho Madcap " and " Ice on Parle Francais," and tho performers n each drama met with a good reception. Alto gether the performance was a very creditablo one, and the amateurs deserve eveiy credit. The monstor tea meeting in tho Ma ket Hall, in connection with the carnival, was well patro nised. ODDFELLOWS' PICNIC, BRIDGKWATKR. (]:V OUK TRAVELLING RKPOKTEK.) Although the weather to day was not at aU favorable in this locality for pleasure-Heekors, there was a grand muster on the occasion of the annual picnic. Soveral special trains arrived from Sandhurst all heavily freighted with those who had come out to commemorate New Year's Day and enjoy a rational holiday. Tho sito fixed for the day's" festivities was on a reserve on the banks of tlio Loddon, a short distance below tho •veir now in ctAirse of construction, and near tho Water Flour Mill Company's estate. _ The spot was well chosen. Commanding both sides of tiia Loddon and sheltered by liigh banks on either side, tliero was plenty of shade from the hot sun, and to those who wished fo'u retired or solitary walks, there were abundant opportunities for isolation from the more thickly thronged part of tho pleasure grounds. Complaints wero made by tlio unreasonable soction of visitors of the dust,but these did not perhaps rememberthat dust was every where to-day in consequence of the high wind blow ing,and that it was an mdispensiblo accompaniment to tho trampling of many thousands of human feet. In addition to the visitors from S.v dhurst, there was a good contingent not only from Bridge water, but from Inglewood and places further distant. The noyn day train from the place last named was closely packed, and at one time thero cuuld not have "been fewer than 4,000 persons assembled. Tho usual games indulged in on such occasions wero m full operation and were well patronised; and it was pleasing tn many visitors, who perhaps attended the Sandhurst Oddfellows' picnic for the fit'^t time, to find that there was an entire absence of that spirit of mendicancy that characterises too many public gatherings of late years. A detachment of Northcott's band played selections of music during the day, and it seemed almost an impossibility to keep a number of visitors from dancing in response. A merry-go round attracted children of mature as well as tender years, and although in the old country it would be considered indecorous for any but young girls past the stage beyond babyhood to patronise such infantile sports, the contrary seems to be the case here. Young girls approaching womanhood as well as many beyond that term seem tc» be entirely charmed with the inerry-go ronnd, and are inclined to usurp the privileges of childhood. Here and elsewhere the children of the growing generation aro in a miuority in this re spect. Perhaps1 the pleasantest feature of the pic-nic was tho number of family parties assembled on both side* of the Loddon, who under what shade they could obtain, by mero chance, perhaps had the most enjoyable re-union of tho whole year. It was at any rate a pleasant sight from tho banks of the river to see in the valley beneath such a good illustration of cypsying, and although the weather was not altogether what might have been desired, it is most likely that the majority of those, present will remember with satisfaction the picnic to J'ridgewater. A good programme of athletic sports had been prepared, and was well carried out, several of the events being well con torted. I was unable to get the detailed results in time to send, but thsv will appear to-morrow. SANDHURST QUOIT CLUB. Tho final heats were played off for the gold quoit presented by Mr. W. Bruce, and resulted as follows J. Robson, scratch, 1st, 31; R. Daykin, scratch, 2nd, 14; J. Huston, 3rd. A meeting of the club was held last night at the Earl of Kimberley Hotel, when Mr. Robson was presented with tho gold quoit. Captai" Bolam was in the chair, and in presenting the quoit he made a very suitable speech, which was responded to by Mr. Robson. Several toasts were proposed and drunk in bumpers. Several songs were sung, and a very pleasant evening was spe;.t. VICTORIA RACING CLUB. (FROM OCXt MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday, 1st January. Tho absence of the Champion Race from the ' New Year's Day programme, although a disap pointment to many, did not detract from the success of the meeting, which was complete in every way. Tho attendance was large and fashion able, and tho Vice-Regal box was occupied by his Excellency the Governor and suite, and the Earl and Countess of Rosebery, and Sir William and Lady dea Vceux. Owing to the mildness of the weather, the vegetation in the paddock and on tha lawn was in a grocm and flourishing condition, the botanical embellishments also looking their very best. The Australian Military Hand played a selection of aira on the lawn during the after noon. ^ Most of the fields were small, but the com pensation was found in the .first-class quality of the competitors. Telegrams from the Sydney racecourse and Melbourne cricket ground wore posted on the course. The following are the re sults :— Hurdle Race.—A handicap Hweepsktktftf nf f( nova, each with £150 added. About two mile*. Mr. .1. Koulaham'd cli Sparke, fi yrn., lU.st •Mm (Kilditff) 1 Mr. D. S. Wallace's b g Don Quixote, 5 yrs., lint Gibs ^ ... ... ... ... (Scobio) 2 Mr. T. Corrigan'a b m Lady Hampden, (>yrs,, 11st 5Iba (Corrigan) 3 Agitation nnd Vanpuard also started. Hotting—5 to 4 against Lady Hampden, C to 1 Vanguard, 3 to 1 Don Quixote, 4 to 1 Sparko and Agitation. Time—3 mills. /V-'^ sees. Tub B.miot Plate.—A sweepstakes of 5 govs. each li ft, with 250 added. For three-year-old and upwards. Tlio second horse to receive 50 sovs, and tho third 25 sovs out of tho stake. Weight for ago. Ono mile and a quarter. Mr. A. F. Smart's br c Archie, 3 yrs, Sst 'Jibs (O'Brien) 1 Hon. \V. Pearson's br h Fryingpan, 4 yrs, list ... • ... (Power) 2 Mr. S. Millor's b or br c Boolka, -J yrs, 9st . ••• _ _ (Carey) 3 Capri and Dirk Hatteraick also started. Betting—Kvcn on Archie, 2 to 1 Fryingpan, 4 to 1 Dirk Hattoraick, li to I Capri and Boolka, Timo, 2 minutea 10.J seconds. Thk Nokmanut Stakks. -A sweepstakoof 20 sovs. each, with 200 added. For 2 year old; colts j Sst. lOlhs.; fillies Sst. 71bs. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out of tho stakes. Fivo furlongs. Mr. S. Barnard's ch c The Broker, Hat, includ ing 41b penalty (Tralmn) 1 Mr. A. F. Smart's br c Tho Bohemian, 8st lOlbs ((.Jough) 2 Sir T. Elder's King of tho Gipsies, 8st lOlbs (Rawlings) 3 The only other starters were Second King and llolenu. Botting.—Kvon and 5 to 4 on Bohemian, 3 to 1 Broker and Second King, 5 to 1 Holeno and King of the Gipsies. Time—1 rain, o sei.j. The Standish Platb.—A handicap sweepstakos of 10 sova. each, 5ft., with 500 added. For 3 yrs old and upwards. Tho second horso to receive 100 sovs., and tho third 50 sovs. Ono mile. Mr. D. S. Wallaces b h Chuckster, 5 yrs., Sst. .SHis. ... (O'Brien) 1 Mr. J. A. Lang'* b c Napier, 3 yrs., Sst. (Walker) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br h Frying Pan, 4 yrs., 9st. 51bs (Power) 3 The other starters were—Boolka, Archie, Phan tom, Malua, Claptrap, Taliletop, Norfolk, Um bestn, Boisterous, Castaway, King Lud, Puillerro, and Precious Stono. ^ betting— 5 to 2 Archie, 3 to 1 Napier, 7 to 1 Frying lan, Chuckster, Phantom, Precious Stono, '■ Arabia, 10 to 1 Boolka. Tiniu—1 mill. 42 sees. Miosu.mmkh Handicap.—A sweepstakes of 10 sovs, 2 ft., with 200 added. Tlio second horso to receive 50 sovs,, and tho third 25 sova. For three yearn old and upwards. Tho winner of any handicap race of tho valuo of 100 sovs after tho declaration of tho weights to carry 5 lbs. extra (penalties if any not included). Ono milo and a-half. Mr. Pearson's b h Magnet, 4 yrs, 8st. 51b. ••• (Powor) 1 Mr.D.S. Wallaco'sbcCapri,3yrs,7st. (Walker) 2 Mr. W. Branch's b f Littlo Sister, 3 yrs, Gst. lllbs.... ... " (Gough) 3 Odd Trick, Aide-de*Cainp, Anglesey, Suwarrow, Lesbia, Belle Brandon and Omolette also went. Betting ; 2 to 1 Magnet, 3 to 1 Odd Trick, 5 to 1 Lesbia and Littlo Sister. Timo—2 mina. 40 socs. Thk Chitkiuox Stakr3.—A handicap sweop stakes of 5 sovs each, £'1 10s ft., with 150 added. For two yoars old. Three- quarters of a mile. Mr. S. Martin's b c Reginald, 7st. Slb.i. ••• (Londinelli) 1 Mr. h. Lowis' oh c Manfred, 7st. lOlbs. , (Hutchens) 2 Millor a b I Culteo, 7st (Old) 3 Zantippo and Felicia also wont. Betting : 5 to 4 Reginald, 2 to 1 Folicia, 1 to 1 Cnltee, 5 to 1 Manfred, (> to 1 Zantippo. Timo—1 min. lilj sees. LUTHERAN PICNIC. The scholars attending tlio Sunday school in connection with tho Lutheran Church, M'Koustio street, accompanied by their parents and friends to tho number of about 200, held their annual pic nic at tho Sydenham gardens. Tlio Rov. F. Loypoldt preached an improssivo sermon from the various gospols sot down bv tho German Lutheran Church for New Year's l)ay, including Hebrews, 13th chapter, 0th verse, "Jesus Christ tho same yesterday, r.nd to- day, and for ovor." The proaeher put tho question, how shall wo begin the new year? And answored it, firstly, with Christ; secondly, with tho romembranco <>f tho trannitoriness of all mundane affairs; thirdly, with confidence in God; fourthly, with the resolution of faithfulness. The extempore sermon, containing many useful hints for life in general, concluded with tho quotation from II Corinthians, 13th chapter, 14th vorso, 11 The graco of the Lord Jesus Christ, and tho lovo of God, and tho communion of tho Holy Ghost bo with you all," Appropriate hymns wero sung by the choir. Vcliicles wore provided for their conveyance to and from tho gardens, and a start was effected from tho school room about ton o'clock. On arrival at thu gardens tho pleasures of tho day wore entered upon. All the games incidental to picnics, including races, otc., for which prizes woro given by Mr. and Mrs. Loypoldt, wore indulged in, and all present seemed to fully onjoy themselves. Luncheon and tea wero provided and laid out for the visitors during tho day by Mr. and Mrs. Loypoldt, who wore indefatigable in their efforts to ensure tlio onjoy in on t of all. About dusk a start was mado on tho return journey, and tho picnicians arrived in Sandhurst somewhat fatigued, but with plea sant remembrances of a pleasant day's outing. CONGREGATIONAL AND BAPTIST SUN DAY SCHOOLS UNITED PICNIC. This picnic v.-hich had boon looked forward to in religious circle.-) with a great amount of interest was celebrated at Harcourt. Tho children of tlio two school beforo starting assembled at their respective churches, whore they were addressed by their pastors, and advised as'to how to conduct themselves. After the singing of a hymn and the offering of a prayer, the tickets were distributed amongst the children, and they were then marched to the station. Two trains, starting at !),30 and 10 a.m., woro run and wore well filled. After a pleasant run of about three-quarters of an hour Harcourt was reached, and th- whole wended their way to tho ground selected for the •outing. Tho weather was beautiful, and tho day was in fact a regular picnic day.. There must have been about 1,000 persona present, a very" urgo numbor of thorn bjing of tho fair sex. Tho picnic ground was in close proximity to tho station, and on the same side of tho lino as Mount Alexander. A plentiful supply of water ran through the ground. _ Thoro was b, largo marquee erected, from which tlio teachera and assistants distribute^ tho eatables. ' After lynch a number of peoplo made for Mount Aloxa'ndor, and tlio road during the afternoon presented a very'busy appearance. Most of those, however, who essayed to climb to the summit of tho Mount wero beaten, but those who did reach tho top had a splendid view of tiio sur rounding country and secured quantities of f rns and wild flowers. A largo number of rabb ts woro caught. A fow wild magpies and other wild birds woro Bocured, and some large snakes woro despatched. Those who remai .ied on the picnic ground engaged in cricket, croquet, rounders, football, etc., and tho s«ings were well patronised. Tho races woro well contested, a very leugthy and oxcellent programme havinir been gone through. Tho prizes for a gathering of this sort wero very good, and attracted numerous entries. Tiio picnic was altogether a great success, and far exceeded tho most sanguine expectations. The committees of tho churches, secretaries, Messrs. Hyett and Campbell, and the pastors, Messrs. j. Gregson and S. I. Green, beside ■ the teachers and all who assisted, desorvo tho greatest crcdit for their assiduous efforts to bring the picnic to a suc cessful termination, as 'ivell^as for the arrange ments provided for the comfort of visitors, The return train's lor the home journey were started at half-past six and half-past seven o'clock rospec tivelv. ' CHALLENGE PIGEON MATCH. At Bright's paddock, near Eaglehawk, a pigeon match between Messrs. Arblastor and R. l'ascoe for £:> a-side took place. The conditions were a rise of 20 yards, nine birds, both barrels to count; each competitor providing the birds for his opponent. Tho shooting was not good, Mr. Pascoe only succeeding in killing one bird of the nine, and Mr. Arblastor four. * THE VICTORIA QUADRILLE ASSEMBLY. Tho members of this a-ssembly and their friends held an additional ro-union at tho Masonb Hall. The weather during the evening becoming co?l, greatly enhanced the enjoyment of the evening. The refreshments, as on tho forinex'occasici'i, were provided by Mr: Mi/burh, and the music by FinsterV String "Band, Mr. Graham acted in the : capacity of niasterof ceremonies, and it is needless to say, gave universal satisfaction. The attend ance was very fair. THE BEEHIVE STORES' PrCNIC. The annual picnic of tho employes of tho Bee hive Stores and their friends took place :,t Cherry Tree. Some ono hundred and ten took part in the day's outing, n Btart being made about half past ten o'clock in various vehie'es. The route taken was round by Lockwood, through Rave us wood, and by tho Big Hill to Cherry Tree, which place was reached before noon. Various amusements wero provided, including cricket, rov.iidors, dancing, etc , which were indulged in to the full bent of tho visitors' capacity, Mrs. Morgan, of the Cherry Tree Hotel, acted as caterer to the full satisfaction of tho party, luncheon and *ca beini; provided in a first-class manner, and the picmcians returning to the city about niuo p.m. ; highly delighted with their New Year's picnic- A slight accident occurred to ono of the dra s a short distance on tho Sandhurst side of I.ockwoo.f when tho vehicle was inadvertently driver w<u a bog. The ladies and gentlemen, Vioi-e, however safely landed, and willing hsuds soon "releJi.-ed the horses, pulled the veliicie out'6f the quagmire, and made a fresh utart for their destination'. '"tflfc. ^PANTOMIME,' The pantomime of.-tho ".BaUes iti the Wood" ; waa again presented to. a, large house at the Royal ' Princess Theatre. The excellently vaiied entcr tainmtmt j*issed off with every success, and was very favorably received, Tha various parts were well sustained by ol-vor acting, and the repre sentation last evening was characterised by even moro spirit and fun than on previous occasions. To-day a special treat for juveniles is premised, when reduced eharges I r admission will be taken, and tho children attending the Industrial school will bo admit ed free. On Friday a chan&e;" of programme is announced, wiien thb well-known pantomimo of " Rett Riding Hood "• will replace ctwt at.present 4^'tho boards, • 