-. Itoveltet, 'VwClMidera ofBq natters'?Gulch. ' OF bOlftBlDO. ?' ?9bv Stranger dnialt. $bers mi no prtttaVine it. Be wadalso ugly. There m :?.'.lY'^MWouw*Sonlif'oF'ttiateither. 'Physio 1 ^?tet>triaaMtamofeUy,b*ltirii* both, drunk .,>Jyriita.Hel}>'i .flfte hlhkrioue.ipatrons at the ' 'iift lorwmehoura been r : ?' amtifliawliw increasing opulenoe ofaloohol ?>£jjiai55hJ ?ddtdbitMeness with that interest \J««bhfa!4lwt$s.' marked 'thffta whttobrotpetrte tik figbtibaoawpromlnenb ,-lni Sqaattert' wdsjuttoasssra^ The -eturd^ pioneer trao _ ihtttM had Wninown Ivantage of (his foot with great flnaimtnl proflHommselt. Being aware tbat .tntf the mod energetic warriors oi the eur ?ioowUng^o&uiitry; had sworn to carve apd %ttitnrUie mMler. aaehotWrr the wvertt of «Uuimantal,.oraven useful, the firtt time (hey tfhoollro&'Hiu labial penon cent each 6( »u*otaplimantary ticket to' hit hall. ^opedto be .(liMBlawd tha report tr iran.hi be present at the Alhambra ... , ~Meh''WM {be resplendent title by ^ftflttidii'hh ranort'TWU! known to local fame ' c IMP" tM jwwitag following. 'Bis losses had \- MA/W98* . -74a inhabitantoof Squatters' '^Wiuh Had no fondness lor dramatio aft an -,>y^USt6 UWiieled. " Macbeth," " Haqiiet," iii IIMVSuinutapdna^'pirfeiik^A by" six psr '.inilffiKfi) bfjoOd; *ttraotionB'lor their toofoid ' vfi^hajl Jost jnoijey. Sat ,, ..... aipiijy,^t. right by the " of' managerial gamut which I have iryitizMrtabtftedi TiMhouse vU packed. Bo ijj wsretlie'robfsof adjaosnt bailiings, where ' Mijmile, .standing-ropm brought « higb a Mtt&.M twenty dollars per square foot. The Wfc&ntotiffaf; the JUhimbra Falaoe had been removed lor the* 'b&okslbn;, arid the view wee ; Modi .iShp.Twaniors met. One of them re ..;iue<sfced,Jbe other, with that poetio eense of V . wiinlfy vrieh oharaoterised (be early moun *IWWtel.'tu »j«rwi mi lf/eS^h"inyitatfgn wMoh was pipmptly aeoepted. The .fight '?: Ituit IoBoWh waa always remembered in the rijGkMi.' How tbaiXall Slather o! the Sappa . ^^li^ook/ilmaerowly iMmovfed' both ears torn , j wgMM,o( /Saoramento John, and was him- { "MTmost elaborately laoerated in return, are "l matters of hittery. The town went half toad i , r^Mth admiration, and what was left of the two accomplished young gentlemen involved in I , ,(Ua little entertainment was tor years re- j girded aliiioat tHth rtverenoe. . '?! '' It 'toay he 'eojiposea, therefore, that the movements el the Stranger, upon the night ft whish I write, were viewed with something viiMet&kn; common interest,' One.by onethe! j 'ileading tfiiEens had dropped into the Taran-1 Saloon, dnxicg the eroning, notil the i tabtoi ^ary, lul wslTienrraonded, and (he bar ' 'tras Unedwitp watohfui obserrew. j. in f whbV'itie etranger," inquired Tom Oath Wit, in a oarelns wiy, as he dealt three <. Dunno,'rbriefly responded that jndloial laminary, throwing his hand down in a dis gutted way; " he'e on'v just arriv', and it'e my legal opinion as how, if he keeps on, he'll reach the endjol his .lariat} extremely qniok." "I've half a mind," mated Ur. Cathoart, pleasantly,11 to rise up and give him a benefit wilder, with that air of anthority which gave hit opinions upon the benoh great weight; *' ijola on a bit. Far-lined George will be along .soon, and the stranger will have to take water then. Let him go on. Gimme two sards," "Hello 1".;sjapiilpitpi j Ur. '.Oathoart, a I'hail ftannn " moment tftdr; '"the ball has begun.' Everybody in the room had arisen to his feet. The tall Missourian, a man of angular frame and sinister visage, had at last sue ' oeeded in drawing somebody into a oontroversy. The oitieano of Squatters Guloh were about to be entertained. "Bumdt 1, " muttered Mr. Oathoart, it's b 'A-M3 shame for 'hiln to piek a row with Olanders. The poor ohap oan eoaroely hold his own head op, let alone fighting. I've a mighty tgood notion to eail in myself." " Hold on," cautioned Judge Gashwilder, with his index finger laid knowingly along his nose; " Thomas Olanders is all right; he it slow Apt eare. Look there)" The quarrel at the bar had been growing loader. The Stranger, inflamed with the fiery liquor he had been drinking, had selected one of the least offensive men in the eettle jnant as the special objeot of his displeasure. This person, a Ur. Thomas Glanders, was a quiet, respectably dreaied man, with a stolid i and * dejected manner, who was looked i in a mtndly, often a pitying, light by eetTMBitthing population of the Guloli. What it was, n» one precisely-knew, and do one oared. But Dearly everybody took an interest in him, and not a soul lived in tbe town who would not; have (ought lor his sake at any time. Tbe Stranger was heapior abuse on Glanders'B heaji-abdse which he coutd not oomprehend, and whiob seemod to halt be wilder him. Bat the offensive Uissourian went on, goaded to inereased fury by his own wordi. Still Glanders stood htlplastlf gtsufc about him, making no reply, but occasionally passing the baokofhis rough brown hand across his forehead.. Finally, in a transport of rage, the Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to. awaken. He spoke for the first time. - .' Pat it np," he said, quietly, " or I will kill yon." . Tho^Stranger laughed, and the crowd, angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glanders motioned them baok. " l'ut it up, he repeated, firmly, " or I will shoot you in yonr tracks." The Stranger Bred, and a part of dander's bat fell to .tkp-floor. I^w-Tjf: ttis of the Guleh.had teawn Bt.woiad hav» believed be eoald"aet'wi£h euok deoision. He had iiitliwtu teen ttwnght by thtttf "to' be a slofr and easy- going person, too inoffensive to be1 trodden ratftf, slid too gentlsto resppndwith violence. TBit upon this oocasibn he belied his reputation,; (jjaigk as lightning-eo quickly that only one or two in the room saw the movement-a derringer sprang from his pocket, a deep report sounded through tbe room, and the Stranger tell to tbe floor. There was silenoe for a moment. Then tbe wounded Misiourian, after writhing a moment where he lay, beckoned Glanders towards him. He was no longer violent. The fames; ot the drink had quite evaporated from his brain, and he realized what had happened. Glanders, whose anger had disappeared as <juiokly «s it came, mien he saw he was the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward and raised the Stranger's bead to his knee. "Whisky," he said, shortly, to the bar keeper. The liquor was brought, and he poured it between the Stranger's lips. It waa a dra matio scene. So deep-, so solemn was the coloring of the piotuie, that not a man in the crowd-usually s turbulent one-had as yet uttered a word,, T(i« wounded man, aome what revived by tbe stimulant, motioned Glan ders to lean closer, and he obeyed* There was nothing but j^ain in his red-face now, and great beads of perspiration stood out npon his fort head.. The Stranger whispered a few words brokenly, and then suddenly fell back, dead. Glanders lowered the jnan'shsad to the floor, and then slowly arose to his feet. Thefcubn which had some time ago fallen upon tbe crowd was not yet disturbed. . »'Boys," said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly," I bated to do it, but it couldn't be helped. I'm sorry it was eo, and I'm willin' to abide by what yon say. If it woe murder,string me up,.ana be d ? d qnick about it." A mnrmur that arose almost to a shout ran through the room. Every man thpe-en dorsed his course. Glanders began to move dowly tbwaxd tbe door. He paused onee, drew his hat down over his eyes, buttoned his boat tightly about his throat, and thrust hia haqjfa into his pockets with an air that indicated a purpose. "Fool things 1" he muttered, as he strode into the sight. "They're orphans now, and I made 'em so 1" Drawn back some paoes from the roadway, close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some 4istanoe from'the sturdy settlement ot Squat ters' Gulch, was one of those huge, ungainly vehicles wbieb, in the early days of pioneer ing, were Jknown as prairie schooners. Near by, dimly seen through the darkness, were tjrolean, unhappy-looking horses, browsing In a hapless way upon tbe scant herbage ;MHttrihe place afforded. At the foot of this trim a'heap of smouldering embers showed that there mid boon a small fire earlier in the night. This was the scene into whiob Glan ders peered hall an hour after the tragic oc currence I have just described. For a long tirae hesat, thoughtfully and silently, upon tbe pole of fhe ^aggpn. So far as any sign of his was concernedhe might have been asleep. Possibly he was going over1 the events ot the evening. Perhaps he was framing a scheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he eame out ot his reverie, and arose to j his feet. Thomas Glanders was a methodioal man. For years he had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that any of his companions oould discover, but nover&omplaining; of ill fortune or pain. Men sujfposed he mUBt have money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never h&diliffioutyy; in«iaetmn bis obligations. To tbe suffering he was always kind. Indeed, tbe local olergyman, who found few but sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomas Glanders oould be relied upon, when oharity was needed, to give. as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about iin. He lived by method. He arose and went to bed at oertain hours, he ate at pres cribed times, and he drank his four glasses of whisky every day as regularly as he breathed. His was a pure matter-of-fact life. Whatever bad luck eame to him-and it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune-he ac cepted It without a word of oomplaint. Jf, as was rarely the case, he bad a touch ot more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was never a sign ot Jubilation in bis oonduot. He rarfly talked, saving when words were absolutely necessary. What he had to do he did, and he made very little fuss about it. Whan Glanders arose from his position upon the pole of the waggon, bia first operation was to pile a few stioks of wood upon the coals. In a little while there was a blaze, w moIj, after sputtering a moment, gave out considerable light. This illumination, or the sound of Glandsr'e footstep about the place, apparently aroused some degree of life inside the waggon, for there was a slight move ment, and then a ohildish voioe, rather petu lant in its tone, said: "The old man, I s'pose-dog-gone him." " Shet op I " responded another voioe, obviously thatot a lad," or you'll get another ianupin'. Et he's full, he's sassy." Glanders leaned against tbe tree, and all beoame quiet again. For tbe sepond time aidoe he had arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, and, as before, his reflections ware so absorbing that he lost all oonsoious ncss of what was passing around him. He did not even no'tioe that the canvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aperture thus formed. It was entirely without his knowledge that the.owner of those curitus eyes stole out of the waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not nntil she spoke was he aware ot her preaenoe. "Where's the old man?" were the first words Glanders heard. They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the younp face that was up turned to his. Perhaps it vraB the flickering of the firelight that caosed the quick shade that fell across his face. But it looked, like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at. his silenco, went on, impetuously: "Don't you hear? what in biases is the matter of you? Where's the old man ? " " Down the gulch," replied Glanders, slowly and with some ^iffloulty. " Oh," said the girtajUb an odd mixture ot aaroasm and ouiktiiW* " Ha aentftou up to ?>/ he was drajfc'jFjjj'pos#. fiiid he ° Vwfcig' -didn't he? Told you to (ell as to look sharp, or he'd lick both of us when hs got home, I reokon-hey ? " " Does he beat you, then ? " asked Glan ders, with a weak attempt at evasion. "Does he? Now you just bet ho does. Aml'I've pot my opinion of a}big loafer that licks a little gal like me, what oan't help hersolf. Some day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll get put under the daisiiH with his boots on-you hear me 1" Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But be was strangely attracted to the big eyed, rtagh-spoken little girt, who stood there looking him in the taoe and ejeoting her wordajwith an energy that would have been ludicrous under other oinsomatanoes, She was'a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was early and light, and it fell .in a -tangled mass over ber (orehead and neck. She was - poorly clad, and her brown feet had long been strangers to the .cramping in fluence ol shoes,, There was a touoh of great pity in Ur. Glandei-'s eyes as he looked at this child standing there in tbe firelight and re garding him fixedly. "Come litre," he said,-after a while; V oome here and talk with me. . I wa,nt to ask you {some questions." He went over and eat down again upon the pole of the waggon. The giri looked Bt him lor aj.moment without moving. Clearly her first impulse was to resent his suggestion. Bat that design lived only for a moment, and she approached him without shyness. "I'll do it," she declared, in a voice bom whioh the sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who yo'a are, but I like yon, though t can't tell why. It ain't oause you're hand eomer-that's dead sure." Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appear ance. With him ft was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me,"..he said, when the girl bad settled herself on the'groand in front of him, " do you like the old man ?-are you fond of him?'' " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, " I oan'teay aa I'd like to aat him. He's too handy with the back of his fist to make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, as though ho felt relieved tram some anxiety. "But then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, " yon can't quite bate a man when 'he's the only purteotor you've got. Ugly ae 'he vtf, he put all the bread in my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remember thati Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer {bread. But as a getfr&l; thing be did the best .he Icnowed how, and Say, what ate you thinking : about so h&rd; ? " <JIanaere was just at that moment thinking he waB abont the dar)iest criminal in the worjjl. To save himself from possible destruc tion, he bad killed a fellow-being-an act, I regret to say, which was not inffloiently infre quent in those days, and in that section, to call for any apesial regrets upon its own ao oount. But Glanders reflected that in de priving the Missouri bully of his life, he bad also taken avay the only prop upon which this helpless child leaned for support. It was a reflection which, filled bim at first with dismay and eelf-reproaoh, and'then with a OBrtain definiteness of purpose. "Bis," nid he, after a moment, passing bis band ever her straying carls with a kind of rough tenderness that was not without its element of magnetism; " sis, ef thar was a man>-mind ye, I don't say thar it a man but ef thar was one as oome to you and says, ?ays this man, ef co be as you two children wants a home, bein' without one, ye can oome and live along of me, and though it ain't a refined and eliygaht anode, bein' built n* it were in the first rude stages o' civilization ef any man was to eay this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would you answer ? " The girl looked full in his face. "Answer? Why,I'd oollar the offer like chain-lightning-only," she hesitated; aii instant-11 only the old man never'd stand by and lot me havesuch a good thing aa that -never." '' He'll never' bother ye any moro, my child," said Glandfirs. » Do ye feel very bad about it?" " Sad ? " ah« echoed. " Yes. The old man has. been took, as it were, to put it gently, to Abraham's booeom. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye in$> his home is the one as did it." _Tbj young girl started back, and 'regarded* Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, hut rather a. look of astonishment. Pre sently, after peering into bis eyes -for some little time, aha said: " Then I don't believe it was your fault. You ain't the kind of a man to do that sore of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's a-stonishin* he hasn't ketched it afore." Glanders took a deep breath, whioh sounded like a sigh'of relief. " Then," said bo," we must be tnovin'." In the morning the camp of Squattero' Gnloh was surprised to see a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to the door of Glanders's cabin, and, later in the day, it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the plaoe. Who they were, and where they oame from, was a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was oonnocted with the death ol the Btranger wasnot a theory whioh occurred to many of the citizens. One of the leading explanations put farward by those who con versed upon the subjeot was the proposition that Glanders's supposititious wife in tbe States-an appendage whioh was attached in a greater or leas degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality had forwarded her children to be oared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought or ex Steased upon the subjeot, Squatters' Gulch id not oarry its ouriosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on the hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. Tho new residents had quietly domesticated themselves with that affluent confidence which is the dis tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of the west, whiohf being cast this way and that by the changes whioh constantly ooour in new countries, readily aoouBtoms itself to fresh surroundings. _ One night, sitting be fore the fire, with his short olay pipe in his mouth, and tbe children on the floor at his feet, dreamily regarding the coals, Glanders brokothe silence. " Bis," said he, " I don't want to pry into no family secrets of yourn, cos it ain't none of my bnsiness portioklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't reasonable fer me to go on always a-callin' of ye ' Sis,' and the young ohap 'Bub.'" " That's so, I reokon," promptly replied the 1 young girl. "My name's Lucy Brytoo. And his'n," pointing to the boy, his'n is Robert. His t'other name ain't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother. Bit name is Itathbun-Robert Rathbun. Hello I What's up, Mr. Tom ? " "Notbin'," replied Glanders, whose taoe had suddenly beoome rigid. " On'y I drappod my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, ouugsters. I want to think. Hold up a it. What became of yer mother-Bob 1" " Dead, sir. Drownded in the Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her Binoe I was a baby," When tbey.;wenm>ne, and lor hour* after ; ward, Glandsn aatjjoahtng gloomily' In^o the " P.re gal," he mattered, after a long time. Ef matters had coma out a lecllt different, that would hev bin my boy. Mino. Well, what to hinder now ? " Having by some acuta mectal'prooeBS con vjooBd himself that nothing was to hinder. Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. ' ! S - - The soft autumn daya, gilded by the clear! and genial Colorado sun, melted slowly away I w*° «».a»p and vestal winter. Then came i we budding spring, the lasy summer, sod I vi « . n® again- So the weeka i glided into months, and the months closed into years, Dntil Squatters' Gulch, aBhamed ot ite rough and uncouth name of other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion Oitjr. There were other changes, too, in the genial atmosphere surrounding the plaoe. The rough and somewhat unoouth dwellings which formerly covered the steep sides of the ravine had.almost entirely disappeared, and therf plkoas ware filled with more sightly oottages. The busineas part of the town had grown oommsnsurately with the other por tions of Clarion City, and thejpiaoe presented si8htl5' appearanoe, cosily t&cWa; SM&Jr; attong the plnoe-eft'd foothills. In a tasteful cottage, far toward the outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas I Glanders aid: the tnef&tam; D( his lamilr, who have heretofore been described in this vera oioos narrative. It was a pretty place, and it I *as marked here and there by the unmis ta.ka.ble traces of a woman's presenoe. Neat i white oartains hung in the windows, a ham mock swung on the verandah, and a trailing I vim grew over the posts by tbe door. One J night, bs the sun was olimblng 4own across the western sky, tbe verandah was occupied by two young pesple. A strong hearty young man | was swinging in the hammock, while sitting I beside him, idly moving the network baok warf and forward, was a lithe and graceful iirl. She was blushing deeply, bat not hmg °B Wf head. There was, indeed, in her large biae eyee a look of open frankness, which I do not think is often found about the laces ot young women when they are diaoussing the subjeot which was at that moment ooaapvim? her attention. "There is something which seems almost like aanrilege about it, Robert," she said, with s touch of remonstrance in her voioe. " I had grown to think you my brother in reality, as well as by association." " But you love me, Xiucy. Yon have told me ao. His voioe was deep, and not en musical to the eafc And it bad about it, in the tame o£ pleading, a persuasive tesdarnes* whtoh, I fear, more than one of the fluttering damsels of the Gulch had found it difficult to resist. But Miss Lucy was not ot the com mon sort, and aha did not heedlessly assent to the proposition advanced. think?"''"*ha ftSk°d' PW"0''?. "would he It was apparent that the young man did not require a more definite descriptive term to understood who was referred to. "He would scarcely objeot, Luoy. You imow he loves both of us very dearly, and bis greatest happiness would be in making us " replied MiBS Luoy, thoughtfully. !.ru' "rlhe would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Bobert-yon know we owe him a very great deal. Our home, our rescue from an existenae that would have left us both more to be pitied than if we were doao, our education-all were given ns by him. brin« The young man in the hammock was silent for a moment. " Tell me," he said, in a little while, " why you suppose there is any danger that be trill object. Miss Luoy'g face assumed a deeper scarlet. 1-I-well, nothing. It is probably my imagination." ' * "Will you ask him?" Another pause. Then in a low voioe: **?. I wul ask him to-night, if he does not speak first. If he consents, Bobert, I will do ail that you have asked." "That's a dear,eweet Lucy," exclaimed Bobert, springing to his feet and kissing her lips. " We shall be very happy." As he strolled down the TiiU, Miss Lnoy's «nes followed his retreating figure sadly. When he WBB gone she drew a long and slightly tremulous breath, and laid her head *gu»st the post. She rtill sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thnm.t Glanders, returning from his offioe at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not qnite the Thomas Glanders we have knows hereto* fore. His eyes were serener now than they were of old, and his tread had sot that ele ment of hesitation which formerly marked it, Thomas Glanders, mine . owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the bene . V0' ®&Hcitous; female society, was rather molmed to be as ornament to his sex, al though there were moments,/! most relate, when be did not oeoapy a similar relation to the English language. " Good evenin', Lucy, he said, kindly, as be drew a chair up to her side, and seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against his knees. "I met Bobert as 1 came up the hill. A fine boy, that, Luoy. I'm as proud of bim as if I had bees his father." A moment oi silenoe, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quiokly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glanders picked it up, and held it in his own. It looked so small, eo white, so lovely, in his great palm, that he speedily oovered it up by drawing his brown fingers about it. a ^*5 ® whiter hand," he began, slowly and reflectively, "though it ain't much bigger than it was when I first took it into mine, that night under the big tree. Ah, my girl, I didn't see then, and I didn't get to imagine Jhat you would bc^ so dear to me some day. I didn't know that in the oourse of time you would get to be-what you are to me. If I had " Another pause. This time Luoy was slightly trembling. 0 ' " If I had," he oontinued,111 should almost have been afraid to see you." "Afraid?" The word came reluctantly and almost iij a whisper. "Afraid I might some time lose you S j < some other love but the regard you had for clumsy* poor-spoken old Tom Glan ders might some day be Btole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man." Mr. Glanders arose and walked to the other end of the verandah. Then he came slowly back and placed his heavy hand, tight enough 1 now, upon the Bunny head. " Lucy," he oegan, " child, you are more to 1 me than I oan tell-more than I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for pe, but one rest after my life's struggle. And it has been a struggle, Lucy, that ain't always oeen easy for to get the best off. But, Lucy, I don't want to find fault nor to complain, if it has brought me you. Eh ? Why, ohild, you are oryin'. Deary, if I've said anything that s grieved you, don't mind me. Lucy, I'll never speak of it again as iong as I live. I take it all back, Luoy, I do, so help mo God I1' Mr. Glanders was down by her side, hold ing her hands, and trying to soothe her. In a moment she beoame quite oslm* " You have been kind to me," she said, after a little while, 111 was only a stranger's child-a stranger who would have taken your life. You took me in, and oared for me, and worked and toiled for me, so that I might have oomforts and be happy. You took me. a ragged, rough, Ul-bAd ohild, and yon gave ohanqs to beo^^aiady^^foahiTr " Dpn't speak that way, Lucy. I didn't calculate to buy your heart. I didn't, Lucy, and I wouldn't take it like that." " You didn't bay it, you-you won it. Tom, I love you very, very dearly. It may not be the kind of lore you expect, just yet; but, by and by, when we have grown used to each other, when we have forgotten that we wore " " Father sad daughter, almost," he btoke in. "Are you sure, Lucy ? Will you never regret this?" "NeverI" she cried, impulsively. ."But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it done at ones 1 It-it must be without de lay, or-or" She did not finish the sentence, but with a ?harp, oonvulsive kiss upon his brown oheek -a kiss wliioh sounded almost like a gasp she was gone. In the gloaming upon his porch that night Bat Ur. Thomas Glanders, a very happy ms». Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow, and pain that could never come to him now. In the future-what ? He could not answer, though it seemed very bright. .It was quiokly and quietly aooomplished. Almost before the staid oitizenB ol Clarion City were out in the streets, Ur. Glanders and his bride had walked to the little ohapel down in the ravine, and back again. He had no ticed that Lucy waB very pale that morning, and that there were long, deep lines in her face. Clearly she had not slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the foci to a weakness ol the sex, and imagined that a little familiarity with the new relations would soon wear it away. Robert did not oome home during the night-a habit whioh, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Ur. Glanders had wished to defer the quiet oeremony until his arrival, butLuoy had refused with a feverish haste, whioh her companion set down to the Boore of diffidence. It was some hours after the marriage that Ur. Glanders, failing to stir up any en thusiasm in Lucy's breast regarding the various topios of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. " She's better alone for a time," he mat tered, apologetioally, to himself. "When I oome baak in half an hour she'll be as bright and cheery as ever." For a long time after he went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at the wall. Then she arose and walked out upon the poreli, and stood looking down the hill, where she had [ last seen Bobert pass a*ay. In a few I moments she beoarme oonscious that Bomeone ' was near her. It was Bobert, white bs a ghost, j and trembling nervously. She looted into | his faos bat oould not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, whioh 1 spoke more plainly than words. "Yes, I know," he said, in a strained and worried fashion. "I heard it as I came up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lacy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you oould make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not tar away, but it was not noted by the two yonpg people. " I have oome, Lucy," continued Bobert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, " to say good-bye." " Bobert 1" she gasped," do not, do not go away." " I must," he said, in a strange tone, re gaining s part of his own force as he saw a touch of weakness in the woman he loved. "There is no other oourse. It would break my heart to stay here and see you the wife of another. It would wear out my hfnor, my gratitude, my manhood. Day by day, all that is good abont me would fade and fade away, nntil I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must be, Luoy. We love each other too dearly to have it otherwise." She was silent. " flood-bye, Luay," he said, more quiatly, taking her hand. "Good-bye," eho whispered in a choking voice. For a moment he held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the eun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to steal away. "Try," said Bobert,struggling hard to re gain his composure, " try to forget me. Ton can only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember me only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with-with only a-a brother's love. Good-bye. God bless you, little sister." He turned on his bed and to>k a step for ward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention. " What was that 7 " asked Iiuoy, turning if possible a shade whitet. In a moment they were bath under the great pine tree which stood a few paoes up the side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft oarpet of pine needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyes, a smile on his lips, and her portrait on bis heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child. Lcandcr Siehardton in the Argonaut. 