.EcCHORB OF MfLBOE 1?fTE... . a (B TirkCdGiosei.) Members of libthLegislative Chambers appean±itogabftilly ilive to .the lfiat that in three weeks',time -they .will be officially thanked by hisa Exellency the Governor for; thei :gret ttiexertibns: in the Parlian mentarylarenaand severally dismisAd to. anjoy tlheirr;rloium?,.corn'? or.!' sine' di~la-_ ltec, in thewavy <mosb. congenoiAl otdtheir individual tastea; . The lsession, ' whiclih, at onetime threatened to.be a barren one, owing to tei eil eliWi8f 'flute ad bb6che, eilit'amdidgdnoburhble · iniilbrs, wRill nolr ~~regaru n n uut eue placed on tile Statute Book, rival its pre decessor; whll'litld ":injojitahcee of tlhe sibjcdt dalt.·wiith.is such as to inark thle sittsiig "Abou t ~o'terininato" h one' of the most importah'nt ever. held, in the colony. To pass a measure wliih deals with the whole of the still unalenated lands of Victoria, and to "settle tlih- raiilway -ioiicy of tho'eosmtry for abnie ten years to come, would of themselves be dchievements of'=ihich anji'Msnistry mdight libOe proud. But when it'islborn ?i mind that, besides these legislative pieceside reistafcbie,,, time lias'bcen foi'rnd' to discses "a i?iubmler of minor matters, and apply legislati~ Neniedies" to ·s'i6li lparte' of" the body politic as required' u rgcnt treat. pent, MIr. Service .,pond' his colleagues nap asusorlly be contatiulated on having 'd6t ia gbod 'leal'tidards 'disreediting the pessimist prophetswho confide?dtlyasscrted that,.coalition 'Gvrernments prere alway weal:gabds ?gnrahly in? peten t:. N6 abstract. Buit twe niow, the exc4l?tibn rves: th8riulde arid the: Ministry over khich M?r.Servi'cep sides is the exception; If there be a.crumpled loaf in?~ the Minis: terial bed of roses, it will be' .fuld iii 'thd shape of tlihd Couiicil' iam~feiidinments 'to thd Land Bill;~ Tlie :claiiiis 'of '"tlepoor pastoral tenant" have received: mr?tlan a full share of recognitioni at? the lusds of the Upper HIouse-far more indeed than the Assembly is :likely to conceds-' dif the bill is to lbldossoim into an attiihere must be mutial:onicession, aiid a go deal of tact and:forbearance shown in 4eling itithtloieaiseiaurh. 'At present thlere is. . i"id: gul. of "odi'vergent opinion to be Ibridged overi ::Wilthe "engineers' 6flih two Chambers be able to solve the p'roblexi satisfactorily ?''If: nbtlio the agius spu? of the session ,will have" to go.bytli Beard, and tho'Servi e-Berry Administra tion rest '6n.tht'lusirels ac"qired in passing the Minilg-oin: Priv~ate Pperty autli Railway Bills',aiid the other measures oe less limportthat' have benri engrafted on ourlaws.:' s Should the Council not devote the '?ieatr portion of its semaining-timebeforo-the re cess to discu;ssing the Railway' Bill, and the retonsidering of its owin am6ndumnt' d itlue Land Bill, with some of which theo-Ls. .a6mbly.:is .oceriit~in "odioagree, th': uisial sessional "slaughter oftlhe'innocent?' :will not,be a very sanguinary:operation. Tbeo majorityof victims will:be the offspring o gentlemen, outside. the Ministerial ;known as" 'Private Bills," aisdtlhe Aumeid ing FactoriesAct, .which ila'been received withl-such .scant favour; ithat' no- grest anxiety,willi be shown-to give it di place among tho:aots.presoited~to thie Governor for the Royal assent, when the prorogation takes place ':o opr (about!' the ;13t of December next. . i,"o :f Notwitihstnidnsgsoume vague hints in the Counpil of, "a short' sitting'after Ciiristmini," the HIouso~ 'are besingspuitoiu 'der for the ,reess-s-that, peaceful legis i f'tigiht in whirl no man can work;'," b ati' ill" events during - which, no legis' latr isexpected to do; anything. . During thsd week the Assem?bly has passed some half-dozen.bill.,throughl their final stages, thh iiost 'iiiporfiint.being thie Residence 1icas, tliu&Pateists;, and the Dog Bills. In acoidance'b..~vitl he eter nalfltnsess of thinms, thesr6 was a considerable amount of sniiruing over the later: measure, "howing Ithat, Dr. Watt, notvthstanding, there are others "besides the members of-the caninie., species., who ,'.delight to bark 'a lhibite." Th e' friend of man" received so6ride, hard knocks during thei coure of thd'debatei. Buat eentially hie claiin: don human "cblsiderationn ivere idcoegitsed to' soine extoein- the tai of 20si per head being, in respect to certain un?ei hers of the family, reduced to'. an annual impost of 5s. Once more has an outbreak of sminll-pox to be recorded. And the wondel' is, not that isolated cases should - tunke tiheir ap pearance, but that the entire community do not contract the fell disease. In the last reported case, the infection has been traced to the cabman' who drove Mrs. Spreadbury about prior to her'removal to the WVilliamstown Sanatorium. 'The authorities have caused thie ' man to. be vaccinated; but it is not''sitated that this precautionary measure hkis been extended to his cab, norevehn'that. thd infected wagonette has been 'disinfected. '' How many persons will contract the malady, in consequence of this "'vehicle of disease" bIeing allowed to carry passengers,' may in time become, an:inteirestizig medical ques tion. It has, of course, been from tiuhe immemorial a matter ofnotoriety that most of the contagious diseases to wlhich London flesh is lheir aiire contracted in the cabs and "four wheelers" of the great metropolis. The authorities charged with the care of the. piblic health .in Victoria ajppear dd sieous of causing :iMelbournie, in this re sipect, tb rival England's capital. .Our .Governor is .setting an example whifei is '?likely to. revolutioniso. society. Wlienever he appe?i-i in public he is accompanied by Lady Loch. Whetlher the occasion be the opening of an agricultural society's exhibition, a civic or jubilee banquet, or a school prize distribution, the partner of Sir Henry's joys and sorrows is ever at his side. His Excellency evidently. tliihk that to leive :his "'betteor 'lialf "'at home whenain'full view of the world is & p~'beedihg' the reverse of wie. -No 'wonder such a model husband is so popular with' the 'ladies I "' ' "1 . :Mr. 'Murray' Smith 'may ii orme sense bf the word, be styled a." happy" man. Politicians of every slhade' of opinion vie iwith eaich' other in doing honour to the iictorilan Agent-General. 'The bill to in crease the ralary.frobitwd.thousand to two thousand five hundred pounds was passed unanimously, the oily .dissentients from the :proposition being the 'honourablo ieiuhiders whitl?6ught three thousand 'e'dr annium nii a stiflcienty .alylli nount for the "sustenanico of the ,dignity ,of a quiasi- ambassador, and certainly, ,if. precedent., is to guide the decision, the shii"is inadeqiuate. When, on .a former ever memorable, occasion, Victoria sent an Emljisiy" to tlhe.mothe'o country, the '"ambassadors" were each allocated" a sum of a thousand pounds for their ex penses durig:a- month oli six'weelrk inEng land, and so inadeciate' was this suim that it required a large amount, of. gentle. eirisiin to iindude th?? 'two gentlemesn t?d ieturn 'any' balance of iunexpended nihneyn into the State coffers" 'If 'Messrs. Berry iand Pearson found it difficult' to umalke both ends meet on some £O00 a meitli,' it is hardly fair to expect Mr. Murray Sn'mith to support the dignity of his position on less than half that amount. ' - A day or two since the police of Ballirat were confident that they had at last been successful in disEovering thie murderer of the Chinaman, Ah Goon; iwli0o about three months'sinceswas found dead in a hovel in one of the launes:running ,from: Little Bourke-otriet, iaffect?d, as residences by the natives of the Flo?dry Land. A cow patriot of thedoceased man was arrested and In aidditionil mtconsiderable sunsitof money (ii'gold,'silpveor nain'd bank notes,.a number of coin'yvere fdniid, which it. was 'alleged haddfe'on "'thb' pboperty dof th?I'murdere' d man. These were forwarded to' Melbourne for identicfibati'oi 'None 'of Al' UGooi's friends, however, can remenuiberi. thadtany Of the propertyshown them was ii thddead man's possession.'" The murder' rmtulins, therefore, as much a mysteryas over. , SIf it' b'readlly as fdoolish as tlie lionely aphorism asserts it to be to quqarrel ith one's bread and buttero it imust, afo?iori, be still more unmise to 'iiurrel?isitho?oi's free banqueoti'" Mmberi of Parliiament'ap pear to be fully award of twi sddoi of the dae, and therfrefore no?oro isliktel 'to be had of the 'illy iquestion of preceodnco raised by Mr. Speakeru Lalor and some.qf the members of the Asssemblyr vhoso '" dignity," offendud :at the d'topst of "The army and navy". be.omig, hondured lefore that of "'. Tlis 'PmwHhtisie'it:' ? Vi'toria," caused thiemi' to:fotget t'eir good mannors, q.d uetire abruptly from" r. Mayor (arter's inaugural banquoiet t'thetu el bourne Town Hall. At the Warrnamibool ub eei -feovitvies huti usual- rouq .[ wa dbaiirv~d, 'aind :th iheilth 'f tho gallant Idofonderrriof oldEnliglarid' goiy drunk before that of the colonial law nhakers.',O';-thisi odcitsion ?o;hnh b f the legislatorsepresoit'left thoerooi i'ca huff. Iefieitisa has doisktlesae since the imetro politan displiy ofdolly,; come to the'aid of the people'sa representatives 1They1 have realised' the ,fat: that the privile gp of IritingeMr:P. after their patronymie don fera no social distinctiowwmhatever;while her Majesty's commission most certainly does. In the British er vice "an ofliber" sand& a gentlebliin !are synonyms. ' Amemb'eir of. Parliamenit is:often-wcll-oily a nieuibeir after all;1for Ievdn "the sovereiginpeiople" cannot cauise the6 Ethiiopian to change his skin, ntrafashioid a silken purse out of a sow's earZ .sY.> Tliero.htis boen a marked imiprovement on last week in. the number of Melbourise playgoersJ ." In: the Tnks.''at'the Opera House has been four woeks on the slge, and still draws good houses. " Estrolla," at the Princess, lias bdrc well patronised,' and! bids .fidr to become i a ::bpular favourite. dnmbng?. comic oper~nis.' A thl Royal,.! Daisy'Farm" has'been- replaed by "The, oProfessor," but MIiss' MIaggie Moore.isi hardlyl in place as-Dais& Browi, "a child of natiire," and the' gentlenian who assumes the role of the"Professbi only serves.to cause us to regret the absehcb'cof poor Fred. Mdisliall. At St; Geoorge's HIll, the.. :' last 'night" of Mr. "Sheridan' is announced,' while' at the Victoria burnt cork! still reigns supreme, Hliscock'se-Min strela, in'!5Lono Gun," fooling thu public to the top of their bent. ' Nov: 22.'. '.1 ';;'. 