Caulfield Cap and Guineas. ' BY CASPIAN. JffÀEDiiT hara tho echoes of the' "À.Ji'Ô.; ?pring QRrnival .ceased, than turfites are agaiu inri tad to muster for- the great campaign of.tho BOU tb, which opens in the glorious month of October. Caulfield, " Goodwood of tho antipodes," opens the ball, and oalX9-»CZ! v^aro than passing notice. Sinee Hr. N. TL. D. Bond na«, .©laced in secretarial doty, Caulfield .is quite meíaínor^^'i ia,- chara*t«r. Instead of the heath, eaua, ânà -£.3?* *f the ancient course, it is- now of tha most modern style, and attracts Hs thousands. Thia yoar tho club havo made a L '1 üid for patronage amongst racehorse owners, tmdJL^vB mot with a pood reeeption, the pi ca de retisi^iBboiLg the Caulfield Csp, and with the Guineas I will conclude my week's gossip. Commancing with the 60 odd left in the Chap, Sir Modred and Commotion hoad the Hat of weights, and aa there is no likelihood of their start ing, nor yet of Malua or Welcome Jaok, their chancos ean be dismissed. Fryingpan, with 9st 2lb, ia about the best in of tho heavy weights, and next to him I like Boolka with 8at llb. Capri bas2lb less, and from accounts to hand will be a very hard horse to heat. Hastings, tho Hawkesbury Handicap winner, has to oohoedehim 51b,and takenthe winner's indifférant form into consideration I fancy ho cun bo made a 71b better horse, and with that improvement mil be the hardest horse to beat in tho race, espacia» if the pace is made anything like fast. Of the cÄerss Sir Garnet appoars to hold a numher safo, bu- owing to his "dicky" understandings there is a tfoubt about his starting. Soaramouoh, The Ghost, and Ironmaster are a trio woll treated, so is Maronoy at 7st Bib, but the stable is best left alone until tho day. Conjecture and Ned o' the Hills at 7at 71b each are' very nicely weighted, and judgin? from their ' previous running at Adelaide and their present good condition are about the likeliest to supply tho winner. Tately and Büitailous aro of the Warlike family only to be trusted when in the humour. Tho former since ho has been treated to the jumping business appears to Btay better, and, as most followers of racing know what a fast horse he is over one milo and a half, there is justifiable grounds for his being backed. Of his relation I think better, and believe him to he ono of the f astost horses in Australia, and not quito so disappointing ns many people think. Paganini is spoken of as being better than Maroney, and tho horse intended for Cup hononra ; bnt there is so much aocreay and mystery attaohed to the Brighton stable, that one cannot jodee unleaB on the hcrao'B performances. Privateer ia aboutthebest of the Tat division, but he haa not done well in Ma work aince.Hawkeabury. Norfolk ia well in at C3t 3 31b, so ia The Agent at 6st 111b- So far aa looka and bleed ing go, thia candidate should be very near winning. Of the romaind3r I think Helene, Hia Worahip, and Sea Horse about the beat. From the above lot men tioned I like Ilaatinga, Capri, Coulston, Maronoy, Conjecture, Ned o' tho Hille, Yately, Battailous, and Privateer ; and for a couple to find the winner commend me to HASTINGS or NED O' THE HILLS. The Caulfield Guineas ia a race that usually gives ono a line about tho Derby ; but on the prêtent occa Bion thero ia not much probability of the crack colts turning out at Caulfield heath for Guinea hononra. I fully expect to witnoaa about half a dozen or over come to thc post, and those hare performed in their different colonies, events BO well that a good raoo, smacking somewhat of an intercolonial character, may be looked forward to. New Sooth Wales will be represented by Tremando, Cairngorm, Pilot, and i Rebus, while South Auatralia puta in a powerful! claim with Gratitude »nd Holeno, both by Country- ¡ man, a eire that ha3 given us some rare flyers. Victoria will have Loporello, Rufus, Silver King, David, Sirocoo, The Bohemian, and Merrimu. Of tho above lot I don't think anything looka better than Gratitude oe Helene on their recant Adelaide running, and next to them Rebus and Lçjporello. The St. Albana 8table have a good colt, I believe, in Silver King, but they may require him for the Derby, and my ohoioo for winner falla on GRATITUDE or REBUS. 