A BLUE BOOK, isued :on' tie 17thl'of October last, by order of 'the Imperial Government, contains the proposals of General.Sir Andrew Olarke, thbeInspec-' tor-General of Fortifications' for' the defence of the colonies.. These, have been substantially accepted -by the 'Defence Committee, presided over by the'Duke of Cambridge, t'e Commander-i-Chief, and the recommendations in regard tothe. works' to be constructed to protect the outlying portions*: of the British Empire are to be c'rried out'withoit delay. The assumpption' upon which'' the scheme Ii based is the one which Sir William Jor Voils :enunciated 'in the' lciture 'to: (which ' we' drew attention in a; former article: that it is onl necessary, and., only;,,;practicable.;to, 'defend the outlying station!bofl th'e6 empire from flying squadronsof, hostile vessels, pr-" from comparatively small cruisers;"? Shoild any attemipt be ,maide 't despatch large iroicads'on a libs'tile mis. sion to the colonies,'it is pre'aimed that tidings of the preparations- would reach England in time to enable her to send off a similar number of vessels in pursuit, when no doubta good account of the enemy :would be rendered. Thius, the British navy is to form the main line of our colonial defences, and solong-as England retains her naval supreacy-' as from the large sums Iecently voted for the: construction ; of new., vessols' she appears ' determined to do-any hostile nation would have so much to occupy her in the vicinity of home, that it is in the highesit- degree- improbable shel could afford.to send her iron.lads.very far.from her own shores. In respect to the defence of Australasia, the mother country, according to the new scheme, intends to accept' no responsi bility whatever. The points which are to be fortified either wholly or in part at the Imperial.. cost are Aden,'-0Colon Singapore, Sierra Leone, 'St. Helena, the Cape.; of Good Hope," Mauritius, St. Lucia, and Jamaica. The sum required for the fortifications of Aden is £128,800,' contributed in equal shares by the Indian and English Governments. The defensive works at the' Cape willnecessitatean out't lay of £202,000, of which the OCae colony will contribute £113,000 by erecting the requisite batteries at Table Bay. 'At Sition's Bay the British Government pro pose to expend £89,000. All the othdr places mentioned will be defended entirely at the cost of the home Government. The colonies not mentioned are evidently expected to .carry out their own defence works without any assistance, so that unless the federation of the Australian colonies should become an event of the near future, the defence of the important strategi' position' of 'King "George's' Sound ' will devolve; uipon th," cdm-. paratively poor colony of .Western Aus tralia. This is certainly a defect in the: scheme. This. coaling station is without doubt of far greater utility as a point d'appuli 'that Port Latiia in the Mauritius, and, we should think, 'stands more in need of help than the remote dependency on the other .side of the Indian Ocean. Doubtless Sir Andrew' Olarke was inflnenced .by the experience. he gainedof the wealth and loyalty of this portion of her Majesty's colonial depen dencies when Surveyor-General" of Via toria, and therofore entertains the belief that Australasia will defend all her stitions at her own expense, and is rich enougl to 'bear 'tho cos't of fortifying' King George's Sound. ,'It is not too much to expect of the patriotism of Australia that as a whole the duty should devolvee upon her; of-. f6rtifying:one or two of leading coaling ports. "No doubt the shipping that passes by King George's Sound is muoh more British than colonial; and,: as the London Times points out, "'although India and the Australian colonies may be thought capable of protecting themselves to a great degree,. their defence is also the interest of the Imperial Government, which ought at least to take the initiative' in ils organisation." - To some Australians it may seem unfair that the defence of- dependencies, ' the great bulk. of tli trade of which is with Great Britain, should be left to the care of the colonists 1 themselves. But on the other bhandit must be remembered that England really contributes a larige share, towards the defence of the ouitlying portions of the Empire,,. The'?"onily hope of defence against tlied??tt'ack of the colonies by powerful ironclads lies in the British navy, and it is, therefore, not imposing an undue ,burden on: Australians to ask them to provide those fortifications and minoridefences capable of repelling an attack b lightljarinied essels. We must again repeat thit to Afstrtlaiian cori inerce?:King George's! Sound. is of more -importance-,than,' any.?-othero- harbour on; the continent -ofAustralia., The isolatediposition it., occupies, on- the direct'i traok'of.'ahips" 'on the outward and inward routes, via the Sezk Ciabal, woul drender it of peculiar servic te'an enemy in harassing or destroying Austra liisian commeirce; ansd eveni vessels making the passage round the Cape of Good. Hope could be coniveniently: attacked by: cruisers issuing= fromi the Sound. The Mediterraneaniii has, iiince the occupation of Egypt by our troopa, ,become more than ever "an English lake," and both Great Britaifni? and India shouild ensnre t(he safety of the entire route through the Red Sea. To Australia:the duty primarily appertainis of renderilg secure the mari time highways, via King George's Sound and Torres .Straits.. Ere many years have passed, the Imperial Govern ment'..will .be compelled to take the requisite steps for protecting the Lwaterway the Panama Canal will open through the Pacific. If the anticipations of MIons., de Lesseps are realised, the Canal will be completed in 1888i'and England mnaythen have ample cause for regretting that the opportunity at present existing, for ! sele3ting one or. two coaling stations in Polynesia has been alldwed to slipby. Meantime it is well that .:theflproprietyr of,' placing King George's .Sound in i'thlioroughly efficient position to resist any possible enemy, until the ships onthe :Australian station can come: to the'crescue~ abhould inot-be lost sight of. It will' bse lardly com patible with the anxiety"" have displayed to. lsecureoNeiv ,Guinea ufrom, foreign occupationh, "if we allow King George's Soiund to remain at the mercyofiany arnied cruiser that in case of war would occupy it as a coign of vantage wheiefrom the commerce of Au?tralasia` could be destroyed., Welhave, however, reason, to believe that the ;importance of this matter has not escaped 'the attention of the Imperial, authorities, and that the representations which have been 'made are receiving' full consideration. It is, therefore,,probable that before long we shallhear of some proposals being made for the fortifica'tion? of Kinig 'Georg's Sound, Which we believe has many natural facilities forr defensive 1opera rtions. mnE Launceston Marine Board,'.as at 'present 'co~nstituted;, :will meet ;fur, ,ills 'las time o' 'the. 23rd, inst., and on the first Tuesday in the iew year, ,the 1Board, as donatituted, according to, the:require-; menists of the act. passed "during last sessioni oParliament -48 Vie.,i No: 19 will probably assetiblefor the.tirst"timne.i 'Tlha number of Wardens on the now Board'will'e,as'ourr'readers are 'aware, nine? inistdlad of five ."as 'at present. "A notification will probably appear 'iiin next ,i uesday's Gadette aninouncing that the Governortinoiounicil hasi' appointed the gentlemen already , nominated by the Chamber : of Cummerce and Municipal Council, ,together with two at -present 'nomiinated by the Governor-in-Gouncil,. as Wardens of the .Launceston Marine Board. The new Board will consist of thoefollowing.:-The Mayor. of Laurineos ton' (Mr. 'By. Button), the Chairman of the Chamber . of 'Commerce (Mr. Win. Hart, MI H.A.), the Collector of Customs (Mr.'' J. W. Campbell),' Mr.' A. Harrap (the "present Master Warden) and . Capt. E. L: Ditcham-' nominated by the Governor in Council Messrs. R. J. M'Kenzie and 'R. J. Sadler-nominated by' the Chamber of Commerce, and Mr. By. Dowling and Capt. S. . Tulloch-nominated : by the Municipal Council. The new Board will at. their first meeting elect. a Master Warden for the ensuing year, and already there are several candidates for that poei tion. A large amount of responsible work will come before the new Board almost immediately, and it will be their duty to see that the .works of improve ment initiated by the present Board are faithfully and well carried out. The public'will wa.chwith interest the work ing of:the.'new Marine Board' and the act under 'which it is constituted, which is on' its trial as .an .improvement .upon that under whioh the old Board has worked for so many years past. Onan CLE 'NEws.-Thero is no sign of the 'Franco-Chinese war torminating for some time' to come. Further fighting is reported to have taken place' at Kelung. Admiral Courbet attacked that town, in which the Chinese occupied a position from which they menaced the French, and dislodged the Chinese after a brisk engage ment, during which the Mongolians lost 100\. men. Several iroe'ladi will be despatclied in 'January from France tojoin the fleet in the China fea. The Chinese Government are also making ready for naval engagements, and several cruisers equipped by that Government have sailed from Shanghai.. Sir Julius Vogel, late chairiniu of directors of the Consolidated Telephone Construction and Maintenance Company, will be prosecuted by that com pany, with tlie.object fof rcoovering from 'him the large Iprofits the committee of invdstigation allege he "made out of the Cohnpany. ,French recidivistes are, it is rumoured, 'tobe sent to the French islands in the vicinity of Madagascar, Mayotte, and Mossiba, instead of New Caledonia. VoLUNTEER 'MmIs.-Master Gunner J. Chisholm., arrived from Hobart by the express train yesterday, for the purpose of inspecting the arms in the possession of the. members of thenorthern division of the Tasmanian local forces. Owing to all the menmbers of the Launceston 'Volunteer Rifle Regiment not having brought in their rifles, Mr. Chisholm was unable to inspect them yesterday; as intended, and members are reniinded that 'nless they sanl them in at once they are liable to a fine, which will be enforced.' Sicarnn CONCERsT AND' Onoise RECITAL.' -To-morrow evening a sacred concert and orgsn recital will be given in the Prince's Square .Congregational Church, at which the i following well-known vocalists will take part:-Mms. W. Anderson, Misses N. Wadham, A. bl'Donald, M. M'Donald, Messrs. A. J. Scott. (pupil of Mr..W. W. Thoroithwaito), and J. A. James. Mr. W. W. Thornthwaite will preside at the organ. "A collection will be made in aid of Christ Church Building Fund. , Wsarsva't BA?zan;.-The hen. secre tary of the Westbury Public ,Library else where retturns thsanks on behalf, 'of. the committee to the ladies of the Bazaar Committee, in causing the recent bazaar in aid of thi Buildinig Funid to attain the success it did. 'We may mention, that a. supplementary bazaavof the goods still on hiand will take place on St. Patrick's Day ,(March 17th), to endeavour to' clear offthe I debt of £182, for which the' Library coin- I mittee are still liable.. On the 18th of. March a JIrlice sale of the whole of the goods unsold will be held. LAuscseoo PooLICE CouRT.-There was' a clean shiet yesterday at the Polic'o Cort, when Mr. H. T. Ar Murray; P.M., waas on' " the'Bench. ' '' . . ... A AccntrN ., GEO=. -s-?EET..-An arc! dent of a' somewhat serious character occurred yesterday. afternoon . to an employe of the Latinceston Gas Company, named Thomas Hewtt:, It appears that some workmen had incovered.the main in George-street, near. t;& the new ;'cademy of Music, and were tapping tle main for Sthe purpose of inserting a branch pipe fox the use of the building- Hewett was down Sin the hole worlking the drill, when he be Scame overpowered by the escaping gas, Swhich in the confined space he could not help inhaling. The overseer (Mr. Win, SLinton) noticing this, made hit seek the purer air above. Hewett, who was stupe fled from the- deadiy_ effects of the gas leaned against the truck containingheavy . tools, piping, etc., which was standing in the road; but his weight caused the truck which was standing on an iineline and lean , ing, towards the footpath, to tilt, and 1 :Hewett losing ,his balance fell to- the ground', the. - tuck descending upon him witlh, great violence. Assistance was promptly at hand, and the injured man was lifted from his painful position, when he passed from one fainting fit to another. Dr. Stewart was sent for, and on.his I. arrival Hewett was assisted to a neighbour ing ,house and a medical examination mnade. The resalt was the discovery that the unfortunate-man had broken a collar bone and a rib. TThese having been set by 'Dr. Stewart, the poor fellow, who is a married 'mina, was taken in a cab to his home. At. a late hour last evening we were informed that Hewett was in a pre. 'chrious conditibon. ,This is the third time the unfortiiate man ,has broken a collac bone. LAbNsEsozi BENEyOLENT , SOCIETY. The usual-weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Launceston Benevolent Society was held yesterday afternoon in the Mayor's-rooe ,'f Town Hall. Presenit SMessrs. E. L.?Ditchainm (Chairman);' W. R. 3 Barwood, J. Ellis, 'J. Stephenson, T., H. SUrquhart, M. ,Tyson, G. Baker, A. W. Birchall, G.' Babington, J. Tulloch,'and Sthe Secretary.- The relief roll was called, Sand the minutes of the previous meeting were read "iand' eoifirmnied. Two appliba' tions for relief 'Pere 'grante'd ianid wofive cases, which wdre held over from last week for enqdiiy-'were also ordered to'belie lieved. The Secretary acknowledgeditherde ceipt of 10s frbom' Mr. G. Wilkins towards the Christmas extras. This being all tihe' l 'business, the meetiing closed. The Society still appeal to thelbenevolent for Chiristmas donations, which they are certainly much inntEedof.,,,,ri .: LAuNCESTON CHUROI GRAOmuARaScHooL. I-The annual distribution of prizes:atthe Church Grammar. School is r an event always looked forward~to with intorest, not only by the scholars, but, also by, their parenta; and; friends.- 'Last year::various cirdumstances -prevented the usual public ceremony taking place, but this , year, the old- custom is resumed, and-the distri ;butio?i'of prizes and address by the prin I cipal, the Rev. W. .H., Savigny, will take place this evening, at 8 'o'clock, in the Mechanics' Institute. BDiAcoBsIELD F ienDLr SoCIETIES' 'DE?oNSTRATION.-Intending competitors for the'nine events to be dontested for on Boiiigg Day under th& auspices of the Beaconsfield Friendly Societies. are re niinded that entries close with the hon. 'secretary, Mr. George Cokeir,this evening. Taoixs Es, o View., -There. ,s at iresent on: view in Mr. W. Ded man's window, Brisliane- street, the Smedals competed for at the late athletic m:ineting of the Launcestoni Church Grim mar School, while in Messrs. M'Phail ianid Weymouth's-windows: are pev.eral medals and trophies, presented by Mr. and Mrs. Henri, for competition, by the City School Debating Club. THE BANK OF VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. Mr John Hudson, who since March last has been acting as manager of the Laun- ceston branch of theVan Diemen's Land Bank, has been appointed manager. Mr. Hudson has been connected with the bank for very many years, and the announcement of his appointment will be received with pleasure by his many friends. THE KAIKOURA IMMIGRANTS.-The half- dozen English farmers who arrived by the s.s. Kaikoura, and interviewed the Minister of Lads' bof ?'Moiday-witlh refer ence to their settlement in the colony, had another conversation with Mr.' Brown on 1 Tuesday afternoon. The Minister gave them considerable information as to free hold land at present in. the market, and Sthe land available for selection in different Sparts of the colony.- The merits bf different \- districts were discussed, and, Mr. Brown promised to'write to the district, surveyors in the localities the- immigrants intended Sto visit, instructing them , to afford them all the assistance in their power. . Mýfercr. ' FOREST HALL NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. The ceremony of opening the new Wesleyan Church at Forest Hall will be celebrated on Sunday next, when the Rev. F. Neale, President of Horton College, will preach in the morning, at 11, and in the afternoon at 3 o'clock. A tea and public meeting will be given on Monday next at 4 p.m., when addresses will be given by ministers, and musical selections rendered by an efficient choir. Huo's BUFFALO MuINSTELS.L-A very large audience again assembled in the Oddfellows' Hall last evening to witness the performance of the Hugho Minstrel Troupe. The liberal applause bestowed upon each of the performers betokened the manner in which the.entertainment was received. "This dvesiing a complete change of programme will take place, when Misses Verne and Cameron will appear in their new song and dance sketch, and the jokes, etc., performed bjy the Hugo 'Brothers will be entirely now. As this popular company will only appear for five more nights, good houses may be expected. ,, TowN PAmc CosCcsRT.-On account of -the unpropitious state of the weather last evening, the concert by the St. Joseph's Band, which was.tqotake place injthe Town Park, was postponed. BUCKLEY'S Naw HIBERNICON AND CoMEDY ConPANY.-From our advertising columns .it will-be seen that 'oen ?Monday next 'Buckley's New Hibernicon and Comedy Company otien for a short season in the Mechanics' Institute. The name of Mr. R. G. Bachelder, as business manager, gives promise of an excellent bill of fare being presented. Mr., W.C.. M. Pettitt, -the advance agent, is now in town making preparations for the opening night. \- CRESSY SPORTs.-On Christmas - Day sports will be held at Cressy in a paddock at'the back of the Ringwood Hotel. The events, six inunil-er,-.neludd a maiden race, three-leg race, opeehandicap, race for boys kinder 12 years, handicap hurdle, and trotting -rae. 'Intending competitors are reminded that nominations for the handi cap trotting race must be in the hands of the secretary by 9 o'clock this evdnifig. " CiowN LAND SALes.-Mr. W. T. Bell 1willihold a sale of Crown lands in his mart at 11 o'clock this modnidig, when a number of lots will be offered for competition. BEACONSFIELD BAZAAR.-A bazaar, and Bruce auction in aid of the debts on Trinity Church of England, Beaconsfield, opens in . the Toin Hall, ,Beaconsfield, \- MANUOACTURE OF ROLLING STOCK.-NO actual decision has yet ,been come to with reference to the tenders for the erection of rolling stock for the new. railways, and which has been held in abeyance for nearly a fortnight.' The Minister of Lands has obtained more detailed information from the manager of the Government workshops at Launceston respecting the cost of the work, which appears to confirm the estia cints previlusly suxbmitted, and it is very improbable that any of the tenders re caived will be accepted. The matter will not be definitely settled till the Premier (Mr. Douglas) returns to town, but the result will be made known before the close of,'the .week.-Mcrcury. \- Bo"Asn oF, TENDEns.-The northern Board of Tenders, consisting of Mr. A. Jones, .Governor of H.M. Gaol, Launceston (chair nan), Dr. L. G. Thomson, and Mr. W. Windeatt, met yesterday, at noon,,for the purpose of opening the tenders for supplies to the Launceston -General Hospital, Gaol, and, Invalid Depot. Tenders were recoin ueseded by the,loard, and forwarded to the several heads' of flepartments. The ten ders for the erection of station-master's quarters at Deloraine were also opendd -ly? the. Board, and forwarded to the Ministed' 'of Lands and-Works. - *irRIVAL"Or'. IH5IGoAT5.Te 'Lana ceston contingent of immigrants, who 4r: rived frofiiLondon at Hobart, on Monday, last, werespa'sengers by the express train from the capital yesterday. There are 25 assisted i'an/d six noininated inimigrants? One family ias met' by friends at the station, another will leave for Ringarooma to-day; and twol single men will proceed to Scottsdale. They are a very respectable lot of people, mostly young, and seem.to be the very:class most needed in the colony. The assisted immigrants werelodgdd at Bishop's Temperance Hotel, and are now ' open for engaigements. They speak very \- highly- of their treatment on the passage oit from England, and seemed 'to have been very comfortable. Two accidents oc curred on the voyage, one just after round ing the Cape, and the other about a week before entering the River DerWent. The first happened in a very heavy storm, toan old man, who came up on deck, and who, owing to the decks being slippery, fell, and so severely injured one of his thighs that he was confined to the hospital during the remainder .of the voyage. The other accident was also of a somewhat serious nature, and occurred to a north countryman.named S. Teece. Teece was on deck one day while the ship was rolling very considerably, and was pitched down a hatchway abput 15ft. deep. He fell on his side on the rail of the steps, and then forward on to his hands. He' was placed in the hospital until the wharf wasreached, when he was taken to the Hobart General Hospital. No bones were broken, but he received a very severe shaking. Several other assisted immigrants, besides those who arrivedyesterday,were bookedthrough to Launceston,' but on being told that times here werevery bad,.decided to stop at Hobart. The hours for interviewing immigrants for the- purpose of engaging them 'are from 10 a.m. till 4 p.m., at Bishop's Temperance Hotel. CORRECTIONS;.-In mentioning thenames of the ministers and others who were pre sent at the opening of thenew State School in Charles-street, 'we regret . that we omitted the Rev. J. Lindsay, who, though laid aside from.i ministerial work, takes a lively interest-in the school, and is still the 'nominal chairman of the, local Board, though'Mir. M Farielly discharges the duties. We take this' opportunity to supply another omission. in connection with the first ?iunicipal, Council of Launceston, namely Mr. Francis Evans. The annual accounts that appeared in the Gazettce at the close of 1853 were signed by only. six .aldermen,,Mr., .Evpns's name being the qnly one absent; hence we were misled. SSUNDAY-SO0OOL ANNIvaenARYSA.-The an niversary of the; St. Andrew's: Church Sunday-school was celebrated yesterday by a picnic at Penquite, on land kindly lent by Mr. J. Waldenand in spite of the some what-.unfavourable weather, an enjoyable. day was spent. A start was made at 10.30 a.m. from town, 15 cars being engaged, and by the time all the pleasure-seekers had 'arrived, there were' about 200 children, and 50 teachers,. officers, and friends pre sent.' Swings and round-abouts had been erected, andeverything ''was done by the elders to give.; the children a pleasant outing. . Besides dinner ind tea, refresh mente were handed about all the afternoon. The start for town was made at 715 p.m. ',AsRESTEDON SusrcloN.-Mr.Superinten dent Coulter received a telegram yesterday: afternoon from Campbell Town, advising hint that the police there had- arrested a -ladwho had arrived inCampbell Town. on horseback that day, on suspicion of not being in legal 'possession of ;:the. tanimal. The lad was riding a well.bred.a grey mare, 'and stated his name was Macdonald; and ithat "thb himare cane from' the Central Hotel, Launceston, Upon enquiry, Sub Inspector Scott fo6iund this& to 'be i untrue, and any' pbrs'?n havinglist'suchain animat as that described, Js requested to communi cate with the Stiperintendent' of Police at Camdphell Town or Launceston. ' RINOAoos?A P. A. H. AND M. "AssoCIA TviN.-A coetmittee meeting of the above -associition was held atVEdginton's' Hotel TAhn ! Monday. ; The, minutes,, of last mneeting were; read 'and, confirmed, the schedule. approved of, and various other busiilnes got thr?ugh. Dr '. '.i?kley moved that Mi. W? B. Maggs'"be plaed on the: committee, which was seconded by Mr. It. "hompson, arind carried unanimously. Mr?A. J. Joyee promiseda special prize of £1 lsfor thiebest tubofpotted butter, £1 is for the best plate of fresh, £1 1s for the best cheese, not less than 201bs; a gent's riding saddle for the best hunter on the ground, and a silver cup, value £2 2s, for the best fat beast in the yards. INTsRCOLONIAL ITEMS.-Five thousand sheep were offered forsale at Forbes, N.S. W?ales, last week, for 2s per head.-The will of Mr. Benjamin Rolls, a well-known Melbourne resident, has been proved at £.58,482, and that of Mrs. Mary Elizaibeth Cogdon at £21,700., The will of the late hbn. John Frazer of New South Wales has 'bden proved at '£400,000, and of the late 1Richard Binnie at. £199,000.-The Coro rooke estate; which stretches from Lake Corangamite' to Lake Colac, and forms portion of the property of Messrs. -Robert son Broa.,'is to be disposed of in small blocks shortly. The estate comprises 5640 acres.-As one effect of the present lock out in the boot trade in Melbourne, it is stated that one manufacturer last week sent orders to Sydney for £1800 worth of goods. According to the World, funds are coming in very freely towards the support of the locked out bootmakers, and the committee will have a good surplus after paying over £1200 or £1300 on Saturday last to the men. None of the other em ployers besides Mr. Fabian have resumed work. Picquets are still established around the various factories to see that no work is given out, and a watch is kept all night, the locked out men taking turns at watching.-The Municipial Council of Rich mond have abandoned the contract system for 'cleihsing' the" town' for day labour, and, state .lts change is a marked improvement.-?itst week Judge Noel' lieard and 'ranted four, certifi cate applicationsein the Court of Irisolvency in threeminutes. Amongst the applicants were James Carden, of Fitzroy, comedian, and' Victor Prytz, of South Melbourne, gentleman, late bank 'manager.-The sum of £12,000 .has been subscribed by the' Townsville Separation League . towards carrying out the separation movement in Queensland. This is biz.-A ghost has been killed at Bailarat. .A " haunted house"'was bought by an unsuperstitious Sc.otehman, who, one night, was aroused by. moaeing sounds, as of some one in pain or distress, but on tracing them up, he found they were caused by the vibrations of 'some imperfectly fastened boards of the building, upon' which the half gale blowing was' taking 'effect. A few blows with a' hammer .tightened up the boards and killed the ghost.-With reference .to a Court case recently detcided against him in Melbourne; Hanlan states he entrusted the publication of the pamphlet in question to Manders and Co., who, it is alleged, handed tlill brder for execution to Haase, M'Queen, and'Co. When the book was ready, a copy was sent to Hanlan,.who was training on the Parramatta River. He refused to accept 'tho book, stating that the agree' ment between' him and Manders 'and Co. hadibeen broken by the insertion of a num ber of advertisements in the pamphlet. Tan BAn AND WORTnLEss are never imitIated or .,counterfcitcd. This' is espe cially trish of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imiteted is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole World that Hop Bitters was the purest; best, and most valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the i notices in which the Press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H. B. Many others started nostrums put up in similar style to H. B., with variously devised names in which the word "Hop" or "Hops" were used in a way to induce people to believe they were the same as flop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word 'Hop*' or "Hops" in their name or in any way connected with them or their name, are imitations or counterfeits.. Beware of' them. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a bunch or cluster of green Hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's I name blown in the glass. Trust nothing 1 else. ' Druggists and chemists are warned aginset dealing in imitations or counter eit? ... . . ; . c- t WAToHkftrss-CASE;A\ 'm- s (named' Harry Nichollswas arrested ;lat nirsithby Police',Constable Kennedy, chbrged with beiuig drunk and disorderly inlWellingto? street> .,"'a B b. It i ' XIY4iuTE&RatBn.;_It is satisfact'ory to learn thatlthere is a probability 'of the volunteers having a band of their own, the Launceston Rifle Regiment having taken the matter in hand, and the Government providing a portion of the cost. An order will be sent by Messrs. M'Phail and Wey' mouth, who have special advantages for securing favourable terms, to Melbourne to-day for a set of instruments, and the members of the new.band willbe- sworn in, as volunteers, and be under military regu lations. Ma. G. A. SALA.-From .a Melbourne exchange we learn that George Augustus Sala, who early next year will commence a series cf lectures in Australia, under the management of Rignold and Allison, has written by the last mail to say that, in order to prepare for his lecturing campaign, he was on the point of goinig to Brussels for a month's holiday, there to rehearse "on the field of Waterloo" those lectures with which he intends to delight colonial audiences. LONGoFORD SPORTS.-Those interested in the sports to be held at Longford oi. Christmas Day are reminded that accept ances for the trotting and entries for the handicap foot races close with. the hon.: secretary this evening. INTERCOLONIAL ACCIDENTs, OFFENCES, ETC.-On the evening of the 12th inst." Mr. and Mrs. Percy Waxman entered the parlour of their residence on the Sandridge road, and Mr. Waxman struck a match, and immediately 'there was a terrific ex plosion. Mr. and Mrs. Waxman were hurled against the wall of theroom,andren dered partly insensible, and part of the wall was blown'out, and part of the roof blown off. The only explanation of the accident is that the gas jet in the parlour had been left turned on for some time previously. At the Adelaide Criminal Sessions on 10th iist., Robert Thalburn and John M'Cabe, for assaulting Mrs. Edgecombe,on the North Park lands, were each sentenced 'to seven years' hard labour, and 25 lashes.. This is the case where the husband ran away, and; left his wife to the mercy of two scoundrels., -A contractor, named Thomas. Stewart, threw . himself in .: front /of an" ap proaching train at Elsternwick, .Victoria,; but escaped with an injured" arm; -which. had to be amputated at the shouldert,?he fracture of several ribs, and a lacerated: head: ''He now lies in is '`c-i ieal con=. dition.-Peter ' Caiipbell, "th"' iex-bush missionary, who has beenjfour. months' ii' gaol, has a prospect of release,; his wife' being willing to accept lOs instead of 30s ai week maintenance.-Talfourd Young, the theatrical agent, whose body was--found-i the Yarra on 11th inst., had embezzled money and property to the value of £800 from his former employers, Messrs. Lister, Heinry, and Co., besides passing 'valueless. cheques. He.has left five children in a' destitute condition at the' Glebe,' Sydney, and recently married a second wife, who is living at Musswellbrook, New Soiutli Wales.-A. woman named Emma Wisch was killed in the bush, near Mirboo, Gipps land, by the limb of a tree falling on her. Her two children, who were beside her iat the time, miraculously . escaped without' injuries.-The unfortunate servant who is supposed to have been seduced: by a jockey at Hay has gone mad, and has had to be sent to gaol. Heo child is dying, and it is feared the mother will die too. A well-known farmer named James Pigott, whilst engaged carting hay out of his pad dock at.Goornong, fell down dead, from,' it is supposed, heart disease.-A son of the lion. A. Wisdom, late Attorney-General of N. S. Wales, was accidentally shot at Bun dalulla, on 12th inst. - Speckett, the alleged confidential friend of Sheridan, the chemist, at Sydney, has been arrested,) charged with'being an accessory after the facet to the murder of Sarah "Hall, thie' Petersham victim. The Attorney- General has found bills in all the cases in which Sheridan is under committal for attempting to procure.-Thomas Thomas, a young, miner, was descending, the shaft of the. Eureka mine, Mount ;Macdonald, ,N.VS.*0 Wales, on 12th inst., by means of .,rope;, whenhelet go-his-hold -and felL60.feet,. breaking his neck. He was only married about twelve months'!ago, "and leaves a widow and an infant a week old.-The hon. Joseph Docker, M.L.C., died, at Sydney on 11th inst., aged 83. He was in very good health up to the 5th inst., when he was seized with an attack of : effusion on the brain, causing death.-A young woman residing near Ballarat, annoyed by some aspersions cast on her character, threw herself into a dam. She evidently re pented of her resolution to commit suicide, as she returned home "wringing wet," and stated "there was no one there. to hold me -down." The; girl then went into con vulsions. .,,. , . ELECTRIC GAS LIGHTERan.-An ingenious and very useful little apparatus has juist' been patented for lighting gas jets without matches, paper, or anything that can cause danger- from fire. 'All that is seen is an ebonite cylinder, Sin. 'or 9in. long,and a couple of inches in diameter, which nmay be described as the handle. From one end projects a tube, 10ini: or 12in;. long, at the extremity of which is a slot. In this are two metallic points. When set in' motion, by pressing a small'spring, 'ai 'internal cylinder is made to revolve rapidly, en gendering electricity, which passes in a stream of sparks from point to 'point, and ignites the gas jet: The' apparatus will be found very safe and conivenient' for'private houses, and especially for. drapers'.shops, where gas burners are often in dangerous proximity to ..inflammable articles. A few were imported by 'the 'Gas Com-s pany as an. experiment, and the directors were' no plhdisd with them that they have ordered a further suplily, and we have no doubt they will quickly come into general favour. Whilst onthis subject we may add that the present system of light ing the street lamps will soon be? discon-, tinued. By the now method they will be lighted from the bottom of the 'globe by a long rod, doing away With the nodeesity, for using a ladder. The opening in the globe Will be closed ,by "a' ball of wire gauge, which will be pushed aside iii lighting, and will roll bask when thie torch is iith drawn , .., . _ __. . , 