©rifliitttr All Sights Reserved. VIOLET MAVLAND. ; .. Clk^ter ,t£XIV.—Continued. Br Fkaxe Ltss. "tThea come/' was; Violet's^ only answer, as she again moved rapidly forward and in a. few mmutes they were , in the shelter of the haunted West 'Wing.-. • <7 . s , , - -/ •• . i The gipsy looked glad- to be in shelter from t3ie piercing-frosty linecze, but' tlie candle litiht soon betrayed the pinched and starwtfc look of her.flace;. and Violet seeing this hastened to give- her something to cat and'pnepare some coffec over the spirit l'ar.-,]). Violet shrewdly suspected which was really the case, that Leam had staivi«d herself, in order to keep enough money for her jpurney. While the gipsy eat, Violet got some blankets from -the bedroom and wrapping one around the shivering woman made her look and feel ratine comfortable. When she had finishedv eating,. Violet made her lie down and rest,, and following "the same example, both were soon sleeping soundly. At dawn the gipsy woke and 4 roused Violet at once.t: " VVe-have much .tQ talk about," she whispered, "and it i's sa&r; to do it now than when every one. is awafce", later in the day. The ignorant- English, who believe that spirits never talk dnring the sunshine; will not h®' so easily convinced that we are only ghosts! Violet sat up, thou£ ra she f felt sleepy, and would ' gladly ve slepl slept awhile longer.:.; In a ; -few. minutes tliey were eating" their frugal meal and talking in subdued whispers. You imust leave tliis* t6-night,: Donna Violet," -said the Gipsy earnestly, "it will not be safe to remain here longer. • But will you tell me' all I that has happened since 1 you were accused of this crime P We Zihgari can find out a great deal, but qnly about those we know, so there is much that I do nojt know." Violet briefly , gave an account of -al^ that had passed, when she spoke of- her husbandl^tbe -gip K y interrupted her. He will refcorn when everything has come right, but go on." " Violet continued her story, while the gipsy (listened, attentively;- fenljfVinterrupting li'erlibw and then 'to ask 1, fenr k minute description of places or persons, especially WaS ^he' anxibus to hear about Bob and Captain Temple. That is the person who watched you last night," she said quickly, when Violet had finisheddescribing her brpther. " Hie will ^etiirn t9-.iR0.rrow night with a woman who belongs to tlieBomaney race, hut she married an Englishman and waS discarded by our people. She hates you, and aided by-your brother is working all this mischief." Nonsense, Leam, my brother would not do any such thing.-". ,. You think so; Donna Violet, but though an unwilling agent, compelled by vhis woman, he is doing everythiug he can to injure you. You must be-away from here .as-soon^as'the Bun-sinks behind the . He'/iidll Jacedinplish his purpose unless you do, for, th|s woman is. a Itemany an'd fears notliing. Besides she^criows much of our arts. . bhe is not however of iioble birth in J our tribe, and thierefore inferior to myself ih fortunetellinc powers. she. is .clever and will find her way even here." > r; : | " We must leave this." ";But how, Leam?," " I do not know y^t. Can you walk P' " Pretty'well,'but t am not nearly so strong as I used to be." " I know ypu are not," was the abrupt answer, " but can! you manage five miles." Yesi quite easily." And these (friends of yours P May I,think you-called them, where are they ? Are the capable iOf protecting youP" Yes." - v • '•••••• Then we must go. to them,. and , (tomorrow as. soon as darkness falls wb will setoff. Iwill disguise you asaZiugari, and we will be able to walk to the nearest station and : take a j trains to this- pla'cfe. Bath I think you call it. But -now I must ,go a^d procure you some more Zingari looking things than those youj hlaVe on.' I have some- things of my owii, > thad ;I hid yesterday wheal was hfiriying; tofiud jou." ; - , . : " How far away as it P". "^Five miles." . . . ; *' Can* you relacli it by iraih." j " Yes:" - ' ' 4 *"Then as time presses you, must take; a train," and Violet handed, her a sovereign, exphfiningits valuf jitthe same tiHKk.. i. .1...\/ .'. / A ,;*V }-.. }, • : Leam took it gratefully and in a fewi minutes started off on her journey, but; urging Viblet at the same time not to, venture beyond her hiding place. The Gipsy however turned back and looked doubtfully at Violet as if she wished to iay ^ihething. 1 - » "What is it,. Learnt" asked Violet seeing her hesitation. ^ 0ni^4-but you ^rbuld/ndtj do , it so there is no use in asking." " Even if I cannot comply,'with your wishes, still it voiiid-be. just as .well for me to kuow them." " Then I will tell you. It was only to sfee tliis Captain Temple agaiiu lie ; witt not harm you.,'' she added, seeing the look on Violet's face, "and we may gain a great deal by' it/' " But Leam, he is-in ldve with me, and thinks I am still uounarried." "What of that?" and as the gipsy smiled, she shewed a now of white teeth. ' ; • ' j "What of that?" repeated Violet, utterly horrified!' " Why? Leamj I would not meet "him again for the world, but I" will write to -him if you like' and ask him to withdraw the persuit.. _ " Yes, that may do, and, but it is no matter, disguised as you will be no one would ever know you, especially as you are with another Zingari. Adois! Donpa Violet," and , ? the Gipsy: disappeared through the floor down the secret passage, To be continued. 