GEOFFREY STIRLING. Br MBS. LEITH ADAMS. PART IL—CHAPTER XL HESTKB'S G06D WOBK. There was but one opinion among the worthies of The Safe Retreat as to the cause of Squire Stirling's seizure. " Yo' may tell me what yo've a moind," mill Mr. Bindwhistle, addressing an imaginary and obstinate-minded person of assertive proclivities; " but I say as this is ihe way on't, and the long on't, and the short on't. Sorrow may ha' weakened Maister Geoffrey (I've nought to say asen that view o' the matter), but t' ghost knocked him down., " Well, I dunnot know—I conna say," put in Amos, the tanner, dubiously. Not having seen the ghost Amos did not believe in it with the same faith and fervour as his companions. "In course you don't know," said Matthew Hawthorne magisterially; "we none onus know, but we can Bpecerlate, and those on us who have given our minds to legal deductions can deduct. Why not? Therefore I Bay without fear or halting that Z agree with Muster Bindwhistle. 'Tis a ghost to knock ony man down, mind that—a very fearsome thing even to a man of good courage and reasonable mind. How much more then to one weakened with lamentable grief ? Neighbour Jeremy argufies well. „He is one to crabblet on 't panes wi' its fingers," aaid Softie timorously; "It's a way them Boart have, and a sorry way too. It's a way to tnak' a mon troy to get in's own boots yea foremost." "Aye, aye, so 'tis." assented the constable; "andlike enoo, wnen Squire Stirling drew asoide t' curtain to see what was oop. why, theer it Btood, wi' no more loife in 'its face than a'dead fiah." . " 'lis no wonder he gev' a sknke and fell right downa-top of hisself," said Jake. " My own legs shdok under me that toime as I seed 'on flittin' through the trees like a bob-a-link —that did they." " If thee' hadn't such a scarecrow of a body a-top of 'em tty legs 'ud mo&tly; shake under thee, JaRe. They're but frail Drops fertobe a mm's mainstay i' loife, and thatrs the truth on't," said Amos. , The good man was not a little sore in that his companions had seen what he had only " heard, tell ofand that, in consequence, their words were looked upon as more than his; hence his sharpness to , Jake. : "They're the best as t' Lord has giv' me, anyway," retorted the cobbler, " and if so be they walk in the way of righteousness they're ap good as the stoutest." ; "So they are, so they are," put in Farmer Dale from the chimney-corner, where he had b^en more than usually thoughtful all the evening; "and long may it be ere they forget the way to The Safe Retreat, for wi'out thee, lad,, our meeting 'ud be same as a !glass of homebrew wi'out no yed to speak of. Thou'rt the life and spirit o' us, little 'un—thafs -what 'tis." .' Amos growled something low jdown in his interior which no one thought it wise to hear. Then his better nature asserted itself,_ and he looked round the assembly with a twinkle of fun in bis eyes. "fm a bit cross-grained to-night, chaps," lie said, "Fm rnefu' minded i' the matter of that there speorit. I cant stomach bein' the onv one of yo' has hasn't seen't." "Yo' moight ha* had my place wi'out payin' for t" whined Softie, at which a hearty laugh restored the general good humour. But the jolly farmer's laugh did not ring so true as was its wont, and when the merriment had died away, he sjpoke gravely and with a grave look upon his face. "Eh, but, mates,' he said, "moy moind's sore troubled thinkin' on t' squire. Such ups and downs as he's had this mony a year back! Heart broke Atone o' the bank robbery; heart broke for each one on us as though it were for hisself—aye, and wur' too;. raised oop to riches, and greatness as a body may say, set i' the .shoes o' them as was once "great theirsens,. and now, woife and choilt gone like sh&ddera;, and him a lonely suffrin' man, laid so low by God A'moighty'e hand, that there's not one of UB po'r 'nmble chaps but is better off this day ; aye, lads, but it s a sorry tale, and the'wayso* the Lord is past find in' out!" " Yo' may say that," chimed in Jeremy, "for wheer would yo' find a tenderer 'art than yon that's wellnigh broke ? It often ha'- seemed to me there ain't a Sower of a burd bat what Squire Stirling loves it. . To see how tender ne Is a handling the leas test blossom, and to see him feedtn' the burdies when t* frost pinches 'ein ! Look at that bright-eyed little fellow,' says he to me, 'twas on y a day or two ago ; and theer Wur a tommy-tit wi' 's scrap o' a tail jerkin' up and down same as if some one wur pullin' it wi' a string, and he wur lockin' at t' squoire as - hardy as yo' please, and chirpin' as he packed up t' croombs. All loves him, and nOne fears him—that's the pattern o' mon t' Squire is." There was a little silence after this, broken only .by the whistling of breath through many pipes, and the sough of the wind in the big thorn-tree that stretched its long branches above the porch ontside. "I never think of Maister Ralph wi'out feelin* for all the world as if I'd swallowed myown last," said Jake presently. He spoke softly, as we all are wont to speak of the dead, tenderly as it behoveB us all to speak; and heads were nodded, pipes and all, in a universal assurance of sympathy. !"It fair comes over me to believe the thing," Said the farmer; " he were so bright and bonnie, he'd such a laughing eye, such a cheery way wi' him." " Aye, the father's own son, every inch of him. When he looked at you, your 'art were drawed out o' your bress," said old Hawthorne. " Why, when my missus were sick last autumn was a twelvemonth, down he come on that there pony of his, and a bottleneck stickin' out of each of 's pockets. 'Here's stuff to mend the missus, Matthew!' says he, and sure enoo' 'twere Borne port wine as had belonged to t' ould squire and be'n in the Dale End cellars sin' Lord knows when. Eh, my, my! but to think he's gone fair caps i it ao "They say t' Squire never spoke nor stirred for more nor three days after they got him leein' on t' floor like a dead mon, wi' t' ould dog keenin' over him fit to break yer 'art to hear," said Jake, with an apologetic glance at Mr. Bindwhistle as to one who was donbtleas more intimately conversant with the state of family matters at the Dale than any one else present. Jeremy accepted the situation with a dignified nod, taking up his parable with readiness. " For once folk say true. T 1 Squire never spoke nor stirred for three whole days ; on'y moan't a bit now and agen, and drawed his breath 'eavy, same as too' each breath were a sigh. Then 'er perked up a bit, looked about 'un, and askeid if Maister Ralph wur whoam. Yo' may say that wur a poser for all concarned. Well, the Vicar he up and said as how.the young master weren't arrove yet, at which Squire Stirling turn't his face to t' waa' and said 'It's oiry a little more waitiu';' which didn't mend matters for them as Btood by wi' their hearts i' their mouths, an' the yare o' their 'e'ds like to stand oop on end, same as my sparrer-grass i' springtime." " No more it didn't,'' said the farmer, with a guttural grufiness that was the outcome of suppressed emotion. "Tak' it a'together," continued Jeremy, " Dr. Turtle is of a mind to look upon things as better than he expected, for t' Squire's limbs ain't so dead-alive as they wur, and he don't seem Bo'dazed i' the yed, "but he needB a deal o' watchm', and they're fair wore out, to say nothing of Nurse Prettyman settin' up a quinsey on her own account. Then the boy Davey has had to set out down south and mak' enquiries about that missing ship, which, as is reported, went down wi' all hands in the gale as swep' our coast wi' its tail- end on Christmas Eve, and went near to suck down a brig as had sighted her, and tried to make for ner, but was drove to sheer off." " As I hear," put in the farmer at this point of Jeremy's narrative, "Gabriel Devenant's widow has gone oop to Dale End to give a hand wi* the nurse-tendin', and, as I'm told, she's a dab at such-like work." "I wur comin' to that." said Jeremy, aggrieved. " I wur workin my way round to that, neighbour, if yo' hadn't ta'en t' words out o' my mouth." (To be continued.) 