IHB AHA LvrAJIATION OK THE LEGAL rKOFE88IOXS BILL. TO tua kmtoitor the as 2. but,— 1 perfectly ondorso all that Mr. Tolta has so well suited iu your issue ou this sub ject. Dr. Huara, In bis speech in the Legis lative Council, mado out tho bar to ho the most ;<ntiquo nnd learned body that ever exiatod, ani that they always stood up tor liberty. It is a wonder ho did not quote— Si anfi- €6t L-clustitisihi". I'litovifalcnt, at dirfnitibsUm. The dotenco of liberty bus always boon paid for to theso Icarnod legal enthusiasts, ana is not ciuiroly the offeel of gonial disintcrestodna.?. But is the bar of Vic toria ;in itopruviug hodyi' Comparu tho present barristers with those practising between l>54-60f whan it numbered atoougsb its mum bora Stttwoli, Ireland, Michio, Wood, Feliowcs, tSewolI, Dawson, Sitwell, Abraham, Stephen, Billing, Xltginbotbam and Duaii", Where aro they now? JLtvo Ibcy been worthily succccdu-l? In comparison with tti» Qo, tho gentlemen of tho bar now practising willnot, I submit, bear comparison ; for giants iu the pant wc now have pigmies, and it manifestly appears that there is not a man ut tho bar capable of puro eloquence. Dr. Madden alouo of tho Kcniorj can make a fairly good argumentative, scholarly speech, and he i-» also a sound lawyer; but is there a man now at tho has, ono who can, iu tbo proper arts of oratory, rival in any way a Moorhouo or a Strong? is the speaker, like tho poet, Xascilur turn, fit : or ia the nmrked inefficiency nttribn- tablo to want or proper legal ncbools cdncutionj or ia the deficiency attributablo to natural de fect? Dr. Ho irn may well look with .alarm at the colonial bar (the great?r number of whom are bis own educational progeny), and eonjuro up tho ghost of antiquity to maintain the hum bug of mediocrity. Dr. Dooson, too, alas ! These learned gentlemen daro not thorn- selves, after my prediction, move for a select committee ; I ut Xicko Fitzgerald, as un stable as the illusory fro h on hia own boT, who was formerly styled by t m N row. tho colonial Gratlan par cscctiencc% bo, as tiie dummy ot the Icarno i Council, was chosen to vindicate tbo pro- sent position 0: the bar and stonewall tho bill. The honorable Kicko knows more of tho beery Par than tho Supremo Court bar. His skill it tho supply of his own multifarious bars will bo remembered for many a day ut Uastleuiaino and other towns, who ho was busy, iu his young days, laying toe foundations of tbo future peerage by supplying two gallon kogs at tho little shunt o i. 1 Quantum in.utatun ab ido Hectare / It is drier work in tho Legislative Council hail, Alas! for poor Grattniu If ho could prune thn Lords with his owu beer, tilings would look moro coulcur lc rogc there. Dr. Ileum's position at the bar hardly gives bira tho right to talk with authority. What has he dono to reudor his own school of law at tho University efficient? Whero aru his rhetoric and jurisprudence classes? Are the attainments of the young LL. bVs let Jooso upon society as burristcrB auiiiciout to warrant tho public confidence in tho doctor's infantile fledglings? Tho doctor 13 properly credited with a vast amount of knowledge of caao and constitutional law, aud yet fails himself to inspire confidence in clients, and is compelled, instead of socking eminenuo at tho bar, to an nounce himself as a magnificent failure by grasping at pleasant sinecures, from tiie position of the learned Dean of Faculty and holder of oilier emoluments and honorable member dowu to an assurance director guinea pig. What his Dr. Dobson, the othor Legislative champion and Uiiivorrilylecturor, dono torhis profession with the groat amount of leisure tin clients and his pupil at torneys iiavo loft him for pr. per reflection? If these patrcts cuiiscripti havo such a bare recrd, what wonder if complaint be xuads of the inefficiency of th« moro youthful who re present tho bnr, who appear to ho a body composed simply of fortuitous atoms? Si nvmntnentitin retfiiim, circuntspicc. lojk at souio of tho abuses of the present day, e.g.% the ox- elusive audience in Probata Court is maintained for tho purpose of providing for tho junior bar, aud to enable them to hear the sounds of their own respective voices without being star led thorpat. Tho sacred domain which theoretically is for tho juniors' folding ground is frequently violated by the improper intrusion of venerable seuiors a?»d even ox-law officors. and it 13 not a all a wonderfula.sjjocttoaeo SVobband.i'Dockett.iCcr- ferd and MncDeruiott (all aspirants to judgeships) surveying triuraihantly and urging eloquently something concerning to remains of tho nrghty (load, for the paltry ico of £2 4s. (id., and, of course, honoris causa , It is a pity that the dear departed do not respond to the praycra or anathemas of tho junior bar, and make a reap pearance in their ghostly porsons in tho Probate Court to protest that their manes are being dosocrnt.cil by wanton broaches of etiquette, by the learned and mercenary seniors at these judicial wakes in the angust presence of tho Probate Court, which fortumitslr is not now termed tho ecclcsia.stical jurisdiction." No wonder then these pniiricnl Siamese twins Drs. Hearn and Dobsou, start when, in the solemn stillness of niaht, they reflect upon all these matters, and are reduced to the necessity of putting up their codengue, tho Grntt&n; of mnlt liquors, to advocate tho intcrc-stn of the existing bar, or rather of half a dozen members thereof, and preveui th in vasion of fcuch men from the solicitors as Stewurt. Phillips, Drahain, Gillott, Bonneit, Croker, Read, Stephen, who aro all of them, intellectually, or practically at least, on a level with tho present offeto bar. If tbo amalgamation takes effect we wont hear of such abuses as the follow ing Counsellor A., brief© I as junior, directed, by his attorney and client, to keep away from tho senior counsel Blunder- buss in tho Nisi rrius Court, wbo, actuated by the auri sacm fames, desired literally to pursue gold to tbo police court, but was restrained from absconding irom his brief thereto by the prarne- ditated aud ndvisod arrangement of tho absenco of bis .learned junior, who left him lamenting HUa the last rose of summer blooming alone. Thrrj will thon bo a direct responsibility tu the public, ami fees will not be paid unless earned, and, with tho addition to tbo bar of tho nnmos I bavo men tioned, tho public will liu-o an enlarged choice. Besides, tho Judicature Act villto a great extent, restrict tho arts of bathos and bounce, and the calling of bullying nnd snarl ing must be retained exclusively for tho "pur- loins" of tiie Criminal Courts, to ainuso po'b'©- meu and other friend iu the sallory, and choice blangy colloquiali>ma must be left in tho pugi listic halia of Jim Maco, or other Kimilar rendez vous-, which certain counsel occasional!, it is .said, playfully frequent. Councillor Blunderbuss wiil lp't be able, under the altered rfyime. to be, like .Sir Boyle Uoclie'o bird, in two places at once, without being effectively in either, except for tho purpose of anathematising the nnfortunato attorneys' clerks, whom ho generally selects as tho deserving victims of tbe M black bile of personal malignity." Let us hopo wo will havo a working bar instead of an lll-doscwel monopoly by acrC3sivo touters, and tbat the public will bo discern in enough in this, ay in other professions, to select the proper advocate, orator or counsel who will fulfil his duty in his own specialty. At present thesvs»em, In operation to tho satisfaction of six men of horsehair, is to work a spociC3 of unholy alliance, u la tbo trado union ay- tern, for their ppecial benefit: and to th- eselasion of any rising j junior, th? two barristers "n each side pair off, as it in caiied, and leave one on each side in each court to do tho work, while two are always mid by tho public aud t!i ; two clerks, those indus trious lion providers in Selborne- chumbers, have an interesting career in utilising f their spare time, me ting d rily, if not hourly' ! and increasing, bydircction, the fees their mHstere, I at their instigation, require from tho public, increased honoraria being required consequent as it is alleged, on btiBtnos? falling off ! Let other attorneys givo thoir experiences of tho messages those two skilled pblcbotomistas nd to exaspe rated attorneys and their clients, and tho public will realise that coun«ol do not follow tho otiqaottc of their profession by simply ac cepting tho bouoraria tendered, but habitu- ally bring to bear in tbe pursuit of fcos the arts of tbe mercenary and wily bagman. Tbo professions cannot be lowered in tone in consequence of these malpractices: lot us hope- amalgamation will improve it ; it cannot now be deteriorated without being abolished as a naieanco. We are In want of a Demosthenes at the bar. Let us hope amalgamation will produce something superior, or we may say of the bar detenda est Carthi in spite of Hearn's an- I tiquifcies. — Yours, fco, AN ATTORNEY ' 10th September 