..- ..- 4---- -. i 'L.keatdow1i tfoel QUt or" SIf I was a melancholy man,- and wished fairly to'gii ild; I slould'think the most aipproved style of doing so, would be to retir into solitude somewhere, with such lively books to-read as the Sorrowsi'f Weter,'Hervey' Meditations amongst the Tombs, and the last Melbournen Punch' Almanac. The latter, as a .serious and 'saddening publication might be warranted not to raise the ghost of a smile upon a defunct undertaker, unless indeed it was at the unfortunates who invested their sixpences in such ligtt reading. - It is a terrible thought that more than one half of all the taxation of Christian, European, civilized nations, in this, the nineteenth century of.the reign of the Prince of Peace, should be spent in armaments of war for the destruction of.ainen: and property. It shows how verry 'snill ahold the vital principles of Christianity have upon the nations, and as a matter of course on the individuals composing these nations. It is announced that England has forty-six iron-clads against thirty-one in the French navy, but presumably for fear that Italy might unite her fleet with France, it is now proposed ",to build four additional iron clads, to strengthen the harbors by torpedoes, to spend five.millions on c?iseis, and to fortify crown colonies at a cost of one million," and all this while there are millions who are abso lute paupers, and know not what it is to have to- morrow's food secured. What a long way we are : fro thel4tilenium, when the swords artisans or laborers. Wi n'/ih', 1',f ti money annually lost to society and used- to destroy other millions with, shall be turned to reproduction, when, in short, the very wise idea of Jeanette shall be carried out and "Those who make the battles, be The only men to fight." How it would:aimplily matters for: example if Kaiser Williami and Louis .Napoleon had taken a quiet round or two in the 'back' yard, instead of all the sorrow. and :bloodshed of the Franco-Prussian war. Or lo'come neareri home, if the antagonistic positions: ?i: New Guinea assumed by. Messrs Service and Stuairt was to be quietly settled by a turn' with thi glodes between the principals, with .Berry and Dalely a' pic~ers-up. In such a case I would be inclined to back Service till" hisinose bled; anrid feel assured that Berry would: knockl thd wind out of Dalley Withl one of his rousing speeches, before you could kiss yoiir' elbdw. !~· 