TALES AND SKETCHES. A CJliost fttory. " I am going to be married, my dear. I can aco the tears in your pretty eyes as you say to Harry, 1 l'oor tsibyl 1 she can never be as bnppy as we. arc." Of course I cannot. No woman cau wbo docs not marry ber first love, while ber past is without regret, and her future without shadow. But 1 nui going to marry what is more rare than first love — perfection. Absolutely he has not a fault, and the wonder of wonders is that ho should desire tho society through life of one who is so full of faults as 1 am. lie is clever, rich, amiable, good looking, thirty-two, respected of all muu, and (until within the past week) praised of all women. Can you wonder that dear mamma, who has been a little anxious about me this last year or so, is as happy as a queen, and that my acquaintances are loud iu their congratulations/ Hut then, as they say, Silily Van Eyck has always been a lu'eky girl.' You and 1, my Kate, might differ with them as to that, only it is not worth whilo recalling such a very old common place mishap. Indeed, I am not without a realising sense of my mercies myself, for that a young woman facing her thirtieth birthday so nearly as 1 do, and who lias played fast and loose with such good car-dsn kindly Fate has hitherto thrust into her bniuLs — that such a young woman should be come Mrs. Brian Chester is truly a wonder ful favor of Fortune. It is not the first time that you have .seen hi name iu my letters, and I dare say that, with your usual sagacity, you have had suspicions of what might come to | kiss ? Behold luc at length on the eve of my marriage, figuratively that is, for vc are not to be married until June, nnd this is only January, but it seems very near to me. Shall 1 whisper something to you, my Kntc, so low that even Harry shall not hear it? (1 know you keep my secrets even from him.) 1 respect Brian Chester, I admire him, I am proud of his preference, and I fell safer and more at rust with bim than I crur did iu my life,— yet, oh, Kate 1 Kate I it is not such a love as yours for Ilarry in tho (lays of your lovo raakiug, nor like mine for— tho knight who wooed and rode away. It is because 1 am twenty-eight, and such a dread ful flirt, as people say, or bccauso Mr. Chester's affection for me is so very cheerful and matter of fact ? Ho is evidently in capablo of jealousy, and evinces a beautiful faith in me, whieii ray past has scarcely justified. 1 ought to be immensely .flattered, but am not, for that perfect love which castetb out fear is divine, nnd far abovo poor, passionate, doubting humanity. Do not, however, imagine me bo foolish as not , to know tliat 1 am more nearly happy than I havo been for years, and that ' I shall ,bo a very contented woman of Mrs. Brian Chester. Kiss your small Violet for me, and giro my lovo to Harry. ' I can trust bim, whatever Ids criticisms may be, not to say, as Bob Lisle did when Mary Vincy was mnrri'cd lost month. ( Another old landmnrk goncl' , Always your loving SlBVL." With a faint sinile at Sir. Lislc's very un civil remark, Miss Van Eyck addresses her letter, nud leaving ber writing table, seats herself in low arm chair near the fire. " I will give it to him to post," sho thinks, as she listlessly takes up the evening paper. Forasccond or two she glances indifferently over it, and then sho reads earnestly, white her face softens, her eyes fill, and two heavy tears tell on tho paper as she drops it on lier 1pp. Only a couple of verses, with no beauty oi power (beyond their- truth, and yot they ci.n send her thought back over eight years -such a long, long time out of one's youth f — ar-d make her heart ache with pity for the difference between tho woman of twenty eight who is to marry Brian Chester and the girl of twenty who loved so foolishly and so tenderly, that the ghost of a handsome, fond, telso face, can come between her and her future husband even now. Sibyll Van Eyck is ayoungwonian usually very appreciative of the advantage of be' coming surroundings, but just now she is qu'tu unconscious that her fair head and slender figure in its pale blue trailing dress make a picture very pleasing to a man's eyes as sue lies iu a crimson cbair in tho soft' warm glow of the fire. Her thoughts havo gone so far nnd so fast that sho docs hot hear the door open nnd close, nor a man's quick step on the thfok carpet. She has forgotten that she ought to be expecting Mr. Chester, until he scats himself beside hcv and takes calm posucssion of one of her hands. She comes uaci: to the present then, with such a start thatho laughs. 14 You look as if you had forgotten all about me and then gently kissing tho. hand he has taken, he lets it go, and leaning back in his chair, makes himscli of"ufortabte after the fashion, more easy than el«-gnnt, of our generation. She colors like a school girl, though suo is " twenty-eight and such a dreadful flirt," and she puts the paper out of sight under the train of her dress. "And if had, sir?" she asks, lightly. "I dare say you forget me, often enough, for much more than live minutes ?" " Never," he says, rather shortly ; and then, after an instant, "What wcro you cry ing for just now 1" " Do not you know that we women cry for anything, or nothing?" "Not you ; but do not tell me unless you wish to do so." " I assure you I have no such intention." sho says, gaily. " Does your lordship think that 1 shall umko you my confessor?" Some day— yes, "ho answers, quietly, and looking, not nt her, but at the fire. Very quickly she lifts her eyes to his teco —a very frauk aud pleasant face, with a look that shows its owner well content with the world nml himself, but just now a little graver than its wont, nnd she wonders, witu a thrill of the same pity she had felt for herself, whether he, too, in the year which lie behind him ha missed something of life's completeness. "You and lore too old and worldly-wise for that," she says, rather sadly. "Old ?— you child I" his eyes meeting hers with a smile half amused, half tender. " I bin aware that you have reached tho awful age of twenty-eight, Miss Van Eyck, nnd that you have had enough experience of the ' world to mnkc you wise, but, for all that, you arc n child, aud a child in 6oinc things you will remain as long as you live." "Ah I you do not know how much nicer I was ten years ago," she says, laughing nervously. "If 1 have the bad taste to be content with you us you nre, I do not see that it is of auy consequence," he says, ngain taking her Land. "Besides, I do not believe it."' " I wish," she begins, wistfully, while tears stand in her eyes— u I wish that we liad kuown each other then, and that 1 had never— never" " Never fnncicd you eared for some ono else," he breaks in abruptly. "Look here, dear— here in my eyes and ho puts ono arm nbout her, while he keeps Iter hand. " Tell me nothing yet ; I am not a jealous man, nor afraid of ghosts, and it isiiot your past I waut, but vonr present mid your future." "U bcu he is gone she stands before one of the long mirrors, smiling at hersolf mtlicr defiantly. "You liavo found your master, Miss Van Eyck," she is thinking : " a good master, a tender and true master, but just a little too sure of himself." When Brian Chester enters his rooms, the first thing ho does, after lighting the gas, is to flud the evening paper, autl, glancing hastily over it, to read with sure instinct two verses in its columns. t." Very worldly wise indeed, my poor little girl," he says to himself; -as lie lays it down 'with half a smile and half a sigh; "auil a very shabby thing of me to hunt up the cause of your tears after refusing to hear it ; \- 1>ut you aro more mine now than your think, and you- slmll be altogether mine yet, in spite of the ghost," But, for all that, his eyes have a troubled . . ; look not usual to them, and he smokes nioro '"v." cigars than are good for him before lie goes to bod, " If I were a jealous man (which, thank Heaven, I am not, 1 should endure some exceedingly uncomfortable' hours," says Mr, Chester, smiling placidly, as lie takes posses sion of bibj-1 for a waltz, some six weeks later, at one of the last parties before Lent ; "for upon my' word these fellows think that 1 havo no right whatever to more than a straydancc." l" ft llllllncnhlin? f tpliinli flmnlr Heaven, yon arc), i suppose it makes no difference to you," she . answers, n3 they waits off. "I admire their good taste, and am thank ful -.for what 1 can get at present; also I have some faint idea that Mrs. Chester will give 'up round dancing," Sibyl pauses abruptly, and moves out of ibc circle of wnltzors, " Do not you mean to be a philosopher about— Mrs. Chester?" she asks, softly, looking up at him with radiant eyes and flushed checks. ; ' " Do you think that I am always a philo sopher now?" Her color deepens, her eyes turn from his,:. and then, with a little cry, she puts her hand on bis arm, growing suddenly white, and gnzing fixedly at somebody behind him. ; Ho turns instinctively; and ' sees a tall, very . liandflomc mail staring at Sibyl with more' 'fixity tlinnpolitencsspcrmits. > . .. "'lake mo away — out -of the room— 'some- ' . where," she murmurs, Very, much bewildered,' ho obeys, and pre- scritly finds a scat for her in a small, almost .deserted room. " You are tired," he says, tenderly, " Shall 3 get you a glass of wine ?" "No,- no; stay with me. It is he," she , . :.Bay8f: looking iip pitcoush in his fftcc, which1 at thoso very enigmatical words grows rather v pale.,v . v"Who ?— the ghost ?" he asks, :uus(cadily.; . : i " " Mr.Dcvorcux. I have not seen him Binco I— since I— Oh, what will' you tliink of sho; cries, ; with a sudden, burning v blush at tho change and trouble in his face. .. "Indeed, it isonly the surprise." course," he says positively; " You will- not mind; now that you know'ho inhere, aud when you nre a little rested I shall steal somebody olsc'a waltz instead of tho one We' have lost," But in spite of his posUiveness and her efforts-' at composure an.' uncomfortable silence falls upon them, which she breaks by \- proposing to return to tho ballroom. In tho doorway they arc met by the hostess and Mr. Devoreux himself. " Sybil dear," says the lady, hurriedly, 11 hero is a gentleman who claims to be (in old friend, but doubts whether your memory is . so good. as his;"! "My memory is excellent," Sybil answers, , anther coldly, but with , that utter sclf-pos- \- session .which comes to most women in bit terest need. I perfectly remember ray ac. qunuitnnce with Mr, Deveroux." "Then that is all right, I shall carry yon off, Mr. Chester.". i ' . " We .will go. together, dear Mrs. Burns," . . bybll says, with her hand still on Brian's arm;. . "Mr. Chester is.going to tako-rao to mamma." ' ".JlVill you not;pcrmit me?" says Mr.- Devereux, speaking for the first time and iu . voico that falters perceptibly. - "Thanks, no ; 1 will not trouble you.". . .." Then may 1 not have a.waltz, or V square . dance, for— for lnuld king sync ?' " Tholnat . words are very ; low and eager, but Mr.' . Chester hears them ns distinctly as if they , . liaci been spoken in his ears. "Myehrd 1.4 full, thanks)" is the steady answer, and then all four enter the ball room, . where Mrs. Burus takes Mr. Devereux -In , . ; . one dlrecHon,, while Sibyl anil Mr. Chester eojnMrothcr to search for Mrs.. Van Evek, hhv lialf on hour they are driving . ,cn.lln9 ,bc denied,, though Miss. Van lvcr |s not a man given to jealousy, , thitho jiext vvcck is tho longest and most .. . -. pneomfortablc which lie can- remember. Duslncss.compeL him. to go to llosluu so early .on . tliq morning after Mrs. Bums' MifMr1? n(l0S, s? and in Hpito, of her dignified repulsion of Mr. " , cannot forget her pale face and . ' piteous eyeswhen hIiq had first sccii tho Y "gbpst.!.? Ho is convinced that Devereux will do .ovcry thing possible for a reconcllia- : "tion, and lie calls himself an insane idiot for . . luiviijg refused tojicnr the story of her first love, which Sibyl had seemed to wish to tell" him, for liis utter ignorance, of the circum stances prevents lnm from being nblo to judge whether such a thing could come to pass, To add to his anxiety,- during the four days he is in Boston he doc's not receive even so much as a line from bcr, though she had promised, hnlf laughingly, to write every day. The result of nil of which is that, nfter having been so absent-minded as to cause his business friends much nmnzement, he re turns to New York two days earlier than he had intended, leaving his affairs very much ns he had fomul them. An hour after hisar- rival he is walking up the familiar street on which the Van Kycks live, with a great deal of outward cheerfulness, and an odd mingling of self contempt and anxiety at Jris heart, for lie will know his fate in another ten minutes. "My fate, indeed!" he mutters, with rather a failure in the way of a smile. " 1 f I were nnybody'clsc, what a jealous fool 1 should call myself !" Then he starts ns if he had been shot, for ascending the steps of the Van Kycks' house, with the confident manner of one who docs not come for the first time, is Mr. Devereux. Very still staiuls Mr. Chester — very still and very pale for a man who is " not jealous nor afraid of ghosts " — until Mr. Devereux has rung and is admitted. " I will wait until he leaves ; he will not be long," he thinks, with a strong momen tary desire to follow him and confront him and Sibyl together, though all bis life he has had the true Anglo-Saxon horror of nny- thing like a scene. He walks rapidly down to the end of the block, and returns slowly, with his eyes on the Vau Kycks' door ; hut Devercux's visit bids fair to be a lengthy one, and he lias time to rcjicat his manoeuvre many times, to the great interest of a couple of school girls, who, from an opjiosite drawing-room window, arc speculating excitedly as to what "Miss Van Kyck's lover" can be about. It is not very fatiguing for a man to pace up and down a block for an hour, and yet, when that time luul elapsed, Brian Chester's face has grown oddly worn and haggard looking. God pity us all ! We can most of us remember some such hour, whose sixty minutes hold an eternity of suspense, but let those of us render thanksgiving all our dnys who feared in that hour only death, riot faithlessness, for our heart's beloved. It is nearly six when the Van Kyck's door opens and closes again on Mr. Devereux, who walks quickly down tho street In ail op posite direction from Chester, but the latter scarcely glances at the receding figure ns ho springs up the steps. . i " Miss Van Eyck is in tho drawingroom," the servant tells him, aiul.be passes in. j Outside it was nearly dark, and here it is quite so, except when the fire make a blaze of light; but he sees her nt once, crouched in the corner .'of a sofa by the chimney, nnd weeping— ah I weeping as oven women given to tears weep only oneo or twelve in their lives. At the flight of that drooping figure, .nud tbc souild of those strangled sobs, the strong heart of Brian Chester turns faint nnd sick, for he knows so well, with such -wonderful, dreary .conviction, just what sho has done, and what' he must do now. He casts one farewell look nbopt the fnmilnr room where he has been so happy, and then his oyes return -to the woman ho loves nud suffers for, ns only a man can to whom neither love or jealonsly. comes easily. . "Sibyl!" lie says, abruptly, iii nn odd, hoarse voice, which vaguely surprises him, it is so unlike his. " Don't crv so terriblv i there is no need," , ' ; She springs to her feet arid -faces him in the fire- light with a low cry, and a look that changes instnntly from surprise' to pity and torrori '"Brian !" she says tremulously, taking both his hands in hers, "Arc you ill dear ? — or has something dreadful happened ?" It is the first time she Lias ever uttered his name, the first time those shy fingers have ever sought his, hut she doos not think of that in fear of the .calamity that can havo so changed calm, philosophical Brian Chester. At the frightened compassion In her eyes, he glances suddenly in the mirror over the chimney, nnd stares at himself with a dull" wonder men feel when they are brought face to face with tho change an hour's agony can work in them. " T am a fool," he says presently, with a miserable laugh, and dropping into the nearest chair, ho draws his linnds from her arid covers his faco. Nor an instant she is silent, and then the despair in every line of tlic.bcnt figure gives her courage. . . Dear," sho whispors, kneoling beside hint, "surely I, who am to be your wife, may share your troubles, nnd— nnd comfort you ?" and with a rush of tenderness that sweeps her old doubts and fears away for over, she tries to draw, liis head against her shoulder. But ho springs to liis feet; with a flush on his haggard face.. "For Heaven's sake do not mnko it harder for ino to give yah-' up!"1 ho'gagpa, 'Give mo up?" she repeats, rising too, nnd trembling very much, s P You never wroto mo"— ho begins, pas sionately. : ' ' \ ''Because 1 would rather tell you than write," she interrupts quickly. ' But he goes on, bitterly : " I saw that man leave the houso. after he lind Been hero an hour, and 1 find you- breaking your heart for hirii. -.What have I dohe tlmt'you should think that I would accept such ' a sacrifice ? Do you think I want your -lifo without your love?" Ho pauses, -with n strugglo for the self command that seems to have so utterly, deserted him; wlnlo site stnndB xilont, with down bent head and clasped linnds.' "I see it. all," he says,, presently, in a very low voice, whose fprcou steadiness it takes all bis rccolutewill to maintain. " You have loved only him always, ami yombcut him away to day that you might keep your faith to me, liko the brave, true woman you nre ; but he will hc.casy to recall, so— no God bless you !/ and he turns rather blindly towards tho door. But she stands swiftly before him with outstretched bauds nud tearful, shining eyes. " Oh, Brian, I am no heroine, onlya foolish worann to whom God is very good. Mr, Devereux will never again be even a ghost to me. And you — do you wonder thnt 1 was crying for those years when I fnncicd 1 eared for him, and which ought to have been yours witli the rest of my life— my love ?" 