SPORTING NOTES. By " Newmabket." On Monday next, the 28th instant, entries lor the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting will be due, when the following events will require attention : — Sapling Stakes, of 75 govs. ; Hurale Race, of 75 govs ; Selling Race, of 50 sovs. ; Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, of 200 sovs. ; and Balaclava Stakes, of 100 sovs. Capital entries have been received for the Geelong Racing Club's Winter Meeting, and if the weather is favourable, the gathering cn the banks of the Barwon on the 2nd pros, should be a large one. A dozen hcr3es are engaged in the Hurdle Race, amongst the number being Don Quixote and Sundowner. The Railway Stakes has filled with eighteen, and a baker's dozen have been nominated for the Steeplechase. The Winter Handicap has the same number engaged, and the Selling Race has an entry of eleven ; while the identity of the Pivot will be preserved with the Trotting Race, which has closed with fifteen nominations. With that punctuality which characterises the official arrangements of Mr. Miles and bis staff, the stakes won over the late Winter Meeting were paid over at the V.R.C, office on Wednesday last. Mr. W. Neil was the largest cheque taker through Chippenham's coup in the Grand National Steeplechase, which was worth £573. Mr. D. S. Wallace received £400 for the G N. Hurdle Race, woo by Don Quixote, and Bonnie Bee's win in the Flat Race, and Omadhaun's third in the Maiden Hurdle Kaee, gave Mr. A. M'Donala £283 10s Mr. R. Howie drew £189 for Kingston's lucky win in the Maiden Steeplechase. Mr. W. Peareon took £185 10s. for Gvsalier's triumph in the Maiden Hurdle R vce. T. Gorrigan £128 for the Selling Hurdle Race, won by Prospect. Sundowner's second in the G.N. Hurdle Race was worth £50 to Mr. J. O. Inglis, and Mr. W. E. Power was the recipient of a similar amount for Friend less's second to Chippenham. These with smaller amounts, made up a total paid away in stakes of £1,977. The general meeting of the Victoria Racing Club will be held at Menzies' hotel on Mon day, the 4fh August, at 3 p.m., to receive the balance-sheet and elect six members of the committee in place of Messrs. J. O. Inslis, M. O'ShanaPsy, R. Power, A. W. Robertson, D. S. Wallace, and J. Whittingham, who retire, but are eligible for re-election. At the meeting the motion of Judge Quinlan, that rule XXXIII. be repealed, snd " that in lieu thereof the lowest handicap weight under three-quarters of a mile be 6st 7ib, but in races above, Get, be the minimum," will come on for discussion, and members will be afforded an opportunity of expressing their views on the question of whether the present minimum iu all handicaps shall be main tained At- a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club, held on Monday last, it was decided to invite his Excellency Sir Henry Loch and suite to the winter meeting ou Saturday next. Racing over the South Australian border has gone on space during the past week, and on Tuesday last the Quern Meeting was decided. The Flying Handicap fell to Shy lock, with The Lawn second and Pauline third. Old Tanered pulled off ths Hurdle Race, and Cracksman, who figured in Vic toria as a burdieracer, won the Quorn Handi cap, beating Exile and Fictitious. Sally Waters disposed of Walleroo in the Selling Race, and The Lawn proved her value to h6r owner by winning the Members' Race, and the Consolation Stakes, which was won by Barmaid, terminated the meeting. The weights of the principal events to be run at Bairnsdale on Thursday next, the 31st inst.. appear in another oolumn. Closely following the announcement of tho death of Malua's full brother Stcck- weil, comes the intelligence that the promising colt Illusion has succumbed in his native land during the week from inflammation of the intestines. Illusion was bred in South Australia by the late Mr. Hall, and was got by Countryman from Deceptive, the dam of that unfortunate filly Delusion, and granddam of The Assyrian. He was engaged in the Melbourne Cup at 7st, and as he demonstrated his ability to gallop at Adelaide last season, his loss will be a heavy one to his late owner, the Hon. J. Crozier, jun. The sals of R. Howie's horses at Kirk's Bazaar attracted quite a crowd at the " horsey haunt" iu Bourke street, on Wednes day last, but there was no burning desire shown to obtain possession of any of the lots, and the prices ruled rather low. Harton Hills went to Mr. Karouse for 34 guineas, anc Mr. Weeks secured Morris for 43 guineas. Union fell to the bid of Mr. Glasscock for 25 guineas, and Mr. Karouse obtained High Jack for 26 guineas. Mr. Webb purchased Chester for 71 guineas. Geraldine brought 16 guineas, and Woolsthorpe went to Mr. Button for 33 guineas. The cross-country horse Robin Hood, who oertainly ought to have won the Maiden Steeplechase at Flemington on Saturday, went very cheap at 71 guineas, and with ordinary luck, his pur chaser, Mr. Agnew, ought to soon be re couped for his outlay. I have to acknowledge the receipt of a neatly printed pamphlet, containing the programme of the Canterbury (New Zealand) Jockey Club for the season 1884 85, and a list of nominations fcr ail events closed to date, besides a record of winners of previous races under the auspices of the club. The season commences with the Metro politan Meeting, to be decided in November next, and to judge by the liberality displayed by the frarner of programme, the outlook of the turf in Maoriland i3 very promising. The Spring Meeting will extend over three days, when the large sum of £4,320 will be given away to the twenty events on the programme. I observe that the club has a very substantial method of protecting its revenue, for be sides annexing the nomination money iu each event, a deduction of 5 per cent, is made from all winnings towards the expenses of the course. What appears to be an oversight in framing the programme is that, though fre quent mention is made to the " general entry day," the date of receiving general entries is not specified. The pamphlet also includes the bill of fare for the summer and autumn meetings, and as the totalisator has a legal existence in New Zealand, the C.J.C., while providing rich stakes for horse owners, and thereby ensuring good sport for the public, should come out at the end of the season with a pretty good balance to its credit. I have received " Centaur's Index for 1884." The little pamphlet, like its predecessors, contains a fund of useful information to racing men, SBd as it can be obtained for the | small price of Is., those who takeau interest I in matters horsey, and wish to be au fait | with performances of the horses engaged in the principal handicaps of the spring, should I obtain a copy of this handy little book. I Finding that it was useless to persevere i with Calma, his trainer, Mr. P. Hywood, has ! struck the son of Yattendon out of the i Caulfield Cup und Melbourne Cup. | After his victory in the Grand National I Steeplechase on Saturday, Chippenham was i sold to Mr. Maklin, the price Btated being , £300. The Marquis of Waterford has also ; changed hands and gone into Cripp's stable, i at Moonee Ponds. The stewards of the Victorian Trotting : Club have removed the disqualification of J. Brennan for suspicious driving of Little Dick at El8ternwick Park a few months ago. A draft of horses, bred by Mr. W. Pearson, of Kilmany Park, Gippsland, was submitted at — — r'" I——— — — i — MM Kirks Bazaar, on Tuesday, but owing to the oondiricn in which they were brought to the hammer, only moderate prices were realised The highest priced lot was Forlorn Hope, 4 yrs , by The Professor from Bravery, wbu fell to Mr. F. F. Dakin for 56 guineas. Vr. Weeks gave 46 guineas for Tbe Hawk, 4 yrs., by Maribyrnmg- Kestrel, and Mr. B. Grey eecured Mipr Chance, 4 yrs , by Lamplighter — R.i?.k- Altogether thirty four lots were sold, realising prices ranging frcm 56 down to 9 guinea. The winter meeting of the Wyndham Racing Club, which " as originally fixed for the 26th July, and subsequently for the 9th August, has been postponed until the 6th September. It is stated that Mr. W. Goidon has resigned the secretaryship of tbe Adelaide Rac ng Club and renewed his connection with the South Australian Theatre Royal as treasurer to Mesers. Allison and Rigcold. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club are applying to Parliament for a Bill to enable the club to Eue and be sued, and to vest in tne cn airman lands permanently reserved for sale for a racecourse. Power is also asked to enable money, not exceeding L15,000, to be borrowed on the security of the club. V.RC. Soratchingg. — Melbourne Cup Stockwell, Gohanna, Calma. After the settling for the V.R.C. Winter Meeting, a fair amount of wagering was done over the more important Spring events. On the strength of the decisive victory of Bonnie Bee in the flat race, tbe son of Bonnie Carlisle came into notice for the Hawkesbnry Handicap, in which he is engaged at 7st, 5tb„ and a few hundreds went on at 25 to 1. He also commanded attention for the Melbourne Cup, and 4,000 to 60 was booked about him for tho great spring handicap. The double, V.R.C, Derbv and Melbourne firm nTan formed the medium of some speculation. Bargo was taken for the former event, coupled with Wallangra, Martini -Henri, Despot, and Tre- mando, to win a good sum at 1,000 to 4. The Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup double was operated upon extensively, and besides several wagers for small amounts, £10,000 to £20 was taken about Maroney and Tremando. The Broker found friends for the Derby and Cup at 50 to 1, and about £6,000 went on the son of Goldsborough. Garfield, King's Own, and Honeydew each found supporters for the same races, but nothing was heard of Phil Athol. A demon stration was made in favour of the Western district horse, Skipper, for the Melbourne Cup, and the outsider was entrusted to win about £9,000, at 100 to 2, Skipper is a five-year-oldhorse, by Boatman from TopBy, and is engaged in the great Spring Handicap of the V.R.C. at 6st 111b, so that if he is any good at all weight ought not to stop him from winning. After witnessing the excellent sport pro vided at head-quarters cn Saturday last, our new Governor, Sir Henry Loch, must have been very favourably impressed with the manner in which racing is conducted in the land of his new home. It was fortunate, too, that the day was so thoroughly genial, while the surroundings generally were eo pleasant as to make the winter gathering of the V.R.C. thoroughly enjoyable, and it is gratifying to note that the receipts of the meeting were larger than those of any pre vious Grand National Meeting. It was a pity that The Ghost received his quietus so early in the Maiden Hurdle Race, for he Was highly tried at Caulfield, ani proved himself quite aufait at the jumping business, and I understand that bis fall was not occasioned through any want of cleverness, but through a rather too ambitious effort to jump one of his opponents as well as the hurdle. In essaying this task he fell, but happily neither rider nor horse were much hurt by the contretemps . The Maiden Hurdle Race usually introduces some very hot candidates who further distinguish themselves at the illegitimate game, for it was in this case that such ce ebritiea as Don Qaixote and The Joker made their debut as hurdleracere. This year serves to introduce Gasalier and Hazard, and, as both aro endowed with plenty of pace, and are excellent jumpers, it is natural to expect that they will distinguish them selves further. Both are well grown and possessed of plenty of substance. Their breeding is good enough for anything, as Veteran, the sire of the Gippsland mare, and Bertie, the sire of Mr. Sullivan's colt, are sons of Maribyrnong, while Gaslight, tbe dam of Gasalier, was also the dam of Fire- works. The winner was trained by Mr. J. Grey, and was turned out in excellent condition. After tbe public bad done back ing Hazard and Stafford, Mr. Pearson com- menced to' support his mare, and granting the eagerly. sought-for demand of tho metallicians to " Give me a turn, sir," the elderly squire of KilmaDV Park operated upon the ring to the extent of about £4,000. The Maiden Steeplechase was full of those incidents which characterised steeple- chasing in Australia in the early days when baulking and falling were frequent occur rences. What would have happened had all gone smoothly it is difficult to say, for the field was a good one to look at. No doubt Robin Hood, Kulkyne, Sir Fyaus, MarquiB of Waterford, and Goodwood will yet distinguish themselves, while the winner, Kingston, although a trifle on the small side, has already shown his ability to gallop by winning some up country flat races. Mr. J. G. Inglis was evidently quite satisfied with tbe hand he held in the Grand National Hurdle Race, for he took Sundowner to the front early in tbe race, and led the field at a merry pace; but Mr. W. Glasscock, while holding a good place on Don Quixote, never allowed his mount to run himself out, and, patiently biding his time, he took advantage of an opening on the inside, and, aided by tbe superb condition in whioh Walter Higin- bofcham turned out Mr. Wallace's horse, he snatched the victory from Sundowner by a clever exhibition of judicious riding. Ringwood ran uncommonly welt throughout, but the weight told in the last furlong, and he had to be content with third place. Sinking Fund was served by excellent condition, and he acquitted himself very creditably, and I fancy the chancesof his rewarding his owner for hie perseverance are not very remold, fiince Mr. M. Loughlin left for the'-Vldl/ the stag of the BaUarnti' been on the wane, and tfcb teifipkable sucte»& » -= 'Which used la attend enih of the horses tnpiflj out by Mr T. Wilson _ has quite deserted tin Miners Best trainer, fi&llarat;, nevecfhelesB, once more furnished the favourite for the Grand National Steeple chase this time in Fame, who, however, took off too far in attempting the second fence, and landed on the top fall, and there hoots until ehe was with difficulty extricated freer, her painful position. Chippenham was reined to the hour, and, being « reliable fencer, many would have fancied his chance but for the belief that he was too slow, and good judges thought that, wherever the grey vos, old Blackthorn must be in front of him. This opinion proved erroneous, and as Kildisff rode more resolutely than usual the scored his second success in a Grand National win. Friendless performed very welt, but the old grey tairly wore him down in the run home, and I fancy the bard struggle rendered boih Batty and Kilduff almost as tired as their horses. Prospect bad it all his own way in the Selling Hurdle Race, and even if he were never to race again, he would be dirt cheap ee j a station sire at 125 guineas. Bonnie Bee j gained a host of friends for himself by the easy manner in which he landed the Flat Race, I though be has incurred a 33b penalty for the Melbourne Cup, which will bring his weight Up to ?8t 31b ; but,«vcn with that impost he is likely to render a good account t himself. Mr. John Crozier's colt Illusion, by Countryman out of Deceptive, died at Lockleys, S.A., Wednesday, from inflatm- enation. Illusion was bred by Messrs. Robertson, at Turret-field, and sold at kneir yearling sale to Mr. Leek for 420 guineas. In November last, he was resold to Mr. Crosier for 800 guineas. We have received " Centaur's Index" for 1884, containing the pedigrees and perform ances of the horses engaged in the principal handicaps of Victoria and New South Wales, and a fund, of information useful to racing men. The weights for the meeting to be decided at Gee long on >atorfiay next, the 2nd pros., were published on Thursday last. Ia the Hurdle Race, Don Quixote heads the list with 128t 13lb, but I prefer the chances of Douglas and Sinking Fund on this occasion. Squireen, Precious Stone, The Bey, and Primus are nicely iu the Railway Stakes, with the convenient weight of lOst 101b. Katunga ooght to be hard to beat in the Steeplechase, though if The Baron and Sir Fyans would go -Traigfct they should ruu well forward. Dou Quixote, Irralee, and Little Sister are a likely trio to furnish the wiocer in the Winter Handicap. Amongst the visitors to Fiemiugton on Saturday was the Hon. W. Robinson, who, I belitVt?t has come over to select quarters for his horses engaged in the Melbourne Cup. By the Newcomen, Mr. E Weeks takes a arge shipment of racehorses to India. The ot includes Sting, Bassanio, King of the Vale, Triplet, Regulator, Prospect, Nocrong, Ned Kelly, and several other well-bred colts and fillies. By the same vessel, Mr. Meeklin takes Chippenham, Musidora, and a number of others. Castaway fell while running in the Flat Race at the Steeplechase meeting last Satur day, giving Moore a heavy fall, but fortuna tely neither was injured by the mishap. Borderman, who misbehaved himself in the Maiden Hnrdle Race on Saturday, was Bold to a New Zealand buyer soon afterwards, and was 8hipned for Maoriland by the Waihora on Monday last. Attention is directed to the annual s≤ of thoroughbred and coaching and trotting sires to be held by Meeers. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., at the Melbourne City Bazaar, situated at the top of Elizabeth street. The sale, which will be an unusaally large one, commences on Monday, tbe 4th August, and will be continued during the week The catalogue is a very lengthy one, and probably over 300 horses will be sub mitted. Amongst the thoroughbreds are — Libertine, by Talk of tbe Hill from Don Juan's dam ; the imported stallion Glen- markie, by Lord Darby from Queen of Scot land, b Dundee from Audrey, by Stcckweli, and Kettledrum, by Kettledrum, a son of Bonnie Carlisle, end several other useful station sires. The brood mares include Coy, by the Marquis from La Favorita, by Maribyrnong, and Adele, by Fireworks from Coy. A. number of Welsh ponies will also be disposed of. This year's entry of draught stock includes some cf the best strains of blood ever imported, ami reference to the advertisement in another column will show that this is the most important sale of stock ever held in the colonies. 