THURSDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1884. The following passengers were booked to leave London for Albany by the mail steamer next due at Albany :— Mr. and Mrs. Saunders, Miss Urquhart, Mr. Law rence, Mr. Austin, and Mr. Allen. To leave by the packet to follow : — Mr. iodge. The unusual number of vessels in harbor results in many sailors being allowed ashore on leave ; this has the effect ot giving the magistrates a little more work, as many of the tars are locked up for being drunk, but as they are not generally boisterous they are let off with a cantion. In the Supreme Court yesterday morning the case of W. Sloan v. J. Grave and others was compromised 'before a- jury -was impanneled. We understand that the arrangement arrived at was that the original defendants, Messrs. Grave, Smith, and Ferguson, should paj the plaintiff .£2,500, each party to pay their own coste. We understand that the Town Hall will be very tastefully decorated on Friday, to morrow, evening on the occasion of the Promenade Concert. The aid of Messrs. : , Letch and Fuchs having been enlisted by 1 the Society, their names are, we feel sure, I '- sufficient to convince the public that the ornamentation will be most attractive. . At the City Police Court this morning, before the Police. Magistrate, John Smith, charged with being drunk, was discharged, as it was his first appearance before the Magistrate for a considerable length of time,- William Wilks, charged with vag rancy, had to go to prison for ' 3 months ; and William Eldred, for using obscene language in Adelaide Terrace, was fined 10s., or to go to prison for ten days. A somewhat unusual cargo was brought from Rottnest by the Pilot boat this.morn ing, comprising the gallows which has for some time stood as a terror to the native population on the Island, tegether with two native prisoners who have been sent by the K Natal to the Nor- west as witnesses in a re cent murder case. The gallows also formed a portion of the Natal's freight North. Yesterday, at the City Police Court, before the Police Magistrate, Phillip Grinney, for being drunk in Stirling-street, wss fined 10s.; SaTah Gaisford, charged with being drunk and using most indecent language, was fined 10s.; and Michael Sheen, charged with stealing 25a. and a pocket knife, the property of William Brooks, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. The Anniversary of the Fremantle Rifle Volunteers will be celebrated on Wednesday next by prize firing. As the inhabitants are always very liberal in their gifts, and most valuable prizes are presented to them, we think that in return the volunteers should go to the trouble of providing an awning or some tents to shelter the visitors; at present there is no shelter whatever at the range, and that is perhaps the reason why so few ladies are present at the firing. We would also suggest to the enterprising bus proprietor at the port the expediency of running his vehicle during the day at a reduced price ; it' would pay, especially if the officers arranged a musical programme at a fixed hour in the afternoon. At the Town Hall last evening a gentle man in 'Volunteer uniform took a seat upon the platform, and various conjectures were madejas to who the stranger might prove to he. However, Colonel Angelo soon dis pelled all doubts in the matter by welcom ing and introducing him to the Metropoli tan. Rifles as Capt. Kean, of a Volunteer Engineer Corps in the Old Country.- Need less- to say the announcement was received; ?with great applause, not only by the red coats, but also by a large number of citi zens who were present. As Capt. Kean, we understand, intends to take up 'his resi dence in our midst, no doubt his connection with our Volunteer Foree will be of a most intimate and beneficial nature. * 'We believe Capt. Kean will.be one among the very few connected with our Defence Force 'who has ' smelt powder,' the gallant gentleman, being reported to have taken part- as an engineer in the war between Prussia and Denmark, in 1864, in which the latter country suffered the loss of the province of Schleswig-Holstein. : ' '?* Among the passengers to Singapore per s!sl Natal, which leaves Fremantle to-day, is Mr. John Colin Campbell, the late Traffic Manager' of the Eastern Railway. Mr. Campbell reeeived the appointment of Traffic Manager and Superintendent of the Locomotive Department on the Northern Railway, which was opened for traffic by the Government, in -May, 1879. This position. '?'S lie 'retained until the opening of the East ern Railway ' in April 1881, when he was promoted to a similar position on that line. The duties becoming arduous, subsequently undertook the office of Traffic Manager; only, and lie retained that position until recently, when he resigned. Mr. Campbell was for many years connected with the London and South Western Railv.iy and other Com panies, and also held an appointment on the Cape of Good Hope Government Railways. He brought with him considerable experi ence, and in this Colony had, we may say, the responsibility of instructing a staff wholly unacquainted with the routine of railway work. He takes with him the high est recommendations from this Colony, and his many friends, in wishing him bon voyage, do so sincerely trusting that in his new sphere of duty he will meet with success. We are very glad to find the Good Tem plars at Fcetnantle making an effort to or Vjmnise a series of entertainments for the aaiiusement of the working classes and to put them in funds to carry out this object — the promotion of temperance. The varied entertainment given in their lodge room on ?* Tuesday evening was in every respect a suc cess. His Worship the Mayor, (Mr. B. C. Wood) presided and spoke in favor of tem perance, informing the. audience that he himself had been a total abstainer during the last eighteeen months, and that he saw no reason .to take stimulants. The principal vocalists were Miss Easton, who sung the 'Little Mountain Lad' and won the ap plause of all present ; the Misses'. J. Bate I man, McNiel, and Haley also contributed and sung very nicely. An Irish comic song by Mr. Williams caused plenty of amuse ment; and some feats in juggling by Mr. Stevens were considered well done. Miss Howell gave a short' recitation which was' well delivered, and that lady in her dialogue H Anti- smoking,' with Mr. Chapman, also Acquitted herself very charmingly; Mr. T. Wearne also gave a recitation. .The ghost scene from Hamlet, by three friends from Perth, was also fairly acted for young men amateurs. Mi-. B.C. Wood and Mr. Humble each wave a song, and the Rev.' J. Johnston I delivered an address, in which he said he I believed the day would come when drunken Lft ness would be looked upon- as a crime I punishable by enactment. The accompani I inents were, flayed by. Mrs. Sendey, who, I— together with the other ladies and gentle I men who assisted, and the chairman, re I ceived a heartyvote of- thanks for their kind I services. Mr.J. Glover, the Sheriff's Officer, ac companied by the hangman, will proceed: to Geraldtoirthis afterrioon-by the s.s 'Natal to' carry out the last penalty of the law upon Song Hong, a Chinaman, .who waB ' lately convicted of having wilfully murdered a celestial brother. The very interesting ceremony of the presentation of prizes took place as an nounced in the Town Hall last evening. Space will not permit us to publish a report of the proceedings — which were of a most enthusiastic nature, the spacious Hall being filled by between five and six hundred people — in our issue of to-day ; but in to morrow's Daily News we will endeavor to give details of the proceedings at length. We have received a specimen of the brick manufactured by Mr. J. Elsegood at. his patent steam brick manufactory, 'which is situated beyond Guildford; ??' ' Judging from the sample we have seen it is evident that Mr. Elsegood can turn out bricks fa superior in density, hirdness, impenetra bility to moisture, and glare to any hand made bricks produced in the Colony. The only objection that can be taken to the article in question is that the brick is larger than the ones now in common use, hence a difficulty might arise in continuing an old brick -wall with the new blocks. However, the machine-made bricks will be far cheaper than the others hitherto used in this Colony. At the Fremantle Police Court this morn ing, before Mr. J. G. Slade, a well-known character named Mary Jane Hayes appear ed in answer to a charge instituted against her by the Station Master, Mr. Hope, of being drunk in a railway carriage of the train due at Fremantle yesterday at 5*23 p.m. Mr. Hope proved the charge, when the husband asked how ic was she had been permitted to get into a carriage ; as he was not present he was requested to be silent, and His Worship fined the defendant twenty shillings and costs. A m»n named John Eyre, who is on the prohibitory list, was charged with being drunk, and disor derly in Fremantle yesterday. He went to Mr. Caesar's hotel drunk and then exercised his pugalistic propensities by smashing a large window of the hotel, valued at fifteen shillings ; he had been thirty-four times con victed, and this time he was sent in for twenty-one days. One of the passengers who arrived here in the s.s. Abington, Mr. Frank Flindell, brought with him two valuable collie dogs. He was naturally very much annoyed and . disappointed when informed that his dogs would have to be kept in quarantine for six months. He had nothing else to do but to put up with the inconvenience and to wait patiently. The time was up on Monday, and the dogs were brought across to Fre mantle. The female, however, meanwhile, had presented its owner with seven puppy dogs, which are all alive and well, and ? have added considerably to the estate of the owner, being valued at ten pounds each. There is every likelihood of the canine quarantine station being constantly ten anted; ; by the s.s. Glengoil, which arrived a few days ago from London, Mr. Henry Woodman brought over with him two pug dogs ; he also felt annoyed when told there was a dog act in operation, and that his pets would have to undergo six months' confinement. He thought it,, was ...only a formal seclusion of a temporary nature, which would be set right as soon as he had landed ; but' to his regret he found that he will have to wait as did Mr. Flindell, let us hope with the. same happy results. An important case, in the interests of the Colony, occupied the attention of the Supreme Court to-day, before His Honor the Chief Justice. The action was one for damages for wrongful ? imprison ment, brought by a bricklayer, named Henry Kirkam, against Mr. JohnCrampern Rosselloty, Resident Magistrate at the Williams. From the evidence of the plain tiff it appeared that he had purchased, from a man named. Eldred, a quantity of sandal wood, and for its purchase he had reeeived a bill.of-sale upon -which no revenue stamps ? had been affixed.- This document ultimately got into the hands of Corporal Farley, and, sometime afterwards, .Kirkam was' arrested by constable Houseat a place called Yaren up, which is dibtant from Kojohup about thirty-four miles. 'It was alleged by the plaintiff that, although he asked to be shown the warrant of arrest at the time of being taken, the arresting constable did not produce it, nor was he told the cause of his being put into the hands of the police uutil he had been confined in the Kojonup lock-up for several days. The warrant, which stated that Kirkam was arrested for refusing to give evidence concerning El dred's bill-of-sale, was ultimately read to him by Bewsher^ the police officer in charge at Kojonup. Kirkam was thus detained in the custody of thf police for thirty-two days, and then discharged by the Magistrate, Mr. Rossellotfcy. At the time of our going to press the case was proceeding. Mr. Biirn side, instructed by Mr. Horgan, conducts the case for the plaintiff, and the Attorney General, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, appears for the defendant. 