(fltouutni tinunuuMt. (From our own Correspondents.) .. . v ? . . = Wellington, Jakuabs 22. To «ay that we have had high winds for the last three days would convey but a taint idea of what* we have, suffered. _ For that space of time we have been lUing in the centre of a hurricane, which has driven sand and. water before Us lorce. No houses have as yet succumoed, but some are nearly buried. The daily newspapers of last Wednesday were in request on tne arrival 01 tne man, when after reading the report of the Local Option debate various opinions were ex pressed, but no one seemed to understand the matter better than before the war of words. Although a total abstainer, I cannot say that' 1 am proud of the two reverend combatants who „ led the fray. Declamation and sound is not argument, Mr. Nicholson would do well to read up the political history of other countries that he means to refer to before he engages in another fight. At least two persons here say that they have seen ' a ghost — that of a deceased squatter, who was well known here— but their story has not attracted so much notice as it appears from the home papers the Wood Farm mysteries did to tbe bumpkins of Shropshire. From what the parties say that were favoured with a sight of this Wellington goost, it had a practical turn of mind— at one time fishing in the river, then taking a turn of walking about on a sandhill, carrying a red-hot cattle brand 10 his bauds, and vigorously stamp ing the sand, . - - - From what is stated in the South-eastern papers it appears that there will be no lack of candidates for the representation of the District of Albert at tbe coming election. What Mr. Gill's chaaces are I have heard nothing, but Mr. Shannon will be strongly supported in many pares of the district.' Whatever may be the final result it a yet too soon to tortn an opinion, but I think thai' the senior member, Mr. Hardy, will retain bis portion, at. he has been' at all tiaies courteous end attentive' to all his constituents when consulted about any thing 'relative to the district, which he has so ably represented for the last six years. G001.WA, Jan. 22. The steamer CadeU'Tias arrived with 1200 bags of wheat from Mannum, and will leave in a day or two with a cargo of sleepers and iron tor the Murray Bridge Railway. Tbe Milling came down to-day for appliances to raise the Wileaimia's barge, which sunk in tbe lake a day or two ago with 390 bags of wheat in her. The weather is most unseasonable. A gale of wind has been blowing since noon on Sunday accompanied fey heavy shower, ot rain. There baa-: been great &avoc; among the sailing craft on the river, . several of whieh -at*. lo.it. Me. M. Moore's yacht, Gtrqfia, foundered at feer SBOorings* and only a portion of her mast is visible. As them is a. tremendous -season it will be impossible to raise her :: until the weather -subsides. ?'? ?---?-'--? - ..:-: ' l-ear the Port Victor Cricket -3ub have' to .'day sent aU a^]ogy to oar- club for their behaviour on tte 2tkh -*f ^December last — '? better late tkU never,-' JTub Middieion Cricket Club $»iay-Mir' -Ulab on 'Saturday. It is to toe hoped the weather will .be more .favorable than-^t present. ..- As *prooi tuan bens bare aeiicateasgtbetic sense it is remarked that they always seem to wipe their feet when tkey enter a fljwer garden. Poet Victor, Jan. 22? ? The weather is the chief topic of con versation here. From extremely hot last week it has changed to extremely cold, wet, and rough ; last Sunday it blew bard, yesterday harder, and to-day there is a very high sea running and it is very cold. The harvesting operations are completed in this district, and I am sorry to say the yield has generally been disappointing. The steamers Rook and South Australian were in here Kst week. The former brought about 60 tons ol general cargo aud loaded 1,140 bales of wool for Melbourne. I hear that this boat is under offer to our Government for use m the Northern Territory. The South Australian arrived from Port Adelaide on Friday morning ami had a good many excursionists who came round for the run. Sne stayed here all day and left in lime to reach the Port early 'on Saturday morning. She loaded 600 biles of wool. Aa Mis. Stone, of Rosetta Lodge, was returning home from the Harbor on Friday evening, when close to tbe Inmau Bridge the pony she was driving shied at some offal, which a butcher bad very care lessly allowed to fall from bis cart in the middle of the road, and ran the trap against the fence, capsizing the trap aud throwing Mrs. Stone and her two friends, Mrs. Williams, of Mount Gambler, and Miss Richardson, violeutly on to the road. Mrs. Williams was very much shaken and bruii-ei, but the other ladies weie nut hurt. The trap and harness were slightly dam ajed. Fortunately the pony was a very quiet one or much more injury would have resulted. . The lion. Commissioner of Crown Lands is staying at the Austral Hotel for a few days. 1 hepe he enjoyed his trip oa Saturday night in our ' gruod tramway carriage'' Irom Slratbaibyn. I was rather glad that the tram was not early on Saturday »i#bt, a* if our groat men would more often travel by the ordinary means instead ot ' specials' as they usually do, we should have more chance of getting our grievances redressed. A cow belonging to Mr. John Barratt, Baid Hills, gave birth to tripleU tbe other day. All three calves seemed well-formed, aud two ot them were alive M birth, although neither lived for lung. 