nORBESPONBENRR. 'B. Lewis' writes:— 'The account given by Mr. H. C. Burnet in your issue of this morning regarding my action in reference to the admission of the Press, to the meeting of delegates of the South Australian Football Association to consider the disqualifica tion of Roachock, is, if not' a ' garbled' one, at least an incomplete one, as you will understand' from the following. On receiving Mr. Burnet's circular on Wednesday afternoon, I did not expect there would be time to consult the feeling of my club in the matter, and personally having no objec tion to the Press being admitted, I wrote to Mr. Burnet, not apprehending that tbe members of my clnb would offer any objection. However, in the meantime I spoke to several of the members, and found that the majority of them considered that as the Press had never attended any previous meetinss of tbe Association, and publicity nad always bean given to our proceedings, there wa3 really no valid reason why on this occasion we should be compelled to admit them. Accordingly, as the majority of the members of the club took this view of the case, on ThttTTsday I sent a second letter withdrawing my consent and explaining the reasons. This second letter Mr. Burnet has entirely suppressed ; why, is best known to himself ; but if you will kindly insert tbe above explanation, you and the public will be able to judge whether my action in the matter wa3 not fully justified, and whether Mr. Burnet has not in an unfair and cowardly manner published an incomplete and entirely misleading statement of the facts for the purpose of preiudicing myself and gratifying hi3 petty spite. Another thing I wish to C3ll the attention of your readers to is in a report ot the proceedings of that meeting supplied to you it was stated that Mr. H. C. Burnet was greatly surprised at roy voting aeainst tha motion of the Press being admitted, 'whicb; 'surprise' wa3 never expressed ac the meeting ' ''' Investor' writes :— lT0n the topic of Companies and speculation I quote an extract from letter received, written by proprietor of one of the oldest establishments in London :— ' As to roiTring and other such Companies they do not stand the ghost of a chance of snpport from tha British public, who have bteu victimized by the most atrocious and plausible sivindles. so that money Is cot forthcoming even for home railway works, and people prefer to let their capital lie in the Bank, or spend it, to the chance of seeing so-called dividends and then a collapse with total loss. Shipping has snffered much from speculation in single ship Ccn;]janies, which have existed for the benefit of nia--apng owners. In fact public confidence is pone, and tbe Stock Exchange people are living by licking their paws like the bears.' Your London telegram — ' Failure of the Boyal Bant of. Scotland to obtain capital in floatbag1 Melbourne Tramway Syndicate'— is confirming evidence that honesty most be our policy if we as a community- wish to advacce.' ... . - ^-'??EiMrairer.''— Tlreyftre-second- cousins. ? - 'J. B. AJ'-r'&a; answer to your question as it at present stands 'would involve a lot of labour ; but if you can let us have the name of tbe person on whose account the property was sold, we should be able to give you aa answer with but very little trouble. ' - ' C. S. E.' — The width of the broad-gauge lines in South Australia is 5 ft. 3 in., and that of ttie narrow 3 ft. 6 in. The diametsr of the broad-giu^e carriage and wagon wheels is 3 feet, and oe the narrow-eauge 2 ft. 6 in. ; but sometimes they vary in diameter aa much- as on« inch or five-eighths' of an inch. A description of Ander-on's patent would occupy too much space, and has been published in our columns. 