A GHASTLY REFLECTION. Telat Lancashire is one of the most populous coaoties in England would scarcely be admitted by any one fa^lfi'g his sample from tbe corner thereof in which the parish of Breesden lay. In the most thickly inhabited part of it nine or ten hooses stood round tfae renowned hotel which bore the name of tbe Bossiaa Bear, and the picture of that animal which was fixed above the door of tbe public house held ouch a high place in estimation of the freqnenters of that tavern, that a show which came to tae district, and contained a bear alive, bat not anstrerio? the description of that in the beforeoealioaed picture, was immediately voted a swindle, and its owner dtsnussed with a caution cot to try his tricks agftio on a community which knew more than he did. Everybody knew tbe Bear. Bent audits, dab gatherings, and sprees had been held there from time immemorial, and every Christmas night a company composed of people from all parts of the township epent nnder its old tbe greatest festival in the year. Several years ago I determined that I would be present at tbe gathering in question, and as 1 had a long way to go I started early in the evening, and had tralked some distance alooe when the tnoon rose in her splendoor, lending a new glory to tbe tract of land which lay white and cold on eTery hand, and chanc- ing the traveller's task to a pleasnre, By and-by, however, I heard foutsteps in front, a man who was bonnd to tbe same place as myself, bat had started early in jrder to ' t&k; bis time o'er it.' His name was Thomas Preston according to tbe parish register, and 'Tarn o'th ftlQlheauses' according to the popular system of nomenclature. He was about 6f if years of aee, a haodloom weaver by trade, And as 6rm an unbeliever tn the potsnee of steam and the wondera worked by the electric fluid as he was a believer in the power of visitors from the supernatural world. To say that he failed to p reduce his share of tbe conversation vonld be to assert what was aotrne ; bat as he was a very slow speaktT at most times, and any attempt to borry him caused him to stammer in a hope less maooer, - little matter went a long way with him. Besides this, he was prone to repeat any narrative which was in any way interrupted ; and so the little story he com menced aoon after I joined him bid fair to last out cor journey. ' Owd Digby were a wicked / eHa, there V no deBwtin', or else he Wouldn't hev deed f sich ing it the came of t» death were never ascertained, he continued : ? ?Now '. Bad hia time hid come, I isokoo. Kobody'd sin owt on him for » week, till one Christmas oeet mi feyther an* owd Dick Hen. sbaw wer1 gooin past, ao' theer they tan th. owd fella led nnder his own wind, as doead as a stooan. He jnst looked, aw'« nested oa farther eay, as he met bev tumpled eairt of a upstairs winda, but there wer nooan oppes, »» there wer noather a cut nor a ecrat on him onywbeer.' , Mt ?Bat what did the jury say rl inquired. ^ ' Why, they said he deed bi tbe TWtaUon. ' of God. Visitation of the detfl moor like ! We were passing along a narrow part of toe road, by the side of which the tall trees stood against tbe moonlight like the skeletons of dead acd gone forests hovering round the scenes of their former growth. The »ir was still not a sound to be heard, except that now and then a damp of snow, falling from the tender branches on the hedge, caused a momentary rustle as it fell through tbe lower ttrigs to the earth. 1 Snppooas we should see him to-neet ! said mv companion in a low voice. ? He cornea abaawt every Christmas, the say, an' wodever mon, we do iv he meets us?' ? tt'ell, they nsed to tell me to aay, when I met a boggart, 'Th' feaw'st tek booath «.' t don't know whether it would drive it away or not.' ?It's nowt to 1-langh at, aw t-tell that' ejaculated Mr. Preston, as we came in sight' of tbe place which was said to be haunted. It teas a low house, and as tbe moon was behind it, threw a dark shadow into the road. Tbe light shone on to tbe thatch on the other side ol the house, and the dark windows and huge black beams which formed the skeleton of its walls were barely distinguishable as we came out of the wood. ? Nonsense !' I replied ; ' but the fears of my companion would aeem to have coauDoni- cated themselves to me, ior I began to iell lees of that bravado out of the force of which I had defied the supernatural visitor ol whom my friend was in each dread. To be- sure many of the most enlightened men of tile age have proved to tbeir own aatisfaction that such a thing as a spectre or spirit bad never been, and could never be. But, on the other hand, we have the testimony of' an observant « ancestry, wbose fears ot c&eartcly; apparitions were bo doubt well groanded. From these reflections I was awakened by Mr. Preston, who remarked that if t knew as much about old Digby aa be did, I would . show more respect for the powers of midaigot. * Bat bis evident intention to repeat tbe story, * and so engage the attention onto we were past tbe unhallowed spot, aroused my dor mant courage, and, seizing bim by tbe shoulder, I attempted to drag him towards the house. He broke loose, however, and I went forward to the window, through whicb nothing was visible in the uncertain light. ' Look out ior the boggart, Tom V I shouted and at the tame moment shook thn window violently, and forced a langh at tbe timidity of my companion. But instantly, and without sound or warning flash of light dazzled my eyes, and s face met my own in the hitherto .darkened pane. U stopped within a few inches of me, and was surrounded by a dim halo of light, like the far away glare of some unearthly foe. Without a second glance, without a word to warn my companion, off I went down tbe road my whole frame trembline witb a fear which urged me on towards the Bear, the nearest house we should arrive at. I never was afraid before— at least Lnever felt * tithe of the fear which took possession of my wiB, and drove me forward ia my Sight from my supernatural porauer, for I felt that every moment I should feel the cold hand or the dread visitor laid on me. The public house gaked, in. I rushed, fci. lowed in hot haste by Mr. Preston, whom I bad forgotten up to then, but who came dose upon me as I dashed into the midst of * plea sant company gathered ia the large parlour of; the Bnssisn Bear. ' Wodever aooart of a gam are yo at neaw»* asked the landlord. ' Tom, aw thowt tha bed moor sense than rnonin' like a hare wiV dog*8 nooas at id heels.' ?Hev yo bin racin'r asked another, who- . tenanted tbe house that the spirit occupied and whose name was Robert Peel. 'Ay, ay ;r.racing the devil,' ejaculatedMr. » Preston, regaining bis breath and staring across at me, a proceedini' in u hid, h- JH soon joined by the rest of the company ?It's only too true,' I gasped. -We're seen Dujby's ghost !' ?The devil yo hev! Wheer? saked Mr. ( ' Eh, Robin, tha shouldn't swear if there's sich things abeawt. Wbeer' ban yo sin him. sayen yoT' asked a female member ot the company. Aod the rest gathered round me while I recounted the terrible history of the appari -By the stars !' ejaculated Mr. Peel when I had finished, ? heawever mon we do, so' o' eawo things in th' heawse !' ?Eh, tha gred foo,' rejoined his wife. wodever dues tha want believin' sich like for » They happen met another drunken fell* i'th road, an' t en th* boggart at him.' I said nothing in roply to this complimen tary speech, and very soon the lady whohad made it was preparing to go home to ascertain iS some one were ? playin' iheir tabby heawse tncks abeawtth' place to freeten them as is foo's like ttoiredf. At first no one was willing to accofnDanv her ; bat ia a little time a majority deddedto follow her and watch results j and as the rest dare not stop by themselves, the whole of the i company soon filed oat of tbe house, many of * tbem being armed with one thing or another from the landlord, who carried a fcngeUnnder buss, to 'Torn o'lh Brook Holla,' » oobbler who rented a small work-sbop from theowner By ?and-by the boose wits reached, and after *» little time wa* spent in unlocking the door, 'the lady of the house went inside, while tbp ^zeat of ns stayed at ? respectful distance. By the time, however, that Mrs. Peel had t found a match with which' to tight the candle which was fixed in an old faaniooed holder 4iftf»ging againet the whitewashed vail* we bad ventured nearer the doorway, and, witb ^expectation raised to an exciting pitch, awaited the outcome of tbe lady's audacity. The deathlike stillness, broken only by the dull unearthly tick of a tall dock, now and then, the stirring of a foot on the sanded floor emote me with a foreboding, compared to which the battle trumpet is a merry chime. * Hev yo* bin tryin' to shake th' boyle deawo, some on yoa?' were the words that aroused me from my reverie. * Them as gooas a*eeecbin* boggarts shouldn't be freetened ov' ?lookin* in a giiai j* In an instant, as I met the withering smiles of the awfftnMc-i multitude, «H became clear to me. On a table in front of the window stood a common mirror, which was held by and swung on screws in its centre, and whicb was top heavy from the amount of orna mental drapery with which it is the fashion to adorn these pieces of furniture. When 1 rattled the window, the gravity of this super' incumbent drapery had asserted itself, the mirror had turned upside down with the glass toward the window, and the face that had confronted me was — a reflection of my own. Need I say more in palliation of refusal to credit every wild story of hobgoblins and spirits which is dinned into my ears, and which if tried, might prove to be— a refiec tioo. ?? Luke Aloft,' in the Mandieeter Weekly MaSL 