SYDNEY BULLETIN ITEMS. Woman's influence is powerful, especi allywhen ·sie wants anything. " Heartless Frauds on Women" (we take this heading from an exchange): Hus banis. He'd been months polishing his poem, and what were his feelings when it ap peartdl i", print, and the first line read 'I s;t beside the stinking fire?" Lady Stradbroke wrote the par. in the World that got Yates his four months. She got "12 bob" for it. William James, of Adelaide, has given us a splendid example of self-sacrifice in the interests of science. William was a groom, and when he blew out his brains in the privacy of the stable, everybody- including the horses-jumped to the hasty conclusion that " temporary insanity" was the cause of this unusual conduct. Not so; William decided to die from a stern sense of duty ; he felt that he would be more useful to mankind as a skeleton, and, after writing a letter bequeathing his body to Dr. Campbell for scientific purposes, he oave up the ghost without further delay. How many people might imitate William James, with credit to themselves and bene fit to the genaral community. It's nice to he a king. Here it is re. ported that the Queen" has given orders that Tawhiao's grog shall be stopped for a week prior to his audience with her, and that the heads of himself and chiefs shall be shaved immediately. The late Sir Michael Costa seems to have been a bit of a fraud. Sir months before his death he gave out that he had lost his all in speculations. So a big sub= scription was got up for him. Now it seems that he died worth £30,000. Well, all we can say is if he gets in, St. Peter is not the toan-saint we mean-that we took him for. It is said that Charles Reade was an un successful journalist. Well we all can't be Alfred Bennetts ..." Sir Roger's" wife is an inmate of South Stoneham Workhouse, near Southampton. The children are, however well cared for by sympa thisers...Bass, the brewer, left £1,800,000. He was a great philanthorpist, too, and only accumulated that trifle because he had first relieved all the want and misery in existence. A London correspondent writes : " Those who are in the inner arena, and are supposed to know whereof they speak, say that the Prince of Wales is one of the most devoted husband lovers that ever lived." Butdid Walesevercomehomeafter a ten hours' struggle with heap of blue Smetal, or a chockand logfence, and findhis supper gone cold, and the baby fallen inttr the wash-tab, and the fire gone out, and: the missis standing over at the grocer's door discussiug with fIr Bliffens how'the Tomkinses manage to get along with only a quarter of a ten of firewood in three months ? Has the heir- apparent felt that 1 Why, then, tell us that his Royal Higness is happy-why flout the felicity of that Prince in our faces, when we the struggl, ing poor, are compelled to-to-But how can we follow up the reflection when the baby has just fallen into the fire. Verily the wise man was right, and there is a s,,pon of roguery underlying all professions and trades except those of the lawyer, the tailor, and the professional pedestrian. A few days ago, five pianos, consigned to a leading Mel bourne firm of importers, were impounded by the Customs authorities on the grounds that they had not been invoiced at their proper market pitch. The honest Iago of the firm earnestly pleaded, " Oh, tho 'elp me, Father Abraham, they're only a job loth o' cheap thingth thent out for show ;" but the Department was determined to see the business through, and taking advan tage of a clause in the Customs Act, pur chased the consignment at the invoice prices, with ten per cent. added, after which M'Clure, Valentine, and Co. were instructed to clear the lot by public auc tion. The sale-to the intense dismay of. the original of owners-was largely at-. Stended, and the bidding brisk, the five pianos being finally knocked down at £45, £62, £66, £70, and £86. Not at all bad figures for a " job lot," which were put in by the Customs respectively for £15, £20, £15, £20, and £25, or, in other words, at between 200 and 300 per cent. below the sums they brought at auction. Rachel, mourning for her kids, and refusiug to be Scomforted, isn't a circumstance now by the side of Jacob mourning for "them bianos." The great Graham Berry is growing greyer every day. His chest is sinking, his voice is broken, and his breath comes in gasps. It is little wonder. Think of what it cost him to sit beside the Premier the other night while the-Budget speeeh was being read. Service proclaimed that he would raise £85,000 by putting an extra duty of 2s a gallon on spirits. Berry looked as honest as sunrise, but the way he sent his eye around the House told old stagers that the composure was affected, and that he was afraid of some thing hursting up on him. David Gaun son was spitting on his fingers and turn in' over the leaves of old Hansards. Berry saw hinm, and looked aloft for strength. When Service ended, Gaunaso said, " In 1875, Mr Service (hum) pro posed to raise £90,000 by putting an extra 2s on spirits. At that time, Mr Berry (hum) strongly opposed the idea, urging that as the working classes were the greatest consumers spirits ,f in the colony, the proposal would impose additional taxa tion upon those who paid too much al ready.l How, ha, hum, did MIr Berry corme to assent to it now l' When the House took its eyes off the great Graham, hlie mused, " It is not years of work that kill a man. It is having to sit five minutes that way, from time to time." This is a-little " wholesomte fun" which a Bega editor gives the local girls gratis, with a paternal pat on their fringe-covered I noddles. At a dance two girls were dis cussing a third, and summed her up thus: SShe's a very nimee girl, but too quiet; can't lookn men in the face; and then she goes out to work. Oh, we can't invite Sher." Just so, the chief end of a girl is t hok" men in the face," is iti What a girl wants isbrass features; then put on Simpudence, and mistake it for manners. The maiden's prayer in Bega is "Lord, g ire me a man." And, if they find a i man, how are they able to treat him 1 Can i some of them boil a potato, make a pud. dilg, rear a child, or keep a house where the gaudy carpet dosn't cover inches of Sdirt in the corners . Go to; your sisters who "go out to work" are your superiors ian every tray. " 3ir Quong Tart has adopted the sug gestion than non-opium smokers wear a light red ribbon." Humph! And the teetotallers wear a blue ribbon. It is timne for people of right feeling, who like their liquor and their smoke, to wear some distinguishing badge, too. How would a medal, to be worn in the hat-in the manner of the gay Italian brigand with a neat design of two cross piper, surmounted by a pewter, engraved on it, do ? We feel this to be a feeble sugges tion couched in feeble phrase. Perhaps we had better load up before we write any I tlUorda, 