ACADEMY CF MUSK. HTJDSGNS SUBPBX5E PAEn. A large andjesee, eager to .-be «auued, assembled at the Academy «n Saturday «v«a- ing, to witness the openisg performance of Hudson'* Surprise Party on their return to this colorjy.ttnd it may fairly be said that a heetty welcome wasettended to these popular purveyors of mirth and song. Xae company counts several new faces since Its last appear ance in Adelaide, and the programme was novel as well as amusing throughout. Air. T. 'HoAon «y«^i-eMeU-icfc-M'.»gcran -hM4tm--- nuktegrtr«*S-taH-,*''«Bdiw«hly aa&Mtftei;' -b» IHM'Mtfven.wirterUKRrtriE, s&d; -tfr.-O. - 'Smlttras '''Sambo.' --Tto %fst part -«f tin j .profeiBKoe -eeasiafea -ot -comic *nd weati ; mental ?sa-rjge, intenpennl twKh the usual :- jdkesand conuBKraau. Of these Matter itae ?company ;feave4Aid in ji -new «nd «tteattve- stock, -ma -the ^frequent -roars of kragbter among the -»peotetora -testified «n ;S*tura*y evening, ares May Melville is -gifted with « -fine -voiee, -which «ts ?aswd to advantage in fcer -ballad ot ' Dream faces.' Most successful were the comic songs 'McCarthy's mare,11' siren by Mr. -Smith, -and ?« very laughable presentation of Buuthome's oilobcotod asstfcetic -ditty -entitka 'Tte Uppity fijp youDe inaD,' msdered wi* .fharacteristic hnmerbyWT.findtOD. TiKj-fiwtpart of the entertarament conauded ^with «n amuilue; ghost interlude, «n ?which Six. Hadson's . terror-Bteiekfin facial contortions and moo drouejy vregfile *'-woor' are something to witnets. In -tbe second part -SUsa DeQay reirderea Bevetataekcttens tm'the piano very cleverly, and Mr. Albert Manvers showed himself « 4h«rough abating jirtist The Tyrolean flaet ?from 'M»a»me Favart' was weU OTBg -by Hiss maySelviUe «nd Miss AdaMaven. 'The -next item was -Sir. Fred. DattfaTOwioal and character sketches. Tais is Mr.a-ark% ftrst appearance in Adelaide, bnt ?hia livery descriptions and clever imper soi- ations«f vharaoter.^s -well as bis musical abBitieSj 'rendered him * favorite -with the andienoe at-once. Mr. Oscar Smith shoved superior powers «« ventriloquist, «ndevolved a great deal of amusement out of his puppets, ' and- espeojaUy out of the remarkable manner in which he influced them to sing' Father, come borne.' 'Messrs. HudBQn-and Manven, . attired as colored senators, gave an amusing scene of the breakdown type, which was thoroughly appreciated by the gallery. Miss Bellie Harley received an encore for her patriotic song, ' The flag «f Australia,' as also Miss May Melville for Jier very able singing of ' Tbe wood nynrph's calt' Aa enjoyable evening' closed with ithe screaming sketch, 'Jumbo's Arrival.' Cfaene* Chi cago folding-chairs wiai wMch the -stalls were fitted for the first time An -Saturday night, nere a preat improvement ia the sitting accommodation of tfaeitonse. 