I ' ; TRB " MAROR REYIH (VS. ' 'From the Fall Mail Gazelle.) Tho article in this íuio'ntli'8 royiowa which, owing to tha I eyonts of tho hiat few.days, hus IIB much interest as uny, is that by a "Step'niak" in tho Contemporary ou the reign j of dynamite. ,," Aro. tho. bombs and explosives of tho European terrorists' morely extravagance« of a few hot heads,'' the writer nsks,' ? " or are we ou tho oyo of a new emin the revolutionary movement't " Headers of " Under- ground Russia " will be familiar already with " Stepuiak'a " j,account of. terrorism in Husaia uud its prediaposiug causes. I These causas aro so special to Russia that " btepuiak" doe« not believe in tiny futuro tor dynamite elsewhere-unless, indeed, other Governments, ?" wishing to avoid the stato of LthingH thai has come ¿bout in Russia, have tho uulucky in-, apirution to,, adopt tho Russian methods." " Stepniak " gives on .interesting extract from the Narodna yd I'olya, in which' tho' Russian'rcvolutionary party protest against i'tho imitation of their methods " iu countries whero tho liberty of the subject, allowa peaceful discussion of ideas." Mr. Walter BesauC's orliclo on the " Amusements of tho Peoplo " forma ; a suggestive contrast to Lady John Manners' doscrip'tton'of tho luxury of tho rich, uud wo may 'tako an Opportunity of. noticing it olsuwhoro. Mr. Arnold Forster, who accompanied Mr. W. E. Forster on his rocont journey in the fiaat, contributes from personal observation an account of tho actual'condition of Bulgaria and Eastern. Rouineliu. Mr. Arnold Forster entirely agrees with what other observers hstvo said, that tho provincos hnvo botli made wonderful progre-sa towarda good government, but that tho rights rosoryidtolho Porte in-tho caso ot Eiiatern Rouuioliu have been productive of much harm. Those who tako delight, in manipulating electoral statistics will road with interest tu»practical proposal" which Slr. VVostlaka .mukös for amending th« system of voting. in school board elections. Tho proportional principio is- well established iu theao olectiona, . but it bas not iuccuoded, Mr. VVoBtlake points out, in really giving every shado of opinion ¡ts pro- portional, representation. It would bu well if Sir John Lubbook's-1 Kooiety, boforo agitating for, . tho adoption of tho principio in Parliamentary, . elections, were to show how by : . Mr. . W.^tjuke|a proposal to "combine fros lists with tho cumulative "Volo" or othorwiso, it could bo made to'«naiver bettor in Behool board elections. There is not-ao much theology as UBIUII in thia month's number: for Mr.-Ll. ¿avies, in « sketch of F.D. Maurice's lifo, mukiB itV ono of his hero's greatest virtuos that he founded no theological school, und Dr. Fnirbnirn's mum contention in his napor ou'" Tho Churchea aud tho Ideal of Religion " is that churches and dogmas oxist for religion, and that religion'does not consist in thom. Dr. Fairbairn falls,' hbwoyor,rinto the tomptation.of theological doflnition'himsolf, and- describas' religion ns " the conscious relation of ínüu'aB spiritto tho croutive nnd unlvorenl and regnant spirit;" ; The only purely litorary articlo is ono by Dr.-Hillobrund on tho modern sohonl of fiction, a subject whloh must hy this time'pall even on tho moot loug-suil'or ing of magazino raiders. A paper by Pn>fu:-sor Bonainy' l'rice on tho Indian corrency, und auotber'ot M. Mouod'a thoughtful but rather belated roviows of French politics and literature, togother with somo critiques on recent booka, muka up a number which is ii good deul moro "alivo" than some recent issues have been. The National Review, by way of celebrating its first anniversary, begins with a political manifesto;" ""Tho period of success," wo aro tolit with rcferenco tó tho pros- pects of tho Opposition,- "is not far oil' tvlien'the eiage bf uuiveival detraction has been reached.'" A clever but bit- ter articlo iu tho Fortnightly, on. "Job and his Com- forters," furnishes detraction onongh from one quarter; bul; tho writer in tho JS'alionnl supplies the reqoj'Bito univer- sality. For first wo aro told that Lord Salisbury and äic Stafford Northcote uro evorylhing that could', bo desired, and that " what is wuuted in tho Conservativo -runki Ia not mora capacity in ita captains but more discipline and patienca ; umoug borne of its lieutenants." But when wo turn ovoi tho pago tho picturo is reversed. Wo aro then assured that there novtr was a timo " whoh tho Cousorvutivorjnrr.y won [ iu to healthy, vigorous, and harmonious a condition, bul that tho loaders "havo uot adequately grasped" u.ho politi- cal situation, that they are wanting in " vigour/and out« I spokouuess," and, abovo all, in n policy. In sjSito of this I singularly iufclicitouB ninuifcsto, tho prosent nuuibor of tho i review is, however, a, very good ono, althaugu,.;ita beal p:»pers nro those which have least to do with^politics. Tho boat of all from a litorary point bf viow is nguiu, as has been BO often tho casu, that by Mr. Alfted AuBtin'hitnsolf.i who writes this mouth with equal dignity and good''t>euBe oa¡' " Tho Aristocracy of Letters, or how mon ot 'ettérs ought to write and how to comport themselves as men of letters."' As to what Mr. Austin hus to say about tho proper relation of iilou of letters lo tho Srato audio society, every one is agrood that u Poet Lauroato when offered a pecrago'mighti withouf. urrogauco reply, " 1 four ybiir coronet wouid'not gc uvor my laurels." Mr. Austin is equally - uinphalift in hi» ropudiulion of tho ido¿ that mon ot letters raquirt1 either; pity or pensiono. Thero is soinothing of tho sumo masculina good uonso in M. Arthur Baigncrcs's critique upon tho theory of tho " french Impressionist Sohool," and their practical conclusion that a picturo needs no aubject, to which ha might have added tho corollary drawn by Mr. Ruskin thoothorduy, "andhonco that ovury picturo should look the sumo upside down." Of the urticlea on Kooial sub- jects, ' we have already noticed Lady ' John Munners'8 " Sequel tn Rich Mcu's Dwellings " Dr. Tirard dir.cUHsea' tho " H'jspi.ul Problem " of tho enormously high infant mortality'muong tho poor, and tho apparently 'hopeless ' ignoniuco of children's diseases on tho part of tho niothere. Au article of travel and nome minor political papera ciin pleto un oxcelleut number. Tho drat placo iu tho P'orttiig/itly Review is rightly given to Mr. Justice Stephen's weighty urcicle on tho blasphemy laws. Lord Coleridgo, it will bo remcmberoa, laid down ia Mr. Foote's case that tho offenco consmtoa not in tho nitnre ol' tho mattor published, but in .1 neglect of " tho debacles of controversy." With thu sentiment pervading this judg- ment Mr. Justice Stephen (liku HO runnr of us) entirely-, ngtoas ; hut he regards tho fair aud full application of Lord Coloridge's view of tho law IIB " a practical impossibility."' Mr. Justice fUepiieu believes, however-«nd hm nualysisi Booms convincing on the point-tuat Lord Coleridge's judg-| ruuut was not a correll: G;;pr>siliou of tho law as it ia; anet that "ovorv bookseller who eells, and «ny ono who lends ta his friend 11 copy of 'Comic's ' Positivo Philosophy ' ot ot Kouuu's ' Vie de J osue ' commits a criiuo puninb.« able with iine and imprisonment." To stuto fhn law thus is to coodoiuti it; and Mr. Justico Stephan, concludes with rt-coinmeuding either tho removal of tho blnsphomy laws from tho- statuta book altogether or u Declaratory Act enacting that Lord Coleridge's doctrina should'henceforth prevail. Sir Lepsl Griffin'* second articlo on Amoriea-" Tho Harvestof Dsmocnioy" is as nearching in i til attack on tho political system of tho Shaun a» bis former article was pitiless towatdu tho social BburteoniingK of our Transatlantic couaina. Another reuduble articlo is that by the odit-ir on Mr. Hayward., Thoso who imagine that this roinarkablo mun waa merely or chiefly 11 diner-out mid a raconteur will havo their views, cousidurahly cfirrected by Mr. Escort's timely akotch of tho moro : orioiin aspcats of i\lr. Hiij-wurd'a lifo and character. Tho faces ut ui.uuy of Mr. ISrdtl'a readers will aurolr lengthen, ineanwhilu, when thoy eeo that " tho politician*" wbos'i " troublo about his soul " thoy fondly hoped waa well over list mouth, is still "in search of a haven." However, thero is plimty of varioty in tho roviow, and tho noxt articlo,-" Gliinpsea ol the Eimdui," hy Lady Gregory, though only a compilation from Dr. Schwoinfarth'a "Heurt of Africa," will command gcuoral- intorost jual now. Mr. Traill contributes six " bonnets of Contrast" (upon Theism-theism and fivo othor theological-isms) ; Mr. A. J. Wilson, pondering upon tho national debts, playa tho part of Caasandru in uu articlo culled " A World in Pawn ; " Mr. Broadhurst argues for tho "Enfranchisement of Urban Leaseholders ; " Mr.-F. F. Willort whitewashes " Machiavelli," aud tho number con- . clinics with tho usual Roviow ot Homo and Foreign Affairs. Tho Nineteenth Century is us full of topics of tho day sat, ever. Tho article on " iJeaBuuts' Homos in Arcady" ia ono of tho moat roadublo. Arcady hita its Mayfair and its Belgravia, no doubt ; but also ita Bermondsey and ita Whitechapel, " and if you waut to, BOO what miui-stioH aro, you should go to tho Jiiist-aiid of Arcady." Tho towns- man is better oil than tho villager in that ho ia bettoi supplied with waler. For many purposes, indeed, " Arcady prefers her puddles." As for remedies Dr. JosHop boliovet ikufc tho housing of tho peasants doeoiilly does not and can- not pay uuy moro than a hospital or a onurch paya, und the only chunco of deliverance lies therefore with " those whom God has blessed with tho two groat gifts of wealth nnl a generous heart." Tho Egyptian question is represented by a lone Htutoment, writton from ïbepheard'e Hotel, Cairo, of 1 Mr. lidwurd Dicey'« fumiliar views on tho necessity of un! English V Protectorate in Egypt." Mr. Dicey makoa offec-( tivo us« of 11 piiosago in Vuiioliau history which has not hitherto boou cited in this connection. A proposal waa oneal mudo that thu Venetian Ropublio should mako herself] ïiiislress of Egypt, but tho non-contentB carried thc div, and' tho ll-ig of trio Lion of St. Mark was novor planted fin tho] Isthmus of ? Sue/,. Therefore tho courso of trude passoût' into othor hands aud channels, and the Queen of tho; Adriatlo bocamo tho Bhudow of u great sumo. Priucai Krapotkiu'H Housational uocouut of " Tho Exilo in Sibaria"! ht/ould bo rend in couuectiou with " Stopniuk'a " rnpor in tho Contemporary. ¡Sir Thomua Brassey contribiitoa a' pipet' on " Ship Insurances, and Loss of Lifo ut Sita," which may bo commended to thoso who uro disposed to join tho ehipownurs in their pro- tests ii^ttiuat Mr. Chuinberliiiu's bill. Loid Dun- raven oxposes tho way iu which tho Lord's Day Rest Asso- ciation un.^ipulattd tho liguríB to mako out that tho ! majority oi' ^he ivorkinic meu had declared against tho Suu dny opening; of museums. Earl Croy greets tho now. lt of omi Bill with a chiiiacteristic utterance 011 tho doca-, donco of tho l.touso of Commous, and rejoices that "thoued of 11» wliOífl da_vs are fast coming to un ond will bo taken, from the evil tii ,':ome." Miss Lonsdale, hnviug found au different lino of 1 tsefuluess h-irself, has unfortunately no. symputhy for " l ialiorm Women," add says so, not, how«., ever, to much purj. 'ose. Tho Dean of Westminster contri-' butes some iutorosti u« reminiscences of hi3 "school day* und schoolfellows fr 1S30 to lS-iO," and Mr. Traill aa ninusing dlnloguo bet- Veeu tho "Brutes on their Muster. "> Finally Mr. Fro i eric Harrison's papar, "Tho Ghost of? Religion," iu reply to \Xr. Spencer's urtiole in tho Junuary) number, is 11 very effective piuco of polemiail writing» directed ngain=t the ne\ v doctrino of ignotum omne pro divino. Mr. Ilarripo'. wi ll not believo iu tho power of tho Unknown raised to Iiiänit V ("r algebraically XII) to muka, good men and women until ho has seen the now lmitatia lynoti. Tito Frölich, archo- "ïlogical expedition inj Tunis has found several runs t ~f. great buildings belonging; to Roman times. One is n ma.\\}do temple beltevod, to bo, dcdtcntwl tjjtho Wost Wind. , - . 