m TT f B, By MISS BRADDG2ST, Author of "Lady Audlej'rf Secret," "Tdkoa at the Flood," "A S: range World," "Deal Men's Shoes," " Weavers and Weft," " Just As I Am," &c;,, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. AH rights reserved 1 THE NARRATIVE. Ckaitek XXVI.—" Roses Choked Airoxo TirOllNS AND THISTLES." ( Continued. I They drove down to Rood Hall early next week, Sir George conveying them in his drag, with a change o£ horses at Maidenhead, The weather was peerless; the country ex quisite, approached from London, How different that river landscape looks to the eyes of the traveller returning from the wild West of England, the wooded gorges of Corn wall and Devon, the Tansar, and the Dart. Then how small and poor and mean seems silvery Thames, gliding peacefully between his willowy bank, singing his lullaby to the whispering sedges; a poor little river, a flat common-place landscape, says the traveller, fresh from moorland and tor, from the rooky a he re of the Atlantic, the deep clefts of the great red hills. To Lesbia's eyes the placid stream and^ the green pastures, breathing odors of meadow sweet and clover, seemed passing lovely. She was pleased with her own hatandpara3ol too, which made her graciously disposed towards the landscape; and the last packet of gloves from ITori.h Auyley-street fitted without a wrinkle. The glove-maker was beginning to understand her hand, which was a study for a sculptor, but which had its little peculiarities. Nor was she ill-disposed to Mr, Smithson, who had come up to town by an early traiu, in order to lunch in Arlington-street, and go back by coach, seated just behind Lady Lesbia, who had the box-seat beside Sir George. The drive was delightful. It was a few minutes after 5 when the coacli drove pa3t the picturesque old gate-house into Mr. Smithson's Park, and Rood Hall lay on the low ground in front of thc-m, with lis back to the river. It was an old red brick hou3e, jin the Tudor stylo, with an advanced porch, and fcur projecting wings, three storeys high, with picturesque spire roofs, overtopping the main building. Around the house ran a boldly carved stone parapet, bearing the herons and bulrushes which vjere the cogni sance of the noble race for which the mansion was built. Numerous projecting znullioned windows broke up the line of the park front. Lesbia was fain to own that Rood Hail was even better than Park lane. In Loudon Mr. Sscithson had created c, palace, nut it was a new palace, which still had a faiat flavor of bricks and morfcsr, and which .was apt to remind the spectator of that wonderful erection of Aladuin, the famous parvenu of eastern story. Here, in Berkshire, "Mr. Smithson had dropped into a nest which bad teen kept warm for him for three ccu tuiies, aired and beautified by generations of u noble race that had obligingly decayed and dwindled in order to make room for Mr. Smithson. Here the parvenu had bought a hotne, mellowed by the slow growth of years, touched into poetic beamy by the chastening firgers of time. His artist friends told him that every brick in the red walls was " pre eieue," a mystery of color which only a painter could fitly understand and value. Here he bad bought associations, ho had bought his lory. He had bought the dust of Elisabeth's senators, the bones of her court beauties. The coffins in the mausoleum yonder in the ferny depths of the park, the village church just outside the gates, these had all gono with the property. Lesbia went up the grand staircase, through the long corridors, in a dream of wonder. Brought up at Feiiaide, in that new part of the Westmoreland house which had been built by her grandmother ana had no history, she felt thrilled by the sober splen dor of this fine old manorial mansion. All was sound.and substantial as ff created yes terday,.so well preserved had been the goods and chattels of the noble rsce, and yet, all wore such unmistakable maika ot age. Tue deep rich coloring of the wainscot, the faded hues of the tapestry, the draperies of c03tlicsfc velvet and brocade were all sobered by the passing of years. Mr. SnsithEon had shown his good taste in having kept ail things as Sir Hubert Heron ville, the last of his race, had left them; ar.d the Hexonvilks bad been one of those grand old Tory laces which change nothing of the past. Lady Lesbia's bedroom was the state ■ chamber which had bec-u occupied by kings and queens in days of yere. That grandiose four poster, with tiie carved ebony columns, . cut velvet curtains, and plumes of ostrich feathers, had been built for Elizabeth, when she deigned to include Rood Hall in one of her royal pregresses. Charles the First ha rested bis weary head upon those very pillows before he went on to the inn at Uxbridge, where ho was to be lodged less luxuriously. James the Second had stayed there when Dokc of York, with Mistress Anno Hyde, before he had acknowledged his marriage to the multitude; and Anne's daughter had occupied the same room as Queen of England forty years later; and now the royal cham ber, with adjacent dressing - room, and oratory, and spacious boudoir, all in the same suite, was reserved for Lady Lesbia HaseldeD. " I'm afraid you are spoiling me," she told Mr. Smithson, when he asked if she approved of the rooms that had been allotted to her. "I feel quite ashamed of myself among the ghosts of cead and gone queens." " Why so? Sorely the royalty of beauty has as divine a right as that of an anointed sovereign." " 1 hope the royal personages don't walk," exclaimcdtLady Ivirkbank in her girlish tone, " this is just the house in which one would expect ghosts." Whereupon Mrs. Hoy sty n hastened to en lightcnike company upon the real causes of of gii-st-seeing, which she bad lively studied in " Carpenter's Mental Physiology," aud favored them with a diluted version of the views of that authority. This was at afternoon lea in the library, where the brass-wired bookcases, Ailed with mighty folios and handsome octavos in old binding?, looked as if they had notbeen opened for a century. The literature of past ages furnithed the room and made a delightful background. The literature of the present lay about cm the tacks and testified that the high; st intellectual flight of.the inhabitants of Rood Hall we.". a flip into the Contemporary or the Nineti erdit Century, or the perusal of the last new scandal in the shape of reminis cences Or autobiography. One large round table was consecrated to Mudie, another to Rolandi. On the one side you bad Mrs. Oii pliart, on the other Zola, exemplifying the genius of the two nations. After tea Mr, Smithson's visitors, most of whom had arrived in Sir George's drag, ex plored the grounds, and these were lovely beyond expression, in the low afternoon light. Cedars of Lebanon spread iheir broad shadows on the velvet lawn; yews and Wcllingtonias, of mighty growth, made an atmosphere of gloom in some parts of the grounds. One great feature was the ladies' garden, a spot apart, a great square garden surrounded with a laurel wall, eight feet high, containing a rose garden, whore the choicest specimens grew and flourished, while in the centre there was a circular fish pond and a fountain. There waa a lavender walk, too, another feature of the grounds at Rood Holi, an avenue of tall lavender bushes, much affected by the stately dames of old. Modern manners preferred the river ter race as a pleasant place on which to loiter at evening, to watcli the boats flashing by in the evening light, or the sun going down behind a fringe of wiliown on t.be opposkc bank. This Italian terrace, with its statues, and cr.rvcd vases filled with roses, fuchsias, and geraniums, was the great point of rendez vous after dinner at Rood Hall—an ideal spot whereon to linger in the deepening twilight, from which to gsze upon-the moonlit river later on in the night. The windows of the drawing-room and • musicroom and ballroom opened on to this terrace, and the royal wing—the tower- ' shaped wiDg now devoted to Lady Lesbia, looked upon the terrace and the river. "Lovely as your house is altogether, I think this river view is the best part of it," said Lady Lesbia, as she. strolled with Mr. Smithson on the terrace after dinner, dressed in India muslin, which was almost as poetical as a vapor, and with a cloud of delicate lace wrapped round her head. "I think I shall spend half of my life at my boudoir window, gloaiiDg over that delicious landscape." Mr. Meander, the poet, was discoursing to a select group upon that peculiar quality of willows which caused them to shiver, 'and quiver, and throw little lights and shadows on the river, and cn the subtle, ineffable hsauty of twilight, which, perhaps, however utterly beautiful in the abstract would have been b.ere agreeable to him personally if he bad not been surrounded by u cloud of gnats, which refused to be buffeted off bis laurel crowned head. While Mr. Meander poetised in his usual, eloquent style, Mrs, Moatyn, as a still newer light, discoursed as eloquently .to a .little knot ot vcmii), imparting valuablecitiformation upon the anatomical sirustufiKJtod individml ■pet uli&i; ivies of those vurious-Mwects which are. the pests of a summer's evening. j "Yen don't like gna's!" exclaimed the lady : "how very extraordinary. D.) yon know I have spent days and weeks upon the study oE their habits and dear little ways. They are the most interesting creatures—far tupcrior to us in intellect. Da you know that they fight, and that they have tribes whioh arc life-long enemies—like those dreadful Corsicans—and that they make graves and bury eacho therjalive, if they can; and they hold vestries, and have burial boards. They are most absorbing creatures, if you only give yourself up to the study of them; but it is no use to bo half-hearted in a study of that kind. I went without so much as a cap of tea for twenty-four hours, watching my gnats, for fear the opcniDg of the doorshould startle them. It was dreadful, but I had my reward.", " How interesting, how noble of you," ex claimed the other ladies; and then they began to talk about bonnets, and about Mr. Smith son, to speculate how much money this house ar.d ail bis other houses had cost Mm, and to consider if he was really rich, or if he were only one of those great financial windbags which so often explode and leave the world aghast, marvelling at the ease with which it has been deluded. They wondered, too, whether Lady Lesbia Haselden meant to many him. " Of course she does, my dear," answered Mrs. Mostyn decisively, "you don't suppose that aft< r having studied the habit3j of gnats I cannot reed such a poor shallow creature as a silly vain girl. Of courso Lady Lesbia means to marry Mr. Smithson'3 fine houses, and she is only amusing herself and swelling, her own importance by letting him dangle in a kind of suspense which is not suspense; for ho knows as well as she does that she means to have him." The next day was given up first to seeing the house, an amusement which lasted very well for the first hour after breakfast, and then to wandering in a desultory manner, to rowing, aud canoeing, and a little sailing, and a geed deal of screaming and pretty timidity upon the blue bright river; to gathering wild flowers and ferns in rustic lanes, and to an al fretco luncheon in the wood at Medmenham, and then dinner, and then music, an evening spent half within and half without the music room, cigarettes sparkling like glowworms on the terrace, tall talk from Mr. Meander, long quotations from his own muse and that of licssetfci. a little Shelley, a little Keats, a good d cal of Swinbourne. The festivities were late on the second evening, as Mr. Smithson had invited a good many people from the neigh borhood, but the housepaity were not the less early on the following morning, which was the first Henley day. It was a peerless morning, andallthe brass work of Mr. Smithaon'3 launch sparkled and shone in the sun as she lay in front of tho terrace. A weeden pier, a portable construe tion, was thrown out to enable the company to go on board the launch without the possi bility of wet feet or damaged raiment. Lesbia's Cfcaumont costume was a success. The worn en praieed it, the men stared and adxnirt d. The dark-blue silken jersey, sparkling with closely studded indigo beads, fitted tho slim graceful figure as a serpent's scale fit tho airpect. The coquettish little blue siik toque, the careless cluster of gold colored poppies in the glossy brown hair, the large sunshade of old gold satin, the flounced petticoat of softest Indian silk, the dainty little tan- colored- boots with high heels and pointed tors, were all perfect after their fashion ; and Mr. Smithson felt that the liege lady of Lis life, the woman he meant tG marry willy Billy, would be the belle of the race-, course. Kor was be disappointed. /Every-;, body in London bad heard of Lady Lesbia Hsselden, Her photograph was in all the West-end windows, was enshrined in tbo albums of South Kensington arid Glapham, Maid a Vale and Havsrstcck Hill. People v/bese- circles were far remote from Lady Ltsbia's circle were S3 ' familiar with her beauty as if tbe-y had known her from her cradle. i\nd all these outsiders wanted to see her in the flesh, just as they always thirst to behold royal personages. So when it be came known that the beautiful Lady- Lesbia • Hssfldtn wes on board Mr. Smithron's launch, oli the people in the small boats, or on neighboring b3rges, made it their business to have a good look at Iter. The launch was almost mobbed by theso inquisitive little boats in the intervals between the races. "Vvhst are the people all staring and hustling each other for ?"' asked Lssbia." inno cc-r.t'-y. She bad seen the same hustling and whispering.and staring in the hall at tho ept-ra when she was waiting for her carriage; but she chose to affect uuconsciousness. "What do they all want?" "2 thiukihey want to see you," said Mr. Smithson, who was sitting by her aide, '' A very natural dc-sise." Lesbia laughed, and lowered the big yellow sunshade so as to hide herself aitogetl er from the starers, . " Hew silly," sko exclaimed. " It is all the fault of those horrid photographers ; thoy vulgarise everything and everybody. I will never be photographed again." " Ob, yes, you will, and in that frock. It's the prettiest thing I've seen for a long time. Why do you hide yourself from those poor wretches who keeping rowing backwards and forwards in an obviously aimless way just to get a peep at you on passant. What happi ness for us who live near you, aud can gaze when' we will, without all those absurd manoeuvres. There goes the gun—and now for a hard fought race." Ltsbia pretended to be interested in the racing; she pretended to be gay, but her heart was as heavy bs lead. That burden of debt, which bad been growing ever since Serapbine sent in her bill, was weighing her down to the dust. She owed three thousand pounds. Itscemed incrediblo that she should owe so much—that a girl's frivolous fancies and extravagances could amount to such a sum within so shorts span. But thoughtless purchases, ignorant orders had run on from week to week, and tho main result was an indebtedness of close upon three thousand pounds. Three thousand pounds! The sum was continually sounding in her ears like the cry of a screech owl. The very ripple of tho river fiowiDg so peacefully under the blue Eummer sky seemed to repeat the words. Three thousand pounds ! "Is it much?" she wondered, having no standard of comparison. " Is it very much more than my grandmother will expect me to have spent in the time? Will it trouble her to have to pay those bills ? Will she be very aDgry ?" Theae were questions which Lesbia kept asking herself in every pause of her frivolous existence—in such a pause as this, for in stance, while the people round her were standing breathless, open-mouthed, gsziog after the boats. She did not care a straw for the boats, who won or who lost the race. It was alls hollow mockery. Indeed, it seemed just tow that the only real thing in life wa3 these aceussed bills, which would have to be paid somehow. She had told Lady Moulevrler nothing about them as yet. She had allowed herself to be advised fay Lady Kirkbank, and she had taken time to think. But thought had given her no help. The days were gliding onward, and Lady Maulevrier would have to be told. She meditated perplexedly about her grandmother's income. She had never heard the extent of it, but had taken for granted that Lady Mauh-vrier was rich. Would three thousand pounds make a great inroad on that income ? Would it bs a year's income half a year's? Lesbia had do idea. Life at Fellsido was carried on ia an elegant manner —with considerable luxury in house and garden—a luxury of flower?, a lavish ex penditure of labor. Yet the expenditure of Lady Mauicvrier's existence, spent always on the same spot, must be as nothing to .the money spent in such a life as LadyKirk bsnk's, which involved the keeping up of three or four houses, and costly j ourneys to and fro, and incessant change of attire." No doubt Lady Maulevrier had saved momy ; yes, she must have saved thousands during Jber long seclusion, Lesbia argued. Her grandmother had told her that sh8 was to lock upon herself as an heiress. This could only mean that Lady Maulevrier had sr for tune to leave her: and this being so, what eculd it matter if she had anticipated some of her portion ? And yet, and 5 et, there was in her heart of hearts a terrible fear of that stern dowager, of the cold scorn in those splendid eyes when she should stand revealed in her all her foolishness, her selfish, mind less, vain extravagances. She, who had never been reproved, shrank with a sickly dread from the ides of reproof; and to be told that her career as a fashionable beauty had been a failure, that would be the bitterest pang of all. Soon came luncheon, and Heldsesk, and then an afternoon which was gayer than the morning had been, inasmuch as every one. talked tcnd laughed more after luncheon.' And then there was 5 o'cloek tea on deck, under the striped Japanese awniDg to the jingle of banjos, enlivened by the wit of black-faccd minstrels, amidst wherries and canoes, and gondolas, and ponderous house- ■ boats, and snorting launches, crowding the sides of the sunlit river, ,in full view of the , crowd yonder in front of the lied Lion, and \- here on this nearer bank, and all aloDg either ■ shore, fringing the green meadows with a gaudy border of well-dressed humanity. It was a gay scene, and Le.-b:a gave herself up to the amusement of the hour, and talked and chaffed, as she had learned to talk and chaff in one brief seasoD, holding her own against all comers, Rood Hall looked lovely when they went back to it in the gloaming, an Elizabethoan pile crowned with towers. The four wiags with tbeir conical roofs, the massive project ing windows, gray stone, ruddy brickwork, lattices re fleeting the sunlight, Italian terrace and blue river in the foreground, cedars and yew a at the back, all made a splendid picture of an English ancestral home. "Nice old place, isn't ii?" asked Mr. Smiibson, seeing Lesbia's admiring gaze as tbo launch neared the terrace. They two were standing in the bows apart from all the rest. "Nice ! it is simply perfect." " Oh, no, it isn't. There is ono thing-wanted jc-f." "What is that?" " A wife. You are the only person who can make any house of mine perfect. Will you V He took her hand, which she did not with draw from his grasp. He bent his head and kissed the little hand in its soft Swedish glove. "Will you, Lcsbia?" he repeated earnestly, and she answered softly, " Yes." That one brief syllable was more like a sigh than a spoken word, and it seemed to her as if in the utterance of that word tho three thousand pounds had been paid. 