THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. BY F. W. BOBINSON. Author of 'Grandmother's Money;' ' Coward Confidence;' 'Annia Judge, Spinster ;' ' Poor Humanity ;' ' As Long as She Lived;' 'Matde, a Stray f 'O wen, a W»if ;' ' No Church f ' Hoose of Elmore ;' ' A Woman's Ransom ;' ' For Her Sake f iPnblisbed by special arraiigenient -with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK IIL— APPROACHING THE TRUTH. Chaitek XX. — The Xight Walk. Over the grief at Farm Forlorn, caused by the passing away of Hester Brake from the carts and troubles of daily life, we can afford to draw the veil. It is enough to state that there was realeorrow in the house of mourn ing, and many weeping for the loss of her. The strange woman had never secured much love for herself ; only one had ever professed to love her, or to be grateful for her guidance, acd almost against her will she had brought discord into tne lives of those by whom she had been surrounded. She had meant all for. the best; she had despised hypocrisy, and s--.t herself to baffle it; she had been irritable, suspicious, jealous, and eccentric by turns ; but there were many in Farm Forlorn who heard of her decease with wet eyea and quivering lips. Kitty was in the dead woman's room, in consolable. ' I have lost the one friend I ever had,' she cried ; and Mrs. Chadderton leaned over her and attempted solace vainly. ' God will send yon another friend,' said Mrs. Chadderton ; ' you must not grieve like this for her.' ' If I had only seen her at the last, if they had not sent me from her, if I might have told her she was wrong in all her thoughts of Greg,' moaned Kitty to herself ; ' if I could have seen her once more; if she had only lived another day !' Greg Dorward's thoughts were very different from these. ' If she had only died twenty-four hours earlier,' said Greg, moodily, to John Wood hatch, when the news was brought to him that Hester Brake was dead, ' it would have been so much the better.' ' For you, or her?' ' For both of us,' was the reply. ' I should have esteemed her more, and she would not have raked up a terrible story, and connected me with it in this fashion.' 'Shall we speak of it now 2' asked Wood hatch calmly. - ' Yes, surely,' was the quick reply. 'Let us get out of the house,' said the farmer ; there are too many listeners here. And time is precious to you.' Greg looked at his master, but said nothing. He was suspected then in earnest ; this was no delusion, no wild dream of a wild woman. Even John Woodbatch believed what Hester Brake had told him. And yet how often had he spoken disparagingly of her manner and ideas, setting down the trouble in his house at times, the difference between his friends, to her interference. He did not seem to think of this, or regard Hester Brake in any way, save that of one whose word was an infalli bility. They passed out of the farmhouse together ; it was dark night, with the sky sown thick with stars. John Woodhatch looked up at them for a moment, as if marvelling at their beauty, and then master and pupil were on the high road together. At a short distance from the farm there was a figure waiting for them— a shadowy, un gainly figure, who, it was evident, was ex pecting them to come that way. ' Who is this?' asked Greg, suspiciously. ''It is Reuben Fladge,' answered John Woodhatch ; he has been waiting for me.' It was on Greg's lips to ask a second question, but for some unaccountable reason he refrained. It was as well not to appear too curious, or too suspicious. Reuben Fladge slouched towards them with his head bent down, and his hands thrust to the bottoms of his pockets. The news bad reached him, too, of Miss Brake's death.( ' So she's gone, sir,' he said, when they were all three together on the high road. ' Yes, Fladge ; she is gone.' ' She was a friend to me. And,' he added, ' I'm awfully sorry. It's one good un gone ; isn't it, Mr. Woodhatch?' ' It is.' 'And the good are precious scarce,' said Fladge, quite philosophically; 'a dozen or two like me might go, and nobody the wiser or the sorrier ; but one like her is missed.' 'Yes, Fladge, the good are precious scarce,' repeated John Woodhatch, ironically, ' When's the funeral f ' The funeral ?' 'It'll be a fine on, I hope,' said Fladge. 'There should be a rare fuss over her, no, ho ! if I had any think to do with it.' ' She is not in her coffin yet,' answered the master, moodily ; 'and we are not in a hurry to think of her grave.' They walked on slowly for a few paces, side by side; Greg Dorsrard, the man under suspicion, wondering at the other two. Sud denly John Woodhatch stopped again, and Greg stopped with him; Fladge plodding slowly in advance. 'Greg,' said Woodhatch, 'you say it is all false, and you have been wrongfully accused?' 'I do.' They went on again. When they had overtaken Fladge, John Woodhatch said to him — 'Do you remember my instructions?' ' Every word on 'em, master ; to be sure.' 'Then go.' Reuben Fladge touched his cap, and with long, uncouth strides went away down the road, and was quickly lost in the darkness. The tramp of his rapidly receding footsteps was heard for a few mements after heiiad disappeared, and it seemed to Greg's quick ears that he was running. Greg Dorward did not ask for an explana tion of this movement, and affected not to be interested by it, or to connect it with the charge of murder which had been made against him. He felt it was all part of the new and lurid light in which he stood, how ever ; that in some way or other a chance had been offered him, and he had let it pass, as a chance of atonement, or confession, might have been offered to a guilty man. John Woodhatch explained for himself that this was so ; and yet his explanation was more of a mystery than ever. 'I can trust Fladge,' he said; 'and strange it is that poor silly fellow is the only one on whom I can rely— on whom we both can rely,' he added. ' Why should I rely on him ?' asked Greg ; in what way does he affect me?' ' Not at all, I hope. Yonr being innocent makes all things clear and straight. Your being innocent,' he continued — 'why, there can possibly come no harm of this. Other wise- — ?' 'Otherwise,' repeated Greg, ia a low voice. ' Otherwise it may be — destruction 1' Greg did not reply. The mysterious nature of the forces opposing him, working against him, was beyond his power to fathom yet ; and he could not confront that which, at pre sent, was concealed from him. He was at war with the dead; not with the living, and he could not confront them. The old man, Spikins, in the churchyard, the woman, still and cold at Farm Forlorn, were the enemies of his peace, and he knew not what they had said in their lifetimes, or why John Wood hatch should put his trust in them, and keep it from himself. He had not long to speculate on this. ' We will walk by the sea, Greg,' said Woodhatch ; ' there ?will be no one to marvel at us there. And then, I can explain.7' ' ' 1 am quite ready, sir.' But there was John Woodhatch to mars-el at Greg Dorward's coolness — his imperturba bility. Nothing shook the nerves of the young man, who was prepared for any reve lation. Surely this was conscious innocence, thought Woodhatch, and all was not deceit and bravado after all. They struck off from the high road by the shady path well known to both of them, as a short cut to the sea. They did not exchange another word till the dark sands were beneath their feet, and the wind was moaning across the sea at them ; where, in the distanoe, the restless, white crested waves seemed rising up, like ghost?, to look at them, and wonder what their errand was at that hour. They miftht be speaking in hoarse murmurs of them, too, and passing the news on, mile by mile, along the ehore, and dashiog with it against the Yorkshire rocks some twenty miles away ! They turned in the direction of Skegs Shore, where the village was where Morris Brake was murdered, and the grey stone church where Greg was to have been married, and the silent churchyard, where the man struck from life lay. sleeping ' unavenged' ? as Hester Brake considered it— where Lacy hai lived, whom these two men both had loved and loved strangely considering her past and their own, ' This way,' said Greg. ' Would it not be better to take the coa«t towards Bleath irp.- ', No one would meet as in that direction.' 'Does it matter?' 'KotatalL' truth will meet us presentlj .;) replied the farmer. _._ CHAPTER XXL-THECKKH. Sidc ** 5?de» S?* 'lently for awhile went down upon them. All was v«ry desolate and dark, only those familiar wfthttS w Btrttchof »nd could hi£ ffl SSr^ upon xt, or been at aU; ,? ewe Si^eT To? ! higher sandy ridges which at day time marked the line of coast was completely lost in the blackness of the night, ' and only the breaking of the waves anon the shore denoted where the sea was. All was one long, wide stretch of desolation, which grew blacker and denser as they advanced, and presently submerged them. Here they could speak without fear of lis teners. Here hardly a Lincolnshire man would trust himself on such a night as this ; smuggling had gone out of fashion, and the wind came with icy coldness across the water, and moaned piteously after sundown, as though the night was scaring it. ' There isn't a great deal to tell you, Greg, and you may answer or not, as it seems better for yon,' commenced John Woodhatch ; 'to me it is at present, so like truth, it would be, if false, a lie so unnecessary and base, that I am daunted for the first time in my life. And -ireg, I am verily afraid for you, as for a son whom 1 have loved — whom for his good fight upwards I have honored until now.' Greg's lips moved twice before he could reply, but it was too dark to see this. Then the answer came in six short words. ' I thank you for that honor,' rang out in such sad tremulous tones that the listener was startled. ' It was Spikins who told Miss Brake what he considered was the truth of Morris's murder. That you know already.' 'He told it for money doubtless. What would he have not done for money V asked Greg in his usual tones. ' fie was not a man whose bare word was to be trusted; all his life ha was untrust worthy, though, probably, after his fashion, faithful to me,' said Woodhatch; 'I did not look for virtues in him, knowing what he had been, and I had begun with him too late. But it is always too late with me,' he added, 'and I have not been a lucky man, whatever they may say in Lincolnshire.' ' Well, well, sir,' asked Greg, a little im patiently; 'what did Spikins toll Miss Brake?' 'That you were at Skegs Shore— down by the church — and hiding in the porch on the night when Morris was with his young wife at the parson's house. Spikins had been at the Swan all the evening, and coming out had caught a glimpse of you, and had re solved to watch you, as you were watching some one else. Is that true ;' ' That I was in the village late at night !' 'Yes.' ' It is not true,' answered Greg, 'the old man has invented this.' ' He had been watching the farm for many nights for that matter. Mrs. Chadderton had set him to watch, having misgivings that all was not fair play about us. But this night,' said John Woodhatch, ' he had left his trust and gone to the village to drink.' ' This is a drunken man's testimony, then,' said Greg very scornfully. ' Whether he was drunk or not I cannot say ; he said he was sober. You waited until the village lights were out, and then jou went on to Larcom's, where you knew Morris was. There you waited again, and then ? ' ' And then,' echoed Greg. ' And then Morris came forth, and there was a sudden and awful struggle between you, and Morris Brake was left dead upon the road.' 'It is a mad story,' said Greg in a sup pressed tone, ' why should I have wanted to kill Lucy's husband? What was he to me?' ' He had done you an injury, it may be, and you were revengful, or he had discovered you were watching him, and struck you, and in your rage you struck back and killed him. That seems the story to me. God knows if I read it aright ; I am not a far-seeing man,' he added ; ' 1 have no knowledge of human character ; I am no wiser than a child.' 'How could I have killed him?' asked Greg, ' he was a giant in strength to me.' ' You carried in your hands a steel spud, which had been missing from the night of the murder,' continued Woodhatch, 'it was mine. Mrs. Chadderton knew it was gone, and in fear of me, as though I had done it, said not a word to any living souL It was evidence which might have hanged me had it been discovered, and it was branded with my name.' 'Well?' ' You might have hidden that, more for my sake than your own, Greg Dorward. Heaven knows whether you were anxious to spare me from false evidence, or only wished to save yourself. I cannot guess your thoughts,' he continued, 'bnt you hid the weapon which took Morris's life, and your cap also, which, stained with blood, had fallen into the road way where he lay stiff and stark.' Was it fancy, or did Greg Dorward cower at this? The darkness was so thick about them both it was difficult to say. But there came no response from Greg, and it sounded as if hiB breath was short and quick, as though the pace at which they had been striding was almost too much for him. ' Shall I go on V asked Woodhatch. 'Yes,' was the reply, 'if there is more to tell.' 'There is more.' ' I listen,' responded Greg. 'That steel spud you buried, with your cap, and Spikins saw you do it, and told Miss Brake where she could find them for herself,' said Woodhatch. ' It was the new Reforma tory cap, which was lost a few days after you bad come to the farm, if you remember.' ' And I buried them, you say. Where ?' John Woodhatch took him by the arm, and pointed across the murky waste of sea-sand. ' Where that light is. Can you see it burn ing?' ' A light upon the sands ?' asked Greg. '* Yes, this way ; standing where I stand, you can see it in the distance.' Greg took his master's place and looked for himself. Yes, a light was shining a few hundred yards away, amongst the timbers of the ship which had been wrecked there many years ago, and left its skeleton as testimony of disaster. 'Who is there?' asked Greg, breathlessly. ' Reuben Fladge.' 'What is he doing ? Searching for those things?' 'Yes.' ' Does he know for what purpose ?' ' No. But I must tell him, Greg, in my defence and his ; for he, too, poor fellow, was made the scapegoat of this crime. Un less ? ' ' Uuless what V asked Greg. ' Unless you trust in me to hear the truth, and — keep your secret still,' answered John Woodbatch, sternly, 'unles& you tell me all at once.' Greg Dorward was strangely silent, and they walked on towards the light, shining now across the sands, like a beacon to guide their steps towards it. Suddenly Greg stopped and crossed his hands together— clutched them together pas sionately and looked down. ?'Yes, lean trust you, master,' he cried; ' and God help me, I killed him.' 'God help you indeed, my poor, weak, miserable Greg, with this man's death upon your conscience all these years,' said Wood hatch, solemnly. He had expected the avowal ; he had been waiting for it, but none the less it c&me; upon him with a crushiDg force — a truth, that with its weight of horror, nearly bore him down. ' Ah ! sir, I am not so bad as you may think,' cried Greg, speaking quickly and earnestly ; ' I am not so great a villain, not his murderer in cold blood, as you have fancied, although [his death is on my soul, and he haunts me night after night ; a some thing that does not rest in Skegs Shore churchyard, and will not let me be. I did follow him— I was curious ; I had been listen ing to your quarrel with him; and, when he went away, I followed almost without motive, save to know where lie was going. When he came from Mr. Larcom's house he saw me, and rushed at me for a spy ; he struck me, kicked me, shook me like a rat ; and, when he let me go, I killed him with the spud I bad brought away with me for pro tection. I did not mean to Mil him — I did not know what I was doing ; but at the first blow he dropped down dead. What could have been expected of a wretch like me, save murder? I was incorrigible from the first. You should have left me where I was, sir ; I was nt for nothing better. I was from the streets and the prison ; my father and mother were bad, and I had never known what good was.' 'Yes, jes,' said Woodhatch in reply; 'I know. Your life might have been mine ; your sin might have been mine ; you are the shadow of myself even in this ; for I would have killed your father, and even hoped I had killed him. Why should I be your judge— jour accuser ?' *' Ah ! yon were always generous,' cried Greg, ' and you — you will not say a word of this, I have repented years ago ; I have suffered. It was his death after all which made my life a different and better one. ' I will atone for this,' I said, ' until the end. of my days.'' 'Atonement comes late; and you would have kept this crime concealed, or let any poor scul suffer in your stead, so that you were jsafc,' said John Woodhatch. ?tNo, you are no hero, no penitent : onljr a coward, who has acted like a coward, through it all, Wbsrtwillyoudo?' «? I cannot sbjy' ' It is not Safe to remain here, and I would not nave you at my right hand, if it were.' ' No,' answered Greg. 'What may ooze out from this day, what may have escaped, God knows, for there are many spier, about the place. Bat I will not put a rope round the neck of one who has Snared my home, my trust. You must go— you must disappear at once ; and Lucy Brake most know the truth of this when you are safe away.' 'Yes— good God! yes,' said Greg, 'she must.' I 'To-morrow youwiii get away from here, I Ostensibly on l/a«ness. la your place I would So abroad, and by repentance, honest in ustry, try to make atonement for an awful past. Money shall not be wanticg.' 'I have some— I— I cannot take it from you.' 'We will talk of this to-morrow. Now, let me go on alone to Reuben Fladge,' he said; 'you will not care to come with me further/' 'No, sir.' 'VerywelL' John Woodhatch walked on, leaving Greg Dorward looking after him, a silent, motion less figure, on the sands, a man struck as it were into stone by the grim truth which had come to him and unmasked him. But when the master had gone a few yards, Greg was at his side again with a mad quick plunge, and a cry as of a wounded animal. He seized the master's right hand in both of Ms, and held it very tightly. ' If I see you no more — if I know you no more from this night — God bless you for your mercy, Mr. Woodbatch.' Then he relinquished his grip, and was gone. He had vanished away in the dark ness, leaving no trace John Woodhatch called tc him, but there was no reply : then he walked on again towards the old dead ship, and passed through its gaunt oaken ribs into the sand drift within, and where tho lantern light was glowing. Where was Reuben Fiadge, too, with the sand heaped high abouthim, standing knee-deep in a trench which he had dug ; and in his hands were a long steel spud and the fragments of a boy's blue cap. ' Here they be, sir,' he said, as John Woodhatch came towards him.' Chapiek XXII. — The Return to xhk Fakm. It was a, weird scene, worthy of a painter's pencil in that hour ; the rugged, uncouth man with the red light upon his face, stoop ing and examining the things he had un earthed, and holding them close to the old lanthorn for that purpose ; the tall figure of the farmer keenly watching him ; the gaunt ribs of the wreck rising above them like grim, ue shapely witnesses ; the dark night closing them in, and the bright stars, like eyes of fire, looking down upon them. 'Bury them again, Fladge,' said John Woodhatcb, 'they are better where they are.' Fladge looked up surprised and discom fited. 'Why, what was the use ? ' ' Put them back,' said Woodhatch, gruffly, ' I was curious to know they were there, that was alL' ' It's your spade,' cried Fladge, ' with the name burnt into the handle — I recollect ? ' ' Recollect nothing, and say nothing,' in terrupted Woodhatch, sternly. 'Where's Greg?' asked Fladge, as if even his slow comprehension had connected his task with that of the young man whom he had seen last with the master. 'Gone back.' 'Oh.' Fladge asked no more questions ; he was content to do the farmer's bidding, to betray no further curiosity, to forget even the task which*ad been set him, if he could. John Woodhatch watched him as he shovelled back the sand into its place, and when the task was finished, it was only Reuben Fladge's half whoop of exultation that aroused him from the train of thought into which he had fallen. He had been wondering how it would end, and what would become of Greg Dorward ? What he should do with him, and in what way he could be of service to him, bad as Greg was, desperately as he had struggled to keep his secret from him, and proclaim him self above reproach. What was to be done with this new and awful failure— this young fellow with the hangman's rope about his neck and the sin of murder on his soul? He, John Woodhatch could not betray him— would not betray him ; he had shared his home with Greg, he had plotted and planned for his advancement, he had placed implicit trust in him, and it was not the hand of the master which should shut every ray of light away. He had had such thoughts as these when he had told Hester Brake he was not the avenger of her brother's death, when the thought had come awfully close to him that Greg had struck that brother down. Of late days he had loved this Greg Dorward like a son ; there were traits of character in Greg which had won upon him strangely, and the youth's aptitude in learning, his energy for work, his respect for him, his love of a son for' him almost, had all drawn a lonely man's heart strings more closely round him than John Woodhatch had guessed until this terrible discovery. He did not think of Morris Brake deeply, or of the justice which should stand first before all thought of ethers. It was himself, in Greg's place, which he sketched in lurid colors ; and it was Greg's safety which, in his heart he was considering. He could make allowance for the wild, desperate nature of the boy whom he had tried to save ; he had brought him down to Lincolnshire marked ' dangerous ;' he had received him from Fret well's hands with many a warning of the risk he ran, and this was the awful yet natural outcome of it. This was the very end of it, be thought 'Are you ready, Fladge?' he asked, 'we will go hope together, if you are.' 'All right, master,' answered Fladge, ' and where did you say was Master Greg?' ' Gone back.' 'Ah?— yes.:- John Woodhatch and Fladge went their way over the sands, but at a slower pace than Greg and the master had adopted in eoming to the village of Skeg's Shore. There were leaden weights to the farmer's feet now, and he lingered by the way. He wanted time to think, and this great dark space to think in ; there was so much to prepare and be fore armed against, and his ideas would not fall into marching order as they were wont to do. Yes, his chief thought was how to save Greg Dorward from the consequences of his crime ; not how to briDg a murderer to justice. Wrong in the sight of Heaven, very likely, he thought, with his hands clenched and his brow knit in his agony of meditation, but he must save the lad, at any risk. Let him have one more chance, if possible, and away from Farm For lorn. Greg had striven hard, and by much duplicity, to conceal his crime ; but the stake he had played for was his life, and John Woodhatch would not condemn him without mercy. Let others do that, not he. He was neither judge ncr executioner. He passed into the farmhouse with the same perplexed expression on his face, and those within thought it was the death of Hester Brake which had cast so deep a shadow on him. They could not guess he had almost forgotten that night she was dead— that she had ever lived — in the trouble which her dyirjg words had brought to him. Lucy was sitting at the table listening to her father's reading from the Bibje, and Parson Larcom was reading very intently and in a loud voice. In the background stood Airs. Chadderton, hardly an attentive listener, and fidgeting with the keys hanging at her waist. Ml Larcom had sent for her as an especial mark of his favor on a solemn and memorable occasion, and also for Kitty, who, however, had not put in an appearance, but bad sent down a hasty message that she was ill and could not come. John Woodhatch entered brusquely, and with but scant measure of respect for Mr. Larconvs Bible-reading, he said— 'Where's Greg?'' Mrs. Chadderton answered for the as sembled company, and just as the preacher had begun another verse. 'He has not been seen since he left the house with you, sir. But he may have gone to his room.' ' Very likely. Seed some one to see.:- 'Yes, sir.' The housekeeper not unwillingly withdrew, and Mr. Larcom closed bis Bible with a bang. ' I'm thinking' ye might have waited, John, till I had feenibhed.' 'There is no guessing when you are going to finish, Alec,' said Woodhatch, 'but go OD.' 'Net with people tramping in and out, and sending messages, and nobody paying the least attention to the blessed Garspel — why should I waste my breath ?' said Mr. Larcom. 'Ah ! — yes— exactly,' replied John Wood Latch absently, then he crossed his arms and fell into a fresh train of thought until Mrs, Cbadderton returned. ' Mr. Dorward has not come back, sir,' she announced. 'He is busy, I know. He has much to do,' said John Woodhatch, 'what time is it?' 'Ten o'clock,' was the reply. ' Ah ! yes— quite early. Snould he return before you lock up for the night, Mrs. Chadderton, tell him I am sitting in this room. Waiting for him,' he added. 'Yes. sir.' Mrs. Chadderton withdrew once more, and Mr. Larcom began quietly to till his long clay pipe, and to stare meanwhile at his host, ' Are yc going to sit up, John :' he asked. ' A little later than usual, perhaps,' was the reply. ' Ah ! I'll keep yc company, then.' ' 1 dor-*t require any company. I fancj I sia. cest alone to-night,'' he answered. Alec Larcom did not take the hint, if it were a hint, that was conveyed in this absent fashion. He lighted his pipe carefully, puffed -out the smoke, and regarded John Woodhatch with keen scrutiny. Lucy had already risen, seeing more clearly that the farmer wished to be alone. ' I am going up to Kitty. If I should not return again, good-night, John,' she said. ' Good-night, Lucy.' ' You must not grieve too much for your loss,' »he said, as she shook hands wich him. ' I am not grieving,' he replied. ' I don't know, Lucy, if I am not envying her ; she ia past all care and disappointments,' ' Yes,' answered Lucy, ' that is true.' She kissed her father and went away, and Parson Larcom drew a chair to the hearthrug! sat dowD, and faced his friend. ' It's cold enough for a fire to-night,' he said. 'I am warm. And it's late,' was the reply. ?' Oh ! I don't want a fire, John. I was only thinking it was cold for the end of August,' he remarked ; 'but then these are cold, sad times for all of us.' ' Yes, that's true.' John Woodhatch did not speak further for a considerable period ; would not have spoken again, perhaps, had not his friend onse.more attracted his attention. ' Ye take this to heart too Imuch, John, as je take everything, for that matter. That's ye'er failing,' said Mr. Larcom; ' and, after all, as yc imply, she's better off. It was a warld cf much pain and many tiresome fancies to her, poor souL' 'Yes.' 11 And I'm thinking, John, we should be a tri fl e warmer with a little whaskey.' ' ' It shall be sent up to your room. Alec.' 1 '' Ay, when I go then. It wouldn't be quite friendly leaving you here all alone,' observed the parson. ' I shall be glad to be alone to-night,' was Ifcc frank admission ; 'I am no fit company f ci- any living souL' ' Is there not the will to read ?'' said Mr. Lan om, after a preliminary cough, ' What will ?' '1 ' 'i i m ' Miss Brake's, to be sure.ll Why, it's terribly dazed se seem, John I'^replied tae Methodist. ' Let the will rest. I am not curious about it.' ' Ay, but I am,' exclaimed Mrc Larcom, ' being related to her by marriage, as it were ; and being doobtful if its a sensecble or Christian-like document, John, knowing how eccentric a body she was.'rt , - .« i M *j i u - '* ' No matter what she was,' muttered the farmer. * f-«» '~ *s* { .-, ?'?'_'-, ?? ?? H ,-,. , .,; 'Ye don't think of looking at the will to night, then ?' 'No.' « s- ' t-' ? .r'''^ 'There may be notions in it as to her funeral,' suggested Mr. Larcom ; ' it's a fiolish custom to defer opening people's wills, and so burying folk sometimes cleau contrary to instructions. Haven't ye known that more than once, Jchn, to occur ?' ' Her instructions as to her funeral I took down this day in writing, and at her re quest,' said -£ Woodbatch ; 'they are very simple. And after the funeral her will is to be read, she adds.' ' Grawcious ! and why couldn't ye say as much before, instead of keeping me out of my lawful rest?' exclaimed Mr. Larcom. '1*11 bid ye a good night, John.' 'Good night,' was the deep- voiced re sponse. '? It's been an uncomfortable day for us all ; but it's the common lot, yc know as well as most men.' 'Yes.' 'And why ye should be so desperately upset about it, I don't see, unless something else has happened,' he said shrewdly. 'Good-night, -old Alec,' replied John Woodhatch ; ' don't trouble yourself about me in any way. Every man has his dark hour — the hour when he is better^by himself. 'Ay— yes.' And then Mr. Larcom departed, and was heard the instant afterwerds in the corridor giving elaborate instructions about his whisky before he went upstairs to his room. John Woodhatch listened to Mr. Larcom's distant voice and his receding footsteps on the old brass- bound stairs, as if to make sure the Methodist was departing for the night ; and, when all was still, he took from his pockets the papers which he had been writing out that day, and looked them over carefully. Mi's. Chadderton came in, retired again after his steady stare towards her, closed the door sharply behind her, re-opened it, and returned swiftly to his side. ' Greg has not come back,' she said. ' I know it. He would have been with me else. When he——'. ' He will never return, sir.'! ^T^* 'Ha! Who says that? What makes you think that ?'&*~~ -R«'t^S ? - ?.??-ii ' He has written a line to Kitty,' she re plied; 'she will come to you presently, if ycu will wait for her— when the house is stilL Console her, sir, if you can ; pray do.'i And then Mrs. Chadderton vanished away again... Chapter XXIII.— Whek the^Hou^e was __ Still. ^ John Woodhatch waited very patiently for the arrival of Kitty Yanch.:&He; sat almost like a statue in his chair, looking far ahead of him at the possibilities of life, tracing on the down-hill road the figure of the boy, whom he had seen first at Fretwell's, coming from the darkness to the light. And now from light to darkness back again ! The master of Farm Forlorn did not adopt his old habit of pacing the full limits of the room ; he had not the energy of thought that night to keep him moving; he was as one very weary, even utterly disheartened. The house was still, but Kitty Vanch was long in coming to him. It was still as the grave within — as the dead woman above stairs ; enly the far off moaning of the wind across the sea and fen- land was heard beyond the f&rm;, like a wail over the lost cause, the last failure of the [man who had tried to do too much. He sat with some papers in his hands still'; those relating strictly to the affairs of Hester Brake he bad thrust into his pocket ; those relating to Greg Dorward, to Hester Brake's written history of how she had tracked the crime cut, were still within his hands, clutched tightly, as if in fear of losing them. He had read them over and over again ; he had committed them to memory against his will, but the facts were corrosive and burned themselves in ; he should never forget them, and he did not care for any one else to hear of them, much less remember th.|Bj treeently the door opened noiselessly.'and Kitty Vanch crept in, looking more like a ghost than Kitty Vanch; so white and solemn a face was [it in that hour of their meetirg,jT- « j£_._ej , ??-???? '.,. fmwrfTI ' Weil, Kitty,' he said, inValmost his old toEcs, 'what has kept you'up so late to night? And why are you anxious to see nie?'VCv* K!i« °~ ilLV&^l 'c«^ ' Oh ! you know, j sir.' answered Kitty at once, 'you know too well.' 'What do I know V He was on his guard to the last. It might be that Kitty knew not anything of what had actually ^happened, and Aireg nad told her nothing'!.which could account truly for his departure. It would be like Greg— it would be wise. 'You know Greg has gone away,' he exclaimed, dropping into'jtne chair facing him, and looking as tired and weary as him self, '? and that it^is for ever.' ' He has not come back— but I have been expecting him, J ?? You have?' she asked, regarding him ir.« credulously. ? ? ? ?? ..?; i * . 'Yes.' '?-*?*?-:??::?:' 'Read that.'' ' She opened ner hand in which had been crumpled a scrap of paper, and John Wood batch took it from her, smoothed it outjand read these hastily-scrawled pencil lines:— 'Skegs Shore Railway Station. 'August 27, 1S- ' I am leaving for London at once. The master will tell you all. Good bye.' There was no signature, and it was not addressed to Kitty Vanch, but it was in Greg's handwriting unmistakably. ' How did you get this ?' ' I found it on the dressing-table of my room,' said Kitty, ' Greg had climbed up from the outside, I think, and put it there.' ' Very likely,' answered John Woodhatch, returniDg it to her. ' You are not surprised,' said Kitty. '; No. I am not surprised,' was the reply. ' I thought he would go away— if not to niebt.' ' And— why ?' asked Kitty. ' It is important he should go to LondODa Business— Kitty leaned forward and laid her hand upon his arm. *? I Hill-vnot deceive you, sir, and I don't want you try and deceive me.' I know every ? thing.' ' What do you know, my poor Kitty '-' asked John Woodhatch. To the last he would not betray this poor shred of a secret which was left. He seemed to hold to it jealousy, as though it was his own— as though his interest in screening a criminal from justice was far greater than his doctrine of atonement. He would acknowledge nothing, q0 nothing, for Gteig Dorward's sake. He had been proud of Greg till this ho«a, ' I know Miss Brake charged him with the murder of her fczother. And you wrote down all she said tuis afternoon,' said Kitty. ' Dp \fja think it is true ?' 'Yee?: answered Kitty, 'Greg does not ceny it.' ' And I was to tell you all, he said?' ' Yes,' repeated Kitty once more, 'if you wilL See, I am quite prepared. Very strong, sir, to hear any bid news— and to meet any bad news.' ' It has been a terrible day— and it closes terribly,' said John Woodhatch, 'but to you, girl, it should be a bright beginning.' ' Why V' cried Kitty, with her eyes ablaze now. 'Ihis is an escape for you,' was the answer, ' he might have been your husband, and the truth might have corns years hence, when jou could not get from it.' 'Oh, if it had been,' exclaimed Kitty, 'then I should have been with him— Bharod hiB trials — fought his battles — kept him strong. If it had only happened later on even, at any coat to me.' ?'You were fend of him, then?' enquired Woodhatch, 'you did not leave him because jca had forgotten how to love him ?' ' He is everything to me then,' said Kitty, 'he is everything now.' 'He is the murderer of Morrig Brake,' came the solemn answer back. 'God forgive him — yes, that may be,' cried Kitty, ' but it must nave been in self defence, after some insult, or blow. It was not murder, I am sure.' This was the echo of Greg's own hurried explanation of the crime, told on the dark sands with the stars for witnesses, thought John Woodhatch. And it was so very near the truth. ' Still, he killed Morris,' said the farmer thoughtfully, ' and the law will not forgive him.' ' It was five years ago, when he was only a lad— a wild, desperate boy, who had seen you for a day or two, not longer, and was afraid of you,' she cried. ' He never had his chance, sir; the evil met him here at once, and mastered him— he was always passionate and violent and mad — he would only listen to me —he had never known what good was, what God was, and at the Reformatory he had only met with hard masters and hard words. He had no chance — ho never had a chance until it was too late. Don't think too cruelly of him, Mr. Woodhatch— for God's sake don't turn against him now and set them all in - search of him. Think what you were your self — what might have become of you ! Don't hang this poor siuner, who has shared your bome^foi life— don't think of the law; Think how he loved you and looked up to you as his rccdcl always. And he did, he did, he did !' She was kneeling at his foot now ; it was with difficulty that he roused her from her suppliant posture. ' My poor Kitty, I do not need your inter cession for him. I shall not stir one step in this,' he said. 'The Hands of Justice I might try to drag him from— never to put him into.' ' God bless you,' murmured Kitty. ' It is not justice,' he added, ' but then I am cot a just man. She should have told Alec Larcom had she wanted justice !' 'Did she wish him hanged, sir?' asked Kitty, in a terrified whisper. 'No. She left it to me to act. She had for gotten what I had been in my time, or what Greg Dorward had become to me. And I act thus, Kitty.' He walked to the lamp, and held the papers over the name, Kitty watching, with her hands pressed upon her heart. 'That is the story— of it all?' she gasped forth. ' Yce — and thus it ends,' he said. Together they watched the papers consume and shrivel away to scraps of tinder, which fell upon the table-cover, and the fire of which left in them here and there, was ex tinguished by the broad, hard hand of the master. Kitty stole to the door and looked out, listened, and came back again. ' Thank God,' she exclaimed, when John Woodhatch had completed his task 'And now' — be said, 'what next?' 'Ah ! what next. We must wait till we hear from him again, as I am sure we shall,' said Kitty. 'As I am sure we shall not,' answered Woodhatch, 'and as it is best we should not.' ' I pray we may— and soon,' cried Kitty. 'No— no. He must pass away now from your life as from mine,' said John Wood hatch. ' He has deceived us all— an i there's an end of him.' 'No— no.' ' We have spared him, but he is unworthy Of us. He belongs not to us ever again. Try and think that,' said Mr. Woodhatch. ' He belongs to me to the end. sir,' mur mured Kitty. She stooped and kissed his hand, as if in gratitude and reverence, and then went silently from the room. John Woodhatch did not follow her. He sat down in his old place, and thought it all over once more. (To be continued.) 