ECHOES OP MELBOURNB , ??? ;.-?? ; ?. !J. , (By Thb-Ghost.)^,- ...,. r ;? The ;long continued' dripping fof ;wator will; it is! alleged, .wear the hardest stone. The truih of the statement has perhaps, never been tested by actual experiment, few persons having either tho ftinie or: patience f to undertake , the |talsk.' ? But if .' the law that analagous causes produce analogous effects is admitted, the oft re peated assertion may be allowed to pass unchallenged. For even the hard heads of the members of the Victorian Assembly, have been, influenced by the continual shower of, objurgation poured upon them by the Press; and work has replaced talk in the principal legislative . chamber of the colony. -Despite the obstructive 'tacticsof the:' larrikin' and 'bore' element, sub stantial' progress has been made with the Land Bill,, and the results of the divisions that hare taken place plainly show that any, opposition to its leaSingprinciples is futile. Never, perhaps, has any political /'-fad' been so utterly 'squelched' as' has b'ee'n Mr. Mirams's pet theory of leasing all Crown1 lands and turning, the farmers . into State tenants. Fourteen members were all that followed tho representative 'of Colling wood (an'd hie umbrella) 'as' he '? walked across the floor of the Assembly to let the' country know ' who were itB true' friends I Until Tuesday the Assembly was open to the i taunt' of not having passed a single measure excepting the Supply Bill7with out' which there wbuld; --have ' be'en ' no monthly cheques. Tho charge can now no longer be, made. The Cuatoms Duties Bill, and' the Distillation Act Amending BUI, were on Wednesday pushed through their final Btages; and Bent'to the Council, and two private -bills— the Church of England ;Bill, and th'i^TramwaysBill— reada second; time and sent to seleot.committees.- The greatest stride in' advance waft, h'owever, made in regard' to the Scots Church Bill. Mr. Harper concluded the dreary oration which it has taten him three' nights to deliver, and Mr. Gaunson finished his speech oh 'the' question. As the debate can only' be brought on on seven more evenings prior to the1 adjournment of the1 House in December, the chances of the measure-reaching its final stage, even in the Assembly, are extremely, remote,, and the 'Stonewall Presbyterians' can already congratulate' themselves oh having achieved a victory. ? The Council also has shown a disposition to forward the business1 of vtho country!. 'It' has- disposed of the Mining on Private Property Bill, and expressed approval, of the principle of amalgamating .the jtwo branches of the legal, profession, deBpite the barristers in the Legislature, who' are' anxibiis not to allow the ' lower Hmbs1.' of 'the law 'to commit the anomaly of disport-'; ing themselves in wigs. ' - ':.'.'? : ,' Theretvirii ball to ttie Hay or. of 'Mel bourne took place on Thursday,'.and as a matter of course was ''Brilliantly and fashionably attended.' All the elite of Victorian society . were' present. There were baronets' and knights/ and no orie of lower degree than 'esquire' was admitted. In this latter .connection it'/inay lie por mitted to' ask what qualifica|tion is neces sary, in order to the assumption of: the designation. ' looking over the list- com mencing with Adam— as is fitting— and ending with Zpx, M.L, A., it will be ob served that it' includes,, publicans, livery stable keepers,' broom-makers,- saddlers, drapers, soft-goods brokers, auctioneers, and' a large number of respectable citizens. But it would , certainly puzzle Burke, Debrett, and the Herald's College itself, to discover by what right— divine' or other — the affix1 is appended to their names. Of course if; it pleases them and hurts. nobody,no one has a right to complain. But it may just as well be pointed out— quite in a friendly way— that the 'esquires' might with a quite equal right dub them selves ' lords.' -. -: , It has been remarked by an astute statesman that 'aopolitical blunder .is ?worse than a crime.' Dr. Beaney is likely to realise the truth of the statement. When the 'Mining on Private Property Bill was under consideration in the Coun cil, the honourable gentleman voted in favour of allowing the present arrange? mentb between the landowner and the miner to be in force for fourteen years,' in stead of terminating 'after a .period of eevon. This vote has given dire offence to the electors of ' the'Nbrth- Tarra: province, and tho 'Liberal' party have brought out Mr. James Munro, the . champion of tho teetotalers, to oppose the sitting 'member's return. As the publicans and tho sinners — against democracy^— will 'all be arrayed against the water-drinking apostle, the contest is likely to be a close one. And as with the Doctor 'money is no object,' he may perhaps succeed; notwithstanding the .outcry of his opponents. But the unfor tunate will entail' ai' contested election and ' an expenditure of some^tw'o or three thou sand pounds. . - ? ' ' The inauguration, of the teaching; of morals in the State schools of Victoria has not taken place without its little contre temps. HackwoooVs book on moral sub jects is the volume whence teachers of manners and morality are to draw their inspiration, and the author on the fly- leaf vof the' work expresses the hope, that; the instructors of . our rising generation will illustrate their remarks' with illustrations drawn from Biblical and \Sqriptural history. This recommendation ; . offends the tender .; susceptibilities of / secu larists and Roman: CatholicSr- ; alike, and 'Mr. Gillie's, .the Minister pf;;.Edu 'cation; who is. in his wgjy ,'as great an adfept '.at 'giving, way', as' his- chief; has: ordered, tho'objectibna^lo . adyice.;tb be ?withdrawn'. 1 A1 'story, 'too,1 of 'tKe want of; the ?virtue whioh;the proverb places next to. godliness, . arid in which ^the firish' peasant ib holdup: as' the. shocking example,' has also been ordered to be expunged, at the request of .Mr. Hunt; the' .honourable member for Kilmorej who'assorts that unthrift and dirt tirafixbt speoial Irish characteristics, and that the cleanly habits of-. his countrymen are at least on a par with their loyalty. Although it is sometimes mentioned and of ten.heard about — unlike tho lady , in tho song whoso nauie was never mentioned or heard— tho small-pox is dying out. No new cases have been reported during the past week, and all the patients in durance vile at the Williamstown sanatorium are convalescent, and will be released from quarantine in a fow days. Up to the presont time the origin ot the outbreak of the disease in Victoria has not been satis factorily, traced, and therefore in all pro bability will remain for ever an unsolved mystery. Perhaps when our savants have satisfactorily settled the question of the duration of life in the baccilli, and the powers of resistance to heat and cold of the disease germs, we shall find out that small-pox is imported in tho numerous packages which under the head of 'ap- parel and slops' are brought across the seas from England. The discovery Svould indeed' be a sovero blow to freetraders, and the very apothesis of protection. ? While the ' Parvenu' is 'being actedi in one 'of our metropolitan theatres, the apropos of an : adven ture- which befel a diner-out lafet! week will be apparent. Driving up in a hansom to tho abode. of his host, he knocked at the door; which' was -duly opened byfai foot man in the 'family livery.'-. Not - quite certain whether his Amphytribn 'resided in the mansion , into which he. had been ushered, ho enquired of one of the liveried servants ' if :Mr. Black lived there '{' The man ' looked puzzled for' a moment, and then asked one of his fellows, wh» was: equally1 unable to reply.' :;' The fact is,' said he, ' I'm only hired for the » day, and Tfix. .? — '— ,? the caterer, who furnished the dinner, merely' told me the ?number of the house without giving me the name of tho gentleman who lives hero.' ? September' 6. 