? MAKIUKD MKX. DIDDIN. • March issue of the Peoplc'i Jisndee paper, which now cirenlatimt o? i.">2,001)1, J find, ther Interesting items of news, that 4-. the member for SnnA»J«irf, has <:-0iij-.i9 b'AeiiirSo i» linnA. A little age, there was i xrreok on the jtof Sumatra, and some native chief in i-sptivily the crew of the vessel. i> wanted £ 10.000 ransom, hui is very iad to the mcri. A part oi his kind- is lo grant. them an allowance of •its wives a-pioeo. As soon as the inter- TOtiug fa-t was known, the tttA vrivea oi the icc-w, chiefly liviug iu the neighborhood of ••andsTiasitl, became, naturally enough, jroatly excited. They are moving hc.svm 111(1 earth, and especially they arc moving itr Storey, for nil expedition lo lia sent out Mr the "reseno and retirement" of their 3U=1;3,p-.ls. And it it ttM. impvoh&Me; that, 111ut Tobnr sorms to have surrendered, i iii><v agitation may hi started iu the iaterwt, .*,: fin? injured a>nl indignant wive* who are, s5 the paper states, "our own flesh and Wood, which the Roudau garrisons erf- not." This ia tr.dy ft very various case for the hit- ^cinl Parliament to have to deal witl\ ai>d Many very del'iitablf points aro apt to arise in iti discussion. It trill be iiw-ly admitted tlist t.!ie wi'-.'S have a certaiu amount of right to demand the release of their V.nabanrts; t«t viitii »he question v,IH uaturaiiy «-iBe *iietlier tho husbands want to tie released bin] thiin five up. five wives foronn. It may be that inaijy 0 these married men, us they rcOT.ll the pant, say to t.Vierneelve, v.itli the port—• <7OB»B are born, so fate (lactates, •i'o smooth our linen sail our cares; JtBiJ, 'lis but just, though by our troth. They're very apt to rullle both. Tatbesamen, with their experience of Eng- Had r.s it now Is for the working man, tbey jrjjy think that a pomi-harbaroui lif,» in Sumatra, with ill the needs of iife amply ncpiejal partners in Sunderls^d, ruaaon— Dear Is tbe memoiy of out wedded iivea. And dear tbe last embraoe.s of our vriveti And their warm tears; but all hsth suffered rii&ngo;, for surely now our household hearths are cold- War eons inherit us, our loots are •trAr.oe, ' And we should come lite ghosts Uv trouble j ay. All things considered, tbe lot of these Epoch Ardens does not seem to be as nnhappv it might have been, Sumatra is n. land overflowing with milk and honer. and the chieftain seems a good sisrt of'Ciiristian in his way, though ho seems to have a hankering after other people's money. He has evidently taken the hest means in hie powsr to prevent the mariners from feeling lonely in their captivity, by supplying them with five •wives each. I hold that his intention wa< nind, but there are others who mav look on that particular action as a piece of refined cruelty. Krilof, the Russian fabulist, tells BS of a man who married three wives, which crime so horrified tlio king when he heard of it, that he called the jndges together, and vrd>Tcd them to .lovise {on pain of death to tnomsolvee) a punishment which would deter ntners .rom ever committing the same eon** mity. The terrified magistrates knew from ci.pcriencc how atXcriy useless the severest punishments iu vogue were iu hindering orunc. mid they were at their wits'end, when a happy inspiration struck one of them, "Make Jho wretch live with his three wives in one The judge; felt that they were saved, The man was ecnte.nced to live with the three women, and in the na'-ursl i-curso of thinsr, ho hanged himself In three days. But I do not think that this Sumatran chief married these mariners of gave them five wives each, so as to give each nian a ohsnce ot getting a good one cat of toiteh, and^if thcy did not succeed it larder, and no doubt geueronsly 'allowed them to draw on his cellar; therefore, if he does claim £10,000 he reallv Las a very decant hill Qf-ttemctoiihow, especially when tee take into oonsldcratidti the number of wives supplied to eaob man. 