I ^EltOMMdE OF A FINGER RING. A BTORY FOUNDED ON FACT. By Samuel Sthoks. Chapter I. It wu early in September, and I, Wilfred Monteith \- berrister-at-law, was looking forward to the enjoyment of a few Says' shooting on the Devonshire estate of my old and cheery friend, Sir Geoffrey Embling. More than two yean bad parsed since X had bean ??« called.' Daring that period I bad regularly gone the home circuit; bat saving one solitary brief as junior to a celebrated leader— for which I did all the hack work, while the great gun got all the credit no practice had fallen to my lot Therefore, even supposing ifrere not vacation-time, there was no particular reason iray I Bhould remain in town. I had thought of my luVle's (lace in Scotland, and had almost made up m mind to go there for a hollday^when 8ir Geoffrey's invite «on arriTea. 'ibis decided, me; so I packed up my trapsj locked my chambers, left the key with a chum who lived on the same floor, and started forthwith for Beechwood Hal'. In due time I reached the little country station, dista t come three miles from the mansion of my friend. A natty groom was awaiting me on the platform, and we were soon ?rattling along the pretty lanes and roads which lay between the station and the hall. Sir Geoffrey met me at the door, and greeted me with a heartiness all his own. « Ah! Wilfred, my boy,' said he, shaking my hand vigorously ; ' glad to see you. Hope you've in good shoot ing form; got a houseful of people; but you've just got time to dress. William/' to a footman, ^show Mr. M oa-'. tejth his room.' 1 followed the man npstain to a room in the eastern end of the house. As I passed through the door my conduotir looked at me with a peculiar half ??cared expression oa. hia face. ? ' ' -' ? ? 1 dressed with care, and, the reflection whioh the mirror showed of a by do means bad-lookinjr joung gentleman in . evening costume being quite to my satisfaction, bent my ?tepe to the drawing-room, where there was a large com pany assembled, many of whom were strangers to me.- 1 made my salutations to lady JBmbling and her two charm log daughters; awl on the gong sounding we proceeded to the dining-room, my charge beingMiss Alice JSmbling, the younger daughter of the host. -We were old friends, aud thoroughly understood one another. „;? .. On the outer side of the table was a young lady whom I ?did not know, by whoa ewpearaace X had been struck when in the drawing-room. She was somewhat above middle height, of alight but well-moulded form, with brown hair and eyes. Though she could not be called handsome, yet she had a wonderfully attractive face. But my attention was first caught by the absent, or rather distant, look which from time to time came over her countenance. At such -times she seemed to be in spirit far removed from the soeno ? in which her bodily presence was : and, if spoken to; wonld «ive a alight start as though recalled from another ezutenoe. When, however, engaged in conversation, with her faoo animattd end eyes sparkling, one could scarcely imagine 4hat the same person was speaking. I made some remarks about her to my lively companion, and inquired who she was. ?? Oh!' was the reply, '* that is Fanny Berrlnger— an odd girl.' . « I rather like her face,' Wd I. ' Will you introduoe me by-and-by T' ' ? ? ' Certainly; bnt don't go falling in love with her ; the has admirers enough already.' «? There's not much fear of that,' I laughed, ' while I'm in certain company.' 'Don^ be sarcastic, dr.' ..„._?. . . *( Well, tell me something about' Miss Berringer; u she clever, romantic; where does she come from? She certainly has a lemarkable face.*' ' Mr. Monteith,' said Miss Enabling, with mock severity, *'I never talk ? private tuid confidential' at the dinner table. Besides, you know, I am a country girl, and possess .an appetite; very bad form, no doubt; and I generally look upon this as a time for appeasing it' This was a facer: andafter such a rebuke I was compelled to curb my impatience ; so we betook ourselves to mere commonplaces while dinner was in progress. Still, I oould not help looking at Mies Berrtcger's face. Indeed, my gaze at times became so intenaa that Miss Embling told me 'not to stare so.' The fair object of my attentiocs, however, was not in the least disturbed by the steadfastness of my looks; X question if she observed me. The gentleman to whose care she was confided evidently thought more of- his dinner than of his interesting charge,; his was also a ' country appetite,' and he did not trouble Ids neighbour with much conversation or attention. Just before the ladies retired, Miss Berringer was apparently looking with much earnestness at the counterfeit presentment of a former Enabling on the wall opposite to her. It was evident, from the dreamy, far- away look in her eyes, that she saw not the picture, neither did she take any note of the company, nor of the commotion going on around her. The stir made by the ladies in rising recalled her ?from her reverie ; starting slightly, she rose, and quite self possessed passed with die others out .of the room.. My eyes followed her to the door, and marked the ease and grace with which she moved. We gentlemen did not remain long over our. wine, and coon rejoined the ladies in the drawing-room. I sought out Miss Alice Embling, and reminded her of the promised introduction. . 11 Now,' said the, 'remember also your promise to me, «nd d- n't bore the poor girl with too much ardent admira tion j ehegetB enough of that as it is.' M Is she so popular, then?' ??fihe'a very 'taxing;' yon'U say so when you know her.' ' You seem very anxious that I shall not be caught un awares.' Isaid. J* Well,' was the answer, 'yon seem so desperately ?mitten that X thought a little caution might be of aerrfce.' 'Thank you very muoh.' , «' You're quite welcome.' I always enjoyed the lively badinage of Miss Alice, not withstanding the sarcastic mood in which I so often found her. We seemed to find one another's ooinpany congenial, for we generally contrived to get together whenever we were in the same. ne'ghbourhood— not that we had any feeling ?stronger than that of old friendship. An opportunity arriving, I was duly introduced. Miss Berringer bowed quietly; and, seeing a chair by her aide vacant, I at once appropriated it I soon found myself in charming company. Wo seemed to become friends at once. Miss Berringer's face, voice, and manner fascinated me, and I was delighted with her intelli gent and sensible conversation. Indeed, so token up was I with my new acquaintance that when she was asked to sing it seemed sb if the request were made by some jealous indi vidual as much to annoy me as to hear the singer. 'Do excuse me to-night,' she said in an entreating tone, Which would have been perfectly Irresistible to me. 'Would you doom us to blank disappointment, Miss Berringer f said a conceited cavalry: captain, stroking his blonde moustache, and bending towards her with an affected. -mlr. ?-:-?. .'??..'. . '. ? ' Do sing,' ' Please sing,' 'Don't disappoint us,' cried several, crowding round her. « I'm afraid my singing this evening will not give you much pleasure/' she said; ' but if you wish it I will do my best' She rose ; and before I could move, that confounded Cap tainDelamere, wi&ataumphant; 'Allow me the pleasure,' offered his arm and led her to the piano. I could hare kicked die man; why, I don't exactly know ; but I could have kicked him— with great goodwill, too. She eang without mum, heaven be thanked, so there was co excuse for anyone to etand over her and turn the leaves— ? -&* e'sstfeewhicfeallthetten In Che rooa. myself inoladsd. were dying to perform* I don't suppose I should havehad (he chance, (hough; and so t was spared the chagrin of seeing a rival (1 had put them all down as rivals by this time) in a position which I would have given anything to fllL . But, upon my word, it was rimply disgusting to see the way in which the men hung around her while she sang. Delamere fixed himself near the end of the grand piano, and' absolutely stared at her. How ehe could sinar with that fellow opposite her! cannot divine. But she did not seem in the least affected. As soon as ehe began the eong she was away from her audience, her whole thoughts were with the music, and the listeners were as nothing to her. I have often heard Schubert's ' Ave Maria' sung, I have heard the same singer sing it many times since, but I never heard the beautiful melody given with such pathetic feeling as on that evening in Sir Geoffrey's drawing-room. As soon as the music ceased eilence reigned in the room for a few moments ; every one seemed afraid to break the spell which song and singer had thrown over them. Miss Berringer then became conscious of the scrutiny, now ardent, she was undergoing from the captain. She blushed ?lightly, left the piano, and took a rest near at hand, amid the congratulations and plaudits whioh now broke forth from the delighted listeners, who were earnest in their re guests for her to sing again. 'Mo, you must ttauy excuse me,' she sail earnestly ; ' I am in no mood for singing to sight.' ' How can you cay so, niy dear Miss Berringer,' said Sir GfoflreygallMitJyj*1 after charming us so 1*» But she did sot sing any more. My chances of further conversation with her weie gone, for during the rest of the evening ehe was literally surrounded. I confess that, as I could not regain the society of Miss Berringer, my enjoyment was spoiled. Finding myself near Alice Enabling a little later on, £ was taken to task by that obsetvant young lady; 'I've been watching. vou,' she said; 'have you for gotten my advice i' 'Really,' I replied, half annoyed, 'one would think you were jealous.' *? Jealous {' she said, somewhat scornfully— -c of what, pray, or of whom?' 'Of my admiration for your friend, and of her.' 'Admbation! So you've got to that already. As to my being jealous, don't flatter yourself.' 'You always will misunderstand me, ' I said, ignoring tee last remark. 'Because I am impressed with a lady upon ' so short an acquaintance, and express my admiration for herP must ^necessarily be accused of falling in love with her. X assure vou such a thought never entered my head ; there's not the least danger, believe me.M (I've since thought tbat perhaps 1 'protested ' a little too much here.) ** You needn't explain,' was, the laughing rejoinder. 'Don't make a martyr of yourself, please.' Shortly after this I asked Sir ^Geoffrey to excuse me, and, pleading the fatigue of my journey, expressed a wish to retire, although it was early, so that I might be in good trim for the morrow. ? , ; 'All right, Wilfred, my boy,' sa'dmy jovial friend; 'we'll excuse you. I'll show you *omo rare sport to merrow.' ? - ? I Eought my room. It was, as I nave said, at the end of the house. I had never occupied it before on any of my visits. „ It was long and narrow, with a fireplace oppo site the door, and a window on the .right-hand side, look ing out into the park. The room was not generally used as a guest-chamber ; but the house being full it had teen prepared, and as I was the last comer, and a bachelor Jo boot it fell to my lot to occupy it. It was comfortably furnished, and a cosy room enough, the chief drawback being its narrowness, on which account the bed was placed' with one side near the wall. I felt somewhat depressed; I seemed to have lost some thing; my future had suddenly become a .great blank. 'Come,' thought 1, ''I'm surely in a fit of the 'blues'— this will never do.' . I opened the window- and looked across the park, and away- beyond where spread stubble fields and meadows, the scene of to-morrow's sport The moon was rising behind a dark bank of cloud; the air was crisp and fresh. I closed the window, was soon in bed, and I fell asleep with the cadences of ' Ave Maria ' rising and falling in my ear as I hist heard them sung by— Fanny Berringer. Chaftbb lit I had been asleep for some time wleu I suddenly awoke with the feeling that aomebodjp was in the room. I strained my ears for the slightest sound, bat stillness reigned in the chamber. Moonlight was streaming in through the window, but I could see nothing. All at once, while trying to pierce, through the uncertain light, and with every faculty on the alert, I thought I observed something white against the ?mantelpiece opposite the foot of my bed. Was it fancy only? Could it be that my excited imagination had con jured up into shape a mere shadow 7&7tuu moonlight? I half rose and gazed earnestly toward the spot Yes, there was something there; I could see dlfitinotly a long white thing propped up against the mantelpiece, whatever could it be? 1 rubbed my ejes, but the operation did not aid me inunravellingthe mystery. ' It seemed too solid for a moon light shade; and yet there -»uld not have been anything ttere when I came into the room; if so I surely should have noticed it I determined that I would go and satisfy myself as to the nature of the phenomenon. For this purpose I was just about to get out of bed when, to my unspeakable horror, the 'thing' actually began to move. I stopped suddenly. X was wide awake by this time, and I distinctly saw an uncanny while shadowy form glide over the floor; towards me. I am by no means a timid man, yet I admit that a thrill of fright ran through me at this extraordinary sight. I verily believe my hair stood oh end. My tongue tried to utter a sound, but it was hot and dry in my mouth; I could cot have spoken had it been to cave my life. If the 'thing' had come straight to my bedside I am sure I should have had a fit; but fortunately it halted at the window, and I was saved fromBttcaacafa«tfophe. The stopping by the window gave me a chance of recovering a ': little from the fin t e tart; «na as the 'figure' did not seem mahunyiomove, I had time to get comparatively cool, acd to tiy and find -jwtr.wfcs&ifc; all meant . I had raiaedthe blind invrder to - ensure imf waking early ; and at ?: the 4I ghost 'iwfltjftfluigfuU In the moonlight, I could see that it was not very fifi, Jdtid ; had loag wavy hair falling over the ^olde|«^andl«^ ^Uk together with the genera] contour, l*d me fa believe that my strange vUitant was a woman. But what on earth should a woman want in my room? I was devoutly thankful that I had not cried out at first, . and I sank quietly back, keeping my eyes fixed as by fascination on the white-robed silent figure standing there in the moonbeams. - ..-?. After remaining- perfectly still for what appeared many minutes to me, the 'ghost,' heaving a deep sigh— whioh sent my heart galiqpinp— began to move again. Slowly ft turned and with a soueless gliding step cams straight for the bed. I was a little better prepared this time ; but a cold perspiration broke out over me, my teeth chatteredrsnd again I made a desperate effort to cry out But in vain, my tongue would not obey me. As the 'figure' nearadmy couch I shrank away until I was stopped by the wall, and thtre, cowering and shaking, lay -etiU, staring at the 'apparition.1' Could I have controlled myself sufficiently I should have gradually worked to the foot of my couch, and so out of out, but I seemed incapable of motion. On cance the 'ghost,' and having Rained the bed 'it' deli berately laid itself down outside the bedclothes. I had' sufficient presence of mind left to notice that the bed creaked, and this helped greatly to throw off the paroxysm of fright which had seized me. I never did believe in ghosts, and I boasted that should any so-called supernatural manifestations' come in my way I would always meet them pbilsophically. But now the first time I was put to the test, not withstanding that it flashed through my mind that the form lying by my side was altogether too substantial for any ghost, my vaunted phusophy fled, and I did not attempt to account for what I had seen. I knew this— I had received a terrible fright, I was still agitated, and I wifhed myself anywhere rather than in my present position.' I lay then quaking and waiting with anxiety for what should follow. * - ? I had not long to wait The bad again creaked as my visitor left it, and slowly passed out of the room, after hav ing stayed for a moment at the window, j It was some time before I could muster' courage to move, ] but at last I got up and went to the door of my chamber. ' It was open. I had moot certainly closed it when I came to Ltd, but I had not locked it. I remembered now that af ta I tad « tamed tt * the thowrht struck me flu* it would be as well to lock tits door. But I felt so much at home at (he Hall that I put the thought aside atonoe. If I had taken the precaution I should have probably been spared all this annoyance; for now I felt sure that I had received no 'ghostly*' visitant. I closed and locked the door, having had enough of 'ghosts' for one night As I went back to bed I trod upon something hard and cold. Stooping down I picked it up— it was a nag,- and it glittered in the moonlight My first- impulse was to strike a light and examine it for I knew it was not mine, the only article of that description which I possessed being upon my finger. However, I found that a robe de nuit is not the best of costumes in which to conduct investigations late on a September night; so placing th? jewel on my dressing-table 1 returned to bed. But I ciuld not help thinking of what I had just gone through. . The only solution £ could arrive at was that 1 had been made the victim of a practical joke. But who would do such a thing', especially in Beechwood Hall, of all places in the world? It could not be that; but no, Alice Embling would never condescend to play such a trick, upon a guest of her father's, notwithstanding that she had often rallied me upon my *? philosophical' views of ghosts and phantoms. Such an idea was quite out of the question. Then I thought of the ring. TJiateyidenUyhadsomettoj-todowithit Though I had been keenly alive to every sound in toe room, yet the carpet must have deadened the oofaemade by the ring when it felJ, as no doubt it did fall, from the bandof my -? ghost' Yes, here was a due. I would retain that piece of jewellery vatu 1 ^covered the owner, who, of course, would be the individual who had the execrable taste to play me such an abominable and horrible practical joke. Being quite satisfied of th8 correctness of my reasoning, I fait asleep again, nor did I wake until the servant knocked at my door wita the hot water. But for the sight of the ring the night's adventure would have seemed like a dream. The trinket lyiag on the table xecalled vividly 0& strange experience and set me thinking again. I examined the jewel ; it had three brilliants- one large between two small stones, and was evidently of great value. Then was nothing peculiar about it, nothing by which it could be identified. The setting was modem, and it was juingr that you might find on the finger of any person posKBKd^ia good income* I turned it over aad over, try ing to discover seme mark or initials. In vain; the ring, though to all«ppearanoe quite new, was not to be dktiu quisned from any other of a strnfiar design. Then is no evidence here, then, by which thepractioal jeksr could be discovered ; but I put the ring th my pooket*. feeling sure that, directly or indirectly, cearch aad Inquiry would be made for it. I wsb quite content to bide my time ; and by : keeping my ears open something would certainly be heard concerning ti» lost valuable which would aid me in un ravelling the present mystery. In the meantime I would not say anything about what I had seen or found, but merely wait the course of events. fiayipg finished my toilet I went down stairs, fn the heii Sir Geoffrey met me; always- an early riser, he had been out in the morning air, aid was looking rosy and fresh. 'Ah! Monteith,' said he, in his cheery way; 'good morning. Up early, eh. Hope you slept well?1 , 'Yes, thank you, Sir Geoffrey,' 1 replied. Then was so need for me to tell him how my slumbers had been dis turbed. ' Tbat'B right. I ought to have told you, though, that we were obliged lo put you in a haunted chamber; .we're so full, you know.' ? '. '' This looked like geitiog on the track at once, and I was rattier surprised. ' Well !' I said, smiling, ' you astonish me. I never heard of such a thing. A haunted chamber! How long has the Hall enjoyed that honor?' II Not long, ha ! ha ! Fact is, the suvants declare that thelssttwoor three nighte the bed in that room has been need, though none of my guests have slept thers. -Wedon't generally use that room, you know, but had It ready, tecauie we expected a houseful.'' 'And have thtey conjured up a ghost for it?' v. ? , . ' They have, indeed/ 1 was brought into the toom yes terday inorniog and ihftwn the bed aU disarranged, though one of the maids djMjares she left it properly made up the nifcht before. Of course it's all nonsense ; and from yjrnr eppearanceifs evident you've seen no ghosfc*' :: The unworthv suspicion which j at Sir Geoffrey's first te mark, had spiteof jnf self flaBhed across me vanished at lhta. The baronet evidently knew nothing of the trick; and he would bave been greatly annoyed and hurt had he heard what had befallen .a guest of his in that 'haunted chamber.' ? '?'? ??:?-: 'Perhaps,' I said, jokingly, «*if. you had tald fine, I mitrht have been J6n the look-ont for a ghostly presence. Nobody knows what has happened during my slumbers. However, nobody slept in that bed last night but mvself ; . of that I'm certain.' * ' ' Of course, of course ; I know, ., X wouldn't have men tioned it to. everybody, because, some nervous people would at once imagine the place was full of ghosts, but I know you're not one of that sort.' ' ^'.1 don't think I am,' I KpliedLwJUi a laugh; ' it would require a peculiar species of ghost to frighten me.' Aid this with the vivid recollection of 'all the fear and quaking I had undergone only a few hours before. ' But never mind ghosts,' said the master of the house ; « just come and look at my new breechloader; we've time before breakfast.' I followed the baronet, thinking over what I had just \- heard. I was now more puzzled than ever. - This was a d(«piy4aid^ind deliberately-planned scheme. It must have been undertaken by some person «r persons who knew I was : coming, and who Were aware that the room was to be occu pied by me. Hence, in order . to render the thing more startling, the bed had been disturbed on the previous night, and thus the grand Jottp would have all the more effect This was how flte affair now shaped itself to me. But who —who would dare do such a bold stroke in the house of a gtntleman like Sir Geoffrey JSmblingP I understood now why the footmen gave jne such a soared look when he showed me the rcoin. -I resolved to note carefully thefaces of tile gueet8, and half expected to hear the subject talked . of among them, end myself rallied with having been toe itmateof a 'haunted room.' u My desire to daoidato thesaystery became stronger than ever; more especially as the ring m my pocket' must of necessity furcish a clue toithe chief actor. '??:- Chaftbb III. The Tweakfaatnarty consisted entirely of men attired ia shooting garb. The ladies did not put inanappearanoe; the hour was rather early lor -them. There wars a few non-eporting gentlemen, too, who were oonspiouoosby their 'absence. ' ?' '.:..,'.. '.i. ^';r''. \\. ... . '?'.'. ????-, ?. 'Hooked round tiie ?table, but there was nothing hould see or hear which in any -way smacked «f ghosts or speobes. The talk was all of shooting, and fcir Geoffrey was fall of the plans be had made; lot: the day's sport. Nobody paid me any particular attention ; no one was anxious to know if X had had a iotad night's rest, and I was not chaffed about seeing a ghost Fjurtliermore, there was no mention made by anyone of the loss of a ring; I took peculiar notice of that. I usually enjoyed sport at the Hall, but this morning I was not very enumsiastic about it It had been arranged that we were to work round toward a spot some distance from the house, where lunch would be ready for us, the ladies promlBing to grace the alfretco meal with their pre sence. Under these circumstances, then, it would have been much more to my taste if I could have remained behind and come on with the second party. I really began to wieh that I belonged to the non-shooting contingent, so that with them I could for the morning have become a ' squire of dames.' Let me not be misunderstood here. This desire was chiefly on account of the ring lying in my pocket. It was quite possible that I should by such means hear something about the jewel. Perhaps Miss Alios Embling might have helped me in my quest. Of course, I should also have enjoyed more of the company and convar* sation of Miss Berringer; but this was only a secondary consideration. However, it was now too late for me to drawback; I had shown too mubh interest in the arrange ments to do so with a good grace. . I noticed with great satisfaction that Captain Delamere was to be of the shooting party. For some reason *r other I had taken a sudden dislike to this gallant warrior. I . knew tie man, had met him often, but never oared much for him. He was some years older than myself, tall, square shouldered, and extremely fastidious m dress— in fact, a complete military fop. He wtf wsaTftfyliatf fy Utt aM «f his good looks— for apart from his affeotatiorhe really was a fine-looking fellow— his mdney, and pfetftyi-f cool impu dence, he bad gained a certain amount of popularity, and set himself up as a laaykUler; ButiSlus Berringer had affected even his shallow hearty and, U far as On fellow could be, he was in love with her. : -i .'. Now, spite of Miss Alice's cautionB, Sod notwithstanding the shortness of our acqoaiatsooei ; I was . dangerously near the same state myself, so much say indeed, that I was [ire pared to put down as a rival anyone wlio apyeared desirow of (bat king in the smiles of Miss Berringer. Such befog the care, I had for rivals all the unmarried and most of the married men in the house ; but DeUmero was my par ticular enemy. We started soon after breakfast, tolly provided with gun*, game-bagv, dogs, and keeper*. Sir Geoffrey and his head keeper led the van and directed our movements. Most of the party were good shots, and all were keen sportsmen. Soon the banging of guns and genera! commotion told of good results. The little plump brown birds fell before oar weapons in large numbers, and it was not long before our bats began to get heavy. The sun was hot and strong ; walking over the fields was by a* means easy work, and no one was sorry when the lau chisg-greattdlrfm in sight. It was a pretty spot; a low mound covered with thick, fre*h green Bward. and orowaed with a snowy cloth. The servants were busy laying thra impromptu diniag-taUs with an abundant supply of eataWes and drinkables, wbioh had been brought in Iwnpeni from the house. Overhead a noble oak spread its branches-, affording cool and grateful shade, while hard-by a brook, spanned by a nutio bridge, tippled a pleasant accompaniment. Away through the trees appeared the pable roofs of the Hall, while behind us we could hear the flutterings and twitterings of disturbed birds. Our morning's «port had made us both hot and hungry, and exircise in the keen air did not fail to add to our appetites. 'This is quite enchanting,' said Sir Geoflrey gaily, wiping his brow. ' We've dons- good work with the gun, and are ready to play a good knive and fork.' Indeed we were ; and very eoon the sound of popping corks and general clatter of knives and forks, together with the comparative silence which fell upon the company, gave evidence that the spoftsmen'S appetites were being appeased. * 1 soon discovered Miss Berrrager, who, with Lady Eubling and her daughters, was seated at the foot of the oak. I made my way towards them. Lady Embling greeted me with a smile. ' You look warm, Mr. Monteith,' said her ladyship. 'Yes, Lady Embltag,' I wplied, 'I am warm; we've been doing some really hard work.' ' So it would seem by your game-bags. You gentlemen appear to take a great deal of trouble over what you call pleasure ; . and Sir Geoffrey is so enthusiastic that ho never oensidenhisguetts.' I think papa makes too serious a thing of his sport,' broke in the elder Miss Embling, 'Just look now how he is laying down the law to poor Captain Dela mere. ' : I followed her face, and to my unspeakable joy saw that the baronet had become quite eloquent to his guest over the new breechloader, and had regularly buttonholed tbeVoldier.J 'My dear Delamere,' he was Baying, with great gravity and f arneetnese, ' there's no doubt about it ; its quioker, truer, and safer than anything I ever handled. See now,' he was proceeding, when Miss Embling went towards tha pair, laving, ' I must take pity on thit poor man or he'll never finish bis lunch.' I knew by experience that when our host once got fairly off nponja hobby, it was byno means an easy matter to escape from him; so I felt quite certain that Delamere was fixel fqr some time. Lunch .over, we iouneed about smoking and chatting:, the athletic figures of the men clothed in shooting garb forming a pleasant contrast to the gipsy ing costumes of the ladies. 1 took care to keep my vantage ground, and although Mits Berringer received homage from nearly all the gentlemen, I could not this time complain of being sup planted. - Just when this doleefar ntenU had become most pleasant, and fust as Delamere had managed to escape from Sir Geoffrey, which to me was very unpleasant, and, ' true as the needle to the pole,' was advancing in our direction, our host cried out: 'Well, are we to have any more shooting?' I think we might work over the bridge and round towards the house; eh, Wilkins ?' to his head keeper. ' Aye. Sir Geoffrey,' said that functionary, touching his hat, 'nfainkit'udtfo.' 'Well, then, come Delamere,' said the baronet, taking bis gun, u and I'll give you a practical application of what I've been saying.'' The captain could not get out of it, and with illcon cealed reluctance followed him, as did some of the more aident sportsmen, most of us preferring to stay where ws were in the company of the ladies. 'Come along Wilfred,' said Sir Geoffrey, looking back at me. .' You muet excuse me, Sir Geoffrey,' replied I'; 'I gave my ankle a wrench a little while ago ; it's become quite sore and painful, and I don't think it would be well for ma to try it any more to-day.' There was only the faintest shade of tenth in this. I certainly had twisted my foot very slightly, but there was no earthly reason fpr me to urge that as an excuse. I wss capable of inventing any thing juBt then. They moved off, and we soon heard them banging away behind UB. As in September days begin to grow short and even ings chilly, we did not remain long at the lunehing ground. We set out in a body for the Hall, leaving guns and game-bags to follow with the servants. We were a merry party, and as we Btrolled along there was plenty ot time and opportunity for chat and flirtation. ' Xt gees without saying ' that I constituted myself Miss Bel-ringer's cavalier, Miss Alice Embling walked on the .other side of me, for the cake of propriety (as she after wards said); The ghost adventure was still fresh in my (nindj and .1 watched carefully, trying to find an oppor tunity of leading the conversation in that direction, hoping thereby to hear sometiiiDg, at least about the ring. But neither ef the laughing girls showed any inclination to talk «f such an eeris subject. 'Well,' thought I to myself, 'if Miss Alice hsihad anything to do]with my mystery, she certainly carries it off well, for her manner does not betray her in the least.' At last I uXt—apropo* of no thing: 'Do you believe in ghosts, Miss Berringer?' 'No, Mr. Monteith,' she replied with a laugh-that u, not in the ordinary *ooeptation of the term.' 'Well, you do believe that there is something in the idea of seeing a ghost?' ~ ?'My views are peculiar in this respect,' she said, with a slight hesitancy. 'My friends say— in fact, I know-1 am somewhat superstitious.' 'Indeed* I shouldn't have thought that You ba lie ve then ? ?? ' What's that you're saying about ghosts ?' broke in Mies Embling. 'Do you know we've discovered a ghost at theHallF? I pricked, up my ears at this. Now surely I had got a due, and Mits Alice was in the secret after all. 'At Beechwood Hall!' Isaid incredulously. 'Why, I never heard , of that before.' ' Of course you didn't ; neither did we until a week ago.' . ' Hsb some ancestor suddenly been disturbed in his grave by a_perturbed and*remorseful spirit?' 'We can't tell jet' was the laughing reply. 'No- body's seen the ghost— only evidence of its ' goings on/' ' Well, that's rather romantic.' ' I hope it'll prove so, although there's not often muoh romance about tqe modem ghosts; they are generally toe matter-of-fact for that.' ' Where is the haunted room ?' II Why, it's yours, to besure!' . : : ? ' Mine !' I arid, as if quite astonished. . ' Yes. yours. Didn't you see a spectre lest night ?' ' Net I, indeed ; there was nothing ghostly in my room.' -.?;.. 'WeH, I'll tell you all I kn»w about itj' said Miss Fmbling, end she proceeded to relate the same story whioh I had heard from her father in the morning. During our cnversation Miss Berringer walked »quietty along, taking ? ? «v ? ; — ? no part in it ; but while Alice treated the matter at a rich V . bit of fob, her frierifltnaJn buiied a grave and rather serious' air. Tun- ing to her, 'T-vtPAir ,': . . !r' . ; ? ?? And what do you -think of 'tfce phenomenon. Miss Berring»? Ib it a^aniifne ra«e of the BUpe-natutal ?'f 'I said, Mr. HonteHb. that .1 hold peculiar vows oa ?ach subjects,' she 'repli. a',- with a quiet umil *. 'Now,' said Miss Alice, a little impatiently, 'don't talk to Fanny about it. r the positively raves oa ' ghosts/ and she haa eome pet theories about them.' ' There, you see; it's no use my expressing any opinion; I should only.ba laughed at.'1 ' Nevermind, Miss Berririger, we'll talk the matter over when there are no * scoffers '' present. I' re got my theories too, and we'll compare them.' ' - ?? And I wish you joy of vour subject,' sail Miss Alice, with a touch of sarcasm.. 'I hope you'll see ' black spirits and white* to your heart*? content in your dreams. But lef b change the subject and talk of something a little more cheerful than * ghosts.'/* ' And *n8 rattled on in her lively wmyeothat I could not get any chance to lead the conver sation. ' So far I had not gained anything by my motion.' The' ring was not even mentioned, and the jocular way in whioh Miss Embling treated the whole business, together with the easy manner in which the subject ? was dropped, led me to think that I had been hasty in imagining the could be in any way connected with last night's adventure. I did not anticipate any aid in the «nravelment from the pro misea conversation or discussion with Miss Berringer. We reached the Hall about the same time as the sportsmen. As I vat going upstairs the butler put a telegram' into my hand. ' It bid just borne,' he said. I opened it ; it was from Edinburgh, and read : 'Come at once; your uncle is dying.' Huirying to Sir Geoffrey's dressing-room, I knocked at tfaedoor ; he opened it. 'Wilfred !' he exclaimed, in but ptlse. - ? I showed him the telegraph. 'Dear me,' he said, 1 ' how shocking ! Let me see,' consulting his watoh. '.'Yes! If you look sharp you can catch the express— it stops here-^which will lend you in London just in time for the eight mail for Scotland. Go and get ready, and I'll order the wagvonette.' , . I rushed back to my room, changed my clothes, rammed my things into the portmanteau, ana oame downBtairs as the vehicle drove up to the door. 'Drive fast,' said Sir Geoffrey to the man. 'Good- bye,' he said, pressing my band. ' I hope it won't be so bad as yon think. Take this,' he added, pushing a small luncheon-basket into my hands; ' you'll find it useful on the road.' 'Thank you very much for your kindness,' I said; ' excuse me to Lady Embliog. Good- bye !' We drove off, and the high- 'stepping horses bore us swiftly to the station, whioh we reached just as the train was approaching the platform. (2b be continued.) 