"HAMLET." The following is the lecture delivered on Thursday evening before the Shakespeare Society by the Rev. W.R. Fletcher, M.A.:- When I was asked by Professor Boulger to give the Shakespeare Society a paper on .Hamlet," I hesitated for some time before acceding to his request The reason for the hesitation was not any lack of interest in the proceedings of our society, but it arose simply from the fear that on such a subject I could say nothing that had not already been better said by some one or other of the numerous writers who have been attracted to this theme. Shakespeare's "Hamlet" is without doubt the profoundest and the most difficult and therefore the most fascinating drama in all literature, and it is not to be wondered at that so many critics should have attempted to explain it, and to get at the heart of it. Every conceivable view as to the artistic merit of the drama, as to the character of its hero, as to the development of the plot, and as to tbe general meaning of the play, has found an advocate. Some say it is a grand work of art, profound and sublime, and others tell us it is a series of blunders, and the work of a clumsy but clever writer. Some will tell us that Hamlet was only feigning madness, others that he was really mad, and others again that he was a little mad and tried to make himself out to be worse than he was. Hamlet's philosophy has been described as confirmed pessimism, as deliberate optimism, and as something which is neither the one nor the other. One critic pictures him as a brave martial hero, and another as a coward who is afraid to do any deed of blood. In the eyes of one his con- science is his imperious divine monitor, but in the eyes of another he has no conscience at all, and what seems like a conscience is only timidity. He is blamed for doing too little and for doing too much, for doing the right thing at the wrong time and the wrong thing at the right time. Hamlet has been held up as a moral hero, and an illustration of how The good man in the direful grasp of ill His consciousness of right retaineth still, and as a pitiful example of a weak man yielding to circumstances and be- coming deteriorated by them, veritably "a weak and peasant slave." The same curious uncertainty seems to attach to all the main characters of the play except the king, who finds no friends anywhere. That Ophelia is a lovely creation of the poet's genius is one opinion, that Ophelia is such an empty weak sort of a girl that it was im- possible for such a man as Hamlet to have more than a passing fancy for her, is another opinion; that Laertes is the ideal man of the drama, the man of action, prompt, decisive, and reliable, a notable contrast to poor Hamlet with his mad dreamings, is set against the opinion that he is an empty- pated braggadocio, a worthy son of the tedious old fool, his father, who shows his in- herited meanness by his becoming a partner in the king's treachery. Even Polonius has his admirers as well as his detractors. Horatio is the only character against whom no one has a word to say, and Oscar shares with the king in having no one to stand up for him. Under the circumstances it is impossible for any student of Hamlet to pretend to be original. The ground is already too well occupied for him to build his own house of fancy. He must rent one that some one else has put up. Consciously or unconsciously he must put on other men's thoughts as his mental armour. In this paper I do not pre- tend to set forth any thing very original. I, like all of you, have been a reader of Hamlet, and of men's thoughts on Hamlet, and like you have thought my own thoughts in the midst of my reading, and a few of those thoughts I will venture to give you this even- ing. If your thoughts are better than mine I am quite ready to admit the fact and adopt them. Just as among instrumental there is a sharp- ness proper to a scythe, to a lancet, and to a saw, so in human minds acuteness may take various forms, and this acuteness may cut in different fashions. If some of our critics may be likened to scythes or lancets Voltaire may be best represented by a sharp saw well set. Let me quote you his words. He occupies the extreme left of the army of critics, as Gervinus occupies the extreme right, but Voltaire has but a scanty following, while the right wing is composed of numerous battalions." Says Voltaire, p. 381:— Far be it from me to justify everything in that tragedy; it is a vulgar and barbarous drama which would not be tolerated by the vilest populace of France or Italy. Hamlet becomes crazy in the second act and his mis- tress becomes crazy in the third; the prince slays the father of his mistress under the pretence of killing a rat, and the heroine throws herself into the river; a grave is dug on the stage, and the gravediggers talk quodlibets worthy of themselves, while hold- ing skulls in their hands; Hamlet responds to their nasty vulgarities in silliness no less disgusting. In the meanwhile another of the actors conquers Poland. Hamlet, his mother, and his stepfather carouse on the stage; songs are sung at table; there is quarrelling, fighting, killing. One would imagine the piece to be thee work of a drunken savage. But amidst all these vulgar irregularities, which to this day made the English drama so absurd and so barbarous, there are to be found in "Hamlet" by a bizarrerie still greater, some sublime passages worthy of the greatest genius. It seems as though nature had mingled in the brain of Shakespeare the greatest conceivable strength and grandeur with whatsoever witless vulgarity can devise that is lowest and most despicable." — From Voltaire's "Theatre Complet" vol ii, 201: Geneva, 1768. Voltaire speaks as the representative of the French mind in the eighteenth century. Time has, however, had its revenges, even in France. Victor Hugo, the typical modern Frenchman, has gone to the other extreme. He idolizes Hamlet. He finds a meaning in every line and in every incident. He makes it fit in with his own wild imagination. "Nothing" said he "more overwhelming has ever been dreamed." The common opinion touching the character of Hamlet is that he was a brave, educated, gentlemanly prince, a man with a melancholy and thoughtful cast of mind, which had been intensified by a liberal education; a man who, had he been born in the middle ranks of society, and a few centuries later, would have shone in the peaceful regions of scholarship, but whose misfortune was that he was born a prince in a wild and semi-barbarous court, and in the midst of political disturbances which showed the times to be sadly "out of joint." Upon this man was laid by supernatural imposition a burden of dubious duty which was too heavy for him to bear. He is cursed with habit of too much thinking, which begets in him a tendency to procrastination. He no sooner sees the way to action open to him than he begins to speculate on his motives and reasons for carrying out his purpose, and while brooding over the event he lets the opportunity slip. This weighty responsibility has the effect of partially unhinging his mind and driving him to simulate a madness to which he was almost driven in reality. He plans, and then fails to translate into deeds what had inflamed his mind. He sacrifices everything to this fatal irresolution, and finally falls victim to a foul plot, not, however before he has ac- complished his task., which he does, after all, by a sudden impulse. If this view of Hamlet's character be correct Shakespeare with con- summate genius has sketched for us a picture of a man whose misfortune it was to be un- able to fight the battle of life, not from lack of ability or courage, but from being unable to make up his mind to do at once what he felt he ought to do and must do sooner or later. This common opinion is well expressed by Goethe in his Wilhelm Meister in those well-known words— The time is out of joint; O, cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right? In these words I imagine will be found the key to Hamlet's whole procedure. To me it is dear that Shakespeare meant, in the pre- sent case, to represent the effects of a great action laid upon a soul unfit for the per- formance of it. In this view the whole piece seems to me to be composed. There is an oak tree planted in a costly jar which should have borne only pleasant flowers in its bosom. "The roots expand; the jar is shivered. A lovely, pure, noble, and most moral nature, without the strength of nerve which forms a hero, sinks beneath a burden which it cannot bear, and must not cast away. All duties are holy for him; the present is too hard. To my mind this view of Hamlet's character is not satisfactory. It does not seem to be borne out by the circumstances in which he is placed. He was no coward by nature. He could dare and could do great deeds. A rude public like that of ancient Denmark was not likely to esteem a dreamer, yet we hear of "the great love the general gender bear him." He was no recluse, but "the observed of all observers." He was a soldier even more than he was a scholar. He did not seem to know what fear means; even in trepidation. Nowhere does he present the aspect of a man who is afraid to do what he wants to do. Something else beside fear, something other than either trepidation or irresolution must be sought for to explain his frequent delays, his unwilling procrastination I think we may find the key to what we seek partly in Hamlet himself, and partly in his surroundings, but of this more anon. We must first clear our way by saying something about Hamlet's madness. If Hamlet were really mad — that is, so unhinged in his mind that he was only to a limited extent responsible for his words and actions after the terrible interview with his father's spirit, then we may at once give up all those nice distinctions as to his motives and his character, which have amused and divided the critics. The play becomes nothing more than a clever picture of a very interesting young man gone mad, and who in his madness has all licence allowed him to say most rude and improper things, and do most odd deeds at odd times. The border land between madness and sanity, like all scientific bounda- ries, is a shaded and a waving line. Perhaps we are all a little mad, and the difference between the sane and the lunatic is only one of degree. Be that as it may, we practically allow of almost any amount of eccentricity in a man's character so long as he is evidently respon- sible for his actions. That Hamlet was a very unusual and eccentric young man no one will doubt or deny, but that he was so far under the dominion of vagaries as to be beyond the dividing line of responsibility is quite another question. If Hamlet were sane we are justified in pushing our enquiries into his motives for all he says and does. If Hamlet were insane there is an end of the entire matter. Now I for one agree with those who do not think Shakespeare ever intended us to think of Hamlet as really mad. I know that I have the greater number of medical experts against me in this opinion, but that only proves the cleverness of Hamlet's acting, and the skill of the author of the play, if other circumstances go to show that this madness was feigned. In spite of the penetrating force of the argu- ments of Dr. Conolly, in his "Study of Hamlet, 1563," and of Dr. Kellogg, in his book, "Shakespeare's Delineations of In sanity, Imbecility, and Suicide," New York, 1866, and many others, I still feel that we miss all the meaning of this play if we take it as nothing more than the record of the freaks of a clever man gone mad. The strongest argument, and one which to me is conclusive in favor of the ordinary view of this question, is that which is afforded by a comparison of the earlier and later forms of Hamlet This play, as is well known, exists in two very different editions. In 1602 there occurs an entry in the Sta- tioners' Registry, by James Roberts, of a book called "The Revenge of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, as it was lately acted by the Lord Chamberlayne, his servants." As this was Shakespeare's company of players, there is little doubt that this was Shakespeare's tragedy. No copy of this edition is known to exist, and whether it was ever printed is doubtful. In the following year, 1603, was printed the shorter play in quarto, of which two copies have been preserved. In 1604 the second quarto was published, "enlarged to almost as much again as it was." This is substantially the Hamlet as we have it, though not exactly, for when the folio of 1623 was published the "Hamlet" in that volume contains some passages not in any of the quartos, and omits others. The first Q. contains 2143 lines, the second Q, 3,719. There is little doubt that we have in the shorter play the first form of the tragedy, a genuine work of the poet, though it is left uncertain in our mind whether it be not itself an altered edition of a yet older work. The character of Hamlet in his moments of action is fully conceived in the earlier play. It is, as Knight says, the contemplative part of his nature which is elaborated in the per- fect copy. In reference to Hamlet's madness we find a marked difference in what is said of the hero. In the first it is much more em- phatically stated. In the second these state- ments are toned down as though Shakespeare wished to remove from his auditors the im- pression that Hamlet was really beside him- self, an impression which his words and actions might well be supposed to warrant. In the later play Ophelia in Act 2, Scene 1, is represented as coming in to her father and saying— "Alas, my lord, I have been so affrighted," in the earlier play she enlarged this one line into five, and said that he was actually bereft Of his wits. "My dear Father, such a change in nature, So great an alteration in a Prince He is bereft of all the wealth he had The jewel that adorned his feature most Is fliched and stolen away- his wits bereft him." "Again," to quote Knight, "in the next scene, when the king communicates his wishes to Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, he does not speak of Hamlet as merely put "from the understanding of himself," but in this first copy he says, "On dear Cousin Hamlet hath lost the very heart of all his sense" In the description which Polonius gives of Hamlet's madness for Ophelia's love, the symptoms are made much stronger in the original copy. He straightway grew into a melancholy. From that into a fast; then into distraction Then into a sadness; from that into a madaess. And so by continuance sad weakness of the brain Into the frenzy which now possesses him. "Frenzy, according to Barton, was the worst and the final stage of madness, when the aberration had become clamorous and con- tinual,and Polonius tells us that Hamlet is not only the prey of melancholy and distrac- tion, but, by continuance, of "frenzy." The later copy is much milder in its description of these. symptoms - a sadness, a fast, a watch, a weakness, a tightness, a madness. Shakespeare did not, either in his first sketch or in his amended copy, intend his audience to believe that Hamlet was essentially mad, and he removed, therefore the strong expressions which might encourage that belief. With this opinion of Knight I feel bound to agree, as I find it strengthened by reference to the original story as told in Belleforest's collec- tion of novels from which Shakespeare got the materials of his plot. There we read again and again "how Hamlet counter- feited the madness to escape the tyranny of his uncle." To work out the plot of this drama with a clever thoughtful sane man as its hero, taking on madness as a cloak, is a vastly more difficult literary performance than simply to draw for us a pic- ture of the ravings ot a demented scholar oppressed and tormented by circumstances. We believe Shakespeare attempted the more difficult task, and that he has succeeded all seem to agree, except those specialists who have been deceived by Shakespeare's mar- vellous success into thinking that the hero was actually beside himself. If Hamlet then was not mad, and is there is no evidence that be was too weak by nature for the performance of a great task, how shall we solve the enigma of his character ? To that query I venture a double answer, one obtained from his own actions, and one from his surroundings. The best exponent of the first that I have found is in a recent writer in the Contemporary Review, and the best statement of the latter is in the works of the German critic Werder. I cannot introduce the first better than by quoting a sentence from Swinburne, who speaks of "the indomitable and in- eradicable fallacy of criticism, which would find the keynote of Hamlet's character in the quality of irresolution," and then tells us how certain incidents are introduced on purpose to show "the instant and almost unscru- pulous resolution of Hamlet's character in time of practical need." The reviewer following in the wake of Swinburne says that Hamlet's mind is evidently preoccupied with some dominant event, and that this pre- occu- pation, rather than irresolution, is the key to his behavour. In the mental history of any mind some sudden, unexpected event may so take possession of the chambers of the brain as to dwarf all other events in comparison and to check all activities which do not have immediate reference thereto. For instance, let a brave commander on the eve of a battle receive news that his wife or child is at the point of death, and who will wonder if his orders be not always correct ? If an eloquent politician be told as he enters the legislative chamber on some great night that his home has been in- vaded by treachery and he will, as we say, have no heart for the details of an argument. Neither in the one case nor the other would we say that the soldier was less brave in spirit, or that the tongue of the orator had perma- nently lost its power to charm. Othello when poisoned by jealousy did what Othello in his own nature would never have done. Similarly it would seem as if something had pre- possessed Hamlet's mind, which by its con- stant presence on his thoughts incapacitated him for carrying out the purpose assigned him. If a man were oppressed with having a great deed to do which be was unable to ac- complish he could not accuse himself of per- petually forgetting it, as Hamlet does, with evident truth. Instead of being always think- ing of it we find musings and broodings over the possibilities of escape from so vile a world, alternating with cool and keen analysis, polished criticism and petulant wit; and when his mind does revert to this "great action," this "dread command," which is supposed to haunt it and to keep it in a whirl of doubt and irresolution, it is because it is forcibly recalled to it, because some incident startles him to recollection, proves to him that he has forgotten it, and he turns upon himself with surprise and indig- nation. Why is it this thing remains to do? Am I a coward; Do I lack gall! Is it "bestial oblivion" or is it Some craven scruple Of thinking to precisely on the event? There is in this drama a double tragedy as it were, the one outward in the events which pass before us, an the other inward in the soul of Hamlet. Each has its initial movements, each has its crisis, and each has its indepen- dent development. The two are concurrent, but not coincident; they are intimately re- lated, and are yet distinct. In the outward drama the great event, the turning point, is to be found in the command given by the ghost to kill the king. In the inward drama we must seek for some other motive, for Hamlet with his "bestial oblivion" is evidently not dominated by this command. That other event took place before the open- ing of the ghostly commission, and it seems to me nothing more or less than the marriage of his mother on the death of the late king. This event had annoyed him, had disgusted him, had shaken his faith in everything, but especially in feminine worth. His father had been a man of a such noble character, and his mother, previously to this "o'er hasty mar riage," had seemed to him the very type of wifehood and womanhood, that to find her seduced by that man whom he describes to his mother as A murderer and a villain A slave that it not the twentieth part the type Of your precedent lord, had so unhinged him and disturbed his moral nature that all thought and action are tainted with the memory of the foul deed. Says the reviewer—"Start from this as a fixed point and a dramatic situation is gained in which every stroke of satire, every curiosity of logic, every strain of melancholy is appropriate and per- tinent to the action." The crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the man is antecedent to the crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the prince. This seems to be hinted at in the very first muttered words that Hamlet speaks in the play before he has seen the ghost. King—How now my cousin Hamlet, and my son. H. (aside) —A little more than kin and less than kind. King—How is to that the clouds still hang on you? H - Not so my lord, I am to much in the sun. It it still more manifest in his soliloquy, also uttered before he has received the super- natural command, beginning—" O that this too too solid flesh would melt," when Hamlet and his friends are talking about the ghost, whose appearance at that time was very problemati- cal, and Hamlet asks Horatio what brought him from Wittenburg. Horatio answers — " My lord I came to see your father's funeral" Hamlet replies—" I pray thee do not mock me, fellow student. I think it was to see my mother's wedding." Horatio—Indeed my lord it followed hard upon. Hamlet—Thrift, thrift, Horatio, the funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage, tables. Would I had met my dearest foe in heaven Or ever I had seen that day, Horatio ! When Hamlet is introduced to us he is not a mere scholarly knightly prince, but one whose philosophy has been rudely shaken by an event which has annoyed him, whose confi- dence in the order of the world has been dis- turbed, and whose chivalrous devotion to ideal womanhood has received a terrible shook. He has been deceived by his own mother. That mother, being the queen, had drawn all the world in her train — Nobles and people, councillors and courtiers, the honored states- men, the artless maiden of his affections, had all joined, had connived at her deed, were, in a sense, her accomplices. Every- thing seems wrong in consequence. How weary, stale, flat, unprofitable Seems to me all the uses of this world Fie on't! Oh, fie, the unweeded garden. Some three months after this disastrous subjec- tive crisis in the mind of the hero occurred the objective crisis of the drama. A ghost appears as a visitant from the unseen realms of purgatorial fires, and tells Hamlet that the present king murdered in profound secrecy the former king, and that It is his duty to avenge that murder. Now, what was Hamlet to do, we ask; what was he likely to do ? or we may put the question thus — what course was alone open to him unless he were in very deed a mad fool? We hear a great deal from the critics of irresolution. Suppose he had been, as the critics seem to have wanted him to be, ''grandly resolute,'' and rushed at the king with his rapier the next time they met and pierced him to his heart—what then ? Hamlet would have appeared a convicted regicide and nothing more ; a disappointed prince who had murdered his king, his uncle, and his stepfather, because he had been cheated out of the throne. The late king had died as all thought a sadden but a natural death. Hamlet would have to say he was murdered, but Hamlet's only witness was a ghost, and who would believe him ! Others might support him in his testimony as to the actual fact of this visitant having ap- peared on the ramparts, but none of these witnesses heard anything that the ghost said except that dubious and sepulchral monition to "swear." Had Hamlet swept to his revenge he would have himself paid the penalty by loss of honor, of liberty, and of life, unless as is most unlikely the "great love the general gender bore him" would have enabled him to tide over the bad odor of this ghost inspired murder. The death of the late king was a horrible murder, but there are only two per- sons who have any knowledge of it, or indeed any suspicion of it; those are Hamlet and the king himself who did the deed. It must be Hamlet's first endeavor to get fresh proof of the deed - proof that will satisfy himself, which is easy, and proof that will satisfy the world, which is more difficult, There was no bloodshed, nor any of the features of ordinary horror — in fact, nothing unnatural or sus- picious about the deed. The old man apparently dies quietly in his afternoon nap in his gar- den. The guilt of the deed was completely entombed, and could only be brought to light by making the king in some way or other confess it. He must get it out of the king whether or no he did the deed, or whether this ghost was only a lying similitude of his father, a devilish impersonation of "the majesty of buried Denmark." and his doleful message a piece of fiendish mischief. Hamlet's greater burden may have been a righteous revenge, but that duty had as a preliminary task, the obtaining evidence that would justify his deed. He postpones the greater till he has done the lesser work. Remembering this we can understand his whole course of procedure; with his mind full of that revulsion which he felt against his mother's frailty, he has this fresh burden laid upon him. His philosophy has taught him the folly of attempting to succeed by noise or blustering assertion. He is moreover alone. He can tell no one of his secret except his bosom friend Horatio. He must proceed with caution, for as soon as the king thinks that he is suspected Hamlet's life is not worth much. He hits upon the expedient of feigning mad- ness. Under the cloak of Insanity he can do and say things that would not be tolerated in a man who was not of an "antic disposition." This mock madness was the very best ex- pedient he could hit upon, if he were able to play so very difficult a part. As behind a masked battery he could work his parallels underground nearer and nearer to the citadel he wished to take. That Hamlet could act this part we all know well, and that he succeeded. In his plan is manifest, when we consider the relative importance in the plot of the famous play scene. From that moment when the king stopped the tragedy Hamlet knew he was right—the ghost had not deceived him, the king had been made to bear unwill- ing witness against himself. The first stage of the king's punishment is over, and Hamlet breaks out into a wild outburst of glee.— Hamlet. Why, let the stricken deer go weep, The hart ungalled play; For some must watch, while some must sleep: So runs the world away— Would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers ( if the rest of my fortunes turn Turk with me), with two provincial roses on my razed shoes, get me a fellowship in a cry of players, sir? Horatio. Half a share. Hamlet. A whole one, I for thou must know, O Damon dear. This realm dismantled was Of Jove himself, and now reigns here A very very —- peacock Horatio. You might have rhymed. Hamlet, O, good Horatio, I'll take the ghost's word for a thousand pounds. I might now go on to show how Hamlet is from this point obliged to alter his tactics while pursuing the same general plan. His life, however, is now in imminent danger, and he knows it. He will lose no time, but takes care to secure the next point in his evidence, and to be the next knot of the web which be is weaving. He will gain over to his side the queen, his mother. Time will not, however, allow me to follow all the incidents of the drama as it pauses on to its its conclusion, in which, in spite of that one grievous incident in which he forgot his purpose, and allows his hot blood to carry him into doing a deed which is a mistake, the poem ends in rude justice to all who have taken part in the history. Even Hamlet has justice done him if we remember that that purpose to which he had given himself was fulfilled. The whole story of Hamlet is to my mind but another version of that wandering problem which has taxed thinking minds in every age and In every country, viz, how to reconcile the higher life of duty, and honour, and faith with the lower life of sin and suffering, and wearisome common-place incidents. It is the problem of the Book of Job, the problem of Goethe's "Faust," the problem of "Paradise Lost," a problem which ever and anon presents itself to as all. And the un- known author of Job, and Shakespeare, and Milton, and Goethe are all at one in this, that no solution of this problem is possible unless we remember that right and duty rest on eternal sanctions, and are not the tem- porary expressions of expediency; and also that, coincident and concurrent with this visible, mundane realm is another universe - unseen, and spiritual, and real. The key to " Hamlet" is the same that may be applied to Goethe's "Faust." That brilliant fragment, the first part of "Faust," is a puzzle and an enigma, just as Hamlet is; but in the second part Goethe himself gives as the key, and that key, which explains Faust, will also explain Hamlet, A good man in the direful grasp of ill His consciousness of right retaineth still. 