HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Iboning.—In ironing a drees firtt iron the waist, next the 'sleeves, and lastly the slrirt. Keep the latter rolled while doing the other parts. In ironing a shirt first do the bach, then the sleeves, the collar and bosom, and then the front. Sill should be ironed on the wrong side, when quite damp, with an iron "not very hot. Always iron lace and embroidery on the wrong side. Italian 8at;cb —Mince a couple of shallots quite fine, and fry them in a little salad oil,. When tv.iy are a pale straw colour add two or. thr-e mushrooms, and a little parsley minced in the same manner; then moisten with enough stock and white wine in equal puis to make the sauce ; put in, tied up in a small bunch, a clove of garlic, some sweet herbs, and a bay leaf; add pepper and salt to taste, and let the sauce boil for lialf-an-hour. Bemove the bunch, melt a piece of butter, add a very little Hour to it, then the sauce ; stir it well, make it hot, and serve. Quenelles.—This is a simple and inexpen sive recipe, and there should be no difficulty in getting the quenelles made by an ordinary oook. Take two ouncea of sifted bread crumbs, moisten them with a little milk or cream, and, before using them, put the crumbs into a cloth and squeeze out as much moisture as possible. Then put them into a stewpan with an ounce of butter, and stir over the fire until the paste brosmes smooth and compact; mix with it a well-beaten egg, and again stir over the fire until dry. Have ready an ounce of any kind of poindid meat, game, poultry, or fish, well and highly seasoned, and in the c-se of the latter a little anchovy added. Mix all together and set aside to get as cold aa possible. When ready for use, flour your hands and roll the quenelles into the shape of small eggs. Have a stewpan halt filled with boiling broth or water, flavoured with pepper and salt; drop in the quenelles aod poach them. 1 ight «r ten minutes will cook the largest size. They may be served eithes with a rich gravy or white sauce flavoured with lemon juice. Sayouby Omelette —In making a small savonry omelette me the following:. First of all chop up a small piece of onion the size of the thumb down to the first joint, and a teaspoocful of chopped parsley, to which should be added about a salt-spoonful of ordinary mixed savoury herbs. To this add a salt-spoonful of salt, and half a one of pepper. Next take three eggs, break thorn into a basin, and beat them up till tbey froth, and then add the chopped ingredients, pepper, ealt, Ac. Now take about two ounces of butter, snd place it in a frying pan over the fire. If the eggs are thoroughly frothed up, as soon as (he bu'.ter begins to splutter and froth from the heat, pour ia the eggs from the basin, and stir the whole together very quickly—that is, with a tablespoon keep Bcr.ping the mixture from the bottom of the pan to prevent it Eticking. Very scon the whole will begin to set. When this takes place slacken the heat and work the mixture np into a semi-circular form, which is easily done, owing to the shape of the frying pan. Asscou as the mixture is nearly set take the frying pan from the fire, and if you have an open "fire hold the frying pan in front, and the heat will causa the omele,te to rise. If the fire-place ia a shut-up ooe, the beat way of making the ome lette rise is to hold what is known in France as a salamander on the top. A salamander is •imply a piece of hot irob, which will cause the omelette to rise, and also slightly brown it on the top. In ordinary English kitchens, where no ea'amaoder is obtainable, it is a very com mon thing for the cook to make the kitchen shovel red hot, and use it for the purpose. Hist3 fob Nubsing.—Quietude ia a great thing, of course; but real qnietude means the absence of all excitement, ard it must be re 's embered that anything out of the common wih tend to excite the mind of a sufferer. Do not, therefore, wall on tiptoe, for tbis, in addition to its unusual elaboration of the gait, invariably causes a certain amount of creaking. Speak in low tones, but don't whisper; "a whisper will cftea awake a sleeper who would not be disturbed by ordinary conversation; snd never say ' Hush!' let your clothes and foot covering be of as noiseless and unobtru sive a character as possible, and instead of gliding and tottering about like a rickety ghost, do not hesitato to walk. If you have occasion to say anything in the room, say it so that the patient can hear it if he wishes, and do not let him be aware of your cjnspiricg privately with the others, especially at the door. That door has mueli to answer for. If it bo visible from the bed, people open it cautiously, put the.r heads in, and slowly withdraw again. If, as is more frequently the care, it is screened by the bed curtains, mysterious openings a-il shuttings are heard, unattended with any apparent ingress or egress, and aotto voce colloquies go on outside. When you enter, do eo honestly and at once; do cot spend five minutes in turning the handle, like a housebreaker, thereby producing a series of irritating little flirts, finally terminating in a big snap, with which the door flies open. If the latch be at all rusty a hsndle that is slowlv wound back in this way will often stick, anil either require to be rattled back into position, or, if left as it is, may start back suddenly, after a time, of its own accord, with a report l'ke a pistol-shoz. It is alwuys well to recol lect that it by no means follows that a sick person is asleep because his eyes are shut; he may be acutely conscious of all that is passing in the room, though unable or unwilling to moke any sign; and nothing can be more mad dening, under such circumstances, than to have people hush-sh- sliing, and whispering around, and creaking ab ut on the tips of their tecs. We have all sympathised in our hearts with poor Sir Leicester Dodlcek when his tongc j whs smitten with paralysis, with his sister con stantly bending over him with clasped haadi and murmuring, "He is asleep! "—till, goaded to desperation, he makes signs for his slate and writes, " I am not." 