OUR CITY LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide, November 3, 1884. Thursday'was a railway day in the Assem bly. The second reading of tbe Phillip's Ponds line was carried, while that of the Silverton line was introduced. The experiences of the day are not un worthy of notice. These two lines are the first concession to the prolonged demand yearly growing stronger for cheap railways. In a sense our railway s are a disgrace to us. 8uch elaborate and expensive stations and bridges that it has been the custom of our Bail way Department to provide for us are better fitted for older and wealthier communities than the needs of young communities. We want quantity rather than quality, and it is satisfactory to know thai at last what has long been contended for is being conceded by the Railway Department. Another feature was that the tecond reading of the Phillip's Ponds line was carried after only one speech in addi tion to that of the mover, and that was con tributed by Mr. Catt, who doubted the wis dom of constructing a line through, perhaps, the most miserable part of the colony. Cer tainly the Commissioner of Public Works did not attempt to describe it as a wilderness that blossomed as the roseor to persuade those listen* ing to him that the line would pay from the very first. Owing to the sandy nature of the soil between Port Augusta and Lake Wendabout, it is extremely difficult to conserve water, and, consequently, in dry seasons tbe route is prac tically closed. To span this it is proposed to construct a line on the 3ft. 6in. gauge for ten mile an hour traffic at a cost of £2,496 10s. a mile with a sufficient rolling-stock and pro vision for one year's maintenance. . The line will be 111 miles in length, involving a total cost of £278,400. The estimated revenue for the first year is not extravagant—£4,800 for goods and .passengers, or a loss of £804. On the other hand, estimates by those acquainted with the country and its probable trade place the revenue at a sum that will pav over 6 per cent, on the aotual cost. Settlement in those dreary, inhospitable regions has been anything but profitable, and it wiil be to the interest of the country generally that it should be made less expensive and uncertain. In addition to this there is not the slightest doubt that the construction of a railway will speedily turn caitle runs into sheep, while the leases which fall in in 1888 will bring an additional price for the same reason. The pace of the trains is slow, but, as the Hon. Mr. Tarlton, who has had a not particularly pleasant experience of this part of the country, observed some time ago, " Ten miles an hour! What would we not give to be assured of ten miles a day!" In the proposed line the only stations will be those at the permanent points, traffic will be picked up at sidings, and the trucks must be loaded by those desiring their use. In this way the keeping of a large and expensive staff will be obviated. Another stroke of economy will be in the utilization of the con demned rails at Port Augusta, which will do for ninety miles of the line and will recoup the Port Augusta Hail way loan to . the extent of £24,000. The line to Silverton is also to be of the cheap type—no bridges, little ballasting, and few and inexpensive stations—but the cost will be nearly £l,000 a mile higher than that of the previously referred to line, viz., £3,489 9s. 2d. As was anticipated, Petersburg has been selected as the point of departure, and if . the official estimate is correct the line will pay expenses eveu if not a single ton of ore is obtained from Silverton. In addition to this, the construction of the line will increase the value of the pastoral leases'which fall in in 1888. The opposition to the line ranges itself under two heads. There are those influenced by various considerations, who contend that the starting place should be elsewhere; while others,. again, are firmly convinced that the line .'will be a mistake— because it will develop New South Wales, which will get the increased amount under tbe Customs; or it is inexpedient, as South Australian carters already have the tirade, and the railway will simply take away their means of livelihood, and compel them to throw up their selections in the dry hundreds, which they are only enabled to keep possession of by their earnings on tbe road between Terowie and Silverton. It is. difficult to see what good purpose is expected to result from the introduction of the Education Sill, the second reading of which was moved by the Chief Secretary on Thursday. It will certainly entail a consider able waste of time, which can ill be afforded at the present stage of the session, and will evoke contending feelings, which cannot fail , to exercise a pernicious influence on our already anything but perfect system of edu cation. The only purpose that can be served by the throwing of this bone of contention amongst our trusty legislative watchdogs is, that they will probably so exhaust themselves over it that they will be disposed to deal in a complacent manner with measures more essen tial to the policy of the Government. At any rate, Bible-reading is to be an open ques tion, and the Chief Secretary trill rote against liis colleagues on this important subject; but that will not matter much, as.there is not a ghost of a chance of the Bill''passing, this session. In two or three other particulars the Bill differs from that introduced by Mr. Parsons last year. The former Bill provided for the raising of the fee to a shilling a week after the compulsory standard is reached, but this is not adopted in the present measure. The former required that the school fees shonld be paid to the treasurer, but this hands them to the teacher, chiefly because, as the Chief Secretary put it, some people regard it as meritorious rather than otherwise to cheat the. Government, and it is much easier for the teacher to en force the payment of fees than the Depart ment. The third important divergence from the Bill of lasc year, is that while that pro vided for the partial election of Board's of d.dvice, the present Bill does not alter the existing system of nomination. Both Bills contain the proposal to subsidise denomina tional schools, which impart the compulsory amount of education, the fee being fixed at 20s. for each scholar. This of course involves the inspection of private schools by the Go vernment Inspectors, and while an objection has been taken in some quarters to what has been called the thirst of the department for power in this direction, the proposed inspec tion is a necessary preoedent to the payment of the sub-idy. The Bible reading clause, which will be the point around which the conflict will be exceptionally warm, contains the very mild provision that a quarter of an hour's Bible reading in the Douay, Lutheran, or authorized version before the regular school hours may be conducted by ministers of religion or authorised laymen, attendance at which shall be at the option of the parents. As soon as the Chief Secretary resumed his seat, an attempt, subsequently repealed, was made to settle the Bill for the session by Mr. Bees, who moved that the House do now divide. For some reason members were not eager to put a stop to what is generally admitted can only result in a waste of time, and the debate after a rather dreary speech from Mr. Fox, who spoke as a Catholic repre sentative, was adjourned. Presumably a certain amount of honor is attached to being a member of Parliament, even in democratic communities and amongst professional politicians, and it is a matter for regret that fcbose who enjoy the distinction of having been selected to the highest distinction in the gift of the people, are not more careful to prevent that honor from being dragged through the mire by some of its not over scrupulous possessors. We heard a good deal of stupid nonsense from members of Parlia ment last session about the privilege of Par liament in connection with the exclusion of strangers from the House, and the hope was generally expressed then that some little attention would be given to the rights of the people when they seemed to come into contact with these privileges. Dating the past week we have had a little more of Parliamentary privilege, and the opinion may be ventured that the sooner this privilege is clearly defined the better it will be for those who have com mercial dealings with members of Parliament. Mr. Allerdale Grainger was served with an unsatisfied judgment summons to attend at the Local Court, but pleaded privilege of a member of Parliament to freedom from arrest for debt during the sitting of Parliament, and declined to put in an appearance. The Special Magistrate was inclined to think that the Local Court Act swept away this privi lege, and the matter is still under considera tion. It.is to be hoped, however, that either the honorable gentleman's constituents on the Peninsula or souie of those gentlemen who are certanly not honored by being his asso ciates will speedily take steps to bring under Mr. Grainger's notice the fact that a stricter conformity to ordinary morality would be seemly on his part. One lion, member lias assured me that if no one else will take action in the matter he will do so. Legally the Totalizator is dead, but sporting publicans and o'here, who regard nothing as sport unless it is associated with gambling, have been trying of late to evade the law by conducting;a speoies of totalizator consulta tions or sweeps. The" existence of these ^things has been widely known for some time past, but no action took our spori-loving police in the matter. One of these illegalities was carried on in such an unblushing manner in a public house in Bundle-street that attention was directed to it in'the columns of one of the dailies. But ■even then our long-suffering law upholders were merciful, and, did not desire to punish the wrong-doer;- He got a straight tip—in other words an officer was sent to him privately, and told him in effect that it did not mind so long as those cursed newspapers did not know anything about it, but since one of them had taken it up be must stop his little spec. | In spite of the lamentations over the speedy extinction of South Australian horse racing, which was predicted to follow close on the ; repeal of the Totalizator, two South Austra lian horses on Saturday won two of the most | important events in connection with the V.R.C. spring meeting. Jacobs' Kufus, formerly purchased for fifty guineas, has brought back the blue ribbon of the Victorian Derby to this colony, whilst the Mari I byrnong Plate has fallen to Zfewstead, who was bred by Sir Thomas Elder aud sold as a yearling for thirty guineas. It is said that the St. Leonards' people piled on their money on him, and will nett over £30,000 by his victory. Then a third race was won by Prince Patrick, who recently left the colony and became domiciled, in Victoria. Sporting of this kind is not my strong point, but I think it is exactly twenty years since a South Australian horse won the Victorian Derby. The interest in the cricket match between Shaw's Eleven and a South Australian Fifteen selected by Mr. W. O. Whitridge is not so great as would have been expected. Many people are getting tired of the unending pro* gression of big matches. The local men put 217 together before they were all disposed of. The engagement between the teams is that the match shall be played out, and judging from present appearances this will be a very bad arrangement for " our boys "—there is a sight of leather hunting before them between this and the end of the month. Seriously, the match has shown how weak we are in bowl ing, and I have heard that it is oh the cards to retain Flowers—a splendid bowler—in the colony as a coach. 