. ENHRANChMEMENT OF URBAfr LEASEHOLDS. , In an article published by us a few weeks ago the assertion was hazarded that before any satisfactory solution of the poverty, miserv. and overcrowding of the ?working classes in Loudon can be arrived at, the question of the proprietorship of land will have to be argued out and fairly dealt with. In commenting still moro recently on Lord Grey's proposal for an amendment of the law as to the liability of iiiQ owners of house property for tho condition of that property, we pointed out that, admirable in many ways as that proposal is, it does not touch tho great landholders of London. In this matter of freehold property in towns a reforma tion of some kind is urgently needed. How that reformation is to be brought about is by no means the least difficult of a series of intricate social and political problems which are claiming attention at the present time. In tho last session of the Imperial Parliament Mr. Broad hurst introduced a Bill dealing with th's question of town property. It . was entitled a Bill for the Enfranchisement of Urban Leaseholds, and its provisions were briefly as \ follows : — Should any lessee in a town desire to become tlie freeholder of his leasehold he must give the landlord notice to that effect, offering of course terms of purchase. Should the landlord persist in a refusal to sell, the matter may be brought before tho County Court, where a Jury of five ars to make an award as to price which it will be compulsory for the seller to accept and the buyer to give. This, of course, prac tically amounts to confiscation, and is, in fact, a partial effort in the direction of abolishing absolute private property in land. The Bill, needless to say, did not obtain much support in the House, but it pro bably opened the eyes of a good -many people to the urgent necessity for some alteration, and to the direction in which public feeling is gradually tending. Quito recently Mr. Broadhurst defended 'hfs measure before the Dialectical Soaiety, and in doing so gave one or two instances oi how the present system works. He mentioned one town— and no doubt there are plenty more like it — where the only bit of land not belonging to great landlords was the site ? of the Board school. Naturally all people wishing to live in that town aro absolutely at the mercy of the landlords. Next, viq have two cases in London. Two tenants —one a tradesman— desire to renew tHeir leases. The terms to the first wer.e — increase of ground rent from £10 to .£80,* fine of £1,400, and an expenditure of -£660 by the lessee on the premises.- The olher applicant had to pay £2 2s. for inf ormatioi, could only get a renewal of twentyffive years, must pay all .expenses, have his ground rent raised from £10 to £50, pay a fine of £8G0 five- years before expi ration of the present lease, and half re build the premises. So much for land lord's, mercy. ' And 'such instances could be multiplied dd infinihim. One West -End landholder . steadfastly refused for years (and it may be eo still for aught we know) to allow of a single Bchool on his estate; another objected to doctors in a certain district of his property. But by far the worst aspect of the case is the absolutely merciless treatment of tenants who desire to renew their leases, and the complete disregard by the owner* of the soil of every duty which is properly theirs. Of course it is easy to say that these great men' have agents who virtually manage their properties without reference to them, and that it h the agents who are really responsible for any hardship. But such a plea is worse than nonsense. If it 13 so, then the owner who suffers it to be so stands self- condemned, and it is absurd to suppose that agents fix the general lines on which properties are to be managed, though doubtless they do not refer every case to their patrons* If great landholders do not supervise1 these matters they ought to do bo. But no reasonable penion, however, doubts for a moment that the owners are, as a rule, perfectly cognizant of all fn- portant matters affecting their properties. The truth is that, while sufficiently tenacioua of their rights, and anxious to get the highest possible profit from their estates, they do not care to undertake the duties that their property rightly entail upoa them. Judging by their actions their desire is to get every penny they can out of their estates and do nothing in return. They neither build, nor improve, nor repair. All that falls upon the tenant. Every increase of population, all national1 proBperity, every improvement effected' by the expenditure of public money — one and all bring grist to their mill, but it is a mill which sends out no flour in return. Even the Times goes so for as to say that this one-sided state of affairs is wrong, and that tho very men who act thus on their town properties do not and could not act similarly on their country estates. It is not our intention here to touch the question of land in country districts — that change is needed there also has been amply demonstrated — but the question in towns is more immediately pressing. It is not difficult, to see_ how the present state of affairs acts and 'reacts until it closely influences the great question of housing the poorer classes, which ia occupying such a prominent position at present. Take the case of a lease of town land, say of ninety-nine years ; the term has nearly expired ; the landlord having received his rent has troubled himself no more about the matter y thp lessee being near the end of hia term loeka to his own interests and will not repair ; the buildings are falling into de cay, but while they still stand rent must be got for them. The original lessee has very probably sold his interest to another. ThiB tnp,Ti has bought as a speculation, and will make what He can, by foul means or fair, but will take very good care he does nothing to improve the property. His concern, is merely, that it should last hia timeout.- And so we have the tumble down-rookeries about which -the— public have of late heard so much. We are not saying that this is, as -some - would -make outjithe ^cause of- all ?; the poverty,, misery, and vice of great-towBtf — such a statement is absurd- oh the face of it -But M&do; asji^^^u^esi^tmgiy't^ittoja-^s^ 3eal to do with it. ' .ui;te;;;i $11 Nor moat - it be supposed that - *we .?mat to imply . that ; the great land* ? holders are tpsofodo worse than any body else. ; There are hundreds and hundreds o£ men who would gladly, and, as a matter of fact, do buy urban property simply for the purpose of making all they can out of it; and a small freeholder, provided he did not live on his property, would be to the full as prone as the great men to get every penny he can, regardless of the duties of his position. But then, beinj but a small monopolist, hewot'ldbeliableto be brought rudely to bis senses by finding his pro perty drjrease in value, bemuse others competing with him have better or cheaper wares to sell. There is no doubt that Mr. Broadhurat's Dill contains the germs of a reform which will one of these days become an accomplished fact. But anything Bavouring of confisca tioa very properly goe3 sorely against bhe Jain of the great majority of Englishmen, wever desirable the results may be. ^The question now is, will the great_land-._ holders themselves move in the: matter ? The Times: believes that the landlord; who j should do for town properly half what is -regularly .tlone in the coufltry' would! take altthe wind out.of Mr. Broadhurat's -sails. ' We can hardly assent to that ; but if . urban landholders should awake to -the: duties which their position involves Mr. Broadhnrst's vessel may probably sail Blower by many knots an hour. ' Geseeal Graham's Victory.— Another stage has been reached in the history ? of ! the ,-vraT in the Soudan. After victorio us .engagements'! and successful sieges El Mahdi's followers have met with a serious rebuff. The engagement is stated with sufficient minuteness in our tele^ama, so we need not dwell upon it here to any ? large extent. Suffice it to say that 10,000 Arab3, under the command of Osman Digna, the lieutenant of the Fabe 'Prophet El Mahdi, were defeated by Ies3 than half that number of British soldiers, under the command of General Graham. The Arabs fought with their accustomed bravery ; but this was met by a superior display on the part of the British, llore destructive and* more numerous guns, too, bore their share in this victory. The effect of thi3 engagement will most pro bably be a considerable falling-off in the followers of El Mahdi. He gained much of the esteem in ?which the Arabs held liim by the fact that fighting in his name native soldiers were able to overcome men commanded by English officers. When Hicks and Baker, for instance, advanced with their contemptible Egyp tian soldiera they were utterly defeated, and the consequence was that El Slahdi's prestige rose higher and higher in the Arabs' estimation, and they almost .to a man believed him to be the destined Saviour of the Soudan. But now these hopes must be somewhat lowered.' General Graham has- shown the insurgents that it is one ' 'thing' to defeat an Egyptian ariny com manded by British officers^ — another, and quite a different thing, to attack a British commander at the head of a British force. The lesson has come none to soon, and it is to be hoped that it will not be necessary to repeat it. That Eng lish, prestige has suffered is the fault of the procrastinating lukewarm policy of the Government. It is to be hoped that they will not cause the benefit of this action to be thrown away by nejlesting to take the proper . measures for following up the success. : AmSXVAXi ? OV ? TnZ ENGLISH MAIL AT Aibasy.— The R.M.S. Mirzapore arrived at Albany, from Colombo, at 1.15 a.m. on Sunday. Elsewhere will be found our telegraphic summary of news. TheHirza pore sailed for Glenelg at 7 a.m. on Sunday, and may be expected to reach Holdfast B3y about Wednesday midday. Mail Passejtgehs.— The following are the passengers by the R.M.S. Rosetfca for London: — Mr. Hcrry Baker, Mr. and Mrs. R. Searle and Mis3 Searle, Misses Maud and Bertha Searle, Mr. and Mrs. Fred. Ayers Master G. and J. Ayers, Misses Ayers (3), maid, and manservant; for Venice, Mr. Forbes; for Albany, Mr. Cornell. The Outwakd Mail.— The Rosetta, for the homeward mail, arrived at Glenelg on Saturday morning, at 6.25, after a fairly fine weather passage from Melbourne. She brought a quantity of specie for Adelaide, and Bailed thence between 6 at 7 p.m. The Yatala -Election.— Mr. Ihgster, one of the present members for the Yatala Dis trict, intends to stand again for its represen tation. THe M.M.S. Stdset.— Mr. Officer is the only . passenger booked to leave by this steamer, which saila from Largs Bay to-day. 'Victoria Regia.— During the past week the Victoria Re^ia in the hothouse at the Botanic Gardens has been in bloom. The plant is in fine healthy condition, although the leaves are not quite so large as they were last year. It is expected that another bud will blossom to-day, and as the flowers only exist for about twenty-four hours an early opportunity Bhould be taken by those who desire to see thfa beautiful exotic. FUNEBAL OF THE liATE MlSS CbOZIER.— The funeral of the late Miss Crozier, daughter of the Hon. J. Crozier, took place on Satur day, the 1st inst, at the Brighton Cemetery. The procession, which started from' Mr. Croaer'3 residence, Oakl&nda;, Start, at 3 p. m. , was a very large one, and the attendance at the grave included many old and influential colonists, as well as several of the attendants and near neighbours of the deceased, many of whom had received much kindness at the hands of one who will be greatly missed in the neighbourhood. Cestual Board ot Health's Report.— The omission of the word ' not' in the last report of the Central Board of Health, having reference to sanitary matters ? at the Burra, destroys the sense. The following sentej2£, 'When running the water is used' for drinking purposes,' should have ' not' Wore the word ' used.' . Voltjnteer Artillery.— On Saturday, March 1, B P^lie;7, under Major Fiveash, went through a portion of the annual course of gunnery practice. The firing wa3 under the aupervition of Lieutenant-Colonel Mathews, and in addition there were pre sentlientenant-CoIonels Makin and-Madley, Majors Claxton and Solomon,' Adjutant Woods, B. VJ?., Surgeon Stewart, Lieutenant Dean, and some visitors. Eighteen rounds oi shell wtre fired from the 61 pr. gaas with very fair result;. the direction of the shells was good, »id the whole of them fell close to the target, which wa3 the usual barrel with flag above. There was a good muster of gunners, who went through, their work with alacrity and steadiness. On the earns day A Battery, under Major Moody, ?was put through standing gan-drill, the nien displaying their usual intelligence and smartness. Robbisg Missionary Boxes.— It has been discovered that during the last week some thieves effected an entrance to the Congrega tional Schoolroom, Port Adelaide; and appro priated the contents of at least four mis sionary boxes, besides tampering with some others, the whole containing, it wa3 thought, & good sum. Some gasfitters have been exe cuting repairs in the schoolroom, and it is considered probable that tbe premises were left in an insecure state duung the progress of the work. There is as yet no clue to the thisves» . - 1 . Fopclatios of Victoria.— The annexed -inarterly ahstract, prepared by Mr. Hayter, the Government Statist, show3 the esti mated population of, Victoria : — In crease during the year — Males,. 35,578; females, tJ,982 ; total, 25,560.. Population on December 31, 18S3— Males, 493,053; females, 438,732; total, 931,785. The apparent increase of population in 1883 (25,560). exceeded that in 1882 by 1,567, and was also much above that in any other year since 1871 except 1880— the Exhibition year— when it was exceeded by 597. The increase by excess of recorded arrivab by. sea over recorded departures by sea (11,030) was greater than in the previous year by 150, not so larje as in 1880 by 631, but much larger than in any other year since 1870. The in crease by encess of registered births over registered deaths (14,530) was above that in 1882 by 1,417, was riightly below tint in 1879 and 1881, but was above that in any of the other years since 1874. Akbested foe Conspiracy.— On Saturday evening Mr. J. R. Dobson was arrested on a warrant, at the instance of a firm of city solicitors, for conspiracy in connection with the South Australian Photographic Com pany. Cricket. -At the Orai on Saturday the North Adelaides and Hindinarsh clubs met, the Former b3tting. After only having the moderate total of 117 runs for seven wickete the Norths, when time was called, had im proved that average to 8 for SO. For tha Phillips, Ayers, and Finlayeon were respon sible, the latter .showing jbme sensational hitting, and putting on 4£runs in abonttwenty minutes. At the other end ; the Norwoods and South Adelaides continued their match,' the. former JcpmpletibgT;hcir firstlrminss for 259, of .which Blinman. made 58 not oat. When-play was stopped-, the Sooths had lost, in, their second' essay, 2 wickets for 46 runs. : OiTB-RiqEST Cricketing Visitors,— We havcreceiyed Hie', following .letter, '?dated; March 1* from Mr.G. J. Hodgestth,e manager pro tem-of.the.Yictorian,team:--*i!Dear Sir ? I hare been; desired by the members of the! Victorian team of cricketersta express then warm thanks for the courteous treatment they have received on all hands during their stay in Adelaide; also for the splendid trophies presented by Mr. Oaborne to. mem bers of the team, and for the kindness and conaiderationJshown-byhinj.' ? ? The Temperance Body asd the Coming i Elections. — A meeting of electors . belonging to various . temperance organizations was held at Port Adelaide on Saturday evening, March 1, in the Working Men's Hall. The political aspect of the temperance question was discussed in all its bearings, and it was ; decided that if events at Port Adelaide during the elections -should render it neces sary, a candidate should be. brought forward specially to'represent the temperance . section of the community. ' . V.R.C. Autumn Meeting.— The first day's racing in connection with this meeting was held at Fleminston on Saturday, and as the I weather was fine and there were Indications of . a good day's sport the attendance -was ? larse. Proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, which was won by the South Austra. lian-bfed horse Joker after a good contest with the favourite Don Qaixote- TheHon J. White won three races with. 'Borgo, Martini Henry, and Salvo; but his|colt Segenhoe, who touched 3 to 1 for the Newmarket Handicap, failed to secure a place, the winner turning up in Malua (lats Bagot) who had- been heavily backed. Eighteen competitors pat in a claim for the Brunswick Stakes, and after one of the finest races ever witnessed at Flemington last year's winner, Anglesey, jnst beat Little Sister. A full telegraphic descrip tion from our own reporter appears in pjiother column. : \- Impeoved Doughmtxek.— Messrs.' Young and Smithj of Waymouth-streetj have manu factured what .appears to be a very strong ^d serviceable 'dough-mixing machine. It ia mainly constructed on the English' pat tern, but has some improvements. Thus, in stead of the ordinary knives used for mixing the dough in the box, six double beaters or aims stand out at an obtuse angle from the spindle, which revolves in the middle of the box, and mix the dough'more thoroughly than ?« i th 'the old apparatus. . The ' dough' in question is the ' lozenge-dough' used for making sweetmeats. ? The whole machine is iron' and steel, the box, which can be tipped when the contents are to be emptied, having a brass lining. The staybars are of wrought iron instead of cast-iron, as in most of the im ported machines. The driving power is steam, utilized by means of a belt in 4;he ordinary way. AH the cogwheels are' protected by semi-circular guards, thus ensuring safety in using the machine. Military Funeral.— On Saturday after noon, March 1, a military funeral was accorded to the late Mr.' Metiers, a' private in' F Company (Norwood) of the Adelaide Riflf s. There was a good muster of infantry men and the band. The coffin was placed on a guncarriage, and the procession Btarted at 3 p.m. from East-terrace, passing up Bundle and King William street, thence to the West terrace Cemetery. First came a company of infantiy, with arms reversed; the band, playing the 'Dead March,' under Band master Cushion ; then the guncarriage, bear ing the coffin, followed by a moarnin^-coach and the remainder of F Company. The scene was a very impressive one, rendered more so by the solemn strains of the sublime ' Dead March,' played admirably by the band. . A Jocular Defendant.— Some amuse ment was ch«-«— 1 in the City Police Court on Saturday morning by the conduct of a young man named Reginald George Lamb, who was charged with disturbing the peace by shoui ihg and yelliag on the Port-road at Hind marsh. On the charge being read over to him, he put on a stupid look and said, . parlez-vous Franqais, After some delay an interpreter was procured, but he found out that although Lamb said he came from Paris he could only speak an unintelligible patois. After the evidence against accused had been given he turned to the interpreter and whispered to ask if he should make a .tatement. On Mr. Bcddome intimating that if he did it in English he would only fine him half what he had originally intended, defen dant commenced, ' Well, -Your Worship' — but then burst out laughing, and the spec tators joined him heartily. Lamb was fined 35s. in all. Roads on the Peninsula. — Our Wallaroo correspondent says :— ' Owin» to a combina tion of unfortunate circumstances the lot of those who have selected scrub lauds within the past five years is anything bat'a pleasant one, owing to the shocking condition of the roads in many places, and owing to the re jection of the Roads Bill by the Legislative Council the last ray of hope has faded. ThoLe living in the Hundred of Tickera are amongst the most unfortunate, owing to the presence in many places of almost insur mountable sandhills. It will be remembered by some that when the last Roads Bill wa3 before the House (in 1879 I think) the road from Wallaroo to Peela Weela (the eastern ! portion of Tickera) was placed on the schedule. But, unfortunately, although the road was only something like twenty-five ? 'miles in length, it was in two districts. The first six miles, in the Hnndred of Wattaroo, was under the jurisdiction of the Penlusuh Board, whilst the remainder was in the North Midland District. The Peninsu'a within two years metalled the whole of- their portion of the road, but, although the road was most needful in the Hundred of Tickera, during fonr years the North Midland Board have only voted £500 for its repair, and as they failed to roll the road that, was made it has not been used, and so far as the district is concerned the money has been little better than wasted. Last year the residents, feeling that.they were not likely to get anything like fair play at the hands of the North. Mid land Board, petitioned the Government to have the whole of the road placed on the Peninsula schedule. The Bill shelved last session made provision for this, but as it was not passed, and this year 'fell amongst the Philistines,' matters remain as they were, with the difference that the North Midland Board refuses point black to make any provision , for the road. The reason assigned is that it has been transferred to the Peninsula Board. It appears that when the Bill was being framed last year, before the clause providing for the ' inclusion of ' the Hundreds of Tickera, Wiltunga, and Woknrna in the Peninsula District, the Government asked the approval of the North Midland Board. This was readily granted, and that body, although ths Bill never passsd the House, with a display of ignorance which . U only found in those who 'won't understan3,' maintain, that the road from -Wallaroo to Peela Weela has been transferred. The residents of Tickera have petitioned on ttc subject, pointing out that no transfer could take place until lalnew Bill passes the House, but 'their nrayers have been unheeded. The Commissioner of Publii Works has written, pointing on! that the Board had a right to maintain the road until the proposed alteration- was sanctioned by Parliament Batalthongh the Ministry have beaten a numerous and varied opposition on several attempts, the Nox-iH Midland Road Bjard has set them at. defiance, and has treated the Commissioner's lette- with the same amount of consideration that was accorded the communications from the settlers. It will ; thus be seen that more than ordinary loss and aunoyarce hws been caused to the Tickera people, owing to the fate of the RoadaTBill ; but I th:ik I may fairly say that a good deal of this migh- be removed if the Government were to take a stand with the North Midland Board, and insist either that they attend to their dnties, or else loae a sufficient amount of their vote to carry out a work which they have per sistently neglected.' Rekresehtaiiob of Albebt.— According to the Narraeoorte Herald Mr. H. L. Spring* of Hynam, baa been interj^ting himself in the approaching general election,' and has endeavoured to obtain candidates for the electorate of Albert. \Mr. Krichauff and Mr. Coles have written declining to contest thisTlistrkt, and we have been. handed the following -letter ;which/ Mr. Sprtgg has re ceived. ^'Adelaide, February ^1884. H. L. Sprigg,' Esq., Nairac6oite.^My dear Sir Many thanks for your in vitatioa on behalf of the electors of Albert asking me to become a - candidate at the forthcoming 'election. I regret that. I cannot accede to your, request. I have declined similar one3 for two' districts lately, having determined riot to; re-enter public life for the present. Excuse haste, a3 I am pressed; for time.— Yours very faith fully, W. H; Bundey.' There is soineT-fcalk of the electors of the dirtrict subscribing to send a local man to represent them in Parlia ment, and to pay him while he is there. If this is done it will Bbow that the electors axe in earnest about having loeai represen tatives, ? : ?-';'??',??' - ; ' ' ' Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria. — The thirteenth '' annual' meeting , of the members of the. Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria was held, at the head office of the : Society, : Melbourne,- on Monday last, February 25; It was reported that there had been issued for the year 'ended December 31 last ^2,427 policies,; assuring £710,940, xepre-i aenting an increase to . the annual revenue of: £22,166 14s. 10d^ The funds on January 1, 1883, amounted to' £161,^60 23.; on Dacember 31, 1883, to £207-920 7s.; increase for tbe year, ; £46,260 4s. lid. The income received daring the year from premiums was £92,075 14s. lid. ' for interest, 12,545 Is. 5d.; together, £104,620 ; 16s. 4d. The claims were seventy-three in number for £23,052 4s. 5d. ' ? ' Arrest op a Forger.— A clever capture of a forger was effected in the shop of Messrs. : John Martin & Co. on Saturday, March 1, whereby the .career of-a man named John James Donaldson, who had previously served asentencein the Stockade for forgery, was cut short, it i3 hoped, for some time to come. It appears that Donaldson, after bis release: from prison, went to.Sydneyi and stopped^ there for a few weeks. He then returned to ; Adelaide, and gained a living by forging! cheques in' the name of John Darling &' Son and passing them on different tradesmen in tbe city.' Donaldson, after passing a cheque on any one in. the. city, would at once leave; for one of the ? country- towns — Gawler, ; jKapunda, and: the Bdrra having each been 'visited in turn— and remain there until his money was exhausted. He would then, pay a visit to Adelaide, get off another cheque, and take the first means of getting away: again. This rendered bis capture so difficult that the authorities sent a detective round the icity to warn all the likely tradesmen, so that they might.be on their guard. Among the firms so warned was that of John Martin & Co., and ten minutes after Detective Burchell had left a description of Donaldson, he went into Messrs. Martin's shop and pur chased some articles, ' tendering a cheque on John Darling & Son in payment. This cheque was taken to the cashier, who examined the passer of it, and found bis description to agree with that of Donaldson, and in accor dance with instructions a- policeman was sent for and the man was given in charge. He will be brought up this morning at the City Police Court, when no less than eight charges will be preferred against him. Accident on the Nairne Line.— The lad, Michael O'Niel, 14 years old, who while working on the Nairne line was injured by an explosion of gunpowder' used in blasting, was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital oa Satur day, when it was. found that he had sustained a compound fracture of the thigh and injuries to his head. - ' - : ' ' ? - The Aixeged Steamer Race.— The follow ing, is taken from the Argus of February. 26: — 'With reference to the reported race between the Union S.S. Company's steamer Wairarapa and tho Adelaide S.S. Company's Adelaide on- Wednesday last, we are re quested to state that as far' as the' former Company is concerned the Directors- strictly prohibit racing. The account which was published m the Argus of yesterday as from a passenger by the 'Adelaide contains an erroneous statement, which would, if uncor rected, cast altogether undeserved bhtne on the Melbourne Manager of the Union Company in connection -with the matter. It is stated that ' the Wairarapa, which, was announced to sail on Tuesday, had determined to ha.ve a race with the Adelaide,- and ? that the agents had postponed the sailing of the Wairarapa so as to bring about the con test.* We are requested by the Manager, Mr. David Mills, to point out that this state ment is quite incorrect. As far back as the 12th inst. the Wairarapa was advertised to sail on the 20th inst, and the Adelaide on the *mh about.' On the 16th inst.; the Adelaide's sailing date was announced as the ' 19th .about.' Two day3 afterwards it was changed to the ? 20th,. at 4 p.m.,' and next day was again altered to : '5 p.m.,' the Wai rarapa having been advertised for nearly a week to sail at that time.. No change what ever was made in the Wairarapa's time during the eight days. She only arrived from New Zealand on the 19th, and sailed again, on the 20th. That there was a race is evident, but the inference that the Mel bourne Manager sanctioned or assisted it in any way, or even knew that such a race would take place, is shown by the facts to-be quite unwarranted. -It; is the intention of the Steam Navigation Board to hold an enquiry into the matter on the return-of the Wairarapa, which will be in about a month.' . The Reminiscences of a War. Corre spondent.— Archibald Foibes recently con tributed an interesting article to the Hjrigtish Illustrated Magazine. Towards the' close he writes :— ' I have seen Napoleon TTT. at the pinnacle of his hollow splendour, from the German picquetline on 2nd August,. 1870, I heard the distant cheering on the Spicheren berg that greeted Muf and the lid; whom he had brought frdmiletz' to -'.receive. that: day his ' baptism of fire.' Again I saw him on the monung:after- Sedan as the broken man —broken in power,- ini prestige,' in health, in spirits— sit with Bismarck on thfr grass-plot m front of the weaver's- cottage on tW Don chery 'road. Next morning I witnessed his departure ' into' his WUhelmshohe captivity. I have seen him doddering about Brighton, and strolling under the beechtrees that ^encircle CbMehurst Com mon. And for thelast tame of all I saw that stolid, careworn face, as it lay on the xaiaed pillow of the bier in the broad corridor of Camden: Palace; and when the face was no more:visible I witnessed the eoff'ti laid down in .'he little Chapel among the Chnlehnrst elmtrees. I knew the boy. of 't&e; Empire when the shackles of tHe Empire; ha3 jallea from his limbs, and he was no longer* buck ram creature, but a lively, nafoiral Ia9. '. My acquaintance endured into hia ? ! manhood. When the twilight was falling on the rolhag veldt of Zululand and Ms-day's' work in the stiff tent was' done, he liked; as it seemed to me, to gocsip with one- who knew- ttua outer side of thepidture' about' the early days of the 'Fnmcd- Qehnan war— a /war that had wrought, at once his ruia and nis emancipation, i And^ ?finally,: ^ poor gallant lad, 1 8aw dimly through' tears the very last of him asjhe. lay, ihere dead on; the blood stained sward by the Ityotyosi River, : with a calm,- proud smile on his face, and Bis body pierced by countless assegai staba Men have called his death ignoble. Petty as was the quarrel, wretched as was the desertion that wrought his fate, I call him, rather, happy in the opportunity of hii death.. Had he lived, what of artificiality, what of hollow unreality might there not have been in store for him. As it was he bad moved in the world a live ghost. Better than this, surely, to be a .dead hero— to end the Napoleonic ssrio-comedy with his yono? face gallantly to his assailants and his lifebljod drawn by the cold steeL' ERAisEfG thb Mormons.— A. writer in the North American Review published a warm plea for the Mormons, whom he extoh as being, contrary to general opinion, of all people most strict in their ideas of morality and virtue, and in their regard for and pro tection of female chastity, and remarkable in their freedom from destitution and prosti tution. ? ? ? - : A Precocious Pbisck. — The London corre spondent of the Manchester Guardian has wonderful account of the linguistic aptitude and achievements of the Crown Prince of Portugal, who is only a few weeks over 20 years «f age. He has already acquired a private library of some 40,000 volumes, con-, taining many rare and precious editions of the leading authors of the world? bat he: promises, in addition, to develop into tbej Mezzofanti of his age, for he not only speaks, English with competent facility after no more than two years' study, but converses in'. no fewer than fourteen languages, so ihat he is the master approximately of all the lan guages of 'Etrope. I -.,v- :'?'[ ' ! 'AnSc'Oit Goob Cometh Cu* of Bad.'; —Even, the recent terrible convulsions ii' Java have not been altogether unproductive; of good. Latest accounts state that the volcanic eruptions in Java have helped for-! ward agricultural work in some parts of the' neighbouring islands. Lands that were covered with ashes are likely to become very fertile, and already the agriculturist ia at work and using the ash as a manure. Trcci and plants are said to be growinz luxuriantly with the. aid of these ashes, and the increased productiveness of the soil will be one result of the earthquake. What Peo:p£e READ.^-An American ' in terviewing reporter' has. been sent by the; Editor of the New; York' Tmwi to test' the interest taken in political matters of tbe first importance. He waited upon a certain number of the leading bankers, merchants, lawyers, and other professional- men for the purpose of ascertaininghowmanyof them had read the President's Message.. The reporter ma3eS24 visits. He found that out of £21 readers -of the New York Times, belonging to the most intelligent and best - informed f-lynipg, 108 had read the Presidential Mes sage from beginning to end, while 50 had read parts of it, and 189 had not read it at all. A Lively School.— Dancing comes too easily to school children in Russia. From Moscow a singular outbreak is reported in the schools— an epidemic of St. Vitus's dance. It appeared first in the girls' school in the Basmannaia quarter and showed itself — the account says 'simultaneously,' thongh on that point evidence may be required— in eighteen different houses in which schoolgirls reside. As Attempt at Cremation.— An extra ordinary scene took place on the top of a Welsh mountain the other Sunday. The in habitants of the Vale of Glamorgan were Btartied by. witnessing flame3 ascending from the sammit.of a mountain near the town of ; Llantrissant. About a thousand people made their 'way to the top, and lu the jnidst ; of a centre of fire. saw an aged phyabian named Price, standing, robed in white, chanting a Di aid funeral hymn. Dn Price has long assumed what he cal's the dres3 of the Druids. The people presently discovered that the body of the doctor's own child was in the midst of the flames, and they became greatly excited. The police having sechrad the doctor, the crowd rushed forward and snatched away the corpse, which ? they con veyed to the Llantrissant Police Station. It should be stated that the hill on which the attempted cremation took place was the doctor's own property. Subsequently Dr. Price was charged at Pontypridd with the attempted cremation of bis infant child, and the case-was adjourned for the police to obtain the instructions of the Public Prose cutor. He. demanded that the infant's body should be handed over to him, and on his un dertaking to. give it a decent burial the Magistrate made an order1 to that effect. Use- of Beer in Hospitals.— The extent to which beer ia being' prescribed in the hospitals, of Paris has led to a little un pleasantness between the management of the 'Assistance Pablique,' in whose hands the hospitals, are, and-'the .stiff of those institu tions. The management points' out that beer comes neither under the head of nutriment nor medicament, and that therefore they, can not pay for it out of the funds of the de partment. Lately the orders for beer have been refused when presented, and the doctors have protested. They say that they consider beer both .nutritious and medicinal, and therefore they regret ita suppression by the management. The protest h signed by all the leading doctors in Pan's, and the question of beer seems about to become as' important a one as it is in our own workhouses. If the doctors are going to combine with the licensed victuallers, who knows what new turn the great beer question may take ? Fortunately, in this country, there seems to be an increasing tendency on the part of the profession in the other direction, ? ; Sudden Death of a Horse from Sxake bite.— The following account of a sudden death from snake-bite is furnished to the Belfast Gazette in a letter from Mr. A. S. Lane :r~' Allow me to direct public attention to the venomous nature of snake poison at the present time. On Monday last my son, on my farm at Grafton, Ecssiebelle, when in the act of driving some horses for the purpose of yarding them, observed one oi them— a valuable one, and worth not less than £30— make a sudden jump aw..y from a large tiger snake. He immediately endeavoured, and after some difficulty p-ad two escapes from being bitten, succeeded in killing the .reptile. In the 'meantime he observed the horse He down fifty yards distant, and thinking it was in the act of rolling, he completed his task of killing the snake before going to it ; but when he did so, to his surprise, he found the horse quite dead. My son is quite certain that three minutes did not elapse from the time the horse jumped from the. snake till he reached the spot where it by. This seems a most prolific season for snakes, as my sons have succeeded in killing seventy-three rep tiles, a valuable dog in their possession, of the setter breed and only about twelve months old, having found thirty-eight and assisted in killing many of the number.11 ? . ? Welsh Social.— Aspcialmeeting of Welsh men will be -held in tire ' Flinders-street Presbyterian. Lecture JBall -this evening in celebration of St. David's Day, : Christian' Crusaders. — A, meeting of the friends of the 'Rev. A; TurnbuJl will be held to-night af 8 t-'dock, in the. Crusaders'. Hall, yictoria:square. , - ; - ' . _:. ' National 'Liberal Reform League.-- A. meeting wiil.be held this evening. - : 'South J Australian Rrjis; AssocitniEf. — Riflemen will have an opportunity of seeing the programme of matches in conoeetdon with the annual, prize meeting of the above Asso ciation _ next 'week. ^ The prizes offered, for competition, particulars of which will appear in the programme, will be received up to Friday next. ? .j ..??;.-. Meeting of Stockowners.— Kslative to onr repoii of the meetinz of stockowners held on Friday, Mr. H. S. Price requests .U3 to irentionthatit was he, as attorney foe Messrs. W. J. and J. H. Browne, and not Mr. J..H. Browne, yrho wrote regretting they could not attend, and stating that they were utterly opposed to any relaxation of the guarantee regulations, but would rather Bee'them made more stringent ? 1 ... ?.''''.? . - Rowisa— In one report of the final heat of the 'Ranks' Tyial ?-'(n'T!» thn1nTfrg?n1ffnry snpTild have read : — 'Thftdiabmoftirarincreased at the Oxford Shedto- about three -lengths, *nd here it was apparent that the. superior style and physique . oi Jkopby and his No. 3 -were more tian counteracted by ; the weak condition' »nd bad form oF Mar other tnenx ?'?Hammond pa^ed;;the 'Bridge; fcrar lengths' ahead and ^?oixeaarryy'^.' . '-'/? ' ?. :- / ': ' : t' MiBS BURTEJT AT POKT ADELAIDE.— This talented pianists is announced . to give a piaifoforte.recital at the Port Town Hall on Tuesday evening. The programme includes the* exquisite sonata by Beethoven given last week by Miss Barnett in the Adelaide Town Hall, as well as Thalberg's iantatia on the prayer from 'Mose.' ? .^-7 - ... . . - ? 