TUBF GOSSIP. By Acocb. Pleasant, indeed, was the afternoon spent at Coalfield onSaturday, and nobody seemed to enjoy the oating more than the numerous body of ladies that patronised the stand en closure there. It was very thoughtful on Mr. Bond's part to have the grass mown, and, as as everybody escaped damp feet, the worthy secretary's attention was fully appreciated fay the sterner as well as the weaker sex. The heather in the centre of the coarse had been removed, but its demolition was referred to with regret, for its presence always lent a charm to the scen^ especially when pretty wild dowers were in bloom. Its place has been taken by conch grass, which has already begun to Bhow itself, and by the time the spring meeting comes round the V.A.T.C. trysting - ground will present a most beautiful picture. I hope, how ever, Mr. Bond is not going "to allow the season to pass without putting in more trees. An avenue of oaks or elms, and a few more planted between the western end of the stand and the ring, would help to beautify the grounds, and would add a welcome shade lor visitors during the summer months. It was by planting elms and Moreton Bay figs that the M.C.C. ground was inadeso popular, and Mess re. Bagot andMoore were alive to the fact at Flemington, where planting is still going on. Money expended this way qnickly brings a return in the shape of increased attendances. Among those present was Colonel Ben Williams, who seemed to take an interest in everything that passed, and though the bill of fare was not a sumptuous one, I think he was well pleased with all he saw. Merri was on his best be haviour in the Hurdle Race, started first favourite, and won all the way. How dif ferent to that exhibition which he treated us to at Elsternwick- park only a short time ago. Ah 1 how unscramble ate the ways of some quadrupeds. What tales they could tell if they had only been gifted with the power of speech. At Elsternwick Merri couldn't get a place in a very moderate field; at CaulfiSd, in far better company, he led the field all the way. Perhaps the explanation lies in the improvement in his condition ;at ail events, this - is what King his jockey, attributes the metamorphosis to. Concord, who ran secand^^sbrou^rtto the jMsfcui ex^ but h^hndn't the most ofa show with Merri, who is far above the ordiiiaiy run of hurdle racers. Whatever may, be said in favour of thepontinuanoe ,of nniateur, steeplechaser must be confeased .that'jhe Victoria Hold ( _ wash failure. Three starters, and only one to get round without a mistake, is not good enough for 100 sdvs.; ahd l fully expect to see this item erased from the card next year. The bracelets were greatly admired by the ladies,whp.discussed the tsuccessof thp fair —*— "afternoon tea," which the caterer provided ip the retiring-rooinfl at the rear of . the steqjl. The style in which The Ghost.won_ the Ladies' Trophy stamps him as .about, {he best ofamal Hamlet, has yet; pHidugaL ' The tl^, bracelets. pre vida faflSl ;,grekt'%redit tipon,, % tastes, .of those who had the selec tion, ' M,. though' the first prize was more valuable thka the 'second raid thjrcL they iwlsxa* quits fcpiaV in beauty, and perhaps themost appropriate of the three wasfhat received by Mrs. Donald Wallace. The; Stee|>ltehaae^hEg. nothing ^v«y^grad contoi^and worth all .the trouble t^aw^i to witness. Mr. James Paterson now and then picks up a useful crumb of fcbinfort at Caulfield, aim hebad a real gobdthfhj' Black .D^miond lor the, Ricbmopd.Ha ^There was something of a' coincidenoa in connexion with the Ladies' Trophy. Last a horse named The Ghost won,Mr. the third 'This year a .—.—... alsonamOd TheGhost, won: .ahorse Pearsoh's was second, and M. 0 Brfen roue the third.' • ' •, It is said that the eccentric old Duchess, who races in England *Wd&rthe; heme of "Mr, Monton juas EjmJFred Archer a lump aum of £6,000 to hkvfe the fourth call #u1lia services as a Jockey. his first three magters bfttprf the Duke of Portland, Lord HaBtinks. ^W 'tiie Duke of Westminster. tmm^/'niust has forwarded me an account of the North western Jockey Clob meeting. Previous to its celebration, Mr. M'Rea's grey mare Appari tion, by Sir Jamea Fergusson from Miranda, beat Mr, MTherson's Star of the South in a match for £100 aside. Several horses that went from this side figured at the meeting, and most of the good things fell to them, the chief winners being Cynic and Two of Hearts. The former will be remembered as a good looking horse by Yattendon, and was formerly Owned by Mr. J. O. Inglis, while the latter is by Tubal Cain from Ace of Hearts, a mare that has produced several "winners. My in formant tells me that Two of Hearts is now a great, raking, fine colt, and his owner thinks,so much of him that some day he may send him to Victoria to uphold die hononr of Western Australia. I'm sure he would be gladly welcomed. On the first day Cyme won the Itoeburne Plate, and .next to him toae Kinsman, another son Of Yatthndon. Mr. M'Rae, who owns Cynic and Two of Hearts, ran first and second with them on the second day, in the Queen's Plate, and previous to this Two of Hearts had won the Ladies' Purse and the. St Leger. Mr. MTherson's Star of the South was also successful at the meeting, which, on the whole, seems to have been very successful Mr. Basil Gray has sold his horse AbuSe, by Slanderer from Jauitress, to Mr. C. Wheeler, of Corryong, and this useful-looking descendant of Traducer will stand in the | Upper Murray district. Barcaldine, who was about the best horse in England a short time ago, has turned " savage," but, under the treatment of the great German horsetamer, Lofiler, his temper has greatly improved. Until Lofiler took him in hand he was altogether unmanage able. A correspondent forwards mfe borne sugges tions for the y.KC. to adopt. Visitors to the hill often have some difficulty in finding out whether; a winning jockey has weighed in correctly or not, and the result of a protest is equally difficult to discover. He suggests that a white flag should be hoisted when a jockey has Weighed in all right; that a red flag should be hoisted if there be a protest or a jockey short of weight, and a black flog if the first horse be disqualified. He also complains that the numbers hoisted to denote the first, second, and third horses are not large enough to decipher from cer tain portions of the hill, and suggests that they should be twice as large as those which are used to denote the starters. Seeing that the bill is one of the V.R.C.'s chief sources of revenue, I think the visitors thereto are entitled to he considered in the matter, and in deference to their patrons, the committee might make the desired alterations. Flemington trainers complain that no at tempt has yet been made to increase the ] number Of rubbing-boxes on the .training ground. If something is notdone before the spring time,, trainers will be very much in convenienced, for the number of homes from the other colonies will, in all probability, ex ceed all previous years, while the local train ing establishments are more fully occupied than ever they were. Another complaint is that there is only one gate for ingress and egress for horses in training. Trainers, whose stables. lie to the eastward of the course, suggest that the gate near the abat toirs should be made available. This would be a boon to them, as, at present, they have to come a good deal out of their road, and often endanger lives limbs through having to cross the training-track while gal loping is being indulged in by other horseB. I am sure it is only necessary to point out to | the V.R.C. the necessity for these improve ments to insure their being effected. Wagga Wagga is always in favour, with racing men, ana they will be glad to see that the programme, which appears in the ad-, vertising columns this week,.is unattractive one. Full particulars are notgiven, but they j will be provided shortly. In the meantime I may point out that the Wagga Gold Cup again occupies the most prominent {dace, the added money being 300 so vs., and. Mr. F. Chisholm follows the good example set by other residents of the district, and gives a gold cup value 100 sovs. Probably the next most interesting item is the Ladies' Bracelet, value 100 sovs. As a believer in women's rights I'm glad to see this in the programme, not that the ladies of Riverina require anything extraneous to arouse their enthusiasm in the cause of sport, for they are as fond of it as are the ladies of Melbourne. The most exciting demonstration I ever saw made by the fair sex was at Wagga, when He. John Tait's colt Melbourne won, and it was so genuine that when a deputation of ladies demanded Mr. Tait's jacket and cap and toue th em up to wear upon their breastBthe veteran sportsman Was so overcome that tears rolled down bis cheek. Mrs. C» M. Lloyd, the respected wife of the most popular sports man in fiiverina, has been the first to break the ice, and die has generously given a brace let, value 100 sovs.. for the winner of this year's trophy, and the second and third are to receive trophies valireSS bovs.' and 15gova. respectively., . There are other, attractive events, notably the Sires' Produce -Stakes, to which the onramra of sires contribute 130 sova and the club 100 sovs. Then there are the Town Plate ttf'|50 .'sovs., Grahd Stand Han dicap of 100 bom, Steeplechase of 100 sovs.. Hurdle Rape of 75 sovs., Maiden Plate.of 75 sovs., and other items. Entries for the principal-events close <on the 15th August. . . ; Mr. Cox has received capital entries for the meeting that is: to take place, at "Moouee Valley on Tuesday next, July L In the July Handicap there me engaged, *nd inthe Coronation Handicap 12, while the Steeple chase, Maiden Plate, and Selling Race have all fillefl welL The Maiden Plate has not a first-class" lot engaged, and perhaps tire winner will come from Shbkla or VAsoo. For the June (? July) Handicap, The Ghost has been awarded tire post hf honour, but I prefer MnwtBUABCd and Megby Fenegla. The {Steeplechase shottld go to M&p; o^'wns' Misr or Glehbpbit; th£ SeUinjg dlace to H^raiBAi. or EojpkboBi and PASthwoo,, Wotonqa, and Pantos may fill the places for tire Coronation Handicap., > . w r ' ! While runnihg for the Jtichmond Handicap on Saturday last, Uproarious split his foot badly1, and was ygfo lame fifforwatda- , Mr. H. W. Elwe8, who has for some time occupied the position: of secretary: to tire Wilcannia Jockey Club, attempted to commit' suicide on Monday evening, by shooting bim aelf with a revolver. He was taken to'the Melbourne Hospital, wherfnb lies matiritipoJ condition. ^ v. 1;- H The Bairnsdale winter meeting fsfixedfor Thursday, July 3L .Entries for the handicaps close on the Ifith July. •. • ^ •*: The first grertthrtee-year-old race to he debided ' in Victoria next Betreon is the.C&m; field Guineas, and aa aome of the Derby can didates are engaged, the result will doubtless be watched with considerable interest. It is unfortunate that the Hon. James White has but one representative, and that i8 Tremando, but.Mr. VV. R. Ball has both Garfield and Lord Exeter m> end Mr. A. F. Smart's Cairn gorm and others ^appear in the list, -so that the sister colony is ukely to be well re sentod at-Caulfield.: In the South Austra, division-are 'Mdnded Hlosipn and •H&lene;, ] fcut tberfefo notnlhg, except David, approach-] ing first class among the yictoriana, unless something comes from the dark lotengaged. Mr. Davis tells me that be doesnotintend to do much With David in public durmgthe early spring*' but if all goes well with him he mayBcartthe colt for theGuineas, and as he is partial to the, coprse hfe may again.re ward hisownjerwithavjctory.. » . Mr. Thomas Haydon has been "busy of late superintending several improvements in the course at Elsternwick-park, and from per sonal inspection I can safely «ay that before the spring meeting comes round it will have undergone a transformation which will be gratifying to all connected with it A new weighing-house has been erected, and secret tary s office and stewards' room are attached, the room formerly devoted to " the secretary having been converted into a members' lavatory and cloak-tbofn. The: planting of trees and shrubs has received due attention, the lawn has been considerably unproved, ana ladies can promenade without interruption., Before the spring arrives several alterations' will be made in the Btarid, and as by that time the track, which at present is soft and muddy, will be clothed in a sward of grass, Elsternwick-park Will bewelt worth a visit. One important addition to the grounds will be a steeplechase course, and EL Chifaey, T. Corrigan, and J. Scobie, Who accompanied the secretary on Monday last, gave him some use ful hints as to the "position of the fences, which will number seven, so'that iwa two mile rabe, there will be 14 jumps, three of them beihg close to the stand, one ine&ch; bend, and two on the back stretch. Every lover of a good horse will, I am sure, regret to hear that Mr. John Lee has lost his impprtedthoroughbredsireScamp. Itisonlya fewweeksago that I saw him bidl,500 guineas for him, and having secured him, he fondly believed that he had at last obtained a horse worthy to fill the place of his favourite sire, Kingston. Scamp, who was by The Rake from Lady Sophie, by King Tom, was a good performer in the old, country, and, being a well-grown horse, with excellent action, he would, doubtless, have proved a valuable ac quisition to the studs of New South Wales. . The weights for the Melbourne Cup are anxiously looked for by the sporting world, and Us they make their appearance on Mon day next, those interested have not long to wait to be gratified. 1 suppose there will be the.usual accompaniment of grumbling, which seems to be inseparable from the publication of important handicaps. The Caul field Cup will follow on the succeeding Monday, and as Mr. Barnard will by that time have had time to digest a printed list of his Melbourne Cup handicap, he may be able to amend any little error that he may have fallen into. The Metropolitan and fEawkesbury Handicap will help to provide food for discussion at the fireside during the long winter nights now prevailing; The Grand National weights will also see the light on Monday, and these will be devoured with avidityj especially by those who delight in the jumping business. Next week, therefore, is likely to be an exciting one in sporting circles. The Williamstown Racing Clnb Bpring meeting will be held on the 10th November. At the Wellington (India) races in May, Viscount,1 Brown Bess,: Knight of Giyn, Elma, Albatrossj and The Skipper, all Aus tralian horses, won. Brown Bess, who won the Service Stakes and Wellington Purse, is, I think, a Kilmany- park-bred mare. " From the Bangalore Spectator (says an Indian exchange) we-learn that. Southall, trainer to Mr. Apcar, of Calcutta, arrived in Bangalore on Tuesday evening from Aus tralia, where he has been endeavouring to purchase a first- Class horse pr two for the above-named gentleman, hut without success,; as owners of first-class animals there prefer retaining them for breeding purposes, rather than dispose of them, although long prices were offered for" several by Indian buyers. The owner of Fryingpan (one of the finest" colts ever bred in . Australia) refused £1^000' for him ; £800 was also offered for Morpeth^ who ran second in the Australian Cup last . March; .arid a like sum was offered for several other good performers, but was re fused. We believe, however, (hat Southall has left ah order for the purchase of two or three good, colts to bp shipped over held the latter end .of this year. Watson, trainer to H. H. Maharajah of Coocli Be liar, who has been to Australia on the same errand, will, we understand, also have to return empty-, handed. Uidess something can be brought over that is really Al, it is far better 'to re frain : from: purchasing rauy second - rate animals, as we have now. in India some of the, brat horses ever foaled in Australia, including Mistaken, Gudarz, Somerset, Ween, Sylvanus,; First Water, and several others. Weekes wilLno donbt,pickup something good for, the Faikpara stable, but unless it has been shipped ere thus, Dignum will have his work cut out to get it ready for this season." The reference to the quality of the Australian horses atjpresent in.India js just a little over drawn. uver a distance of ground euch animals as Darebin and Commotion could, give any one of them 211b. and a good beating. I hope therefore that Indian sportsmen will not imagine for a moment; that they are possessed of "some of the best hopses ever foaled ih AustraliflJ' They can-, not get them, for the simple reason that they will not give tbejprioe asked for them. Fit and well, little Sting would be able to give a' good account of anything now in India, and X . only hope that he will retain his form, in the event ofwhich I shall have no feat as towhlch' boms will gainthe championship in the. East Southall certainly did offer £1,000 for Fryingpan, and I believe a similar Bum was ' offers for Morpeth, but Indian purchasers'' will have toPpringa hundred or two if they , desire to get possession of such performers. " : The Numurkah Turf Clubpiet on Monday,' and decided to erect a grand .stand before the next race meeting^tisn asjnfbximate cost of £150. The course milplfrEmost probably be great foi^ c From^WM^SSejl^^^iMUC thatiMessr&i; Robinson and: Laucehave purchased Wel come Jack,nand tM'sbn of Ttadueer now occupiea ipince in thteGftp-Jod&e; stable.It ;is swd tiiat like what his nexv owpera considers fair, weightfortheMelbpiume Cup I»e- will come. foi%ctoria,-. :stod kill be ^accompanied by" Eakatos, OudBU,: and LiverpooL Krupp,*i»"J joraek Musket ^t^^^e Jforthdrn Island. Jockey Club"" spring framed nponanunusn • ri Another xnmohr from l :effe^ Iftat1 horned cattle have: likermunoratiVej to separate thetthleav and. disposing o: taee. . am clad to li aVnboolm mtoovi. . ; Messrs. W.C. 4 fold the hurdle race mare Musidora, by Panic, to an Indian buyer. . The Bendigo Jockey Club spring meeting Bos been fixed for Wednesday and Thursday, November 26 and 27. _ , G. Burton, who was so seriously injured at the V.A.T.C. meeting on Saturday last, still lies in the Alfred Hospital in a critical con dition. Upon examining him the doctors found that his skull bad been fractured, and Ihe remained insensible until Tuesday morn ing, when he showed signs of improvement Most fortunately for Burton he took out a policy in the Accident Insurance Company ion the previous Thursday, and during his ill-1 in ess he will receive t'5 per week. It is a pity Saturday next will not fall on the 4th instead of the 5th of July. If it- had, our American cousins could have celebrated their independence at Elslernsvick-park. The entries for the meeting to be decided there close at Mr. T. Haydon's office, 100 Bourke street, at 4 p. in. on Monday next. The pro gramme consists of six events, the first being a Maiden Trot, for which two heats will be decided before the more legitimate sport com mences. The Midwinter Handicap of 50 bo vs. will be run over five furlongs, and is to "be followed by a Hurdle Race of 50 aovs. Maiden Hunters' Hurdle Racethen t Selling Race of 50 sovs., halt a mile; and, finally, the Elstern wick-park Handicap of 75 so vs. In referring to the Maiden Hunters' Hurdle Race last week, I con founded it with a stake to be run at Moouee Valley. This event is open to all horses which have never been placed in an open steeplechase or hurdle race, and Mr. H. Skinner presents the winner with a hand some j'ug and salver value 50 guineas, while Mr. T. Gaunt will give the rider of the winner a very pretty pin. In connexion with this meeting I have been requested to state that only bookpiakers licensed by the V.R.C. will be allowed to ply their calling at Elstern wick park, and business will be confined to the paddock, the lawn being reserved for prome nading. Colonel Ben Williams has been in vited to visit the grounds, and for his special edification there will be a parade of imported and colonial trotters. As some of these are of the stamp required in India, our gallaut visitor will doubtless take some interest in the ceremony. Derrett, the New Zealand jockey, lias gained a better record than any Australian jockey during the season that is now passing away., Altogether be had 116 mounts ana won 56 races. In these days, when good horsemen are not. very numerous, Australian owners might,give this accomplished jockey . an opportunity of displaying his skill. He will remain here for some months, and will visit the Hawkes bury, A. J.C., and V.A.T.C. meetings. I paid my customary visit to the Flemiagton training-ground daring the week, and wit nessed a fair amount of work, but nothing sensational transpired. I saw the hurdle racer The Agent for the first time, and was greatly impressed with this handsome little son of Slanderer. He possesses all the beautiful quality of his relative Calumny, i and though put together in a small compass, i What there is of hirn is all good. Commotion was cantering, but as he still sweats freely when he comes on to the course, I doubt if we shall ever see him at his best again. Stornoway can easily be recognised as a relative of Pollio's, and Duration moves bettor than he did last season. Hazard, who is engaged in the Maiden Hnrdle Race at the Grand National meeting, did some schooling with Batty on his back, and then, with a light lad up, ran Tound the tan as fast as some of the flat racers. • Warlock, who is in work again, was cantering on the outer track, and I should like to see Mr. Selman bring this good-looking son of Kelpie to the post in his three-year-old form. The more I Bee of Ragman the more I like him, and I think Vasco is a usefol colt. After watch ing the proceedings on the training-ground, I Btrolled up to Pytch ley-lodge and had a look through Mr. S. G. Cook's establishment. _ He has now got together quite a strong string, including Anglesey, The Joker, and Basilisk, all of whom Beem to be wintering well. Among the youngsters is a smart little colt by King of the Ring from Zenobia, and I liked very much Remus, by Gang Forward from Romula, a good-looking chesnnt, though the descendants of the New Warrior mare nave not as yet distinguished themselves on the turf. Elizabeth Garrett, by Gang Forward from Emily Faithful, should be one of the Bpeedy sort, and as her dam is by Ihe celebrated Lecturer, per haps this youngster will prove stouter than many of the Gang Forwards. :, Sicily/ by Gang Forward from ftueen of Napies/is- another. grandly-bred youngster, ahdi as mood mares both of these fillies may some day prove very valuable. A bay colt by Maribyrnong from Alexandra takes more after - Bcriardothan anything I've seen for some time, and this is explained br the factof his gmnddam being a daughter of the:sonnf Orlando. Tenders iop the right of catering at, Flemington close oh Monday, If is rib use disguisihg the fact1 -that' a gteat deal of' difc- ! satisfaction h as Ijekn Expressed bythe public during the pUstSea§ohjand if the members of' comhut$teao not make* better urmugbffienta for next Season they will tkise • a hornet's nest about theit 'pttra ■ heuwH frequent complaints about thfe'Ouality of t liquor bbthrit FleihiiigtOi?' Oilfield/' Chippenham, Australian Court/ had Banye nong have beehscratched fofc Moouee^ Amongtllife Jato^dverfcisfemenlB this Week will-be fouhdthe progteMm^AheV.A.T.C. August .MeetfbjgE It'iB' fcbbit and "sweet and web worth peftiial by the foRd weterif ' the turf. Ihe wiief 'item in the programmers' the Grand National Steeplechase, of 0Q&6OVS. A Sapling Stekte Of 76 kova/. three Jurtonge,1 will give theriwheira Of'iwOtyeir-bldB'af] , opportunity Of atret^ih^>%e4^i ,0f;,ih^irj '..—an. ...H. i„J„—-l";. utlx TT-lil*!..''! andBaluclava Stakes of 100 sov^. 