ELLEN. " But, Bill,' it's eighteen months now since: you heard from the girl. She may be spliced to a potato miner in her native village by this, and not giving the gold miner 10,000 eirestsway a second thought.;: i b 2 a fear, Eb: there's no 'go ? back in Ellen. You don't know her. She'll stick to: me like cement, and when I get this thou sand-ouncer, which is waiting somewhere for , eto:lunearth, I'll cut'straight foi hbmie and , ::"es . jour. style to a hair. .You're just df? H oo3 on ;that girl:h, Every prospect you wash is for Ellen. You pick and shovel, cradle and pan-all for Ellen. Now, wouldn't you curl up and snarl if some;other bloke stepped in and sneaked her off?" " There's no need to trouble about what'I do, because I'm just as sure of her as if I had her by my side all these months. So t et ascloseithe subject, and go and:see what's momving atd Mac's. " A'right. I'm sick o' this foolin', any hoW ," We're fast' mates, whatever comes, eh,ol? boy9? . . , " We are, Eb." S ,,.Ancd true friendship was in the firm clasp of, their hands and. the glint ofttheir eyes as 'the words were spoken. : ' \- ,:Wiljiam' Wright, the 'elder of thi two, a, tail, handsome young Englishman, had left 'theold country threeyears previously,reckon. 7,..;ing 6n wlining a fortuneout h'ere, and re ,,turning again to his sweetheart in, about eighteen months. A short experience had S'ta"a'ht :him'the fallacy of his calculation, but if perseverance and' liard work could have won success, he would soon have been : biack"?hoine wealthy; for,' 'as Eb said, he'idig, .hauled,' and? washed with the gone object in view, that every ounce of gold brought him nearer to 'the brown-haired 'little lass who had sworn constancy to him . ahundred times before his departure. He ý' :^had not'received aletter from her for eighteen '~m)'ths, although 'he' had written,, every .nmail,; but he knew that letters went astray as often as not, and reassured' himself with, the fact,.', " His mate,,Eb Shaw, was a light-hearted Sdyoung fellow,'described by theidiggers as the .true grit.s He. wasi;not a colonial, :but had' '-"'livied'so long 'in Victoria that he called him self ondi and' was proud of it. 'He followed, "the' diggings for love of 'the" rollicking,' U' devil=may-care life.. His father was' a farmer :' ixit'he'ld ,country, and had tried' his hardest tI ; k:keep him to agricultural pursuits, without iavail; for the young man looked with con. tefipti on that slow hum.drum life and its .',asurroundings. He and Bill hadmet in Mel bourne; = and after a short acquaintance had 'gripped hands and sworn eternal' brother hood; and had started: for ,the diggings to. 'gether . " What' d'ye think, Bill ?"; id' 'Eb the , ? evening after.,the conversation' narrated. :":The'lat's off it's'head. Baldy's runi'out of :soap,'iand 'you can't buy a drop of hair oil for love or. money. Old Mac 's goinmto get, ta'blarmdai l, 'L.regular, high-flier, 'from Mel bourne. There's enterprise for you." ?-!Eh " said Bill, -in surprise. " S"A 'barmaid. A' real live thing in petti ', ciat;stwith ?.her own'hair and teeth" By Jingod: I must buy'a clean shirt." ... ' I" Nonsense, man ! 'What` woman would come among this crowd ? Why,.there isn't another female on the flat." ' S"".Isn't there? What 'do you call Mary Macmurty-? If she heard you say that she'd floor-you with her washboard." . "'Oh, I forgot her. She's so' like-a man ýthat 'the difference is not worth ic~intion ing. * ' c '"ell, the charmer's going tolodge with hber., Gan-you cut hair, Bill,? -Loo'-here, s t vego?t-enough;'hi :'hron'm hha'd-,t'pad a Vliat'siib'ecoine oif di '.r 0 ::; ,: . ..'!I tied it 'on a. stick to'wash"tlie plates, -?afellow 'going to dress: in ',What's ' fellow to' cover himself uprwith' if"yoi iuse his togs :(or.oculinary purposes?, I-m, goin courtin' -e:some time, an.I Ill'wantithat collar.ý You've got a ten-horse ichelleko hhav e , "' SYcou'llhaveo to be careful, Eb 2This il.ymph;owill have ~yoii on her hook in no ' Yeiis; Io am.. Oh, woman lovely wo " *"'*Will I" Greas' jtor boots! yoiLself. before. When's this. heart- breaker coming, to cause thil'flitter?" ·.'Whjlfisa thlt got todo with~ i; ou. She's my property. Be content with the lovely ,Ellenf, and Vdon't fool round wih"at doesn't ,~KNo, ntI juist'yet. I mght be down in an sandaBill turned linto:the tent,tto .:read obver again'the.letterhichj~ li?ad received P fom El- e?g?~iten months befo ..,:It was worn' Sinto' squares with being constantly folded and"?idnfolded rifld the many kisses pressed fij'in'if'had not.preserved it any. 't was ',fullofl?promises and hopes--promises of ever faithful.love, and hopes of soon again ha'ing hE'rlin'idsome lover by. her side. Bill kissed the unconscious paper, and put it away .again ;' and with his head bowed upon:his 'bhindi," "sat musing of the time when he ioiild have wealth enough to go home, and "bring back a darling wife to the land he had learned, to. love. All h"'wished was' that shae i~igtlilive min comfort. Had he neveir aeencherihe would-not have left:'his home aid'friends:to seekfortuhein a straige land, 'Hlg "'ry'thought was for her and her hap p?ness..,ilThere was not one selfish fibrein his whole constitution. ' She was the,idol of li?ife ' .Thtrow .down that. idol, anlife Would he an existence noteworth living; .r ,Abfiiti tvo hours later, as he.lay reading an old Lond'ciipiaper, Ebrushed in, 'and, throwing himself upon his bunk; he clasped his. hands over his heart, and said, in a small Who has come ?" asked Bill.' :'< 'Wh,:f'tlieba~linaid. Seven stone 6fsolid oharms' got up as trim' as a Blue Mountain' parot. ' And don't she che:ek'th'bo'y3,(too. ShZdi'caugit J'ff Harris indeir the 'ear with a corkstrew,' 'cause he 1s~id e'i'e'p_1J knock out anymani who dare~ to'' sayshe hadn't a stunning pair=of"ankles rid hername's 1Bb,oJ leabout,"and"lookedzso comically smit'en tehat ill burst intosa- heartyrlaugh. " Did you try.of do. a..bit of killing?" he ]Eby '?Shg&s; sge?xc g g, de'iieiAaiil lin~'as a ~,elowup.so thatI had scarce:cheek enugh heart never won fair lady."'7 " Oh,! dry up, and go to sleep. Wait till yo'u e~lidfherifahd' Alll? liif Ialb'ottlo?,of.:Mac's o ,nakeIthat.you'll crow smallabontyour .i'oiji)'k(iitbhis bnlnk; the paird of them were soonsonnd asleep.* < . . :Bill wis'-least c6ncerned:of a'ny man m:ithe camp'about;the' newcomer.~ ? He knew..very 'el"tl the ha~i;at'er bf h;'eilrss if ~ivomilen; and it was morafdzfcomzpanytthi'li anything else that he followed Eb next evening to: M'Mahon's shanty, or Mac's, as it was com monly called., It was only seven o'clock, but the night 'was black as pitch, and the rain poured. down in torrents.., They could hear7 Yielow" Creek riishing' between its banks as they hurried. along,, eager fort sheltfr, the foot-bridge-'an old tree-being ,slipperywith the rain. SEb passed into the well-lighted shanty first, butBBill stopped at the door* holdiiig the canvas in his hanid, and lhi fa'ce became ghastly pale as he saw a` young woman behind the rudely-constructed co6nter; she was laughing loudly, and bandying jests with the diggers of a none too delicate cha racter.' What innocence had ever, shone in her countenance had fled, and she bore the faded and brazen look that distinguishes so many of her class, but she was still fair to look upon. For a few moments Bill stood in the doorway, his face pallid, and his body trembling as though he had seen a ghost; then, with a hollow groan, he hurried away into the darkness. Eb passed through into another part of the shanty, divided off by a canvas partition, thinking that Bill had fol lowed him in. After about ten minutes, he came into the part used as a bar, and- not, seeing Bill there, asked the men if he had gone out again. \- I-' He never'comed in, mate;"' sad one.,. "What? Didn't Bill follow me?" asked Eb, in surprise. ., , "Never showed his: iose inside this shan ty'" answered the man. :, Eb hurried over to Baldy's, the man !who served the diggers with groceries. .No Bill there. He was not at their tent. Eb could find him nowhere, and with a white face and misgiving in his heart, he retiurned'to the. shanty. All that fearful night he and two others searched, but saw nothing.of the miss ing man. 'Twas not till seven o'clock next morning that they found his bbdy in Yellow,, Creek;, stark dead. 'i How he, had got there -no dne'knew. 'Eb's 'grief knew no bounds; 'he kissed the' cold 'face, and sobbed like a child;. .ýRiw'Bill could have got ,into the creek they ow6ndered as they carried him,.to Mac's. He knew every inch of the country, and could not hayvecomnethere 'by accident. 'It Imust' have been' suicide, or the slippery iiature of the bridge., As. they entered- the shanty, the new barimaid was serving a cus itomer. -Her eyes restedi for, a moment on the deadface, then with a shriek she diopped the'bottle from iher nerveless fingers, and rushing out, fell on :her knees ibythe body. She i.clasped. the face between,.her ,hands, and, kissing it madly, murmured-??Willie ! Willie!, Willie I". - No feed of conjectures now,; she was his Ellen. . . ,.... 1Her story was soon told Becoming weary, od waiting fdr letterss which never came, she. had at lenigth idetermined to follow her: lover. After some trouble,- she- succeeded in getting a passage: third-class. Bad com.; panions ,on the ship was the first step to ruin, and by. the time she arrived rshe had; fallen. She could get no knowledgetof her betrothed in Melbourne, nor in fact-did she seek him, for, lost.as she was, she could not have faced him. Alone- and helpless, .in a strange ,place, she turned toi some of her ship: companions; their assistance could be had only under certain circumstances. Bad led to.worse, but not being, thoroughly de praved, she succeeded-in gettings employ ment, which, aJ any rate, was better than her previous life. ,. : , She left, Black .Frog Diggings after the 'burial, and wvhat became of her is a mystery, like so many of the old goldfield romances. Eb also left shortly afterwards, the remem-r •brance of his drowned mate's face haunting him for many years. Whether Willie Wright committed-suicide or accidentally fell into the creek is another mystery. It is quite. possible the ,unfortunate fellow may have slipped on the treacherous bridge, and. !in his despairanhd utteriwretchedness pro -bably: never even made a struggle to' save .himself. -The place where this happened has long ago become a populous mining -town-and few-are-now'alive who remiinber. -the fate of poor Willie, or the fair but frail: Ellen.-Australian' ,i-Bits. 