The Storyteller. Nell Gwynne-The Lady of the Mill. III. By J.L.S. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANER.] "ON my return to Hobart," continued Binkes, on the following evening, "I found that, personally, I should be unable to take any further steps in my search for Nellie for some considerable time tocome. Pressof business and the illness of Scribbler confined me to the office from early in tho morning till lato in tho evening. I therefore communicated with a friend in Melbourne, and requested him to assist no in the matter. He did so, and suc ceeded in tracing the fugitives to Sydney, but thore lost sight of them. Ultimately, however, he discovered through tho' intelligent' detective whom he employed in the search that two persons answering tho description given had taken passage in a vessel bound for New York; but to this fact wo attached little importance. In the raeantimo I received a short letter from old Gwynne, in which he informed me that he had heard nothing further of his daughter, and expressed his opinion in pathetic terras that she was lost to him for ever. Ho added, in a post script, that on tho evening previous his wife, when parsing by tho old mill, thought sho heard a well-known voice calling 'Mother! mother!' and, looking up, had seen her daughter beckoning to hor from oue of the upper windows. Faint with terror at the apparition she called to old Gwynne, who chanced to be at hand, and on his coming told him of what she had seen. He, of course, as became the sturdy old sceptic he professed to be, laughed at her fancy; but to satisfy her had searched the mill without, as he put it, ' seeing so much as the ghost of a bandicoot.' While reading this I was forcibly reminded of the episode Nellie had related to me when I was with her many months before. I further could not help thinking that there might bo some more tangible cause for the apparition than an old woman's imagination. Might not Nellie herself, wearying of her new life, have returned to her home, and be lying perdu in tho neigh bourhood, at the house of a friend, and waiting for, but afraid to seize, the opportunity of revealing herself to her parents ? Or, again, as was still more likely, might not she have paid a brief and secret visit to the old place in the course of her wanderings with SomerviUe from capital to capital? These reflections increased ray desire to proceed to Melton, and I longed to be free from official harness; but several weeks passed before the wished-for opportunity came. One afternoon I had the good fortune to miss my footing in stepping from an omni bus ; a severely- sprained ankle was the result, and the accommodating medico whom I con sulted decreed that a change of air was necessary in order to ward off the effects of the shock to the system. The 'governor' laughed as he granted the requisite leave, saying: * I fear you are more fona of studying botany than of drawing up briefs, Mr. Binkes!' I replied that I certainly was, but added that I had urgent private bnsiness to attend to, the disposal of which my enforced leave would greatly fccilftate. "' Urgent business, eh? Why on earth didn't you say so before ? Tou can have three months if you like!' " I thanked him, and we parted. " On the day following this interview I was at the Hawthorn Inn. Melton, renewing my friendship with the jovial host thereof, and drawing on his vast stores of local gossip. It was wonderful to note how quickly my ankle recovered its normal functions under the bracing influence of the Melton air. After a night's rest, indeed, it was so far restored that I was able to walk over to the mill cottage without the slightest discomfort. The cure was certainly marvellous. It was with mingled feelings of pleasure and sorrow that I passed through the gate of the cottage and strolled up the garden path; pleasure at the old memories awakened, sorrow at the blight that had fallen on the inmates. I knocked at the door, but there came no response save the faint lingering echo. ' What has becomo of the old people r I wondered. * Suppose they have gone to the neighbouring market town; and if so they may not return until the evening.' I walked round to the back; the poultry-yard was alive with its noisy but necessary denizens, showing that poor Mrs. Gwynne still maintained her interest in tbem. Two grave cats were dosing on the gate posts, and the sleepy old watchdog, 4 Banquo,' came forth and barked a languid defiance. Being satisfied by these signs that the domestic life of the place was still un changed outwardly, I crossed over to the mill; it was, as of old, wrapped in ghostly gloom. I entered the central chamber, and stood for a fow moments guing on the familiar ruins. I was oppressed by a sense of utter loneliness, which presently changed to one of vague foreboding. From out the silence of the place the memories of the past came back to mo more vividly than ever. I could almost fancy that I heard Nellie's voice calling to me from the darkness; that her blue eyes and yellow hair were vaguely limned in the framework of yonder doorway. 4 Bah!' I thought; 'I am becoming absurdly nervous in this solitude.' A piece of timber broke away from the rotting ceiling, falling with a huge clatter to the floor; a legion of startled rats scuttled to their hiding-places, and with a slight shiver I passed from the building into the welcome sunshine, " I directed my stops towards the oM trout pond, and. seating myself on the bank, idly watched the fish leaping at the flies that skimmed the surface, speculating the while on the subject uppermost in my mind. Had I been really in love with Nellie I could not, I thought, have taken a more painful interest in her fate than I did, actuated only by my feeling of dis interested friendship, as I regarded it. While pondering thus half-dreamily* my attention was suddenly attracted by a slight sound. I looked up—What was that? a girl? A white figure appeared for a moment among the low bushes on the opposite bank—a mere flash of a white garment—a gleam of golden hair: then it vanished. I lay still, in the hope that it would re-appear; but the only animate object was a gaudy kingfisher fluttering from twig to > twig—the only sound the rustle of the wind stirred leaves. Convinced that what I had seen was real, and not the creation of fancy, I sprang to my feet, and crossing the stream searched carefully, but without success; there was not even the slightest sign of the moist grass and leaves having been disturbed. After a while I gave up the vain search and made my way to the inn, with the intention of returning later on to interview tho old folks. The after noon passed slowly away, and evening found me again seeking entrance to the cottage. Te my surprise, however, the place was still in darkness; the occupants had apparently not yet returned from their marketing. An nour, two hours, were chimed by the distant town clock, but the belated ones came not. Wearied of waiting, and damp and chilled by the shower from a passing cloud, I was on the point of relinquishing my mission for that night, when something occurred that caused me to alter my purpose. " From the position I occupied I had a fall view of the old mill, standing sharply outlined against the horixon—gray, weird, spectral. The rays of tho rising moon falling on the upper story partially illuminated it, rendering more intense the gloom that surrounded the lower. Hard by there grew a lofty eucalyptus, the boughs of which, waving gently in the night wind, threw fantastic shadows on the moonlit wall. Now here, now there, they chased each other aoross the rough rubble surface, light and darkness in alternate flight and pursuit. But surely that is not the effect of mere moving shadows on yonder window place ? No; it is a figure, indistinct and vaguely merged in the shaded depths beyond, but still palpable to the sight. It moves; it is gone. M With throbbing heart I rose and advanced noiselessly towards the mill, determined to solve if possible this mystery. Arrived at the build ing I paused for a moment, listening for. any sound that might guide me; but all was silent as tho tomb. I entered the main chamber, and again paused. Presently I heard a sound in 'the rooms above as of footsteps approaching and desf ending the stairs. I drew aside from the doorway, waiting breathlessly for what was to come. Nearer, nearer, sounded the steps— the moments passed like hours—and in time I becarao conscious of a white-robed form ad vancing slowly towards me, and clinging as it did so to the hand-rail of the primitive stairs. The moonlight flashed upon it, disclosing the fea tures of—Nellie. " I started, and was about to spring forward, when my attention was arrested by a noise at the principal entrance. Glancing in the direc tion, I observed the figure of a man looming against tho western sky. Nellie also saw him, and a stilled cry escapod her lips. The new comer heard it, and exclaimed : "' So at last I have found you t Did you think, my protty Nell, that you would escape me no easily? No, no. I have followed you closely ever since you left me at Melbourne, »nd have traced yon to this pleMtttf retrjJafc. I You have given me an infinite »&Wintf; of trouble, but I am happy to say that it h*lWtA' rewarded.' '"Do you still wishto persecute me V replied the girL ' Was it not enough that you should have taken me from my home, ted me by empty tows and promises into a false marriage ? Was it not enough that you should hare ruined my life, but that now you must still seek, out of pure devilry, to again make me your hateful companion? Alas I I discovered, too late, what you really were; I thought that yon were a man, t found that you were a scoundrel, s> *^The othef kW|h«i as though it were a good joke. . . A "' I left you,' continued fete victim, ' when I learned the full baseness of yottf boUvm, and took refnge here—and now'— . •• * And now, Nellie, you must put an €HAie all this melodramatic nonsense and return witV ""'Kefetl I'll die first.' r"' You will probably di« if you disobey me,' sneered Somerville) 'jrott most not think, my dear girl, that I can allow myself to be put to all this inconvenience for notbifcg} you appear to forget the pretty vows you made ar the altar I you forget that you are my wife, and are* ttorNnd by the sacred ordinances of the Church to love'/ honour, and obey me.' "' Ltar r cried the girl, 'you know that your first wife is yet alive tr "'Pray, where did you obtain that piece of pleasant information fhe asked. ' But, there, the inquiry is needless; Women are so doosid inquisitive.' Then, changing hto tone* 'We have had quite enough of this fooling f #ftl yott accompany me quietly to the vehicle I IMvX ifl waiting, or must I adopt the disagreeable alter native of compelling you f "'Oh! leave me! spare me!'cried the un happy girl, beside herself with tenor. ' O, God help me 1' "But her enemy only laughed a mocking re* joinder, and grasped ncr wrists. * Come,' he ■aid 'it is getting late/ "' Not so fast, my friend; there are others to consult before you finish this business,' I said, as, leaping forward, I seised him by the collar and securely pinned him against the walL He fought madly to free himself, but I was the stronger of the two, and moreover the cold barrel of my pistol was pressing against his forehead. 'If you attempt to give me any trouble,'l said, 'I shall make short work of you.' "The threat had its effect; h« apparently became thoroughly cowed, and. ceasing to struggle, begged to be released. 'Ton are her brother I suppose,' he gasped; ' let me go, and I promise you that I shall no longer inflict my presence on my wife.' " The cool effrontery of the fellow astounded me. 'If you do,'l replied, * things will go hard with you,' and as I spoke I gave him a sharp twist that sent him spinning and reelingtowards the door. "He recovered himself, however. 'Take that, you cursed dog,' he shrieked, and the lurid flash of a revolver cleft the darkness, the bullet gracing my right temple in its passage. " Quick as thought I fired, and Somerville, with a groan of agony, sank on the floor, shot through the heart. "At this moment the sound of approaching wheels met my ear, and turning to Nellie I ex* claimed: ' You are safe at last; they are com* ing.' " A faint moan was the only response; the poor girl was leaning against the rough stone wall, convulsively pressing her hands to her side. " Thinking that she had fainted, I lifted and carried her into the moonlight. But! what is this that is changing white to crimson ? My God! Somerville's trallet. purposed for me, had found a resting place in the bosom of hap* less Nell Owynnel* 