SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1884. At the time the latest statistics were compiled, there were upwards of 53,000 persons enrolled on the books of friendly societies in Victoria. The income for the year 1882 amounted to £194,000, and on the 31st December the societies had the large sum of £445,815 invested. In the face of such imposing figures it may startle the general reader to tell him, that in a given number of years the great majority of these societies must, unless they alter the rate of the weekly or yearly contributions they draw from their members, become insolvent. The proofs are to be found in the report of the Government statist for the year 1882, and the valuations of Mr. OWEN, the actuary for friendly societies, whose joint observations are presented to the public in a bulky paper, which was summarised in our columns last week. For the discoveries of Mr. HAYTER and Mr. OWEN, the societies themselves are not altogether unprepared. They have been warned over and over again that the payments they are taking from their members will not enable them to meet in time to come the engage- ments they have under taken to fulfil. The true bearings of the question are but slightly understood. Some leading men in the fraternity will not admit that anything is wrong, and it was argued as recently as the last annual gathering of the Manchester Unity at Geelong, that the societies whose financial soundness was questioned by the Government statist were in a better position than some insurance com- panies. Because their net income has been increasing at a faster rate than their members roll, they as- sure that everything must be going on well. Of necessity, the income must increase in this way in the early stages of an ordinarily well supported society even though the amount of the individual givings should be considerably lower than an actuary would require. At first, the vast majority of the members will belong to the paying division, only the few drawing upon the funds, but as the members grow in years, the sick late amongst them must increase, and after the lapse of time long in some cases, short in others the claims of every individual must mature. It is idle to reply that as the older members pass away new members will come in because with every new member there enters a new claimant. The increase in funds in 1882 did not, as a matter of fact, keep pace with the increase in the number of members; the average fell off by 1s. 4d. per head. The revenues of friendly societies are classed under several headings. They have their sick and funeral fund, their medical and management fund, and so on. It is with the sick and funeral funds that we need alone concern our- selves as they constitute the insurance branch of the business, and stand apart from all other divisions of income. The inquiry may be still further simpli- fied by drawing the required illustrations, as Mr. HAYTER has done, from the accounts of a single organisation, the Manchester Unity. What can be affirmed of this order may be affected in a year or less decree, of every other order the financial con- dition of which has been looked into by the actuary. It has 12,796 members. The total sum received and receivable for member s between the day of their joining and the period of their death, with inte- rest added, has been ascertained to be £395,994, or £30 19s. per member, while the total amount of their claims upon the sick fund of the order is £477,517, or £37 6s per member. In other words, there is on the face of the books a certain deficit of £6 7s per member and if a radical change is not effected in time, either some members will get nothing or all must accept less than their due, on settling day, in a future not very remote. The English and the Victorian subscription rates have only to be compared to obtain an explanation of the riddle. Whether the brethren enrol their names at 18 or 35, their annual payments to the sick fund in Victoria are the same, viz., 26s per head. In England a graduated scale obtains, and men who join late in life — say, at 30 — have to pay more per annum than those who join at 18 or 20. This is in accordance with the dictates of common sense. As men grow older, then liability to sickness increases, and the later they are in entering the sooner will the 1 turns be drawn upon for the dual payment. The necessity for a differential rate is not overlooked by the Manchester Unity in Victoria, but they provide for the distinction between the older and the younger candidate by charging a man of 20 the entrance fee of 7s and a man of 35 the larger fee of £4 5s. The annual value of this fee can be easily computed. Blending the entrance fee with the annual rates, the following comparative results are obtained :— ......Age..............English rate..............Victorian rate. ...........................s....d..............................s...d .....20...................36 10½.........................26 6¼ .....25...................30 2.............................26 10½ .....30...................40 10............................27 5¼ ....35....................56 4.............................30 2¼ Thus, on examination, the graduated entracne fee is found to be totally in- adequate as a means of equalis- ing differences in the age. It is, moreover, a clumsy expedient. The payment of an extra 2d. a week would be scarcely felt, but the man who is told that he must pay an entrance fee of £4 5s to the sick fund, and £1 to the management fund, or £5 5s. in all, may have to think a good many times before he can make up his mind to join, And so little is the one meaning of the graduated scale under- stood, even by societies that have adopted it, that they employ it in con- nexion with the general fund, where an equal charge per head is a fair thing, whilst a uniform rate is levied for the sick fund, where difference in age is everything. The branch societies in the Manchester Unity are not all on the same footing, nor are the circumstances of all the orders alike. Some of the M. U. branches, in spite of their small sub- scription fee, are flourishing, and they show a surplus instead of a deficit. But then position is due to exceptional circumstances, which cannot be expected to issue or become general. They may have begun with a large number of young members, they may have lost a large number of members, whose claims have thus been extinguished without payment; their sick fund away from special causes have been lightly drawn upon for a number of years; and, finally they may have had their funds arrested at an unusually high state of interest. In the Ballarat district there are several branches which owe their prosperity to one or more of these causes, and yet when an average comes to be struck for the whole district, a deficit of 27s per member is shown. In the Bendigo district the deficit per head amounts to £12 17s The main thing we desire to insist on is that the contributions towards the sick fund must be raised to something like the English rate, and it is worth noting that one society — Court Unity, A. O. F., which receives 38s 2d from its members, is reported to be financially sound. Mr. HATTER refrains from councelling a process of coercion or por- posing a specific rate of universal adop- tion. He simply proves that, where low rates obtain, the accumulated fund is too low, and so also the value of the prospective contributions. To bring the latter up to the proper standard, " it will be necessary, says Mr. HAYTER, " to require each member to make such " an addition to his present month contribu- " tion as will make it equivalent to the " liability he imposed upon the funds " at the age of his initiation. When " this most important step towards " lifting the society into a position of " solvency has been taken, the com- " paratively smaller deficiency in the " capital may be extinguished by levy " imposed on the members in such a " manner as may appear to be "most convenient and equitable." The societies seem to be awakening to the discovery that if they do not move soon the Legislature must interfere, for in the report of the Ballarat district of the Manchester Unity for June last, we find these words — "We may rest " assured that, if an improvement is " not made when the next valuation comes out, we shall be disagreeably " compelled by the Government, perhaps "in an arbitrary manner, to put our- " selves in the required sound position." The valuation is now out, and the societies who have been waiting for the returns are deprived o fall excuse for further delay. The observation must have been made of late by the patrons of our oyster saloons that the oyster, as known to Melbourne consumers, is gradually diminishing in size, and seems on the verge of becoming too minute to be visible to the naked eye . It is a vanishing quantity, and at the present into will soon be gone altogether. Even at the present time, the insignificant molluscs which bear the name of oysters, are little more than the ghost of a flax oil, and merely give a slight stimulus to the imagination if the valuable dispensers of this interesting esculent are spoken to on the subject, they discourse of it in tones of the pro- foundest melancholy. They say that they do the best they can. Search is made far and wide for oysters, and as the supply near at hand is exhausted, they go further and further afield. We have ransacked the coasts of Victoria, ravaged those of Tasmania, eaten up the supply of New South Wales, and are steadily working our way northwards along the shores of Queensland. If we started with an openness of reference for the oysters from the waters of cold seas, we have long said that fastidious sentiment aside, and now get them while entry where we can — from the shores fronting the Southern Ocean or from the coral seas of the tropics. But though we go further, we fare worse. The exhaustion of the supply is shown not only by the increasing difficulty of procuring oysters, but also by the steadily declining size of those brought to market. We have eaten up the adult oysters, we are eating the using generation, soon we shall be eating the baby oyster with the aid of powerful magnifying glasses, and after that the delicate flavour of this engaging mollusc will exist only as a tradition. There is ample evidence of the great abundance of the system on the shores of this continent and of New Zealand in past times some years ago we were startled by the scientific statement re- ported by telegraph from New Zealand, of the discovery there of a "kitchen- " midden," composed of shells chiefly of the oyster extending to a length of 20 miles by 300 or 400 yards wide, and of unknown depth, forming, in fact, the most important and extensive monument extant of the industry of the aboriginal inhabitants of those islands. The cir- cumstance that there was a slight exaggeration, afterwards corrected, in the reported size of this heap of shells, is not relevant to our present purpose it is known to con- noisseurs hat the king of Australian bivalve is the mud oyster, which has become so rare as to be in almost un- attainable luxury. Yet these oysters were very common in the early days, and in still earlier ages the shell heaps lift by the aborigines of New South Wales show that it was very abundant, while in prehistoric times it existed so hugely that geologists tell us there are raised beaches in Victoria and South Australia entirely composed of the shells of these oysters. We have demolished the mud oyster, and are now engaged in similarly exterminating the drift oyster and the lock oyster. When these are also gone, blank, indeed, will be the future left by us to our posterity. At the same time, if our successors are deprived of the succulent joys yielded by the artistic consumption of the oyster, they may find some melancholy gratification in knowing that, at any rate, we in our days enjoyed them while there was still time. They will not be able to reproach us with using these dainties which are obviously sent by the bounty of PROVIDENCE to soothe the evening hours of city populations, harassed and jaded by the wear and tear of so-called civilisation — for the manufacture of lime, as was done by hundreds of tons in the early days of the settlement of Sydney. We sometimes read figurative descriptions of structures " cemented with blood and tears. " But how trivial are the enormities often cha- tarised in this way compared with that of barbarously blighting the pros- pects of unborn generations by convert- iing oyster supplies into mortar. The issue to which we are now brought is — is it worth while to go on living after the oyster has ceased to be obtainable, and if not, what is to be done to prevent the loss of this most delicate of shell fishes ? With regard to the first question, it is evident that our posterity will have gradually to familiarise themselves with the privations of many possessions which we now enjoy. Some less hardy kinds of game are always disappearing, and the more hardy ones have only a somewhat longer tenure of existence. We are using up the coal supply. A large part of the earth's surface is undergoing a process of dessication. The sun itself, the central source of heat and life to the whole solar system, is subject, astronomers tell us, to a secular cooling, which will in time make itself apparent as the incoming of another glacial epoch. With all these physical and material losses, we have to remember the grim political and social problems we are devolving on the shoulders of those who come after us, happy ourselves if we can get out of the muddle before these questions begin to clamour for solution if. In addition to all this, we eat up the oyster, and deprive the times to come of the appe- tising stimulus, the gentle solicitations, supplied by two or three fresh oyster before dinner, or of the soothing solace given by a supper of oysters when the heat and toil of the day at overpast — perhaps it does not seem much , com- pared with more serious matters the deprivation is but trifling, but who shall say whether in those sad and evil days, when cares are heavy and joys are few, when the grasshopper is a burden, and all desires fail, the loss of this simple and harmless pleasure may not turn the scale, and determine the decision that life is not worth maintaining on such terms? Well, we will take the alternative question. Can anything be done to prevent the threatened extinction of this savoury shellfish? The case of the old world seems hopeless. In these effete communities, they are paying the penalty of early vice and improv- dence, by buying their oysters at 4s. per dozen. We are not yet reduced to so critical a condition, and we can even now united effort wisely directed may save the system of Australia. In New South Wales, legislation has been at- tempted towards this object, and works have been under taken a bath may pro- duce results in time to come. In New Zealand, we believe, something is done by fixing a close season . We are, we hope, all ready to do our part in this work and to make our sacrifice towards its success. If it is necessary to learn and apply the mystic rule which forbids the eating of oysters in months which have an "r" in their name, we trust we shall not falter or hesitate at the call of duty owed to our country and our race. The mischief is that few realise the importance of the crisis. When we remember the trifles over which our Legislatures occupy themselves, the railway bills, land bills and bills, codification bills, over which they waste previous time, with often with grotesque results, while they have not a word to say of a pro- posal to make with regard to the ap- proaching extinction of the oyster, and its loss to the future of humanity, we are inevitably led to repeat once more the trite proverb respecting the little wisdom which goes to governing the world. Our neighbour on the west has the luxury of a financial crisis as well as our neighbour to the east, and the situation in South Australia is possibly more serious than that in New South Wales, inasmuch as it contains the elements of a constitutional struggle. In Adelaide the Ministerial measure has been rejected by the Upper House, paid us is natural in politics, we have the Chief Secretary in the Lower House using indignant, but happily vague language, on the sub- ject of the interference with the financial rights of the Assembly. Ann much trouble in the Lower House, the Bray Ministry passed a some- what complicated taxation scheme. All land was to pay ½d. in the £ on its gross capital value. "exclusive of improve- "ments." Incomes derived from pro- perty, other than land, were to pay 3d. in the £, the first £100 to be exempt. Incomes derived from professions or trade were to pay 3d. in the £, incomes of less than £300 to be exempt, and the £300 to be deducted in other cases. The land tax was estimated to bring in £45,000 per annum. and the income tax about the same amount, so that, measuring popula- tion and population, similar imposts in Victoria would yield £300,000. The Vic- torian land tax is evidently far heavier as re- gards the estates it falls upon than the South Australian impose would be. However, after long discussion, the Council, by 10 votes to 9, has rejected the bill as a whole, the opposition being based, not upon objections to the land impost, but to the incomes tax. This was described as unnecessary. The incidence of the tax was said to be wrong; the Government, it was asserted could do without the money ; items and visable, the critics urged, before placing the incomes tax principle upon the statute book, to take the opinion of the country at the ensuing general election. And the last is no doubt the Council's strong point. The Upper House of South Australia is an elective body, its constituency being almost identical with the reformed Council of Victoria, and it is idle to say that such is Chamber is not entitled to at least in suspense veto then a new prin- ciple in taxation is brought before it. A modification of the " Land and Income "Tax Bill" would apparently have passed the Council. An all-round pro- perty tax would probably have been ac- cepted, and it is quite possible that if Mr. BRAY ever consults the country on the point, he will be chary of submitting income tax proposals. Sir JAMES MCCUL- LOCK proposed an income-tax in Victoria, and saw fit to abandon the scheme. If he had persevered, and the Council had rejected the bill, the Council at that time would assuredly have been gene- rally thanked for its services. We mentioned a few days ago that a letter had been received by the Premier from M. BERNISON, president of the syndicate of the wholesale wine and spirit trade of the Gironde, at Bordeaux, complaining of the " exorbitant " duties imposed on French wines by the tariff of this colony, and calling attention to the fact that wool and other Australian pro- ducts are allowed to enter France duty free while at the same time intimating that if " the proposed increase" of the wine duties should be carried into effect, it will compel the syndicate to bring pressure to bear on the French Government to modify their legislation;" or, in other words, to make reprisals. The "increase " referred to can only have existed in the imagination of the wine growers of the Gironde, and seems to have been put forward merely as a pre- text for the menace which accompanies it. But those gentlemen must be well now are that the French Government is just as unlikely to impose a duty on Aus- tralian wools as the House of Commons is to put a tax upon American cotton. Our finer staples are quite as indispensable to the woollen manufacturers of France as American cotton is to the prosperity of Lancashire; and there is one other circumstance which the gentlemen in Bor- deaux would do well to bear in mind, and that is, that the wool we sell to France is precisely what it purports to be, there a great deal of what pro- fesses to be French wine is, in no sense of the world, the juice of the grape, but a chemical compound, flavoured to simulate champagne, claret. and bor- deaux. Of course this does not apply to the choice brands received from the chaix of great houses doing business only with the best chateaux; but when we read of 650 bottles of wine, bought in different parts of Paris by the officers of the municipality, being subjected to an abyss at the civic laboratory, and of 590 of them proving to be impure, we may well ask the French Government, before inviting us to modify our duties, to guarantee that over a cask and case of wine exported from Bordeaux or else- where shall be as genuine in character as the wools we offer in exchange for it. The P. and O. Co's R. M. S. Sutlej, with the English mails to the 11th January, arrived at Albany at half-past 5 o'clock on Thursday morning, and left at half-past 11. She should reach Adelaide on Monday, and Melbourne by Tuesday or Wednesday. Our cable messages this morning contain several interesting items. The Secretary of State for the Colonies has expressed his grati- fication at Mr Murray Smith's offer to place the Victorian gunboats and torpedo boat at the service of the British Ad- miral commanding in the Red Sea. The offer was made by Mr Smith without any communication with the Victorian Government but the latter entirely approve of the action, of the agent-general. One or two names have already been mentioned in connexion with the Governorship of Vic- toria, among others of the Earls of Mor- ley and Camperdown. It is now stated that the British Government will probably depart from the usual practice of appointing the Governor of some other colony. as they are desirous of securing the services of some new and strong man to succeed Lord Normanby. The Marchioness of Normanby was so much improved in health yesterday morning, that Mr. F.. M James her medical attendant, permitted her removal to another room. On Wednesday the members of the Water Supply Board visited the Dividing Range near Whittlesea to inspect the different methods suggested for bringing the waters of the Silvery Creek into the Wallaby Creek aqueduct. Several members of the Ministry were present, viz. Mr. Gillies the Minister of Railways, Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood, Minister of Defence Mr. Tucker, Minister of Lands and Mr. Langridge, Commissioner of Customs the two latter being members of the board. The party made practical ac- quaintance with the whole of the pro- posed work, and description of which appears elsewhere, and returned to town on Friday night. During the trip an unfortunate accident occurred one of the men employed at the survey camp, being, kicked in the stomach by a horse, and dying while on his way to the Melbourne Hospital. The Water Supply Board will hold a meeting, next week, when a recom- mendation will be made in favour of starting without delay either the Silvery Creek or the Watts River scheme in the Healesville dis- trict. The payment of arrears of selectors' rents has proceeded very satisfactorily during the last month the amount of the deficiency on the rents for the current financial year on the 31st January was £41,062. On the 31st of that month it was reduced to £30,815, and on the 7th inst. to £19,303, since which time it is estimated that £6,000 has been received in the Lands department. The portion of the Branxholme and Casterton line extending from Branxholme to Henty station a distance of 21 miles was opened yesterday for such goods traffic as will not require crane power or shed accom- modation. There are three places between Branxholme and Henty, namely, Moorudal, Grassdale, and Merino but the line is not yet ready for passenger traffic and has in fact only been opened for goods traffic in order to benefit the farmers who desire to get their wheat to market the whole length of the line from Branxholme to Casterton is 32 miles and the steepest gradient is 1 in 40. No station buildings have been elected on the line, and it is not proposed to erect them until the traffic developes and shows what is likely to be required in the way of station accommodation The accounts of the Echuca Shire Council has recently been specially audited by Messrs Macdonald und Bowden, at the instance of some of the ratepayers and under instructions of the Commissioner of Public Works. The principal portion of their report appears in another column. It will be seen that the administration of the financial affairs of the council was very irregular, and the revelations regarding the defalcations of the late secretary and treasurer. J. W. Pem- berton, reflect upon the auditors who each year examined the accounts and show that the councillors were not sufficiently vigilant in their supervision of the business of the office. The election of a member of the Assembly for Warrnambool, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Sir J. G. Francis took place yesterday and resulted in the return of Mr John Murray, the liberal candidate, who polled 706 votes to Mr C A Cramer's 445 Some comment has been made in Seymour (says our correspondent) upon an order issued to the police of the Bourke district by Superintendent Chambers. It was said that the officers in charge of stations must not leave their posts for any purpose without first reporting to head quarters. This was taken to mean that if a crime were reported, the police officer was not to pursue the criminal until he got leave from headquarters. We have ascertained from the chief commissioner that the nature of the order has been totally misapprehended. Mr. Chambers simply intimated that in the event of a constable leaving his station he must telegraph from the nearest post office in order that his place might be supplied if necessary. This order was issued because on one occasion a senior constable went away without stating where he was going or how long he would be away although considerable public incon- venience might have been caused by his absence. The Central Board of Health will at a special meeting to be held on Tuesday, deal finally with regulations under the Public Health Act of last session in connexion with typhoid fever cases. It was necessary under the 73rd section that before taking that step they should obtain a proclamation by the Go- vernor in Council that typhoid was present in the colony and that the intended issuing the regulations. That proclamation was passed on Wednesday, and was referred to in The Argus yesterday. The regulations will deal with the cleansing of streets, re- moval of nuisances, protection of drinking water from pollution the better supervision of milk supply, medical attendance on the sick, management of infected houses, inter- ment of the dead and general institutions to local boards. They will inaugurate an en- tire new system for controlling an epidemic of typhoid although at the present time the Central Board have no fear that such an out- break will soon occur. There are com- paratively few cases under observation at this season as compared with previous summer. Judging from a communication that was read at a committee meeting of the Richmond Council on Thursday evening, the Railway Commissioners seem to be inclined to discourage the practice of municipal and other body is practically burnt themselves into deputations, and visiting the Railways department. The coun- cil wrote to the commissioners asking them to receive a deputation concerning the ex- tension of the Swan street drain but instead of getting the use is stereotyped reply, "that the Minister will be glad to receive the deputation on the following Wednesday, "an answer came to the effect that if the council would state in writing exactly what it re- quired, the commissioners would consult their engineers and ascertain if its wants could be met. A meeting of the committee of the council of the Melbourne University appointed to consider the recent decision of His Excellency the Governor, as visitor of the University, on the dispute which occurred between the council and the senate respecting the new regulations for prizes and scholarships took place yesterday. Dr Mackay was in the chair, and the following resolution was passed that this committee considers it inadvisable that any steps should be taken by the council for obtaining a re-hearing of the case in respect to the judgment recently delivered by His Excellency the Governor. The Melbourne Harbour trust made one of its periodical inspections of the works in progress in the river and the line yesterday afternoon. The commissioners were accom- pained by Captain McLellan, harbourmaster of the art of Lyttelton New Zea- land, where very important works of improvement are in progress. The health of Captain McLellan was drunk during the afternoon. and in responding he commented on the wisdom of the change made in this city when the harbour works were vested in a trust and pointed out the immense advantages which the port of Lyttelton had derived from the establish- ment of its harbour trust composed of busi- ness men. At the last meeting of the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association held on Wednesday evening, a resolution was passed expressing satisfaction that the Governmment have recognised the propriety of placing in the hands of legally qualified medical men the function of calf-lymph vaccination. It was decided to bring under the attention of the Government the necessity of an amended Medical Act. A meeting of the board appointed to inquire into the prevalence of tuberculosis in cattle was held on Wednesday, when the evidence of Mr W. T. Kendall and Mr J. Aked, veteri- nary surgeons was talen. Both witnesses gave valuable information, the former be- ing the disease to be largely prevalent in the colony. The necessity of a more careful inspection of abbotoirs, dairies, &c.;, with a view to detecting and preventing the spread of the disease was strongly urged. A match was commenced yesterday on the Association ground Sydney between the Australian Eleven who are to visit England next season and a combined eleven com- posed of Victorian and New South Wales players. The forer, who went in first, kept possession of the wickets all the day, making a total of 318 runs. Murdoch was the highest scorer with 83, Bonner making 67,McDonnell 61\. and Midwinter 46. The Winchelsea Racing Club hold their complimentary meeting to-day, in honour of His Excellency the Governor who has signified his intention of being present. The members of the club will entertain his lord- ship at a banquet on the course at a quarter- past two o'clock. The racing promises to be interesting, there being half-a-dozen events, the principal of which are the Complimen- rary Handicap, the Ladies' Bracelet (pre- sented by Mr. D. S. Wallace) and the Hurdle Race. A special train leave is Spencer-street at 10.10 a. m. in direct to Geelong an Win- chelsea and as there is another special from Camperdown and Colac, the attendance will no doubt be worthy of the occasion. Mr. T. K. Dow of the Australian, de- livered a lecture upon Agriculture in America, at the Nathalie State School, near Numurkah on Thursday evening to a large gathering of farmers from the surrounding districts. Mr. Dow gave an interesting review of his recent journey in America, contrasting the systems of farming there and in Australia respectively, and indicating the lessons which Victorian agriculturists might learn from American enterprise, inventiveness, and progress. At the close of the lecture a cordial vote of thanks was ten- dered to Mr Dow and to the proprietors of The Australasian. The lecture is published elsewhere. An intimation has been received at the Telegraph office that cable communication between Para and Maranham, on the coast of Brazil, is interrupted, and also that the cables from Guernsey to Jersey, and from Jersey to Contances, France, are interrupted. Tele- grams for Jersey will be transmitted from Guernsey per daily steamer. The Australian Health Society has recently issued some further publications. One is a wall sheet entitled "Accidents and Emer- gencies; What to do till the doctor comes," which comprises a number of simple but valuable suggestions as to the immediate action necessary in connexion with various accidental injuries. The sheet is adapted from a paper published by the National Health Society, London. Mr. C. R. Blackett's paper on Disinfection and Disinfectants" has also been published in pamphlet form. Those interested in the society's work may be reminded that copies of the publications issued are obtainable at its office, Collins- street east. At the adjourned annual meeting of the contributors to the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum held yesterday afternoon at the Athenæum, Collins street a ballot was taken for the election of an honorary physician for the ensuing year. There were four candi- dates and Dr. V. E. Brown, M. B., was chosen to fill the position. The time tables for the University matricu- lation and ordinary examinations to be held on the 3rd of next month, were posted yester- day and will be found in another column. For the matriculation examination 30 entries have been received and for the ordinary ex- amination 194, divided as follows:— Arts 41; laws, 13; medicine, 60; engineering, 13; articled clerks, 58. The honour examina- tions will not take place until after the publication of the results in the ordinary examinations about the middle of March. The steamship Austral, of the Orient line, will soon be ready for active service again, and her sailing date from London has been fixed for the 23rd inst. Since being placed in dock at home the Austral has undergone a wonderful transformation in her passenger accommodation, and her saloons have been entirely remodelled. The alleyways at the sides have been dispensed with, and more space has been secured for passengers. The main saloon is said to be a marvel of art in the way of decoration. The second saloon is a counterpart of the first but is less elabo- rate in its ornamentation and in the fitting up and furnishing. No expense has been spilled in the relict of the Austral and as her powerful engines are in great work in order, it is expected that she will be heard of in something like 32 or 33 days from home. The Austral will be commanded by Captain F. Charlton, formerly of the s. s. Lusitania. Mr. Macdougall is chief engineer, and Mr. J. C. Gibbons is purser. The Austral in her new and improved form, is expected to prove a great success. The books from Mr. Justice Molesworth's room in the old Supreme Court buildings were yesterday removed to the new Supreme Court. The sittings of the Equity Court on and after Monday will be held in the new buildings. The sitting of the Central Criminal Court were opened yesterday. The Court which was presided over by his Honour Mr Justice Holroyd sat for the first time in the New Law Courts. It was found that the accom- modation for the press and the witnesses was very stinted. The corridors were thronged by those having business in the building just as densely as the old court used to be. Rosanna Joye, charged with concealment of birth, and William Oliver indicted for an unnatural offence, pleaded guilty, and were remanded for sentence. A man named George Clinton was acquitted on a present- ment for stealing, £80 and bank deposit receipts for £400 from Francis Bennett, her use of Batman's Hotel, Spencer street. Charles Rice, recently convicted by a coroner's on a charge of the murder of his wife at Prahran on the 16th ult., was found guilty of manslaughter, and remanded for sentence. Before the Court adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning, Mr. Chomley, Crown prosecutor, read to the Court for his Honour's approval a list of the cases which will be taken each day of the sessions. The list was confirmed by his Honour, and it appears in another column. It was explained by Mr Chomley that his object in framing it was to meet the conveni- ence of witnesses, and prevent them losing time in attending the court on days when there was no likelihood of the cases in which they are required being heard. The consid- eration shown by the urbane Crown prose- cutor will doubtless be appreciated by those interested. In September last an accident occurred at the premises of Messrs. W. H. Rocke and Co., Collins street, during the removal of the materials of the old building. One man was killed, and another Mr. W. Hamilton was severely injured. Yesterday an action was tried in the Country Court, in which Mr. Hamilton sued Mr. W. G. Hewett, contractor for damages and injuries he had sustained on that occasion. The materials had been sold by auction to another contractor, named Ford, and the latter re-sold some of the timber to the plaintiff. The plaintiff was engaged in removing the timber, when a part of the building fell upon him and injured him. He alleged that the accident was caused by the negligent way in which the defendants workmen had cut away the sup- ports of the building. It was contended for the defendant that he was not answerable as the plaintiff had no right to be on the premises and there was no negligence. His Honour reserved his decision. The taking of evidence in the equity suit Reid v. Buck concluded in the Equity Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Moles- worth. The plaintiff owned a house and some other property in Carlton. He made a will leaving the property to one of the de- fendants, his step daughter who was married to the other defendant. He alleged that subse- quent representations were made to him to the effect that the will was informal and that he should execute another one. He did sign a document which he said he supposed was another will, but it turned out to be a transfer of the property to the defendant. The defence was that there was no fraud whatever in the matter, and that the plaintiff had given the transfer in consideration for attention paid by the defendants to him during his illness. After the evidence had been given, the case was adjourned. In the County Court yesterday before Judge Cope, an action of Abbott v. London was tried. The action was, in the first instance brought as a suit in equity, the plaintiff claiming from the defendant ac- counts of a partnership as auctioneers, and for a declaration that the partnership was dissolved. The defence was that there was no partnership that the defendant had only been employed and was to receive pay- ment by commission. The suit was then altered to an action for wrongful dismissal. His Honour gave a verdict for the defen- dant. The decision given by the Prahran Bench on Thursday in reference to the 87th bye -law of the local council under which members of the Salvation Army were on Thursday prose- cuted for marching in procession through the streets of the city, has induced an authority on the subject of local government to send us the following notes :— The bye- law is made under the 213th section of the Local Government Act (No 506) instead of being made under section 2 of the Police Offences Act Amendment Act (No 630) the solicitor for the defence Mr Maddock con- tended that as the regulations of the city of Melbourne affecting processions were made under the last named act, so should those of any other municipality. The Bench, by a majority of one, upheld the objection and dismissed the case. On comparing the two acts it will be observed that by act 506 section 213, power is given to municipalities (other than Melbourne or Geelong which are not governed by this act) by bye-law to regulate among various matters 'traffic and prosec- sions, while act 630 does not mention pro- cessions, but by section 2 authorises the making of 'regulations for the route to be observed by all carriages,' &c.;, 'and for keeping order in the carriage and foot ways,' &c.;, 'and for preventing any obstruction thereof, whether by the assemblage of per- sons or otherwise .' " Our correspondent con- tends that the council had ample power under the Local Government Act to pass the bye-law whose validity has been questioned by the magistrates. At the Pentridge Stockade yesterday before Mr. Call, an old man named Thomp- son received an addition of two months to an existing sentence of 21 years with hard labour, for a breach of the prison regu- lations. The prisoner was charged before the visiting justice for the sixth time with having in his possession when searched, manuscript and memoranda of his own com- position reflecting on the prison officers magistrates and other persons. He has already added upwards of 12 months to his original term of imprisonment, besides sundry solitarycconfinements accompanied by reductions in diet, &c.; Other prisoners who have been suspected of aiding and abetting him have been brought into trouble through him and has received additions to their sentences. The Melbourne telephone Exchange Com- pany are now building premises on a freehold site which they have pur- chased near the Flagstaff gardens, with the intention of erecting there the most approved apparatus that can be ob- tained. Hitherto considerable difficulty has been experienced in handling the sub- scribers' wires when they went be- yond a certain number. This has been experienced in the present Exchange. With a view to increase the usefulness of the telephone system, the Exchange Company have decided to connect private houses within certain limits with the Exchange, at a uniform rate of £10 per annum and all places of business in the suburbs as the city rates the new arrangements will come into force as soon as the new premises are com- pleted. The company have fully set forth their intentions in an advertisement which appears in another column. The local board of health of Brighton which is composed of the members of the borough council visited the soap factory of Mr. John Sutherland yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of inspecting the factory, which according to the Amended Health Act, comes within the category of offensive trades, and consequently is required to pay an annual registration fee of £5. After minutely in- specting the premises and drainage the members of the board expressed themselves pleased with the orderly and cleanly state of the factory, which was pronounced quite free from any nuisance. The United Methodist Free Church annual meeting was brought to a close last night. The morning was devoted to fixing the stations for the various ministers, and the remainder of the sitting was taken up with receiving reports, appointing committees, and discussing the notices of motion which had been given at the last annual meeting. Fresh terms which have been submitted by the Australasian Electric Light Company, for the lighting of the Exhibition-building during the March exhibition of wine, grain, fruit, &c.;, have been accepted, the com- pany contract to supply 48 lights of the same power as those now on view outside the Princess's Theatre four of these lights to be placed in the lantern of the dome. The members of the Hebrew persuasion have rented rooms at 82 Collins street east, which have been suitably fitted up for a club. The formal opening of the club which has been married the " Melbourne Jewish Club" will take place at o'clock to-morrow even- ing. The objects of the club are to promote the social, moral, and intellectual welfare of the members of the Hebrew faith in this community. Unlike in other clubs no dice, cards, or other gambling games will be allowed on the premises which are to be used by ladies as well as gentlemen suitable apartments having been prepared for the fair sex. A syllabus has been prepared for the first half year and several gentlemen have promised to read papers deliver lectures &c.; Mr. E.L. Zox has been elected pre- sident, and the Revs. Dr. Abrahams, of the Melbourne Hebrew congregation, and E. Blaubaum, of St Kilda vice presidents. The club already numbers over 200 members and as they include several well-known musical and dramatic amateurs it is intended to place their services at the disposal of the public whenever any charitable entertain- ments are being got up. It was announced at the Public Works Committee meeting of the Richmond Council on Thursday night that the Victoria street bridge over which there has been so much discussion and wrangling. would probably be formally opened on the 3rd prox. for traffic. "Leaving Home for the First Time" is the title of a picture by Mr. T. C. Gotch, which has just been added to his collection in Mr. Fletcher's art gallery. It was paid the com- pliment of being hung on the line in the Paris Salon last year and tells a simple story with literal truth to nature and a certain streak of homely pathos. A French peasant girl is seated in the bottom and at the back of a cart in which she is being conveyed to service in the neighbouring town. She has never left home before and her face wears an expression in which sadness and resignation soften its natural hardness. Her hands are folded over her knees, add a few pansies gathered from the cottage garden lie on the trunk which contains her scanty wardrobe. Her mother has put on her best shaw — a flaming orange horror — in honour of the oc- casion and is carrying a present of dairy produce to the future mistress of her daugh- ter. The girls father in his blue blouse and cloth cap sits with his back to the spectator, but there is no mistaking his nationality. In fact you could predicate the face from the shape of his head. Every part of the compo- sition has been well thought out before it was put on the canvas. The care is in motion and there is a bright out-of-door feeling about the picture which makes itself flet the longer you look at it. To meet the growing requirements of his extensive mission, the very Rev. Dr. Corbett, of St Kilda, proposes to erect a second church at the corner of Grey and Neptune streets. The present church — St. Mary's, Dandenong road, Windsor — is inconveniently situated for many of the parishioners in our advertising columns. Messrs. Reed, Henderson, and Smart, architects, invite tenders for the election of the new church, which is to consist at a nave and side aisles, with sanctuary, two sacristies, and organ gallery. It will be in the Italian Renaissance style of architecture, carried out in brick with stone dressings. The main entrance to the new church will be from Grey street. The arrangements are approaching com- pletion for the concert to be given in the Town hall, on Saturday, March 1 by Madame Pauline Rita, who will then sing for the first time in Melbourne. One of the prin- cipal events of the evening will be the per- formance of Mr John Radcliff, the eminent English flautist, who will make his first ap- pearance. The list of assisting artistes in- cludes other attractive names, such as Madame Carlotta Tasca, Miss Christian, Signor Coy, Mr. Gordon Gooch, Mr David Lee, Herr Julius Siede, and Signor Zelman. Madame Rita promises a programme that will contain several novelties, including songs with flute accompaniment, specially written for her and Mr. Radcliff by Wilhelm Ganz and other composers. Mr Philip Plaisted, the well known organ- ist, announces in another column that at the request of a number of persons who wish to hear a repetition of the attractive composition by Lemmens, entitled "The Storm," he will give a concert next Saturday night in the Town-hall, in which that work will be reproduced. Further particulars, with the names of the vocalists assisting, will be duly advertised. 'The pantomime season at the Theatre Royal closed last evening, and a very large gathering saw the last performance of "Aladdin." There have been very entertain- ments of the class received so well in Mel- bourne, although as a spectacle, and in other important particulars, there have been many better. To-night, Mr. Alfred Dampier in- augurates a dramatic season, when The Vagabond's Australian drama "No Mercy," will be played. Since it was first produced in Melbourne "No Mercy" has been placed in Sydney, Adelaide, and other places with great success. A very satisfactory season in the country districts of this colony has just been concluded. At the close of another week the success of "Impulse" at the Princess Theatre is to be reiterated. The audiences have been uni- formly large, and the satisfaction they have experienced has been as unvaried. It is an- nounced for reproduction until further notice, and in connexion with that notification it may be remarked that, with the exception of "La Fille du Tambour Major" in 1880-81 "Impulse" is the only piece, at any rate for years, that has commenced at the same time as the pantomime at the Royal and run longer. The agent general of South Australia has forwarded to the Treasurer of that colony a copy of a German Imperial ordinance con- taining the regulations to be enforced in the empire for restricting the sale, the importa- tion, and the exportation of plants and other articles used in the shipyards, with a copy of a letter from the director of the Royal gardens, Kew, on the subject "This ordinance, " says the South Australian Register, " has been drawn up in conformity with the terms of the International Convention held in July of last year to consider the prevention of the spread of phylloxera, and it prohibits the importation of dug-up vine plants, dry branches, compost, garden mould, vinestakes, and supports which have been used across the frontier of the empire. The export of these articles is also forbidden, as well as the exportation of vine leaves for packing materials into the states which are parties to the convention. It is not allowed to export young vines or cuttings into such states unless the express sanction of the authorities has been given. Neither table nor image grapes can be introduced into the empire unless they are packed so that they can be easily examined, and so that the pest cannot be contained in them. The import and export of seedlings which do not belong to the vines, shrubs, and other plants which come from botanical gardens or otherwise, is only permitted through the Custom-house officers appointed for the pur- pose, and it has to be shown that the plants have been grown at least 20 metres from any vine, or at such a distance as to prevent the roots of the plants meeting and that there has been no phylloxera in the held in which they were grown. Certain exceptions are provided for, and in case of there being any breaches of the articles of the ordinance with regard to the importation of the vines, the plants are either to be sent back to the sender or are to be destroyed." With regard to the Soudan the Suakim correspondent of the Standard, under date December 21 states :— The rebellion is rapidly spreading wherever the Arab element of the population is dominant. From the borders of Abyssinia down the banks of the Nile even to the neighbourhood of Assouan, come rumours of trouble and discontent, and the tribes, too, of the shores of the Red Sea are joining what threatens to be a general Arab uprising against Egyptian and Turkish rule. Even those who are not prepared to acknowledge altogether the Mahdi's claims as a divine messenger are at least ready to follow his example in raising the cry of 'Down with the Pashas who have so long misruled them. At Jeddah and at Mecca we hear of suppressed excitement, and although to India as let the fame of the Mahdi has not penetrated, his letters have reached the shores of the Persian Gulf. One of these was inspected and translated a few weeks ago by Captain Nesham, of the Wood- lark. A rambling and disconnected docu- ment it is but the following few sentences taken from it will show that the Mahdi, at all events has no intention of limiting his operations to the Soudan. 'Take notice.' he writes, 'all ye Moslems, that this is the Age — the Age of the Lord of Time and of the Mahdi-bin-Hassan — against all the emissaries of Satan. To God pray ye continually that He will send down help to slay all the enemies of our father Adam, of our mother Eve, of our prophet Noah, of our prophet Abraham, of the provet Moses, of the prophet Jesus Christ, and of our prophet Mahomet. The bearer of this letter is the messenger of the Mahdi, the Lord of the Age who will shortly himself appear among you.' In Persia these documents are ridiculed. The population there mostly be- long to the Shah sect while the Mahdi is a Suni, and in some of the letters all Shias are threatened with destruction in this world and perdition in the world to come. On the Red Sea littoral, however, the Mahdi's mis- sives are eagerly persued and discussed. Not only his own victories, but those of his lieutenants are attracting attention, and these are being advanced as proof that it really is the genune Mahdi who has ap- peared." A Mr. T. R. Allison has put before the readers of The Times the result of some ex- preiments that he has just made with the purpose of solving the difficulty of feeding the poor in London. A month ago he determined to live without flesh of any kind, milk butter, eggs, cheese, tea, or coffee. After a month his weight had increased 3½lb. The following pas- sage explains the diet, which costs 6d. a day:— " Breakfast consisted of a basin of porridge made from a mixture of oatmeal and wheat meal, which I found more palatable than either singly. This I visually ate with bread, to ensure thorough insalivation. Then came bread fried in refined cotton-seed oil, or fried vege- tanble haggis; for drink I had a cup of cocoa, or fruit syrup with warm water and sugar. The cocoa used was an ordinary one, with plenty of starch in it, which makes a thick drink, and no milk is then required. Dinner consisted of a thick vegetable soup and bread, potato pie savoury pie, vegetarian pie, vegetable stew, stewed nee and tomatoes, &c.; For a second course I had bread plum- pudding, stewed rice and fruit, baked sago, tapioca and apples, stewed prunes, figs, raisins and bread. Tea meal consisted of bread and jam, stewed fruit, or some green stuff, as watercress, celery, tomatoes, &c.; I had only three meals a day, and frequently, when busy I had only two, and a cup of cocoa and a biscuit for supper. The annual returns of the volunteer force (states a London paper) now include, like those at the regular troops, a record of the ages and past services of the members com- posing it. On the 207,336 men of all ranks it appear that only 303 were under 17 years of age, and it is fair to assume that they were drummers or burlers. Under 18 the numbers are also low, a little over 7,000; but after this from 18 to 19, there is a jump to nearly 16,000, which is further increased by those year older to nearly 19,000, and still further by those from 20 to 21 years to 19,196, the latter being the highest total recorded. The full is only about 2,000 in the next year, 17,200, but it con- tinues in a gradual degree from 15,222 at 22 to 23 years to as low as 6,970 at 29 to 30 years from 30 to 35 the total is 18,931; from 35 to 40 years, 12,397, from 10 to 45, 2,001, from 45 to 50, 4 821, and upwards of 50 years, 2,801. Under the head of 'past services, it appears that those of one year's service and up to four years make up the large total of 128,682 — thus, one year, 43,783, two years', 35,511, three years', 28,316 and three to four years', 20,685 from four to live years' service, the total is 15,093 , from five to six years, 11,574 , from six to seven years', 8,844 , from seven to eight years, 7,303; from eight to nine years', 6,072; from nine to ten years, 4,948, from 10 to 15 years, 12,704; from 15 to 20 years', 6725 ; and upwards of 20 years 5,168. Lord Houghton, speaking at a meeting of the Society of French Teachers, in January, said (observed the St. James's Gazette) "that the capacity to speak the French language with perfect fluency and correctness is the rarest of rare accomplishments among Eng- lish men of letters. Perhaps the Englishmen who are most proficient in colloquial French are neither men of letters nor men of society, but those members of the mercantile com- munity whose business requires them to be in constant spoken and written intercourse with Frenchmen. As of literary men and scholars it is a remarkable fact that while Frenh literature is the fashion of the day in this country, so that anybody with any pre- tention to culture is supposed to known good deal about French writers of the third, fourth, and fifth rank, we do not speak French much better than our fathers, and probably not so well as our grandfathers, One reason for this, of course is the hopelessly bad teaching of French in many of our public schools." "Our Loves" at the Bijou theatre, was played last evening before a large audience. The fine impersonation by Mr J. L. Hall of Bob Blewett, was cordially appreciated, and the manner in which the other characters were sustained also received general ap- proval. The Fakir of Oolu gave his interesting entertainment at the Opera house last night and it was enjoyed by a large number of persons. He appears again to night for the last time for the present. To-night the Federal Minstrels will once again resume occupation of the Victoria Hall. The old favourites, Messrs Horace Bent, Beaumont Read. N. La Feuillade, Braham, and Amery are still members of the com- pany, whilst several new names appear on the programme. A visited minstrel entertainment is an- nounced for this evenings People's Concert in the Temperance hall, Russell street, the Combination Serenaders having been re- engaged by the committee. The programme will include songs and duets by Messrs. Pope, West, Carroll, and Thomas, double songs and dances by Messrs. J. Gardner and G. Jones,Irish specialties by Mr George Bur- ness, negro sketches by Mr. Dave Gardner, and clog and other dances by Miss Daven- port. The first past will conclude with the sketch, "Scenes from a Circus," and the whole will end with the negro farce, "Tricks on Travellers." Miss Dwight will be the pianiste. The city organist we will perform the follow- ing selectrions on the grand organ this even- ing, at 8 o'clock:— Overture, "La Gazza Landra" (Rossine); dance, :Moresque" (Kilner); grand selection, Faust "(Gounod), military march, "The Roll Call" (Rouville); national fantasia on American airs, arranged by David Lee. Finale, National Anthem. Advantage was taken on Wednesday even- ing last of the approaching departure of the Rev. J. M. Abernethy, of Port Melbourne for a trip to the old country to present him with a purse of 70 sovereigns the presentation was made by Mrs. Moyle and Mrs. Armstrong, on behalf of the congregation at the close of the usual week night service, as a mark of esteem and a tribute to the success of his labours during his pastorate of 14 years The rev gentleman in all acknowledg- int the gift, said he had always striven to do his best since his coming among them and he regarded the gift as an indication that his labours were not without success. On Tuesday evening next, the Rev. H. F. Scott, of Footscray will deliver his popular lecture "Ireland — Historical, Critical, Face- tious," in the town-hall, Hotham, in aid of the parsonage fund of St. Georges, Royal- park. The lecture will be illustrated by selections from Irish national airs. The chair will be taken by Mr. Laurens, M. L. A., at 8 o'clock. An open air meeting for the advocacy of the principles of total abstinence will be held on the Queen's wharf to morrow (Sun- day afternoon) at 3 o'clock. Mr. George Hughes will be in attendance to enrol mem- bers and issue pledge- cards. To-night the fifth annual meeting of the Victorian Tonic-Sol-Fa Association will be held at the School of Music, Russell-street. A combined public demonstation in favour of the principals of the total abstinence will be held in the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, on Tuesday evening next, when the platform will be occupied by the district officers and members of the Independent Order of Recha- bites and the members of the Fitzroy Recha- bite Lifeboat Crew. The chair will be taken by D. C. R., Brother John Taylor, of Kil- more; and addresses will be delivered by the Rev . Joseph Walker Ballarat; Messrs. J. R. Heath, W. Bell v Stewart, T.S. Garland, and S. Manager. The members of the Life- boat Crew will contribute selections of vocal and instrumental music and recitations and dialogues. Miss Laughton will preside at the piano. The directors of the Metropolitan Gas Com- pany granted the usual holiday to the em- ployés on the 12th and 14th inst., when they proceeded to Mordialloc to hold their annual picnic, Mr. Rennison having granted the use of his grounds. The picnic had to be held on the days, on account of the company being unable to release all the employés at one time. The first picnic left Prince's-bridge station on the 12th, the second on the 14th inst, the numbers being about 400 each day. From "An Old Colonist" we have re- ceived the sum of £94 10s. for distribution amongst the Melbourne charities as fol- lows :— Melbourne Hospital £26 5s.; Alfred Hospital, £5 52.; Austin Hospital for In- curables, £21; Childrens Hospital £ 10 10s.; Lying-in-Hospital, £5 5s.; Society for the Pro- tection of Animals, £5 5s.; Blind Asylum, £5 6s.; Deaf and Dumb Institution, £5 5s,; Mel- bourne Orphanage, £5 5s.; and the Melbourne Ladies Benevolent Society, £5 5s. Attention is called to an advertisement in the tenders to the purchase of 85 shares in the Newcastle Coal Company, New South Wales. Tenders will be opened on Thursday next at noon. The weekly report of the Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital is as follows :— In- patients.— Remaining from last week 30; admitted, or discharged 7; remaining in house 28. Out patients. — Males. 118; females 108, new cases 57 , total, 283. Operations, 11. An open meeting of the Pioneer Lodge I. O. G. T. was held at the Temperance- hall on Thursday evening last. A large number of outsiders entered, who were shown into seats by the lodge members. The chair having been taken by brother A. Downie, Sister F, M. T. Banks the lodge pianist, played a solo. This was followed by a recitation, "The Life Boat" rendered by Brother Bayu- ham. The popular song " Wait till the Clouds roll by," sung by Brother A. Downie, evoked an enthusiastic encore. The duet of the Sisters Banks and the recitation of Brother Leichardt gained rounds of applause, as also did the singing of Sister M .Donald. During the evening a practical and humorous address was given by Brother A. M. Neilage, who pointed out the objects of the order. It is intended to hold "open nights" frequently, and the dates will be advertised. The members of the Australasian Secular Association held a social evening last night to welcome Mr Joseph Symes the lecturer who has arrived from England. The gather- ing took place at what has hitherto been known as Hudson's and the Lyceum Theatre. The building has now been taken on lease by the association and it is to be called the Hall of Science. The company numbered about 300 and dancing was enjoyed to the music of the Bavarian Band. On Sunday Mr. Gillies will deliver his first lecture at the Hall of Science on the subject of " Substitutes for Religion." Mr. Thomas Walker, president of the association is leaving for Sydney to take charge of the local branch there. The following is the report of the Lying in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending 14th February :— Patients in hospital, 68; admitted during the week, 19; discharged, 25; died, 0; remain in hospital, 62; total number of out- patients to the week 124; new cases 29. The Gipps Land Lakes Navigation Com- pany intimate by adverisement that they have had on a steamer for Bruthen, River Tambo, which is the direct route for Omeo and the adjacent districts. It is stated that passengers can now leave Melbourne one day and at of Omeo the next. The Tambo River steamer starts from Paynesville Lake King, and coaches are in readiness to con- vey passengers through from Bruthen to Omeo. The Port Phillip Steamship and Hotel Company Limited announce their new paddle steamer Lonsdale to run a moonlight bay ex- cursion this evening leaving Sandridge rail- way pier at half-past 8 and returning again at 11 o'clock. It will be seen by the company's advertisement that the early Monday morn- ing trips from Queenscliff and Sorrento have been discontinued for the remainder of the present season. In consequence of the Golden Crown being engaged for a charter on Wed- nesday next, the Lonsdale will make the trip round the bay watering places on that day, calling at Schnapper Point, Dromana, Sor- rento, Queenscliff and back by the same route. We are requested to call the attention of residents of South Yarra to an advertisement in another column from Mr. W. P. Buck- hurst, of Kent-villa, Albert-park, with regard to establishing a bowling-green in South Yarra. Land sales are advertised to be held this afternoon at Canterbury-park, Surrey-hills, and Payne's Estate, Malvern, by Messrs. Fraser and Co.; at the Fairfield-park Exten- sion, Alphington, by Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co.; and at Dalley's orchard, Hawthorn, by Mr. F. L. Flint; and by G. D. Langridge and Son, of allotments of land at Clifton-hill and Collingwood. 