Local and General. WHILB playing cricket in the yard at the rear of his mother's residence, Macquariestreet, on- Wednesday afternoon tfaster A. Shelley fell and broke his right leg. TEE following tenders have been accepted : —Gibbs and Fell—Erection of gas works buildings, Hospital for Insane, Gladesville. Richard Hennessy—Contract IK, road round Gee's Bock, Oolo, at schedule rates. THE " intellectual" little game known as "headin"em" was indulged in by a number of roughs congregated in Church-street south on Sunday afternoon last. Their operations were carried on in a most open manner, and the language indulged'in by them was at times of a most disgusting nature. A CORRESPONDENT points out that when railway lines aa« about to be duplicated itis usnal to erect a line' of fencing between the works in course of construction and the permanent way. Had this been done between Parramatta and Penrith the terrible accident which recently befel the unfortunate man Ward could not have occurred. IK another column will be found an advertisement tiaement by Mr. Air. James Granger, baker, of Church-street, Parramatta; in which he draws attention to a new kind of cake manufactured by him. Mr. Granger hopes that it will become a popular dainty, and especiallyBO sorial gatherings, etc., rang exceedingly ligl of a pure white colour, ana made both plain mid ornamented. As the Wagga Wagga Pastoral and Agricul tural Society's annual show, held during the early part of the present week, Mr. W. Bitchie s {Granville} collection ,of agricultural implements suitable for the district was highly commended. The same makefobtained second place in the treble-furrow ploi being beaten by the renowned Lennon, of Melbourne. As old man named Richard Mori, who was found in a rery exhausted condition in Boundary-street on the 26th August by Constable Hope, and conveyed to the Parramatta District Hospital, died in that Institution on Wednesday morning. When picked np Jlort appeared to be in a .dying state, and it was thought that he would not survive many hours after his admis sion to the Hospital. TEI "S.M. Herald " BayBThe late MR. Nicholas Anchorena, who died latelyat Buenos Ayres, was jprobably the richest fanner in the world. His executors report bis rural estates as' follows:—.Land, 1710 square miles; cows, 16b,000; sheep, 410,000. He also owned much house property m Buenos Ayres, and his assets have been valued at £2,100,000. He inherited £200,000 from his father thirty years ago. THE quarterly purple lecture of the Cumber- land District, LO.O.F., M.U., was given in the District Chamber, Friendly {Societies' Hall, on Thursday evening last, and was attended by the Sydney officers of the order, as well a* members from the metropolis. npolia, The only district offioer preeent was Brother L. Menser, Provincial C. S. of thp Cumberland District At the conclusion of the ceremony the offioera partook of refreshments at Gibson's Hotel. THE action, E. H. Bolisario v. the Commissioner for Railways, to recover compensation for injuries received at tho South Creek Bailway Station, on' the night of the 21st March, 1883, owing to the being impertectly in the Jury Uoart on and resulted in a verdict for the •ages £4000. The medical eTien ce went to show that plaintiff was not likely to recover the use of hie knee-caps, both having been broken, and that the only chance was for plaintiff to undergo a ds^gerous operation which was seldom resorted to. A SAD fatal accident happened to a railway guard named William Jones, son of Mr. W. Jones, of Parramatta, about 3 o'clock on Thursday morning. He was in charge of the night goods train from Bathurst, which he brought as far as Penrith, where his duties terminated. He had then to go a distance of about a mile and a half along the line to reach his home, situated at the Cross Roads. In order to save himself the trouble of walking he proceeded to cross the lines to catch a goods train about to start for Sydney, in which he intended to ride as far as his residence. The engine which brought down Jones' train was shunting at the time on the line on which he was walking, and it came up behind, knocked him down, and crushed him beneath the fire- box. The poor fellow was extricated from his position as soon as possible, but he died about two hours later. An inquest was held on the body by Mr. J. K. Lethbridge (District Coroner) during the afternoon, and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. De- ceased was a married man, and leaves a wife and six children. At the time of the occur- rence Jones' father was absent at Mudgee, where he had gone to be preent at the railway opening. OK Thursday evening Mr. S. Clark some Ghost stories in the Primitive Mel Church, Macquarie-atrest. lie said that he fully believed in the .existence of ghosts, although they might sometimes be invisible, and he even quoted Scripture in support of his theory. He remarked, Eowever, that as a role it would not be safe to credit more than one in every hundred ghost stories heard. At the •lose a collection was taken up in aid of the Sunday school,* and on the motion of Mr. Newling, seconded by Mr. Boulston, a vote of thanks was accorded Mr. dark. WB clip the following item of news from the account of the Manly mid Flower Show in the "Sydney Morning - Herald" of yesterday (Friday). " Mr. Cyrus E. Fuller, of the Stationers' Hall, who has lately been residing at Manly, has a stall close by the last-named exhibit Mr. Fuller, always looking far ahead, has appropriately shown a large ana interesting variety of Christmas cards. It would be almost superfluous to say anything of their excellence; but some of the hand-painted gelatines are perfect gems of their kind. The proceeds from this stall go to the general object of the show." THE usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Parramatta Benevolent Society was held on Wednesday evening. Present:—The Bev. Canon Giinther (in the chair), and Messrs. J. Byrnes, W. J. Ferris, John Golledge (treasurer), G. T. Hunt, E. Mason, L. Menser {secretary), F. S. Ryan, J. Smith, and F. T. Wattons. The secretary apologised for the absence of Mr. C. B.«Cairnes. It was shown that the disbursements for the month amounted to%£97 4s ltd, and the treasurer announced the receipt of £5 12s since the date of annual meeting. The secretary reported that the number of persona in receipt of relief from the society on the 31st August last was 29—24 females and five males. The secretary also stated that (he annnal report had been printed and copies thereof distributed amongst the subscribers. Several of the committeemen' complained that they had not been called upon for iheir past year's subscriptions, and thought the report should not have been sent out in the manner that it had been. The Ladies' Committee reported that they had met on the previous day, when it was decided to request the President to convene a meeting of ladieB interested in the society in order to revise the names on the ladies committee, and better provision for the performance of their duties. The report was received, and the President and Secretary were authorised to make the necessary arrangements for complying with the request of the ladies. The meeting then terminated. DORWQ the hearing of a charge of larceny before Captain McCrae aad Mr. F. S. Ryan at the Parramatta Police Court, on Friday, some most disgraceful proceedings were enacted. The caBe for the prosecution having been brought to a conclusion, Sub-inspector Webb asked for a remand for the production of further evidence, but the Bench considered such a course unnecessary, as they had made up their minds. This drew forth the remark from Mr. Richardson (solicitor for the defence) that _ he was very sorry to hear their worships say so before any defence had been entered into, and he proceeded to comment upon what he termed the audacity of the Bench, a remaik which was taken objection to by Mr. Ryan. After some further remarks Mr. Richardson commented at some length on the evidence, and concluded by saying that the Bench " dare not oonviot" his client. Their Worships replied that they would refuse to hear Mr. Richardson if he continued to treat them with oontempt, but that gentleman asserted that they had not power under the present Act to do so. When the Bench announced that they had decided to fine defendant, Mr. Richardson said that he had never heard of audi a monstrosity in his life, and was proceeding to apeak further when Mr. Byan ordered the Sergeant to adjourn the Court, and left the Bench. Mr. Biohardson then asserted that the Court had not pronounced sentence, bnt after he had been satisfied opon that sunt, intimated that he would appeal against the decision, and after some argument had been expended his Worship refused to fix the amount of recognisance, as requested by Mr. Richardson. THB annual inspection of the Parramatta Volunteer Company was made by Colonel Richardson, Commandant of the New South Wales Volunteer Forces, on Thursday afternoon. He was accompanied by Captain Mackenzie and Adjutant Hill, of tho 3rd Regiment. The .Colonel first visited the Armoury, where wnere he ne carefully carernuy examined the books, which he found correct, and he complimented Colour-Sergeant Cooganoa the efficient manner in whichhe kept the various records. He then proceeded to the Parramatta Park, where the men to thrf number of seventy-three were drawn up. The following officers were present:—Captain Byrnes and Lieutenants Barnett and Ferris, together with a number of non-commissioned officers. After the rifles, swords, and uniforms of the men had been scrutinisingfy inspected, Colonel Richardson ordered Lieutenant Ferfia to put the company through manual and firing exercises, which was done with credit to bow officers and men. Captain Byrnes then pat them through company &UI;, after which the men were msrehed round to the rear of Old Government House, where they performed the various evolutions of light infantry drill. The right half oompany was commanded by lieutenant Barnett, ana the left by Lieutenant Ferris. Captain Byrnes then took charge of the company, and after putting them through some additional drills the men were dismissed. The Commandant sent far the officers, and oomplimented them on the p*cflH"nt manner in which the drills had been gone through, colarly mentioning the and exercises and the company drill. He also expressed himself highly pleased at the amount of intelligence shown by the junior officers in oarrying out the various exercises. lance- Coiporal Boy and Privates Haigh and Watt were called out of the ranks and complimented on the cleanliness of their uniforms. The oompany presented a splendid appearanoe aa they marched past, and their move merits, with one or two trifling cxc* were all that could be desired. The force is one of which Parramatta should feel proud. We clip the following from an article under the heading of " A trip to Parramatta " contributed to the " Kiama Reporter " by a writer signing himself " Cosmopolitan " :— " I paid a visit to the Macquarie-street Asylum, formerly known,as the Erysipelas Hospital.. The Lady Superintendent or matron, Mrs. Cunningham, is a model of management, discipline, and kindness. The institution stands on 4 acres of ground, exclusive of a vegetable garden of two acres, there are 10 dormitories, 3 hospital wards, and a detached cottage for infectious diseases. I found 312 patients, being 12 in excess of the regular accommodation. The wards are lighted with gas, for warmth there are gas stoves, the wards are as clean as clean can be, the bedding clean and plentiful, not a bug to be found, and the work is all done by the patients. There are 4 cooks, the head cook gets 6d and the 3 underlings 3d per day, 50 wardsmen some at 4d others at 2d per day, two gardeners at 2d per day, 1 messenger at 3d per day ; a man that loon after poultry 6d per day. The Lady Superintendent has only one nurse to help her, she has the entire management and responsibility, she is the judge in all disputes, the most trifling occurrence is reported to her and entered in a day book or diary ; such a book has been kept for 10 years, and that is a curiosity I can assure you ; no person can leave the institution without her permission, all provisions are inspected by her, on the day of my vist the meat was rejected as not up to contract ; she looks after the interests of her inmates as she would her own family. All clothing, boots, etc,, are made, in the institution, the workmen receiving so much a day ; the ages of the inmates average from 55 to 70, very few young men ; deaths about 20 per quarter ; smokers are allowed a stick of tobacco a week, workers get two. Mrs. Cunningham is respected by all her flock. In passing through the wards with her, with her genial smile and kind words to the suffering ones she was like a beam of sunshine to the poor fellows ; she has framed rules which must be obeyed, but she rules by love. The garden and poultry yard supply vegetables for the daily supply and eggs and chickens for the hospital. For the manage- ment of such an institution I put the salary down at £300 but I was surprised to find that £170 was the sum in full, with quarters, far too little in my estimation. There are some wonderful old people there. I saw James McMullen, 99 years of age who fought under Lord Nelson at Trafalgar ; Joseph Allen aged 97, the first man who went up the Parramatta in a boat ; a short time since James O'Neal died at the age of 104, a Waterloo man. The Trafalgar man has not got a single tooth, and on each anniversary of that battle Mrs. Cunningham gives him a glass of grog not three parts water." " Cosmopolitan " also speaks in high tones of Smith's Woolpack Hotel, Parramatta, which he says is equal to any in Sydney or Melbonme. Held oover. —Reports of Amusements, Windsor and Prospect correspondence, and paper by Cerberus. 