A GHOST STORY FROM THE PACIFIC. A correspondent in Canton sends us CPaU Matt Gazette) the following story for the spiritualists from the Marshall Islands : — The end of last year, or the beginning of this, an American ship, the Ranier, was wrecked on these islands, and about 20 men found refuge on them. But their number beinir too larae for their suoplv of pro visions it was agreed that the party should separate. The captain caused a small 20 ton Bchooner to be built of the remains of the wreck, and taking 20 of the crew and a share of the provisions sailed away for another island of the group about 300 miles off. The rest of the crew was left in charge of the first mate — a son-in-law of the captain. The second mate was sent off to make his way to Saigon and appeal for aid. This he did, finally reaching Hong Kong, when the U,S, corvette Essex was dispatched to the rescue, carrying the second mate as a guide. Meanwhile the king of the island on which the shipwrecked men were, who was kind and friendly to them, was full of forebodings as to the fate of the captain's party and the second mate ; said they would never see them again, and so on. But one day he came with different tidings. It seems he was in the habit of holdincr smritual communion with his dead wife, by name Olivia. In one of the seances he had, I suppose, asked her if she could give him any tidings, any hopes for his shipwrecked friends. She said that on a Sunday a sail would be seen, and they would be rescued. The king brought this news with great joy to the refugees, and with some curiosity they awaited the result. This most hare been some four months after they were wrecked. Sure enough on the following Sunday a sail was seen, but in spite of their efforts to attract attention the ship passed on her course. But the Sunday after that the rescuing ehip, the Essex, ap peared in eight, and eventually took them all off. This story was related by an officer of the Essex to a friend of mine, who at once came and told it to m*. I will add, for the benefit of any ardent spiritualists or' newspaper correspondents who may desire to go at once to the Marshall Islands in search of new revelations from eavage mediums, or to interview the king that these islands bib in the North Pacific Ocean, to the S.W. ot the Sandwich Isles, and that there is very little communication with them. it back, accompanied with a cake of scented soap. Now they sever speak as they pass by. Fxebs and Boos, beetles, insects, roaches ante, bed-buge, rate, mice, gophers, chip munks, cleared out by 'Bough on Bate.' E. H. Faulding & Co,, Agente, Adelaide. When a young man walks with a girl as though he is afraid some one would see him, the girl is his sister. If he walks bo close to her as to nearly crush her against the house, she is some one else's sister. Gataebh of the Bladder. — Stinging irritation, inflammation, all Kidney and similar Complaints, cured by ' Buchu-paiba.' At druggists. J?. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. A man claims to have a wife so hot tempered that he can light his cigar from the flash of her eyes. He made a good match when he married her. Wells' 'Bough on Coens.' — Ask for Welle* Bough on Corns.' Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Ade laide. A SINGLE SPADE DUOPPBD UPON A DYING ember may revive the inextinguishable flame, just as a little draught of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Ahomatic Schnapps, gratefully diffusing itself throughout the system, may refresh the languishing spirits and rekindle the fading glow of exhausted vitality. A drop of water to the parched tongue may sare a Iif3 elsewise drying up from burning thirst. It is in timely appli cation, and the potency of the thing ad niisistered, the good is consummated. Hollqwa-x's Ointment and Pills aTe the best, the cheapest, and the most popular of remedies. The seasons change and cir cumstances vary, but these remedies can always be used with certainty and with safety. Eruptions, rashes, and all de criptions of skin diseases, sores, ulceratione, and burns are presently benentted and ul timately cured by these healing, soothing, and purifying medicaments. The Ointment rubbed upon the abdomen checks irritation in the bowels, averting and curing diarrhoea and other disorders of the intestines fre quently prevailing through the summer aud fruit seasons. Heat lumps, blotches, pimples, inflammations of the skin, muscular pains, neuralgic affections, and enlarged glands can be effectively overcome by using Holloway's remedies according to the in structions accompanying every packet. ^f Public Notice. — Our reader's attention is called to Cross's Advertisement, which appears is another part of our paper. *?T Forbidden to Mahet. — ThiB is to give notice that all persons found Buffering from Indigestion can be cured by taking Caoss'e IlTDIOESriOK DEOPS. 