Miss Truepenny's Fortieth \- . ~ ? Christmas. i i1-^ (From ' Booton's Christmas Annual.') , (Concluded from our issue of 8th instant.) . Obadiah sat there a moment, broken and trembling with' a little argument that \yent on within him, aud he wiped the cold sweat that started to his brow. Thon he put away the bills, aud wont up.tp Dobson on the bank above. ' ?' Elizabeth looked up when her father entered the store, looked over and beyond her father expectantly, and with an air of hopeful' certainty a little fretted by delay. Her finger rostcd upon a place in the ledger, aud pn tho desk lay a crumpled mass of bills held, down by a rusty old weight. B,ut her father shuffled on, and there was no step after his. The long hours jof the afternoon went slowly by; shadows began to lengthen, and the heat and dust of tho day were tempered by the approach of evening. j Still Elizabeth lingered at the' desk, unconsciously held there by a weight of suspense, of vague and harrowing fear. It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered under the Bide window, and the confused murmur of their voices reached her troubled senses through the broken panes of glass. At last, with fatal precision, these words fell upon her ear : 'Three thousand dollars ! it was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorso to make off with. The young scalawag somehow outwitted them all. They do say the money belonged to Miss True penny.' Then Miss Truepenny got down from tho stool, and, takiug her hat from its accustomed peg, walked out the door homeward. By tho time her, father came, hot and flustered, with oven a more shuffling' step thaii' usual, and took his seat at the table, Elizabeth- was as calm and cool as ever. Her :fingers held to him the brimming cup of tea, and not a drop therein quivered; her keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to the dusky laburnums at tho garden gate, then they returned again and settled themselves upon his face. ' So Matthew G-orse took my money to-day and ran away with it ? ' she said ' Yes, yes,' replied the old man, his shaking hand spilling the tea upon the snowy cloth ; ' so they say, Bess. You shouldn't 'a trusted him. But it didn't matter ;. he was a thief and Bcoundrel before.' ' It did matter,' said Elizabeth. ' He took those three thousand dollars and went away, did he, father ? ' Her voice grew shrill with a sudden overpowering tone oE yearning, and Bhe looked steadily at the old man. ' Yes, yes,' stammered Obadiah, his voice also getting shrill, and his chin shaking painfully. ' But don't mind, Bess ; I'll make it up to you, every penny of it,. and more.' ' No,' she said, in a hard, bitter voice, ' you can't give it to me, nobody can. You can't make it up to me — nothing can.' And Obudiah found to his dismay that nothing could induce Elizabeth to take from him the three thousand dollars. Her own three thousand hidden away became a curse to him. She made him feel like a thief himself. B e had, after all, taken her money, as Matthew G orse had taken his. jSTo- matter what the motive was, there the money lay— stolen from her, concealed, put out of her reach or knowledge. The thought was misery to. him. The fiver that lie had done this thing to save her from fulling, into what he thought was- a snare of the devil, mat tered littlo to him now. If Matthcv.' Gorse had told him, and he had -known, thai; tho money lie had. taken was spent in some righteous way, ifc wouldn't have raised tlio young man a whit iu Iris estimation. Money vrns monby, and it must belong sonic where' If. it was taken from its rightful owner, tho omj wlio'took it was a thief — there lay the whole matter. ' , ' ' Tlim, epigrammatic way of settling it mi'Aa tho old man's hair white in a ye.nv. tocik all the cuimiug out oi insoyc.'K, put. in his iV.co something weak dud pitiable,1 but changed it vastly'' for the better — wonderfully for rlie ? betrer. if Matthew ' Gorse could havo mot Iris uncle in the streets of Plimpton Centre a few years after ho- parted with ' hisn, ho wouldn't have known him. Ho 'would havo lifted hia'liat to tho bent, drooping, white-haired old man, and passed rever ently by. j , , . But ? theso' yctu's that bont and shattered tlio body and soul of Obadiah Truepenny Ktieiiicu to harden' and petrify and --preserve his daughter. Sho grew strajghtcr and stiffen- and sterner said coldci1, till she might almost as well havo been made out of stone. ? Obudiah could find no fault. She poured out his tea for him, sit ih'u nge oli thirty, .with tho pauio punctuality mid accuracy. ,'thiit had .mnrk'cil that court-csv:- ton -years before. She 'was now the soul-'aiid centre or tlui biii-i-. ness in. jPiiajptoii, \yLich lad greatly' pros [lere'd,.. now jtiiat' 'the ' railway* rail through' tiio ; i town. She boiiglifc and sold,, bargained and. trafficked, with the long. head;. and' sagacious foresight i he had .credited her with wliqu-V'sbe was'-:buti a' girl.; ? . And alHegaj culprits had the. 'samq reason to fear her that they found long ago ! with . hor father. She had no nierey, not eVeh j when he pleaded for them, as: he did often and strenuously; so that, being a legal culprit himaelf, he began to 'tremble at her approach, and crept away to his' own room, there .to 'shiver and moan, and vainly strive for courage to undo what'he had 'done. 3?or of what avail would it be now to make Mb daughter, the one being on earth dear to him, hate and despise Mm and cast him from her? ' ?'-'?..'??? ; Obadiah meant to tell his daughter all, as he had sworn so to do ; but he had'nqt stipulated when. The time was not in the bond, and the moment had never come to him when it seemed eiiBy, or indeed possible to 'fulfil his promiso to Matthew. He determined he would tell her in five years — in ten ; he put it off to fifteen, and then took the crime to his conscience to lie there a curse for ever. ? Elizabeth waa thirty-seven years old when one morning Obadiah walked down the main street o£ Plimpton, loaning ? heavily upun';h'ia gold-headed cane, and was-suddonly hailed from afar :by a voice that seemed familiar to him, and yet it did not appoar possible that the disoputablo .and dilapidated trairtp approaching could ever havo been known to him. Tho man's head was bound up in a red handkerchief, and despite the freezing air, a woollen shirt and overalls seemed to comprise his wardrobe. ' ' You don't know me, do : you, deacon ?' he said, coming close to the old man ; 'andTifi' blest i if at first I could make youjout. .iltfdon't seem as if livin' ... ou-the fat-o'- the land and sleepin' v,on .fbeds,, o' down has j done much for you! 'any more'n starvation and camp'in'^out ^ has' : done for mo. The game's. pretty well played for both of 'us, , I reckon; but I want to toll you, deacon, that there's somebody on the war-path. Unbeknown to myself, I did you a bad turn out yonder.! ' Out where, Dobson?' said Obadiah. Perhaps there was only one other face in the world so stamped upon Mb memory that he could have known it after all these years of hardship and frustration. But in that scene down by the mill-dam, this man Dobson was a mute and unconscious, partaker, and Mr. Truepenny's memory was keen to agony here. ' In the mines,' said Dobson. ' I fell upon your nephew, Mat, out ? there. Yes, I did, deacon, that's a fact ; and sheer ill luck and misery followed me from that minute. I'm blest : if he wasn't a regular Jonah; he had the cussedest ill fortune in everything he undertook, and things went from bad to worse right straight aloug. . Oiie don't talk of home much outthatway, deacon ; think of it, you understand; moro or less all tho time, but don' t: talk oE' it. But that day I throw up my hand ; couldn't stand it, caved right in, seventeen miles1 from camp, dead cleaned out, no whisky even. AVe get down in a frozen ledge* Mat and I, the sky heavy as lead over us, and some big black wings Jlappin' down. 'AVe'll leave our bones here, Mat,' says I, ' and. them 'varmints up there'll pick 'em clean.' And says Mat — he always took things quiet, you see — says Mat, ' As well here as any ?where.' And says I, ' Mat, no ; I'm blest if I wouldn't ruther be covered up clean in Plimpton churchyard, and so would you if you hadn't made off with that money of Elizabeth True penny's ;' and, Lord ! if there was ever a mad' miner, stark, ' ravin' mad — But hold on, deacon ! here, lean on me. Don't take on about it; ten chances to one his bones are bleachin' out there now. It ain't half so easy to, get back as to go. He swore he'd come, and what Mat undertook in that line he generally put through ; but he was pretty well caved, his right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' old congh stuck to him night and day. Ho started on the trail and left me clean behind ; but, deacon, I think he clipped out, I do in deed.' ,.....,,.:'!'''' : Something in the face of: the deacon touched and- went far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed arid haggard aud grey. '? -'?'.'..'. ..'' .'.:.,' ; -: ? ? The people in Plimpton iCentre thought it a fine thing to see the deacon go up the main street leaning upon the arm of the .miserable Dobson. ' That's true piety,' they . said, and doffed their hats reverent!}' to the poor, old gentleman. .That night tlieldeiuiou was no longer able to take the cup of tea from .the hand .of his .daughter.-' Sho went up to his room wish it, and held it to- his lips, and looked. down upon him- with her cold keen eyes. . ' What night ia it, Bess?' 'he said. ' I hoard the church bell a- bit a;;o.' ' It is Christinas night, father.' ' G-o down, Boss, go down, and bid Betty build tho Christmas iire upon the hearth. Bid her get out tho black berry wiue. . Someone may need the warmth and cheor to-night.' 'You aro best in bed, father.' : ' ' Ay, but go down as I bid ymi, Bess ; make it bright and cheery and warm belf-'.i- there.' W'Jien 'Elizabeth returned to her father, ho held; out : to her his shaking, hand. ' . -?'.??? . '?How.olil are you to-day ?' ho said ; 'how old, Bess — God help me, how old?' ? '?? -: ?'.'*: ??'??:?? - «,...-? ' Thirfcy-f oven years, father,' she said, and nniiled b'itterly. ? ? , . : ' And can't you got a bit warm with' tho Christmas firo, Hess, and ! Betty's wine? It's the day our Savjour was born to Have-uiisorablo siniiers. You, are so cold. and white, Bess; poor. sinter- iN'an Uiin't bo much colder nnd wlvs'tor, though she's been a ghost this! many a yeiir, einee.cvor Matt-how G-orso was born.' '''': .;. ' ;; ' : . ' ' ..?.?;-.. A b the sound of thai; r.aine. E! i/.abeth's eyelids fell. A shudder crept ^through lv..T frame.. . Fomothing '.that 'had .been dead within. .her! : sprmiyV to jiifo with a birth-pang of sinister joy. .:,( ? ? - ' It's a cold hbarthstono,' .inujifcoircd hei' i'tithei1,; . ' a lonely,; one' this : mawy a1 year. ; Keep .tho Christmas firo bright, Bess ;'lio.:irihy.cbme !home-at any time.: I've .righted him in. ?myvvril'l. Youf won't grudge him the money,, Bess? 1 did him afquljwrong'.' ' ' j ' Here he raised himself on liis olbow and looked pleadingly ill; her faco. ; '»? -i ' Pather;'/ said Elizabeth, in a 'harsh strained voice,- ' didn't Matthew Gorso take'my money and'run.'awa'y with it ? ' 'No, no, no,'; said- the, old: man, and fell' back upon .the bed! 'He sent it back' to you with a message, Bess. I'd ha' told you long ago, but. I got more and more scared of you; but he told me to tell you for your, sweet sake — for your sweet sake — ' ' Oh, my God !' said Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. Then Obadiah fell into broken sobs and exclamations, and told her all. Obadiah Truepenny died that night, and when, upon the day of tho funeral, the will was read, the 'people of Plimp ton Centre thought it a wicked and unjust thing for Seacon Trnepenny to leave half his fortune to that scape grace of a nephew, Matthew Gorse. Time rolled on, however, and Mat thew did not come to claim his inherit ance. Every night the ' ruddy glow frpm Miss Truepenny's sitting-room windows gleamed half-way across the road, but it was fully three years after ward that it ehone iupon a shabby, dishevelled, fierce-looking vagrant, who stooped upon the door-step. to put some of the snow by the waysido upon his burning, throbbing . head. HiVbreath was nearly spent, and tho Christmas bells that rang out from the church bolow made a confusion in his brain. His shaking hand raised the massive old silver knocker, but Betfy did not uufaBten tho chain. 1 Obadiah Truepenny ? ' she said. 'Why, Lord b' mercy, he's ? dead and birripd these threo ypars ! '?'? ( ?* ' Dead ! ' said Matthqw,;aiid dropped on the door-sill like a stone. That word was like a bullet to him. ' Dead ! ' he -'gasped ont, arid gave up the struggle. He fell on his face along the porch, and there Elizabeth found him. » Some hours after he opened his eyes upon the wide pleasant old sitting room. The Christmas fire was burning upon the hearth, casting a ruddy glow upon the homespun carpet; blazing upon the polished heads of brass, the quaint old heads of andirons, shovel and tongB, staring at each other from their separate cornets, just ' us iu the old time ; flickering upon the solid old mahogany sideboard, with its chubby decanters and tall : glasses, its big square tray, upon which that Japanese woman had beeri falling slant wise through the air all these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers on the mountain by her side ; lighting up the high . straight-backed chairs, the tall mirror, the dried grasses on the mantel, the geraniums still blos soming in the warm south window; heating the air with a home scent of pine, a resinous odour of tho'old woods, . that wont straight ;itb the soul of the poor vagrant upon the old chintz covered settee. Once upona time he was in keeping with the snug, gay appointments of this pleasant old room, lie was as smart and dapper then, with, his jetty locks and white skin .and un exceptionable garments, as smirk and smart as they. But.now he was broken and bent and worn, shabby, unkempt,, and miserable. ? His boots were rent, and so was his heart. He wbb out of place here; the heart of a canon out yonder would suit him better. And a shadow there by his side, some drapery upon the floor, a ruffle of* lace falling upon a white hand near by — all these took his breath away, brought weak, miserable tears to Ms eyes, shook the fainting soul within him. Her face — oh, the' old proud, sweet face! — was turned a little away,, and her hair — oh, the. old ruddy, shadow-tinted hair — had half fallen upon her shoulder ; the high nose, the clean cut of the nostril'; the firm sweep of the chin and throat— -why, she was the same old sweet, sad, imperious Bess, tho very same, while ho — oh, misery — was but a ghost to trouble joy. All the old fear of her, and the old worship, came swooping back upon him. He made an effort to. fall at her feet, but sank back powerless.1 'Bess I.Bess !' he cried, in a voice cracked' and hollow as a broken drum.. 'Did the. old iriau toll you before he died? Did he right ''mc'at/.th-? last? Oh, I swear to you, Bess; I've Tbeen true to my word. -over sinco. I'vo liuuo my host, Bess, poor miserable wret«?li that I am— I have done niy best.' 'See here' — and he took 'from his breast a ragged, faded bit of ribbon — ' I've kept it all these years; it's all I went; away with,, and it's all I've come, back 'Vith. I couldn't make up the'inbnoj£Bess ; luck was against me somehow ;j where other men gained, I always lost ;; and even now I'm in the way. ? I. must ;g-), Bess ;. but tell me, before L leave you,', did the old man right me at , tho. last?!.'; Then she slipped from :her chair to tho floor, arid for tlie' 'iirst'-'i.imo in '.twenty, long ycivrs.'aiid..mor.e.lie felt the arms or a Avonian about : .liis in ok — of all the ariri's iu the wtirMj'' those of liis cold, proud cousin, and i, tea i-a were raining out of her p^cs; .upon hi:; wasted cheek. . , ' ? I The poor, trombling fjlipft oi: the wanderer, touched by 'those -.of Eliza beth, grew faint witii ' riipliire, As for Bess, this was tho first.iiho . very first., lover's kiss thai;. had':,evm; been hers, and she was forty years old -that flay. ' He righted you, MiittJiBW. .. Ke was sorry.: He has lof t you itiO,OO0 dollars iu his will. 'You aro asLii-j|^iis I, de:ir.. I pray of you -to forgive hiiiii1^' ' ITorgivo him— yc8s'.wfc1i;ivllany heart. But take the.inoney-^rib';;,JYo,u/m6i]oy, Bess— sixty thousand- tlo]]:ii;s ! .' and fhe poor baffled g61d-seelveV';VcpbHteJ it once ?again—' Sixty thousand dollars ! ' ..'.'.?.?' With his prayer to be fpi'given, dear.. Andtho old -'store is thefo.. 'i You shall be its' master and -miriejj-Mattliew. Ob, say— tell.nic— aro you'* happy at la&t; — as happy as I? ' \ .'*'/ , ' f; '.;'. ;''''.. '.Why, Bess, if I've .orj'ly* the strength to bear it. It's :totiglieivthau misery, somehow^ - Bess, I'm aiweakyCmiuoiMbio ?'wretch', '.'you know. ''''Si'et^irie hare it ,fou^HpM1.';7''.and'jV5^y^.WSi'icad down on her bronstj and . soibb.dd!; all ! the nld '?-'wretchedness! and; . wrath'-, and sonow; away... . , ::'':^.y*' : f.-EiitiJF. vMkI'Vii.le's -OoiipjUiY.-T-Tlio Mel l)b'iimq''.H-Tif li says ?^~t\ Various rumours con cerning tlio safety 'arid'woUiiro of tlio prominent ?lueraljpra vpf ; Suss ..Einilio Melville's Opera 'Company liuvo reheliocl Melbqiirno, nnd wo have mado inquiry into thoir tvittli, dEor'tho purpose of : n'ssuriifg ' tlio many friends of (ho artiste whoso names nre mentioned. That Mr. Soott, a usoful member of the company, died in ?Colombo appears to db 'beyond a doubt, nnd that Mr. Van Ghole hns beon placed in a lunatio ? asylum is equally certain. But thorn sconm to ? bo no foundation for tho rumour of tho death of Mr. Vordi. It is certain that nothing had happened to him up to tho timo of his leaving Colombo, and no mail has arrived from Calcutta. sinco the company reached that city. No tele gram has been received on tho subjeot, and as- Mrs. Verdi, who ucooiujmnicd her 'husband,, has several attached nnd intiratito friends here,, with whom sho is in oonntant correspondence, it is considered certain that sho would have communicated with them hud eho boon suddenly bereaved. Tho death of Mis. Furloy on the road to Adelaide, tlio lamontable illness of Mr. Van Ghole, and tho death of Mr. Scott at Colombo, aro certainly quito disastrous cnou(fb.i for any company. It is to bo hoped thut they comprise all that havo happened to tho popular troupo, and so far thoy seem' to to tho whole - list/1 -- EvEitYBODY who has oxporionced tho disap- ? pointinents wliich a straugor medta upon going- ? to an undeveloped roglon which is undergoing- ? tho ' booming process will orijoy tho roply mado by a Son Francisco ninn ' dn:,boing asked .' how ho was ploasod with Washington territory. ''Well, sir,' ho answered, 'overy bunch iff willows is a mighty forest, oydry fro£ pond a ? sylvan laie, overy waterfall' n uocond Minno apolie, every ridge of rooks a gold mine, ovorjy town a country seat, and cVery man a liar,' 