"VICTORIA RACING CLUB. (from our own CORRESPONDENT. 1 "WINTER STEEPLECHASE - MEETING. Melbourne, Saturday. The great jumping " events" of the year came off to-day at the Flemington course under very favourable circum stances, the weather, although seasonably cool, being exceedingly fine, and, in fact, all that could be desired for out- of-door enjoyment. The course and the surround ing paddocks presented all the beauties of a delightfully green winter landscape, while a brilliant sunshine added cheerful ness te the scene. The racing was good and the attendance large, a considerable proportion of the visitors having no doubt been attracted to the course by the announcement that the new Go vernor, Sir Henry Brougham Loch," together with Lady Loch and other mem bers of the vice-regal family, intended to be present at the meeting. His Excel lency and party were, in point of fact, amongst the earliest arrivals on the course, and all appeared thoroughly to enjoy the afternoon's national amusement. Notwithstanding the large proportion of jumping races on the programme, tumbles were not at all numerous, and no serious accident occurred to mar the pleasure of the meeting. - The following are the events :— Maiden Hurdle Race—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, £1 10s ft., with 150 added. For all horses which have never won an advertised hurdle race or steeplechase About two miles. W. Pearson's b m Gasalier, 4yrs, 9st 101b (Cupit) A. F. Sullivan's br g Hazard, 3yrs, 9st (Batty) A. M'Donald's b g Omadhaun, 4yrs, 9st 91b (Bolger) The other starters were :—Star, Lady Teazle, The Ghost, Cockboat, Stafford," and Ditto. Betting : 5 to 2 agst Hazard, 7 to 2 Stafford, 6 to 1 Gasalier, Omadhaun, and Ditto. Hazard got away first, closely followed by Omadhaun, Stafford, and The Ghost, in that order. Cockboat fell early in the race, but, in other respects, there was but little change till near the finish, when Gasalier passed the favorite and won cleverly by a clear length. Time, 3min. 53jsecs. Maiden Steeplechase—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, £110s ft., with 150 added. For all horses who have never won a . steeplechase. About two miles and a quarter. P. Howie's b g Kingston, 5yrs, list (Delany) E. M. Bond's ro g Robin Hood, 5yrs, 10s 1101b (Malone) A. Taylor's g g Marquis of Waterford, 6yrs, list 111b (Bird) ... The following also started :—Kulkyne, Holyrood, The Baron, Tanco, Goodwood, Bard of Erin, and Sir Fyans. Betting 3 to 1 agst Sir Fyans, 4 to 1 agst Marquis of "Waterford, 5 to 1 agst Goodwood. This event resulted in a series of mishaps, which completely upset the calculations of the " Ring" and the public, and had an almost ludicrous termination. After a good start, Yanco baulked at the first fence, and shortly afterwards the Marquis of Waterford fell, his jockey, however, quickly re mounting. A little later Sir Fyans also made a mistake and came down a cropper, and The Baron baulked. Pass sing the grand stand, Kulkyne, with Robin Hood, Holyrood, Goodwood, and Kingston in that order, and were all going well, when Kulkyne, Holyrood, and Goodwood all fell together, and the Marquis of Waterford, who not long before had appeared altogether out of the race, came up in time for third place. There was a good finish for first honors betweeen Kingston and Robin Hood, the former winning by a couple of lengths. Time, 6min. 7-?sec. A protest entered by Robin Hood agaLst Kingston, for an alleged departure from the right course, was dismissed. Grand National Hurdle Race—A han dicap sweepstakes of 10 sots each, 3 ft, with 300 added. The second horse to receive 50 sots and the third 25 sots out of the stake. About' three miles. D. S. Wallace's b g Don Quixote, 5yrs, 12st 71b (Glasscock) ... J. O. Inglis' br g Sundowner, aged, lOst 31b (Inglis) . • ... 2 H. R-. Falkner's b g Ringwood, 5yrs, 12st 71b (Scobie) ... The scratchings for this event were very numerous,'leaving only the follow ing competitors in addition to the placed horses:—The Joker, Ontario, Flambo rough, Yarree, Tantaliser, and Sinking Fund." Betting : 3 to 1 agst Ringwood, 4: to 1 agst Don Quixote, 5 to 1 agst The Joker, 10 to 1 agBt others. Sundowner made the running for the greater part of the distance. The Joker and Ontario fell. There was a fine con test between the Don and Sundowner, the former winning by three lengths. Time, omin. 43)sec. Grand National Steeplechase. — A handicap sweepstakes of 15 sovs, each 4ft, with 400 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs and the third 25 sovs out of the stake. About 3 miles. W. Neil's g g Chippenham, aged, list (Kilduff) W. E. Power's b g Friendless, 5yrs, 9st 121b (Batty) J. M'Grade's h g Moonlight, aged, 10st 71b (Hill) The following also started :—Black thorne, Lizette, General Jackson, Kat UDga, Fame, Australian Count, All Serene, Union, and Hands Down. Betting:—3 to 1 against Fame, 4 to 1 ldzette, 6 to 1 Friendless, and Katunga, 8 to 1 Blackthorns, 10 to 1 Chippenham, Moonlight, and General Jackson. All Serene led at the start, but soon fell back, giving way to General Jackson and Lizette, with Moonlight well up, and Fame next, the latter however stumbled, at the second fence. There was not much change until after the last turn, when General Jackson fell, Chippenham and Friendless went to the fore, and fought hard for first place, which was gained by Chippenham by a bare length. Time, 7 I minutes. Selling Hurdle Race.—A sweepstakes J of 3sovs. each, 1 ft., with 100 added. | Weight for age, with selling allowances. I Two miles. T- Corrigau's b h Prospect, aged, list (Corrigan) ... 1 J. Calvert's g g Ned Kelly, 5yrs, 103t 61b (M'Leod) , ... 2 J. Scobie's b h Borderman, 4yrs, 9at 101b. (Keating) ... 3 No others started. ■ Betting: 6 to 4 on Prospect. . All kept well together, with Prospect a little ahead until the turn at the river side, when Borderman went outside a fence, and then lost his chance by a baulk. A pretty match ensued between Prospect and Ned Kelly, but the finish was not so close as had appeared probahle before the last turn into the straight, as the favou rite was landed a winner by four lengths. Time, 4min. Cjsec. " * Flat Race.—A handicap of '5 sovs'each, £110s ft, with 150 added, for 2 yrs old and upwards.. Loaded weight to be not less than 71b. One mile. A. M'Donald's br g Bonnie Bee, aged, 8st 91b (Trahan) ... 1 S. Miller's b c Pailleroo, 3yrs, 7stl01b (Olds) ... 2 D. S. Wallace's g f Duenna, 3yrs, Sst 111b (O'Brien) ... 3 The other starters were Bassanio, Iron master, Golden Butterfly, Black Diamond, "Virago, Norfolk, Regulator, Castaway, Liberator, Too Too, Impulse, Lyons Lady, and Yellow Hammer. Betting: 3 to 1 agst Too Too, 5 to 1 agst Duenna, 0 to 1 Regulator and Iron master, 7 to 1 Bonnie Bee. Too Too, with Pailleroo and Regulator, cut out the running for two-thirds of the distance, after which the favorite fell back, and Bonnie Bee went to the front and beat Pailleroo cleverly by a length. Time, 4min Gfsec. This brought a capital day's sport to a close. 