CHAPTER XXVI. NEMESIS. Mr. Santley made his way to Darlinghurst, where Jack Dawson, alias several other names, lay awaiting his trial. A sovereign slipped into the gaoler's hand insured him an uninterrupted interview with the prisoner. The man was sitting on the side of his bed, his elbows on his knees, and head on his hands ; he did not move as Mr. Santley walked in, till he spoke. "You wanted to see me," said the soft smooth voice, " so I have come to see if I, as a stranger, can be of any use to you." The man started, as he listened, and heavily struck his hard knotted hand on his knee, saying, "I thought so before, but I'll swear it now ; I'd a know'd that woice any- wheres. I ony wanted to hear it. I've found yer at last, Silas Dibley ; yer beard off, no barnacles, and yer hair cut, ain't no disguise to me ; I've seen yer without em before, and yer hair a closer crop that it is now by a long chalk ; I've waited for it a long time, but it's come at larst. I shall begin to believe in a Providence, as our chaplain used to tell us of at Port Arthur." 44 You are in error, my friend ; you have evidently mis-, taken me for some one else ; I have never seen you before. I am well known as a respectable citizen, where I have resided for a few years, previous to which I had not been in any of the colonies." "Say that again, Silas Dibley !" said the man, fiercely, 4 4 and I'll take yer by the neck and cheat the gallows ; I'll squeeze yer wretched wizen until there's no breath of life in yer ; say as you doesn't know me, and I'll not let yer leave this alive." The man's eyes blazed with fury; he seemed transformed with rage. 441 know you a precious sight too well." 44 What do you want with me ?" said Santley, in an altered tone. 44 Ah, that's more like business," was the reply, 44 What does I want ? Why I wants everything ! Freedom, and ! good food, and good clothes, and a good roof over my head ; j and, more than all-I wants revenge !" and he gave such a ' blood-thirsty look at the man beside him, that Santley shrank back in fear. 44 Come, come, Jack," said he, seeing the man was dan- gerous, 44 let's forget old scores, and let by-gones be by ! gones." I "Forget!" --said Jack- 44 yes, I'll forget. When I forgets that you've been livin' soft and easy whilst I been sweating for my daily bread. Forget ! When I forgets that you've been dressed in tine broadcloth, whilst I been wearin' con vick's dress and leg irons- forget ! When I forgets that you have been rich whilst I been poor, sometimes well nigh starvin.' Forget!-when I forgets as you've been living honoured and respected, whilst I been chivied and hunted like a dingo. I'll forget-when I forgets as your chains has been gold and mine's been iron. It's mighty easy for you to forget, but it ain't in such as me. The remembrance of all's been branded into me with a hot iron." " Why have you sent for me?" said Santley. " Ln what way can I benefit you?" " You've got to get me out of this here jail-that's what you've got to do ; and to hide me, when I a?« out, which ain't easy, for disguises ain't no good on me ? for when you've had the small pox, and been blowed up in a powder mill, you're pretty well branded, and is easy kuow'd." " Hoxo can I get you out of prison? you ask impossibi- lities," said Santley. " Impossibilities, or not impossibilities, it's got to be done, or I'll make you swing for wot you knows on," said Jack. "I don't know," said Santley, plucking up courage. " You have no proof of anything against me-nothing but your own fancies, and I could easily make people believe you did the crime yourself. For argument's sake we will say you hold a secret of mine-a secret of blood which could bring me to the scaffold ; I hold a similar one of yours, so that even if what you pretend to believe of me were true, we are equal, and I hold an equal power over you." "Ekal, did ye say?" said Jack, his scarred face distorted with passion. "We're not ekal ; I got nothing to lose you've everything-I'm Jack, an escaped ticket-of-leave man, with as black a calendar agin him as any one in the colonies ; whilst ye're Mr. Santley, a church-goin' respect- able man. I ain't got a shilling to jingle on a tombstone, whilst yer rolling in riches ; I ain't got chick nor child, you've got a son as you doats on. It ud be nice for him to be pinted out as the son of the man wot got hanged. Ah !" said Jack, with a cruel laugh, "I thought I'd make yer feel at last. Now, old pal, are we ekal ? No, I should think we ain't." Santley had shaken as with an ague, as he heard Jack mention his boy, whom he loved in spite of everything ; indeed, it had been for him he had sinned, and although he dearly loved his riches, his honours, and respectability, he loved his SOB above all, and would sacrifice everything for his sake. But Jack had not done taunting his old comrade yet: "Then," said he, "our crimes ain't ekal. I settled my old woman in a fit of passion, wrought up to madness by her drink and bad conduct, and I never meant to kill her. I never took a poor harmless boy, as hadn't done no- thing to me, and. thèn dashed out his brains with a axe, and then throw'd him down a precipish, and then stole the lad's gold, and lived and thrived, and fattened on it ; and never done no good for old friends ; but sets up for a whited sepulchre, like what our chaplain used to tell us of. You're a nice one, you are ; left your old mate in the lurch, and cut off without so much as giving him a share, and him took up on suspicion of murdering of you, and the bobbies a keepin' their eye on him. No, Silas Dibley, it'll take a lot to ma ke me forgive you. I've thirsted too long for my revenge. I've waited years for it, and dreamed nights that I had you with my fingers round your neck, and my knee on your chest, aud a squeezing the life out of you. I never longed for anything like I longed to come across you again, not even for liberty, when I got my ten years in Port Arthur. Our account will take a long settlin', and I'm af eared as one of us will be dead before it's squared, and that one won't be me." " What do you want meto do?" said Santley. " I admit nothing, but for the sake of my son, of whom you have spoken, whose name I would shield from the faintest shadow of disgrace. I am willing to aid you to the utmost of my power." " That's.talkin' something like, mate ; all I wants you to do at present is to purvide me with a good file ; you know the sort-you've used 'em before now, and a rope-a silk one, as'll be light but strong, will be best ; and when I get out o' this place I'll talk with you about future arrange- ments ; I ain't going to rough it now, as L've found such a ÍMAnrl aa vnn nnrl nno aa io f/-mri nf mt» ar» vrtn'll Viavp to keep me." Santley agreed to bring him what he required the next day-he would have agreed to anything, just then ; he longed to get away out of the hated presence, and he hur- ried from the cell. As the gaoler let him out he mentioned that the man had beeu a servant of his, and he had come to see him. "And very kind, too, sir, for the likes of you to visit such a jail-bird as him, and it seems to have quite upset you ; you look precious bad, and as if you had seen a ghost ; won't you sit down a bit?" " No, thank you, I'm much obliged to you ; it's a trying day, and I confess the sight of that man-of whom I hoped better things once-of his having returned to his old ways, has quite unnerved me. I will return again to-morrow ; I have some tracts by me that may have a good influence over him." " If you sends them to me, sir, I'll see as he gets them," said the man. "No, thank you, my friend," said Mr. Santley, " we must not shrink from doing good, and my taking the trouble to bring them may help to soften the sinner's obdurate heart." And, with this pious sentiment on his lips, he withdrew. The next day he duly paid his promised visit, and delivered the required articles. "You can look out for me any night now ; I heard from Mr. Hardman where you lives, so you need not be afeard as I shan't find you ; I'd be sorry to disappint friends." Mr. Santley altered very much after Jack's capture ; pre- viously, he was a well-preserved man ; his beardless face made him look younger ; now, crow's feet were plainly visible about his eyes ; he had a worried, harrassed look, and had changed much, and not for the better. Mrs. Han- bury wondered, and remarked the alteration to Agatha, but it did not trouble her, she did not want lover-like attentions from Mr. Santley ; it was not what he was, but what he ,had, that had charms for her. As long as the settlements were ample, she was utterly indifferent to the maker of them. - 