SELECTED POETRY. THE DESERTED HOUSE. Is there any sight that raises stranger fancies in our mincl Than a house we see deserted—void of any human kind Slowly rotting, damp and mouldy, every chamber, roof, and floor. Hilf in fear we cross each threshold, curious, yet fall of awe, like a body nsed no longer, and from which the soul has fled— like a temple sacred only to the long-forgotten dead. Here, before a rearing firo children played while mothers smiled ; Fathers from the cares of daytime by their loved ones were beguiled; Tales were told, and hopes and fancies lent their msgie to the scene— Strange it is to see how dreary is the place where joy has been. In i his dark and lonesome chamber we can almost hear the groan Of some sad and weary sufferer dying in the gloom alone; Or perhaps with friends around him came at length the welcome end, As for breath in vain he straggled, o'er him did some loved one bend. Through this doorway passed a mother, with a soft and noiseless tread, Svtry evening paused a moment, stooping o'er each little bed, Softly kissed the little inmate sleeping sweetly, calnrly there - Little lives so strongly guarded from a thought of sic or care, 0 Did she ever weep. I wonder, as she passed the empty cot— Scarce a mother but she misses Bome qne from her treasnred lot. Did a yearning strong and tender fill the gentle mother's heart When she viewed that one cot standing from the other beds apart. Leave the room, a thousand fancies crowd from it into my brain, Yearnings strange and feelings mingled half with joy and half with pain. Here a chamber where some maiden passed her youthful hours away; Here she dreamt those dreams and fancies that like mist can fade away; Here some youth formed mighty projects, lasting as the maiden's dreams. Oh that life were but as brilliant as in youth's bright hours it seems ! Spirits for the time forgotten wander through each vacant room; Hopes and dreams now dead for ever dwell like ghosts amid the gloom; Silence and decay together in the once loved bome must dwell, None are left to claim the dwelling that conld ever love it well. Data fewmore year3 will vanish and it shall be seen no more, Trees will grow and gras3 will flourish where the house had stood before; Winds will mourn and sob around it, clouds will frown to see it fall j Poor, unconscious, soulless dwelling, yours is but ibe fate of all! 