SECHOES OF MELBOURNE. . ('Br Tires 7GoaT:.) Once more have the fates been 'im piopitious to tlie gentlemen who do the Parliamcnthry work. of the colony; and another " broken week" has to be recorded. The sudden indisposition 'of Colonel Sar good, the only Minister in, the Legislative; Council, arid without whose 'presence the' discussion on the Mining. on Private Pro-' perty Bill 'would have resembled that oft 'quoted play of- Hamleotwith :the. part of the- royal-Dane omitted, necessitated the' postponeinent' of: the' debate, . and the Upper House . finding itself thus in thel position of the unemployed, without any work to do, was'fain to adjourn for a week.: after sitting for half-an-hour:': The ?Assembly, which appears' to 'avail itself of any excuse for a ,holiday,, with as much alacrity i ks a pancel of schoolboys, only mot on two days. Thursday being the date of itlih. annual municipal elections, and.niany of our politicians combining the position of:legislator and shire or borough councillor, there. would have been but a: beggarly array of empty benches. So Mr. Sorvico,profiting by the experience gained,' determined not to allow himself again to be accused of stealing a march, as on the occasion of thes second reading of the Land Bill, wisely bowed. to the force -of circum stances,, and allowed the weekly adjourn ment to take place on Wednesday instead of oi the following evening. ,It is nowv plain thist a tactical mistake was committod by Ministers, when with a bare; quorum of members ;present-:they .pished,tho. Land Bill'throuigh its second reading.' Profiting . by the permission given todeliver "second reading speeches,' in. committee, honourableo,, members are availing 'themselves 'to'the 'fullest extent of the privilege. They speak as often, and as long, as they please, and wander " up stairs, and down stairs" .through all the clahises of the'bill, inistead of conifining their attention to, the one immediately under discussioh; in a fashion strongly suggoes tive of the bird in'tlio well-known nursery rhyme. And so the measure has dragged its slow length along, unenlivencd by any [brilliant-oratory? and withount·even the excitement of a. "socne" to awaken the dormant- energies of the House. Old stagers in: Parliament are asking: thcii selves whetlhir the innovations introluced into the " usage and practice of the House df Commons" are working well, and an swering the question in the negeitive. It has, of late, become the fashion to explain the provisions of a measure on the first reading, 'ud.to allow the whole bill to be discussed in committee: This' plan has resultod in a great waste of time, and'the sooner "ancient custom" is reverted to, the better for the Legislative business of Viotori;l... . 1 i The iiudiig of thl Cohincil's CCoimittee of Elections and Qualifications has caused a good deal of surprise. It has found in effect that both Colonel Sargood and Dr. ]leaoey"` hold" offices dfo i'ofit unitlr the Crown,but that as there was no profit attach ingto these posts at the time of their "accep tance," they have not violated the laI by ' accepting" office. Th'ley decline, however, to say whether AMessra.Sargood and Ileaney can be sued for tihe recovery of the penal ties incurred by those who act illegally as legislitors, p?referring to leave the solution of this question to the ordinary legal tribunals of the colony. They hint that thoir finding might have been different, but for the fact that both of the gallant mnilitia officers havo within ca few days to seek re-election, their tenure of office then expiring by effluxion of time. Dr. IHearn and his colleagues on the committee are certainly rather to be complimented on their talent for hair-splitting than for the acumen displayed in the judgment. they haveo just delivered. It is hardly likely that with bygone experiences to guide them any persons will be rash enough to sue for.the penalties. No sooner are these r?cooered than the entire proceedings are declared.by the louse interested to'b" 'a breach of'privilege," and the "fortunate" plaintiff rendered amenable to all the dread penalties of being "in contempt." SThe Ministry have given way to the dis soft-hearted;?cll-intentioned, but with 'ill foolish' people, and accorded it free pardon to the child murderess, Rosanna Plummer. The stop by thinking people is looked upon as an extremely unwise one. Of course no one advocated theb infliction of the death penalty onithe young girl. But` she deliberately --and of malice afore thought - killed her infant, as mauy unfortunate mothers have done in the past, and will now assuredly do in the future ; andit is, felt thatit. is wrong to allow so fearful a crime to go entirely un punished i Surely ,some- middle course might have been found between the gallows and a free pardon. Perhaps, with aview of counterbalancing, the undue leniency shown in tlie one instance, the Executive Council resol?d' that "the law should take its courise" in the other case in which an appeal fdr mercy was made. It has been decided that James Hawthorn, found guilty by'a jury of shoot ing his brother,,shall be hanged, Thursday next being fixed as the day on which the penalty is to be carried out. In antici pation., of,. his services being required, Upijohn, "the finisher of the law," was last week i:rrested by the police on the very clhistic: charge of "insulting beha viour," and will be kept safely under lock and key until he has performed his dread office. Thne second batch of the people ' ripre sentatives-the Mf to Z division -were entertained" at Government House on Monday last. If the demeanour of hon ourablo gentlemen in the Assembly is in aRir'iway: influenced.by the gubernatorial hdspitalities,',lthe so6ner his Excellency closes 'the :.doors of lhis dining-room the better. Whether it was the proverbial salmon or the imported wines that dis agreed with them, certain it is that -more. ill-humour was shown by the gentlemen in the Assembly Chamber during, the .two days devoted to the country's business during the present weck than has been shown during the entire session. Mr. ervice will do well in advising Sir Henry Locli to postpone further hospitalities until the recess. A little episode that occurred on the arrival of the s. s. Yarra, one of the fleet of the Mcssageries Maritimes, serves to show that the ordinary ,police,ontertain no very exalted opinion of the acumen of the detective branh of ,the service. It was suspected that' a "dynamiter," yclept Joseph Smith, was on board the vessel, and although it was well known that one of the smartest Victorian detectives wavs'a passenger on board, the police at Williams town boarded the ship in ?'eiich of the sus pected man. Police prophets are evidently without miuch honour among their own co/qfrrees. - : The small-pox is now fairly acclimatised in our' midst, icnd the .professors of the healing art in Victoria will be enabled to devote their energies to fostering a " novel industry" in' thlie shape of effecting cures of the dreal'comiilaint. The Central' Board of ecalth appear to have abandoned all hope of coping with the spread of the disease, and instead of displaying greater exertions as the cases brought under their notice become more numerous, are growing more and more supine. Some 30 persons have up to the present been proved to be infected with .variola. What have the doctors ,wlio . affirmed that the patients were dnly suffering from chicken-pox to w iy for themselves now ? . aty Lothllrlios have during tuilu w;co not had a pleasant time. Two breaches of promise cases have been tried, and in both thd juries returnied verdicts for the female plaintiffs with very substantial diamages. A mniember of tlfo police force named Bennet was mulcted in the sum of £1400 and costs for neglecting to carry out his promise of marrying a too confiding young damsel, who refused to follow Iis advice and commit suicide to hide her shame; and a widow-who, like the late lady celebrated in the legend of George Barnwill, appears to have been both fair and freu--has obi tained ?OO00 from a young gentleian named Horner, whopreferrd entering the Benedic tine order under the auspices of the relict of a rich landowner in the Western District to contracting matrimony with the mother of his two children. In this latter case the defendant comes to grief through having neglected to follow the counsel of the elder Weller to his hopeful son Sammy, although perhaps he may not have cause to regret, as far.as his second experience of courtship ooes; that he did disobey the injunction to " bware of the widow." One of the largest audiences that ever graced the Theatre -Royal nassembled this afternoon at the ? benefit . given .to the widoir of the late Edmund' M1aisliall, killed. a fortnight ago by being run over in the' street by a brewer's cart. There was a gathering of all the theatrical and musicall talent now in Melbourne, the leading artists in both branches of the profession vieing with each other in their desire to do: honour to the memory of "poor little: Teddy'."' The 'pro'ceeds of the eilt?irtin mont will, at all events, "keep the wolf from the door" of the late comedian's family for some little time to come. " Macbeth" still-keeps the boards at the. Royal, and entirely disproves the assertion once made by a theatrical entrepreneur that in Melbourne "SShakespeare spells ruin." ,At.: the ,Princess " The Parvenu " replaces ".Impulse," which has literally been' "played out." Miss Emelio Melville still continues nightly to fill the Bijou, "popular". prices apparently.. suiting the taste and pocket of the opera-loving portion of the community. A change has taken place at last at the Opera House, the vulgar and boisterous "Muldoon's Purse" having given place to the' musical comedi etta ofi" Magic Toys," in which Miss Amy Horton renews her 'acquaintance with an Australian: audience. Chiarini's circus is still here, butttlhere is a sad falling off from the Chiarini of old. A"'ugust 10. 