.TALES AND SKETCHES. Tlie OlioMt at Grej'rtfMiiCH. "Garencc is cnmiug to-day!" ejaculated Herbert, looking up from bis letter with nn expression ill which astonishment, denrocn- tjon aiul fratorna1 joy struggle forsupr -mucy. "Today?" exclaims Maggie, pausii .with tlio tea-pot. suspended in air over Her.Kjrt'a lnnrc ltliin lironkfrmt nun. . : f look tip,' politely inquiring. Then ibjeet interests uic but slightly. "Yes; he got leave .of absence n whole month sooner than lie bad hoped, as Wallers has changed his mind and stavs. wi:h Die regiment. He took the first mail aud arrived at Southampton the day before yesterday Hcwill be here this afternoon." . "Dear Garencc!" says Maggie, -softly. "How I long to sco hira I" Then, lylth a sudden blush of mortification— Maggie .lias not lost - her girlish trick of blushing with every emotion, married woman though sbo be of five years' standing. -V Oh, .Herbert, where hall we put the. dear boy?" . . My brother-in-law ; fixes his gloss in his right eye and contemplates ;his wife mid the situation helplessly. : T. preserve a .'. discreet silence. .. When Herbert came into this .delightful but. dilapidated piece of property, Greywbncs, through the ; death of a distant cousin; some three or four months ago, the wliolo family— ' comprising my sister . Maggie, her husband, Captain Herbert Lowtber any myself— fell violently in lovo -.with- the ' picturesqi.o old place, and elected . to . come and' stay- here through the spriug months.' \ v . By dint, of bard -.workVand . judiciovs.uut- .lay, we have made the largo, square hall, tbo'dining, drivwingroom, ami out rcsj uetivo bedrooms not, only- .comfortable but comely ; but. ah :army of .bricklayers, storiS- cuttera and decorators have but just.bcguu to r: -tore the hitherto uuinliabltablo .weat-wjinr tp comfort and safety. And in this wing liad Maggie, like Kubia Khan, decreed " a stately pleasure dome" of a ' bachelor's apartment for her sjiouso's beloved only brother— only living relative, in. fact— Garencc Lowtber, now about to join our home circle after soveralycars of foreign service. All Maggie's wifely affection (and in my opinion there's more tlmu enough of it), and all her housewifely pride, have been enrolled in this noble cause vainly, fur Mr. Lowtber's untimely arrival has shattered al! her visions. \ -There is a silence. I go on eating my breakfast sedately. Looking up with a request for another cup of ton, I find Maggi's eye fixed on mine beseechingly, 1 know at once what she wants, and by some fatal prescience I know, too, that I shall be cajoled into giving it to her, oven while in rcptv to the look ' I . say, with the severest determinnt'ou and with a. decided scowl : " I won't do anything of the kind, Maggie ; it's no use asking me." Maggio rises and, slipping behind my chntr lays her two arms around my neuk, and'hor soft check against mine. Herbert retreats behind the '/bite. My darling," she murmurs, softly, "your dear, good heart thought of it as soon as I did ; dear, you Kill let mo linve your room for poor Gareuce ? He will think else he is not welcome— and, dear Herbert lias been looking forward to this visit for so long. It would be such a disappointment to me not to be able to make him comfortablo after all his hard life in barracks and India, and such horrid places. He's dear Herbert's only kith and kin, you know, and I wanted him to feel at home among us," and a cold little tear trickles from Maggie's check to mine. Of course that decides it. " You are a goose, Maggie, but you can have my room," I say, rather ungraciously, and, rising, I run out and upstairs. My prottv room 1 I look round it, feeling sore and spiteful enough to cry ; then its in congruity with such beings as artillery officers strikes me, and I begin to laugh. It i9 an extravagance in kcliotro|>c, and would ntnkc anyone bilious but me ; it gleams with waxed satin-wood, it foams over in lace, it glitters with bevelled mirrors and cut glass toilet article ; it contains nil my pet pictures, books, plaques, aud In'eloU. I have arranged it all with iny own bands ; it is only a week since the lad touch was put to it — and now 1 must turn out of it for a man 1 novcr saw ! My indignation arises nncw. " Shall I ever be such a fool n!>out a mnu as Maggie is about her husband?" I think, inelegantly hut forcibly. "It is simply ex- aspornting, the way she adores and spoils him ; and now she is going to coddle Gnrcnco simply because be is Herbert's brother! Well, ono thing I am resolved on : I will not countenance any such foolishness." I may here remark that it is my sanguine habit to make plans constructed on deep-laid principles for future action, and to be unfits- cnitmgcd bv their frequent, if not constant futility. ' " He shall have my room because I hate to sco Maggie unhappy ; but be shnll see that officers arc not run after by every girl thev meet. Of course Herbert and Maggie think iiim perfection, but I have every right to an uiipr/'judlcvil, unbilled opinion, T slmll treat him politely, but very coldly, ami shall be ns. haughtily and rcserred ns— as— I know bow to bo," I conclude, rather lamely. \- Fortified with these resolutions, I stand in front of the long mirror and proceed to try effects of disdain, ranging all the way from withering scorn to icy indifference. I find that a rather round, dimpled face, a slightly tilted nose, and n wavy mass of reddish hair compose n figure dtijfonCe rnthcr than dignified ; but practice nmkes perfect, and I have resources in a pair of expressive . dark grey eyes, m black brows which can scowl effectively, and- in a shnrp upjier lip ; a little lip ; n little droop at the corners of thoinoutu adds an artistic finish to a de cidedly rcjxdlent expression. " It is well !" X remark, with "satisfaction, 1 But if it were only 11 inches taller, how much more, effective it would all be!" I think, 'somewhat dolefully. -Here, however, art can come to the assist ance of nature. VI plunge into deep medita tion for some minutes, and then, emerging -with .the smile of one who has' dived far ami returned- with the pearl of an idea, 1 don hat :-ant eloak and ring for my pony carriage. ;. i Out.cbuuty town is only about four miles off. I iThithcr I drive; and at the ' " Boot and bhdo.Kmporium", purcbaso a pair of shoes .withvorybigb heels— a pair which had been bougbt'by the proprietor. as-a leathery. joke iu his one visit to " Puree," and, beside being marvels of open work and Pitching, are do- corntcd with Louis Qulnzo heels at fa wtJI inches high, shod with bras. On my return, Maggie meets me in the hall. , " Darling Amy, I have hod Dawson's room arranged quite comfortably for you," " Where Is poor Duwso/i to sleep, then ?" I ask, with much concern, Dawson is my maid, nud I have a great affection for her, " Oli, up in the little garret r"<Jii j I had it nicely cleaned aud arranged, and she say she always sleeps so heavily that her room matters very little if she only law a comfort able bed, WJmt have you there ?" "Nothing I" I reply, airily and men/io- ciously, and ascending, lake |>o;«»ion of my new, but, nlast how different, a\nitU ment. It :s half-past four on the name day I have taken advantage of IU being a cool afternoon to array myself In a trailing block velvet gown ; i have twisted my liulr UiUt nn impasting braid on top of my head, hovn put on the high heeled abur'llti» (which are considerably too large), ami have practised a majestic dciwawor before the swing gins, which has Jx.cn (rnnqiorttd front my heilotrojie sanctuary, ' Now, liearing wheels, I restrain an undig nified impulse to go and Wik out of thy win dow. There is a slight huMlc fx, -low, the carrf ago drives off to the stables, I hear n murmur of voices, and opening my door very cautiously about an inch, I iteor out. It is in a modest corner of the gallery which runs round the square hall, aud hx/Klng through the light balustrade, 1 can a tall, easy figure in n wcll-eut travelling suit, boridlngft ibrk head over my sister's baud, which ho I holding in his, Maggie i looking up at hfm and bidding iiim welcome, with eye and heart as well as voice, \- 1 daresay I Welcoming him to my Ixaititfful "Amy!" shouts Herbert, "comedown to tea — Garencc is here !" I fly noiselessly across the room and re- spend faintly; "Coming!" " A— my ! ' calls Maggie, taking an octavu upwards very creditably, I open my dour, vexed to feel my cheeks grow hot, and sweeping grandly found two sides of the gallery, descend thy bruttd shal low steps with drooping eyelids mid wwy tin- coiiccrn until I reach the fourth from the iKittom, Here my treacherous shoes betray my. One of them catches, twists ; I try vainly to steady myself, stumble wildly downwards and lling myself with flattering, but imv/H- ling, luijietuosity into the arms, outstretched to save mo, of Gnrcnce I/nvthor, I extricate myself in a moment ; hut both my unforlutmte shoes have got kicked off fit the mrlte, and He exposed to twblfc view, "This is Amy, Garencc, «»y Herbert, amiably, To acknowledge the introduction U beyond my junver. I simply turn and flee upfclAlrf, shoeless, in an agony of mortification. It is three weeks later, and May In at her brightest. Maggie and I for tort Imvo ftttt driven off to the station, bnsfneM calling them to London ; this is Monday, and they will not bo back until Wednesday, Meanwhile, I am left to "entertain Gar encc," nnd my idea of so doing is to let him severely alone. He won rather a difficult person at first with whom to live on a war footing, being almost provokingly good tem pered ; and were it not against my principle to swerve from any plan of action I have once laid down for myself, I think 1 would have found pleasure in his society. Helms, however, for the last few day, accepted the situation, and avoided mo al most markedly, " I do not think it Is quite nice in him to t be so very distant," I think, as i walk rather dejectedly through the home paddock, "It is scarcely gentlemanlike to show n Judy «> persistently thnt her society Is of no.vniuu to him. He ought to taken little trouble to find out if one is idee or not ; i only want to show him by my reserve that i was not one of tbe garrison girl he has been accus tomed. to, . "Menhavo no penetration. Now / saw ' before lie hail Iwcn iiere a forlnfcht tlial ho was very different to what I had imagined—. in fact, that ho quite merited dear Herbert' good opinion of him ; I was Just enough to own to myself that there wa no further need, of treating hfm with cotdnes and a version,) But he evidently does not care to fltuXmyj \ ' . . ' i> ' : I flood qualities out— and now, Mnggio and Herbert' have gone, I shall be to lonely.' I am leaning on the white gate, looking blaukly out upon the fair weald of Sussex spread out in spring-time beauty bofore me ; but big tears wall up in my eyes and drown out all the landscape. "A. lovely view, Miss Gennyn," says Garcncc I.owthcr's voice, close besido me. 44 Yes," I mutter, with an' irrepressible snufllo, for which 1 could l»cat myself. 11c vaults over the gate, and leans on it, almost facing me ; I glare at him angrily through my dabyish tears. He looks at me with a ; grave, inquiring expression. 41 Miss Amy, why do you hate me so ?" "1 don't I" I oxclnlm, bluntly, this sudden attack completely taking away my presence of mind. 44 Oh, yes, you do I And I am the only living crenturc about the place— except spiders — whom you dislike. You nra like your prototype — 4 Fair Amy of the terraced house '— You give your coffee to the cat. You troko tlio <Ior (or coming, I - And nil ynor fnee grmrx kinder nt Tlio Uttlo brown lwoV humming. 1 am the only ono you never have a kind word for— and I— don't like it. It hurt me." ' he says, in a lower tone, his eyes meeting mine with a wounded, proud loiik in them, boforo which mine droop. I blush unaccountably, "I did not mean to hurt you, Mr. Low- thcr it's my natural — badness, I suppose," trying to smile naturally. 41 Your badness S You nre srond to every onobutmc. I know who is the angel In the village, though sho bos only been here three months ; I know who watches by the sick and feeds and clothes the poor 2 I know -who Is adored by every man. 'woman -and child, horse, dog mid cat abn it t'-c place— asd who has a smile for them nl! but one — who cannot think why he shouldn't have his sharo of sunshine ton." I look at him timidly while he is looking. After all— what nvt his offence? Simply taking heliotrope growlery all unwittingly. I feel ashamed of myself, and yet dare not confess, for I would not have him know I was so childish, so selfish. 1 suppose 1 look rolcnting, however, for suddenly takes my hand,'- and bending his handsome head to look into my prey with nn oncer, softened expression in his own dark hn7.cl ones, 44 4 Fair Amy of the terraced house,' " he goes on, quoting : - Awht- me to «1l«coTor . Why you, who would not hurt a mouw, Can torture to your " . "Nonsense I" 1 sny, hastily ; and, pulling my hand from his, turn and runaway fleetly, never pansing till I am safe in my own room, where I am confronted by Dawson. . That worthy young woman linsherhcnd tied up In red flannel and a generally tear stained and over washed face. ".Toothncho not hotter yet, Dawson?" I ask sympathetically. V ".It Is not that ma'am ; it's tworso "than 1 toothache," she replies, mysteriously miser- . . . - able. . 44 Whnt ? Arc thingB going wrong between you and Alexander?" ' t Alexander is our Scotch coachman, .and I take great interest in a flourishing love affair \- between -him and Dawson. " "Oh, no, ma'am ; everythink is smiles bo-' twixt us."-' > - . Here she . breaks . down . and -. sobs con wulsivoly. . 44 Do tell me what is the matter. Dawson — .! I insist iipon;knowing," . "Woll, then, Miss Amy — its the garret room; I shnlldie If- 1 hnvo to slcepthcro '> - again.'' - : v # " Why, Dawson, I thought you had no ob- . jection to it — 2 havo bad to give up my room, \- . - , and wo thought— , "Ob,, ma'am, . it's not', thnt ; it's— ' Herosho j gocs to the door, opchs it, peeps . out and shuts it carefully again; then; coming, close up to me,/ whispers: "It's ma'ani.V ' :. " Dawson I- you're dreaming' . "V 44 I wishi l wosj ma'nm. ' Twns'wido awake in 'elfish bngonics witb'my.tooth, .which' It's' tho first wakeful'nigbt I've had for months ; ,;< for you know, ma'am, -how sound I sleep."; " Well,' what did you' see, : Dawson ?" 1 ask, . ' . laugliing.'-,': "I didri'tseenothing ma'am ;J heard it." "It? What : 44 A: spinning/1 wliccl, : ma'am— a' spinning ghost I : Well I know thci so'iind, for we bad .a wheel athome nt the farm.'- And as plain . as if it, was in .tho room, there was that wheel, a.whirringhudn-whlrring,; arid tho treadle a-patting and d-pnttlrig, - sometimes fast and. sometimes slow. . It 'ud stop altogether for a ' , whtlei'and thcn it would, begin again, till I thought. I'd, go' mad unth the frightofit." ; ;And it', stopped 'jit day-dawn, as . all them ghostly games does.",- r1 ' . "I. hope 'you' haven't been alarming, the' ' othor servants with , this nonsense," I say, sevcrily.: v. i'- , "Mo. ma'am? I've no wish to.be laughed at ; and that Alexander, he's sucli in skeptic he'd novcr lorgivo me for being; 'supcr- . flteotlouH, ns ho calls it. Hut, oh, dctir Mi6S Amyl Save me from slccplne there to-night 1 Let mo sleep by you on thoJIoor— do, .Miss Amy 1" . ; . The poor girl ib evidently so.' nervous and \- ; upset by her nightmare, that I promise at once togct different quarters for her, and she / goes about her work again with a more ' : ' 1 cheerful countenance. The day passes tranquillj-. I keep care fully out of Mr, Lowthor's way, for a now, stranpo shyness makes mo a little afraid to meet him. At luncheon and dinner we arc v obliged to face each other, but the butler and his solemn aids koep us in countenance, and as soon so the latter meal is ended the vicar is announced. He always considers mo a little girl; so he carries off Garcnco Into the library for a ' smoko and oncof their frequent political . wrangles— much to my satisfaction, as 1 dreaded the prospect of an evening tctcuU tctc. I go to bed early in pursuit of a delight fully bold project, which is to deliver Dawson from the trammels of "superstition," to brand ghosts ns not only improbable hut impossible, and to stamp me for ever as a Rtrong-minded woman. I insist on sleeping in tho haunted room myself, while Dawson shall escape contumely by taking my room and bed " unbeknownst," ns she expresses it. The somewhat bare, dull little garret-room is in one of the many gables of the irregular old house, and smells faintly of fruit and spices, I believe the last fnmity used it ns a store-room. The bed, though narrow, is comfortable ; I lie awake about nn hour finishing an enthralling novel, and then, with very little nervous tremor, I extinguish my candle and am soon in dreamland. I ennnot tell how long I have wnndorod through a sunny landscape, hand in hand with some dear friend who looks marvel- lously like Garence Lowthor, when 1 sud denly find myself broad awake, staring out into the darkness and listening intently. I feel 44 uncanny the darkness is intense ; I reach out my hand through it towards my candle, and suddenly recollect 1 hate no matches. At the 6amc instant I hear some thing— a creaking- -almost like a footstep- then a dull tliud — then another and another, like tho tapping of a treadle on the floor— mid then ye I Great heaven I The spinning nhecl / 44 Whirr, whirr, whirr, with many a break, with many a stop ; sometimes for a minuto, sometimes for nn hour, it seems to me, sitting there motionless, unable to compute time : feeling nothing but an angry terror such as I think no sight, however awful, could inspire. And so 1 remain . all through the seemingly eternal night. At last— oh, wclcomo sight 1 — the early summer dawn gleams in through the window. It gives mo courage to rise and creep noise lessly through the .co— ' rs until l reach Maggie's empty room. Up shivering into her bed, and after a whi.u forget the night's horror in blessed sleep. 1 wake to find Dawson standing bv my side with a cup of tea. Sho looks at me gravely, hut asks no qwdions ; I volunteer no remarks, but dress wearily and descend to the dining room. Garancc comes to meet me. . "Good God, my child! ..What is tho matter? You look.ns If you .had sceu a ghost!" .... . Tho extreme aptness of this remark tickles my cvor.prcscnt sense. of the ludicrous, and I begin. to laugh ; 'but finding hilarity, danger ous, inasmuch.as it brings me to the verge. of tears, 1 make a severe and successful. effort at self control, mid tell Ganincc the', whole im probable story; .Much to my relicE ho treats it neither, with ridicule nor incrcduility. - ; "Wo will go up after breakfast and in vestigate, wo two. alone,"- he says, brlefly;; and then, changing the subject, tries imul tn make nie .cat some breakfast but I can touch nothing but'a little tea. , Then lie tnkc9 my hand as If, 1 were a littlc child, and we mount to'tho atticnndaurvoytholittlebed- room carefully; . It is long and narrow, with a'dormcr window nt one end, and 'tho. walls arc covered, not with '.paper,, but with nn old-fashioned/Chinese cretonne, nailed on In long stripes. ; ..I'Tbc noise 6ccmQd. to come from there," I Bay, timidly, pointing to .tho side opposite the bed. ' Garcncc has been sounding all tlic other walls, meeting,, brick or stone .ap parently everywhere ; ; but when he raps, loudly , on , this one, it returns a hollow, resonant sound. 44 There is wood here," he says. Springing lightly on a chair, he takes hold of a'strip of ;crotonne nt the top, where it has fallen loose nnd tears the whole 6frip off bodily, tho rotten old material coming away from the nails without resistance, nnd revealing a partition composed of worm eaten plntiks. Garence leavestheroom and returns almost instantly with a basket of carpenter's tools, borrowed from the builders. Inserting the sharp edge of an axe into the crack between two planks, he soon forces the rotten old woodwork apart ; light comes through tho crovico thus made, and with n few vigorous strokes of the axe he soon succeeds in mak ing an opening large enough for us to pass through, I following him with timid curiosity. We find ourselves in a small, slant roofed space ; opposite to us is a little, latticed dorincr window, with diamond panes ; on its' sill stands' n tall, quaint green glass bottle, half full of yellowish liquid. Be tween us ond the light stands a large cbouy spinning wheel, and with a cry of sick horror I reel bnfkwnrds and fall fainting against the partition. For there on the floor by Its side, clad still in a. few discolored mgs of raiment, lies a yellowish, ghastly, grinning skeleton. » « » > I awake to a confused sense of cool, frngrnnt air; of being supported in tender arms, of passionate words calling upon me to revive. :/ ."Darling, for God's sake look at me— speak to me, Amy, my little love, my life !" This is so perfectly charming and delightful that I am by no mean? in a hurry to shorten my swoom ; however, thcacccntof Garcncc's voice is of ouc so truly distressed that I nt last unclose my eyes, nnd look first into his pale, anxious face, nnd then round the morn ing room, into which I presume ho has carried me. Then it nil comes back to me, and I raise myself with a frightened cry. f " Oh, Garcncc 1 it is all true 1 The house tr haunted." " No, me, my child : there is something mysterious but not difficult to discover nhout all this, I am going to watch to night, and then I shall find out all about it." "Oh, no— no— you mustn't 1" I cry, and being still weak from the shock, begin trem bling so violently that he thinks best to carry me to my room and leave me in Dawson's care. I wisely betake to myself to bed, and He there all through the long May day, waited nn devotedly by Dawson, doring feverishly at times, and feeling nsif 1 wore going to hnvo a long illness. Garence comes to the door from time to time nnd makes low-voiced inquiries, but even his gcntlo knock startles me so much that towards seven o'clock I send him word 1 am much better and nm going to sleep ; so he comes no more. And, strange to say. in a few moments I do fall nslecd -henvllj", drosmlessly, I wake, feeling wonderfully refreshed, to find the moonlight strenming'in through the open window, dimming the light of the one Rlindcd candle. Dawson is snoring blissfully on n couch near me. I sit up and strike my repeater ; it gives back twelve silver strokes. It is ghost time— nnd I remember suddenly that Garcnco had said he was going to watch in that dreadfull room to night. Oh. how can ho— how can he 1 Why did I not. implore, command him not to be so rash? He must be there now -waiting, perhaps, for some dreadful vision that mav strike mad ness to his brain ! For people do go mad from terror - even if someone is only plnving n practical joke, it may drive him distraught 1 Then I recollect a horrible story which once mndc a great impression on me —purporting to bo written by a girl whose lover went to watch for a ghost ; telling how they li:ul agreed that' lie should ring in ease' of an ap pearance, and how. when the warning bell sounded, sho rushed to him, only to find ldin expiring with the words, 14 / haw teen, it /" on his lips. Oh, how could that girl let him face such a monstrous unnatural danger alono ? I spring from my bed, put on a warm white wrapper, slip my feet into noiseless velvet slippers nnd pass like a ghost myself up tho garret stairs. I pause just outside the door of the haunted room ; it fs open, nnd the moon light is bright enough for me to distinguish Garancc sitting in the bedroom, half hidden in the gloom to the left of the broken parti tion, but so situated that he can look into tho 'space beyond where the dreadful —thing — is. There is a dead silence ; I can hear my heart heat and I nm shaking with fear, but I realise that I could face a legion of ghosts to save my whilom enemy from harm. Suddenly Garancc moves cautiously nnd bends forward a little more ; there arc sounds from the room beyond— n faint thud— then another— nnd then the horrible whirr of the wheel logins, slowly but clearly. My life is .concentrated in watching Garcncc's face ; 1 see its keen determined expression change to ono of wonder, then of nmuscmcnt ; then he breaks into a hearty laugh nnd clasps his hands smartly. Good God ! Has ho gone mnd ? . I utter an irrepressible exclamation. . He springs up, and making a dash nt me, catches mo before I can get away. f4 ho says in deepest astonishment. , " What arc you doing here, ill as yon are ?" He looks quite snno ns he takes my two ; hands and draws me into the moonlight. 1 feel cxtremcl'v . foolish. , : "I— was.ftfrnid— I didn't like— you were nil alone— and I, thought the ghosts — " . Tlifs..isi\vhnt 1 ..managed to . stammer in pninful'confuitibn. Avv . . , V Ghosts?. Come and look at them.',' Atidbo moves forward n stop. " !4 Oh, no. I", H . 'Ill toko care of, yon— sit here," be says, holding my hniid still. "Now stay quite qulctl":/- Vt!, .. ,.,V p 1 do as T' am bidden, nnd look towards the wheal p tho ghostly heap oil its side is gone. The ccilingof the little room is.vcry low, hud is crossed hy a perfect tanglo' of 'beams and rafters. . As f gaze something , moves along the lowest of .them, andl iiivoluntarily pinch Garcncc's hand tightly. The next in- stniit a large rat" springs gently on to the wheel and off to the floor ; followed in the same . way by several others ; the impetus given is enough to set the wheel in motion, und as 'these frisky rodents evidently con- Rider the whole thing n gigantic gvmnnsium got up for their, especial use nnd behoof, they keep up the giime. with spirit until Garence and I brenk'in to Involuntary laughter at their pranks, when they Rcuttle off hastily to their holes. ; ; : ; 44 1 had the— romains taken to tho sexton's for the present," said Garcncc. His voice recalls me to the fact that I am en dfakabile, hair unbound, all but bare footed, and bidding him a . hasty good night, 1 rise to go. ; 41 Wait a moment," he says imperiously. "You have to confess. what brought you hero to-night." 44 Let me go !" I murmur, desperately. "No— not till yoA. tcll me. : Were you afraid for me, Amy?" \':'L : ' / ' >1 nod my ,heiul shyly : ' " And you thought you" could take care of me?" ' _ " I thought— it would nofcbo so drcadfnl — if tliero were some 'ono else," I stammer. 44 You bravo littlcdarlihg ! Amy, don't vou know that all?my.'lifc will be!4 dreadful if— yon aro not there to stand, by mo? Tell me why you came, tb-night— wasn't it because you euro for me a little, lifter oil ?M "No," I say, unablo to resist tensing.- "No?". - ; . His face grows white in: the moonlight. I cannot rcsiBt its appeal, . ' . . "No because ! care for- you— ft great deal, Garencc,".l whisper. V ; . : "My own I" And his arms fold : me in their sweet shelter. Maggie and Herbert reach home by dinner time of this eventful Wcdncsdny, which be gan rather early for Garence and me ; and we have the pleasure of first turning them qmtc.faint by a graphic recital of our ghost story, nnd then before they have half re covered from that shock, Garcncc insists on stunning them witli the announcement of our engagement, 44 It is too lovely ! But you nre Buch a child still," Maggie says to me plaintively. Andit is only three wcck9 since he come I 'Arc you tnre that yon care for him anil that ho loves you, Amy ?" I smile with perfect confidence. I can answer for myself, and Garence has confided to me thnt lie was mora than nine-tenths in love with me before wo met, for lierliert had sent him Maggie's ond my miniatures a year ago. 44 And wlicu 1 arrived and you foil into my arms, my darling—" But there nre some subjects too delicate to montloa, nnd 1 never shall he able to bear nnv allusions to those shoes. \Ve have not yet fathomed the mystery of l.ho poor skeleton and tho spinning wheel ; but when we do, ymi shall hear all about 1U In our next.— 44 Dark nnd Fair," 