SAVE MT WIFE. > " For heaven's sake, save my wife ! " cried ahas» band to the sailors on the > deck of a steamer, the object of hie, affections having fallen overboard. Nerved by the thought of their own sweethearts, the' sailors rescued the poor woman; and laid her1 in the eahin beside her half-swooning husband-whose look of gratitude fully repaid them for their efforts Then he rose, thrust his hand into his wife's wet pocket, gulled out a well-filled purse, looked infinitely're* eved, and said-" There, old woman, the next time you tumble overboard just leave that purse behind you, will you? You scared me almost to death !,"\ . Why should a quill-pen never be used for indiojRng secret matters ?-Because it is apt to split. ' ' ¡ One of Fox's Martyrs.-The hen. ; V.y ^ j The Best All Bound Performances.-The dtonaT' Where do ghosts come from ? From gnome'manrs i land. .. Viv Í 1 "A Person Who Ought to Rule the Boast."-The cook. . V.s:. By a Cockney.-We cannot be robbed of ' tijine, because it is always hours. I Husband: "Mary, my love, this apple-dumpling is not half done. ' ' Wife : ' ' Well, finish it, then, my dear." A caustic wit, in speaking of an impeouniohs friend, said : " He sotties bia debts just like clock« work-tick, tick, tick. " i " Mean ! ' ' she cried ; ' ' my husband ia the meanest wretoh in the world. He won't give me tho least excuse for complaining. " A young lady attending balls and parties should always secure a female chaperon until she is abie'to call some male chap her own. . ;: r - " It is really very odd, my dear," Baid an old lady one vory hot day to a friend ; " I can't bear the heat in gummer, and in winter I love it." "This insurance policy is a queer thing,".said Dobbs reflectively. If I can't sell it, I cancel it, and if I cancel it, I can't sell it." A lawyor proposed to a client to undertake ¿'case on the following terms : " If I lose," said he, " I get nothing. If I win, you get nothing." A tailor advertises to guarantee his customers I good fits." If ho doesn't give them fits .by his tailoring, he probably will by MB charges. . . : : " Make'hay while the sun Bhines " ie a venerable old adage, but with the Bun shining in the nineties, the man who makes hay is apt to get Buh-stmok. An Indian and a white man was passing along a street in an American city, when the former espied a window full of wiga ; pointing to the owner, who wa» standing in the doorway, he said, " Ugh ! Him great mai^-hig brave-take neap scalps !" 