ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY TIu GuOST.) , ' " J'"' n. 4. "Uiihappy inembers of the fourthcestato arc, during the present to'them anythingj but festive season able to- realise to tse" very fullest etent the uinfortunate plight in Which the ancient Egyptians found' 'lieiinieles wIhel compelled by theii drsil. 'taskslasteis to uianidfacture bricks withiout' straw. 116w, in the lame of everything rational, is an unlucky slave of tle' lamp' :to hndite a?letter, ivten"frieods, acquaint-j ances, and gossipers:are all odut of the way ? Parlianiseit id ?oit of sessidn, Ministers and meiubers of the Legislature for the mdst .pat:rt tetiiing their: free railway.passes in other colonies, and everybody who-is any body in tlie political and social w~orld has fled from the . dust of- Victoria's chief city' and sought distraction, dissipation,. or pleasure at some one of. .ur,. nume rous sea-side resorts,. -Not ?even the announcement maile in.the colunins of the Government Gtazete, lthat the annual rveiiue had falien short of the? Treasurer's estimato by upwards of £100,000, has ruffled the dead calm of matters political. Mr. -Service is lboking at the deficit very :philo sophically":from-the -margin of those very sad and unmentionably dreary sea waves that have the '.biack beach"l;at Sorrento, his late colleague at the Sydney Conference, :Mr. .Kerferd, keeping hid chief company -the while, and dreaminglof that Supreme Court judgeship which hasb been at ;times sbfonear his grasp, and yet:is still so. far froim attainment. .-' ., V , The members of the Public Service Board and theotwo Railway Commissioners, created. reslpectively :under'.the new Civil Se0ide Bill ind.the Railways Management Bill, are yet unappointed,. or: niore edlrectly speaking, perhaps, the appointees' names have snot',:up ;to:. the present been vouchsafed to tho public. It is no teciet,!hdwever;.that'the matter has been .discussed' and. settled in the Cabinet and the selection made.. Howe?ier, silence •cannot be kept much longer,. for .ther.rail :ways management is to .be in the hands of the three commissioners on the 1st of;Feb ruary, arid during next week the, names of tlhe fortunate: gentlemen will .lie: known •And then a howl for the : many':disap 'pointed ones: may: be expected, and some present friends will, become future, ene 21i0s. : ' '. . . . . The works of tho.Harbour Trustihn con nection with. the, renioval of the, Yarra ~alls, temiporarily.' stopped by a Supreme Court injunmtion issued at :the instance of some Riverine .nianufacturers, liave been resumed. ..It t has ::been-: very, muela thee fashion of late years to abuse and decry the river, and' opprobriouis names, by the .dozen have' been 'showered on',tho poor Yarra,Y'arra.. ' It is,,'lhowever, satisfactory. to knowthat there :are 'soteo:people 'still who' look." upon'; it with : such .: favour that sooner-than see ainy change, andxather thah suffer the deprivation of its notover pellucid nor too sweet scented waters,;they are prepared to undertake a. long. and ,o. pensive eqluitysuit.. 'TheYarra, like Jor dan:.of old, may' come :from' one .:of 'the iteanest toebo looked, upon as one of the noblest of,streams.:.. Who-knows that ore many years .it may ,become: ,.possible to emulate, the feat. of. Naaman, and, even opposite the bone mnills to "wash: and be clean'??. (" p Some. alterations ought.. certainly . to be nhadelin':thoe rules of cricket, which would hivb' the 'effect. of. reducing, the scores. Life 'is too 'short for people to be. able to devote one entire day,.out of their, allotted span tolookinig at : batsman ! making his 300 runs. There is, sooth to say,:.a;'great deal 'of: sameness: in ;the proceeding, and. teejoturs Mfterdoch. at ' the .wickets threatens to (become as,. uninteresting as 'thetio: . proverbial iosjours o perdrix. In the good old days of underhand bowlieng,:'and, when the billiard table-like sward:wasundroamt of, oven>;" getting into double figure" was almost.aifeather in the cap of:thelbest players;.. All that is changed now;'and .the:.conditions under which the gaime is played now . being : so entirely, different to those of former, times, would it nbt beowell to? inaugurate, one more altera tion, and shave off half an inch. or so from the 'width of the bat ? ::In these days, wheni ev.rything aid everybodyis being reformed, are there no cricket reformers? I-fow strongly people-are-affected-by. old traditidns is exemplified? by even such an unpretentious little literary production as the time-table' of Uthe Union, Steamship Comuipany{. lMost persons have heard the story aneint tlhe ov'rscrepulous Scotch lady, who " wadnas aloo-: whustlin' on thq, Sabbath?l" (and those' who have not had perhaps better retiin their ignorance of the anecdote). "The moral leson therein inculcated, has evidently not been forgotten by the directors'of the'Cobmpany named, the majorityt of 'whlom 'are :reputed to 'hail from north of thes Tweed.'% The pamphlet, after setting out the various' signals to be used,'states these-will be heard on'theide&' parture of the steamers .' except oih Sud:n days, 'when the whistle will not' be soiunded.? 'The vessels may steam,' tlid? passengers enjoi their liquor at the ship's: btr, the'ofilcers.anid crei go' about their: regulai duties is 'oi:.ordinary week days,, but therelis to be "nadwhiustlin' on the Sabbath." 'Does not ithee regilation! 'cll' up vivid recollections 'of fthe "laiid? of mountain and of flood ?" ': ":i SThe Ministry are tacing as unconsion- F ably lng a time. in. filling.. .up the-, two. vacant police magistracies as the Merry Monarch did in dying. 'But'Charles IIL apologised for the delay, and Mr.. Service. and his colleagues "mako no-sign. ,The' officers of the department are beginning to. feel uhoeasy, and half' anticipate''?another "'job." If the rule of the Civil 'Service is to be obhorved' why should the bunch of. cairots be dangled for so long ? Is ' it .in-' I tended to keep the P.1M. ships in reserve '' i lesson tho' feeling' of' disappointment' to which' the piblicatioi of the names f th6. iundmbe?s'bf.thd Railways'and Civil Service' lBoards is' siio toýgivo use? -" What with foot-and-mouth' discias', rindortpdast and ti obthder ills to which bovino flesh is heir cattloein Europn p liave, of late" yeoars; boon having rablithr' liad tiie 'of it. 'The o'oast, beef of old' England " is' not ; even now beyond ss-t s ipicion. Victoria appears' 'destined" 'to realise:somo, of-the oexpiienes"bof 61d6F countries. Thero.e is Qlittle doubt that tuberculosis, in a virulent- form, exists in iliorhelidsiand tlit vigorous means must bo. adoptid if the disease is'to b6 stamped out; 1" What is one .man's meat, is anotheF' man's poison," says the old proverb. 'Unless ipeople aire carefiil in the 'selection of their joints, it may come to pass that in regard. ito our butchers, some men's meat may turn out to' b'. everybody's poison. The fearful diseses is communicable to human beings, and this very thought is almost enough to cause persons to becomo vdgo jtarianiclitiophagiovarians, or anything arians'.in'preference to remaining "beef deaters." ' ' : ' ' , . , . ' , , ' - : . " The' faro provided,for Christmas 'tide is' still being 'prferred' ,to"the play-going public of Melbourne.. Even ;the, most favourably disposed critic must alloiv that there is' nothing at any of ,the theaities of which 'the managiement have reason to feel' proud, if we except the Operai House, where "Rip VanWinikle" isbeingpresented. 1The pantomimes at the Bijou and Royal idro stupidly inane, imid at the latter house largely 'spiced with vulgarity. The local wittiisms are of the most dreary type, and the alirlequinades as idiotically stupid as ever. Surely it is timne to abolish these "stupid relics of a bygone ago." Panto mime has long ceased to. amuse children and', to grown up peoIle they are " th abomination of desolation." To. .po'dple about to visit thlie Melbourne theatres Punclh's advice to those about.to marry is sinigularly appi'ropriate, "Don't." 