Apropos of Leap-Year. I SAID to the countess, apropos of leap-year, I wouder our countrymen over there don't take advantage of the prir vilege ; there are so many more women than men, the poo things are driven to dire extremities. Au indefinable expression shone in the beautiful eyes of my lucky countrywoman. I never knew but the one case, she replied. It was, as you say, of dire extremity. I will tell you the story. She was a friend of mine who lived out west in America with her mother and two sisters. Blanche was the eldest, Matilda the next, and then came Betty, my friend. They were rather pressed once in a while for money-the poor father had died before he meant to, and had left a mortgage on the place, which, of course, they had no hope to pay off. They just drifted along, saved all they could, and scrimped and contrived like ali the good neighbours in their vicinity ; did their own baking and making, washing and ironing ; and there were the cows, you see, for milk and butter, though the churning sometimes was so contrary one got sadly out of heart with it. I've heard Betty say she's pumped and pumped till she knew there was a witch some- where, and when she'd whispered a little invocation to the hidden fairy the chunks within the chum would suddenly . melt together, and it would be done in no time. And just the same way with the bleaching : Betty declared the fairies had something todo with whitening the linen, which they used as a sort of dancing cloth at night. She, poor child, you will perceive, had her head full of all sorts of nonsense ; where she learned it the good Lord knows. She trained many a bean- stalk with the shy hope it would make a ladder to the skies, and never saw a monstrous yellow pumpkin but she thought of its capability for a coach and four. It was midday in one beautiful year in Betty's life when theçe came to the place a magnificent gentleman whom we will call Jones. He was a colonel of some sort, and was straight from the mining region, where he had accumulated a handsome fortune. He was well favoured in form and feature, and it was the most natural thing in the world that all the feminine population should go wild over this matrimonial prize. Betty's sisters were well out of their teens, and it had long since been determined that marriage was the only solution to the pecuniary problem which puz led the household more and more every year. Blanche and Matilda were universally recognized as the belles of the place, as, besides their acknowledged beauty, they could lay claims to superior accomplishments. The good mamma had thought it an excellent investment of capital to give her jewels an extra setting, and had hired a poor Frenchman from the neighbouring village to give her elder daughters lessons of various kinds. He was compelled to be rather versatile, as his pupils had different tastes, and was sometimes driven to his wits' eDd to improvise new accomplishments for his exacting patrons. He bewailed his lot bitterly to Betty, who was sent down after him to the village with their one rickety horse and vehicle. Betty con- soled bim a8 best she could in her child-like way, and so the days went on, and the poor Frenchman, whom we will call Monsieur Achille Victor, became more than ever in de- mand, as an entertainment was to be given in honour of Colonel Jones, the rich mining speculator Betty was sent to and fro to purchase finery for the ball, and on her way she brought and took back Monsieur Victor. Betty was of that comfortable age that she was considered too young to be compelled to the proprieties of a woman, and too old to fall into the flurries and fears of a child. Mon- sieur Victor was so thin and dark and hairy, so old in his ways and precise in his habits, that the family only looked upon him as a useful commodity, and they knew nothing of those ebullitions of wrath, of sorrow, of sentiment and feeling, which took place in the old carry-all, with only I Betty for an auditor. The Professor himself doubtless at times ignored the presence of the child, and when he had used her for his safety-valve to the extent of plunging her into tears of commiseration and strong expressions of sym- pathy in his behalf, he would suddenly recollect himself, and put out his fire and that of the tender Betty by the one little sentence, " Soyez tranquille, mon enfant!" These fits of fury became so frequent about the time of the ball, and his remarks upon the gallant colonel were so personal and severe, that Betty, with the naïveté of a child, said to him one day : "Is it that thou art jealous of Colonel Jones? Hast thou, then, fallen foolishly in love with one of my sisters, M onsieur Victor ?" The professor looked down upon the propounder of these impertinent questions, and burst into a fit of laughter, in which Betty joined, so glad was she to see in his face the denial to her inquiries. " I care not that for them," he said; snapping his fingers contemptuously ; nor for any one in the whole world save thyself, little one !" Betty drove on then, fully at ease in her little mind, for she hada simple trustful nature. And so the harvest-moon grew bigger and rounder, and the night of the ball it glowed with wonderful brilliancy, so that Betty could almost read her story- book outside in the garden, and holding it close to her nose-for, big as her eyes were, her sight was nothing to boast of, she was amazed to find somebody close to the skirts of her dress without her having seen him approach. There stood a tall gentle- man, with a gold chain over his long white waistcoat, pan- taloons of a most lovely fawn, a linen duster, a broad brimmed hat of finest Panama straw, and when he took off his driving gloves there was a gem on his little finger that blazed with all the colours in the fireworks on the Fourth of July. Betty knew at once it was the Colonel Jones, and hastened to get him a bit of rope to mend some of his broken gearing. " So your visitors have gone to the ball," he said, looking more at Betty than the rope he was twisting, and "have left you at home to tidy up. I've heard a story like that somewhere, only the little girl was left sifting the cinders. What the deuce was the story called, now ?" " 'Cinderella,' " said Betty, with a lively interest ; "and the fairy godmother comes and turns the rats into horses, the pumpkin into a coach." " Oh, yes. I've got it," broke in the Colonel ; "and off goes Cindy to the ball, cuts out her sisters, and carries off the prize herself. I always liked that story. I've a deuced good mind to act the part of the Prince myself." "Do, do!" cried Betty, "and choose one of my sisters at the ball : they'll be awfully disappointed if yon don't ; they've set their hearts on it, and you couldn't find prettier or nicer ladies anywhere in the world." " I haven't the least doubt of it," he said ; but that wouldn't be like the story. We mustn't spoil the story, you know. I was going to propose to you to take the part of Cinderella-it would fit you to a nicety." " You are making fun of me," said Betty, turning away, and opening the garden gate. " I never was more in earnest in my life," said Colonel Jones ; " wait till to-morrow, and you'll see." He lifted his hat, and Betty went within doors, hoping that what she had said might perhaps make an impression upon the Colonel's mind. Her sisters were all that she had told of them-handsome, wise, and good-what more could he want ? And what more could he find at the ball ? Betty was certain, as she began to nod off to sleep, that the long suspense and worry were over, and one of her sisters would secure the matrimonial prize. Now it happened that the next day Betty's luncheon was her sisters' breakfast, for they had slept late after the ball ; and while they were lingering over the meal to discuss the events of the night before, who should dash by the side win- dow but the hero of the entertainment. When he alighted at the door, and the mamma hastened out to meet him, both the sisters blushed and hurried away from the table, bid- ding Betty help them to their toilets. Nothing could ever make them believe it ; but Betty was as much astonished as they when word came that the Colonel desired to see Miss Betty with the rest ; and as the Colonel was a man who had been long used to having his way, and had a position in the world that enabled him to speak out his mind when others might he compelled to beat about the bush, he lost no time in telling his astonished listeners the nature of his errand. He said that he believed the breaking of his gear- ing the night before was a part of his destiny, that his heart bad been completely conquered by Miss Betty, and be begged leave to deliver that citadel over into her keeping, with all the emoluments appertaining thereto. Then, taking it for granted that the matter was settled, and graciously letting them take breath upon this sudden and magnificent pro- posal, he rode away, sayiDg he would shortly return again. The first thing Betty's sisters did was to make up all their little differences, and join hands over this new pro- ject. They had been ready at times to tear out each other's eyes, which was quite natural when we consider the unfor- tunate struggle in which they were engaged. They had been generous enough to hope, if one failed the other would suc- ceed, but the contest for supremacy was terrible. Now the.v put their heads together, and thought with one mind and one will, with mamma to aid them in the background. Betty was quite ignored in this council, and dispatched upon her usual errand for Monsieur Victor. Their lessons must not be neglected, as this new piece of good fortune only reflected upon the general prosperity of the household, and it was more than ever necessary that they should tit themselves for the fine future they were now really likely to attain. Betty went out with a beating heart, and geared up the old horse to the carry- all, taking care not to mar the fresh- ness of the new muslin she had put on in honour of the Colonel. As she rode along the song of the meadow lark was sweet to her ear. the new-cut grass fragrant to her nos- trils, and the wonders of God's universe beautiful to her near-sighted eyes. She would not have been the natural and faulty bit of humanity she was if she had not been vain of her fine ofter of marriage. She longed to tell the Pro- 1 fessor of the distinction which had been given her, and could hardly wait for him to get comfortably fixed in the carry- all when she began. Once in awhile, as she stole a side- long glance at him from under her long lashes, she saw the hot colour gather between his high cheek bones and his dark dry skin, and a flame began to burn in his fierce black eyes. She expected all this, and was only waiting for him to burst forth in one of his usual paroxysms of wrath and invective, and somewhat disappointed she got to the end of her story. The colour had gone out of his face, leaving it lividly pale, and a strange yearning had so softened the fierceness of his eyes that it brought the tears to Betty's own. He put one long thin hand upon his forehead, and gazed steadily out upon the red clay of the road. "Dost love this monster, Betty ?" he said, at last. " How can I tell, monsieur ?" faltered Betty. " What is it to love ?" " My child," he said, " to love, it is to be willing to give up all the world, and remain only to the one, and find there thy happiness. Hast this in thy heart for the Colonel Jones ?" " Not for the Colonel Jones," she replied, her voice sinking very low. "Malediction!" cried the Professor. "Hast this in thy heart for another? But I have been deceived in thee, Betty. I held thee as. a child, and thou teilest me of another, and still another." Then Betty's full heart overflowed. " There is no other and still another," she cried. "There is, and always has been, but the one, and you know very well it is you that have taught me to love, and that I love best in all the world." Now, to look upon the Professor, one would have thought he had meddled dangerously with an electric battery. He trembled as if he had seen a ghost, and poor little Betty began to cry, she felt so frightened and miserable. Then he gathered her in his arms, and kissed her, for the first time in his life, upon her young forehead, and, beginning with the old soothing words, " Soyez tranquille, mon enfant," he went on to tell her that she was altogether mistaken in her preference for him ; that it had been his misfortune as well as his happiness to have but the one little friend in all that strange country, and that, being twice her age at the least, and very lonely and miserable, he had sadly trespassed upon her sympathy and charity ; that God forbid he should take advantage of such sweet generosity : he was no longer young, and had never been attractive to women ; he was poor and an exile, and bade fair to remain so ; that her ingenuous words had touched him to the depth of his soul, but-" And here Betty broke in " But you don't want my poor little heart," she said, looking up and laughing through her tears, for there was that in the Professor's face that gave ineffable joy to the fond foolish heart of little Betty. " Very well, then ; neither will I accept the fine big heart of the Colonel ! I will have revenge upon somebody-see if I don't !" But the Professor would not respond to her gaiety, and gently putting Betty out of his arms, he took the reins and drove on, the hollows in his face growing deeper and darker as they neared the house. They found the two elder sisters in high debate over the material that should compose Betty's projected wedding garment. The elder sister declared that nothing would do but a corded silk with pipings of satin and flounces of real lace upon the train, if they had to sell the cows for the desideratum. Matilda contended that Betty's extreme youth would admit of a robe of tulle, with natural flowers ; and here the mamma gave her opinion that a neat travelling suit would be most befitting, as Betty was going imme- diately upon her bridal tour, and all this time the poor Professor had stood awaiting their convenienee. At last he turned upon his heel, and, followed by Betty, walked out the door. " I will walk back to the village, Betty," he said, pausing midway in the hall. " Maj' God bless and keep thee !" Heaven knows if it was a last caress he meant for the child, but he turned and took her once more in his arms, and pressed his .pale lips upon her tumbled hair. While the two mortals were absorbed in this brief ecstacy, an ejaculation, a shriek, almost a yell, came from the threshold of the door behind them. There stood the eldest sister with amazement and horror painted upon her fine features. Betty trembled and grew faint, but the Professor stood firm, and still kept the little hand of Betty within his own. The eldest sister, loath to give rein to the doubts and fears which the tableau before her suggested, tried to sneer away her forebodings. " You will be pleased to remember, Mon- sieur," she said, " that my sister is no longer a child to be mauled and caressed by every beggar in the neighbour- hood. Since your judgment and discretion are so sadly at fault, your services as a teacher will gladly be dispensed with." The Professor bowed, and without a word would have taken his departure, but that Betty would not let go his hand. " I will not let him go," she said, boldly, to them all, for the other sister and the mother had run to see what was the matter. " I love him best of all the world. I will not marry your Colonel Jones !" Then the three women begau pouring upon the bowed head of the unfortunate Professor all that abuse and scur- rility to which even ladies of gentility will sometimes resort in seasons of exasperation, fear, and frenzy. They called him a miserable cheat and hypocrite, who had dared use his years and knowledge of the world to mislead an infant ; they accused him of fostering romantic, wicked, and silly notions in the immature brain of a child. " A miserable pauper," said the eldest sister, "who has not the means to keep the body of a woman in comfort and security, is a scoundrel to endeavour to win her heart." The poor Frenchman here raised his head and said, sadly, in his own language, " You have reason, Mademoiselle." Then Betty could stand it no longer. She turned to the Professor and said: "Why don't you defend yourself? Since they do not scruple to insult you, why do you not, in your turn, tell them they are liars and fools? that you did not tell me of your love for me ? It was I that told you of my love for you. It was I that made the proposal-which he has rejected, ladies," added Betty, now gaining a pitch of the family fury. "He ha3 told me-in a much nicer way, however, all the truths you have expounded ; that he is too poor to respond to my sentiment, and he was about taking final leave of rae when you so impolitely broke in upon us. Yes, he is going," cried Betty, now breaking into tears and sobs, her voice i-ising to a high treble ; " but if I cannot have him, I will have nobody. You may take your colonel, over whom you have been fighting so long, and chop him in pieces, and divide him between you ; but I will have none of him." "Hold there, my pretty little termagant," cried auother voice, that boomed terror and dismay to hearts that were already quaking, and a martial form loomed up in the main door way. "Do what battle you will for your frog-eating friend, but don't give me over to the enemy ! I take excep- tion to being offered up on the family altar, and to save further trouble I will retire from the field, and will forth- with leave the town ; but I have brought a bauble here, which is now of no use to me, and I'll leave it with Miss Betty as an offset to all the trouble I've unwittingly brought upon her, for which, on my conscience, I'm heartily sorry. " Here he lifted Betty's limp hand and put the ring on ber finger'. " May it bring you luck and prosperity !" he said, and, with a sweeping bow disappeared. The professor was soon gotten rid of, and Betty was dragged to her room, where the door was locked upon her, and she was left alone with her bursting hea.'t. For a half hour or so she re remained stunned, bewildered, and conquered. Had her relatives come to her door during that period they might have made almost any terms with her ; but at the end of that time she began to gain strength and recuperate. She dried her eyes, aud lifted her aching head. It must be re- membered that Betty was but sixteen the June before, and had been left to grow as wild and free as the grape-vine that clambered by her chamber window ; the vine, unprimed and unbound, covered half that side of the house, and the parent stem was nearly the thickness of Betty's arm. Her heart was bursting, as I have said ; she felt that she should choke in that hot, stuffy room ; she would get away where she could at least breathe aud think, and up went the case- ment ; it was but two low stories from the ground. Betty grasped the friendly vine, and let herself down in the twink- ling of an eye. She ran around the corner of the house, and there, standing patiently by the gate, was the old horse and the old carry-all waiting, of course, for the usual trip back of the Professor. Betty jumped in, and coaxed the old creature into a brisk trot. She rode on and on, her faculties gradually begin- ning to rally. She smoothed her hair with her hands, and touched the stray locks under the hat, which had all this time been hanging loose upon her shoulders ; then she smoothed out the folds of her dress, and by this time the old horse, left to himself, went straight upon the old errand, and stopped before the door of the Professor. Betty started and blushed, but the thought of seeing him once again consoled her for everything. She ran lightly up the shabby porch, and was met by the news that the Pro- fessor had just gone to catch the train for the neighbour- ing town. Bick again she fled to the carry-all, and this time urged the poor beast to its highest speed. She reached the depot just as tlie train did. The Professor nearly fell off the platform when he saw Betty. She lifted up her hands to him, intending to saya last good bye, but just then all power of articulation was lost to her ; there was no time to wait for its restoration. Catching Betty's hands in his own the Professor drew her to his side, the whistle blew, and off they went. Scarcely had they been seated and gone the length of a fence when all the enormity of her misdeeds fell full upon the consciousness of Miss Betty. She knew there was no train back till midnight ; the old horse and carry-all were left ? behind, with all the rest of her conveniences. What in the world was to become of her ? She pulled the hand that the Professor still held away from him, and, turning her back upon him, flattened her little nose against the window of the car. To crown all her misfortunes, it began to rain heavily. Betty's big tears were on one side the pane, and the rain-drops on the other. The Professor saw that she was shaking with her sobs. It melted all the difficulties away from his troubled vision. Leaning obliquely forward the better to screen her from the gaze of the few humdrum passengers, he began, as usual, with his "Soyez tranquille, mon enfant." " Oh, do hush with your everlasting ' Be tranquil !' " cried Betty. " I'm nearly wild ! What shall I do ? I've given you so much trouble, and got myself into such a dreadful scrape !" Then she went on to tell him of her im- prisonment, her escape, the stupid blundering of the old horse in the old direction, her foolish wish to bid him a last good bye, and the final leap upon the fatal train. " What shall I do ? How shall I get back?" said poor little Betty. The Professor shrugged his shoulders. " In truth there is no getting back," he said. "Heaven has decreed that our paths shall lie onward and together. We will find some good priest at the neighbouring town who shall make our destinies one. We will leave the rest to the good God." Once warmed to this theme, the Professor's language wTould have been ravishing to even an indifferent ear, so fraught was it with grace and feeling, delicacy and devotion. Betty listened to him in a half dream, it was so sweet to know that she was not to be separated from him-not to be taken back to her now disgraced and infuriated relatives ; so restful to hear him at last declare that love was all and everything, so nice not to be hushed up with that "Soyez tranquille. ' She was very tired, withal. Her eyelids began to droop, her breath came softer and softer ; presently she fell off upon the Professor's shoulder into a sleep, shaken some times by one of tbose little after sobs that mark the slum- ber of an infant. The Professor began then to knit his brows, and wonder how he should manage in this scrape in which he was plunged by this adorable woman. Now that their fares were paid he had just five dollars in the world, and in the purse which Betty had knitted for him at Christmas. Half of this actually belonged to his landlady ; there were other little obligations in the village yonder-to the barber, to the laundress, to the person who dealt in stationery. In fact, the Professor had lived beyond his means, which would not be wondered at if the limit of those means were known. He had of course meant to return and settle these little claims; his visit to the town was merely preliminary : now it was impossible to return. Betty had settled all that. To go back was ruin. He was branded in that vicinity as a villain, a scélérat, a kidnapper of children ! Yes, if he per- sisted in his flight he might even be arrested as an abscond- ing debtor. And he had tried so hard to live in obeisance to his ancient name, and the noble sentiments that had been handed down to him through the faultless generations ! The Professor sighed heavilj', and nearly knitted his brows into a bow-knot over these perplexities ; but in the midst of them all his arm tightened around Betty, and he I vowed in his heart that she was worth tenfold the agony he was suffering, and she was his-really his own ! He would have her now, come what would. He even felt firmer and freer in this resolve that the old noblesse oblir/f- had been broken through. He was a scélérat now, malgré lui, and he secretly snapped his fingers at the grim proprieties, while he still gloated over his sleeping prize. The train bumped into the depot of the Western town, and the Professor lifted Betty out. As they passed the ticket office some one was inquiring in a loud voice for a party in that vicinity who went by the name of Achille "Victor. Betty would have stopped short, but the Professor hurried her on, and lifted her into a hack. Ha ! they were on his track already, were they ? His landlady, the barber, the laundress, and the person who dealt in stationery were doubtless instigated to this rapid persecution by the relatives of his divine Betty. They would fain arrest him, throw him into a dun- geon, separate him from his angel. "Never!" he shouted aloud, to the alarm of Betty ; but she was soon quieted, and they jogged along to the hotel. The Professor was distracted to find it of noble proportions and corresponding prices. Their simple supper and the price of the hack took all the landlady's share of his money. The agonizing question propounded itself to the Professor, " Could a marriage be consummated in this country for two dollars and a half ?" " Bless you, yes !" said the party he ventured to con- fidently address. " You don't pay in advance, you see. There's where you've got the dead wood on 'em !" The Professor shuddered to the marrow of his bones with the misery entailed upon him by his accursed poverty. On looking back upon it afterwards he confessed that the preliminaries to his marriage could only be likened to an experience with the hangman or the block-he was so humiliated, oppressed, terrified. It was necessary to have a private interview with the clergyman, even apart from his beloved Betty. There were secrets to be divulged only to the clerical ear. Betty began to wonder at all this skulking and secrecy, but she loved Achille with a blind, unreasoning love. When the Professor emerged from the confabulation with the priest he was a new man. The priest was an Irish- man and a gentleman ; he did the service for nothing ; used the Colonel's ring by way of economy, and actually lent th« bridegroom two dollars and a half. That made the five dollars intact again-it seemed like Providence. But the next clay dawned wet and ominously gloomy. A few little extras ate into his capital again, and he had t morbid hon-or of seeing the five dollars diminish. He wenl out in the afternoon, resolved to earn money in any waj that honorably offered itself, embracing his beloved Betty, and leaving her to her ease and reflections. These were bj no means satisfactory. Her muslin robe was torn a little and draggled about the flounces ; the ruffling at the neel began to wilt, and lose all impression of the crimping iron How could she go down to the table in that conspicuously slatternly robe, and what would she do as it became stil more unpresentable ? She had no gloves for her hands her hat was one of coarse old straw ; half-high buskins dh not serve to hide her already soiled stockings. Tears o penitence, of pity for herself and the wretched man she ha( dragged with her into this vortex, rolled out of her eye down upon her folded hands. Her sight, mechanically -ollowing these, fell suddenly upou the gem that sparkle< upon her finger, that blazed with all the colours of the fire works on a Fourth of Julj% in the ring of the good Colone Jones. Now behold a happy woman ! She arose and skippe< about the room in an ecstasy of relief and joy. She wept she fell on her knees and prayed God to forgive her all th misery she had brought upon so many hearts. Then sh arose, refreshed and subdued and chastened, and flew ti the bell. She gained a conference with a good-naturei servant of the establishment, who had already been kind t< her. She was directed to a jeweller of good repute. "But if he offers you fifty," said Betty's adviser-" fo they're all skins and swindlers-say you'll take a hundred and split the difference at seventy-five." In the meanwhile the Professor had walked and walkei the streets of the town, the heavens opened, the rain fell the wind blew upon the wretched mau, turning his umbrell inside out, and drenching him to the skin. In vain did h offer his services for a mere pittauce in all the capacities and they were many-for which he was honestly fitted As the gloomy day waned, tired to his heart's core, dis heartened, and on the verge of despair, this poor bridegroor went back to his bride. At the door he was met by th good-natured employé who had already been of such servie to Betty and himself. The man beckoned him aside. " There's a party within there that's been waiting for yoi an hour and more, sir ; and I heard them say in the oific he's a detective. A priest came with him." " The Judas !" murmured the Professor ; " he's betrayei me !" "Very likely, sir," said the servaut ; but the Professo had already given one shuddering glance into the room am hurried on. He leaped up the stairs two at a time, am burst into their apartment. " We are lost ! All is over !" he cried. " For myself i matters not, but for thee, ma douce petite-' Here h made a gesture of despair, and plunged into the revelatioi of the danger that threatened them through the persecutioi of his landlady, the baker, the laundress, and the perso: who dealt in station er j\ " They will throw me into goal they will separate us." "How much do you owe these people, Achille?" sai< Betty, anxiously. " A trifle, my own ; but I cannot just now-" "How much, my dear Achille ?" "A mere nothing, my beloved, but it is impossible-" "Oh, Achille, will you tell me how much? Is it fifty dollars?" " No, no, nor half, nor quarter-a paltry ten-dollar bill would more than pay every debt I owe in the world." " Oh, my beloved !" cried Betty, in a fervor of gratitude and relief, " here are five of the bank-notes you speak of. " She thrust into his hand a bundle of bills. In his agony the Professor had not before noticed that his wife wore an entirely different costume from that in which he had left her. She had been prudent. A modest suit of gray, with gaiters and gloves to match, a neat walking hat, and a few more necessities, had only cost her twenty-five dollars. Her eyes sparkled ; her cheeks glowed. She had that in- definable air of superiority and dignity which characterizes those who are above the world. But Achille's brow black- ened. He tapped angrily upon the bank-notes. " Where ? How ?" he began ; and Betty held out her empty finger. " The ring of Colonel Jones," she said, with epigrammatic simplicity. The Professor took a long breath of relief. He offered his wife his arm. " Let us go and confront this person," he said. They found it was the same party they had seen at the railway station. He bowed very low, and advanced to meet the bridal party. The Professor acknowledged this obeisance by a haughty nod, and put his hand proudly to his pocket. " What is the amount of your claim," he said. " My claim!" said the stranger. " You mean your claim, I suppose, Monsieur the Count. It includes the title of course." " Grand Dieu !" cried the Count. " What is this ?" " It is," said the stranger, " that I've hunted over every infernal state in the union to tell you that your two cousins are dead, and you've fallen heir to everything. Your rents are accumulating over there." The Count fell into a chair. It was necessary to bring him a glass of wine. "I bore my aggrandizement more calmly. You will remember I had just been through the ordeal with the ring, which you see still blazing upon my finger. It was worth more than we thought, and we had great trouble to get it back again, but we prize it as aladdin did his lamp." " In conclusion, my dear friend," said the Countess, "I must confess that when all these things happened it was not leap-year after all." -Harper's Weekly, 