REBUILDING OF TRINITY CHURCH AT BARRABOOL HILLS. Owing to tlie building known as Trinity Church, situated on the brow of a Bteep bill more than a mile and a half from the township of Ceres, showing indications of falling, the structure was razed to the ground. The Episcopalian residents of Barrabool Hills not having any church in which to meet, the old schoolhouse was used for holding divine worship. With the same liberal spirit - as that which characterised the former residents of the famous wheat growing district, energe tic steps were taken by the younger mem bers of the congregation of Trinity church to set about rebuilding the old sacred edifice. Their efforts were crowned with success, and liberal donations of money were received towards defraying the cost. Plans were prepared for a neat little church somewhat on the lines of the old one, andit was resolved to at onceset about the work. The old building, which was erected in 1S55 at the cost of about £4000 —for the work was doneindear times—was taken down in July last, and the con tractor for the re-construction of the church, Mr Holyoak, of Geelong, started operations. The new structure, taking the measurements from the inside, is, in dimensions, 45ft. in length, by a width of 24ft., the height being loft. The ancient building was 12ft. longer, 6ft. wider, and 3ft. higher than the one which is to take its place, whilst the cost of the new one is to be £490 103, the contractor having to use up all the old material of Barrabool Hills freestone, and the slate roof. The building operations are being conducted under the superintendence of Mr P. M'Cann, who is clerk of works. Progress has been made so far that the walls are nearly completed, but a vacant spot was left on the eastern wing for the laying of a memorial or corner stone, and this ceremony was performed yesterday after noon by Mr J. R. Hopkins, president of the Winchelsea shire council, and ex pre sident of the Barrabool shire council. Fully 200 persons assembled at the site of the hew structure, nearly eight miles from Geelong, many of the visitors journeying from town to take part the proceedings. Among those present were the revs. Canon Good man and Chalmers, and the revs. W. C. Hose (All Saint's Church, Newtown), J. Freeman (Trinity Church, Winchelsea) G. N. Bishop, (Drysdale), A. Maxwell, (Modewarre), F. W. Wilcox, (curate of St. Paul's Church, Ashby), and'G. E. W. Sproule, (TrinityChurch,BarraboolHilIs). The service as performed in connection with the laying of foundation or corner stones of Episcopalian Churches in the diocese of Melbourne, was conducted by the rev. gentlemen, and then, Mr Piper, junr., stated that in a cavity in the stone, a bottle had been placed, containing several coins of the realm, copies of yesterday's Geelong Advertiser, and the Melbourne morning papers, and a parchment scroll containing the following | inscription:— " This corner stone of a new church, erected on the site of the building known as Trinity Chnrch, which was built in the year 1S55, and in consequence of its ruinous state was taken down in July, 18S4, was laid by John Rout Hopkins, Esquire, on the 12th 1 day of September, 18S4, in the eighth year of the episcopate of James Moorhouse, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne. Trustees—The Venerable Theodore Carlos Beuoni Stretch (archdeacon), John Edney, Charles Cox. Church wardens—James Mann, John Beck, Nathaniel Hyndes. Minister—The Reverend George E. W. Sproule. Builders—Messrs Holyoak and Co." Mr J. R. Hopkins proceeded to lay the memorial stone, and. said, "I lay this i corner stone'of a church known as Trinity, church, in the'name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." He I further remarked that he had great plea sure in performing the ceremony, and stated that he was about one of the old est residents of theBarrabool Hills pre sent. for he had resided in the locality in March, 1845. At that time they had to go to Geolong to worship in the churches, and he had often seen many of the old pioneers of the district wolkins into town to worship. In the early days it was not an easy task, especially when the roads were not in good order. The country had now, however, been settled and improved, and gave signs of general advancement. Ho was pleased to see that the young men of the district were taking a leading interest in the re-establishment of the church, and he esteemed it as a privilege, as well as a pleasure, in having received the invitation to lay the corner stone of the new building. The Rev. Canon Goodman stated that they had been engaged that afternoon in the very solemn office of laying the memo rial stone of an edifice to be used in the service of Almighty God. It struck him as being a very singular gathering, for although in an essential sense it was the corner stone of a new church, it was in reality the relaying of the stone of a church which was in its twenty-ninth year of establishment. Instead of being there to speak of the encouragement -they had received in the district, they had to speak of the discouragement, for he did not think that after the church had existed for twenty-nine years it was encouraging to see it taken down stone by stone. It was an unusual thing to see, and yet they had found it necessary to do so. He could not help reflecting on what he had seen about six years since, when he took a voyage to the old country;! he had seen something akin to the pro- [ ceedings that day, and it was in connec tion with the Peterborough Cathedral, the work being necessary, owing to a crack in | the lantern tower, but that crack had taken 500 years to manifest itself. It was not very long since that the Prince of Wales performed the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the tower, which was to cost the large sum of £60,000. When they considered that it had taken five centuries to cause a defect in the cathedral they could discern how faith- | fully the sacred edifice had been built, and it made them lament that in 29 years ! it was necessary to rebuild the church in | Barrabool Hills. He thought, however, that they should be thankful for the spirit which had animated the people of the Hills, who had been so energetic in the cause. He knew that it was easier to build a new church than to take down the old one and rebuild it, still it showed them that where there was death there was life, and where there had been dis couragement there was now encourage- | ment, and they had to thank God that there was a disposition on the part of the people to face the difficulty. They should join in asking the blessing of God to rest upon the pastor of the church, to whose efforts the successful carrying out of the work was mainly due. He hoped that the rebuilding of the church would have the effect of re- \ building souls to occupy the spiritual temple of the Holy Ghost. It was his fervent prayer that the spirit of God would descend abundantly on the labors of the pastor, and that his hands would be strengthened in the work of the | Master. The Rev. Mr Sproule remarked that j the Rev. Canon Goodman had spoken of it being discouraging to have to rebuild | the church, but he had found the people so ready and willing to have the work done that it proved very encouraging. They had reason for thanksgiving to Al mighty God for the help that had ! been given in the undertaking. Be desired to correct Canon Goodman in giving him the praise, for although it had indeed been a labor of love with him he had been ably and cordially assisted by the friends in the district. He echoed the prayers of Canon Goodman, that the blessing of Almighty God would re3t upon his preaching, and that he would long be spared to faithfully and purely discharge his duties, and that he would I be instrumental in raising many temples —that temple which was not made with hands—and that in the future, when they had ceased from their earthly labors, they would all bo found to be living I stones in that temple where they would be united for evermore. After prayer by the rev. Canon Good- j man, the proceedings terminated. The school room had been elegantly decorated with evergreens and flowers, and a banquet provided by the ladies of the congregation of Trinity Church. All j assembled were invited to take part, and the tables had to be several times relaid | to accommodate the gathering. The chair j was occupied by Mr J. R. Hopkins, but there were no speeches. A vote of thanks 1 was heartily given to Mr Hopkins on performing the ceremony of laying the corner stone of the church, and apologies , for the absence of the following were read by the Rev Sir Sproule, viz., the Dean of Melbourne, Archdeacon of Melbourne, the Rev 0. S. Perry (of St. John's Church, Melbourne), the hon. G. P. Belcher, Mr John Bracebridge Wilson, M.A., and Mr B. A. Allen. 