TOWN TALK A number o£ items of interest received by cable will be found in the usual column. A supplement to tbe Gazette notifies tbe appointments to the Public Service board, and of the Victorian Railways Commission, the names being those already familiar to the public. Tho evidence in connection with tbe Pettavel murder, which was given on Tuesday, was the subject of conversation in town yesterday. Tho conclusion arrived at with regard to the commission of the fearful crime appeared "to bo unanimous, and it seems singular that the police have been unable to secure any direct evidence with respect to the tragedy. The defectives, Messrs Brown, Ward and Potter, Sergeant Swale and Constable White, visited tho scene of the murder yesterday, and thoroughly searched the water-hole near tho house, as well - as making a general inspection of the premises, but they were unsuccessful in finding any furthor clue to lead to the discovery of tbe perpetrator of tho dreadful affair. Colonel Disney, the commandant of tbe new Victorian Militia, accompanied by Colonels Browniigg, Walker, and Mair, visited Geelong last evening, and held an official inspection of the local artillery corps. About forty members attended, and three detachmeuts were put through a severe ordeal at the guns, acquitting them, selves very creditably. Major Rashleigh, Captain Swift, and Surgeon-Mojor Reid were tbe local officers in attendance. Prior to visiting tbe orderly room, Colonel Disney and bis companions were cutertained at dinner at Mack's Hotel by Colonel Conran. An application was made to the magis trates £at the police court yesterday morning by a laborer named Charles Middleton, residing in Bellerine-street, for a warrant for the arrest of his. daughter Mary Margaret Middleton. He stated that the girl, who ] was scarcely 14 years of age, had run away with a young woman named Maria Brand, who resides in Chapel street, South Yarra. The girl appeara to have been induced to desert her situation in Geelong, and her father handed a letter to the bench, which he stated had been ad dressed to his daughter, and that he had found in tho house. The following is a verbatim copy of tho epistle handed to the bench " The Salvation Army, 16 Union street, Windsor. Dear sister in Jesus,— I have open yonr letter in mistake. I know no one of this name what you mean by this address you Have on this letter, adress your letters Plane. God bless you, I hope you are trusting in Jesus. I remain your affectionate Bro. in Christ, Capt E Phillips. Tho letter bore tho crest of the Salvation Army, the words " Blood and Eire being emblazoned round the stamp. Tho bench ordered that a warrant should he issued for her arrest. At the Police Court yesterday, Hy. Stewart, aged 36 years, who was charged with drnnkenness was discharged with a caution ; and George Wilson, aged 25 years, was fined 10s or ■ 14 days' imprisonment The case of Mary Burns v Hoffman, being an information to bind the.\"defendant to : keep the peace was struck out, as the com- | plainant did not put in an'appearance. Wm. Lane, the well-known cabman, was sum moned by S. Lamblo for 30s for work and labor done, and material supplied. The | case which was in connection with some | attention paid to a sick horse occupied a | long time in hearing, and the bench even tually decided to nonsuit the complainant without costs. The magistrates on. the I bench were Messrs Heron, P. M., Bannister, Pardey, Few, and Couves, Js.P,: ^ The resident surgeon at the liospita1 yesterday gave a certificate as to the cause | of the death of Mr Chas: Harrison, who met 1 with an accident at the Chilwell gravel pits. Under the circumstances Mr Heron the | police magistrate decided that there was no necessity to hoia any enquiry. There are a' number of deep rnts on the I metalled road between Belmont and the j Wanrn Ponds bridge. In the daytime some | skill has to be displayed by persons driving vehicles to steer clear of the holes, so that at ' night they must be doubly awkward to encounter. In one or two places heaps of maintenance metal remain on the side of the road and a few shovelsful of the stone cast into the rnts would tend to lessen the liability of accidents occurring. Tho following casualties were treated at the hospital yesterday -.—Charles Anderson, aged 35 years, residing in Chilwell, for ; laceration of tho fingers, caused hy one of | his bauds being caught in some machinery at the Vulcan Foundry ; Daniel M'Curdy, aged four years, whose parents live in South Gceloug, for a cut on foot, caused by his | treadiug on a piece of glass ; and Martin Cantey, aged five years, whose parentB reside in Pakington street, for a sprained elbow joint, caused by one of his arms being caught | ins gat* The members ot the Agricultural Society at their annual meeting held yesterday afternoon, unanimously re-elected Mr J. H. Connor as the president of the society. A very neat, oral-shaped gold medal has been manufactured and presented by Mr J Hammertoe, of Little Eyrie-street, for competition at the Fire Brigades' Demon siration, to be held in March next. The medal is intended as the second prize for the best average time in the whole of the contests. One side of the trophy contains the crest of the Geelong Corporation, above which is a well defined representation of a fireman's helmet. An inscription on the reverse side of the medal indicates what the trophy has been given for, space being left for the name of the winning team. A special train from the Colac and Win Chelsea districts brought to Geelong yester day afternoon about 1200 sheep. An enjoyable run to the township of Ceres and back was made on Tuesday evening by the members of the-Geelong Bicycle club. Seven of them jumped into the saddles at the Exhibition Hall and although hilly country had to bo negotiated the journey was performed in an hours time roa<l was in capital order, and the' merry spin back to town wasfnllof cxci'o ment and pleasure. Tho bicyclists were well treated by the residents of the hills. Our grain ships are having quick despatch. The following will show what can be done in loading grain at the Geelong railway pier. On Tuesday ana yesterday five ships were loading. Of these one finished on Tuesday and one only commenced loading yesterday afternoon, but the bags actually shinned were 10,/16, one ship, the Kincardinshire having taken in by steam during the two days 383G bags, whilst another ship viz the Felix, took in on Tuesday, by hand, 1800 bags. Great credit is certainly duo to Mr M. J. Cummins of the Railway Department for his highly judicious, arrangement of the trucks, and general management on the pier The scenery for the pantomime of Bine Beard, to be performed at the Exhibition Theatre next month, is being rapidly painted f m h Grist, the well known scenic artist of Melbourne. The annual meeting of the congregation of St. James Church, Drysdale, was held on Tuesday evening last. The guardians' re port and balance sheet for the past year were read and adopted as being eminently satis factory. The church having been recently consecrated, the election of churchwardens and vestrymen as the managing body, to take the place of the retiring guardians, was : proceeded with iu accordance with the church acts. The election resulted as fob lows Churchwardens—For the clergyman, \Tf V r t y 5 for the Par'shioners, Messrs T. Bates and ft. Lloyd. Vestrymen —For the clergyman, Dr. Towle; for tho parishioners, Messrs Hillman, Bartend and IV. Thompson. Mr T. Caruthers was appointed trnstee of the Church of England portion of Drysdale cemetery in lieu of Mr J. Clark, resigned. Votes of thanks to the hou. readers, organist, choir, and retiring 0 6 hearers wore carried unanimously, and tho meeting was brought to a close with the benediction. Mrs Dr Potts delivered her first afternoon and evening lectures admission to which had to be paid for yesterday afternoon and evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, and it is gratifying to add that she was greeted by a large audience on each occasion. Tho afternoon lecture was for ladies only, and that m the evening was entitled, " What to eat and how to eat it ; the effects of alcohol narcotics, etc." Mrs Potts' discourses were replete with instruction and interest, and were most attentively listened to. She will lectnre again this afternoon and evening. The electric light was again exhibited last • evening from tho ironclad Cerberus, and it attracted a largo number of persons to tho beach. The following new insolvency schedule was filed yesterday with the chief clerk of I the conrt :—Alfred Frederick Wane, store I „Pf£ ofLa.ketoWn- 'Causes of insolvency - I tailing off in business, and sickness of self [ and family. Liabilities, £1137 15s 10d ♦ assets -E47S 3s Gd ; deficiency, £659 12s' Mr John Davison assignee. A general February creaitor8 will be held on the 5th p,taotTd ,r<*Went of Chewton, named Edward Juniper, was at work in his yard on^ Tuesday morning when he fell down Tho widow of tho late Angus AI'Millan the explorer, committed suicide on Tuesday rive?"Thoyd^0Wn)^erse'f in the Latrobo cned"self dS;rnotion. pravioualy "»reat A lad actiDg as assistant to the riveters fell from one of the transverse girders of the railway bridge into the Murray? from a height of 30ft on Tuesday. Sutherland fntole rl Very P'^y jumped into the river, and succeeded in teem no the | boy afloat till a boat arrived " P g th° The following item appeared in yester day a Age under the heading of new inso! vencies. Donald Bantook nf .5fI.iu station, Kilmore, sheep dealer. CaUBesof insolvency : Losses iu business as a sheen dealer, and failure of persons indebted to ™r r'lt0 Pay their debts" labilities, £3609 18s od ; assets, £708 14s fid . d„K oiency, £2991 3s lid. The Geelong Young. Men's Mutual Im provement Association met in the Mechanics' i class-room on Monday night. The president and vice-president were present with a good attendance of members. Four nominations for membership were made, which Bhowed that the association is receiving merited patronage. It was notified by Mr A, Wilson that Mr J. F. Link had kindly con sented to deliver a lecture entitled "Popular Delusions" in the class-room this quarter, on an evening which shall;be duly . notified. The remainder of the evoning was pleasantly spent in impromptu discussion, The recent bazaar in aid . of the Catholic orphanages was as will have been observed by the balance sheet a great financial success. In connec tion with the published statement of acconnts it may be mentioned that an omission was made in not including the name of Mr John Moloney in the expression of thanks for his services as honorary secretary. _ The Sisters of Mercy, as well as the Christian Brothers desire to convey to that gentleman an expression of thanks for his indefatigable exertions, and to state that the success of the bazaar was in a great measure due to him. Tho privilege of charging for admission' to the grand stand in the public reserve at the racecourse to-day and to-morrow has been sold to Mr Thos. Hurley. i\ v A correspondent complains of stray goats in Newtown and Ashby, destroying private gardens, and asks what the local inspector is abont that he does not " rnn them in.' Wrecked goods recovered from the George Roper will be offered for sale by auction at Queenscliff on the 5th February by Mr J. F. Tully. The drapery establishment of Mr M. O'Grady in Moorabool-street will be closed at noon to-day. The result of Darriwell's consultation is published in our advertising columns. TlIEKE is no limitation to good. It penetrates all spheres, and pervades all dominions. Its power and its principles are simply diffusive. It is permeative and in vasive, with peace for its mission and heal ing ou its wings. Not only is WOLFE'S Schnapps a staple article of trade in the United States, but it has a large sale, and enjoys a high reputation in r-'outh America, Mexico, China, Cuba, and other countries. Like the principle of good, it has some embodiment everywhere. Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made_ in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghoBt: " llow do I knew that you aro not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt tho surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has itjby him, and every good house wife buys it. 