jp^ *WtoffF 'VQi TB58' ^^691 - ^?^B MiBB IWanilM ???W^ MHM|I ????* ^^B «? OE, The Adopted Daughter. By Mes. Haebiet Lewis. CHAPTER XXXV. THE INKKEEPEE'S NEWS. What exultant emotions thrilled the heart of Sir John Courtney as he found himself beneath the Bunshine of heaven and with the fresh air fanning his brows. Although his year of captivity was ias if it had not been, the very air he breathed Beemed strange to him, and the breeze that sighed among the trees had an unfamiliar sound. He almost doubted, as he caught sight of his ragged clothing and the long gray beard *hat lay upon his breast, whether it was indeed himself who was -walking amid those strange scenes, or whether he was not dreaming. He rubbed his eyes with his hands to as sure himself that he was really awake, and then started, as he for the first time noticed the loiig, claw-like nails that disfigured Mb fingers. How strange that a year had dropped from his life, like a bead from a string! How equally strange had been his return to consciousness ! In his great gladness he clasped the sur geon who had restored him in a strong em brace and sobbed like a child. When he had recovered his calmness and had become somewhat used to his personal appearance, he reflected upon the revelation mat had been made him by Glaonville. 'Everything seems strange,' he murmured. ' I can hardly believe that that brigand told me the truth; yet it must have been so. If things would only seem more real '.' They walked to the place where the horses, were kept, mounted and took their way to Salerno. The day was beautiful — one joi those lovely Italian days that linger in the memory — but to the baronet all looked dreamy and unreal. He almost expected to awaken soon in his library at Courtney Hall. But as ihe party journeyed onward he lost this dreamy sensation, and began to look at affairs in their true light. Arrived near Salerno, they dismounted, . and their guide left them, taking his horses back with him. They Walked the remainder of the distance, and on reaching the town the French surgeons went to rejoin, .their friends, while the baronet proceeded to a quiet hotel; but not before he had again expressed his gratitude for the great service they had rendered him. They declared that they were equally indebted to him, since they oWed him their freedom, and they separated from him with much regret. The first act of Sir John was to submit himself to the hands of a barber, the second to a tailor. With his beard removed and his whiskers trimmed, and with a decent suit of clothes, he felt more like himself. He had already begun to lose sight of his late experiences, and to look forward to his return home. ; ; He pictured Amber's delight, Ralph's joy, at beholding him, and he almost wept in anticipation of the joyf nl scene. With an impatience and eagerness to clasp them in his arms, lie left Salerno that very night and proceeded to Paris with as little delay as possible. He did not stop in Paris over night, but sped on to Boulogne, and hastened to London with the utmost rapidity. Not a doubt entered his mind but that the family was at Courtney Hall, and he pro ceeded thither without an hour's delay in the metronolis. Arrived at Hepney, he crossed over to Mr. Gross's Crown Inn, and demanded a vehicle, with the swiftest horses at command. He waited in the shady little parlour of the inn while the vehicle was being got ready. Mr. Gross hastened to the parlour to offer his guesfc some refreshment, but almost fainted on recognising him. 'Sir John Courtney I' he cried, Bitting down. 'It is a ghost! Murder! 'Eavens!— ' * It is no ghost, my good Mr. Goss,' ex claimed the baronet. 'It i$ myself-^Sir John Courtney in person. Did you think me dead?' * 'Eavens ! What a question ? We've buried you ! Yeu're in the family vault ! Oh, I know this is a warning to me that I'm not long for this World — ' 'Buried me ?' repeated the baronet. 1 What do you mean? Be sensible, Mr. . Goss. ' Explain your strange behaviour.' Gradually recovering his calmness, the innkeeper became convinced that Sir John was still alive, and he responded : ' Then we've buried the wrong man ! But I could ha' sworn he was you, Sir John. Gfreggs fetched home a body as he said was yours, and we buried it.. And if '(wasn't you, I'd like to know, who it was ?' A few minutes' thought furnished the baronet with the febluti&h; the enigma pror pounded. ? ' ;- ' It was my brother^ body, Mr. Goss. He fell dead beside me, and Greggs must have thought it was - me. But ' I should have thought he would have known my clothing.' Mr. Goss explained that thebody in. ques tion had been robbed of its clothing. 'Then it was Colonel Courtney as we mourned over, Sir John. There was no mistake about his being e Courtney,' . It afforded a melancholy satisfaction - to ihe baronet to know that his brother's re mains bad met with proper burial; but the thoDght then occurred to him that he was about to jjrejsent lijinself t& his beldved ones like one from the dead. * How is the finally fat the Hall ?' he asked, his voice choking with emotion, and his heart throbbing with excitement. Mr. Goss was silent, and his usual ruddy, face lost ihe colour it had just re-acquiredL Sir John was instabtly SliarteM. * Are they ill V lie iahmA. * la Ambkr *Oh, no, Sir John— 4e&BfcwfcyB;, I lispe TK)t/ replied, the innkeeper finding his voice. , Bat thm &**& left the jHail.' ' Yee, Sir J&hn;, and jrobfi «j- m Lnnon for the season. They are h&m;' %& times, with btdiB, *ad fsffim* i»a *»«* life**' ; The baronet fill i p-to$ bf #te||»)pomt» ment. _ _. '...??,..* .''.^''.' '„, . ..... &oss;, hesitatingly. 'The? ought to' be. Bessie, Miss Aniber's niafil that was, but who is noW married to a likely young fellow — she had a letter from Miss Lungley's maid the other day, saying that her mistress told her that the wedding would soon^come off—' ' The wedding !' interrupted the baixjnet, his face losing its extreme pallor. 'Then my great and lifelong wish is about to be realised. This is joyful news to meet me on my arrival. The dear children will have one guest at their wedding who will not be less welcome for being unexpected.' Mr. Goss applied his jacket-sleeve to his eyes, as he said : ' Is this the first you've heard of the news, Sir John ?' ' The very first. I thought the family was at the SsiV and came straight through. I shall go back to-night by the next train.' 'You look like a ghost, Sir John. K'o wonder I thought you was one. Won't you have a bed here over night P The baronet replied in the negative. * Then I'll just order a dinner for your honor,' said the innkeeper, * and while it's getting ready I'll tell you all the news.' He withdrew, countermanded the order for the vehicle which Sir John had ordered, gave directions for a dinner suitable for his distinguished guest, and then returned to the parlour with a calmer demeanour. ' When did you say this wedding was to be, Mr. Goss ?' asked the baronet. ' I don't know the day, Sir John ; but soon, of course. I've been hopin', sir, that something'd happen so that they wouldn't get married at all,' said the innkeeper, des perately. 'And why not, sir?' demanded Sir John, sternly. ; Because, to my humble thinking, she ain't worthy of Sir Ralph — I mean. Mr. Ralph — begparding, Sir Jokn.' ' Not good enough for my son ! Miss Amber not good enough for my son !' re peated the baronet, his sternness deepening. ' Be careful what you say.' 'I ain't speaking of Miss Amber, Sir John,' whimpered Mr. Goss. ' She ain't to bethe bride. It's to be Miss Blanche.' Sir John looked stupefied. ' Miss Blanche to be the bride !' he said, in a hollow whisper. ' Tes, Sir John. So she told her maid,' The room seemed to reel round the baronet. Could it be, he asked himself, thatBlanche would commit a crime to obtain the rank forwhich she had always been so ambitious. Would she commit bigamy ? Then he thought of Amber — how care fully he had educated her to love his son, and of how terribly she must be stricken by this blow. How his heart yearned over her at that terrible moment. 'I have returned to comfort her,' he thought. ' She shall find balm in her old father's affection. ' The tears sprang to his eyes, and relieved the weight upon his brain. ' Is — is Miss Amber well ?' he asked, hesitating how to put the question in the most delicate manner, and learn if his darling were suffering. *I— I don't know. Sir John, ' faltered the innkeeper. ' I will tell you the truth, your honor, before you can hear it from others,' he added, with resolution. ' Miss Blanche drove Miss Amber away from the Hall more than a 3-ear ago.' 'Drove her away?' ' Tes, Sir John. She sent her off one night, without any of her luggage, which, is at the Hall this minute ; and Miss Amber l.as never been seen since.' The baronet uttered a groan of anguish. ' This — this is incredible !'he gasped. * Bessie, Miss Amber's maid, overheard the whole, Sir John. She listened, I s'pose. She said that Miss Blanche came to Miss Amber's room and told her she was depend ent, and that Mr. Ralph hated her, and more stuff like that, and told her to leave the Hall immediately. Miss Amber was heart- broken, and went on foot to the station, where she took a ticket to Lun'on. Since then no one has 6een her.' The baronet pressed his hands against his heart, as if to still its tumultuous beat ing. 'We think, Sir John,' ventured Mr. Goss, ' as Miss Amber got a situation as governess, though of course we know nothing about it- Only she didn't have mucJi money, your honor, so Bessie says, and if she's alive she must be doing something. But she was such a delicate young lady, Sir John, that I much misdoubt if she's living yet.' Again the baronet groaned with his terrible-mental suffering. 'There's not one of the tenants, Sir John,5 continued the innkeeper, 'who will be pleased with the new Lady Courtney. But how I am rattlin' on, voui- honor, and the train going in a couple of hours. May I make so bold as to ask you how you came to be so long away.' 'Another time, Mr. Goss — another time !' responded the baronet, in a low, choked voice. The innkeeper was awed by the terrible emotion of Sir John, and stole from the parlour, leaving hie guest to himself. The dinner, hastily prepared, was soon put upon the table, but the baronet made no effort to eat, He did not even take a seat at the table. He had pictured continually on his journey homeward the warm welcomes he would meet and the joy his return would impart to his family — but how different was the reality ! Ralph, his noble son, was perhaps on the point of being entrapped into ft marriage with a woman who had already a husband living; and Amber, liis darling, had been driven forth from her rightful home into the hard, cold world. It was no wonder, then, that the baronet was almost distracted with his grief. The minutes dragged like hours to his tortured mind; he paced to and fro with hurried 'Step, inaction seeming torture, and indulged iu ail sorts of conjectures as to the whereabouts of Amber. When it became time for him to go to the statipn, Mr. Goss made his appearance;* saying: '1 have bought your ticket, Sir John. Here it is. I wili accompany you to the train.* The baronet took the ticket and preceded Mr. Goss to the front of the inn, where a small crowd of his tenants had assembled, Mr Gosb having hastened to spread the gtfi^ir&Ubus; newB of their landlord's return iD tb%ai rnitv* ftn4 w«-H; ': .-. . ',.... Su^coa vaajzreeted bj^them with, en. thusiastic cheers^ and he. ia&qhknically; raised his cap in aeknowle&gfii;&Bi; of th$ honor ; but he had the look of a blind matt groping about in a strange place. His palo countenance awed many, anil some of the tenants were convinced that it was the ghost o£ their lord that -they beheld. The innkeeper, startled at the baronet's physical weakness, begged him to lean upon him, and he then conducted him to the station, and soon after placed him m the train. It was bite in the afternoon when Sir John reached London, and he drove im mediately to Courtney House, dismissed the cab, and knocked at the door himself for; admittance. ? (TO BE CONTIX0ED.) 