Sfhe 23cfl Published on Wednesday aud Satdbdat Fides et Justitia. WEDNESDAY. JUNE, 4,,.1884. ... THE GAS ELECTION. On Saturday we stated that we had doubts concerning the legality of electing as directors of the Gas Com pany two gentlemen who had not signed the Memorandum of Associa tion. Further examination of the Companies Act led us to suspect that other irregularities had crept in, and with a desire to guard against any thing that might prejudice the Gas Company, or shake public confidence in the working of the Act under which future beneficial enterprises "may be launched, a legal opinion has been obtained. The questions put were:— 1\. Is the election of the parties named legal under the circumstances ? 2\. Is any election of directors legal until the Memorandum of Association is registered ? Mr. Manby's replies are :—" By Section 5 of the Companies Act any 7 or more persons may, by signing a Memorandum of Association contain ing the particulars required by Sec tion 7, form an incorporated Com pany ; and by Section 10 such Memo randum of Association " shall be signed by each subscriber in the presence of one witness at the least, and, token registered, it shall bind the Company and the members thereof to the same extent as if each member had sub scribed his name, &c.;" By the 16th Section the memorandum must be re entered, and, until such registration no Company within the meaning of the Act is formed. Of course, until the Memorandum of Association is regis tered, any contemplated member may sign it. " If Articles of Association are in tended to be registered, they must be | registered simultaneously with the Me morandum of Association, and the election of directors, &c.;, is then re gulated by these articles, which, by Section 15, must be printed and signed by each subscriber (the subscribers to the Memorandum of Association—See Sections 10 13and21) and be attested, and when registered shall bind the Company. See also Sections 16, 17, 18, and 24 bearing on this. " Section 5 of the Act does not make it necessary that all the members should subscribe the Memorandum of Association; any 7 or more may sign it, and, as above (Sections 10 and 21) taken registered, it shall bind the. Com pany and members thereof, &c.; " In short, until registration of the Memorandum of Association (and Ar ticles of Association if the latter are intended to be used) nothing but " promoting " a Company can be done. If and when Articles of Association are registered, they will provide for what is needful, and if they are not intended to be registered, Table A takes the place of such Articles, and by Clause 52 thereof the number of directors and the names of the first directors shall be determined by the tub er ibers to the Memorandum of Association-, and by Clause 53, until directors are appointed, the subscribers to the Me morandum shall be deemed to be the Directors." Under this opinion the objection that all membersLCiust sign the Memo randum, disappears; but, in its place arises the objection that the Company has been in a huiry to elect its di rectors ; that it is not a Company until its Memorandum is registered; that the directors elected can only be re garded as Provisional; and that " the first directors " will have to be elected at a general meeting held after the Memorandum is registered. As Smith puts it: " When registered, the Me morandum and Articles bind the Com pany and members; and the Regis- trar's certificate becomes conclusive evidence that the statutory requisitions with respeet to registration have been complied with." Another legal autho rity goes so far as to say that the "advonturers," or "promoters," have no right to receive any moneys from intending shareholders until registra- tion has been made; but this we re gard as not material; if the share holders have confidence in the scheme, they may as well pay the first deposit, and have done with it. PROBATE.—In the will of John Strahan, late of Mynora, near Moruya, in the Colony of New South Wales, farmer, de- ceased, Messrs Rawlinson and Bland ap- ply that probate may be granted to Martin Joseph Strahan, the sole executor ap- pointed by the said will. Dated 26th May, 1884. WILLS.—Henri Comte de Chambord left personal estate £80,337 in England. The marchioness of Bute's father the Right Hon. Edward George, Baron Howard, had personal estate valued at £118,000. Mr. Justice Byles, whodied on February 3, left £201,000 besides real estate. JOHN BEILEITER, an old resident of Bombala, died on Wednesday last, after a very short illness of a couple of days. The deceased was taken ill on Sunday, but recovered sufficiently to get about. On Monday he was again taken ill and be- came unconscious, remaining so up to the time of his death.—Times. Mr. SpIcteR, "inspector of Oonditioual Purchases in the Cooma district, has been for some days at Braid wood, with a. view to reporting as to whether the provisions of the act have been complied \rith.' This gentleman returned on Thursday from Krawarree, and. on Friday started for Nelligen ere route for Oooma, by way of Moruya, Bega, and Bombala, having a number of selections to inspect in the coast district.—Dispatch. Appointment.—MrcBamuel ^Durham? Surgeons, London, arrivwfhere on Friday last, havwg been appointed by the Minis tor for Mines as Inspector of Stock vice Mr. Ounnington, deceased, pending the nomination ofan offioer by the Board of Sheep Directors of this district. We un derstand Mr. Durham is a candidate for the permanent office.—Bombala Times. To Tathra.—The project of a tramway from Bega to Tathra 6eemed to attract considerable local attention. It is be lieved that most of the capital required can be raised in the neighbourhood of Bega, and no objection is expected from land-owners along the proposed line. Mr Foden has been atJced to collect statistics, and, in about a fortnight, a gentleman is expected, from Sydney, to give full infor mation as to cost, &c.;, to a public meeting to be hereafter convened. Complaint.—Wg have received a com munication respecting- an exhibition by some young men in a verandah on a Sunday. _ We further hear that last Sun day morning people going to church were scandalised by witnessing boxing-glove practice at the same premises. Every thing complained of may be perfectly harmless, but many a lawful thing is not expedient, and now the parties referred to know that comment has been made, they_ will, doubtless, bow to the public opinion, and retire into greater privacy. Dynamite.—The latest efforts of the explosion school in London are given in our telegram. The Army and Navy Glnb. at 36 Pall Mall, was established in 1838, has 2000 members at a 10 guinea annual subscription. The Junior Carlton is a strictly Conservative Club of 2100 mem bers, subscription 10 guineas. SirWatkin W. Wynne i9 the Conservative' member for Denbighshire. There is a grim &ort; of humour in assaulting Scotland Yard, but what has Admiral Nelson's ghost done since 1805 to draw dynamite vengeance upon the unoffending monument P Mb. P. O. BuERr.—The Southern Argus of-May 27, says:—This gentleman, having received the appointment of: organist- at St. John's Ghurch, Bega, left for that place last night. Mr. Burry is a mueiciau ■ of no mean order, and, in addition, he is a vocalist well qualified to take his place amongst professionals. During his resi dence here for the last sixteen months his services were frequently availed of, and to every deserving cause he cheerfully lent his valuable assistance. He leaves with the best wishes for his advancement from his friends in Goulburn, who are both numerous and sincere. Heport.—The South Coast and West Camden Oo-Operativo Company was started with a eapital of £10,000. The subscribed capital is £51G9; paid-up capital £3234. The directors have pre sented their third annual report which shows that during the past year the Com pany's transactions have amounted to £199,604. The net profit after paying all expenses amounts to £1572, from which a dividend of 15 per oent on the paid-up capital is declared, and £1000 carried to reserve fund, which thus becomes £3000. During the year bad debts came to £1,341, rant £759 ; directors fees £434; wages and salaries £4,029. Charity.—The Bega Benevolent So ciety was started J»ck in the seventies. Sir Alfred Stephen has robbed it of a moioty of its revenue, and the Bega Council will appropriate another share; so everything is left to private combi nation. Occasion frequently comes when distress has to be relievod, and to prevent imposition it is best to let charity flow through an official channel. From a sel fish point of view it will be cheaper for people to subscribe their pound a year to a Benevolent Society, than to have to put hand in pocket for every appeal that is made. A meeting must be convened, and a fresh departure made. Let a Society be properly organised, and worked under proper rules in a business like style. The B ctlletmouu) .—That pink-covered journal formerly 3d., now 6d„ has *nlr«n to sailing very close to Lord Campbell's Act; its stories of Vienna baths tout compUt, and the high-toned delegate whose watch and £75 went to grief at Carlton, must be regarded as nice reading for pious families. Messrs, the pinks, republish our tale of an honest man,' and they diverge from solid unadorned fact whon they say " the consignment was pills;" but a departure ol thia sort is merely chronic. And why quote old Loocoon P quotation in this instance apropos much Yirgil upon us rushes, and withal to be as truthful as Sinon! Cooma.—-The Oooma Counoil has to pay for someone's negleot, as this letter from tho Department of Mines, to the Counoil Clerk shows" Sir.—With referenoe to the alignment of the streets of Cooma, in which the Borough Council undertook to supply thoroughly substantial posts to mark the alignment, but failed to do, many of the posts being so rough and un substantial that the District Surveyor was authorised to condemn them, the de lay which ensued caused much additional labour to the Surveyor, for when he re turned to the work of supervision he had in many cases to re-establish the align ment, the pegs having in some instances been removed, and in others buried in the' work donein forming the streets; incon sequence of this, additional expense has boon incurred. The Borough Counoil of Oooma are therefore oalled upon to pay tho sum of £14 7s 6dr., which is only nnif of tho amount chaigod by tho surveyor to the Crown for re-establishing the align ment determined on by former survey and1 for inspection of tho ereotion of the posts in their proper places. — I have, &c.;, Harris Wood, Under ^SaiareUry." -M.\ Mcrcvry, Ooubt.—Yejjjbrday, beS^the JP.M.> ••Jack," too mjfobh.Mr, As Bisohargejii with a caution.® "' J&b;," ip obeoene lii* fuage, fined IO81, «n$%r jlfesaqlting 'olice with a • chair leg . Thomas Hall, charged with using J^d words at the Regatta on May 21, pleaded guilty, and.the.dipp of-dnwcj .finad 10s., .xosts. -ie.slOd., , ap4 ^rimQnifib&i; :jthat be hat ihade himsolfliableto £5 fine or 3 fnohtha in prison,—A pmaU debt? case, Bobip against X&&, '20a; claimed lor cArriagetif luggage from Bega to Tathra; verdict ^vmtoP'108.—K.^FraBci8,'"T6r"Beale arid Co., claimed-£2~|Os. from T. Taylor for St montltt'^iirtffll * sewing,intichine. ;The^ machine Jiad beensupplied, on the time-., payment system, on November 12,1883; ioL had been paid ,for one month, and balance wasio be by 19 monthly pay ments of 10s. each. Mrs Taylor had sign ed the agreement. Defence waa that the machine did not suit, and that plain tiff promised to exohange it for another, but hid not done go ; that it was left on trial only, andliad not been used after the first month. Judgment given for 30s., costcr5s. | 'defendant to return the machine to plaintiff's residence.—An oyster case will be heard next Tuesday.: 