Buddhism in Relation to Christianity. At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A.,* on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the person and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said : — Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven ; the Devan acknowledging his supremacy ; the present ation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves, at his feet ; the temptation by Mara — which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phases as ' Con ceived by the Holy Ghost,' 'Borngof the Virgin Maya,' ' Song of the heavenly host,' ' Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness' — none of these are found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama,, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no doubt in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali, texts of deliverance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautamr Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The account of his decending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishmments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recognise some rather remnrkahle lik-piinf^c in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the infiuence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long sub sequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the God Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bliagovot-Gita, a iheosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the pro ductions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper seeting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do the btories of his life in the Malia-Bharta ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the MaJia-Bharata to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhagavat-Gila. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries ot the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever salv the light in India, can be surprised if we find -similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also? Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were re ceived, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible, — A discussion ensued in which Mr. Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Phys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early TnHjan and Tartar sculptures, showing the first in troduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the 'second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. 