THROUGH fiGYPT. AND THE HOLY ? . LAND,— No. HI^ [From our Special Corresriondent.1 Jerusalem' March 10. i From Cairo to Alexandria,' en, rtute to the Holy Land, our travels on the same dilapi dated railway which did -service on the ionrnev to the Citv of the Phaioaha i and bv taking au express train, which costs an. addi tional four shillings, the pilgrim will disco ver that he is enjoying a monopoly of all the Company's carriages worthy of the name, and will rejoice greatly. There is very little bf interest to be seen on the way to Alexan dria, and little more will be found on his ar rival there. Alexandria is essentially a French town, and: possesses few of the dis tinctive features of an Eastern city. Thetram cars are heavy, unwieldy affairs, and are run on pavements without any pretence at rails. This is cheaper than rail-laying, although rather hard on the unfortunate horses which furnish the motor power. The ruins of the Christian houses destroyed after the bom bardment of the forts by the English are still Visible, and testify to the bravery of the Sallant Egyptian populace and soldiery. They scorned to reply to the fire of the British. war vessels, but fully demonstrated their heroism by killing air the women and children they could find, and by fearlessly burning down the houses of the hated Chris tians. These Egyptians are. quiet enough at present, but will always be found ready to take advantage of an opportunity to renew their assaults upon any old men or defenceless women who may come in their way, espe cially if. the same should happen to be English. ?-???? After carefully shaking off any atoms of ?Egyptian . duBt from our willing feet, we ' take ship for Jaffa' on one of the snail-like clippers . of . the Austrian Lloyd fleet of Steamers plying between Trieste and Con stantinople. Communication between the ports on the Mediterranean is better now than it used tb.le. There are now three regular lines of steamera— Austrian Lloyds, Russian and MessagerieB Maritimes, with a' frequent English one thrown in aa a pour boird. Quarantine has juBt been removed from the Egyptian ports, and our decks was packed with a heterogeneous mas3 of the offscouring of Europe and Asia, many of whom have long been awaiting the oppor tunity to journey to Jerusalem for religions purposes of various descriptions. .Five times a day the swarthy Mu&selmans; of the crowd on their pilgrimage to the Mosque of Omar were to be seen spreading their praying-cloths upon the deck for indul gence in gymnastic devotions. In close proxi mity, perhaps, would be a drcrepid Jew, hoping to live long enough to end his davs in the city of David and Solomon, or a healthier co-religionist going to wait for the coming of the Messiah, for whom these people have been looking for several hun dred, years; great stalwart Russian peasant men and women , eager to spend the savings of a life of toil and privation with the Greek prieBts at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre ; and others to be able to leave as a heirloom to their children the. knowledge that they had kissed the.stone on which. .once upon, a time had laid the dead Christ, and perhaps, taken, an unaccustomed bath m the waters of. the Jordan. .- Whatr ever the creed of these pilgrims, the object Of each is the same— devotion. The deck night and day presented atf animated appear- ? ance, always suggesting a liberal use of carbolic acid, which is little changed until we are anchored off thegrey- haired town of Jaflo, or Yafa, as its owners call it. From the moor ings the: ancient;* city presents a' handsome sight Built on a hill overlooking the blue waters of the Mediterranean, the Oriental style of ita architecture, standing out boldly from the rich green or the many gardens which dot the scene, will impress the specta tor with an idea- of the town which ^only actual contact will dispossess him of. ;Th--re: is no harbour, and landing, even in the plea- . Eantest weather, iB a work of excitement and apparent danger. But the boatmen are skil ful, and after~tosaing itheir passengers into a boat, Iwill, for a shilling, row him half a mile through a boiling, . seething hell of waters and land him wet but. safely on the crumbling stone or two which is desig nated a wharf. It used to be the -'custom of these boatmen to upset the boat Jand spill their passengers into the sea, so as to have the opportunity of caving their lives, and thus of inspiring them with the desire of donating to their respective Bervices.ten shil- - lings or a pound, or whatever each considered his existence worth. The authorities, how ever, have recently been so severely furnish ing the perpetrators other 'accidents' that they are now a rare occurrence, and the horny-handed boatmen have been deprived of a large share of their honest earnings, and are constrained to be content with the modest 'bob,' This is a tows that forages will bear com parison with many that put on more airs. Pliny says it was originally built before the flood j while other, writers who, claim to know better disagree with the old gentleman1 and insist that Japheth was its founder. I do not propose to interfere with this contro versy, and will content myself .with merely noting the fact that a difference of opinion does exist regarding the time when somebody made up bis mind that it was a good place in Which to locate. It was for this port that Jonah paid his fare to the purser of a steamer starting for Tarshish, from the quarterdeck - of which he was thrown into the sea, only to encounter.the whale which proved kinder to him than did those Jaffa sailors; Joshua found it in existence when he marched this way, and it is said that on these same piles of stones was landed the cedar from Lebanon which was used in the construction of the Temple which Solomon built. But apart' from its Biblical history Jaffa has had rather an eventful history. It has been sacked and pillaged many times and its inhabitants slain, but somehow it has always managed to come up smiling for the next round; Jona than .Maccabeus captured it once and . de stroyed it, and it had just begun to sprout afcara when Judas burned its fleet, and :t-eg- g^ced all the shipowners of the town. Simon, hotever, saw_its importance/and rebuilt the harbour and fortifications. Pompey made it an independent city, but Caesar gave it back to the Jews, with whom it remained until He-od fancied it, and so before he marched to Jerusalem he 'captured it. Then Ces tu3 set it on fire and roasted 8,000 of its people in ' the flames, and left it a rendezvous for a lot of pirates and other disreputable people, who , rebuilt it after a fashion,- -and- -had high timea there till Vespasian reformed : them by pulling down their home3, Still, like the corpse whieh Eugene Aram dreamed about, the town was always coining , to the front, And Godfrey de Bouillon found it quite a place when' ne annexed.it and ' planted the flag of tre Crusaders upon its battlements. Baladin destroyed its fortifica tions, but Lion-hearted Richard rebuilt them, and. in 1253 France dropped in one quiet' morning and captured it,- and built a fine wall.all around its sea front. This . fine wall, with all its towers and gates, did. not keep out. the Egyptians when they wanted it, and they had scarcely been settled when Turkey -seized- it. Under that flag the Arabs plundered it in 1722, the Mamelukes in 1775, and Napoleon got at it in 1799, and massacred 4,000. or 5,000 Arabs whom he had taken prisoner. So that it will be perceived 'that, like the Irish- . man's coat, there is, not much of the original mater ia] left in it, whether that material was furnished by Japheth', or some one who had left school before Japheth was born, The present town consists of a number of narrow, prooked streets, peeking with filth and all manner oi animal and vegetable abominations from Arabs up to decayed cauliflowers. The visitor will hardly believe thatthe picturesque city which he saw from the roadstead can be the dirty, disreputable-looking place which he has found on arrival, or that the houses which looked so quaint and lofty are the tumble- down.ricketty.delapidatedstructures which he finds about him. The little shops in the contracted streets are occupied by merchants and tradesmen, but the bulk of the population seems to remain in the streets and market places, inces santly engaged in the work of buying and selling oranges, dates, and figa; ana the notes of buyer and seller are intermingled with the oft-recurring bray of the Arab's only friend— the donkey. What the pig is to the Irishman, the #donkey is to the Arab playfellow, companion, roommate, and solace, with whom life would be a dreary waste ana existence a blight. There are three convents in Jaffa and three mosques. The former are equally divided between the Latin, Greek, and Armenian ChristianBjthe latter belong solely to Mahom medans. There istdsoa^arge-Mahormnedan Cemetery in the heart of; the city, which on Thursday of each week* is a sight. On -that day all the female relatives of deceased Moslems . xepair. in_. the, early, morning, .to this cemetery 'and hold a regular' picnic on the graves of their- kith and kin. Booths and tents -are erected, and .hucksters throng the place selling every description1 of Arab food to the sorrowing survivors of the dead men beneath. It is not a solemn sight to the outsider. It cannot add to the cheerfulness of the departing Mussehnanas he prepares to shuffle off his mortal coil to think that *yth« following Thursday he will' te ' 'Ak&eW;&bWtt;, '«in - which his heirs will spill! th'r crumbs of their noonday meal, and Btrew. drangopeel over his niarble Tbrow. 'Such', howevei1,1 is the custom, and as it has been so will it remain. . We are. ? among those whose : customs never change and' who; will to on junketing ;5ver; thfeirf father's and grandfather s graves every Thurs- ; day until cholera, or smallpox, or some other roseate disease engendered by the filth of their daily surroundings .shall have made their tombstone a receptable for Arab butter or the resting- place of their favourite jampot. But even Jaffa has a bright side. This is the fruit gardens, than which nothing of the kind could be finer. The oranges of Jaffa are famous even in this land of oranges, and in this case the reputation is richly deserved. Large and luscious and juicy, they cluster on the trees in rich, yellow, bewildering profu sion, and fill the air with a fragrance which tempts forgetfulness of the other Bmells to be encountered everywhere else in the city. In wandering through the town one may see the house in which.lived the originator of the many Dorcas Societies which flourish extensively throughout Christendom. For there resided old mother Tabitha, otherwise called Dorcas, whom Simon Peter raised from the dead. In another part oi the city and close to innumerable^ shoe- ? makers' and harness shops, in faot in the 'leather quarter,' I strolled casually into the house, of ' Siman the Tanner.' . Another old gentleman is living there now, and having crossed his willing palm with the ever welcome backshush, he showed me through the family mansion: and on to the .flat roof from which Peter saw the vision Which sent him among the Gentiles to preach the religion of his crucified Master. The original vat in which the old tanner soaked his hides is still in good repair, and was uncomplainingly holdirg to its fullest capacity the household supply of water. There is not much else of interest to see in Jaffa, and so we com menced to make the necessary arrangements for the journey to Palestine. As this must be done with the aid of one who is conversant with the guttural language of the gentle Arab, and who understands his dark ways and rare tricks, I am compelled to investigate the claims of the t^o tourists Companies located here— T. Cook & Son, and Henry Howard. After strict trial and due exami nation I unhesitatingly selected the latter, and have never regretted it. Mr. Howard owns the best hotel in Jaffa, and as he has been on the spot for many years giving per sonal supervision to his tours he has learned the ropeB thoroughly, and I saw the advan tage of entrusting my precious self to him in preference to the other office, whose princi pals reside in London and pay somebody so much per heaa to look after their eastern passengers. 1 also found Mr. Howard charges fully one-third'less than Cook's. So much of the pleasure of that journey depends upon the dragoman that I felt some anxiety on this score, for the country is prolific in this speoieB of creature. There .are -some who know too much and some who know nothing, some who are too attentive and others who will stand by and see you mercilessly swindled without a pang, but fortune favoured me, and in Joseph Aboord I found an honest, capable, and faithful guide. ' We rode out of town followed by the nsual mob of yelling. beggars in all stages of dirt and disease, but all evidently knowing of my limited acquaintance with the native tongue, used but the single word backsheesh. It is astonishing how familiar one gets with this word after a month's residence in the East. Little toddling brat? lisp it from their mother's^ laps, the blind,. the maimed, the bait, the priest at the altar, and the trades man in his shop, all breathe it at the approach of a stranger, speak it with the slightest expectation of being rewarded for their pains, but seeming to look upon its use as a solemn duty. Once out of the mud and grime of the streets We found ourselves in the midst of gorgeous orange groves, exhaling the fragrance of a thousand wedding wreaths, and on a road lined with sycamore and olive trees. We were fairly on our way wheaweniet:a man who enquired of Joseph if he -was going to Jerusalem. An affirmative. reply( being given, the man taking a letter from his. pocket deliberately , laid it down, on the! road. To my surprise the dragoman got out' and picked it up, explaining to me that according to the national custom 'he was in honour bound-to deliver that letter, as he had found it in the road! The Arab may hand a letter to his most intimate friend with a fear that it may never reach, its desti nation— may cover it .with stamps, and post it-Jie .may _have the -moral. -.certainty that it never will— for Turkish Post-Offices are remarkable institutions — but if he deposits' it in the road the first stranger who passes that way will go without his dinner rather than delay an extra moment in its delivery. There still remainBiome ruins to mark the spot where stood the ancient town of Gaza, near which Samson is recorded to have caught 300 foxes, by the aid of which he burned down the field of the Philis tines. Samson's exploit does not,, seem to have frightened away these cunning little animals, or eke they nave regained courage . since that time, for many of them were to be seen disporting themselves, and, apparently, fearing no danger from our diminutive caval cade. We pass Lydda to the left as we journey through the Valley of Sharon, and soon enter the time-beaten city of Ramleh — old Arimathea. When Richard, captured this town, on his way to Jerusalem, it was a place of considerable importance, but -that wasilong ago, and times have changed with Ramleh since then. There are some fine ruins of what was known as the Church of the Forty Martyrs, the tower of which is still stand ing/ I climbed up its decaying steps to the top, and was rewarded by a fine view of the surrounding country. A stone in the tower bears the date 995 a.d., bo that it is not such an old settler as its appearance would have led one to imagine. What was once a handsome Turkish Palace still re mains, but its beauty has departed, and its mildewed weather- worn remains could now be purchased at a very low figure for caBh. After leaving Ramleh, a Church is seen which has been erected over the ruins of an, ancient building found some . years ago embedded in the hill at a considerable depth. . Hereabouts the view is striking. In front rise the mountains of Judea stretching away to the right until they melt into the valley of Ajalon, while on the left the more distant hills of Samaria overlook Gibeon. We are now entering the 'land of the curse— the land of stones^ which are beginning to crop tip with surprising cele rity as we ride into the Valley of Ajalon, where a commodious stone hotel has been built by Mr, Howard in the Hmall village of Latroom— the alleged home of the repentant thief. Within a stone'B-throw of the hotel may be found one of the three tombs of the Maccabees. Egypt, Syria, and Palestine all rejoice in one of these sepulchral abodes, it ?being evidently the cuBtom of this family to bury themselves all ; over the country for the delectation and amusement of the. several travellers who' journey hither ward. From this 'point of the pilgrim age, there is no event spoken of in Holy Writ for which a location has not been found. Ah hour's ride will disclose 'Job's Well,' pro bably suggested by the unhealthy appearance of the water contained therein, and which might well have been the magnet of attrac tion for all who haye ever suffered from the eame cause as did that monument of patience. Perhaps the telegraph wire which Btretchea itfeelf above our heads as we ride, tends to infuse a little nineteenth century scepticism about theBe things. Atanyrate,opeustrangely startled while mentally wondering what mes sage iB being borne at that moment along the wire at hearing a voice at his Bide remark, 'up that road is Artouf, where Manoah Sampson's father resided. This .place has been recently purchased by a Jesuit Convent Society in Jerusalem, as-a residence for indi gent immigrants to the Land of Promise, and its cultivation has been entrusted to them. The idea is not a bad one, how it will succeed is another matter. Devotees are not the most industrious people in the worldj and it is to be feared that a yearning desire for labour would have induced them to remain at home. There is a point where devotion and in dustry do not go hand in hand. The pilgrim is apt to argue that if he is to work for his daily Dread he may as well have remained where he was, as to have gone to Palestine, There is no doubt, however, that the founding of this garden refuge will be the means of inducing subscriptions from England to flow more freely into the treasury of the Society) and aa this is apparently the great desideratum of nearly all, if not tbe entire number, of these alleged religious and benevolent societies in Jerusalem, it will doubtless answer every pnrpoBe_ for what it was designed. On the right is a mosque, which was built on the identical spot where the Moslem Prophet, Ali, stopped to pray before the conquest of Jerusalem. I do not believe a word of this tale, for the most careful examination of the spot failed to disclose the mark of his knees on the stone. It has been the invariable custom of all the early fathers and prophets to leave their mark behind on any stone on which they stood or knelt or sat. and it is not at all likely that a pious prophet like Ah would have knelt here and omitted this most necesBary proof of his devotion. lam ready and willing to believe almost anything which I am told where there is the slightest shadow of proof, but I must draw the line somewhere. One might aa well expect to see a Fenian : sign .a document withouHeaving ' his mark.' as to find a' kneeling prophet fail in this important duty. We_pasa the ancient village o^ Kirgath^earmi;wb'ere,: for. -twenty years, the ark - was safely iept. - A very respect able church was built here by the Crusaders, which it is Baid is shortly to be repaired. It needs it There are a lot of tombs all about thia place. It looks as jLonfjb. it hM beim thMfctne it ari array of fnnerald da a large and systematic scale. ./TbTe': principal tomb is: that of. the chief of the!* tribe which vegetates in this town. It ij a ^ery fine tomb, -and has a window ia it large enough for the old man to look out of quite feomfortably,; whenever he feels ao disposed. It ought to have : been nicely built and furnished, for it is the only thing which the Turkish Government ever gave himt after Wresting from hjni the privilege of taxing the residents of the surrounding district, besides all travellers who passed this way. The old man had enjoyed this perquisite for many years, it waa the only prop . of his old age, and when it was taken from him he quietiy died. That is how he §ot this hand some tomb with a window. - This old chief is hot the first man to whom Governments have presented tombs after they had died, but re fused the means of earning an honourable livelihood while they remained on earth.' If they bad given him the tomb while he waB living, he might have been able to sell it to some more ambitious man, and havfe had some tun with the money. Away to the left, on that high hill, another old man lived once upon a time. According to history, he was a good-and great man, -however. His name was Samuel, and from that hill— Mizpeh— he used to go forth to attend Courts and give judgment, and when he was ready to give up the ghost all his countrymen united in saying that he had never once taken a bribe or given faUe judgment. That hill which you can see nearly ? all over Palestine is his monu ment. The Turkish Government did not build; it. Ankarim, the birthplace of St John the Baptist, is to your right as you draw towards Jerusalem, and this is the Valley of Ell From that brook it. is said that David took the' pebbles with which he Bmote the giant, who with his friends occu pied the face of the hill, while David's people were encamped on this side. Soon we entered Emmaus, the village 'three score fnrlongB'1, from Jerusalem to which Christ repaired after his resurrection, and where he first appeared to his Apostles. There is now in the place a small Church, two or three modem-looking houses, and an untidy cate, kept by a Greek, who gets more.out of his' customers than they from him. From here the road is rocky and the ascent steep, but at the summit we are rewarded by the sight of the Mount of Olives, with head up lifted 2,700 feet above the sea, Mount Zion 2,630 feet, and Mount Moriah 2,430 feet, while spread before us with glittering minaret and spire is the Holy Cityr-Jerutsalem, ? ? 